the food, shock still registering as I take it all in, and my mother must see the concern behind my eyes. "Katniss, it's a good idea for you all to train, but believe me, your workouts will use a lot of your energy. You need to replenish your body every day." "Still, can't we give some of this away?" wanting to rid myself of this feeling of guilt. "We thought you could invite Peeta and Haymitch?" Prim says with her forehead scrunched up in hopefulness and big blue eyes looking up at me. Gosh Prim, not the puppy face. Well, I just won't look at her then. I don't want to eat dinner with Peeta and Haymitch. I've been with them all day and we are already planning on meeting again after dinner. Haymitch is still surly from his lack of alcohol induced stupor, and Peeta..well, things between Peeta and are are just awkward now. It feels different from the time we spent in my room working on my family's plant book. I look down at the food again, hoping to find something I can give to someone in need, someone other than Peeta and Haymitch when my eyes fall on a basket of plump rolls. Cheese rolls from none other than Peeta Mellark. Guilt rings through me. Peeta brings my family and me bread all the time. He has always shared what he had with me. Dangit. I am doing this for Peeta after all , I think to myself. If I'm stronger and well fed I might be able to protect him longer, and better . "Alright, I'll clean up and then I'll go invite them." I tell her. Prim's face lights up and my mother smiles a small smile. Prim is still a little leery of Haymitch in his current sober state, but she loves being around Peeta. He always knows how to make her giggle and smile. After I shower I throw on some sweatpants and a loose t-shirt and walk over to Peeta's house. I open his door and step inside. I hear the refrigerator door open and close, and so I walk towards the kitchen. Holy! There he is standing in the kitchen gulping down milk, straight from the container, wearing only a white towel wrapped around his waist. I flush instantly and it's not at the sight of his prosthetic leg. I've seen him half naked before, but he was nearly dead, severely malnourished and dehydrated. All of his muscles had begun dwindling away. Now as he stands there looking at me and wiping his lips of the leftover milk with his forearm, my eyes make an embarrassing sweep of his upper body. His arms are as big as they were when he wrestled in high school, and his toned chest and abs are staring me in the face. You could do a lot worse suddenly runs through my head and I shake it with the tiniest movement possible. Nope, not a good thought to have right now. Focus. You are here for a reason, yes? Yes, to invite his pecs to dinner. I mean him. Invite him to dinner. I clear my throat. "My family would like to invite you and Haymitch to dinner tonight." "Really?" he asks as if he's stunned at the offer. "Well, ok. Can I bring anything?" "We're already using your rolls," I say. "Oh, ok. What time should I be there?" Peeta asks. "Now, just come on over," I say. "I mean, put a shirt on and come over. "Just a shirt?" he says as he smugly lifts one eyebrow. "Pants too," I say quickly, regretting Prim and my mother talking me into inviting him. "Just put some clothes on and get over there!" I turn on my heel and walk out quickly. I go to Haymitch's next and find him asleep at the kitchen table. I wake him up and practically drag him over to my house. He must not be sleeping through the night yet if he is this exhausted. He can barely keep his eyes open. When we walk towards the dining room we find Peeta sitting opposite my normal seat with an empty chair next to him. I direct a heavy-lidded Haymitch to the seat by Peeta and go to the kitchen to help Prim and my mom bring out the food. Haymitch, Peeta, and I eat a remarkably, large portion of food. I guess my mother was right, we are going to need to eat a lot of food. She notices and starts chattering about specific foods we should eat and says that Haymitch and Peeta are welcome over for dinner anytime they want. After dinner we go over to Peeta's house to watch the next part of Mag's Hunger Games. Haymitch tells us more about Mags' personality. I ask how old she is now and he tells us that she is eighty years old and walks with a cane. I don't know very much about Mags, but I already know that I hope she doesn't get reaped. I don't ask any more questions that night and neither does Peeta, although he takes a lot more notes than the first night. "What are we going to do tomorrow?" I yawn as I stretch out on Peeta's couch. "We've got a surprise visitor coming tomorrow," Peeta replies. And that's all I get out of him. Who's coming tomorrow? Ugh..and what is that person going to make us do? I started this story on a Tuesday because I figured that Prim came home from school and mentioned the mandatory viewing on a Monday. Also, starting the story early in the week gave me more days to work with for the first chapter. Please review and tell me if you want me to keep going with this. It's meant to be a light comedy, and I'm trying to work on weaving in as many funny moments as possible, but I am open to suggestions ;)