as he suspected, but Finnick still finds himself musing over it the next morning. Haymitch notices him watching Johanna, and gives him a sharp clip on the back of the head when she moves away from the group. "You need to stop doing that," he warns. "The last thing that girl needs is pity." Finnick supposes he should be surprised that Haymitch knew what he was thinking, surprised at the implied knowledge behind it, but then again if anyone was going to understand this situation it would be Haymitch. And he knows that Haymitch is right, that he can't let her know what he's just learned. He is used to guarding secrets, but this one sits heavy on his chest. She is surprised and furious when she wakes to the scent of blood and roses and finds the notecard propped up on her dresser with the offending flower beside it. She knows it wasn't there when she went to sleep, and the thought that he could have been here makes her skin crawl. Then the telephone rings and she is too mute with fury and disgust even to utter a greeting. But it seems the president isn't in the mood to be reasonable. "Now Miss Mason," he purrs down the line, his voice smooth as silk but with a deadly undertone. "I do hope you'll be more…reasonable this time. It would be such a shame if another accident were to befall your family." There is a click as the line disconnects and Johanna hurls the phone at the wall with a frustrated scream. She wants to vomit, or cry, or set fire to the apartment, but she was meant to be meeting the others for breakfast ten minutes ago so she supposes that all of those things will have to wait. "You OK?" Finnick asks, as she pulls out the chair opposite him and sinks into it. It's well-meaning, but she is not in the mood for sympathy. "Would you be OK if I wore your testicles as earrings?" She snaps, and Haymitch shuffles his chair away from her. Finnick chuckles. "Don't worry," he says flippantly. "That's just how she shows she cares." But he keeps shooting her worried looks throughout breakfast and when she stands to leave he follows her. "Johanna..." He starts, laying a hand on her arm. She shakes him off angrily. "Testicles. As. Earrings." She reminds him, and storms out of the apartment. He may be the closest thing she's had to a friend since the Reaping, but she can't discuss this with anyone. He's been waiting for it to happen since the day they met, but it's still a shock when he bumps into her in the elevator at three the next morning. Impressive bruises are forming on her wrists and left cheekbone, and she's hobbling a little. He takes one look at her and sighs deeply. "How about a drink?" He asks, and she just nods. He doesn't know what to say when she's sitting cross-legged on his bed with an empty look in her eyes that he desperately wants to wipe away. But he can't remember anything that Gloss or Cashmere said when they sat on either side of him in the deserted back room of that bar not so many years ago, he only remembers the alcohol that they supplied and how it took the pain and the memories until everything was dulled. So he offers her a bottle of whiskey, as well as a seashell-shaped glass which she declines, and watches as she swigs from the neck at a rate that would put even Haymitch to shame. He's starting to worry that she might drink herself into a coma when a shudder passes through her entire body and she clamps a hand over her mouth as she begins to retch. He grabs a trash can (also shaped like a sea shell) and runs her back as the alcohol comes back up. When she's done she slumps into him almost unconsciously and he wraps an arm around her shoulders, pulling her in closer. She opens her mouth like she wants to talk, but before she can form any words she's sobbing. He just tightens his grip and lets her cry until she falls into an exhausted sleep, still slumped against his chest. Two hours later she wakes screaming and thrashing from a nightmare she can't remember and that's when she tells him everything. About the phone call on the Victory Tour, the request to stay in the Capitol to meet a few special friends of President Snow, her frank refusal, and the devastation that greeted her when she arrived home. Her voice shakes when she gets to this part, but she forces herself to go on, describing the freak forest fire that had claimed her father and her two elder brothers, the bodies already in the ground, denying her even the small comfort of closure. The grief is replaced with anger as she details the president's latest request, but she clams up before she can explain where the bruises came from and then she's retching again and the whole cycle is repeated. When she seems to be sleeping peacefully at last he slips from the bed and allows himself a moment to grieve for her, and for himself, and for all of the rest of the Victors caught in this awful situation. Two days later she hears that her mother has been found swinging from the rafters in the empty house that was once filled with her family. She invites Finnick to the roof with a bottle of white liquor stolen from Haymitch's supply and greets him jubilantly when he arrives. "He can't get to me anymore," she crows. "My mother's dead, so they're all gone now. There's no-one left that I love." No-one left that loves me, comes the echo in her head as she wonders if her celebrations sound as hollow in Finnick's ears as they do in her own.