on a weekly basis. I don't expect a single project to be completed every week, but I do require some sort of progress. Please… feel free to walk around the room and try whatever you'd like. And do not hesitate to come to me or the other students for assistance or help. A lot of them are very skilled with their crafts. Some of them are even better than I can teach." Yes, this was definitely going to be Peeta's favorite class and teacher. "Thank you, Cinna." He grins in enthusiasm and begins to walk around the room. He notices the two girls from his first class sitting by the drawing section and immediately decides to steer clear of it. He didn't trust those girls in the least bit. The music area looks exciting, but seeing Cato fooling around with a guitar in the furthest corner with a small group makes him hesitate. Looking around to see what other spots there were, he sees Gale also strumming his guitar in a spot far away from Cato, staring at something behind him. Katniss is in the room as well, but she's busy with a slab of clay in the ceramics section. Almost as if on cue, she looks up and sees him, offering a kind smile. He decides to make his way over to her. "Hi, Katniss," he smiles a little uncomfortably. He hopes he's not invading her space or coming across as a major loser. "Hey, Peeta, take a seat next to me. I'm making a coil vase." Phew. He knew he liked Katniss for a reason. He takes a seat next to her, grabbing some of the wet, red clay on the side of the table, trying to replicate her actions. It was a lot harder than it looked. "How's your first day going so far?" she asks. Peeta thinks this over. "Well, Ms. Trinket is… interesting." He laughs. Katniss smiles at this. "Oh! You're a senior?" "No." he answers honestly. "I'm a junior, but I was able to skip a grade at my last school." "That's cool," she responds. "Have you met anyone interesting yet?" "Well, I like you a lot. The guys in my English class are kinda hard to read. And this other guy, Finnick, he's been showing me around." Katniss bursts out with laughter. "Uh oh! You've met the infamous Finnick Odair. Don't get me wrong, he's a nice guy. Just a little on the flirtatious side." Well that was a disappointment. He thought Finnick had actually kind of liked him. But it made sense. Nobody that good looking wanted to be with any single person when they had the whole world to choose from. Katniss notices his discouragement. "Well, I like you too. You know you're more than welcome to sit with me and my friends at lunch." Oh yeah, lunch. "That would be great. Thanks." He's beyond grateful for the offer, happy that he won't have to brand himself a loser with no one to talk to. Cato is staring in his direction, watching the new boy talking with Katniss. There's a look of distaste evident on his face. The boy next to him bumps his shoulder into Cato's. "Hey man. What's up?" Marvel, Cato's best and longest time friend, asks. He noticed Cato's aversion. "Nothing," he growls, goes back to strumming on his guitar, "Absolutely nothing." When the bell rings, signaling it's time to head to fourth period, Peeta groans in frustration. This was the best period he's had, and coming from such a lively art class into a math class was definitely going to be boring. Especially knowing that Finnick would be in the class, it was a huge disappointment. Peeta was beginning to like the guy. Now the very thought of him made him a little angry. What a fucking tease. "I'll catch you later, Peeta!" Katniss beams before they head their separate ways. At least he has Katniss to keep him company. He wonders what her group of friends are like, probably just like her. That being the case, he has no problem accepting the idea of being part of the group. Peeta drags his feet to fourth period. He's the last to enter the classroom, noticing he doesn't recognize anyone. Even Finnick isn't here at the moment. Peeta finds himself wondering where he was, and if he really didn't want to see him anymore. He takes a seat by a window towards the back of the class. The teacher was last to show. Mr. Beetee looked a bit older than the rest of Peeta's teachers. He didn't have a whole lot of gray hair, but way he carried himself was definitely more on the mature side. He rubbed his glasses up his nose constantly with his middle and index fingers. They were probably due to be tightened. He smiled at Peeta, but saved the verbal welcoming and introduction, going straight into a lecture. "To understand quantum mechanics, we must first begin by understanding its root form. For example, we know that quantum mechanics is a part of physics, and so we can safely assume that it is a way of explaining physical phenomena from subatomic particles. We know this from the word 'quantum,' and its meaning, 'the smallest unit from which all matter is composed.'" It's an interesting enough class. Mr. Beetee is able to explain the dynamics of his lessons in a way that all the students can grasp. Peeta takes down notes from the lecture in a blue notebook, since it reminded him of the black and blue lightning door. The lecture lasts for forty-five minutes before Mr. Beetee excuses the class to work on the homework in class where they can get help with any particular questions they can't solve, or do whatever else they decide. Peeta opts to start on the assignment so that he'd have less homework tonight. The bell rings and it's suddenly time for lunch. Lunch time, right, here it goes…