a "group of weird moving blocks" on the glitch-side of the game-world were scraps of programming for mutts – which were released randomly into the Arena. They took out several remaining AI tributes, including Glimmer and Clove. Peeta, the boy from District 12, in a move almost echoing the actual boy's, stumbled into a patch of poison berries and ate them. The AIs, as it turned out, could choose and eat the wrong food to fill their hunger meters just like player-controlled characters could. "That's sad," Minerva remarked as she heard his canon and watched his slowly fading body on the screen. "How come?" her brother asked. "I actually didn't know it was so easy for them to do that." "The real guy, I mean," Minerva explained. "He's alive because Katniss kept him from eating bad berries. And he and she are gonna get married. There's no way to make any of the characters mourn in this game." "It's just a videogame," Midas groused. "What we're playing didn't really happen." "But it did!" Minnie squeaked. "Not like what we're doin', but the Tributes were all real people." She shook her head. "Playing this game makes me not ever wanna be in the Hunger Games ever." "You won't be. We're Capitol-children. The Games are how the Districts redeem themselves." Minerva sighed. "They don't even get to watch children and play with kitty-cats like Augustine can. He's alive. Don't you think it would be really neat if the real Katniss and Rue had discovered a secret like we did? You know, a flipside to the world they weren't supposed to see?" "I guess so," Midas said with a shrug. "Rue" was put on duty spying on both kids from District 3 while "Katniss" set out to eliminate their land-mines and take their food. "Why's the District 3 girl acting so funny?" Minerva asked. "Programming," Midas explained. "You'll have to really watch out for her. We didn't see her too much on TV, 'cause she died early, but if I remember her right, she was supposed to be an intuitive." "Intu-it-tive?" "Yeah. District 3 has a lot of the, so I've heard," the boy went on. "They're employed in the weapons factories, mostly. They don't think straight, like you or me, but they can sense stuff and are very observant. It's said that they can sense things before other people can, like danger – like if a bomb is about to go off. They wind up keeping saner people from doing stupid stuff. You saw how she shimmied up a tree before the pack of mutts came through her area. The programmers tried to reflect what she could have been in the Games." Well-placed arrows, courtesy of Katniss' skill, took care of both mines and Tributes. The day the game ended, the match up was highly strange compared to what had really happened. Rue watched from a tree while Katniss and Cato duked it out with swords. Midas had chosen to re-take the sword for this fight, for the sake of "coolness," leaving his sister's character with the bow. Health bars lowered with every clash and parry. The fighting was quite sloppy – no finesse. The characters' heels slid in the mud. Katniss had a quarter-bar of health left while Cato was down to a sliver. That's when the Cato AI preformed a thrust-move, sending his sword in a bleeding spray through Katniss' abdomen. The health bar was depleted to zero immediately and a short version of the Panem National Anthem played. "Katniss, no!" Minerva screamed, having gotten her mind entirely into the game. She looked at Midas, who'd set down his controller with a sad smile. "I will avenge you!" And that was how Rue, the girl from District 11, the smallest and weakest of Hunger Games Tributes, sent a forest of arrows through career-fighter Cato and ended the game. The anthem played in strong, upbeat tones. Rue was presented clean, upon a stage. A sound-byte, taken and spliced from the girl's real voice, congratulated her player. A crown of laurel-leaves, dipped in 24-karat gold, was placed upon her head as the character raised her arms in praise of the Capitol. Minerva just stared. "Are you done with your little game?" the children's mother asked as she watched the screen and heard the cheering. "You can turn it off now. There is a special on television." "Yes," their father said, taking a seat upon the couch and turning the game screen over to the television-feed. "The first speech from the first stop on the Victory Tour is today." "Where are they stopping?" Minerva asked. "District 11," her mother answered. The little girl grabbed Daedalus and sat on the carpet before the couch. She could see Augustine out of the corner of her eye at the edge of the room, standing tall and silent. He was like furniture. "I can't believe you won," Midas pouted. "Nyeeh!" Minerva said, sticking out her tongue. The Victors of the real 74th Hunger Games took the stage for all of Panem to see – and all of Panem was watching. Over the staging area were banners representing the fallen Tributes from District 11. Minerva found her eyes fixated on the banner for Rue – and upon the family standing beneath it. The speeches began, droning, lulling, until Katniss – the real Katniss, began talking about seeing Rue, her friend, in the flowers and hearing her in birdsong… The television gave a slightly bluish cast to everything. The live feed made everything just a little bit pixilated at the edges. It was just a little but unreal, uncanny. A few minutes before, Rue as a Victor had stared at little Minerva from the screen, her face not quite right, uncanny. The image in the banner… it was also uncanny. The living Victors spoke off-script, against their programmed dialogue. They weren't real. They weren't supposed to be. Yet, they were. END. Thanks to Sailor_Lilithchan for bouncing ideas with me.