the feeling of his lips brushing across the skin, and wondered what they would feel like across other parts of my body. I opened my eyes quickly after that particularly naughty thought, sure that my face was probably aflame. "Thank you, but you must be joking." I laughed off the comment, it hitting to close to the barbs and taunts I used to receive when I was flat as a board and the only girl on the archery team. When you give the bullies THAT much, they hit the jackpot. "I never joke about something this serious. But on another matter, what is your reasoning for being here this evening? Friends of the Odairs?" "Yes, and they also unfortunately called in a favour. I am up for auction. One night with me." Peeta raised his eyebrows questioningly and my cheeks went red once more, "Not like that! I mean, one date. Totally PG level I swear it." My god Katniss you really are Brainless. Thankfully, I was saved from any further mortification when Finnick called across the room whilst tapping a glass to gain everyone's attention. "Ladies and Gentlemen, if you would please make your way across the hall and find a seat, the auction will be taking place shortly." We both turned back towards each other. "Well, I guess I'll see you in there?" I asked questioningly, hating how my voice let a thread of desperation show. I wasn't quite ready to let go of this fantasy yet. "But of course, I can't very well bid from a different room can I?" His fingers brushed across my lower back and gently guided me towards the auction room. I shivered from the feather soft sensation. "I have to make my way up to the stage. Good luck with your bidding." I spoke softly, and Peeta transferred his hand from my back to my hands again. Once more he brought my right hand to his mouth, but this time the kiss lingered. "I will look forward to seeing you on stage, Girl on Fire." And with that he strode away, leaving me watching his perfect ass in his wake. Oh please please let him bid on me. My hands were shaking. This wasn't regular nerves, not like when I used to compete for the archery squad. No, with that I was at home, in my natural habitat with leaves crunching under my feet and wind whistling through my hair. Up here I was a sitting duck, a waiting target. The air was not calming, but stifling, and I felt a faint layer of sweat build up. I was sure to walk out onto that stage and look a mess. I had asked Annie to speak for me and do my introduction and start the bidding whilst I stood there. I always had dreadful nerves in front of crowds which was why I was never nominated to receive our awards in archery club, for I was sure to fall over the stairs. Johanna was up before me and currently on stage and I missed her company. At least her calm and apathetic attitude to the whole thing had calmed me down. It was only with the crack of the mallet I jumped and listened closely. "SOLD, one day's training with Johanna Mason to number 68 – Gale Hawthorne for $35,000!" Despite my nerves, I couldn't help but grin. The idiot would get his chance with her then. And for $35,000… Gale was going to be eating beans out a tin for a while. The grin was gone as I heard Annie then begin my introduction. My hands fought with each other for dominance and played idly with the sides of my dress. Panic rose up inside me. "So, without further ado, please welcome Miss Katniss Everdeen – The Girl on Fire !" Walking out on stage, the lights nearly blinded me. The crowd seemed muted as they cheered and I almost wobbled right off the platform as I stumbled my way beside Annie. "So, who will start the bidding?" Annie spoke excitedly. "50,000$!" shouted an over-excited middle aged, rotund man from near the back of the room. From the way his equally round companion slapped him, then stormed out, I had to bet he was married. Please for the love of god let my suitor be better than that. Surprisingly, the bidding increased and increased, but I still heard no word from Peeta. I couldn't seek him out under the glaring lights of the stage and the panic forced its way up my throat. Perhaps he was just a playboy looking for a laugh with the pathetically pure Katniss Everdeen. Maybe the attraction I felt was just fake. And it was this panic that threatened to choke me when the bidding raised to 200,000$ from the most sickening man there. Old, with greying hair, a twisted grin, and a white rose in his lapel, I instantly felt nauseous just looking at him. There was no way I could buy myself out of this. Resigning myself to my fate, I wished to god I had never agreed to this stupid farce. "1 million." A collective gasp rippled through the crowd and I searched for the owner of the voice, the panic subsiding as it registered just who that voice should, no must , belong to. And there, staring back at me, was that man with the blue eyes. Go and review please? I have the next chapter ready and will post it on Saturday but if I can get at least ten reviews I'll have it up earlier! #dangles This isn't quite what I was expecting to write and it was written rather fast as my muse insisted I write it all down lest she have to repeat it and there was no way she was repeating her brilliance for anyone so it might be full of typos. On that note I am looking for a beta, anyone interested give me a PM!