am here to make a speech, to be a leader. Out of the corner of my eye I spot Haymitch, looking as sullen and as drunk as ever. "Haymitch" I say, nodding in his general direction. "Plutarch" he responds. Even if there were time before my appearance, we didn't need words to speak. We both knew what this speech meant for the people of Panem, we had prepared for this moment for years, and I knew how he disapproved. But we are old friend snow, and I knew that whatever Haymitch believed, he would do nothing to stop me. With a short cry of "Go! Go! Go!" from somewhere behind me, the curtain suddenly opened up before me, briefly blinding me as I was thrust into the light of the summer afternoon. The cheers of the crowd became almost deafening, shaking the wooden platform beneath me. Putting on my most winning smile, and with an over dramatic wave to the gathered crowd of thousands I strode out onto the stage that had been set up in front of the Presidential Palace, making a beeline for the podium in front of me. After a short pause to allow the cheers to subside I began in a strong voice I had rehearsed over many years that echoed around the square. "People of Panem, I stand before you today to commemorate the 10 year anniversary of the glorious defeat of the Capitol and the hands of the districts, and the end to the tyrannous rule of former President Snow." As if on cue the crowds erupt into another round of cheering, most of them clearly remembering the war as if it were yesterday. Many of these people had either fought in the war, or had lost loved ones that had, making my commemorative speech even more significant. "We will never forget the loss of our brave soldiers in that war. Whether they be our family, our friends, or the innocent people of the districts who became the martyr's for our cause. We will also never forget the people of district 12, who lost their home, and can only hope that one day the district will be safe to return to once more." I see a few people weeping at these words, clearly moved. "We will also never forget Ms Katniss Everdeen, the Mockingjay." Gasps of shock sweep across the crowd, trying to work out why I dare mention the traitor now of all times. "For all her flaws, and all of her confusion, she still helped lead the rebellion to victory over the Capitol, and for that I am forever grateful." Although some people still appear confused, believing her a traitor and no more, I can see many people begin to applaud, clearly convinced by my words. Good. For what's to come they need to be convinced. "However there are some losses that time cannot heal, and that can never be forgiven." I take a deep breath to brace myself for my next words, knowing that the last 10 years have all been building towards this moment, and that my future career as President relied almost entirely upon them. "It is because of this that a vote was taken, long ago by the victors of the old Hunger Games. They voted that for all of our suffering, for all of our pain and all of our loss, the games cannot be allowed to end. Thus I propose to you, the good people of Panem, that in memory of all of our loved ones, and to ensure that past atrocities are never to be repeated, we begin the games once more. But unlike the past, I will not take your beloved children away from you, no. Instead the pool will be made up of the Capitol traitors, who for 75 years were prepared to watch children, your children, butcher each other for their entertainment." It takes a moment for the crowd to register what I had just said, that we should bring back the dreaded Hunger Games. But after a short pause, the crowd once more erupted into cheers. I had done it! The Games were back, and with it my power was secured. I allowed myself a small smile as I revel in my success. I quickly wrap up the speech, again focusing on the loss of the people, how the new society of Panem is so much grander, and so much greater than before the war. It's all lies of course, but the people soak up every word, not possibly realising what they had just agreed to. Leaving the stage I am welcomed by the cheers of my prep team. Seeing Haymitch still waiting, I walk over towards him. "Congratulations, it appears as if you have achieved the impossible" He says, his voice still think with disgust at what I had done. Ignoring it, I reply "Oh no, this is merely another step in my plan" allowing myself another cheerful smile. At his confusion I sigh and continue, "Moves and counter moves my dear Haymitch, moves and counter moves…" Turning away from him, I look back out across the crowd through a small gap in the stage curtains. In the distance I can see and oversize statue of a figure with wings, holding a dark black bow. The Mockingjay. It was always a controversial statue, and over the years had become scarred by the disgust of the people, but still the shape of the Mockingjay was clear. But oh if only Miss Everdeen could see me now, that everything she thought she had worked so hard to stop had failed. Again I smile. Of everything I said in my speech, one thing was most definitely true. The mistakes of the past will not be repeated again. Snow allowed his whole empire to be defeated by a scared little girl with a handful of berries. The fool. "Goodbye Mockingjay" I say smiling wryly, blowing the statue a kiss, "May we never meet again"