down there," she whimpers, feeling embarrassed and turned on at the same time. The urge to press her thighs together is getting stronger, but Peeta holds them apart. "Not true. There is nothing more lovely than the sight of your pretty pussy, freshly fucked by me." He grins up at her impishly and she knows he is trying to make her come through talking only. It happened before, he is definitely capable of making it happen again. Her Peeta always had a way with words. She wants more than his words tonight, the desire for his tongue on her is overwhelmingly strong. Hoping he won't tease, she spreads her legs wider and says, "Take responsibility, Peeta. You have to clean...ahh..up the mess you made." She's gripping his hair, trying to push him closer to her core, and starts to moan when his nose almost touches her clit. He moves even closer, nuzzles her slightly with his chin and she groans when he begins to gently stroke her stomach with one hand while the other grips around her thigh, holding her in place. "I will," he says, his voice slightly hushed by her pubes. "In true cat fashion, I will lap you up. Lick your pussy clean and make you come." And then he does as promised. Licks, nips and sucks as if his life is depending on it, makes her come and scream so loud that every cat in the Victor's Village hisses angrily in response. Later they go down to the kitchen to warm up the forgotten rabbit stew and Katniss tells Peeta the story of the green-eyed monster. He even remembers the name of the girl with the green satchel, a friend of Delly's who survived the bombing to Katniss' great surprise, but never returned to District 12, opting to stay in Thirteen. "Your father sounds wise. He must've been a great dad," Peeta says. "My father was more withdrawn. He didn't talk much and I mostly remember conversations about the trade. Long lectures on how to make sure that batter won't cling to the pan. Stuff like this." "My father seldom talked about the mines with us. He did sing songs for me and Prim before bedtime. I remember being proud that such a wonderful man was my father. We were a happy family, even in poverty," Katniss answers, feeling nostalgic and then they don't talk for a few moments. Muted meowing can be heard from beneath the table and Peeta takes Buttercup into his arms, combing through the cat's orange fur. After a while Katniss breaks the silence. "What I told you earlier about Buttercup, I didn't make that up. He is dying," she says, her voice exhausted. Peeta nods dejectedly. There is nothing they can do to stop the inevitable. "Let's make his last days with us as nice as possible then. We'll prepare his favourite food and take him to bed with us, things like that. We will simply show him that we love him as much as we can." "That's a good idea." More silence follows. "Peeta, listen I have to apologize about the way I acted these last few weeks. My emotions are off-kilter and I can't seem to find the energy to even hunt properly! Making you suffer, I wasn't being fair," she sighs and continues, "Please believe me, I don't mean to be so weird. You deserve so much more, really it is almost as if I'm coming down..." 'with a sickness' she wants to say, but stops. No, something is wrong here. When was the last time she bled? Katniss stares at Peeta in amazement and he looks back at her, his blue eyes twinkling. "You're pregnant," he says. "I'm pregnant," she answers, wonder evident in her voice. They are going to be parents. He smiles sweetly at her, still petting Buttercup, seemingly at peace with the world and content with the moment. Why isn't he acting more surprised? "Wait a minute. You knew! You knew and didn't tell me!" Her voice is laced with accusation. "Did not," he chuckles. "I had an inkling, but I wasn't sure and I wanted to wait until you told me yourself. I don't know your body as well as you do, you know that." And that's the simple truth. That she had known, in the deepest corner of her mind, before Peeta even suspected a thing. She had been afraid to admit what was really going on and ignored all the obvious signs. "That's so you, Katniss," Peeta laughs and she smirks. She reads like an open book to him. He lifts up Buttercup's chin and scratches him there, obtaining a low purr in the process. "It's natural. You were scared. Fortunately green-eyed Buttercup here came to the rescue. He just knew what to do in helping you face the challenge of impending motherhood." He grins at her so widely that she can't help but grin back at him and then she starts to laugh, a high, elated laugh and she can barely stop. Peeta joins in the laughter and all the anxiety and worries feel insignificant and gratuitous. They will return, as they always do. But this moment here in their kitchen is perfect and she can't help but think that their baby will surely be born under a lucky star. For the first time in her life she feels truly invincible. The love Peeta and her have for each other is still getting stronger each day. Katniss does not doubt that it is here to stay - for eternity. Notes: This is the second Hunger Games story I wrote in which Buttercup's demise is near. At least he doesn't die "on screen" in Felinity, as I still wanted this story to be fluffy. I'm sorry because I know you guys really like Buttercup! I'm a cat lover as well - but using our favourite ginger furball just worked so well in furthering the - admittedly - little plot. *meow* ヽ(=^･ω･^=)丿