sparking as they swung over the streets erratically. When the few Tributes that were left after a week had gotten too comfortable camping out in offices and hotels – even with electrical blackouts and tainted water - a tidal flood came barreling through the streets. It forced anyone it did not kill into the higher floors. Buildings began crumbling and collapsing until Valerie and the boy from District 1 - who had not been a part of the ill-fated restaurant alliance - met on the roof of hotel she'd made camp in. She'd found a chain and had used it as a blunt, whip-weapon, but the boy had a sword. He tripped her and put it through her heart. After the homecoming, Rhia stood by Valerie's casket, draped with the Panem flag. She wanted to take the flag and burn it. Ms. Brave, not showing her age, presided over the service and gave cold condolences. When the Victory Tour came through District 10 and Rhia stood beside Dally near the Justice Hall, she wanted so badly to hate the boy giving the speech. He was not crowned in laurels or anything else. Apparently, his liaison had better taste than District 10's. She wanted badly to hate the boy who'd taken away her daughter, but something in his eyes, or, perhaps, a slight tremor in his voice that she picked up on kept her from giving her heart over to the rage that burned its edges. It didn't even matter that he'd been trained to his task, in wealthy District 1. Rhia remembered her own time giving speeches, wearing hollow victory upon her head – and the eyes of the parents of her victims. There was nothing that she felt over her daughter that they had not felt over their children. They were all just slaves here, in the Districts. Every Victor that had ever been was as much a slain sacrificial lamb as the Tributes that did not come home warm and breathing. Valerie was now free and she was not. Her eldest son was sixteen when he was Reaped; however, his best friend stepped in and volunteered. Rhia Lancaster-Prescott and the rest of District 10's Victors brought that boy home, safe, though not sound. Mostly-sound in body, perhaps, but no Victor was ever sound. Rhia's son was never chosen again. She did not know if it was sheer blind luck or if his name, perhaps, had been secretly slipped out of the running. It was possible, for his friend's volunteering was seen as a fine thing by the Capitol spectators and he had conducted himself with uncommon nobility in his Games. He had not done a pacifist-run (dear Valerie had not killed anyone), but he had prevailed in the next best way… fighting for allies, taking wounds for them and killing the audience-designated "bad guys" of the "story" that year at the end, avenging his fallen friends with great decisiveness and mercy. Maybe the "hero's" volunteerism was honored, despite the general clamor for the progeny of Victors to fight. He became a favorite among the Capitol elite. The poor kid took to dabbling with morphling. He'd originally been given it for his injured leg, but had scripts written long after he was healed. Others among the "Flock" of District 10's Victors drank quite a lot. Tauren continued to lose himself in painting even as he aged and his hands shook with the brushes. Ms. Austin had an entire room in her home that held shelves and stacks of journals she'd written and was continuing to write that she wouldn't share with anyone. She'd entrusted them to Rhia upon her death, but no one, not even her, was to view them a moment before. Every time Rhia had visited the woman, it seemed like she was writing, scrawling madly in one notebook or another as if on some kind of impulse – a substitute for chemical medication. Rhia had, as always, the companionship of horses. She also had the tendency that disturbed others of mouthing silent prayers and occasionally going into a small trance when she was upset, but they understood. They all understood the quirks and the twitches shared among them. Her remaining son and daughter were never Reaped. This seemed like sheer blind luck. Rhia and Dally had some years of peace again, until dread crept in anew when the grandchildren started appearing. Again, their home was filled with the play and laughter of children whenever they visited and the stuff of joyous life soothed the aches of a cracked and shadowed world. Rhia smiled when she was able to present a gift to her eldest grandchild. She'd been given permission to purchase a small, stout pony to give to her granddaughter upon her twelfth birthday. The pony would be kept in the town stable, but would be the child's own, never to be shipped to the Capitol or to be sent to work anywhere around the Districts. The girl had squealed in delight, but of course, knew just how to approach her new partner due to her grandmother's careful teaching. The pony was an extravagant gift for a special birthday… one that came only two months before the next Reaping. The animal was young, something of a promise for many years together – at least that was what Rhia hoped for. When the celebration was over and Dally cleaned up cake-stained dishes, Rhia wandered outside. She tore branches off the shrub by the door and carried them with her as she walked to the town graveyard. She mouthed her odd little ritual prayers and knotted the ends of the branches together. She walked past the old grave of Levi Blum. She walked past the other stones bearing other familiar names in the Tributes' Section. She knelt before the grave of her eldest daughter and placed the crown of laurel-leaves she'd made against the tombstone. "There is no such thing as victory," she said. END. Shadsie, Dec. 2013