he'd always been awkward and never good with girls, so he was therefor single. He went up to Myrtle, stooped down to hug her- her being 5'2 and him being 5'8- and said, "Good luck, little sister." With that he left. "Byte?" Pixel said, bouncing Tanner on her hip. Byte gave Myrtle a hug and said similar, leaving. "Wire? Greg?" the process continued. "Rylee?" Rylee waddled up to Myrtle and hugged her legs, crying. There was a yellow dandelion in her hair. "Don't go, Myra." As a baby, Rylee hadn't been able to say the "tle" at the end of her older sister's name, so she'd been Myra. Still was, for Tanner and Rylee, who both couldn't say it. "I'll be back, Ry. Before you know it." Rylee smiled and lifted Myrtle's hand, kissed it, and then waddled back to Pixel, standing by her side. "Megan? Tegan?" The twins ran up to Myrtle, almost tackling her with their double-bear hug. "We'll miss you, Myrt!" they chorused. Tegan had a white daisy in her hair and Megan a pink daisy. "I know. I'll be back soon." "I hope so," Tegan sniffed. "You're the best." Myrtle smiled and gave them another squeeze. "Bye, guys." They turned to go, but Pixel said, "Here, hold on. Take Rylee and Tanner." She gave Tanner to Myrtle, who gently hugged him, and then handed him to Megan. Tegan took Rylee's hand, and they left. Pixel went to Myrtle and stopped down to hug her. Her long curls- which were red, like Myrtle (they were the only redheads in the family)- were adorned by a purple pansy. "I love you, Myrt. You're the best. Good luck, and try hard. I have confidence in you." Myrtle smiled and watched as she left. Then she looked at Mya; the only one left. Mya looked as if she was begging for something, her eyes big and looking up though her head was down, but that was actually her sad face. Tears were flowing freely, but there was no sound. Myrtle rocked her gently, her favorite sister. Quite like Myrtle, she had a rose in her hair- which happened to be blonde- but her's was a magenta color. They two looked most similar in the family, despite the hair colors. Both had long hair, most commonly in pigtails, large squared glasses, wide blue eyes, and freckled faces. "I'll miss you so much. Who'll be my partner in crime?" "I was thinking the same thing," Myrtle admitted, laughing slightly. "But I'll be back soon." "You're so confident." "Yeah. I think I can win. I'll just fake being weak and stuff and then kick ass." Mya laughed at that, and Myrtle was glad to stop the tears. "I can so picture that." "Yep." Mya gave another laugh, just as the Peacekeepers came. "I gotta go. I love you. Good luck. I'll miss you! Do good!" Myrtle smiled as she left. "Okay. Bye, Mya!" "Bye, Myrt. Oh, fix your dress! It's wrinkled!" The door closed. Myrtle spotted a mirror on the wall and walked up to it. She was dressed in a plaid and worn blue dress. Mismatched but strangely fitting red shoes adorned her feet. Her red hair was braided into two pigtails and she instantly reminded herself of Dorthy from The Wizard of Oz. She thought for a moment about where she'd seen Dorthy, but then gave it up, smoothing down her dress and sitting on the couch. She realized that she hadn't been given a token. Then she figured her flower could pass for one. And then... Silence. Myrtle was starting to get used to it. Meanwhile, Loren was sitting with Jenna, the only person who came to see him. She was his girlfriend, as "large" as he was. She was beautiful, to him at least. She herself was very tall with very skinny arms and legs. She had big round glasses that seemed to cover half her face and messed up teeth. But he loved her to death. Now they sat rocking back and forth, hugging. "I'll miss you. So, so much." Jenna said. "I'll miss you too." She smoothed his tuxedo, and Loren smiled. She was such a perfectionist. She looked up and met his eyes. "Don't be rash, Lor. Pay attention. Run. Don't be stupid." His eyes flashed angrily. "I'm not stupid." "I know. Your brilliant. But sometimes, with actions, you don't think. That could end bad." "What are you talking about?" He was almost yelling. "I'm not stupid!" Jenna was used to it. Most of the time Loren was like a small child. He was very compassionate and kind, as well as gullible and sensitive. But when he got angry, he threw fits. Being the mayor's only child, he was spoiled rotten. He was a classic only child. "I know," Jenna said, raising her hands in surrender. "You aren't. You just have to really watch out." Loren's brow crinkled "Oh. Okay. I will." "Okay. Good." Loren bit his lip. "Dad's not coming?" "He can't. It's not allowed, or something." Loren had no friends, no siblings, and his mother had died a while back. So Jenna was all he had. When they took her away a few minutes later, after she gave him her bracelet and a delicate final kiss, and he was left, a confused, spoiled, angry, childish boy just awaiting death. Because, in the world of The Hunger Games, death was near inevitable. Some sooner than others. Loren had a very bad feeling that his was coming very, very soon. Another authors note. THAT WAS SO LONG! I'm tired now. I'm gonna go sleep. I hope you enjoy. Sorry Loren's goodbyes were short. Also, I don't think the next chapter will come for a while. I'm really exhausted, and tomorrow's Father's Day AND my Dad's birthday, so it just won't work. Anyway, hope you enjoyed. Bye now. :) Next chapter is District 4, 5, and 6. Tributes are on my page, so you know. Thanks! :D