he would always have a place in my heart, maybe the biggest. "I love you," I murmured softly, placing one last delicate kiss on his gentle lips. I plucked the mocking jay pin from my shirt and pinned it to his chest. All cameras, even though their finale was happening right now, were probably on me. Another act of defiance, but I no longer cared. I pressed my three fingers to my lips, and then his lips, and then his heart. "I love you, Peeta." With one final look, I ran out of the cave. The howls and growls were deafening, and I knew I had to run. I had no idea what I was waiting for, and I knew that I had to get to the Cornucopia, I could hide within it, because it sounded like whatever beasts the Capitol had made, they were on ground. Dodging through trees, bow and arrow notched, the exhausting and emotional turmoil didn't help my speed. It wasn't until I nearly tripped over the body of FoxFace that I realized how horrid the Capitol was, or what used to be of FoxFace. Her once lithe body was torn to shreds, chunks missing from her legs and chest. Her face was mutilated, claw marks and scratch marks all over her body. Blood rushed freely from her open wounds, and I had to suppress a scream from how gruesome the sight was. Then I heard another growl behind me, and it was then that Cato ran past me. "Go!" he growled, we both knew where to go. Shortly behind us the howls echoed, forcing another course of adrenaline through my body. We ran to the fields, and the Cornucopia was in sight. A mutt blindsided Cato and latched onto his arm, and for a reason that is unexplainable to me, I shot it between the eyes. The mutt mewled and fell to the ground, and a look of bewilderment crossed the brutally devilish eyes of Cato. There was no time to wonder because we reached the side of the Cornucopia and we each scrambled to the top. His footing wasn't nearly as graceful as my own, and the mutts were about to maul his legs and drag him down when I reached down and lifted him up. I could have left him dangle off the side for his death. I could have won, been a sole victor. I could have finished him off, just like his partner did mine. Yet I didn't. Then there we stood, at the top with the mutts growling, attempting to reach us. He could have whipped us around and threw me to the mutts. He could have pushed me off the side. He could have sent me into the afterlife with Peeta. Yet he didn't. Still, we stood there, and his domineering body took a defensive stance. His arm was bleeding profusely, and there were scratches across his face, and he looked like he was starving. I could kill him right now, one shot to the forehead and he would be done. Then he did something so perplexing, he did nothing. There was no aggressive blood thirsty Career standing before me. Just a boy that spent his whole life training for something that would bring honor and respect to him and his family. He had volunteered, wasted his life away to become a killer. Is that what the Capitol did to us? Right then, I refused to give the Capitol what they wanted. I dropped my bow to the ground and fell to my knees. " I don't want to be another piece in their game." I knew what he meant now, that night on the balcony. He didn't want to succumb to being what they wanted us all to be. Killers, savages. They wanted to break us, and the only way that happens is if you take everything away from a person. You force them to revert back to instincts, and I had already failed Peeta once by torturing Clove. I wasn't going to do it again. We were at a stalemate, and in my eyes I begged for him to be the victor so I could die with honor and make Peeta proud. I had done all I could do, and killing Cato was only going to give the Capitol everything they wanted. Gale would take care of Prim like he promised, and would respect the fact that I wasn't going to let the Capitol completely break me. "What are you doing?" he hissed at me, but I said nothing. I simply stayed on my knees, refusing to look into the blue eyes that resembled Peeta's. "I'm not going to hurt Peeta again, kill me," I whispered shakily. He looked astonished, but his arm was bleeding so much that he looked like he was going to topple over any second. I was about to reach over and help him when the voice boomed over the arena. "Ladies and Gentlemen, for the first time ever I would like to announce the two victors for the 74th Annual Hunger Games! Katniss Everdeen and Cato Stone!" We stared numbly at one another, unable to believe what we just heard. There was no time for him to relish in victory because he passed out. I rushed over, unsure of what I could possibly do to help. The hovercraft appeared over us, the ladder was issued and I could only imagine what all of Panem was thinking. A Career from District Two and a Seam dweller from District Twelve had refused to kill one another. This was unheard of, and I couldn't fathom why Cato wouldn't want to be the victor. He would be glorified in his district, just like all the others. He would be a celebrity, and he would be known as the man to kill the Girl on Fire. Yet he didn't do a thing. Author's note: If you enjoy this story don't forget to leave a review/follow/favorite. Thank you!