and it's the logical thing to do. We're like family either way." "No, it's not logical at all," I respond coldly. I'm nervous and on the edge. And I can guess why that is. Peeta is probably already thinking on how to get rid of me now. I never wanted this. Never wanted to become a mother figure to Ray, because I knew it would hurt Peeta. "Is it because Peeta doesn't want you?" Dev asks and I stop in my tracks. "What did you say?" I whisper, even though I understood every word. "Oh come on, Delly," he says gently, "You've been in love with Peeta for years. Everyone knows." "Who is everyone?" I yell, "What are you talking about?" It's the first time I remember ever being angry. That cannot be healthy. Dev looks perplexed as if he's seeing me for the first time. "Everyone is everyone. The whole District. They knew since you've rejected Thom. You remember? Everyone knew, everyone. They think you've been seducing Peeta since even before Katniss died. And I get the brunt of it at school. That's why I am in fights so often. I try to protect you, you dumb idiot." I throw up on the street. I never felt so hurt in my life, hurt by what he said, what everyone thinks of me and what an obvious idiot I've been. But mostly because Katniss must've known and was only ever kind to me. How could I ever think I could have a future with Peeta? I destroyed everything. I sob and spit and Dev is calling my name and suddenly I feel faint. Everything blackens and I pass out. When I come to I'm in the little practice of the District Doctor. I hear someone talking on the phone about a nervous breakdown and that they ask if there is vacancy for a young woman at some sort of clinic. And then I realize they are talking about me. Peeta appears with a sleeping Ray in his arms. I smile at him. "Hey there," I say gently, "I didn't mean to worry you. I have no idea what's wrong with me." "I do," he says, "Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. It took a long time to come out, and you're the best at fooling people, Dells. But you've been through hell and back and no one ever helped you through this. You need therapy. I always wanted to ask you to go...but I've been selfish. I wanted you by my side more. I've been playing with your health. It's despicable. Can you forgive me?" "It's not your fault, Peeta," I say. "I've talked to my therapist, Dr. Aurelius," he says, "He is willing to help you for a few weeks, if that's okay with you?" "Move away?" I ask hesitantly. But then I realize that the only thing that keeps me in this stupid District is my brother and he can easily come with. I don't even care about the shoe business. I don't want to stay there. "Temporarily," Peeta answers. "Will you be okay on your own?" I can't help but worry about him. "Of course," he says, "I'll look after your house while you're gone. Maybe visit you when you feel like it?" "I'd love that," I say and I mean it. He leans down and kisses me on the forehead. "Get healthy, Dells," he whispers. "And then we'll talk." Dev and me move to District 4, where Dr. Aurelius owns a huge seaside clinic. Trauma survivors receive therapy and help here. I finally feel free. I never realized how much District 12 restricted me. I never even wanted to return there, I just did because people asked me to do it. All my life, all I did was a means to please people. My parents firstly and then Dev. I never became a real parent to him, because I was too focused on making him happy, to keep him from harm. Later I focused on Peeta and Ray so I didn't have to think of myself. I wasn't able to stand up for myself and people took advantage of that. That was what Peeta had been trying to tell me in the kitchen, but I didn't see. I couldn't see that I needed to assert myself more and that I had a right to be angry and mean and communicate my limits to people. It wouldn't make them love me less, that's what I needed to learn. After several weeks Dr. Aurelius lets me leave the Hospital. Dev and I have decided not to return to District 12. We sell the shoe shop and start anew here in District 4, moving in next to Annie Cresta and her son, who I remember from District Thirteen. We live at a peaceful house near the beach and I find employment in one of the seafood restaurants in town. I like to cook and the jobs is right up my alley. One evening, I decide to walk along the ocean to get to my house. Dev is with some friends. He's been settling in. His new school has better teachers. Our life begins to calm down and I feel myself relaxing. I still go to therapy two times a week. I need to change certain patterns and this can only be done with something that is called behavior therapy. I do my best, but can't deny it is hard to face the darker moments of life. I search for little shells to make a necklace, when I hear a familiar voice piping up, "Delly-Mama." Looking up I see Ray and Peeta skipping in my direction, through the sand. Ray throws herself into my arms. "Miss' you, Delly-Mama," she laughs into my ear and kisses my cheek. "Missed you too, Sunshine," I half-laugh, half-cry, glancing over her shoulder at her father, who is coming towards me with a look of love on his kind face. I smile. Being the fortunate one, after all.