she's one of those crazy time women that do crazy things, and if she don't get her way she'll throw a fit." The infant had started to reached for my knife, which a while back I had to carelessly tossed back. I reached back with one hand and grabbed at it saying, "Don't play with dada's toy knife, honey, let go of it! " to which she said in a whining voice, "No!" "And don't look so upset! Why you looking bashful? Don't you want to help dada build a sand castle?" To this she looked up and smiled, saying, "Yeah!" "And momma said she wants to show you how far she can float. Oh, don't worry about that little boo-boo on her throat. It's just a little scratch; it don't hurt. Her was eating dinner while you were sleeping and spilled ketchup on her shirt!" Lies, lies , a faint part of my mind thought, but I ignored it. "Momma's messy, isn't she? We'll let her wash off in the water and me and you can play by ourselves, can't we?" Just the two of us Just the two of us And when we ride! Just the two of us Just the two of us Just you and I! Just the two of us Just the two of us And when we ride! Just the two of us Just the two of us Just you and I! "See honey," I told her, looking through the mirror at her. "There's a place called heaven and a place called hell, a place called prison and a place called jail. And dada's pro'ly on his way to all of 'em except one. 'Cause momma's got a new husband and a stepson. And you don't want a brother, do ya? Nah. Maybe when you're old enough to unstand I'll explain it for you." I bit my lip, trying to figure out how to word this. Oh, I know: "But for now, we'll just say momma was real, real bad. She was being mean to dad and made 'im real, real mad. But I still feel sad that I put her on time-out." At this Crimson squirmed, trying to get out of her carseat. "Sit back in your chair, honey, quit trying to climb out!" She wailed out, "Wahh!" I needed to ease her, I decided, so, of course, I took to baby-talk, which I'd been using this whole time, but not to an extent. "I told you it's okay, Crim Crim, wanna ba-ba? Take a night-night? Nan-a-boo, goo-goo ga-ga? Her make goo-goo ca-ca? Dada change her dia-dee. Clean the baby up so her can take a nighty-nighty. And Dad'll wake her up as soon as we get to the water." To myself, I murmered, "'97 Bonnie and Clyde, me and my daughter," mimmicking a story I'd once heard. Just the two of us Just the two of us And when we ride! Just the two of us Just the two of us Just you and I! Just the two of us Just the two of us And when we ride! Just the two of us Just the two of us Just you and I! Crimson quickly fell asleep and I smiled back to her sleeping form, saying, "Wake up, sleepp head; we're here! Before we play, we're gonna take momma for a widdle walk along the pier." I picked up Crimson, opened the trunk, and started to try and heft Clove out. Crimson started crying. "Baby, don't cry, honey; don't get the wrong idea! Mama's too sleepy to hear you screaming in her ear!" My daughter had, moments ago, been calling into Clove's ear. Now she said, "Momma!" urgently. "That's why you can't get to wake! But don't worry; dada made a nic bed for mommy at the bottle of the lake." I was dragging Clove along down the pier, keeping a close eye on Crimson and her little unsteady toddler legs. When we got out far enough I lay down Clove and hefted a large rock sitting on the dark wood, looking at it. I compared it to the rope I had and nodded. To Crimson, I said, "Here, you wanna help dada tie a rope around this rock?" "Yeah!" she answered. "We'll tie it to her footsie then we'll role her off the dock," I said, tying the rope, rock, and her foot together. Then I moved to on side and said, "Ready now, here we go, on the count of free: one, two, free, WHEEEE!" There was a large whooshing sound as we pushed her off the dock. I waved, a grin on my face. "There goes momma, splashing in the wah-ta. No more fighting wit dad, no more restraining order. No more step-dada, no more new bruh-da. Blow her kisses buh-bye, tell momma you love her." Crim reached her hand out and said, "Mommy!" "Now we'll go play in the sand, build a castle and junk, but first just help dad with two more things out the trunk..." I lifted Crimson and started towards the car again, ready to discard of the other guy and his son. As we reached the car, I opened the trunk and looked at Crimson. Just the two of us Just the two of us And when we ride! Just the two of us Just the two of us Just you and I! Just the two of us Just the two of us And when we ride! Just the two of us Just the two of us Just you and I! "Just me and you, baby." I told Crimson gently as we lifted first the husband. "It's all we need in this world. Just me and you. Your dada will always be there for you. Your dada's always gonna love you. Remember that. If you ever need me I'll always be here for you. If you ever need anything, just ASK. Dada will be right there! Your dada loves you. I love you, baby."