out. Quickly I cover my mouth surprised while everyone in the cafeteria stopped what they were doing and looked at me bemused. I haven't laughed or showed any positive emotion to anybody since waking up from remake. Then again the image of Haymitch pacing in a small metal room muttering all types of alcohol or tied to some chair screaming for a drink while wearing a strait-jacket. A snicker still rumbled in my chest along with a smirk hidden as I continue to giggle uncontrollably of the many images my father is going through. Sobriety and Haymitch doesn't go together in the same pot let alone giving the guy a knife for a teddy bear. Cinna smiled in hearing the fits of giggles. "I'll take that as a yes." I nodded though still unable to stop giggling, "Imagine taking candy from a baby." Once I was able to calm down from the fits of giggles, I sighed taking a deep breath. It felt good to truly laugh even for a moment. But the subject about my father had me concern for his post-traumatic stress disorder. Even to this day he gets nightmares pertaining to the Hunger Games that he tries to sleep by day instead of night to evade the nightmares. Now hearing Finnick and Katniss not doing well had me completely on edge. Hackers been on surveillance after hacking into the training centers cameras in noting Peeta is okay along with Annie, but Johanna was absent. Doing what Hacker does best through the network, found out that Johanna is being interrogated personally by Damon. Only Damon isn't going full on torture other than sleep depravity, waterboarding, and occasional beating. Turns out the ring I thought I lost was in her possession, assuming Haymitch gave her the ring while giving Finnick his bracelet to earn Katniss and Peeta trust. Too watch the Quell was difficult in seeing friends kill one another, but I had to know what is happening. "There's more isn't there?" I said after calming down. "…They think we're dead too, another reason why things are becoming difficult." "How do they know that, we can tell them we're still alive?" "Plutarch told Katniss I was dead after the peacekeepers arrested me. Saying I died in interrogation and in the bomb. He even gave her my journal I created specifically for her in this war." "Oh," I said not looking at him. "…what convinced them I was dead before the news?" Cinna was silent for a moment until he said, "Your eye. From Fluvia's report, President Snow left a rose in victor's village with a small present for Haymitch. Katniss had to see if District 12 destroyed was true, and went to deliver the box to Plutarch, who gave it to Haymitch, and when they opened it..." "My eye was there. Damn it." I slammed my fist onto the table. Such irony President Snow has in making a person suffer more than they have. First Seneca Crane force to eat Nightlock after letting two victors wins the seventy-fourth annual hunger games. Then me by killing Midnight to show he can take my source of happiness no matter what form. And now this, Haymitch last killed tribute, the career from District one, he stabbed her eye out, now he gets the eye from his daughter as a present. "Varick is going to keep us a secret isn't he?" "It appears so, not until the time is right along earning Plutarch trust again." he said calmly. Plutarch Heavenbee has been declared leader of the rebellion against the Capitol. However he's not top dogs just the face in case of assassination or a disguised. There are two more members of the rebellion joining Plutarch in the event Xavier Varick and President Alma Coin from District 13. Although Varick and Coin don't eye to eye along with Plutarch, for Plutarch wants to bring back the roman republic, (City-states), Coin prefers Totalitarian democracy (though Varick would mutter democracy like it was an insult.) and Varick recommends Panem return to its founding father's government of a Constitutional republic. Now you can see the disagreement is leading to know end. Capitol authoritarian power, Rebels wants freedom through violence, and the Jabberjays like both ends to cease fire and discussed matters logically. This is why I don't like to get involve with politics. Hasn't the apocalyptic showed an example on how the human population is close to extinction, now add the Hunger Games and this war there will probably be no civilization afterwards. Where's Peeta Mellark when you need him? I coughed bitterly of the thought before getting up. "I should start heading to work." "You know that is not necessary," Cinna said taking my tray, but I took it from him. He could hardly manage things with one hand lately. "It's better than doing nothing," I assure him. "And besides, you know what happens when I get bored." Cinna scoffed, last week after going through basic testing and haven't been assigning to do anything the simulation triggered. So I keep active as much as I can throughout the day, and I do that by creating a chart about the Profit Circle. And if I do hallucinate, let me tell you, I enjoyed yelling at my fear when they appeared in a human apparition, cursing up a storm to a point I'm laughing when somebody comes in asking if I was alright. I kissed Cinna on the cheek and left him to do his business. This was only the beginning of the Rebellion. '''''''''''''''''''''''';;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;;'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''' So here is the first chapter to Ashes from Fire. There probably won't be a major interaction from the main characters from the Hunger Games till the middle of the story. Also uploading will take a while for I don't have Mockingjay yet, so bear with me. This chapter was inspired by Divergent on the fear simulation serum and the introduction from Nikita 2010. Thanks for reading and Please review! Reviews mean updates!