Cato was raising her up over him before setting her onto the ground again with a thrilling shout of laughter. "We can both win." Her voice was gentle, relieved, so different from her usual voice. "We can go home together." "Yeah," Cato breathed. He could feel her warm skin through her layers of clothing, and the sheets of muscle beneath. He felt her heartbeat, steady and reassuring against his own chest. She smelled of the forest, of cinnamon and purslane. Suddenly, he realized that he never wanted to let go of her. "We'll go home together. I promise." Nothing else mattered. Then maybe we wouldn't be two worlds apart But right here in each others arms One. "Cato!" The word was ripped, torn, broken like shattering glass. A desperate grasp at life, choked and matted by terror. Terror. " Cato !" Cato was running. Pelting. Tearing. Moving faster than he ever had before. His mind seemed to freeze over, his legs automatically kicking forward to the source of that terrible scream. Nothing else registered in his senses as his breath tore at his lungs, the air clawing at him, a stitch forming in his side, his arms and legs pumping desperately forward. Clove. Clove. The girl who never cried for help. The girl who could always defend herself. The girl who never lost in combat. " Clove !" He burst into the clearing. Then he saw her, imprisoned in the grasp of one thick arm of the boy from District Eleven, dangling a few inches off the ground, her tiny body struggling to break free. In that instant, Cato had never seen her look so small, so fragile. Then she was thrown, before his eyes, helpless onto the ground, the District Eleven monster bearing down on her and - - Cato would kill that boy. He was going to be to one to plunge his sword into that boy's body, feel the satisfying crunch of bone ripple up his arm, feel the warm blood spill out into the earth. He would make Eleven pay for daring to touch Clove Ashton. He would - - The rock was raised. The solid, undefiable boulder poised over Clove's head - - Cato's body was on fire. His arms were burning, his chest flaming, his mind boiling as all rational thought left him. His heart was a caged beast, thrashing and howling against the bars of his ribcage - - And the rock was falling, falling - - No, no, no, no, no - - Then it was crashing, crunching - - Please! As if in slow motion, the limp body of the girl who was Cato's friend crumpled, head first to one side. Broken. Unmoving. The silent scream lodged in his throat never left him. Not as his legs strained with the effort of running. Not when he finally reached her. Not when he threw himself onto his knees to cradle her head in his arms. She was alive. She was still breathing. Cato could feel the warmth of her skin, the pulse still beating in her neck. Please. Just stay this way. Please. "Please, Clove." He found himself shaking her hard, as though his own life depended on it. Her eyes were still open, the light still in them. Please... And he found himself begging again. On his knees and begging once more. But he did not care that the whole world was watching. He did not care about anything else at this moment. "Stay with me..." His voice was raw and coarse, as though unable to be squeezed through his constricted throat. "Please, please, I need you." But the light was fading, fading like the dying rays of a setting sun. No, don't fade! Just stop fading! He was praying now. Praying to the sky, the earth, anything. "We're partners, Clove, don't you remember? We'll go home together. We'll live side by side in the Victors' Village. You'll get to try out that silver knife you always wanted. We -" Then the light vanished completely. The cannon fired. " No!" He was clawing at her. Her skin, her body, everywhere. She could not be gone just like that, she simply couldn't ! She herself had told him that they would go home together - she promised! Yet her skin was no longer warm. Her eyes no longer sparkled with the untamable flame. They never would again. He was too late. He should have run faster. He could have save her. He could have saved the only person he had ever known to care about. But he had failed. Yet again. His heart was twisted, as though demons were ripping it apart, as though it was so desperately trying to tear its way out of this world. "I'm sorry, Clove..." He cradled her head, feeling the empty dent in the once perfect skull. He gazed into her face, the beautiful face that was the reason he actually got up every morning. Her skin was so clear and spotless, her lips still slightly crimson. She could have been sleeping, so peacefully, in his arms. Cato thought of the time he first met her in the training centre, still so filled with pride and foolish hope. He thought of how she had been the only one to understand him, the only one who had actually listened. He thought of her hands reaching to him through his poisoned daze, pulling him to safety. The words came, chewed and bittersweet, torn from him like sin, words that he realized he had meant with her all this time. Words that he had never truly understood them until he met her. Words that he should have told her so long ago, when she was still there to listen. She was always there to listen. His sister. His friend. His rock. He pressed his lips to hers one first and last time... Here we almost, we almost knew what love was But almost is never enough I love you.