and above all, smart. She was too good to get herself involved in a petty rivalry with a maid. A petty rivalry with a maid. It made her sick just to know she thought about them like that. It wasn't fair - they were allowed to quit but none of them had a place to go if they did. She left Caroline with Finnick before running off to her sister's bedchamber. "Mallory?" she asked. "She's not here," came a sniffly voice from the closet. Annie swept up the hem of her midnight blue dress and pulled a barely-clothed Mallory out of the closet. "C'mon now, Duck, what are you so down about?" she asked, sitting down on the bed beside the girl. "Everything." She folded her arms over her chest and sniffled again. "Don't you want to get dressed? Enjoy the party?" "No," she said, playing with the hem of her chemise. "Why not?" Annie said. With Mallory, it was hard to. . .engage. She was so finicky (a pun which makes her laugh to this day) and not easy to get close to. "Because it's almost my birthday, too." It was six days off Mallory's birthday. "Okay. But you're turning fourteen and Caroline's having her first. Can't you-" "You talk to me like I'm having my first," Mallory retorted. She sighed and whimpered again. "Well, I'm sorry. You're getting tall," Annie remarked. "You could wear what I wore when I met Finnick." She pulled it out of the closet: sea green and shimmering all over with no straps. The front fell to her knees but the back fell to her ankles, an elegant train of taffeta tucked under in the many folds of the dress. "It's beautiful," the smaller girl said absent-mindedly. "Can I. . .keep it?" "Uh. . ." Annie said awkwardly. She hadn't considered the fact that maybe Mallory wanted the dress to be hers. But then again, Mallory had always been extremely possessive like that. "Sure. It doesn't fit me after pregnancy." She put a hand to her bust and chuckled. Mallory pressed her lips together and laughed half-heartedly. She unzipped the dress then slid it on, asking Annie to fasten the zipper again behind her. She released her dark hair and let it fall over the back of the dress. Her hair was long and curly, something Annie had always envied, but she just said. "Wow. You look beautiful." The dress caught the gold of the stained-glass window in a light Annie didn't know the words to describe. Maybe an artist or a poet would know the words. It fell just past her knees and trailed longer on the floor. Annie tucked the trail back up. "We got the good genetics from Mother. I hope Carrie gets them." "Caroline!" exclaimed Annie, giving her a light smack on the cheek. She retied the white satin ribbon on the waist of her own dress and kissed her sister on the spot she'd left a small red mark. Annie dashed out of the room and took Caroline back from Finnick. "Where'd you go?" he asked. "Why does it matter?" she retorted, bouncing the baby on her hip. "Because I'm incredibly overprotective of you, of course," he said, rubbing her shoulder. The translucent white fabric of her sleeves rubbed up against her arm and made a mild burning sensation. She sighed. "And I love you for it." Later, Caroline crammed cake into her mouth and Annie had her first-ever glass of wine - after all, this was her first party after turning eighteen six months ago. Her own party had been the day before the actual occurence, as had been customary for her for almost two decades. Mallory sat next to Finnick and ate her cake in small bites with the smallest fork, whereas Finnick ate large bites with a massive spoon. There weren't any candles on the cake but that didn't really bother Annie and it certainly didn't bother Caroline, who was too busy experiencing the highs and the lows of her first brain freeze and her first taste of chocolate ice cream. xx It was a quiet evening and Finnick, wearing no shirt, was nestled under the blankets when Annie came in in just a skimpy shirt and a pair of pajama pants (her favorites to wear when she was alone even if her maid wouldn't let her wear them otherwise). "Hello," she said, running her tongue over her teeth and to her lips. "Hello," Finnick said, slightly confused. "Is Caroline asleep?" "Yes," Annie said, pressing a kiss to Finnick's lips. "Do you remember what I said that night Caroline was born?" "Yes. You said we should name her Amber." "No. And I said Elizabeth. Remember 'I don't ever want to do that again'?" ". . .yes," he said, guiding her onto the blankets next to him. "I think I changed my mind. " She pressed a gentle kiss to his lips and took his hand in hers, even though hers was but a fraction of his large, soft hands. "Wow. Okay," he said, pushing his nose carefully to hers. " "What have you forgotten how?" she teased, poking hem playfully. "No one ever forgets how to have -" he said the next part very clearly. "Sex." Very quietly into her ear. She sighed . "Very true, Finnick." She smiled smartly and rolled her eyes. "So. . .you're sure about this? Once we try, there's no going back." She folded her lips together and nodded. She blew out the candle and pulled her shirt up over her head, kissing him once, twice, three times until he pushed the blankets off of him and straddled her, touching her face very gently. He placed his lips on hers. She was shaking but she told him not to stop. "Annie. . .are you really sure? You don't seem sure." "I am sure," she snapped back. They named him Sampson, after Annie's uncle, and for a long time, everything seemed perfect.