believe him. " Really? " He furrows his brow as if I'm the one who asked the stupid question. " What? " "Because!" I say exasperatedly. Because I have thirty slips in, and he has thirty-five. Because the odds might be in our favor tomorrow. Because Iris has five slips, and what if she somehow gets reaped? Because we're still stuck in this vicious cycle, a cycle we'll never probably get away from. Because he's acting so… relaxed even though our deaths might be certain once the sun starts to rise tomorrow. But I can't tell him any of that. I don't want to tell him any of that. "Because Iris has such a nice dress." I lie, but not really. "Really? You're on edge because of that ?" I push him, hard. He falls on the ground. "Shut up, Nidle!" He laughs, but there is a bit of anger in there, too. I can feel it. "Come on, help me up." Stupid as I am, I help him up. Even as he stands straight, he won't let go of my hand. He keeps it there, encased in his own. The warmth is all too familiar for me. We've held hands before, but this is different, as if there is a meaning behind it only the two of us can understand. Not really, though. When a boy and girl hold hands, everyone thinks of the same thing. "You can let go now." I say. "Let's walk to Cecelia's like this." He whispers, and he starts walking ahead, me tailing behind him like an obedient idiot. But I don't refuse him. Sometimes, being an idiot like this feels nice. It's just one of the things I can take for granted. The walk to Cecelia's from Iris' takes about thirty minutes, twenty if you're in a hurry. We pass by what is known in 8 as the Plaza, where buildings doubling as shops and houses are lined up. People are coming in and out of the buildings, some of them with bags of supplies in their hands, the others, plain smiles or excruciating frowns. There's the bakery Cliff likes going to, the dress shop my mother used to work in, until the pay wasn't enough for her growing family anymore. Most of the shops have been there since I was born, and yet the families running them have never been richer than they were years ago. It just goes to show how much District 8 isn't any better, how a district that gives too much to the Capitol would still have their children line up for tesserae. Not every one line ups, but there are still who do, kids like me, Nidle, and Garett. Even working in so many shifts isn't enough to fill your stomach. We pass by a candy store, where some kids from our part of town have their noses pressed on the window. "Ah, to be a kid again," Nidle says wistfully, as if he has gone beyond seeing the road in front of him and he is looking at memories of a not-too-distant childhood. I snort. "You're still a kid." "I'm sixteen. " "Still a kid." "Whatever. No one's young enough to be butchered by the Capitol, anyway." He says out of the blue. I cast my head down to avoid answering back. He's right, I think, but I dare not say. Anyone could be listening. Even the ground has ears. So, I focus again on the warmth of his hand, how it engulfs me so easily. I wish he can just shut up and enjoy the bliss of us holding hands. Does he really need to talk about how the Capitol can take away everything we hold so dear all the time? Nidle has a rebellious spirit, everyone knows that, but sometimes I wish I could smack sense into him. That everything he says can be heard. That possibly one day—but please, please don't let that happen ever— he might just disappear, the way the more vocal people do. Can't he just… endure it, at least until an opportunity springs up? I can see the Victor's Village arch from far away, and we still haven't let go of each other's hands. The crunching of rocks underneath our shoes serves as a nice placeholder for our conversation, until Nidle begins again. "Did you get to ask your mom about the thing?" He asks carefully. I can tell he's picked out the words the entire time he's silent. "What thing?" I confirm. He could be talking about a dozen of things. He sighs at my feigned stupidity. "The rumor, Anya." I look at the arch. "Yes." I tell him about it. How Mom told me that it was just a rumor from years ago. How there was no such thing as a stylist asking her to be an assistant; how it was just a lie someone made up about her declining to live a luxurious life in the Capitol. "She just… laughed. I think she's telling the truth." "Of course she'd tell you it's just a rumor." Nidle's grip on my hand tightens as we enter the Victor's Village. "She's your mom." "Well why don't you ask her since you know so much about lying moms?" I snap back. I realize how rude my words are the moment they left my mouth. He sighs. "I really don't like you the day before reapings." "Well then, sorry for being such a worry-wart." I try to pull my hand away from him, but he doesn't let go. "Everything's going to be okay." He whispers softly, running his thumb over mine. I can tell how much he wants to assure me that everything is indeed going to be okay. I want to believe him, I really do, but it's not enough. Not with all the time the Capitol assures us that everything is not okay. I hold onto his hand and nod. "Yeah," I reply half-heartedly, "everything's going to be fine."