, I communicate to Aries, looking into her eyes again. Brilliant , she replies. And I thought they couldn't get any smarter ... The Mayor recites the history of Panem, then the Treaty of Treason. During all of this, I consider my options. I know that the other Swindlers won't be able to figure out how to make Aries and I escape. They'll have to save their own necks. The thought is sort of depressing, but if I were in their place, I would save myself in a heartbeat, too. Still, I think of all the horrors the arena could bring us. The Gamemakers will kill us, there's no doubt about that. What will District 10 do if one of us comes back home? They wouldn't put a Victor in jail, right? And also, no matter what my fate is, I'll have to suffer a life without Aries. If I win, she'll be dead. If she wins, I'll be dead. If we're both dead, well...we're both dead, unless there's some kind of heaven out there. Either way, our futures aren't looking too bright. I'd rather die than live without Aries. That thought has just now dawned upon me. I'd be willing to die in place of her. I'm not a very loyal person toward anyone, but Aries is an exception. I can't think of a word awful enough to describe what life without her would be like. I hear a small grunting noise, and I turn my head to see Aries trying to get my attention. They're about to do something , she says. Her eyes are electric blue with excitement. At the end of the Treaty. I think they're going to break free . I tune into the Treaty, and I can tell that it's almost over. Whatever the other Swindlers are about to do, they'll probably do it in about thirty seconds, right when the Treaty ends. 30, 29, 28, 27, 26, 25, 24, 23 ... Is Aries right? I hope so. The Peacekeeper's grip on my arm is so hard that it's starting to go numb, and I hope the Peacekeeper will release it once the commotion begins. 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12... I don't know what the Swindlers are planning, but they had better survive it. I can't bear to lose another one of my fellow thieves. 10, 9, 8... The Mayor's almost done, he's probably on the last few sentences... 6, 5, 4... Any second now! 3, 2, 1. "ARGH!" At that exact moment, the Peacekeeper releases his grip on my shoulder. Jerked to the ground, I pick myself up and watch as all hell breaks loose. All at the same time, the rest of the Swindlers broke free from the Peacekeepers' grasps and are now sprinting down the steps, jostled by other Peacekeepers. I rip off my gag, which takes quite some effort because of the handcuffs. "Keep running!" I scream. "Run!" The crowd is surging every which way, so violently that it seems as if a cattle stampede is taking place. No one pays attention to Aries nor me, as everyone is leaping forward in an attempt to grab the runaway thieves. The two of us are simply awkwardly standing on the empty stage, watching the battle begin. A gun shot rings out, and my heart skips a beat as I watch Aquarius sinking to the ground. "NO!" Virgo screams in anguish. He lifts up his sister, shielding her from the crowds. I can feel the color returning to my face as Aquarius hollers "I'm alright! It flew right over my head!" I'm filled to the brim with exhilaration now, the pure excitement I get when I'm on a raid. I know they can make it out; they're already almost to the corner of the square, where they can split up. Scorpio, Taurus, and Sagittarius have pulled out various weapons from their sleeves and are slashing away at the Peacekeepers. Most of the Swindlers do such a good job at staying concealed that I can't even see them from here. Some of the Peacekeepers are such bad shots that they end up shooting each other, white uniforms stained with red. "Good luck, you two!" Sagittarius screams after knocking out a Peacekeeper with the butt of his own gun. "We're rooting for you!" "You can do it!" Libra hollers over the din after dodging a bullet. "According to my calculations, your overall odds of winning combined are eighty-three thousandths!" Gemini yells quickly. "In my opinion, that is a considerably high number!" "Do you think we should go with them?" Aries asks me. I stop to consider this for a moment. "Nah. We'd only get them in more trouble, and they would send even more Peacekeepers after them." I watch with pride as the Swindlers finally bust out of the square, running away toward the horizon. Maybe this is the last time I'll ever see them. Either way, I could not be more proud of them. I know that somehow they'll make it out. Even if they have to run all the way to another district, they can do it. The Swindlers have done what no one has done before, and they will keep doing what no one has done before right down till their last breaths. "Capricorn..." Aries says quietly after a long pause. "We can't both make it out, you know." I raise my eyebrows at that, and I feel a small smile tilting up the corners of my lips. "Hey, we're Swindlers. We've done the impossible. And if that means getting out of the arena together, then..." A mischievous grin finds its way onto Aries' face. "Then we'll do it." My name is Keaton I was but fourteen When the wrath of the Capitol murdered me. For the first time, the two thieves did not prevail Both of us died, the female and the male. My body lies motionless, in a whitewashed coffin And forever will I be Fallen and Forgotten.