for my little colors. One time we're both so furious that she follows me to my room to watch my pack and continue our fight. "So you're just going to pack up and leave huh?" "That's right! You obviously don't need me anymore." "I never said that!" She shouts back. "Then you don't value my opinion!" "They're not your children!" "You've made that obviously clear," I snarl, stuffing more things in my bag without really knowing what I'm packing. I made some deeply, dark joke in front of the kids that I shouldn't have. I was in the wrong and I knew it. It was just hard to say I was sorry. It started an avalanche of escalating insults that led us to that moment. "Where will you go then? Who needs you now?" That comment hurt and I think she saw it. I shrug, "Doesn't matter. I'll see what's past 13 and just keep going." Suddenly Katniss is beside me and her arms are around me. She hugs me tight, "I'm sorry. I need you. I do. Don't go." It's so stupid to be in love with a straight woman. I would never recommend it to anyone. But years will do things to the heart and I know I need to go before my heart gets any more attached. "I need to go, Katniss. Sooner or later you're going to find someone and I can't bear to do this again." She knows what I mean. I told her about Bethany and I'm sure she's connecting the dots that I am in love with her. I expect her to push me away or try to talk me into staying regardless of my feelings. I don't expect her to kiss me. It was a short, light kiss on the lips and she says, "I need you. Now unpack." I don't unpack. I just follow her, shell-shocked. "What the fuck, Katniss?" She doesn't speak for a long time, just goes around the house doing chores. Luckily her mom has moved into Peeta's house and we don't have an audience for this conversation. Finally she turns around to face me, "Look, I need you. There's no one else in the world who loves me. Peeta is dead and Gale has moved on. I could never be with him again anyway, not after Prim. They told each other once that I will pick whoever I can't survive without. That was Peeta and now it's you." She crosses her arms, holding herself at the elbows, and looks away. I don't know whether to be insulted or thrilled. I end going with confused, "So you're agreeing to be with me?" "If that's what it takes to make you stay," Katniss said, holding herself tighter. I'm starting to move onto insulted. "So you're just going to kiss me like you did Peeta in the arena? Fake it for the cameras? That's not how relationships are supposed to go," I bark. She laughs, rather manically, "When have either of our relationships gone the way they are supposed to go? Look, I'm not without some feelings for you. It took my years to build them with Peeta. Years before the kisses mattered. It can be the same with you." That was true. She did come to love Peeta. Maybe she could come to love me. I guess it came down to needing me. She did need me and I needed to be needed. So I stay. If Katniss expected me to start kissing her more often, she was disappointed. I didn't want any fake kisses so I never bothered to try. She takes the lead when she realizes I'm not going to. They start off small and chaste, like the ones she gave Peeta at the beginning. I can't lie and say none of them affected me. On the 22nd anniversary of the day we took the Capitol and ended the war, we all watched fireworks on TV long after the kids went to sleep. She kissed me longer than ever before. One turned into two. Several minutes pass before I have to get up and leave. We exchange kisses more freely after that. I kiss her after she finishes brushing her teeth in the morning and when we meet up randomly in the woods. She kisses me when I do the dishes and when I put up my axes properly. I kiss her to let her know that her hair looks fine when she cuts it short because she's tired of having it long. Purple is almost twelve before Katniss and I make love for the first time. She started it, rolling on top of me and pulling off my nightshirt. I am not surprised she's demanding in bed. Of course she would be. We show each other what we like because it's been a very long time for the both of us. She's never been with a woman but hell, I'm no expert either. Her hands cling to my back as my own finds its way between her legs. I rub steadily on her clitoris because she's already so close. Her hands move up and her nails claw deep into my shoulders as she comes for the first time since before Peeta died. I'm a little dumbfounded when she tells me this later. I have always been one to sneak off and masturbate. She gave just as well as she got. Never one to let a little fear stand in her way; her mouth follows her hands quickly between my legs. My hands bury in her hair while I try to direct her to my clitoris. She makes her way there in due time and I think she's torturing me on purpose. She was. No one questions our relationship. It's just one of those things you accept. Dr. Aurelius always told us to keep going with the motions. 'Motions of the ocean' is how I think the phrase goes. This is where the water has brought me.