arms, dragging me to his side and encouraging me to rest my head in the crook of his armpit, the soft, meaty bit between his pieces of muscle. I sigh as I close my eyes, enjoying the sound of his heart under my ear. I can feel a slow drip coming from my core, and I know it's Peeta's essence leaking out of me. I shift uncomfortably, and Peeta, as always, seems to sense what it is. He reaches to the nightstand and pulls out a handkerchief of mine and hands it to me. I sit up for a minute to clean myself off, then throw it to the ground with the rest of our discarded clothing and curl back into my comfortable spot at his side. "I am sorry, you know," he says softly as he plants a kiss to my temple. "About Madge, I mean. I guess I was kind of doing it to get back at you. So it was pretty awful of me." I look up at his face, which is screwed up in shame. I reach up and stoke his face, smiling at him tenderly and genuinely for the first time in ages. "That'll teach me to be late, I guess," I say jokingly. Peeta smiles back. "Fashionably late. You are a Capital girl now." I screw up my nose in disgust. "Stop that. There's no need to add salt to the wound." Peeta chuckles. "Alright. You're right." As comfortable as I feel right now with him, I know I have to make the situation clear. I tuck my head back under his chin, and try to think of a way to explain this all to him. I settle for an easy, no misunderstandings statement. "This doesn't change anything, you know," I say softly, unwilling to look up and meet his eyes. "I'm not...this isn't what I want. Love, I mean. I don't really know if I'm capable of loving anyone, besides Prim." Peeta's quiet, and I wonder if he's alseep, until he responds in a voice so quiet I almost miss it. "I'm sorry. I guess I thought-" I flinch at his words, and cut him off quickly. "I know, Peeta. I'm sorry." He sighs then and wraps his arms around me to give me a quick hug. "It's okay, Katniss. I can wait. I'll wait forever, if I have to." I don't know how to respond to this, so I don't. And we lay there like that for a while, listening to the sound of each other's breathing and heartbeat until I find myself dozing off into slumber. When I wake up later that day, Peeta is gone. The bed is empty and cold where he was, so I know he's been gone for a while. I'm feeling slightly upset by this, until I look over at the nightstand to see a glass of water and a plate of Katniss flower shaped cookies sitting there with a note from Peeta. "Remember. I belong to you. You belong to me. I love you." For whatever reason, this note annoys me more than waking up to find him gone. It only reminds me of the anger I'd felt when I'd seen him with Madge. Maybe Peeta did belong to me, but did I really belong to him? Or was part of me still too tangled up in Gale to be free to give wholly to Peeta? And what about Prim? Didn't I belong to her too? I ponder this as I eat the gift from Peeta and drink the water, but I never really come up with the answer. I don't see Peeta again until after President Snow's visit, until the camera crews are around and we're embracing and falling into the snow, kissing. We don't talk about that day together, but there's an underlying tone whenever we're together, and every time we lock eyes I hear him saying it again. "I belong to you...and you belong to me." .x.x.x. Hey guys! Thanks for reading this. I was kinda bitten by this plot bunny when listening to one of Falling in Reverse's new songs "Fashionably Late". I was working on my next chapter for "Kindled Ember" and just couldn't get anything done with this chilling inside my head. Sorry about the bittersweet ending, but we know they end up together in the end anyway so I'm sure you'll all forgive me for that :) Sorry if there were any grammar or spelling mistakes, I'll go back through in a few days when it's old to give it a clean eye. But I couldn't wait to post it, had to share! If you liked this, check out my story currently in the works, "Kindled Embers". It's a "T" rated fic so I can have a wider base of people to read it, but I'll have a few things I'll post separately under "M" for those of us who like our toes to curl when reading our Everlark fics. 6/13/13-I got a few reviews about Peeta being OOC through his aggressiveness, so I went through and touched it up a little to tone down the "dom"...little too much "Fifty Shades" and Sylvia Day inspiration in there... :) I know it's a little harsh still for Peeta, but in my mind he's hit a major annoyance with Katniss and is confused and angry enough he's going to make her see what's between them. And honestly, that's just the kind of smut I like, take it or leave it! Also they thought Katniss was content in the end in Peeta's arms and then annoyed at the cookies, so I added an uncomfortable little bit there at the end between the two of them to make it clear that Katniss is still against an emotional relationship with Peeta. Hopefully that helps the emotions flow more for everybody! Thanks for the reviews, they help a lot :) Keep em coming, I'd love to know your thoughts. Kisses and love! Simply Abbey