cry out, "Please, don't go. Please." He doesn't hesitate when he gets into the bed and encompasses me in his arms. He doesn't ask questions, he just holds me as I fall asleep. But even his arms can't protect me from the screaming from districts falling into chaos in my nightmares. 6. Foxglove My mother encourages me to walk today and I jump at the chance to be mobile again. My legs are stiff and itch to move. She holds my arm in case I need it but I walk across the room and she gives me a nod of approval. She tells me that I should wait another day before going outside deems the injury healed. It takes all of my will power to not run down the stairs, to not run outside and feel the chill dirt on my feet. Snow is melting and the grass is fighting to get access to the warm sun. Peeta comes when I'm walking around the room, stretching my legs, and smiles wide at me. "Wow, you're looking so much better!" I'm beaming. "I brought you some more cheese buns." "Thanks!" I devour three before I notice Peeta looks a little sad. He must realize that I can't be contained inside anymore, that this is over. I realize that I feel sad too. But it's not finished quite yet. "You want to do one more?" He smiles. The foxglove is beautiful. It's a flower that looks like it's covered in little pastel bells. They grow in fields and look like decorative fences when they stand beside one another. Despite looking pretty, they are extremely poisonous. My mother treated a boy many years ago that came across the plant near the fence and developed a fatal case of pneumonia after inhaling the spores. I've never had any desire to go near one but I want to touch the petals as Peeta paints the tiny details. They are so soft, delicate. "How can something so pretty be so dangerous?" He muses. I shrug. "Everything seems dangerous nowadays. Pretty or not." He scrunches his eyebrows together. "I'd like to think there is more good in the world than there is bad. Good exists in a lot of things and people," he offers. "Like you." "Me? I make everything worse! Have you noticed the state of Panem?" I just stare at him. He must know that I've put him in danger, that following me is like quickest way to destroy any hope for safety. Loving me was the worst thing that could have ever happened to him. "I don't think you realize how good you are." I scoff and he shakes his head and closes the book. "I'm finished. Would you like to go downstairs?" I nod and we leave the room. He holds my hand down the stairs, claiming that he's worried about my balance but I know better. I also mourn for his arms carrying me, for the comfort and security that is now certain to shatter any day now. 7. Katniss I haven't seen Peeta for a few days and I'm feeling so incredibly lonely. I don't dare go into the woods despite that being one of the few places I feel like myself. Sometimes I take walks outside but I feel isolated, the people of Twelve afraid of me and the peacekeepers full of hate. I spend most of my time downstairs, waiting for Prim to get home while making small talk with my mother. It's almost worse now that I have no physical restraint and only fear holding me back. The box of wedding dresses sits in the hallway and taunts me when I walk by. I think the only part I'm going to like about being married is that I know he'll always be there. Maybe I can take him in the woods when everything calms down and he can sketch and paint from the plants themselves. But then I remember that happiness can't come for either of us. Not if Snow can help it. There's a loud knock at the door. My mother answers it and I can't see it who it is from where I'm sitting on the couch. But she cheerfully greets them and I perk up when I hear his voice. It's not long after that he comes to the living room, a basket in hand and a sweet smile on his face. "Hey," Peeta says. "Hey." I try to hide my delight that he's come back to visit. "What have you been doing these last few days?" He looks down at the basket, which has a cloth napkin covering its contents, and then back at me. "Actually I was making you something." He hands me the basket and I look up at him curiously. "More cheese buns, I hope?" He laughs. "I know better than to come over without cheese buns." I lift the napkin and take a bite out of one, still warm. I groan in a show of appreciation. I look back down and see that there is something else in the basket. A rolled up piece of paper? No, fabric. I take it out and glance at him. He's just watching patiently. I carefully unroll it. It takes a moment to register that the flower painted on the canvas is a katniss flower. It's beautiful, with delicate cream petals and colors blending seamlessly so that it appears to be almost real. I don't know what to say. "I wanted to make something that was just for you. So you know how much you mean to me," he says. "I know," I say, at almost a whisper. I hold the flower close to me. "You mean a lot to me, too." A chill runs through my body as the words escape and his smile registers deep inside me. I'm starting to realize that he's come to mean more to me than I thought was possible. And that scares the hell out of me.