space for him to lie on his side beside her, as he touched her, unbuttoning her shorts and pushing them around her ankles. She was hot and so wet as his fingers slid past the downy hair between her legs that was only faintly visible in the dim light. He pulled down the strap of her tank top and took her breast into his mouth as he softly rubbed circles on her clit. When her back finally arched off the wooden platform, the sound she made was so unearthly, he knew for certain it had to be real. Satisfied but not sated, she pulled him on top of her, her hand scrambling at the fly of his jeans. She was shaky enough from her orgasm that she couldn't unfasten the button, and he had to do it himself, lowering his pants to the middle of his calves. He didn't mind. Her hands scrambled at his back with a desperation that pushed him to the edge of frenzy. "Please," she whispered as he fumbled in his wallet for the condom and clumsily unwrapped it. "Peeta, please." Taking a deep breath, he positioned himself at her entrance. The music from the stage swelled, rolling around them in a landscape of sound. He pushed inside her, biting down hard on his tongue to keep the stars from exploding behind his eyes at the sensation of her around him. He focused on the rough wood that dug into his bare knees and slid his hands under her shirt, palming her breasts as he kissed her. She cried out, wrapping her legs around him, shorts flapping haphazardly around one of her feet. Her chucks were still on, and he could feel them digging into his lower back. For a single moment, he took a deep breath. He could feel everything. In any other situation the pain in his knees and back, the vulnerability of being discovered, all of it would be too much. But it wasn't. The angle was sharp, and his thrusts were shallow, but it didn't matter because he was so pent up it took every ounce of self-control not to come with every movement. He could feel her gyrating against him as he drove into her. "God, you don't even realize the effect you have," he babbled into her ear, pausing for breath. She clenched around him, and he nearly exploded. "Don't stop," she begged. He didn't. She crested the wave again when he came with a strangled noise he didn't even think to quiet. Collapsing on his elbows, he rested his forehead against hers, their heavy breathing mingling in a vortex between them. "Wow," he said softly after a long moment, as he rolled gingerly unto his back. Katniss' head lolled onto his shoulder. "You're pretty okay at that," she breathed. They lay there quietly for what seemed like a blissful eternity, listening to the music and the sound of each other's breathing. "I guess we should probably put our pants on now," he said at last. "Probably." He landed wobbly on his feet at the base of the tree, and promptly slammed into two entwined bodies. "Ahhhh!" Vick screamed over the sound of a feminine giggle. Katniss landed next to them, and in the faint light he could see her raised eyebrows as she took in the sight of Vick's mused hair and Rue's untucked shirt. Taking Katniss' hand, Peeta walked back toward the crowd. "Carry on you two," he said over his shoulder. "They broke up?" Peeta asked in shock as he used his shoulder to hold his phone to his ear. The pie crust he was rolling out was nearly ready. "Well, I mean, good for you buddy, but I'm telling you, unless you want a really public, work-related romance, you should probably move slow." He paused and then his brow furrowed, "Of course I know what I'm talking about. I've been dating the same woman for six months, and I took my time with that." Rolling his eyes, he flipped the dough from the table to the pie plate in a smooth, practiced motion. "No, that's not why I only have two clients. I only have two because the two of you are the only people in this town worth working with. Of course, I can always quit, if you don't stop annoying me." Grabbing a bowl of blueberries, he dumped them into the crust. "Of course I'm joking. You pay me too much for me to ever quit. Especially now that I'm freelancing. I really appreciate you paying Capitol the severance fee so I could work with you, by the way. That means a lot." The beeping of his line, indicating another call, disrupted his sentimental moment. "Well, I've got another call coming in, buddy. Keep me posted on your love life, as always. Hope the odds are in your favor," he chuckled, sprinkling the top of the pie with a crumb mixture. Dropping his shoulder, he caught his phone with one hand and deftly switched lines. Wedging the phone between his ear and his shoulder again, he lifted the pie and walked towards the oven. Leevy and GTA were arguing over the best way to decorate the wedding cake they were working on. In the back corner, Rue and Vick were… indisposed. "Knock it off, you two!" he called. "We have orders to fill!" "Hey," he said in a softer voice. "Sorry about that. What's up?" He paused, face lighting up, then he cried out with excitement. "She what? " The pie fell onto the floor and shattered into a million gooey pieces. In three strides, his apron was off and thrown on the counter. "I'll be there in ten minutes. Of course, I'll bring Vick. It's not every day he becomes an uncle, is it? Love you. See you soon." "Hey, do one of you mind cleaning this up?" he called out as he hung up, smiling wide. "Gotta go see about a baby."