already buried in the earth. Bristol catches up to him at some point. Gale thinks he's a good guy, and feels almost flattered when the older man makes a strong case to add Gale to his crew. The pitman looks Gale up and down once and asks if he can handle the newer rock. Not really knowing, Gale says he can. And just like that, Gale is a member of Crew 23. Bristol claps him on the shoulder and is promising to introduce him to the other guys when Gale hears her voice yell over the roar of the elevators. "Gale, wait!" She skids to a halt, some gravel spraying his shins, and he catches her arms, steadying her as she doubles over, breathing hard. "Catnip?" he asks. "I know the answer," she says. Breathing a little easier, she straightens up. Her dark hair is free from its usual braid and he reaches out to touch one wavy strand. "What answer?" he asks, confused. "What keeps people going when they're down in the mines." Then Katniss pulls his face to hers and kisses him. A real kiss that makes his head spin and his breath catch. When she wraps her arms around his neck and he finds her rhythm, twisting his fingers further into her hair and kissing her back with everything he has, he thinks he hears some catcalls and whistles and he thinks he doesn't really care. She pulls back and his eyes can't seem to leave her beautifully swollen lips, or seem to understand what just happened. "Come back up to me," she whispers. She looks up at him with a dusky haunted look and he can see where the fear he felt before has gone. She's taken it from him, made him see that she has a reason to be afraid too, and that she needs him to come back to her so she doesn't have to be. Gale kisses her once more, a long slow kiss that promises her he'll do whatever she asks. The whistle blows signaling the start of the shift and he holds her face between his hands, memorizing every last detail. Eventually, he has to go. When he boards the elevator, the men around him tease him mercilessly. "Something to look forward too, eh?" Bristol elbows him, a knowing smile on his old grizzled face. Gale smiles back. "Absolutely, sir." -silver He's dreamt about this for so long that now it seems almost unreal in its realness. That doesn't make sense at all, he thinks. His heart in his throat, her skin against his, the rush of heat between them. It makes perfect sense and yet, he can't believe this is happening. But it is happening. The blood pulses in his ears, and he wonders if she can feel his heart hammering away in his ribcage, they're so close. Gale's never had stage fright when it came to girls and sex. But Katniss was never just some girl . He thinks that's why he never asked her to the slag heap, never tried to taint her innocence with his own desires. And now she's looking at him like there's nothing but him, and them, and this moment. Then she touches her palm to his chest. He swallows hard against the spike of adrenaline that makes the thud, thud, thud of his heart beat ring even louder in his ears, and he knows she can feel it because she smiles up at him. As she places his hand over her own heart, the beautiful gray shines with something extra. It mesmerizes him, makes his heart sing. I trust you, the silver says. Show me. With no words, she tells him exactly what he needs. Gale leans in and kisses her until spots dance behind his closed lids, and tells her in his own silent way, that what he needs… is her. -sterling He wonders if she remembers that day as well as he does. Almost six years ago, when they sat overlooking the valley, sharing a stabbed loaf of bread and trying not to think about his forty-two slips or her twenty. When he asked her to run and she said something about never having kids. He wonders what she'd do if he said, "I told you so." At the thought, Gale huffs to himself, thinking of the petulant glare she'd throw his way and seeing the half-hearted fist aimed for his shoulder. She turns under his arm and looks at him with a slightly suspicious look. "What?" she asks. He wants to tell her, badly. Just to see if he can get that little rise out of her. But he doesn't. A little girl, the spitting image of his wife, darts past them, her dark hair streaming out behind her, her little hands clasping together when she finally catches up to her prey. "Mommy, Daddy!" she shrieks, her eyes aglow with absolute delight. "Look what I caught." She unfolds her hands slowly, the twinkling of the firefly just visible between the gaps in her tiny fingers. "Wow!" Katniss exclaims, her own eyes shining with pride and adoration. "That's the sixth one you've caught tonight!" His daughter beams at them, and then her smile fades and she takes on a suddenly serious look. Gale swallows. She looks just like a little girl he met in these woods almost twelve years ago. "But we always let them go," she says, gently unfolding her hands. The firefly flicks its wings once, twice, and then rises into the dusk. It hovers momentarily and glows its neon yellow before fading away and disappearing into the night. "That's right," Katniss says. "They're not ours to keep." "How do we know when they are?" At this, he feels Katniss shift away from him, until she's looking right in his eyes. Gale swallows, at the love and adoration he sees, the promises for tomorrow, and the happiness of yesterday. "When they always come back to you," Katniss says. ~Fin