over again. People just waiting to pick my brain, see the extent of how messed up I was. "Just leave me alone." I mumbled, standing up. "I just want to go home." I walked towards the exit, the crowd watching my every move. "Would you all get out of my way?" The crowd hesitated at my outburst and slowly filtered a path out of the train for me. Why was everyone so interested in me anyway? Who cares if I was the front runner of the rebellion, I didn't do it alone. I bet Cato wasn't getting the same treatment I was. Maybe it was because I was a freak, an abomination. I started my walk home, feeling slightly unsteady on my own feet. The sooner I was out of sight, the better I would feel. My head pounded at each step constantly reminding me of my breakdown. Stumbling into the house I spotted my mom. "It's about time you got home." She scolded, "The bakery isn't going to bake itself." I rubbed my head, listening to her voice and demands pushed me further on edge. "Shut the fuck up!" I shouted and walked past her. Slowly I made my way to my room, my head pounding even more; filled with Cato, Clove, Katniss, and my parents. My eyes started watering and I squeezed them shut and collapsed on my bed. My dad appeared next to me; a grim look on his face and a glass of water in his hand. "Peeta, what is going on?" This was the problem. I couldn't talk to him, not like how he said I used to. That part of me hated him, yet the new memories I have of him wants to tell him; leaving me at a stalemate. He must have given up on asking, his posture changing as he relaxed. "You've been out for a few days. We called in a specialist, someone who might actually know whats going on. We also told… Never mind." "Never mind, what?" I asked. "It doesn't matter." He answered handing me the glass of water. "All that matters is you and what's happening to you. Does this have anything to do with… Him?" I groaned and rolled away from him. "You can say his name you know, it doesn't matter if I hear it. Still has the same effect." "Well. Does it? You left to go see him and then you came back like this." It had everything to do with Cato, but not the way he was thinking. It had everything to do with everyone. "Can we not talk about this? I'd rather be left alone." "You've been alone for three years." My dad answered, "Maybe it's time for some help. The doctor should be here any time now." There was a knock at the door and my dad stood. "Maybe that's him." Cracking the door open my dad seemed surprised and whispered to the other person. "I'm not sure if right now is a very good time. Maybe tomorrow after he's seen the doctor?" "Can't I just see him? Why call me if you're just going to turn me away?" No, that voice. Why is he here? "We thought it would be best if you knew, we didn't expect you to jump on a train." My dad whispered, trying not to upset me even though I could hear everything. "You drop a bomb like that and you expect me to just sit around knowing he's in trouble? No offense, but I thought you knew I'd protect him the best I can." "And maybe the best way of doing that is by staying away right now." "No, it's okay. This might get him to open up a bit. Hello, Cato. I'm glad you're here." A third voice echoed through the cracked door. "If what you say is true, he won't open up. Maybe if he's forced to face Cato, something will happen. Although I already have my own theory, I'd like to test it." My dad shrugged and let Cato into my room. He sat down where my dad was sitting and tried to take my hand. I pulled it away, a sharp pain piercing through my skull. He looked hurt at my rejection but settled himself into the chair, rolling the black marble in his hand. The session was full of questions I didn't want to answer. Cato called me out on our meeting, saying that he thought I was trying. That the note I left had hope but now we were back at square one. He wasn't going to give up on me, even if I hated him until the end. The doctor noted each time I rubbed at my head, the pain throbbing. "I think that's enough for one day, Cato. Give the boy some time. I think I've come to a conclusion, and its what I initially thought." The doctor stood and walked to the door and waited for Cato to leave first. Cato hesitated, dropping the marble in my lap before he left. "What's going on doctor?" I heard my dad ask. "Well, it appears he's battling reality with what the Capitol implanted in his memory. The two are causing stress and essentially overloading his memory. That explains the pain he's experiencing." Couldn't they have at least shut the door so I didn't have to hear them talking about me? "The Capitol's intent was to use him was as a weapon to take out Cato. The sad truth, the Capitol didn't care what happened to him long term, probably hoping he'd die in battle." "So what are you saying?" Cato asked. The doctor sighed. "He wasn't supposed to live this long." A/N: It'll pick up, I swear. The two of them will have to face more than just Peeta's memory. In due time, the plot will unravel. Anyway, here's the first chapter since most people voted for a sequel. Hope you enjoyed. Again, stay patient. It will pick up.