life. And she wanted nothing more than to kneel. He lowered the waistband of his pants until his erection sprung free to bob slowly against his thigh. With his right hand, he lifted her head until she was looking in his eyes. The wild, feral man was still there in the almost predatory curve of his mouth, but his eyes were soft and questioning behind his glasses. Is this all right? they asked. Katniss smiled. He guided her mouth to him, fingers burying themselves in the base of her braid as he thrust past her lips. He was in control, but he was gentle, soft, as though he could, yes, most definitely hurt her, vulnerable and completely exposed as she was. But he wouldn't. In the face of such unique behavior, Katniss was overwhelmed with the need to make him feel good. She suckled him lightly, and then with more force, running her tongue up and down the ridges and veins of his cock, desperate to bring him to shuddering completion. And she could feel him getting closer and closer, as he told her how beautiful, how perfect, how precious she was. But nothing spoke so loudly to her as the raw desire she had seen in his eyes and the way he had to pause to control his thrusts. At the last possible moment, he stopped her, picking her up and swinging her over his shoulder, then taking the stairs two at a time. He kicked open the first door he came to, and then threw her on the bed, pulling her to the edge and spreading her legs very far apart. "Are you okay?" he asked softly, yanking open a drawer, pulling out a condom, and wasting no time in putting it on. She nodded, and he slid inside her. It was expected at this point that he would slam in all the way, fucking her as hard as he could until she exploded, which frankly wasn't that far off, she was so pent up and ready for him. But he didn't. Standing between her legs, his hips moved lightly with very shallow thrusts as his hand found her folds and teased them open to find her clit. "Reach up and grab a pillow, then put it under your hips," he instructed her as his finger moved in lazy circles that would have made it impossible to hold her legs open, had he not been doing it for her. With shaky hands, she grabbed a pillow and then lifted her hips. He helped her guide it underneath and then he was there. It made her feel like she had been turned into a black hole of need. The ridge where the head of his cock met the shaft caught against something halfway inside her that she hadn't even known existed, as his fingers softly toyed with her swollen clit. He told her she was stunning, but the words meant nothing in comparison to the steady, insistent throbbing of his flesh inside hers. With every thrust, she felt her body opening more to him, begging him to push further, go harder, but he held back, and watched her as she writhed before him. He looked as though he knew exactly what he was doing, but was still in awe that he was doing it. The world started to shrink until there was nothing but his fingers and the tip of his cock. Then there was nothing at all but pleasure that mounted and mounted until it swallowed up the world. She counted four orgasms, one after another, until she lost the ability to count. Then he was on top of her, slamming his hips so hard into hers that there was no question she would have bruises for days. His hands pulled her hips to him and held them steady as he breathed into her neck, his glasses pressing against her cheek. His breaths were controlled and steady at first, but with each thrust, they became more chaotic, until as she lay there, boneless, she knew he was on the edge. "You… feel… so… fucking… good," he choked out, grabbing her face and holding her gaze as he punctuated each word with a thrust of his hips. The groan that he made was inhuman, and she came again at the sound, clamping down around the entire length of him that was pressed so deeply inside of her she had no idea what it even felt like for them to be two separate beings. She could feel him pulse inside her as he found his own release. And then he collapsed, his body trembling violently against hers where it lay, motionless, for several long moments. "Katniss… I really, really like you," he mumbled drunkenly, pulling off his glasses and clumsily laying them on the nightstand. Her body was done, completely giving up on consciousness, but she muttered, "I like you too," right before she passed out. She meant it. They woke up hours later, wrapped in each other's arms in the mess of sheets and blankets that had once been his bed. The clock on the bed table said four am, but the sounds of a siren echoed through the house as a police car drove by and the red and blue flashes flickered in through the windows. He rolled off of her a little, then pulled her into him, so that his body was wrapped around hers. After several minutes of silence, during which they were both well aware that the other was awake, he sighed a little wistfully and said, "I'm not normally… that is to say… I um… I think we did that backwards." She rolled onto her other side, and propped herself up on her elbow to look down at him, brushing the hair out of his eyes in the low light from the street. "Want to do it again just to find out?" she murmured, smiling softly. He kissed her softly as he chuckled. "Always."