me, his erection at my hip and his lips on my skin while his body radiates heat next to me. My breathing is beyond labored now, and I'm wet and desperate beyond belief. This has to happen now before I combust. "Peeta," I pant, pressing my hip into his erection and giving it a gentle grind. Peeta pulls his lips from my breast and his hand leaves my core, sliding up to my hips. "I know, baby," he murmurs, pulling down my panties. And then he flips me onto my side again, his back pressed up against me with his erection at my ass. I half expect him to make a grab for my wrists again, but he doesn't. In fact, he does something quite the opposite. The tie is suddenly off my eyes and I'm blinded for a moment, the bright afternoon sun too bright despite the drawn blinds. We never draw the blinds, come to think of it. Had he been planning this? "Peeta..." I draw out, turning my head to meet his sheepish blue eyes. "The blinds?" He has the decency to look a little embarrassed as he slowly unbuttons his pale blue dress shirt. "I told you, that dress gives men indecent thoughts." "Uh huh," I mutter, distracted by the decadent skin he's exposing. "I suppose it must." And then all room for argument disappears as he tugs down his dress pants, boxers included, and kicks them to the foot of the bed. I love that he's discarded the pants and leaves the shirt on, as if he's in too much of a hurry to be bothered to remove unproblematic fabric. He's only unbuttoned the shirt enough that our skin can meet as he presses his chest up against my back again. He takes my long braid in his hand and uses it to pull my head to the side the way he likes, exposing the sensitive bit of skin on my neck. "Delicious," he groans, leaning down to suck my neck while his arm reaches to hook my knee over his arm, exposing my dripping core to him. I can feel his cock there, brushing against me teasingly without entering. "I love to taste you like this, after you've spent the morning outside. You're so amazing, baby." "Peeta," I sigh, pushing my pelvis back toward him anxiously. "Please." Peeta doesn't respond, and he doesn't need to. Instead, he presses forward, sinking into me smoothly. He goes slower than usual, savoring every inch as if he'll never get it back again. "Shit," he mutters, giving the skin he's been worshiping a quick bite. "Why is it every time feels like it's the first time?" I moan in confirmation, then say, "Because I love you as much now as I did then." Peeta slides in fully, then says, "I love you too, Katniss." His movements are smooth and we move together in perfect synchronization, this dance one that we've done a hundred times before. He knows the angle to move at to hit my sweet spot with each thrust and I know how to gyrate my hips the way he likes. And as we meet with each thrust, him pushing forward with me pressing back, I can't help but mirror his earlier statement in my mind. It truly is like the first time every time, the moment when we come together. It's moments like this I know I made the right choice when I promised to spend the rest of my life with this man, to be at his side forever. I know it every moment I'm with him, but it's never more apparent than in moments like this. "Peeta," I gasp, feeling the familiar, cliched coil spinning up to the point where I know it will soon snap. "I know," he murmurs as his lips move up the column of my neck to my cheek where he presses fervent kisses. "I can feel you." I whimper as he makes a minor adjustment to give himself a better grip on my hip. And then he hits that spot a little harder and the coil reaches its breaking point, just waiting for a cue to let it snap free. "Let go," he groans in my ear, giving the lobe a bite. "I'm right behind you, baby." And so I do. The coil snaps and everything inside me clenches and pulses, sweet release overwhelming me temporarily as I ride out my orgasm. The part of my mind that's still functioning coherently hears Peeta curse behind me as he finds his release too. When I finally stop vibrating against him I find he's stilled behind me, wrapping his arms contentedly around me as he pulls me to him, burying his face in my neck. And I suddenly can't help but realize how hot I am. "You know," I mutter, wiggling my shoulders at him in a pathetic attempt to dislodge my heavy husband, "this isn't doing a lot for the 'hot' factor from earlier." "Hm?" Peeta asks, still groggy from his orgasm. "Shall I get the ice again?" "I think not," I say in clipped tones, a betraying smile falling onto my lips. "Once was quite enough and I'm sure my dress is ruined." He lifts his head for a moment, taking in the dress that's pooled into a jumble of fabric around my waist. It's not really ruined, which he quickly ascertains, but I'm definitely going to need to take the thing off and wash it instead of wearing it for the rest of the day. It's an annoyance, but one I'm okay with at the moment. "That'll teach you to wear dresses like that," he mumbles, planting a soft kiss on my cheek as he says it. "Or maybe," I tease, turning to capture his lips in a kiss, "I'll just have to wear them more often." "Oddly enough, I'm okay with that," he says firmly. And then, finally, he lets his lips meet mine for a kiss.