a great relief but then she remembered something to her horror and it must of showed, cause Portia asked about it, looking straight at cinna she said "there's one more" she said hesitantly. "you also die cinna." if that wasn't the look that came over his face it was Diana's breaking heart to see him like that. "How" he finally managed. "you died by giving hints to katniss about the rebellion during the quarter quell, they came a little after you said it and killed you" Diana said chocking on the sob that she didn't want to come out, but she couldn't hold her tears for a man that she meet roughly four hours . Cinna looked down for a second and looked back at her face, taking her hand in his own and giving a light smile. "we know now and we can change things" he said with a grin Portia giggled and they began making plans. That night Diana stayed awake in bed, to restless to sleep from today's events, getting up she went to the window Portia kindly let Diana stay with her, looking at the lights all around her she couldn't help but think of her friends and a man with golden eyes. Maryanne pov Not to far away just four districts over, Maryanne awoke to find herself in an unknown room. with a glass window covering half the side of the wall, laying in an unknown bed that was shaped into a seashell and had white sheets and aquamarine bedspread. getting up she found she was no longer wearing her plain yellow dress but a bright blue green she began to panic. Rushing towards the door she opened it as quietly as possible. looking both ways of the hall she went straight down to her left, she stopped right outside a door when she heard talking leaning in she could make out a man and a women's voice. "just let her rest" the unknown women's voice said. "she's been sleeping all day she might be sick" replied the male. "There's nothing we can do but wait" the women scolded the unknown male voice. Maryanne wanting to get a better position to hear them talking, accidentally hit a small table that was right next to the door with a vase which was filled with seashells and sand, before she could catch it, it went shattering to the floor. "what was that" the women's voice said in worry, the door was thrown open reveling a very attractive man but Maryanne didn't sick around to get a better look, when she ran the other way looking for an exit. "Wait, stop!" the man yelled running after Maryanne, Maryanne was scared and confused "where am I?, why am I here, how come I'm here in the first place" she kept quizzing telling herself when she found a sliding door and opened it to find a beach with endless water surrounding it. Her shock of what she was seeing gave the man the time to get closer, Maryanne saw this and took off running again "lets talk about this!" the strange man yelled, getting closer and closer with each step. Maryanne was getting her feet stuck in the sand and not knowing where to go, she fell over drift wood of all things. the man grabbed hold of her around her waste and held her to him as she struggled. "let me go" Maryanne screamed. as tears gathered in her eyes and the next thing she knew was she was crying into his chest while he stroked her hair. He led her back towards the house with out even a struggle on her part, the women who was talking earlier was standing in the door way looking relived when they returned. "you poor thing lets get you something to eat" said the kind old women with grey hair but a kind smile on her crinkled face, sitting down at a table she was served what looked like fish salad. "Now tell me child how did you end up on the beach unconscious" she asked, Maryanne just looked at her thinking of what to say. "oh yes my names mags" the older women said looking embarrassed, Maryanne gave a small smile in return. "and that lump over there that saved you is finnick odair!" Maryanne knew those names anywhere they were part of her favorite hunger games book, " but how ?" she thought realizing they were waiting for her reply, she looked down in embracement and whispered her name quietly "my name is Maryanne." "Maryanne" mags said testing it out. "its a very pretty name" she said smiling. "Thank you" Maryanne replied. "now where you from I never seen you around here before." finnick said sitting right down next to her giving her a flirting smile . " I don't know." she replied still not looking up. "you don't know" mags said sounding confused. 'you wouldn't believe me if I told you " Maryanne thought. finnick leaning closer to her, waiting for a response. all Maryanne did was shake her head. "well, if you cant tell use then you can stay here" mags said and finnick hastily agreed. "Show her to her room" mags ordered " she had along day." "this way" finnick said offering his arm, which Maryanne hesitated. before she took hold as he lead her to the same room she first woke up in, as finnick turned away to leave Maryanne took hold of his sleeve, "thank you for all you done for me" her head bowed. finnick held a lopsided grin "I'd do it all again if I had another chance" finnick replied and at that she looked up, finnick seemed to hold his breath when he looked into her eyes, she gave a good night gesture and retired to her now room. "Good night" finnick whispered before heading back to mags. ~How you like it? no piper or Megan yet but just wait and see.