surprised when I'd woken twice during the night, the first time to the horror of my sister screaming in agony, flames twisting across her body, distorting her skin until she looked like a melted wax sculpture, small hands reaching out to me desperately, seeking help she would never get. A tall boy with bronze hair cackles evilly in the background, enjoying the torture. The second nightmare was less graphic but no less terrifying. I was stood in a meadow with a stocky boy with mussy, curly blond hair. He's got his back to me, the breeze is playing through his hair and he's so beautiful I can barely breathe. Then he looks at me, those blue eyes burn into mine and suddenly I'm writhing in agony in the grass, clutching at my chest, trying to stop the burning, oh the burning...then it's over, and I wake up, soaked in sweat all twisted up in my bedsheets. I stifle a yawn with the back of my hand. I'm currently dressed in my poshest knee-length navy crepe shift dress that cost me a week's salary when I first started working in the department. I even shaved my legs in preparation for the lunch this afternoon, wearing my black stilettos that make a satisfying, attention-grabbing 'click'ing noise when I walk down a corridor. From the neck down I look smart, from the neck up I need some serious work. Luckily I have almost 4 hours until my first meeting...wow, that's a depressing thought. I swipe myself in to the building and instantly a smile cracks my face as I see the doorman at the desk. "Hey, Otis." "Why Miss Everdeen!" greets Otis, an ageing security guard who takes the night shifts, regularly meeting me at this time of the morning. "Another early start, child?" "Unfortunately so, lots to do and not enough hours in the day! How are you? How's Lavinia's bronchitis?" I ask, enquiring about Otis's wife whose illness has been getting progressively worse the past few times I've spoken to him. Despite only knowing him for a couple of years, only seeing him in passing, I've grown attached to him and his family. Otis's face falls slightly before he catches himself and shrugs slightly. "Same as ever, I'm afraid. She's in the hospital today, in fact, just a regular check-up. Thanks for asking. When she's feeling a bit brighter she'll make you another batch of sugar cookies, I know how you like them!" I laugh, nodding my head eagerly. I'd been waiting for this. Lavinia's sugar cookies are something else entirely. "If I can put in a request can I go for a batch of the little woodland creature ones? Especially the little rabbits, I love the little rabbits." Otis laughs and claps his hands together, nodding vigorously. "Of course, of course! She'll be more than happy to oblige, I'm sure." "Oh, well that has most certainly brightened my day and given me something to look forward to. You look after yourself, Otis, and wish Lavinia the best from me. Hope her hospital appointment goes well." I squeeze Otis's shoulder with a smile before making my way over to the lifts, pressing the button for the 6th floor and looking at my tired face in the unforgiving mirror. I hate lift mirrors. There's something about the lighting that just makes everything look a million times worse. Those flyaway hairs look almost silver in this luminescence, and I look beyond washed out with deep shadows under my eyes betraying my exhaustion. I sigh deeply and make my way out of the lift to my office, sitting behind my desk and pulling out my make-up case. Time to get to work. xxxxxxxxxxxx "Good morning, Katniss!" I jump and look up from my computer screen, looking over at the door where Sarah is stood with a freshly made cup of something hot. As she comes toward me I can smell the rich aroma of coffee, beautiful, freshly ground, piping hot coffee. I moan slightly and reach out both hands toward her imploringly, opening and closing my hands as a child would when beckoning for something. Sarah smiles and hands the cup across the desk. I take a deep slurp, I don't care that I actually slurp, it's completely worth it. I smack my lips together and nod appreciatively. "God, you are good, Sarah. I knew I was drawn to you in interviews for a reason! Maybe we ought to make coffee making part of future interviews...in any case, what time is it?" "It's 10 to 9, your 9am is already here, I just thought I'd better give you some time and some caffeine to prepare you." "You are very thoughtful, and completely right," I set the coffee cup down and pick up a compact mirror. I've managed to make myself look like I got a decent amount of sleep last night. As much as I hate wearing make-up, the one thing I found out as soon as I started working here was that make-up was a pre-requisite. Double standards would have seriously rankled the old Katniss, but here it's just par for the course. New Katniss spends $50 on a pot of cover-up. "I'll send him in," says Sarah with a smile, walking out of the office and I stand up, smoothing down the front of my dress and examining the toe of my shoe with a sinking feeling. The black leather was unmistakeably scuffed – when did that happen? I'm sure that wasn't there this morning...I curse under my breath. I'm so caught up that I don't hear the footsteps enter the room until I hear a sharp intake of breath. My head snaps up rapidly and I involuntarily step backwards, the backs of my legs hitting the edge of my desk as my hand flies up to cover my mouth. A pair of bright blue eyes stare back at me, equally as wide and as shocked as my own. "P... Peeta? "