burned by the hands of the rebels, we will show them even the strongest cannot overcome the power of the…" Snow was interrupted by gunshots and five peacekeepers that dropped dead on the ground. Everybody started panicking and running around different direction, while the peacekeepers try to, unsuccessfully, locate where the attacker is. Snow can't seem to get his bearings enough to stop the broadcast he makes a beeline for the mansion; flanked by peacekeepers. One of his guards fall drop dead on the ground, which leaves him exposed to an easy shot. Everybody's on their feet in anticipation as to what will happen next. A shot was fired, but it hit the part of the wall, where snow's shoulder should have been. Snow's inside the mansion already, but majority of the peacekeepers are still searching for the attacker. Out of nowhere, a canister is thrown in the middle of the peacekeepers. There's an explosion, but this one's different because smoke came out instead of fire. Suddenly the smoke clears out slowly and as it does all of the flags with the capitol seal start burning down; replaced by black flags with my mockingjay symbol. We're all stunned into silence. Has a rebel really been able to infiltrate the capitol and get that close to assassinating snow? The broadcast ends with four more peacekeepers dropping dead on the ground, but the cameras managed to catch a glimpse of a black figure fleeing the streets; shrouded by the dark corners. We're all frozen into silence; trying to process what just happened in the broadcast. The silence stretched on and only Peeta was the one who was able to break it. "That's him" . Peeta's POV Almost everybody was silenced by the broadcast. One second, snow was making his speech and the next the whole scene just tumbled into chaos; gunshots being fired, peacekeepers dropping dead on the ground, people screaming and panicking, and snow nearly being shot in the side. Before the broadcast cuts off I spot a familiar figure fleeing in the dark corners of the streets. My eyes instantly zoom in on the figured and I'm jolted back to a scene that happened a few hours ago. I was strapped to a metal table with restraints in a cell underground. I didn't know what they did to me, but at the time I was thinking that Katniss was a mutt and that she killed my family and friends, that she was an enemy that I couldn't trust her. it was really confusing, everything didn't make sense in my mind, but All I could register was to kill Katniss on sight. I was awaiting another session of torture when a man in white came in with a syringe and a screen on top of a table. I knew that it was time again for my torture, but the man in white suddenly dropped to the floor and a man wearing a black trench coat and a hat suddenly entered with a syringe at hand. My eyes widened at the new comer, but I managed to catch sight of the two guards that were lying unconscious outside my cell. he whispered something in my ear; a name. "Katniss" My mind went to the strangely intense memories of her that made me go berserk into a flurry of screams and struggles. I feel the syringe enter my arm and as the contents entered my body, the intense memories suddenly calmed and became clearer. I could remember everything about Katniss now; the first hunger games, the quarter quell, the nights on the train. It didn't trigger any fear. Whatever they did to my memory of her was suddenly fixed by this man in black. "That's him" I whisper in astonishment. "Who is it?" Katniss asked looking at me quizzically. "That black figure it's him, he's the one who cured me in the cell, before I was knocked out" I blurt out in astonishment. Soon enough, all eyes were on me; waiting for further explanation. "What do you mean cured you?" Plutarch asks in bewilderment. I bite my lip and look at Katniss. What would she do if she found out about my hijacking, would she avoid me. Well, that would logical, but would she shut me out and never trust me again. Either way, I have to tell her, no matter what the consequences may be. "Back in the capitol, Snow wasn't just torturing me. He was doing something that he had a name for" I explained. I look down at the table; not willing to see the expressions on their faces "He would make me watch clips of Katniss and I, then he would inject me with tracker jacker venom to make me hallucinate and to infuse the memory with fear" "hijacking" says haymitch, but he sounded more puzzled, than alarmed. I nod my head at the familiar word. "that went on for the next few weeks" I say "until one day that guy" I point to screen with the picture of the black figure. "knocked out my guards and injected something into me that sort of…cleared the memories of Katniss, soon after knock out gas made me lose my consciousness" I say, still looking down, but Katniss never released my hand. "It's true" says Beetee who was equally puzzled by what I just said. "impossible as it may seem, but your memories of Katniss seemed to have been cleaned. I ran a test, while you were unconscious" "Well if that's true, don't you think that this man is on our side?" Katniss says. "it's possible, but it may be a trap" Coin says. "if it is, then why did he cure peeta? If this was all a plot, then don't you think it would be easier to use peeta, while he was hijacked" Plutarch says. However you look at the situation, one thing's for certain; someone's looking out for us, we just don't know who it is. Reviews=love Skullcandyklive-until next time