was he was doing. The memory makes me smile and giggle to myself. Then I realize he's still standing in front of me. "What's so funny?" He asks with a grin. "Nothing," A frown quickly crosses my face and I turn away stalking out the hall and back to my room. I can't believe him. Flirting with me when he had a girlfriend. Although, I don't know when exactly he and her got together, he could've been single when he was flirting with me. But that doesn't make sense, why would he flirt with me like that and then get someone else as a girlfriend? Either scenarios it hurts me, and I don't like it. I have to stop liking him so much. "Dinner time!" Meena calls out as she treads down the hall. I get off my bed reluctantly and follow our escort down to the dining car. There's a man sitting at the table when we get there, he's a stranger to me, also at the table is Drake, every time I look at him I'm reminded we'll have to kill each other. Although there's a good chance one or both of us will be killed by another tribute before ever having to face each other, but still, the thought reeks my mind. I take a seat next to my best friend, sitting across from me is Tianna, and next to her Kenniathan, at the end is the stranger and next to Drake is Meena. I begin to recognize the man at the end, I think he's the District 8 mentor, Woof. I decide that's who he is and then turn to my empty plate. Some people enter the room carrying tray after tray of delicious looking food. I stare as they place it all in front of us. "And we can have as much as we want?" I ask Meena, then realize that was probably a dumb question. She laughs and says, "Indeed, you may have your fill," Drake and I exchange excited glances and then politely take some food. I'm smart enough to know that if I wolf it all down like the starving child I am I'll throw it up later. So I slowly eat, and I know not to eat too much or I'll throw that up later as well. "Mm, Kat, you gotta try this," Drake hands me a small piece of bread stuffed with grapes and cheese and more things I can't name. I take a bite. It melts in my mouth, the warmness of the bread combined with the juiciness of the grapes and the flavor of the cheese makes it wonderful. "Mmm," I mumble in pure pleasure. "Good eh?" Drake says smiling at my happiness. "Try this," I say giving him a spoonful of cranberry sauce. He lights up at the taste, Drake has always been the one to throw out ideas about what food would taste good with other food. He loves cooking and would do it if he could, but our poor living conditions and the lack of food we're allowed forbids him from being able to enjoy making good food. "Are you sure there isn't something between you two?" Meena just has to ask. "Meena, Drake is like a brother to me, we've grown up together, I wouldn't want to date my brother would I?" I talk to her like she's five. She acts like she's five how else can I talk to her? At my last sentence I couldn't help but glance at Kenniathan, who was already looking my way. "So, you're all my ducky's this year," Woof speaks up from his place at the table. "Got any advice?" Kenniathan asks curiously. "Yes, the most important thing-" Woof adjusts his sitting position before going on. "Don't die," Kenniathan and I laugh but no one else seems to find it funny. Woof just grins. "Looks like we got a couple o' comedians," He notes looking to me then Kenniathan. Meena clears her throat and mumbles something about him being senile before leaving. "You look like a good lot, I think you'll do fine," Woof says with a grin. "Except, her," He points to me. My heart skips a beat. "She'll win," He says. "Th-thank you," I say surprised. "Alright, I'm taking a bath," I'm starting to think Meena might be right about him being senile. He stands and leaves, I notice he hasn't touched his food. Drake and I look to each other and shrug before going back to eating our food. I think I ate more than I should've. I didn't eat too much, but just enough to feel fat. Which is probably good, I need to gain some weight, I've always been a skinny person. I walk to my room with Drake by my side. "If you need anything-" He taps his door which is only a few feet from my own. "I'll be here," He whispers. I nod thankfully. He pulls me in for a hug before entering his room. As I enter my temporary room I shut the door and flop down on the bed. I don't bother changing my clothes I just sleep in what I've got on. I lay there for awhile trying to fall asleep. I keep thinking of Kenny, and how much I've fallen for him, and how much it hurts to know he's got someone special, and what if I have to go up against him in the arena? Would I be able to kill him? Or would he kill me first? He's hurt me enough, killing me would be merciful. What a horrible thought. My eyes start to close and I slowly drift to sleep, the light from the window fading in my mind. p.s. My other story, A Guide To Shadow Bending, I encourage you all to read that if you haven't already, it helps you learn more about the Shadow Bender Katna is, I love this idea so much! Hehe I'm having too much fun!