more to myself and only called her out on her gossipy ways when they began to ware on my nerves. Luckily, the lines moved quickly and soon I was holding out one of my hands to the peacekeeper in the front as he took a blood sample and allowed me into the roped off area where I would stand. I had been watching the reapings from other districts all my life and it always annoyed me to see such fear and disorder in the lesser districts. Our district showed up and this was treated like any other social gathering where the two eighteen year olds who were selected to volunteer were congratulated and everyone talked amongst ourselves until it was time to begin. This year was no different as I talked with the group of girls who had surrounded me in the sixteen year old section. I wasn't close with anyone. They might have considered me among their friends but they were merely acquaintances to me. I just spoke with them to pass the time despite the conversation not being all that interesting to me anyway. Finally, we were called to attention as the mayor took the podium and began his speech. We all fell to silence as the man spoke into the microphone on stage. This was the dullest part of the whole ceremony. It was the same speech year after year and I found myself reciting it in my head word for word as Mayor Lawson spoke the words aloud. It was safe to say that I had more or less zoned out. That is until our escort had more or less skipped up to the podium and had begun to speak. "It is such a pleasure and honor to be here with you in District Two today!" The district was silent. We all watched as the excitable man took the stage. He is a plump man with orange colored skin. I never understood why the Capitolites felt the urge to dye their skin all the colors of the rainbow but it seemed that this was just another oddity from them that I would never understand. The escort then called out loudly, causing his shrill voice to echo through the square. There was really no need for him to yell since the microphone was on and made even the calmly spoken words of the mayor to be heard without issue. Yet, he seemed to feel the need to make himself even louder. I prayed this was over quickly. "Let's do something different this year and draw our male tribute's name first, shall we?" He asked the question like it was the most exciting thing ever, and as if we actually had a choice anyway. Everyone just applauded quietly, showing that they agreed it would be a fine change of pace. Not that it honestly mattered whether we liked the idea or not. He seemed ecstatic about the response and hurried over to the blue rimmed fish bowl. He dipped his hand inside the bowl and fished around. A slip of paper with a name written on it was held between his chubby fingers as he pulled his hand removed from the bowl. The escort slowly opened the slip and began to speak the name on it. He didn't even have a chance to get out the first syllable before another voice overpowered his. "I volunteer!" I noticed the boy to be the one chosen from the group of eighteen year olds from the academy. He was massive and I knew that he was one of the best in the academy as far as swords and hand to hand combat went. Though, he was terrible with ranged weapons. Maybe it was a little odd just how much I knew about my peers who went to the training academy. Yet, I just thought that it was being prepared. They were all my competition after all. And they would continue to be just that until I was a victor. Wilhelm clapped his hand as he discarded the paper and turned his attention to the volunteer. The massive boy then took his place on stage and the whole square was filled with the thunderous sound of every citizen clapping loudly. He was obviously a favorite of the district as any chosen volunteer should be. The volunteers chosen carried the pride of our district on their shoulders. "Well, well, well! This is exciting! Panem would love the pleasure of knowing the name of our District Two tribute?" "Mason Diolas." Mason spoke simply his name as a smirk was worn on his face. The man who was our district escort clapped once again, he honestly was like an overly excitable child. Then he bounced his way over to the girls' bowl and dipped his oddly orange colored hand into the glass bowl to fish around in the slips of paper. Within a few seconds I heard the man's too high voice calling out. "Calixte Emerson!" And when my name was called everyone fell silent. I expected for the girl who had been chosen, Meredith Romano, to immediately call out that it would be her competing but instead she remained silent. With that, I stood proudly as I made my way through the crowd. Friends, or rather acquaintances, patted my back and congratulated me as I went past. All of the previous victors easily hid their looks of surprise as I forced myself to as well. This was very odd for my district but I will not be one to let my family down. I will make my father and brother proud. I am the female tribute for the 92nd Hunger Games. AN: So, what do you think? This is my first shot at writing anything like this and I do hope it turns out well? I am open to constructive criticism and also I would love to hear any ideas you guys might have for arenas and such? Let me know what you think!