of great power, you're supposed to be upholding the law. Not beating him, I-I… don't you dare touch him!" The only response was a short laugh, the Gamemaker's eyes focusing in on Pavel far too well for the young boy to look away. He ran a hand through the Victor's hair before he could pull away, looking him over. "I have no idea what they've been telling you back in District Six," he snapped, harshly, before looking at the man huddled into a ball on the floor, pointing at him harshly. "Anakin is an Avox . I'm well within my rights. And you, Pavel, would do best to excuse yourself from this house now. Otherwise I might advocate on the President's request that we start listening to the demand for you. Would you like that, Pavel? To be a filthy whore? " Pavel looked back at the small ball, flinching harshly at the man's very obvious threats. Hearing it… It made him feel sick. There was a… a demand for him? He was a teenager, barely seventeen as of April this year… why would anyone want him? He knew that the Gamemaker only tried to have sex with him because he was a creep, but… the rest of Panem? Why would they ever actually want him? Pavel… he never considered him attractive. "N-no," he whispered weakly, wiping his eyes, before crawling back towards Ana. Raising his arms in defense of Ana, Pavel glared down the man the best he could from his position. "I-I wanted to be a Peacekeeper… wanted to protect the innocent. I-I won't give up now. Ana… he doesn't deserve to be abused. So… so… fuck you!" All he could do was try and push Pavel up from where he was on the floor, staying in front of him protectively, so much that Anakin thought he could even feel some tears building in his eyes, wrapping his arms around himself as he struggled to get Pavel to look at him, tapping the boy's shoulder and grabbing his hand, pulling him closer. When their eyes met, all he could do was mouth the silent command to him. Leave. Please. "N-no!" He repeated, too quietly that he didn't think that the Gamemaker could even hear him at this point. Pavel refused to leave him- never. If he was being abused, he had to protect him. When the Peacekeepers came here, he'd tell him and would help get the boy out of here. "If… I won't. It's not fair. Don't let him… won't let him hurt you, Ana…" He's almost too worried- too much to say anything, and it's only when the door is bursting open behind him, when he can hear the footsteps of peacekeepers, and Pavel murmuring words in his ear- that he finally manages to pull himself away, looking up to Pavel as the boy is pulled up from where he's lying on the floor, taken toward the door by the peacekeepers, can still hear him crying, saying his name… And it's only when the door closes that he's pulling himself to his feet, leaning over and letting his robe fall open as his hand slips to the band around his chest, pulling the slim object from the side… And before anything else can be said, he's burying the blade in the Head Gamemaker's chest with a groan of something that's almost… satisfied. It all fucking hurts. Pavel didn't stop the tears leaking down his face, pushing his face further into Surah's softer chest, fists twisting in his mentor's shirt. He couldn't stop even if he wanted to or not, unleashing all of his emotions from the evening. It wasn't fair, not for poor Ana that ended up getting left behind- was probably getting beat right now, crying and huddled on the floor in pain because he couldn't convince the Peacekeepers release him. "S-Surah," he finally said after a long time, looking up at the older man with bloodshot eyes. "The Gamemaker… he… he forced me. S-said they were gonna make me a…" He couldn't force himself to say the word. The look on the former mentor's face is one of trepidation, sucking in his breath, startled and unsure of what he should say. Nobody- let alone Pavel's age- should ever have to go through a trauma like… this. No, not when there was so much else going on- so many other ways the Capitol could project themselves… He wants to curse the fact that he has to say it. "A lot of the victors… have been… sold out. In the way that the gamemaker projected to you… Pavel, I'm so sorry. There's nothing anyone can do, not if it's what the Capitol says… you know that as well as anyone." He draws in another soft breath. "Do you know what happened? After you left?" Pavel shook his head, biting down on his hand and closing his eyes so that he could pretend he was some place far away. He didn't like the sound of what Surah said… prostitution was illegal; a well known fact that he was reminded of almost daily. The Capitol couldn't get away with it just because they were the Capitol. "N-No…" he admitted, pulling himself closer to the older man, now practically sitting on Surah's lap as he felt his hand brush his hair. "I-I… tell me what happened. Did they kill Ana?" "No…" Surah bit down on his lip, trailing off. "The Gamemaker's dead. And… I don't think I can tell you what's going to happen to your… acquaintance. I just know that… whatever happens, it's the Capitol. Nobody deserves what they do. But that gamemaker got what was coming to him… for what he did to you." They're going to kill Ana, that was all Pavel could think, repeating in his head a million times before it actually clicked. Further curling up in a tight ball, Pavel moaned out, tears further falling down his face freely,"I-I want to go home…"