hand in peace while he tossed his drink back and stood up and scooted his way out of the booth. "Hand on hang on we aren't going and beat this guy up alright?" "Why the hell not?" Clove whined. "I wore these shoes specifically for ball-kicking!" Subconsciously Finnick, Gale and Cato all discreetly placed their hand over their crotch, just in case she decided to get some practice in. After a couple more drinks to get everyone loosened up they all left the bar tipsy, but still sober enough to remember their mission. Finnick was the first to spot Peeta Mellark and nudged Gale by his side. "There, across the street that looks like the guy." He pointed at Peeta who held two heavy looking garbage bags, one in each hand and looked to be taking the day's trash out to the dumpster at the side of the building. Gale scowled as soon as he laid eyes on the unsuspecting man and immediately crossed the street, everyone else following after. "Hey. You." Gale called out, gaining the man's attention. The man paled as soon as he saw then entire flock of people, who looked angry, stalking up to him. "Yeah?" "You Peeta Mellark?" Gale asked, trying to be polite but how can he when this was the man he saw his ex-girlfriend getting friendly with? "Yeah. Who's asking?" Cato snorted and cracked his knuckles, walking up behind Gale and scowled at Peeta. "Say the word and I'll shit him up so bad, man. Just say it." Finnick placed a placating hand on his shoulder; the last thing they needed while reeking of alcohol was Cato going and beating someone to a bloody mess. How would they explain that to the police? If anyone had the right to go ape-shit-crazy it was Gale; at least he had an explanation. "My girlfriend cheated on me with you." Gale stated with a sneer. "Sorry. My Ex cheated on me with you." Peeta's face fell and he dropped the bags to the ground. "Wait what?" Cato scoffed arrogantly. "You heard him dipshit." It was then both Glimmer and Clove moved to seal off the only available exit, making Peeta back against the brick wall. "He looks like he doesn't know." Clove mumbled, almost sounding sad. It was the truth though, Peeta did look complexly stunned by the information that he was the other man and Katniss was in fact dating this man in front of him. He swallowed thickly and glanced at the people surrounding him. "Look…I didn't know." He appealed to Finnick, the most sympathetic looking of them all. Finnick shook his head and pointed at Gale who crossed his arms. "It's him you should be talking to." "You really didn't know?" Gale stared at Peeta and sighed. "Alright…I guess we can't beat the shit out of you if you didn't know." "What?!" Cato gaped. "Are you fucking me?! H-" Gale glared at Cato looming over him. "You didn't let me finish! Glimmer, go make sure our little baker's store is empty. Cato? Grab him." He grinned darkly and jostled Finnick standing at his side. "We've got a little revenge to execute." OOO After securing the front and back doors Gale and his entourage got to work executing his revenge; though it was slow going since Glimmer and Clove made sure to slip the bartender a hefty slip to get a full bottle of whiskey. They spent the better part of two hours decorating the baker and drinking and only finished up when the bottle was empty. Completely wasted Gale leaned heavily on an equally drunk Cato and grinned. "That… that is…a fuckin' masterpiece!" He declared loudly. "WHHAAHOOO!" Glimmer held up the empty bottle of whiskey and was about to smash it over a terrified Peeta's head but luckily-or unluckily- Finnick grabbed the bottle just in time. "Let's clear out!" He yelled over the loud laughter and overall drunkenness of his friends. He was the only one that still had his sense about him, though he was slightly tipsy; he knew better than to leave his friends completely un-chaperoned. Especially with Cato hanging around and Gale in that particular state of mind. "Shoulda…shoulda taken a damn picture…" Cato mumbled as both he and Gale tried to walk through the open door at the same time. It didn't end well, they both fell into the street with the laughter of Glimmer and Clove right behind them. "Fuck…" Gale mumbled around a yawn and rolled over to stare up at the twinkling stars about. "Nice…" "Get up!" Clove hissed and stepped over their sprawled bodies. "We could be…what's-fuckin' arrested!" She almost fell on top of Gale but Finnick caught her arm just in time. "Seriously guys, get the hell up." Finnick hauled Gale up by the neck of his shirt, cringing as his whiskey laced breath blew right into his face. "Pass out at my house you idiot! Move before someone calls the damn cops!" It was because of that threat they all managed to get up and stumbled their way in the general direction of Finnick's house, leaving the front door to the bakery completely unlocked. After all they had completed their mission and were now on their way to some well deserved sleep followed by a very big, very hearty breakfast. And that was how Peeta Mellark ended up lying tied down to the counter top in his own family's bakery covered in flour, frosting and sprinkles with a loaf of bread shoved into his mouth and the word lucky sloppily written across his forehead in spray cheese. And that is exactly how his mother found him the following morning when she went to open up the shop. "Peeta!" She gasped and stared at her son in shock. "Mmmohhmm!" He struggled against the bindings and stared at her pleadingly, begging her to help him. "Peeta…you spelled 'lucky' wrong." Didn't Love Him ~ End Reviews are encouraged. All constructive and unconstructive criticism is welcome.