only the light coming from the moon. The temperature has dropped dramatically as well and when I breath, I can see my breathe coming out in small puffs. My hands shake from the coldness and I bring them up to rub my arms. I'm freezing. " Katniss," I hear again in a harsh whisper and suddenly, it's all around me. It's coming from all directions now. What the hell is going on? Everywhere I turn, I hear my name. Katniss….Katniss….Katniss…. "Katniss!" I joult awake. Haymitch is standing over me. "Jesus, girl. Do you know how hard it is to wake you up?" he growls out, obviously annoyed. I was dreaming. My hands come up to cover my eyes. It's still light out and I try to rub the sleep out of my eyes. "Sorry. I must've fallen asleep." "No shit." I glare at him, "Was there something you needed?" "Phone call," he says and walks out of the room. I huff, irritated he didn't tell me as soon as he woke me. I walk out to the hallway where the closest landline is, wondering who could be calling me. No one knows this number. It's not even in my name. The old owner kept it for Haymitch to get a hold of him if he needed to. They never disconnected it for some reason. "Hello," I say, bringing the phone to my ear. There's cackling on the other end of the line and then nothing. "Hello?" I try again. The cackling continues, but no words are audible. It's a bad connection so I hang up and wait to see if whoever called calls back. After a few minutes I give up and walk away. I walk out of the house in search of Haymitch to ask him who was on the phone. The sun is setting and I see no sign of him as I round the porch. I can't find him and I really don't feel like looking everywhere, so I head back inside. My impromptu nap exhausted me, so I decide to have a light dinner and call it a night. After dinner I take a bath to calm my nerves from the dream earlier. It had felt so real. Now that I can think straight without the haze of sleep clouding my mind, I can't help but wonder why the dream felt so real. I don't even remember falling asleep. I've never in my life had dreams like that before. The stress of everything that has happened to me this year is getting to me. It's the only explanation. Climbing out of the bath, I dry myself off. Once I dress I give myself a once over in the mirror. There's really not much to me. My skin is clear at least, probably from not ever wearing make-up. I'm not ugly but I am nowhere near beautiful. I'm a plain Jane and I'm alright with that. Turning the light off, I leave the bathroom, shut the door and climb into bed. I couldn't have been asleep for more than a couple of hours when I'm awoken. I'm not sure what woke me up, but when I open my eyes I am understandably confused. The light to my connected bathroom is on and the door is open. I could've sworn I turned the light off and closed the door when I was finished with my shower. I move to sit up and realization hits me quickly. I can't move. My arms, legs, my whole body will not move an inch no matter how hard I try. I panic and it's getting hard to breath. The only body part that seems to be functioning are my eyes. They dart back and forth, moving very quickly in my panic. What the hell? My head is resting on my right hand from the position I fell asleep in and it starts to shake from how hard I'm trying to move it. Out of nowhere, I feel a presence to my left. Suddenly, I stop trying to move. My body relaxes completely. I have gone from completely panicking, to completely comfortable. I feel a hand against my cheek, caressing my face gently. My eyes drift closed as I feel the presence from before move closer. A strand of my hair is tucked back behind my ear. My body feels more relaxed than it's ever been in my life. All of a sudden, I feel a pressure against my lips. Like a soft kiss coming from a new lover. It feels wonderful and I exhale out of my nose. The phantom lips keep their place against mine as the ghost of the hand continues to stroke my cheek. The hand starts to slide down my neck and moves down to my collarbone and is about to move lower when a loud female voice cries. "LEAVE HER ALONE!" I'm suddenly sitting up in bed, breathing hard. My hands automatically cup my cheek and stroke my lips where I felt this… being. I turn to look to my left where I first felt the presence. It's gone. The rest of the night is uneventful. Despite having woken so suddenly, I was surprisingly able to fall into a restful sleep without incident. Between my struggle to cope with the accident and the dreams I've been having, my nights had been restless. It was a dream. It had to be a dream. There is no other explanation. But the light of the bathroom is still on and the door wide open. Just as it was in my dream. The question of if it was a dream or not is still haunting me. It felt so real. The kiss felt like a real kiss. For some reason this notion doesn't frighten me. It freaks me out a little bit, but the event itself didn't scare me. It was… nice. AN: Thank you for reading. Feedback is muchly appreciated Join me on tumblr. supersudzissecretlyamellark (personal blog) slagheapwhore (writing blog)