Friday afternoon that Peeta tells me he has a surprise for me. "What kind of surprise?" I ask with a concerned look on my face. "The kind of surprise that requires me to go to the grocery store before tonight." Peeta quips. After giving him directions to the closest supermarket he leaves me in my room to go on his errands. Before he left I gave him my cell phone number just in case he got lost but after about an hour I received a text from him telling me he needed me to be out of the room when he got back or else it would ruin the surprise. By now I'm really nervous but I find that now is as good of time as any to practice for the archery tournament in a few weeks, so I head off to the gym. I spend about 45 minutes at target practice, hitting every bullseye that I'm given, before I pack up and head back to the room. I stop myself just as I'm leaving the building and shoot Peeta a text telling him I'm on my way. Even though I'm nervous about this supposed surprise I'm still excited that he's planning something for me. I've got the same butterfly feeling in my stomach I had the night he picked me up to go to the bonfire with his friends. The anticipation of seeing exactly what he has in store for me has me all but running back to the dorm. I get back to the dorm and Peeta is nowhere to be found. However I do find a note on my desk from him. Hey Beautiful Get cleaned up then meet me on the lawn in front of the student union building I'll be waiting P I make a giggle noise I didn't know my body could make. I really am excited but I don't want him to know exactly how excited I am. At any rate, I hop into the shower to wash off the sweat caked on my body and in my hair. I wash my hair and body as quickly as I can. When I'm finished in the bathroom I hurriedly dress myself in a black tee and slim jeans. I pull my hair back in my standard braid and slip on my tan moccasins. Just before I slip out the door I take a step back and grab my leather jacket, I'm not sure what he has planned so I want to be prepared for anything. Just as I am approaching the student union I see the big white screen hanging from the building. Oh no. What has he done? It takes me a minute to find him but there he is sitting on a blanket on the grass facing the screen. I walk up behind him and nudge my foot into his back startling him. "Ok, what's going on here." I ask Peeta as he stands to greet me. "It's good to see you too, Katniss." He says sarcastically while pulling me in for a hug. "Yeah, yeah. Now tell me what is happening. You didn't do all this just for me did you?" I ask with a shaky voice. "No, I'm not that powerful just yet," he says gesturing to my spot on the blanket. "No, I saw a flyer while out on my tour the other day advertising 'Movie Under The Stars' tonight, so I thought I'd make us a little dinner and we could have a small date night. I hope that's okay?" He asks giving me the sweetest smile I've ever seen. "Of course it's alright!" I lean in and give him a kiss on his cheek. "What movie are we seeing?" "Well, from my understanding it's a musical featuring the talents of Meryl Streep and Pierce Brosnan." " Mamma Mia ?!" I shriek "That's the one. I may have bribed the Activities Board to show this movie instead of the one they were planning, The Heat . I couldn't resist taunting you with ABBA a little more." Peeta chuckles as he opens the basket in front of him. "And for dinner tonight we have an assortment of sandwiches, potato salad, and of course some popcorn." As he is describing our meal he pulls each item out of the basket. "Last but not least, some nice cold beers." He announces triumphantly. "Keep it down." I hush him. "You can't drink in public around here. This isn't PCB." "Nice cold beers." He whispers. I let out a little laugh as he pulls out two plastic cups and pours each of us a cup of the hoppy liquid. We sit together and eat our sandwiches and potato salad, saving the popcorn for the movie. Just as the sun sets behind the building the movie begins. Peeta and I sit close together snacking on the popcorn and sipping the beers secretly. Every now and then I catch Peeta humming along with the songs playing on the screen. Never would I have ever guessed Peeta new the tunes to ABBA songs, let alone be humming along with them. Our movie ends quicker than I wish it would and we pack up the basket and blanket. It had gotten a bit chilly since the sun went down so I donned my jacket, internally thanking myself for bringing it along. Peeta scoops up the basket and grabs ahold of my hand as we set off back to the dorm. Slowly, we walk hand in hand through campus, not saying much to each other but rather just enjoying the time together. When we finally reach my room, I unlock the door and we both make our way to the bed and collapse on top of it. And as I'm drifting off to sleep I can't help but wonder what adventures Peeta and I will get up to in the days to come. In the quiet darkness I whisper "Goodnight, Peeta." He whispers in return "Goodnight, Dancing Queen."