Johanna. Annie threw her hand up rushing over to Finnick. "Of course not, we could use your height to describe everything to us!" She laughed pushing her auburn hair over her shoulder. "It's really crowded out there." Peeta walked in through the hotel door brushing off his jacket. "The presidents in town, what else would you expect?" Johanna rolled her eyes stepping past him to walk out of the hotel. The rest of the flight crew followed her out into the busy streets of West Berlin. "Where should we go?" Annie shouted as they were pushed through the crowd. Her hand squeezed tightly onto Katniss as they struggled through the people. Katniss kept her eyes on the curls of the blonde man in front of her. He looked behind him giving her a wink before jumping on the light post. He looked ahead as Annie and Katniss fell into a fit of laughter. "What are you doing?" Annie shouted clutching her hat against her head. "Peeta, you look like Gene Kelly!" Katniss laughed as Peeta hugged the lamppost looking over the crowd. He chuckled giving a dramatic wave of his arm. "Americans?" A young woman asked their small group. Her voice was thick with a German accent. "Yes, yes, we're Americans!" Johanna nodded at the woman. She waved her hands motioning them to follow her. "Peeta! We're moving!" Katniss called up to the blonde man hanging on the lamppost. He jumped down grabbing her hand as they made their way through the crowd again. Katniss ignored the sudden jolt as Peeta's hand clasped around her gloved hand. They followed the German woman into a tall building. They raced up the crowded steps. Peeta dropped Katniss's hand once they reach the rooftop of the building. Katniss disregarded her immediate miss of his touch. They walked to the edge of the roof, staring over the thick stone ledge of the building. The vast crowd beneath them was breathtaking. "Wow." Katniss gasped taking in the entire event. Peeta turned his head smiling down at her. She smiled up at him as the president's voice bellowed through the city. They listened as he spoke of the American's support of West Germany and discussed his policy against the Soviets. Peeta's hand brushed against the back of Katniss's cream color gloved hand. She smiled slightly before they laced their fingers together watching the President speak. She looked up, Peeta's blue eyes were watching her intently, she smiled shyly biting her bottom lip. He slowly leaned in, Katniss's heart rate quickened as he moved in closer; she swiftly turned her head as his lips grazed her cheek. She looked down at her shoes rapidly unlacing their fingers and dropping her hand to her side. His mouth hung slightly open in embarrassment as Katniss focused her attention on President Kennedy. The plane had landed back early morning in New York City. All of the hung over reporters had filed out of the cabin leaving Katniss and the other stewardesses to clean their messes. Johanna and Annie had finished cleaning the cabin leaving Katniss to stack the cleaned dishes. Wiress had already left claiming an appointment with Ms. Trinkett she could not be late for. "We should debrief this evening." Johanna called over her shoulder as her and Annie stepped off the plane. Katniss waved her hand wanting nothing more than to go home to her apartment and forget her flight to Berlin. "Katniss," She jumped accidently slamming the cabinet closed. She thought she was alone on the plane. She turned around to Peeta's concerned face. "Sorry, I thought I was alone." "Oh" He smiled slightly pulling his hat from his head. "I'm sorry." "It's fine Peeta." Katniss moved past him to gather more of the clean dishes that needed to be put away. "No, I want to apologize for the way I acted." He turned following her deeper into the cabin. Katniss turned around on her heel facing the young captain. His face was tinged pink as he looked down at his leather shoes. "The way I acted was unacceptable." Katniss bit her lip stepping closer to him. "No, I'm the one that needs to apologize to you." He raised his eyebrows in shock glancing up from his shoes. "You're right I don't know you and the things I said were horrible. I just…there was no excuse for my behavior." Peeta hesitantly touched Katniss's shoulder. "Katniss, it's fine." He spoke softly as Katniss closed her eyes. "I shouldn't have tried to kiss you in Berlin." She looked up her gray eyes wide. "You're right, you shouldn't have." She laughed. Peeta chuckled removing his hand from her shoulder, she immediately missed the warmth of his large hand. "Can you blame a guy for taking a chance?" She giggled quietly shaking her head. "Do you need help with anything on here?" He motioned around the cabin. "No, no, we finished with everything I was just double checking." He nods tucking his hat under his arm. "Well since you're finished, how about I buy you a cup of coffee?" He smirked. Katniss laughed her heart jumping into her throat. "You just don't quit?" He grins. "Wouldn't have gotten where I am if I did." She tugged on her uniform jacket stepping closer to him. "You're right, I don't know you." She smiled up at him. "But I would really like to." His face broke out into a large grin, his blue eyes lighting up with amusement. "Coffee?" He held out the arm that was not holding his hat to her. She wrapped her gloved hand over the dark material of his captain's jacket. "Coffee." She nodded walking off the plane with her pilot. the end. A/N: I wrote this for the Prompts in Panem: Everlark through the ages challenge. If any are familiar with the short lived television show Pan Am you may have recognized the JFK scene. This was my first Everlark fanfiction posted on so please be kind! ;)