"Uh, thank you. Really. I can't say thank you enough for that." "It was nothing." Peeta felt a spark of hope at the sight of her softened expression. "As I was saying, my mum gave me a right bash alongside the head when she found out what I was doing." He saw the guilt bloom across her face and quickly moved to reassure her. "It wouldn't have stopped me, but she also locked away the food (although how she did that with a fridge I'm not quite sure) so I couldn't get anything any more." She smiled, actually smiled at him and took a step forward. Reassured, he hurried on. "Look, I really feel I need to talk to you about what you said earlier. First, about the whole staring thing, I was just wishing I could be sat next to you, talking to you. I've just loved you for so long that-" Shit. Had he actually just said that? His voice was meek when he spoke again. "Sorry, foot in mouth disease. Feel free to hit me again." She didn't. Instead, she frowned slightly at the last statement. "So you didn't mean it then?" He snapped his head up to look at her and the intensity of his gaze, the sheer amount of longing it held, made her blush and look away. His voice was soft but he carefully pronounced each word. "Yeah, I meant it." At no further response from Katniss, other than a slight smile, he figured he couldn't make it much worse. "About the whispering, you were right; it was about you." Her head flicked back to him and she bit her lip nervously. "It wasn't bad stuff though. Most of the time it was them teasing me about how bad I had for you, how you had me wrapped around your finger even if you didn't know it." He dropped his head. "And they weren't smirks. They were me trying not to smile as big as humanly possible when you noticed me. I was biting my cheek most of the time but it obviously only succeeded in making the smile look weird, rather than actually stopping it." He smiled deprecatingly at her. "Sorry." "Stop apologising." He chuckled a little. "And the rest of the stuff you said, that's not true either. I don't care about you being poor or scruffy; not that you are. I'm not looking for money. I just want you." They both flushed from that statement. "You're not boring either. You're mysterious, funny and intelligent, not to mention kind and self-sacrificing. You can't get much better than that. And where did you get this idea that you were ugly? You need to keep me around even if it's only to boost your self esteem. You're beautiful. Always have been and every year you look a little bit prettier. As you walked in tonight, I saw almost every man turn around to watch you sit up at the bar. I've dreamt for years about undoing your hair and running my fingers through it, hugging you from behind, running my fingers over your cheekbones, kissing your lips. You've held me entranced for years now." He paused. "There. I've said my piece. I'm sorry for freaking you out. You won't have to deal with me again. This is more than I ever thought I'd get, to be honest." Hesitantly stepping back, he spoke one last time. "Have the best life. You deserve it." A slightly shaky smile, then he turned away to walk back to his table. A moment. Katniss cleared her throat. "Peeta." Her voice barely worked. She tried again. "Peeta." He stopped and faced her again, his watery smile showing he was barely holding it together. "How about if I gave you the chance to make those dreams into reality?" Her heart pounded, unused to having feelings let alone having to express them in such a public way. How did people normally live with these emotions? His expression turned incredulous, as if slightly terrified that she was joking but she reassured him with a nod, unable to speak again. Nothing could be heard over the rushing of the blood in her ears. His gaze widened and then suddenly he was there, hugging her, lifting her feather light body and twirling her through the air while clasping her close to his chest. When he finally put her down, he leant back just enough to kiss her, giving her a glimpse of eyes sparkling with the joy she had put there before closing them to put his all into the kiss. It wasn't anything fancy, just a simple, brief touch of their lips but this was so much more than the last one. For one thing, both were willing participants. That one had been full of desperation and pent up passion; this one signifying new beginnings, filled with hope and the knowledge that there were more to come, that they could wait and had all the time in the world. Peeta drew back this time, pulling Katniss into his chest and holding her there, resting his head on top of hers. Contentedly, he sighed and opened his eyes. He found Finnick standing there, giving him a thumbs up and mouthing, You owe me one. Glancing over his friend's shoulder, Peeta's eyes widened. "Uh, Katniss? Is there a reason tall, dark and handsome over there looks like he's about to punch me?" fin. Ta-da! I hope you enjoyed - if you did, review. If you didn't, tell me what I did wrong! Anyway, next story I can't decide which one to do so I need a little help from you guys please. Would you rather I wrote: Fight where Katniss realises she loves Peeta OR Whirlwind romance with a British!Peeta and Katniss is devastated when he leaves You can only choose one (they overlap too much to do both, trust me) and they would both be modern au oneshot everlark. Tell me what you think please!