you. I'm sho shelfish, sho I never tell you I love you becaush I know you don't feel the shame way." But did she? Katniss wasn't sure how she felt. And, honestly, didn't have time at the moment to work it out. She was already almost late for work. … By the time she came home, Katniss knew what she had to do. Had this been the 19th Century, she would have written a letter and had a footman deliver it. As it was, an email would have to do. After it was written, she reviewed it once, and hit send. Dear Peeta, Please read this. I'm sure you're angry at me, and you have every right. But please, still read this. I remember, the second day we met, we had been working late on some document. And, at 4 in the morning, you said, "Isn't it strange - I barely know you, yet I feel more comfortable with you than I ever have with anyone before." At the time I nodded and chuckled, I think, but when I got home, I spent an hour thinking about that one sentence. I told myself you were just like all the rest: here for now, but only fleetingly. I tried to put up my defences, yet you managed to knock them down as if they were as light as a feather. So I gave in, and revelled in the little sparks that flew every time we came into contact. I don't whether you felt the same thing, but I felt beautiful when I you looked at me. I couldn't resist, and I asked you out, knowingly setting myself up for disaster. Because I always destroy anything good in my life. But I hoped, beyond all hope, that maybe this time was different. If this was a letter, you would see the marks my tears make as I write this. As it is, you'll just have to imagine them. Now you're gone, and this is the only way I can reach you. Even now, I don't know if you'll have blocked my address and number. All I can do is hope and pray because, I was walking today, in amongst the busy crowds and the yellow taxis, and all I could think was I wanted you to run up from behind, grab my hand and pull me into a doorway to kiss me senseless like you did that one time. Instead, all I was met with was hostile stares. I'm sitting here, in this city I've always loved, and wishing with all my being that you had taken me with you. Because I would give up everything to be with you, Peeta. I don't want to depend on you like this, I'm terrified that, even after this letter, you'll still hate me but I can't stop. This is the cruellest thing anyone has ever done to me, and you don't even know you're doing it. I'm falling in love with you, and you're on the other side of the world. I suppose I did sort of know how I felt when you asked, but I had never let myself acknowledge it because I was never sure how you felt. I didn't want to fall this deeply and then be cast off, if you didn't feel the same. Only once did you talk about your feelings, and you were drunk and didn't mention it the next morning. I didn't think it counted. So I didn't even acknowledge this…euphoria, because my pride wouldn't let me. But now, my pride doesn't matter. Nothing does, except telling you how I feel. If there's the slightest chance that you would come back, then this has all been worth it. So… I love you. I love your hair, your startling eyes, your gentle smile. I love your cute little accent and how you're so proud of being British. I love your kindness and your gentleness, how you've managed to turn all the bad in your life into something good. I love how you love the same nerdy movies as me and how you always understand me. I love you. So, if you even return the slightest bit of this, please come back, be here. You're in London and it's not fair that you're not around. I don't want to have to miss you like this. If you can find it in yourself to forgive me, please, come back. Please, give me a second chance to tell you everything I didn't tell you the first time. I love you. I love you. I love you. Yours, forever, Katniss. … Three knocks at the door startled Katniss as she watched late night (or was it early morning?) telesales. Shimmying out from under her blanket, she walked over and unlocked the door of her apartment. Peeta was standing in the hall. He looked like hell, in a hoodie and trackies for the first time since Katniss had met him. There were dark circles under his eyes and his hair looked like a bird had slept in it. Yet when he looked at her, all of that seemed to fade away, and he looked better than he ever had before. Anything was perfection compared to his complete absence in her life. "I don't hate you." The sentence knocked her out of her reverie. He continued. "Your email. You said I hated you. I don't. Didn't. Couldn't." He looked down at the floor. "I don't think you can ever hate someone you're in love with." She was stunned. "You're back?" "I'm back." "You want to try again?" "I want to try again." Katniss took a deep breath. "And… you love me?" "And I love you." In one step, he closed the distance between them, and claimed her lips with his. Lifting his head a fraction, he murmured, "Forever." Oooh, that was cute if a little depressing. HEA everyone! Did you like it? Please tell me what you thought and review. Have a lovely day!