for shelter and how to build fire." "Green, I'll be killed out there. I don't know how to use a weapon, and even if I did I don't know if I could even use it or not." "That's alright, most of the time people die from natural things, rarely ever from fighting. Still, you know how to use at least one weapon they always have out there." My eyes widened. "An axe?" "Yes. You can use one well." "On wood though, not on people." "You have to be smart out there. When you're out there civilized consciousness won't apply. You need to think like a savage, like an animal. You're roots are strong Fern, but so is your heart, you will get out of this alive one way or another. You're a survivor, so take that initiative and let them have it." He engulfed me in another bear hug. "I'm so sorry I couldn't protect you." "I love you Fern." My eyes watered again. "Don't…..don't love me. It'll only break your heart in the end." "I don't care. I love you and only you." He crashed his lips down on mine. They were soft, and moving against mine. Except I didn't move mine. They tasted like the earth. I just took this in. My first and last kiss. My mind was swimming. "Times up." A voice interrupted us. "Come on, lover boy." "You're a survivor, remember that. You are a survivor." The door slammed behind them. The next hour came for us to head to the train. Kipper sat between Stone and Me. She was talking about how much of a treat this was, and was goodies we were in for. When we went to the platform, I took one last glimpse of District 7. I went inside, and sat down in a beautiful room. There were crystal goblets, mahogany tables, foods of delectable sorts. The chairs we sat on were the softest things ever. Hey even though I'll most likely die by the end of this week, at least I'm doing it in a luxurious style. "Wait here, I'll go get Johanna." I stood up and walked around the room examining everything. I went over to the table and looked at this silver tray full of theses weird brown oval things. They had pink frosting on them, and were as big as the palm of my hand. "Hey….umm Stone, what do you think these are?" I looked over at Stone who just shrugged his shoulders, stood up, and came over to where I was standing. He saw the brown oval things, and curiosity spread all over his face. "I don't know." "I wonder what they're called." "They're called chocolate truffles." A third voice rang out. There Johanna Mason casually leaning against the door frame with a smug look on her face. A pause ensured. "Well are you going to try it or keep on staring at me?" I quickly took the truffle, and bit into it. It was sweet, and the inside had a cherry in it. "This would be my first time ever eating a cherry." I said. "Oh well, feel free to help yourself. You deserve it." I noticed there was no sarcasm in her voice. "What do you mean?" Johanna glided over to where Stone stood. "That little scene out there was perfect. That's just what the people want. Something unique, something new to the table. If you play you're cards right, this might even get you some sponsors." "Play my cards right… how?" She sighed. "Listen kid, if people see this girl who is worth fighting for by someone not meant to volunteer for her, it's going to peak their interest. Play it right, they'll even want to sponsor you. "Okay. Just tell me what to do and I'll do it." "You have a nice attitude, I like that." "Thank you….I guess." I smiled. "Well, anyway I think this will be much discussed after dinner. Follow me." Stone and I followed Johanna's small frame to another car, where these servants from the Capitol were already putting plates of many rare things on our plates. Kipper was also there, waiting for us. "Well, now that everything is good and dandy, why don't we sit and have a nice meal." When we sat, a servant boy pushed my chair up close to the table. A plate was set before me. It had a small bird on it that was roasted to a fine golden brown. There was rice and berries with a creamy sauce covering part of the bird. Small onions were swimming in a brown broth along with Brussels sprouts, and fish. A mighty turkey sat in the middle of the table, stuffed with golden breaded pudding. In my cup was a green juice that tasted of apples and straw berries. For dessert there was an abundance of cheeses, exotic fruits, and more chocolate truffles. Even though I didn't want to eat, I knew I had to. It's best to put on as much weight as possible before the games. After dinner Johanna told us that she would talk with us in the morning. It made me sad, but I knew better than to cross her. I remember watching Johanna in her own Hunger Games. She looked so helpless, than she would attack at the right moment. I remember begging my dad to sponsor her, but he said it was too much money. I was glad she won…..really glad. I shook my head at these thought as I walked unknowingly through 17 different cars. When I finally looked up I saw a room much similar to the one I was in when I first boarded the train. Only the feeling in the room was different more tense. As I went into the room a little further, the door shut behind me. I whipped around quickly to see the beautiful cold blue eyes of a monster. I knew at that moment I should've prayed with the others.