have to take out as much tesserae. You are less likely to be reaped than most girls." Edith has five siblings, three brothers and two sisters. They're all between the ages of 12 and 18, meaning they're all able to be reaped for the Hunger Games. "That just makes the worry for me larger, Haymitch. Knowing one of them could be reaped," she sighed. "Anyway, come on in." Edith's house is rather large, but it has to be to accommodate her large family. Edith enters the living room, which is filled with the siblings, all preparing themselves for the games. Well, almost all of them... "Where's Elizabeth?" I ask. Elizabeth is the oldest of all of them, at 17. However, she's always been strange - despite her age, she has the appearance of a 12 year old, making her seem much more vulnerable. "She's gone out for a walk, for some fresh air and to clear her head," Edith replies, still combing her hair. She reaches across the table, picking up what looks like a small butterfly clip, sliding it into her fringe. "There, how do I look?" "Beautiful, as always," I grin. She reaches up to hug me, but places her lips nears my ear so she can whisper, "Don't volunteer for anyone. I couldn't bear the thought of losing you." "I won't, I promise," I whisper back, meaning it. There's no-one I really care to volunteer for, not even Edith's siblings. They never particularly liked me, anyway. Suddenly, from outside the house, I can hear the bell sounding, meaning that the reaping was officially going to begin, and all children were to gather in the square. I squeeze Elizabeth's hand, and we set off together. The square is only a short distance from Elizabeth's house, meaning we get there rather quickly. I walk up to the male sign-in desk, and have my finger cut so the Peacekeepers can verify it's me with my blood. Satisfied I am Haymitch Abernathy and not an imposter, they wave me through, leading me to the males age 16 pen. The ropes surrounding the pen remind me of that of an animals'. To the Capitol, we are animals, needing reigning in. It takes just over an hour to get everyone in place, and by that time I'm sweating buckets, and everyone around me is getting fidgety. I've been pushed and bumped more times than I care to remember in the last ten minutes alone. I find I'm actually thankful to see the escort climb up to the stage. The escort's name is Ophelia, and she is dressed in a bright purple dress, covered in blood red spikes. On her head is a funny coloured wig, that resembles an animal that is curled up asleep. All in all, her outfit represents the Capitol perfectly - boisterous, flashy and over-the-top. She approached the microphone, and tapped it with a long nail, checking it worked. Satisfied it does, she began. "Good day, good day, citizens of District 12! Today is a very special day!" she exclaimed, her voice pitch changing dramatically through her speech. "Today, not two, not three, but four lucky children will be chosen to represent District 12 in the 50th annual Hunger Games, and the second Quarter Quell! "As usual, ladies first!" With that, she bounced over to the reaping ball on the left, leafing through it until she holds two small pieces of paper, folded up, each one containing the name of a tribute that will be sent to their death. "Ahem, first we have..." she unfolded the paper with slow movement... "Maysilee Donner!" Silence fills the crowd. I feel my heart quicken. I know Maysilee. She's in my class at school. She's very popular with the little children, and often spends time playing with them. In class, she tends to keep to herself, much like I would if it weren't for Edith. The silence is broken by the screams of little children, rushing to cling to Maysilee. Peacekeepers come to brake them apart, but they aren't needed. Maysilee is gently pushing them off herself. "Now, you littlies just relax. I'll be back before you know it." She gives them a wan smile, before letting herself be taken up to the stage by the Peacekeepers. Ophelia beams at her, guiding her to her spot, where she stands, trying not the shake. "Now, onto the next tribute!" Ophelia announces in her sing-song voice, slowly opening the next piece of paper. "Elizabeth Bryan!" Heads turn to stare at the unlucky girl. Judging by the direction of their heads, the girl is a 17 year old... That's when it dawns on me. Elizabeth is Edith's older sister. Elizabeth slowly leaves her pen, legs shaking. Her appearance of a twelve year old makes your heart leap out in pity and sorrow to her. Still, she stays standing, and doesn't cry, not giving the Capitol the satisfaction. "NO! NO!" come the screams from the crowd, as Edith bursts through, desperately running for Elizabeth. "NO! ELIZABETH! I VOLUNTEER!" NO! I think to myself. She can't! She even advised me not to! What the hell is she thinking? Elizabeth turned, fixing Edith with a cold stare. "No, Edith. I can't let you do that." Despite her appearance, Elizabeth still has some maturity in her. "If she volunteers, she volunteers!" Ophelia called from the stage. "In that case, I volunteer in her place," Elizabeth retorts, turning and climbing the steps to the stage. Ophelia is taken aback by her attitude, but goes along with it. "Well... Okay, I guess so." She nods to the Peacekeepers, and they drag Edith away. I can relax a little now, knowing Edith isn't going anywhere. "Now, moving onto the boys." She walks over to the other reaping ball on the right side, and shuffles the paper until she has chosen two slips. She returns to the microphone. "Our first male tribute is... Haymitch Abernathy!" It doesn't take long for the screams to start again.