of the water until I am perched on the edge. I instinctively wrap my legs around his waist, pressing myself even closer still. The ledge is rough beneath me but I barely notice, swept up in the sensation of his lips, and the flames roaring through my body. He is everywhere, on top of me, around me, and his skin is filled with heat despite the water. I can't seem to press myself close enough. I need more of this. More of him . My head falls to the side as his lips find the perfect spot below my earlobe and he begins to suckle softly before working his way down my neck. My eyes fall shut and I gasp softly as I give into the feelings he is causing within me, and before I know it he is hooking his arms under me and swiftly carrying me back to the blanket on the shore. Once settled his lips resume their work, moving their way down my neck and across the sharp jut of my collar bone. As his hips encourage my legs apart and I feel him press against me, all rational thoughts flee my mind. I am a quivering mess beneath him, my hips bucking involuntarily against his. He shifts his weight and his lips continue to move lower, silkily working their way down my skin, leaving a trail of fire down my waist past my belly button. I can focus on nothing but his lips, his breath, his tongue on my skin, and I am filled with an urgent desire to be with him. I need this with him, and I can't think of anything else. I drag his face up to meet mine and crash our lips together, running my hands over the ridges of his abdomen and feeling the rough fabric of his shorts pulled taut. Our kiss is passionate, filled with fire and fervor, but then he surprises me by pulling his head back an away from mine. I can't help but let out a small cry in his absence. But Peeta simply smiles, bringing a hand up to gently brush the back of his finger across my cheek. I watch his beautiful blue eyes darken and roam over my writhing form as if memorising every detail of this moment. And he trails his hand down over my jaw, then my chest – brushing against the stiffened peak of my breast on his way past my stomach. And as his hand moves lower still my moan is muffled as his lips press gently against mine once more. The sun is starting its descent in the sky when I wake to Peeta's fingertips gently stroking the skin on my waist. I am overcome with the delicious feeling of happiness that is always connected to Peeta, and I can feel the hard press of his muscles behind me, curving around my waking form. Thankfully my sleep today was dreamless, blissful. Although I guess I shouldn't be surprised. Not after he lifted me onto that rock and put his lips to work. And certainly not after all that followed. Initially it surprised me when Peeta would take control in that way. And it really surprised me how much I enjoyed it. I loved seeing the dominant side of him, a side that is completely different to what he is usually like. He could be rough and demanding; he could murmur things in my ear that I would never imagine coming from the same mouth that once won over the citizens of Panem; he could pin my arms over my head and overpower my body with his lips. But I always loved it. So today, when he charged towards me in the water and claimed me, I was powerless against him. I didn't think it was possible to want him more, but then his sweetness took over once more and he lay me gently down on the blanket. And when he pulled his lips away from my writhing form and gazed down at me, his eyes filled with the love that his fingers trailed over my skin, I couldn't help but remember why I fell in love with him in the first place, in that cave in another world. And the feeling overcame me, bubbling out in kisses and murmurs, until we lay together, spent and exhausted, in the shade of the solitary tree. A small sigh escapes my lips and I snuggle closer to him, feeling the warmth of his bare chest against the skin of my back. "Are you hungry?" his soft voice breaks through my reverie. I smile, twisting my body around until I face him. I press a soft kiss against his lips before answering. "Yeah, I'm getting there." "Well, we worked up quite the appetite," he drawls, a slow grin breaking across his face again. And this time, I can't help but laugh and roll my eyes. I swat his arm and sit, adjusting the top of my swimsuit as I go, before grabbing the backpack and pulling out the cinnamon scrolls that I carefully prepared that morning. And we eat and we swim and we laugh and we kiss until the shade of the trees cloak the lake. And after trekking through the woods once more, our hands link loosely and the orange sunset lights our final steps back home. And it is good. A/N It has been so long since I have written and it feels so good to do it again. I feel like this is a whole new Peeta and Katniss, but I have really enjoyed writing them. They are so different to the book...but I think that they need to be. Here they aren't dwelling in sadness, they are simply to adults who have seen horrors together, but are now finding time to be alone and in love. I hope you like it. I'd love it if you would let me know your thoughts on this chapter. xo