usual ladies first." I hold my breath as Effie reaches into a glass bowl filled with envelopes, I know one of those envelopes holds Prim's name, as well as several that hold mine. When you are 12 your name was put in once, and then twice when you were 13 and 3 times when your 14 and so on until you reached 19 and you were free from the reaping. If you were poor you were allowed to apply for tesserae, this put your name in another time. My name is entered 20 times since I'd been forced to apply for tesserae before I learned was brave enough to enter the forest without my father. Effie pulls an envelope out and opens it. Smiling she reads the names and shouts out in that sickly happy voice, "Primrose Everdeen!" I feel myself go cold, no, no it can't be. Not my sister, not Prim. No! I see my trembling sister step forward. "No!" I shout, pushing through the crowd to the walkway. Peacekeepers move to hold me back but I push past them . "No!" Prim can't go, my sister will be killed in the hunger games. "I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" I shout frantically. Anything to stop Prim being put into those vile games. The crowd is silent, everyone stares at me in surprise. The two peacekeepers that had moved to hold me back shrug and step back allowing me to walk towards the stage. I share a look with my sister who's was staring at me in bewilderment. Effie happily extends her hand to me beckoning me onto the stage. "We have a volunteer! What would your name be?" "Katniss, Katniss Everdeen." I stare out at the crowd. It was unusual for District 12 to get a volunteer. Volunteers were usually from the richer districts such as district 1 and 2. They tended to be people who had trained their whole life for the hunger games and by the time they volunteered they were pretty lethal, they won it most years. We call them Careers. "I'd bet my hat that was your sister." Effie states happily, indicating to Prim, I just nod feeling as though I'll be sick if I opened my mouth. The crowd stares and as one the crowd places the middle 3 fingers of their hand to their mouth and hold them up toward me. I swallow hard, that sign is rarely used, usually at funerals. It means goodbye to someone who was deeply respected. Once the crowd has put their hands down Effie coughs, "Right so now how about the boys." She reaches into the bowl and pulls out an envelope. "Peeta Mellark." She shouts cheerfully as she reads the name. I bite my lip, I know this boy, he saved my family's life so many years ago. When my father had died and my mother had withdrawn into herself we all had almost starved. We would have done if Peeta hadn't burned some bread and thrown it to me, earning some painful looking bruises from his mother. No one volunteers for Peeta, he steps forward onto the stage. We are pulled away to separate rooms in the Justice Building. Prim and my mother come to visit me in the room. They say goodbye and Prim cries as she hugs me. I turn to my mother. "You must not go away again, you have to look out for Prim, alright!?" I say aggressively, my mother nods slowly "I mean it!" She agrees and I hug her. I feel as if I owe her that much. Once my family has left Madge enters, Madge is the mayors daughter and is the same age as me, we often hang out together at school, I like her because she's not very talkative and neither am I so we just tend to sit in companionable silence. "That was really brave. "She smiles sadly at me and hands me a pin, the pin has a mockingjay on it. The mockingjay is a kind of bird. The Capitol created a genetically modified breed of bird that was exclusively male called the jabberjay. The jabberjay could copy human conversations but they weren't very selective about what they copied, So the Capitol released the bird and they interbred with the mockingbird creating a new breed of bird that could replicate human song. My father loved the mockingjays and would often sing to them. "Will you wear it? As your token?" I nod, Tributes are allowed to take something into the arena as a token to remind them of home. Madge hugs me before leaving and I sit down feeling drained. In a few days I'll be thrown into an arena with 23 other people who all want to kill me. Briefly wonder how long I'll survive. Gale bursts into the room. "Katniss, listen to me, you can win this, I know you can." He exclaims. He places his hands on my shoulders and looks into my eyes. "Just find a bow, you're better than them." "They might not have a bow." I tell him remembering the year where the only weapons were rocks. but he just shakes his head. "Then make one, I know you can do it Katniss." He squeezes my shoulders and leaves. I think I see a few tears in his eyes as he leaves. I sigh and bury my face in my hands. I hate the Hunger Games and the Capitol and the people who cheer for this disgusting game. I hate them all I think viciously. I reach for my arm and twist the skin, causing last nights cuts to sting. I sigh as the pain calms me slightly. Peacekeepers enter the room and lead me to a car. I sit in the back with Peeta the other side and Effie in the middle. She's talking but I'm not listening I'm too busy trying not to think about how I'm going to dead in a few days.