make her feel accepted. None of them know the truth about her relationship with Gale either – much as she did with Prim, she and Gale are trying to protect his family by not burdening them with information – so as far as they know, she's simply the girl that Gale fell in love with and married. So that redeems her in their eyes: if Gale sees something good in her, it must be there. She doesn't blame Gale for spending so much time away from her. It's exhausting to devote so many of their waking hours to living a lie, but that's what they have to do when they're together, especially in the presence of others. In all honesty, she probably prefers it this way. She wonders if her father will keep his promise and try to get her out of this. But it's been months and she hasn't had so much as a phone call or letter from him or anyone from back home. So slowly she comes to accept that this is the life she's meant to lead. It makes her feel slightly better to imagine this as a punishment (although completely inadequate) for participating in the Hunger Games – she knows she deserves it. Gale often includes his brothers on his excursions to the woods. They frequently stay out all day, sometimes not returning until after dark. So on one unseasonably warm March evening, when Katniss, Hazelle, and Posy eat dinner alone, no one is alarmed. In fact, none of them even give the men's absence a second thought. It's only much later, when Katniss wakes up and realizes that Gale is not asleep in his usual spot on the couch on the other side of the bedroom, that she knows something is wrong. Days pass with no word. The Hawthorne women wait, without hope, as district residents and Peacekeepers conduct a search. Eventually the news comes, surprising no one. The bodies were discovered in the forest, miles outside the district. An accident, they're told. Some kind of wild animal must have attacked them. "That's why you don't leave the district boundaries," the Peacekeepers tell them, rubbing salt into the wound. As if that information would make a difference now. Hazelle, Posy, and Katniss never see the bodies. They're promptly buried in the district's lone cemetery, alongside their father. Katniss doesn't feel she has any right to mourn, but she has to for Hazelle and Posy's sake. It would only hurt them more now to learn the truth about her and Gale. But she tries to strike just the right balance between mourning enough to be believable, and devoting herself to taking care of the remaining Hawthornes. She feels almost inexplicably responsible for them now. They've lost so much. Her losses are nothing in comparison. Late one evening not long after the deaths, Katniss and Hazelle find themselves alone once Posy has gone to bed. Katniss is cleaning in the kitchen while Hazelle sits behind her at the table, staring absently into a cup of tea. "We have to leave the house," Hazelle says suddenly. Katniss turns around, a questioning look on her face. "What do you mean? No we don't. Hazelle smiles sadly. "The house was Gale's reward. They told me we have to vacate it within two weeks." Unable to face Hazelle any longer, Katniss returns to drying the dishes, hoping to contain the anger that she feels building inside her. She had already learned that Gale's Victor salary was lost when he died; she didn't realize that the house would be taken as well. She'd always been taught that Victors are well taken care of after the Games. But apparently their families are not. "Where are we going to go?" Katniss asks quietly, trying to control her voice. "Back to our old house in the Seam, I suppose," Hazelle muses. "But Katniss, you don't have to come. This is your chance to go back to your family, back to the Capitol." Hazelle doesn't know about the forced nature of Katniss and Gale's marriage, but she saw Katniss's sadness when she arrived in the district. At the time, Katniss attempted to explain away her feelings as mere homesickness, hoping that she could avoid any further questions into her relationship with Gale. It worked. And now Hazelle understandably thinks that Katniss wants to go back. It's not that Katniss doesn't miss her family or the easy life she had back in the Capitol. But she's not sure she can go back. She's seen too much of the deplorable living conditions here and learned too much about how Panem's government treats most of its citizens to fathom returning to that world. Going back to the Capitol would mean ignoring everything she's learned – and maybe even returning to the Hunger Games. She doesn't think she can do that. And what would happen to the Hawthornes if she left? She knows that Gale was the main provider for his family after his father's death. Without him, one of his brothers could have stepped in, but they're gone, too. Posy's not even ten years old and Hazelle hasn't held a job in years. Gale told Katniss – although she barely believed him at the time – that it was common for people to starve to death here. Katniss can finally understand how that would happen. It's an increasingly likely fate for the Hawthorne women. "No, I, uh…I can't go back," Katniss lies. "I have to stay." Truthfully, she doesn't know if she's lying – she honestly has no idea whether or not she can go back – but it's easier to pretend that she simply can't. She's decided to stay and do whatever she can to help Hazelle and Posy. She's not sure she's capable of helping, but leaving would mean nothing short of abandoning them to die. And after working for the Hunger Games for so many years, she doesn't want to contribute to any more deaths.