parted her legs and Gale hooked his fingers on her panties, quickly sliding them down her legs and adding the final piece of clothing to their pile. He moved her legs so her knees are up and her feet are on the ground. Gale bent down, kissing down her thigh, and sighing. "Jesus, Madge." She bit on her bottom lip. "What?" Had she done something wrong? "You smell so good," he groaned. Madge shuddered as his hot breath danced over her. He had never done this before but he couldn't stop himself, licking gently across her clit. "Oh," Madge gasped and threw her head back, aching at the sensation. Gale went deeper now, his tongue exploring her most private places. She panted his name and felt a surge of fire in her lower stomach. "Gale, I— oh ," she sighed again and arched her back. With one final lick the pleasure inside of her snapped, sending Madge writing on the blankets below him. He let her ride out her orgasm, her lips parted as she moaned his name and her fingers clutching the quilt beneath her. Her chest rose and fell rapidly, her nipples erect and her skin pink. Gale gently kissed up her stomach back up to her, and when he reached her face she was finally coming back. Her vision was glossed over and her cheeks were flushed. "I've never," she panted. "Never, oh," she swallowed and looked at him through her eyelashes. "Wow." He laughed brightly before bending down, pressing their lips together quickly. "Was it… weird?" "God, no," he shook his head. "You taste incredible, Madge." She shuddered again and he kissed her collarbone. Watching her get off has thrown him over the edge. He needs her. He needs her so desperately. Gale fumbled for the foil packet as they kissed and pulled away only to ask, "Are you ready?" "I think so," she breathed. Madge reached up and gripped his forearm. "Just be careful, okay? And go slow." "You know I will." She nodded quickly and took another deep breath. "I really want you," Gale whispered. "If you want me to stop, tell me now." "No, God, no," Madge moaned. Her eyes fluttered shut but she heard the condom open and imagined him rolling it on his length. "I want you, too. So bad, Gale." Gale slid his hands up her thighs softly and Madge swallowed. "I'm ready." Her eyes opened again and she saw Gale guiding himself into her. She let her legs relax despite how nervous she was, and brought her hips down just a little. Gale went slowly and Madge gasped when she first felt it. There was a bit of discomfort but it was wound so tightly with the pleasure she hardly noticed it. Gale had his eyebrows furrowed in concentration and he leaned over her, resting one hand behind her and the other holding tightly to her hip. Madge moaned loudly and Gale involuntarily bucked forward, sending him just a bit deeper in. "So tight," Gale rasped. "Fuck. Oh, God." His cock moved deeper inside as he bent down to kiss her. His tongue swept over her bottom lip and she moaned again, arching her body to fit his. Their chests pressed against each other again, and her hands reached up, circling around his neck. "Can I move?" he whispered, his breath coming out in pants. Madge jerked her head forward and dug her nails into his shoulders. Madge let out a throaty groan and thrust her hips to meet his, though it was a bit behind. "Feels so good," she said. " Gale ." "Mmf, Madge," he echoed her cries and thrust again. This time their hips met and Madge cried out unintelligibly. "I don't think I'll last much longer," he choked. "You're just so tight, so good, oh God, Madge." "I think I'm close," she forced out. He moved the hand around her hip down to her clit and gently rubbed at her. "Oh, Christ , Gale." She panted out more sighs and arched further. She felt it again, that fire in her stomach. "I… I'm almost…" "Me too," he moaned. "Fuck." She tilted her hips and he groaned against, rubbing a bit more quickly at her clit. "Madge, baby, I'm close." " Gale ," she sighed. He thrust again and Madge groaned. "Just a few more, just a few—" her words gave out as her orgasm hit her. " Gale !" she screamed out his name and collapsed backwards on the blanket. Another pump later he was gone too, groaning out her name as he met his release. Her muscles had clenched around him sending him tipping over the edge and almost falling on top of her. They panted in time together, Gale still inside her, before finally easing off their high. Gale gently pulled out and patiently took off the condom. After putting it away he looked back toward Madge, her golden hair fanned out on the pillows beneath her and her breasts still perky and firm. She had a sheen of sweat over her entire body and her lips were slightly parted. He smiled sheepishly and then she smiled too, letting out a little laugh and jerking her head, telling him to join her. Gale crawled over to her side and wrapped his arms around her bare stomach, nuzzling into her neck and kissing her collarbone. "You okay?" he asked. "Mmm," she sighed. "Couldn't be better." She looked tired, a sleepy smile on her face as she looked up at the stars. "Gale?" "Yeah?" "You never really did ask me to prom," she said. Gale laughed loudly as she grinned and kissed her fiercely. "Madge Undersee," he forced out between kisses, "will you go to your senior prom with me?" She laughed and nodded, their forehead bumping and their noses running into each other. "Of course I will." She couldn't help but think that this was much better than how he asked her last year.