and moved to slip their shoes - the only articles of clothing she'd let him remove today - back on. "How was I to know they'd take me up on it? When I offered to help out last month, I never thought they'd take me seriously! I had no idea they have so few friends." Laughing, they moved into the living room and each grabbed a few items from the pile Johanna had messily piled up by the door. "Sheesh, Jo. What the hell is in all these boxes?" Peeta asked as he struggled with a particularly awkward one. "All kinds of stuff I took from my parents' house after they passed away. That one's my small yard equipment; hoes, rakes, spades, my ax -" "AX?" Katniss gasped. "You've had an ax in the apartment this whole time?" "No, Brainless, not the whole time. Don't be ridiculous. I kept it down in the basement mostly." Katniss nodded. "I'd only bring it out at appropriate times. Like Halloween." "Wow, Jo, you must be a barrel of laughs for the trick-or-treaters," Peeta laughed. "Jo-Jo and I share the same sentiments on trick-or-treaters," Haymitch added as he returned from a trip to the truck. "We don't give to beggars, and we don't negotiate with terrorists." Johanna gave him a kiss and threw an arm around his waist. "And that's why we're perfect for each other." "Aww, you guys are so cute I might vomit," Katniss replied with a smirk. Several trips later, the truck was loaded and the couple was on their way. Johanna insisted they didn't need any help unloading since Haymitch's friends from college were going to meet them at the house. Katniss sat on the couch, her feet up in Peeta's lap. He massaged them as she looked around at the empty bookshelves and gaps on the walls where Johanna's pictures had been removed. "I can't believe she's really gone. Everything's changing again." Peeta squeezed the sole of her foot. "Now don't get all weepy on me, Everdeen. We've already talked about this. Repeat after me: change can be a good thing." "I know." Katniss smiled and straddled his lap. "Change can be a very good thing. Especially when it means more time for us. Alone." She leaned down and kissed him, her mouth parting slightly. She gently sucked on his lower lip before tracing his tongue with the tip of hers. Peeta moaned as she moved from his mouth to his neck, alternating sucking and flicking her tongue on a trail up higher. She could feel him hard beneath her as she worked on a spot behind his ear. He groaned and weaved his fingers into her loose braid, holding her close. "God, you two don't waste any time, do you?" The pair sprang apart as Johanna made her way past them into the bathroom and returned with a small plastic container. "I forgot the case for my contacts. I'll need that tonight." She turned around at the door and tossed a key ring at Katniss. "And I forgot to leave my keys. Though, if I can make a small recommendation? You might want to lock the door before you start humping like rabbits on my old couch." With that, she turned the lock on the handle and shut the door behind her. Katniss groaned. "I'll never live that one down at the office. Now what was it you were saying about change being good?" Peeta smiled. "Well, I'd say me leaving your team turned out to be a pretty fortunate change." "Oh, really?" Katniss asked. "Why's that?" "Well," he began, his hand absently running up and down her thigh, "if I had stayed in my old role, I probably wouldn't have been picked to work on that project with you. And then I wouldn't have texted you that night. And you might not have gotten to realize how perfectly lovely I am." Katniss laughed softly, a shiver running through her at his touch. "Is that so?" "Yes," he continued. "And if I had stayed on your team, we never could have done this-" He pulled at her foot until she was flat on her back, carefully hovering over her. He leaned down and placed a tender kiss on her lips. "And I think that would have been a tragedy." "You don't say?" she whispered, his mouth only inches away from her own. "Definitely," he answered. "We'd have been a couple of star crossed lovers, Snow's cruel rules keeping us apart." "Ah." "So aren't you glad I left you for a little while?" "I suppose." She reached up a bit to capture his mouth in her own. As they separated to take a breath, she reached up to touch his slightly overgrown curls. "Though I have to say..." Her hand traced his face and moved to cup his cheek. "I think this would have happened anyway. Even if you'd stayed on my team." He leaned into her hand, his eyes sparkling as he studied her face. "I think you might be right." He moved to sit them up and pulled her back in his lap. "I think the only question left is... Are you happy?" She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him, pouring all the emotion she was feeling into that connection point. She leaned her head on his forehead and placed a gentle kiss on his nose. "I think I can finally say... despite all my reservations in the past... and my previous insistence that it's a myth... that, yes. I am. I'm happy ." A wide smile split his face. "That's what I've been waiting to hear." He cupped her face in his hands, his thumbs stroking her cheeks. "Was that really so hard?" Katniss shook her head and smiled before kissing a path up his jaw to his ear. She tugged the lobe between her teeth and whispered, "Oh, Peeta, just one more thing..." "Yes?" he gulped. " That's what she said. "