Undersee?" "Gale," she groaned. He liked to take his time. She didn't. "Impatience is never a good thing," he told her. Gale kissed up her stomach and stopped just below her bra. Swiftly she unhooked the contraption behind her and Gale grinned, tearing it away with his teeth. Madge dropped her head backwards against the pillows as he kissed the valley between her breasts and thumbing over her sensitive nipples. "Gale," Madge said with a sigh. He grinned at the sound of his name in her mouth, moving over and flicking his tongue over one of her nipples. She gasped in pleasure as Gale sucked at her breast. Her hands clawed at the blanket below her and she arched so he was able to take more of her into his mouth. "Oh," she moaned, her eyes fluttering shut. Though he loves every inch of her body Gale couldn't spend too much time at her tits. He pulled away with wet pop and kissed back down between her breasts, down her chest, down her stomach. Madge gasped again, whimpering his name quietly as he nudged her legs apart. Her panties were already wet and Gale couldn't help but grin. Just as he used his mouth to remove her bra he did the same down here. His teeth scraped over the delicate skin by her hips as he latched onto the fabric, and then Gale eased it off of her skin. When he returned to face her, Madge's legs were spread a bit more. Gale still had his boxers on and his dick was aching at the sight of her waiting for him. Almost as though she expected him to push into her already she let out a gasp of surprised when he kissed down there instead. His hot breath against her pussy caused her to open up even more. She moved her hips up toward him, an obvious invitation, before he lowered his mouth to her. Gale slid his tongue across her clit a few times before plunging down, sucking against her and reveling in the way she cried out his name. He reached up and slipped a finger into her, watching goosebumps flesh across her arms as he did so. He reached behind her and griped her ass so he could pull her closer, and Madge jerked her hips forward. Gale fucked her with his tongue and hand until she was panting, her entire body quivering from the experience. "I need you inside," Madge nearly pleaded. Her hips bucked again as his fingers curled inside her. " Now , Gale!" He pulled his finger out from inside her and she sat up. Her blue eyes were half lidded and she yanked his boxers down, watching his cock spring upwards. Madge licked her lips at the sight and Gale had to restrain himself from throwing her back on the mattress and pounding into her at once. Clearly having changed her mind Madge lunged forward, dipping down and pressing a kiss to the head of his cock. Gale groaned as Madge sucked on the tip of his dick, bobbing forward every few seconds to get more of it into her mouth. "Madge," Gale warned. He fell backwards so he was sitting on his knees on the mattress, but she continued sucking his cock. Madge reached forward and tickled his balls, causing Gale to tense. "If I come before I'm in you then you'll never hear the end of it," he told her. "And I'm really fucking close." Immediately she pulled away, a mischievous smile lighting up her features. This time Gale actually did get rough, gripping her shoulders and tossing her back against the mattress. She clutched the sheets below her as he entered, and both sigh at the contact. Gale pumped into her slowly and listens to the uneven breathing coming from the woman below him. "Faster," she pleaded. Gale leaned down over her a bit more and she clutched his shoulders, her short nails digging into his skin. " Faster !" Her hips bucked forward to meet his thrust and Gale groaned, dropping his mouth against hers. She bit his bottom lip as he thrust again, this time picking up the pace. "Gale," she begged. " More ." "Fuck," he breathed. She's so fucking tight he doesn't know how long he could last. His body was starting to ache from having to hold himself up but all he could focus on was the warmth around his dick. He pounded into her harder. " Gale !" Another time. " Shit ." Again. "I-I'm—" Madge dissolved below him, crying out his name and arching into his grasp. As her walls clenched around him Gale could feel himself unraveling. One more thrust and he broke as well, releasing himself into her before nearly collapsing. Gale rolled to the side of her and caught the look on her face from her orgasm. Her eyes were closed tightly and her lips were parted. There was a light sheen of sweat coating her body. Gale leaned over and nibbled the nape of her neck, grinning when she moaned again. Her eyes fluttered open and she turned to face him, finding him glistening with sweat as well. His dark hair stuck to his forehead in the most adorable fashion, his eyes were lit up in amusement. She lurched forward and captured his mouth again, sighing when his hand slid over her hip to tug her toward him. "We should probably shower," he murmured before nipping at her again. "I don't think that was very good for the tattoos." Madge tangled her fingers in his hair and grinned. "No, but very good for the soul." "That's why I suggested the shower," Gale chuckled. Madge's eyes sparkled as she leaned down, pressing a kiss to the mark on his chest before slipping out of bed and racing down the hall to the bathroom, Gale hot on her tail. AN: Make sure you check out my other stories as well!