tears in my eyes. The rest of the evening passes in a blur. "Happy birthday" I whisper to Leno as he comes offstage. "Thanks" he replies with a grin and a look that I don't recognise. We sit through the rest of the interviews and head into the elevator, but it doesn't stop at the fifth floor. "Not tonight" Felix says, and I exchange a glance with Leno, who looks as startled as me. We get up the the sixth floor and the doors open. "Surprise!" comes the ragged shout. There's a 'Happy Birthday' banner stretched right along the corridor, and both Vila and Arcturus are there, along with their escort and two disturbing figures that must be their mentors. With their yellow, sagging skin and huge hollow eyes, they're a frightening sight at first; but they're smiling and reaching out to hug Leno, and it turns out they've planned this whole thing because they heard it was his birthday and their kids are going to be our allies. I can't help feeling that it's a last happy night for all of us, because we're going to die tomorrow, but at the same time I find myself smiling even though a large part of me wants to cry. And of course the food is brilliant. They've ordered twenty different dishes for us to try, all kinds of meat and fish and fruit that none of us have ever seen before, and a huge chocolate cake with fifteen candles each burning with a different coloured flame. We eat until none of us can hold anymore, and then play games and chat until surely all the other tributes have gone to bed. Leda, the female mentor, slips away and comes back with something she hands to her male counterpart. My eyes widen as I see him raise a hand to his lips and sigh with pleasure, but I say nothing. A few minutes later I yawn openly and Felix seems to realise how late it is, and tries to usher us out. Vila runs up to Leno and kisses him full on the lips, ignoring everyone else's shocked expressions. Leno blushes redder than the strawberries we'd been gorging ourselves on earlier. Despite what the morning's going to bring, my last thought is relief that we stayed up so late and had a party, and then I fall into an exhausted sleep. Nonetheless, I'm awake as soon as dawn begins to light my room, my heart racing. I'm terrified that this is the day that I'm going to die, and I can't decide whether I want to go out quickly or whether I'm brave enough to try and stay alive for as long as possible. Because despite my reasonable aim with the knives, I'm afraid it's going to be very different when my target is a living, breathing person. There's still no sign of Hardie, and when Volumnia comes to escort me to breakfast, I'm already up and dressed, fiddling with my grandmother's bracelet as I pace up and down. When she greets me her voice is somehow softer and more reassuring than it's been before. When we get down to breakfast Leno and Felix are already deep in conversation. I assume Felix is giving some last-minute advice about how to win, and try not to feel angry. It's not Leno's fault, and I feel confident that he won't turn on me once we're in the arena. Once I sit down, they lapse into silence, and I'm in no mood to speak. Volumnia says something to Leno about not forgetting his district token and follows him back to his room. My heart begins beating faster once again as I realise I'm alone with Felix for the first time. "You're as prepared as you can be" he begins "and I can't do anything more until you actually get into the arena." He gestures to the semi-healed scratches on his face. "You've got guts, and you're not afraid of fighting. You've got a decent chance. I can only bring one of you back, but..." he seems to hesitate "I'll do my best for both of you." For a moment I think he's going to say something more, but he shakes his head slightly and spends the rest of the meal staring at his coffee cup. I don't reply. My mind is preoccupied and confused on the journey to the arena. "...or a desert, so finding shelter might be a good idea" "What?" I'm startled out of my thoughts and realise my stylist's been talking to me. I'd tuned out his high-pitched lisp while he was dressing me in a sleeveless sand-coloured top and matching trousers, with a long-sleeved shirt in the same colour and a brown hooded jacket. My boots are a comfortable dark brown, the kind that feel right even when they're brand new, and I imagine I could walk all day in them. I look down at myself, then back up at him. With his scarlet spiked hair and puce suit he looks like a giant parrot, but he's trying to help. "Oh. Sorry." He nods. "It's okay. Desert or savannah is my guess. Water might be hard to find. Your mentor probably said to avoid the cornucopia, but..." "What?" "Look around you. Grab anything you can. Anything." He emphasises the last word, and then an alarm sounds. I'm suddenly struck that this might be the last caring voice I ever hear so I fling my arms around him, resisting the temptation to sob. "Hey...hey, it's okay." he tries to sound soothing, just trying to calm me with the tone of his voice, which has risen another couple of semitones. I step away, give him a shaky smile. And then, just as I step into the tube, I say "My mother died in the Hunger Games. I don't want to end up like her." I feel a strange sense of satisfaction that for the first time in my life, I've spoken the truth.