much for the past month that my mother is getting worried and Prim seems sad because I stopped talking to her like I used to. "Inside mostly." I add. "My father has been asking about you." he tells me. "He's been wondering about your squirrels, he actually misses them." He is now standing in front of me only on the other side of the counter leaning against it. "Hungry?" "No not really, why?" I look up at him not realizing how close he was to me. "Want one?" he asks and points to the cinnamon rolls I was staring at a moment ago. I don't answer so he takes one out for me anyway. "Here." He slides it across the counter towards me. "Thanks." I half smile and pick it up in my hands. "Everything alright Katniss?" I nod my head up and down and take a bite from the cinnamon roll. It tastes so sweet and delicious and warm. "You just seem…oh I don't know, quiet. Maybe like you've been avoiding me a little bit too." "Sorry Peeta." I sigh and look down. "I just haven't really been myself lately is all." I pause. "I haven't really seen Gale either if that helps." I add. Why did I have to bring Gale into this? I'm so stupid just ask for the bread and go. What's taking Wheat and Rye so long? It doesn't take that long to ask a question? "That's okay no harm no foul." he smiles at me and I can't help but smile back. "So you will be here tonight?" "That's the plan. Or well, what my mom wants anyway." "You didn't want to go did you?" he questions me. "It's not that I don't, it's just awkward," I pause and his smile drops. "I mean it's not like your mother was ever kind to me before and now she wants me over for dinner. It's just not what I expected is all." "Well don't worry, I'll sit by you later if that'll take the tension away some." he grabs my hand with a small smile and I jerk my hand away. His smile drops again. "Sorry." he whispers. "It's okay. I actually need to be going my mom needs two loafs of bread and is waiting for me to get back." he nods and grabs two of the freshly baked loafs. "Big enough?" he asks and holds them up. "Huh?" I ask confused as my mind wanders back to my dream. 'I got something big for you and it's huge and I want you on it.' Peeta said seductively with a grin coming closer to me. 'Do you want to know what it is?' He winked at me and started to get on my bed. 'Katniss?' ... "Katniss?" Peeta says snapping me back to reality. "These okay in size or are they to big?" "Oh, um…no," I blush. "They're perfect." He shrugs and hands them to me . " It's on me Katniss, don't worry about it . You sure you're alright?" "Perfect." I say a little too fast. "Okay um thanks," I smile. "So we will just come around sunset then I guess." I say and head out the bakery without ever getting the right time from his mom or giving Peeta the chance to say another word. I run home as fast as I can not wanting to talk to anyone else about why they haven't seen me either. When I walk in the door my mom is waiting for me. "Dinner's around sunset." I say and set the bread down on the table. "Where's the cinnamon bread and icing?" She asks and I freeze. "Katniss?" My eyes widen. I can't believe I forgot that! "I um...I forgot about that." She looks disappointed. "Sorry." I mumble. "I got sidetracked." "I wanted that for breakfast." She sighs. "Prim got all excited and everything and now I have to tell her that you forgot it." I stare at her in disbelief. Is she trying to guilt trip me? "Sorry mom." I say again. "What do you want me to do, go back and get it? She smiles, and I immediately know I should not have asked. "Why yes Katniss that would be so sweet of you." I sigh wishing I never said anything. "Now go." She points towards the door. "Ugh!" I complain and stomp my way back to the bakery. I open the door and the bell rings. Peeta looks up and looks a little confused. "Forget something?" "Um yes," I walk up to him and stop. He's in front of the counter this time with Rye behind it. "She forgot to kiss you." Rye teases and laughs as we both blush. "Wow you two are so easy." "I forgot the cinnamon bread with the icing." He smiles. "My mom made me come back because Prim was 'oh so excited' to have it." I say mockingly. Peeta laughs which makes me smile. "Is that all ?" Rye asks and winks. We both just stare at each other awkwardly. "Oh you both suck. Here's your bread and icing Katniss." Rye hands it over the counter and Peeta grabs it and gives it to me. His hands brush against mine again and he blushes. "Um Katniss." Peeta says quietly so only I could hear him. "Tonight can we talk in um...well privately?" "Sure." I hesitated. "Is it about anything in particular? I whisper back. "Maybe." He smiles. "But it's nothing bad so don't worry." I just stare at him not knowing what to say next. "Don't want to keep Prim waiting do you?" He teases. I smile and stumble towards the door. How in the world does he have so much impact on me? His smile is just so breathtaking. I walk home lost in my thoughts wondering what he wants to talk to me about. A/N: Please review and tell me what you think. If you like it there will be plenty more to come.