He pauses, and his voice becomes quieter. "Of course, we never actually thought we'd use it." I can sympathize. I certainly never thought I'd be having a conversation like this . "So, what… did she have..." I stutter, not sure how to phrase this. "Did she have final wishes? For where …" Luckily, Peeta understands what I'm asking and interrupts me. "Where she'd like to be buried?" he asks gently. "No, not specifically." I sigh, relieved. "She just made it clear that she wanted to be cremated." "What?" "Something to do… with your father?" he asks carefully. "She mentioned she didn't want to spend eternity trapped in a box beneath the earth…" "Oh." Of course. Our father worked for the city, mainly repairing sewer lines deep underground. He was killed when a road collapsed on their construction site; it took them hours to dig him and the other crew members out. "You haven't…?" "No, no," he reassures. "Not yet. I would never do that without talking to you first." "Thanks." I swallow back the tears that are threatening to choke me. "I guess that's fine. I just... I'd really like to bring her home. Here." He clears his throat. "Oh, um, yeah. Sure. I mean, we don't have any other family out here, so I can see why that would make sense." I'm slightly relieved that he's not going to fight me on this. "I'm not sure how to get her back here," I think out loud. "There must be procedures for this..." "Well, wait a minute. I was kind of hoping you'd come out here first." My relief fades. Of course it wouldn't be that simple. "I mean, I'd love it if we could all meet," he continues, his voice fading and coming back as if he had moved away from the phone. "There should be some kind of ceremony. If it weren't for the baby, I'd say we could just do it out there, but I think I should try to honor our life here, too, for her sake. Even if it's small. Prim did make some friends that would..." His rambling continues, but my mind is struggling to keep up. One phrase echoes oddly inside my head: if it weren't for the baby . What baby? "Peeta, I'm sorry," I interrupt him. "You said, 'If it weren't for the baby'? What baby did you mean?" He chuckles. "Well, Lily, of course." "Who's Lily?" I ask. The silence on the other end of the phone carries on much too long for my liking, making me increasingly more uncomfortable. "Peeta?" I repeat. "Who is Lily?" "She never told you." he says, a slight question in his voice. "I thought by now she would have told you," he mutters so quietly I can barely make it out. "Peeta!" I'm getting nervous now, and trying to deny my suspicions. "Please, just tell me." "Lily –" he starts. "Lillianna - is my daughter. Our daughter. Mine and Prim's." He's done it again. Is there no end to the number of times this man will pull the rug out from under me? First, he marries my baby sister and takes her across the country away from me. Then he tells me she is gone forever. And now – this. She had a daughter ? A child she never told me about? I'm speechless. "Katniss?" Peeta asks carefully. "I know… I'm sure this must be a shock –" "She was a mother?" I finally make out. "How … how long? How old is… Lily?" "She's eight months old." Eight months? I try to do the math, and realize that Prim must have gotten pregnant shortly after they got married. Or… before? "But… when…" "I think… maybe you should talk to Rue." Peeta interrupts. I ignore the fact that he's on a first name basis with Prim's best friend as panic grabs me: does Rue even know that Prim passed away? In my grief, I haven't had the energy to reach out to any of her friends. "I've already spoken to her about Prim," he continues. "She was going to make the phone calls to their other friends to let them know." "Okay. Thank you." My head is spinning. This isn't where I thought this conversation would go. I'm overwhelmed by this news, and starting to feel like I didn't know my sister at all. Prim was married, and a mother, and had this entire life I knew nothing about, and somehow the thought makes me feel like I'm losing her all over again. Tears spring to my eyes. I wipe my nose with my sleeve and sniff into the phone. "Katniss." Peeta's voice is gentle. "I just want you to know… I'll never pretend that I knew Prim as well as you did. You were her sister for her entire life, and I got to share less than two years with her. But I do know this: she loved you. So, so much. You meant the world to her, and your opinion was so important to her. She only wanted to make you proud." "I just don't understand." My voice breaks. "Why didn't she tell me? Of course I would have supported her! She was my sister. I loved her." "I know you did. She talked about you all the time, and I know how much you did for her over the years. You did nothing wrong, Katniss." Somehow his voice is able to reach me, and I try to compose myself. "Just – give Rue a call. They talked a lot, and she can help you understand Prim's mindset." "Okay. I will." I sigh, wiping my eyes. "Thank you, Peeta." "Of course. And give me a call when you've gotten some rest so we can discuss the next steps. I'd really love for you to meet Lily." "Okay." I try to sound positive, but I'm not sure how to get through this. Thank you for reading! You can find me at tumblr: sothereff