nods. I raise my makeup bag. "I need to put all this on... and eat something..." I climb the steps and scan my bus. Up in front, Jeremiah and Freya- they're inseparable- share a seat. Harper sits alone across the aisle. My friends Eimer and Alaina are sitting together near the back. There's no room next to them, but only a row up, there's a spot next to another girl, Audrey. When I sit down next to her, she plugs her headphones in and turns away towards the window. The bus behind us starts up and pulls out of the driveway. One of the teachers up in the front of ours takes attendance one last time. A few minutes later, we've started up too, and finally are out and onto the road. I take a look out the back window of the bus as we leave, hoping to watch the school vanish into obscurity behind the trees. Instead, my gaze is captured by yet another black limousine, which glints in the sun before disappearing back towards Haversmith Academy. Million Dollar Bills by Lorde. Well, it's finally here, and I hope you're all as excited as I am. I've been planning a rewrite of Darkest Desires ever since the original story was discontinued back in October, so I guess this has been a long time coming. I couldn't commit to working on it through the spring, since it was my junior year and I was playing two sports while trying to live through the hell that is AP tests, but summer has given me a chance to finally bring this baby back. I can't wait to see where it takes us! I hope this chapter didn't drag on too long. I don't know when it reached 6,000 words, honestly. This was just an introduction to what's to come- you could consider it a third prologue, after the two that Corey posted. Go read them on his page, I'm not going to copy and paste them here. I'm much more excited for the next few chapters, as the students will begin to interact and there will be far more action and drama. My plans for this story- I have not been able to get in contact with Corey since he left this site, so while I think it's only fair that I ask his permission before I use his verse and essentially his ideas, I haven't heard anything yet, so I'm going to be posting the first few chapters now. If he decides he'd rather I not write this, then I will honor that request. For now, though, I'm going to keep working. I do plan to stick to his original placements, meaning if your tribute finished last, I'm sorry, but they will still be last. It makes it less complicated for me than to try to come up with 30 new placements, especially because, biased as I am, Chanel would probably still win. The only exception I may make to the list is Jasper's spot. His creator requested that I not use him, so I will likely just add an OC in to fill that spot and let the other tributes take care of him. I did not originally plan to write multiple POVs- the plan for a long time was just to write about Chanel, hence this introduction- but as I started receiving your guys' tributes, I found I wanted to do more with your characters than just mention them, or have a few conversations. However, I'm still not sure how many tributes I will be writing for. I may just handpick a few and keep it simple for now, since this is my first crack at a SYOT and I don't want to get in over my head. The others will still be very present in the story; I may just not write from their perspectives. Some of them are amazing but just intimidating AF, and I honestly have no clue what to do with them. I want to try to write everyone, but we'll see if it works out. Hmm, what else? Oh yeah. A HUGE thank you to everyone who supported this by sending me your forms, I probably wouldn't even have posted a chapter without you. Seriously, I tried to figure all these characters out just by their blog post, and once I started getting forms I realized I was dead wrong about pretty much everyone. So you helped me avoid a major crisis there. Might do another blog, just for shits. Just to keep track of placements and things. Undecided. Also, this is a working title and I'm considering switching it up. Let me know your thoughts on that, if you really care what this thing is called. I'm still looking for Alexander, Madison, Gwen, Harper, Dane, Doran, Nico, Shane, Trina, Giles, and Quincy, so if anyone knows who made any of those characters, please shoot me a message so that I can get in contact with them! (especially Alex, since he's the only one out of the top 13 tributes whose form I don't have) The basic premise, for the lone straggler who hasn't read Darkest Desires, yet somehow made it this far down the page: 30 seniors from a prestigious boarding school are kidnapped and forced to murder each other for a million dollar cash prize. Be the last one standing, and the money is yours. Fail to eliminate all of your competition within one week, and you are executed anyway. Anyways… It's 4 a.m. I'm exhausted. Alice Kingsleighs insisted I post this now, so while I did proofread the whole thing, I'm still not sure this is even English. Hope you enjoy, and shoot me a review if you can. Would love to hear your thoughts! Disclaimer: The Hunger Games is property of Suzanne Collins. The Hunting Club concept, the related characters, and this story's placements are JabberjayHeart's, and the tributes are yours. I only own the story I've imagined around them.