all right?" She nodded and sat upright again, massaging the sore spot while Gale got rid of the offending clutter. Old school supplies had spilled onto the floor from their deteriorating storage box. Madge pulled her knees up to her chest and rested her head on them to watch Gale. He shoved some of the junk aside, pausing as he picked up a half-smashed, small birdcage. Madge recognized it as one of the models the teachers used to show how miners carried canaries as an early warning for bad air. Gale carefully set the cage down and stared at it for so long that Madge felt it pulling him away from her. Had it triggered a memory of his father? A reminder of how different their lives were—miner and mayor's daughter? Something that made him think of Katniss? Whatever it was, for Madge the silence between them began to fill with all the reasons kissing was a bad idea. By far the biggest one: Katniss would hate them. Whatever confusion Katniss had about her feelings for Peeta and Gale, Madge hadn't missed how territorial Katniss was about Gale's time and attention during those Sunday training sessions. Madge stopped visiting on Sundays so she wouldn't have to endure any more of Katniss's suspicious glances—and because, in Madge's view, Katniss did have reason to be suspicious of Madge. So now it seemed like a betrayal of Katniss to do anything they wouldn't do if their friend were safely still in District 12. There was no way they would have started kissing if Katniss was in the room with them instead of on a train headed toward... horror after horror after horror. "Gale." He looked up at hearing Madge say his name. She took a deep breath and spoke before she could second-guess herself. "I like you." In case that hadn't been obvious when she'd nearly been in his lap a few minutes ago. "And I feel guilty about it." He nodded slowly, as though her understood. "I like you, too. And I shouldn't." He looked at her, but didn't smile. It was a confession, not a proclamation. "I can't do anything for her, haven't been able to all year... But you're here and you were upset so I thought..." He leaned back against the rolled up carpet with a resigned sigh. "Never mind." So he thought he could help her feel better; it was something actually within his ability to influence. And it had worked—she still felt the rush of excitement to have finally given in to whatever force kept pulling them together. He seemed to have liked it, too, judging by his reaction. But was it worth it? A few minutes of making out chased by hours and days of guilt? "Is this one more thing we're going to feel bad about?" Madge asked quietly. "I can't." Gale shook his head resolutely. "I have no space left to feel worse. I can't take any more or I'll..." He couldn't finish his thought, but when he looked up Madge saw how frayed he was. Probably not sleeping much. And if he was anything like her, constantly fighting images of the worst moments from all the Hunger Games they'd ever been forced to watch, unable to stop picturing Katniss and Peeta in similar situations. "I should go," Gale said after a few moments. He shifted to push himself to his feet, but Madge reached over and touched his arm. "Stay." She felt the buzz of being near him again and quickly retracted her hand. "You're the only person I want to be around right now, and I'll feel even worse than I did before if you leave." The idea of being alone again made her ache, especially after just having felt so connected to him. She grabbed the deck of cards and started dealing a new hand before he could refuse. "We both need a break from... everything out there. So let's stay here. We can play cards and... not do anything we might feel bad about later." She paused in her dealing to glance up and see what Gale thought, hoping he understood. This newest difficulty—liking one another but feeling too torn to act on it—was minor compared to everything else, but it also seemed less daunting to Madge as long as Gale, the only other person with the exact same problem, was sharing it. That had to count for something, and what else did either of them have to put in the slightly-less-bad-column lately? Gale searched her face for a moment and then reached for the small pile of cards in front of him. With a half-smile in her direction, he nodded. "Deal." A/N 2: Thanks for reading. Please leave a review and let me know what you thought. I love the Gadge pairing for so many reasons, but one of which is the complication here - how can they consider themselves good friends of Katniss while liking one another? It would of course be cleaner if Katniss/Gale were resolved, but that messiness affects a lot of other things. I do have an outline for how I'd continue this story—an AU version of Mockingjay set in District 13 where Madge and her parents survive—but my fanfic time is really limited these days so I don't know if I'll be able to follow through. I may try to write it during November for NaNoWriMo if I can swing it. Let me know if there's interest. Title inspiration for this story comes from Gale's answer in Mockingjay when Katniss asked him who else he kissed and where: " Too many to remember. Behind the school, on the slag heap, you name it." Of course, being Gadge-focused, I had to insert Madge into his kissing history. She'd probably convince herself that "behind the school" is classier than the slag heap, but I don't know about that. I think she'd be better off doing an actual comparison before deciding. It's best to be thorough. ;)