intent on her enjoyment, that each look, each moan, each glide of sweaty skin against skin was magnified. One stroke of her hips in particular had him tensing and gasping in such a delightful way that she found herself repeating the motion over and over. Finally, Peeta slid his arms around her and pulled her head down for a lingering kiss. Katniss couldn't be sure if it was the kiss or him moaning into her mouth as he trembled with release inside her which sent her over the edge as well. Katniss swore she could still see stars behind her closed eyelids a few minutes later. "I think I need a doctor." Peeta laughed as he, too, caught his breath. "Oh? That's too bad. Because I think you're going to have to find a new one." She opened her eyes to find him staring at her in a way that made every butterfly in her stomach take flight. She moved off of his lap to cover her nerves. "But I just found one I like!" "Did you?" His quiet answer was barely audible. She could feel what he was asking, though, in the rapid beat of his heart below her cheek and the gentle touch of his hand as he brushed her hair back from her face. The kindness, the intensity, the interest she had always seen in the eyes of the boy he had been were nothing compared to the man he had become. Was she brave enough, after all she had been through, to take a chance at happiness? She hoisted herself up on one elbow. "I did. And I'm not in the market to change health care providers. At least, not for a while." She couldn't mistake the look of happy relief that flashed in Peeta's eyes. He tugged her closer. "Good. Because I hear your choice isn't interested in taking new patients anymore, either. I have to be honest, though. That was probably the best…uh… therapy I have to offer." A brief tug in the region of her heart made her nip at the tribal arm band tattoo circling the arm cradling her head. "Well, in that case, maybe we should make it a recurring appointment." His chest rumbled with laughter. "Absolutely. At least once a day. Maybe more on weekends." Katniss was quiet for a moment. "Peeta," she finally asked, "It's a weekend, right? I hope you brought your lab coat home because I think this house call could take a while." -o- "You're up early." Peeta stroked his brush down the canvas, filling in a last accent. The golden light of early morning streamed into the bedroom he used as a studio from the floor to ceiling windows they had installed together several months ago. Katniss dropped a kiss on his head, his curls still tousled from sleep, and offered him a mug of steaming cinnamon tea. He put the paintbrush down on top of his pallet and placed the mug there as well. Sliding his arm around her, he carefully tucked her almost-naked skin against his and cradled her close. "What is that, exactly?" Katniss's breath caught as Peeta moved her hair to the side and nuzzled her neck. "I call it Fruit Still Life. Every dining room should have one." Peeta's hands roamed below Katniss's nightshirt, teasing and tweaking. "Your hands are cold." She considered the painting for a minute, or perhaps she just wanted to feel those hands against her skin. Despite living together for a year, she was still surprised by his need to touch her. Or by her need to be touched. "It looks like a nude woman lying on a table." Peeta bit her ear lobe. "Don't they say cold hands, warm heart ? It looks that way because I used the day we finished the dining room as inspiration." "Oh?" Katniss felt a rush of heat between her legs at both the memory and Peeta's growing erection. "Remember the first thing we did after we finished moving the furniture in?" Peeta spread her legs outside his own. He dipped his fingertips inside her until she rubbed against him, spreading her moisture while he palmed her breast. "If I remember, it was a very, very special meal." Katniss ached, remembering. Peeta had stripped her overalls off despite her laughing protests at being sweaty and dusty from painting and moving furniture. Lifting her onto the table, he had ravished her with his mouth until she was boneless and quivering. When she had claimed she was too tired to move afterward, he had carried her to the newly completed upstairs bath and they had christened the bathtub as well. "I remember." She sighed as he slid one finger inside her, then two. She gave herself up to the sensations Peeta aroused before saying reproachfully, "We don't have time for this. I want to finish the downstairs half-bath before Bee, Delly, and Jo come over for dinner tonight. It's the only room we have left." "We don't have to have it done by tonight. Besides," he coaxed as he fumbled with his briefs. "I must be doing something wrong if you're still talking." Lifting her hips, he slowly impaled her until her hips rested flush on his. He reverently eased her shirt off and kissed each inch of skin he exposed. "I'll never get tired of this." He knew he had her when she began to ride him. "Maybe we could just close the door," she breathlessly agreed. "But we are not hanging that picture in our dining room." Many thanks to Baronesskika and Doc for the beta work, as always. You guys are so special. Soamazinghere and Honeylime08 furnished the prompt that gave this story life. S2SL is a charity drive that benefits HopeforCaroline dot org. Many, many thanks to Streetlightlove for organizing the drive and keeping us all motivated, and Mr. Street for building the S2SL web site. I'm on tumblr as sohypothetically if you want to stop by!