followed behind and stood at her side when he lifted her up to sit on the counter. "So." Peeta placed a hand on each side of her. "You're worried something might happen to your daddy, right?" Ivy nodded solemnly. "But I happen to know that there has not been an accident at the mines in quite some time. Do you know why that is?" Ivy was intrigued. This was not an angle that had been presented yet by the other grown-ups in her life. She shook her head and waited for Peeta to continue. "Well, they've been mining here in District 12 for many many years. And they've learned a lot over that time. They've learned ways to make things safer for the workers, and to prevent a lot of the accidents from happening in the first place. So the truth is, there just aren't as many accidents as there used to be." Ivy's scowl softened a bit. "And also," Peeta continued, "I'm pretty sure your daddy is one of the tallest, strongest, most hard-working men in Panem. Isn't that true?" Ivy nodded slowly. Yes, Daddy was all of those things. "And I know that he can handle himself in almost any situation, even against a wild bear, for instance. Isn't that right?" Ivy nodded again. She remembered a time last summer that Daddy had encountered such a situation while hunting in the woods. Somehow he had been able to get away from the bear with just a few scratches and an incredible story. "So if he's that smart and that strong, do you think he'd really get stuck in a situation that he couldn't figure his way out of?" Ivy shook her head. This all seemed to make sense... But Peeta wasn't finished. "And even if, say, there was some sort of unexpected problem at his job… Isn't your Grandma Everdeen the best healer in all of District 12? Why, she'd fix him right up! Wouldn't she?" Of course she would! Ivy couldn't wipe the smile off her face now. Grandma could fix just about anybody who walked through her door. Why didn't she think of that? Peeta touched a finger to the tip of her nose. "I don't know about you, but I think we've solved this one. What do you think, Ivy?" She threw her arms around him and put her chin on his shoulder. "Thank you, Peeta!" He stepped back and put his hands on his hips. "No more worrying?" Ivy shook her head, and almost instantly, her stomach let out a loud growl. She was starting to regret not eating her dinner last night. Or breakfast this morning. Peeta gave her a grin. "Now we can move on to more important matters: cheese bun, or cinnamon bun?" Ivy tapped her finger on her chin as though she was debating, but there was only one answer to that question. "Cheese bun!" "On the double!" Peeta lifted her down off the counter and she curled into her mother's side while he went around back to get her a fresh, warm bun. She ate it quickly, a soft dusting of flour coating her hands and cheeks. "So, Miss Ivy, what kind of cupcake would you like for your birthday?" "Oh, Peeta, no, we can't afford that. We were just going to get the usual cookie," Mama explained. "Nonsense," Peeta dismissed. "Any little girl who loves her Daddy this much deserves a special cupcake for her birthday." Mama looked worried. "But Gale, he-" "- can bring me an extra squirrel next time he stops by." Peeta offered. "And we'll call it even." He looked at Mama, his eyes pleading. "Please, Katniss. Let me do this." Ivy watched as the two adults negotiated, and she was excited to hear Mama agree to the birthday cupcake. Mama watched quietly as she and Peeta planned out the details for a chocolate cupcake with red frosting decorated with a tiny bow and arrow made out of sugar. She couldn't wait to share it with Mama and Daddy. This was going to be the best birthday ever. Before they left, she tugged on Mama's hand and pulled her down to whisper a question in her ear. Mama nodded, nudging her to handle the rest of the transaction on her own. "Peeta, I'd like to get a special cookie for my Daddy. We're going on a picnic tomorrow!" "A picnic sounds like a lot of fun." He finished wiping the counter, and met Ivy at the trays of cookies inside the case. "What's your daddy's favorite cookie?" Ivy looked over the selections with a puzzled expression. "I don't really know… What's your favorite cookie, Peeta?" Customers must not ask Peeta about his favorites very often, because he seemed surprised by the question. "I, um, well, I really like a sugar cookie, I guess." Ivy beamed. "Then that's what I want to get him. One of the ones with red sugar, please! Red is my favorite!" Peeta gave her a smile and wrapped the cookie up in wax paper before handing it to her in a little bag. "I remember, Ivy. I remember everything about you." Mama and Peeta said their goodbyes, and Ivy waved to Peeta one last time through the shop window. He watched them as they walked away. Ivy held the bag in one hand and Mama's hand in the other. They chatted happily about their upcoming picnic, and made plans to invite Grandma and aunt Prim to dinner soon. Ivy thought about red ribbons and chocolate cupcakes; about collecting pretty autumn leaves and practicing with her bow. She thought about Mama and Daddy, Grandma, and Nana, and aunt Prim and Posy, and all of her uncles; of the nice people in the Hob and in town. Mama and Daddy were right - she might live in the Seam, but she knew she was a very lucky little girl. Thank you for reading! If you want to chat, visit me on tumblr: sothereff