our tea in silence. "What happened to Madge last night?" I ask him. "She crashed in my room too." I gawk. "Let me get this straight: you dress like you're from Abercrombie. You're hotter than Brad Pitt in Fight Club. You held hair back for two girls last night, let them crash in your room and can bake like this? What's the catch? Because you've got to be a pervert, or killed someone or something." He grins at me and it's boyishly sweet. It makes me want to deck my roommate and tell her to wise up. "Thanks, I think. I don't think I'm a pervert. And I haven't killed anyone that I know of…" I snort. "The pervs never think they're perverted." "I'm a totally normal guy." "Sure you are." "No really. What you see is what you get." He holds his hands out, palms up. I bit into a scone and close my eyes. This is heaven. "Then she's a fucking idiot." The words are still hanging in the air when I see his eyes grow wide. Speak of the devil. Katniss is a pretty quiet walker, so I'm placing bets that he's jittery all of a sudden because it's her standing behind me. "Good morning, sunshine." I throw over my shoulder in her direction. Katniss is not a morning person and she looks like hell: her braid is askew, her green t-shirt has a stain on it that smells like tequila and she is frowning with eyes that barely seem to be open at all. She winces at the loudness of my voice. Her voice is much softer when she greets us. And by us I really mean him. She is already ignoring me. "Good morning, Peeta. I hope you don't mind, but Madge will be down in a couple of minutes. Then you can have your room back." Peeta ( that's his name!) is already up and moving around the kitchen. He puts a cup of coffee, a glass of water and an aspirin in front of her without even needing to be asked. It makes me want to punch him. Grow a set, man! Katniss nods her thanks and takes the pill, then drinks the water thirstily. Peeta nudges a muffin in her direction but Katniss shakes him off. Sometimes she is such a bitch. I snatch the muffin and eat it myself. We hear a commotion on the steps, a soft giggle and a louder, decidedly male one. I swear I recognize at least one of those voices….Sure enough, it's Madge and Gale, acting chummy. "Hey, Peet. I was just telling Madge how great your muffins are. She's in for a real treat." Peeta's gotten quiet all of a sudden. I look over at him curiously, then at the couple just joining us. Madge's smile seems to be sliding off her face. She suddenly looks…well…guilty. Why would Madge look guilty? It's not like she boned Gale last night . The prick hasn't even acknowledged me. Two things hit me simultaneously: Katniss doesn't know that I was with him followed quickly by Holy crap. Madge likes Gale. What the fuck happened while they were all in high school? I'm staring from one face to another in abject fascination. Katniss looks like she might throw up again, Peeta looks more hurt by the minute. Madge fidgets like she is trying to hide something. Only Gale still has the cool confident look of Matt Bomer. Damn his strong jawline all to hell and damn him for his total lack of loyalty to Katniss. I hate a man who needs more than one woman. No, I am not a fucking hypocrite. I'm not talking about monogamy versus anything else. I'm not even talking about physicality. I'm talking about a man (or woman) who needs the emotional attention of more than one partner to feel whole. Whether it's because they are insecure, or because they are an attention whore, being an emotional vampire is just not cool. I'm trying to read into the suddenly oppressive silence that has fallen over the room when I feel my cell phone vibrating. It almost jolts me clear out of my seat. I look at the screen: it's Brian. Fucking Brian! No way am I picking up now. This is just too juicy to leave alone. Gale is eating a muffin looking like he owns the place. The ladies look clearly uncomfortable. Peeta looks like he wants to crawl into a hole and die. I decide to take matters into my own hands. After all, I am a lady of action and Peeta is a man seriously lacking in game. "So, Peeta. Exactly how long have you been in love with my roommate?" I can see the Boom ! on their faces when I launch that grenade right into the center of the room. Peeta looks stunned, frozen in place like a rabbit. I feel my cell phone vibrate again and judiciously ignore it just so I can watch Gale go from satisfied to brooding, Madge's fidget-y guilt clear and Katniss…well, the most surprising look is Katniss's. I thought she'd be mad at the attention, or flattered but humble that a hot guy likes her. I thought it would be the only way to deflect questions about my time in a frat house all night seemingly alone with carnal knowledge of her high school crush. Instead, she's staring at Peeta. Is that a fucking blush? I ignore the third vibration in my pocket: this is way better than Brian. This is better than being stuck in an elevator with the entire baseball team. I grab a chocolate muffin and take a satisfying bite. If that look on Everdeen's face means what I think it means, there will be a whole lot more baked goods around my dorm room in the coming months. This year just got a lot more interesting. (A/N: Special thanks to Baroness Kika and Sighing39 for the cheerleading on this.)