Cornucopia del Mar," the blond man said smugly, putting his arm around the dark-haired woman. "Katniss is allergic to shellfish," Gale said as he picked up his beer again and took a sip. Madge might have been imagining it, but thought she detected a hint of matching smugness in his tone. "They have other stuff, too," said the dark-haired woman—Katniss, Madge guessed. Even though Katniss had responded to Gale's comment, she was focused on Madge, studying her critically. She didn't say anything and her inspection wasn't overtly hostile, though it wasn't friendly either. After an uncomfortable space of time had passed and it was obvious that everyone was waiting for him to make introductions, Gale grudgingly said, "Katniss, this is Madge. Madge, Katniss. And Peeta," he added, nodding toward his sweater contest competitor. Madge nodded and said hello, thinking inwardly how awkward it was to be chatting with Gale while his office party was still straggling on. Her plan, as successful as it had been, was not without flaws. "Oh," Katniss said, recognition dawning on her face as she turned to Gale. "Oh! Madge. Madge, as in short for Margaret?" she asked Madge directly. "Yes...?" "See you guys tomorrow," Gale said abruptly, standing to ostensibly pat Peeta on the back, though it was obvious to Madge that he was trying to steer the visiting couple away. It worked: Peeta and Katniss left, after Katniss reminded Gale that they were meeting some surveyors the next morning at eight and that she didn't care how hungover he was, he wasn't going to make her do all the talking again. "Fine, yeah," Gale said as he shooed them away. "Sorry," he told Madge. "Hanging around here wasn't the brightest idea I've ever had." "Does that woman know me?" Madge asked, watching Katniss walk over to the elevator. Gale shot an irritated look in Katniss's direction, and Madge saw the other woman flash an overly-sweet smile back, accompanied by a cutesy wave. "She... may have helped me look you up on your company's website," Gale said reluctantly. Madge blinked. "You... looked me up?" "Yeah." Gale sighed and then shrugged. He looked resigned to his embarrassment; there was only so much you could do to climb out of a pit when someone had already pushed you in. Madge knew because she'd been in that same pit many times (most recently not even half an hour ago). She bit her lip to keep from beaming and then confessed, "I tried to figure out where you worked, too. But I didn't know which floor you were on." Gale didn't respond, and instead focused on swirling his beer. Madge started to worry that she'd said too much. He'd seemed happy to see her in the bar, but maybe telling him she'd tried to find out where he worked was going too far. Guys liked do be the pursuers, didn't they? As she struggled for something to say to salvage the situation, Gale set his beer down with a sigh and pushed it away. "42." Madge hesitated. "The answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe, and everything?" The corner of Gale's mouth quirked upward, but then he shook his head. "No, I work on the 42nd floor." "The— what ?" Madge pulled his messenger bag prize closer and examined the logo. BT & Associates. She'd seen the name on the building directory but always assumed it was a law firm; it hadn't even been on her radar when she was trying to figure out where Gale worked. It also hadn't occurred to her that he might work on one of the floors below hers. Gale looked miserable. "Have you ever done something stupid? Made a big fucking mistake that you couldn't see your way out of? Maybe it starts out as something you don't consciously think about—like not getting off on your own floor because you're distracted by a pretty girl—and then you do it again because you want to know more about her and were too much of an idiot to remember where she got off the first time, but then you realize you have to stick with it and you're actually just a dumbass who now has to backtrack six, no, seven, floors every morning? 'Cause I've done that, and let me tell you: it sucks." He watched Madge with a sheepish expression. "Sorry," he added. "What for?" "Being a creep. I couldn't even ask you out because I'd screwed things up before even getting a chance." Madge studied him thoughtfully. "Creepiness is in the eye of the beholder. You never made me feel uncomfortable. And I wouldn't be sitting here if I picked up on the slightest creep vibe from you." This guy's vibes were hotness with a dash of wholesomeness. "Also," she added as an afterthought, "who am I to throw stones?" She shrugged and gestured to the entirety of the restaurant, reminding him that she'd essentially shown up to his office party to find him. He got it, and let out a relieved laugh. His warm, hearty chuckle that made Madge feel lighter, and she found herself laughing along with him. "Actually," Madge said, "I wish I'd thought to skip my own floor so I could follow you to yours." "It wouldn't have worked. We'd both have just stayed on until the top." "And... ended up here?" Madge nudged his knee with her own. He grinned, clinking his beer with her glass. "And ended up here." Author's Note 2: The reference to 42 is from Douglas Adams' book The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy , and was also inspired by DamnDonnerGirls for making Gale's hockey jersey #42 (because obviously Gale is the Answer). Someone on tumblr asked for a continuation of this story and I do have something, I just need to put the finishing touches on it. I kind of like the ending here, but I did have a little more in mind so I wrote it up. Thanks for reading!