of her breasts and down her stomach. Madge writhed below him, antsy from what he was going to do. Her last boyfriend never bothered anything like that . Gale kissed her legs apart and nosed his way between her thighs. "This okay?" he breathed. "I—" she panted. "I've never had—" Gale's head lifted so quickly he was surprised his neck didn't break. "You've never had anyone do this to you?" he asked. Madge shook her head, refusing to open her eyes. "No way in hell I'm stopping now, then." She moaned and gripped the sheets even tighter. Gale dipped back down between her legs and slid his index finger down her slit. Madge let out a shaky breath and lost herself in the sensation. He continued running his fingers down her and her hips started to roll in time. Gale dipped down and licked across her clit which was now nice and wet. Her hips rocked faster as he worked. "Oh…" Madge groaned and writhed beneath him. "Gale…" He reached up to hold her thighs apart and lapped again, putting on more pressure. " Ah ." "Where do you want it?" he murmured. "Madge, baby." "There," she breathed. "Oh, God ." Gale plunged deeper. "Here?" She moaned out his name. He slid a finger inside her. "There?" Her entire body was quivering by now. He worked his hand inside her as his tongue slid across her clit. Madge whined loudly, thrusting her hips upward again. She started begging, "Please," she panted. "Gale, I-I need you now ." With each lick he put more pressure on her clit, and before she could say anything else she cried out his name, writhing below him. He felt her contract and let her ride out her orgasm. He kissed up her stomach and heaving chest, over her sweaty body until he reached her face. When Madge opened her eyes they were still hazy, as though she had been dreaming. Gale couldn't help but grin as she slid her hand up her chest. "What was that?" she croaked. "You tell me," he smirked. Madge pushed herself from the bed and let her lips crash against his. He groaned when she bit his bottom lip and grunted as she latched her legs around his waist. Madge twisted until he was below her and Gale was definitely up for that. Her hair stuck to her forehead in wisps from the sweat. "What now?" "I told you to lie here," Madge said. She inched backwards until running into his cock. Gale's eyebrows shot to his forehead. "You still have that condom?" His hand immediately stretched for the foil packet on the nightstand and he thrust it in her direction. She ripped it open with her teeth and moved over his dick before sliding it over his length. Gale watched in awe as she nibbled on her bottom lip. "I'm gonna need some help," she said quietly. "Alright," he nodded quickly. Madge laughed and reached for his hands, pulling them up to rest on her hips. "Is this actually happening?" "I want to try it," she breathed. Her hands grasped his cock and tugged upward, Gale groaned under his breath. Madge lifted herself up and he helped guide his was into her. All at once Gale was in pieces. "Fuck, Madge," he growled. She was so tight . When he had the strength to open his eyes he found her with her mouth open, perpetually frozen in bliss. Gradually, she sunk onto him. "Shit." Madge mewed above him. "You feel so good," Gale moaned. His hold on her hips tightened, they both knew there would be bruises in the morning. "Start moving," he pleaded. Slowly, she began to go. After a few minutes she had a rhythm going, her hips bouncing against his. Every time she sunk onto him Gale thrust upward, meeting her drive. He pulled her down so her skin was flush against his, taking her into his mouth. Gale groaned her name as she moved, her breasts bouncing as she went. She sucked along his neck, her teeth clamping down on his collarbone when he thrust into her. With a growl Gale rolled them so she was on her back. He pulled out to readjust himself and then plunged into her again, Madge crying out his name as he did. Her hands ran over his chest and her legs locked around his hips. "Gale," she panted. "I-I'm…" "Me too," he grunted. One of his hands slipped down to her cunt and teased her clit as he pounded. Tiny moans escaped her as she arched her hips into him. "Madge," he warned. "So close," she whimpered. "I'm s-so close." Gale bit down on his bottom lip to stop himself from cumming and thrust into her again. "You're so sexy," he murmured. "God, Madge, you don't even know." " Oh ," his fingers slid deeper into her. "Say my name," he whispered. Gale thrust into her again and her hands fell back to the sheets, gripping like they had earlier. " Fuck , Madge." " Gale ," she whined. "I-I… oh! " Madge fell to pieces below him. " Gale! " The shuddering of her body and clenching of her muscles sent him over the edge, and with another thrust he released into her, crying out her name. She was still shaking when he pulled out and sunk down next to her. Both of them were panting when he kissed across her collarbone. Finally her eyes fluttered open. He lunged forward and pressed his mouth to hers, grinning as her mouth curved into a smile. "Am I allowed to stay the night?" he asked as they parted for air. Madge laughed, shoving at his chest before he wrapped his arms around her. She snuggled up next to him and he nosed at the hickeys on her neck. "Can I tell you something?" "Mmm, sure." He kissed her throat and pulled her closer. "You're ex-boyfriend was a fucking idiot."