have your back. Whatever I have is yours." She saw how serious he was, and how easy it was for him to give her everything, which made her even more embarrassed about her parents springing that horrible pre-nup on him, setting up a situation to haggle over every last dollar. "But," Gale added, "I get what you're saying about proving this stuff to yourself, and I'm 100% behind whatever you want to do." She knew he would be and was grateful for it, but that didn't change the fact that she was facing a giant chasm of potential discord with her parents between wanting independence and getting it. How would she ever find the right words to tell them to forget the past three months of planning, she and Gale had changed their minds on the wedding, and by the way wouldn't be signing the pre-nup either so please feel free to take her name off any assets they wanted to use to control her major life decisions? First would come the insinuations that Gale had manipulated her, followed by the recriminations about how much they'd invested her in education and how could she just throw everything away that they'd given her? She smiled weakly at Gale and crossed her arms over her stomach, which was already starting to feel queasy. "Madge? What is it?" Gale asked, concern softening his voice. "It's just... going to be hard," she said quietly. "They won't be happy with me." "They'll come around." Madge wasn't so sure about that. She stared glumly at a scuffmark on the hardwood floor in front of her. "They have this... slow-burn disapproval that... lingers. When I do something they don't like, they'll keep bringing it up, like tonight at dinner when my dad started harping about me going to business school, or how they think we're too young to get married." Gale sat silently for a few moments, and then said, "I think it's brave of you to be willing to set these limits with them." "It doesn't feel brave. I feel like an ungrateful brat, disappointing them and causing them more stress—" "No. Stop. It's brave. Standing up to them takes guts. You've got this idea that you have to do what they want for them to love you, but that's not how it works. They love you. I know they do. And even if they do get upset, it won't last. Look at the things you've already done that they haven't been happy about—majoring in music, moving here to work with the symphony and be with me, getting engaged. Those are all things that you know were the right decision. They've tried to adjust—not as hard as they should be and obviously they're not above using every trick they can think of to change your mind—but at the end of the day they want the best for you. It'll just take some time for you to show them that your definition of best is the one that matters. It'll happen, though." Madge wished she could borrow some of Gale's certainty. "Can we just skip ahead to five years from now when this is all sorted out?" she asked wearily, rubbing her eyes to chase the sticky, dry feeling away. In five years, Gale would be a successful business owner with dozens of employees, totally dominating the tri-state market, she would be doing... something she liked and actually got paid for, and her parents would see that they had nothing whatsoever to worry about. "No skipping ahead," Gale said solemnly. "I'm not missing even five seconds of our life together. This stuff—the hard stuff—is just as important as the fun stuff." She looked over at him, surprised at his seriousness. He was right, and she was flooded again with the conviction that she wanted to spend the rest of her life with him. Everything else in her life could be a swirling mess, but Gale was always going to be on her side, always ready with a warm embrace and the words she needed to hear, difficult or not. He made her feel like the luckiest person in the world. "Have I told you today how much I love you?" she asked, grabbing his collar to pull him closer. He pressed his forehead to hers. "Yeah. In a million little ways. Though," he said as he glanced at Madge's door, "I can think of a few more ways." He grinned mischievously and asked, "You want to stay here, or are you ready to start slumming it at my place?" "Don't say that," Madge said, ducking and burying her head in his neck. She was still embarrassed she'd let on how much she preferred her house to his. Dealing with his roommates, who never met a dirty plate they didn't mind leaving in the living room for days on end, was a small price to pay. When she peeked up, she could see Gale watching her with raised eyebrows and the trace of a smirk. "I know my house isn't decent , but doesn't a little indecency sound pretty good?" That did it—she started laughing. She stood up and pulled him to his feet as well. "Indecency sounds perfect. I just need to grab some things in here first." Gale slid his arms around her waist as she unlocked the door. "I love you, too, Madge," he murmured into her ear, sending a delicious tingling sensation down her spine. "And we're going to be all right." "I know," Madge said with a smile, leaning back into him. Author's Note: I got the idea for this story after listening to a podcast that talked about pre-nups. It seemed like a Gadge plotline waiting to happen, and I wanted to write about some of the complications that could arise in an established Gadge relationship. Please let me know what you thought! And: HUGE thank you to the lovely and generous DamnDonnerGirls for giving me helpful suggestions on an earlier draft!