at the prompt and winced at the number of messages he'd missed. His mom telling him their schedule for the weekend so he'd know where to find them if they weren't at home when he got there. Posy reporting that one of her teeth was loose. Katniss. "Gale, I'm really, really sorry, but something came up. Coach invited some of us to a retreat at the university cabin to talk about training next semester and I really need to go, so it won't work out for you to pick me up. Call me to let me know you got this." "Me again. Haven't heard from you and wanted to be sure you weren't taking a big detour to pick me up from school. I don't want to make your trip any longer than it already is. I really hope you get this message in time. Maybe you're in an area with bad coverage or can't pick up on the highway. Can't wait to see you back home." "Hi. Trying again. I'm not sure what your driving schedule is, but hopefully you get this before having to turn off the freeway. We're driving up to the cabin now. They tell me the cell reception is crap so I won't be able to talk. I really hope you get these messages. I'll be back home on Tuesday. We can catch up then. Talk to you soon." That was the last one. Apologetic, but not necessarily longing for him. That last message had sounded kind of formal; she'd probably been with her team. When else would Katniss say "catch up" like they were old ladies who'd missed a gossip session? What happened to the old Katniss who'd call him at all hours of the day to see if he was free to go for a run? All she'd say then was, "Ready to get your ass kicked into next Thursday? Five a.m. by the broken fence. No excuses." Well, he knew why she wouldn't say that anymore. His damn knee. She really would kick his ass into next Thursday. Hell, next month. She was varsity at the university and he wasn't even running anymore. He looked up and noticed Madge waiting for him. Impatiently. "Did she say anything about—" He cut himself off. He'd been about to ask if Katniss had said anything about him, but he refused to be pitiful. Especially in front of Madge Undersee. "Never mind," he muttered, handing the phone back to her. "Thanks." Madge surprised him with a question. "Where were you again, exactly? I know it was out west." "North Dakota." "Doing some new type of mining?" He nodded, feeling defensive again. She had to know about the mining because of her father, and he suspected she knew more about him through Katniss than she was letting on. He fought another flare of jealousy that she knew so much more about Katniss than he did now. He noticed some shots of Katniss in the photographs above Madge's desk and picked his way through the chaos to study them. There were a lot of Katniss and Madge, like he expected. Katniss looked happy, usually smiling. He felt a pang that he'd missed out on what seemed to be a happy phase of her life, but mostly he was glad she'd been able to enjoy herself. She'd been so serious in high school, so focused on training and getting a scholarship, which she'd done. She deserved to enjoy the rewards of all her hard work. He was proof that things didn't always work out for everyone. "Who's this guy?" he asked Madge, pointing at a blond kid who was in a lot of the pictures. "One of my friends from my high school." The blond kid looked awfully smiley. Kind of goofy. That sort of levity annoyed Gale. Although maybe his irritation was also because the blond kid with his arm around Katniss in that one picture. He also had his arm around Madge, though, so maybe it was one of those "everyone smile, I'm taking a picture!" shots. Maybe they were drunk, which was also weird to think about. Katniss had always been so strict about her training regimen in high school. No drinking, no partying, no dating. "She dating anyone?" he asked before he could stop himself. The need to know outweighed having to ask Madge Undersee. Madge hesitated, which was not the answer he'd been hoping for. Or expecting. "I don't know," she said. He glared at her. Nothing other than a full-throated, automatic "No" would have been acceptable. "The end of the term gets a little crazy," she explained. "Finals parties, people blowing off steam..." He took her in disarrayed appearance and suspected she was speaking from personal experience. "I haven't seen her much the past week." Then Madge stood a little straighter and glared at him again. "Anyway, it's her business. Talk to her yourself." He would if he could, but instead he was left scraping for whatever tidbits of information he could glean from Madge. What was wrong with the world? He glared back at Madge, wishing he could legitimately blame her for everything that had gone wrong in his life over the past year. The knee surgery, losing his scholarship, coming up with a Plan B in North Dakota that took him away from everything he knew... "I need to keep packing," Madge said coldly, clearly trying to get rid of him. He snorted. "Looks like you need to start packing." His arrival had clearly been the only reason she dragged her sorry self from her bed. He knew a hangover when he saw one. "You were sleeping it off, Princess." Possibly not alone, at least earlier, if he were to guess. Unless rich girls always slept in skimpy lingerie in their dorm rooms. Apparently college had also loosened her up. "Good-bye," she said firmly, moving to hold the door open for him. He shot her a snide look and walked out.