same time, it angers me as well. If the other countries saw how awful the Capitol was treating its citizens, then why did they not step in? Why did they just sit there and laugh at us? Or what if those other places were just as bad as the Capitol…maybe even worse? In school, we were taught that there were other places, once, but they disintegrated into sand and broke down into numerous particles that lay at the bottom of the ocean. I didn't buy it, but I didn't spend too much time reflecting on it, seeing as I was too busy occupied with finding food for my family. I look back at Peeta, who has now turned on his side, and is facing me. "I…" I start, looking into his expectant eyes, not knowing what to say. "Yes," I say, finally, "I've thought about it." "Panem…" Peeta says, his eyes shifting, his face adopting a downcast look, "Is full of…memories…that…" He exhaled sharply. I grow increasingly uncomfortable, and am slightly fearful he'll relapse. "What is it, Peeta?" I say, gently. I reach out to touch his shoulder, which is trembling slightly. At my touch, he loosens up considerably. "Everywhere I go, I think of everything that happened. Doesn't matter what district I visit. Doesn't matter what I do there. I think. And those thoughts torment me." His pensive eyes sweep mine, willing for a response. And I give it. "What are you trying to say, Peeta?" "I want to leave Panem." Before, I would have laughed at him and maybe even said he was an idiot for thinking so. But now…if I had the gall to want to leave District 12 before, then what was stopping me now? I decided to voice my thoughts. "But Peeta…we don't even know what's out there…" A gleam, that familiar gleam which always used to be in his eyes has reappeared, the first time in a long time. "No. We won't know unless we look." "What if we get killed out there, Peeta?" I say, my voice sounding indifferent, my thoughts in contrast to that tone. "We've thought things like that before," he pointed out. We are silent once more, musing over what he had just said. Possibilities. Chances. Opportunities. "It's a safe haven here," I say, although I don't fully believe it, "Why would we want to go?" "I don't believe you really think that," he said. I bite the inside of my cheek, but then immediately stop myself, as that was a nasty habit, and made eating painful. "No," I admitted, "I don't. I'm scared of going out there. And how would we even go? It's insanity." "We could ask Plutarch…" "But then it'd be a whole expedition. And I really don't want a million cameras being pointed in my face." "We'll figure something out. We'll get a boat." "A boat? A dingy boat?" "Well…" "What if we starve to death because we can't find anything?" "We'll bring plenty of food." "But what if we run out?" He sighed, and smoothed a hand over his features. "You're crushing my dreams." "I'm sorry," I say, "I'm a realist." "Look where that's gotten us," he suddenly said, almost mockingly. I don't know what to say. I don't know if that's targeted at the…Hunger Games, or Panem, or me in general, and all of my mistakes. I subconsciously turn my back to him, a wrinkle forming between my eyebrows. I feel the slightest pressure on the small of my back, and goosebumps erupt as I realize it's Peeta's hand. "I wasn't trying to make you upset," he says, and his hand leaves my flesh, the ghost of it still imprinted. "I know," I say. And he wasn't. He's not the same person. And I'm too cynical. I have to remember that. "It's late," he says. "I've got to go. I'll…we'll…" "We'll talk about it tomorrow," I offer, sitting up. He's gotten up, and is walking out the bedroom door. Once in the kitchen, he gathers up his various tools, and places them gently in his bag. "Oh," he says, "I've almost forgotten." He reaches into the bag, and pulls out a lumpy piece of cloth. I raise my eyebrows slightly, and take the package. I open it to reveal two blueberry muffins, which have cooled off by now, but still smell divine. The crust is golden, and the blueberries have oozed their violet juice through the tan color of the top. "It looks amazing," I say, looking up at him. "Tastes even better," he says, cracking a small smile, avoiding my gaze as he ties his bag shut. "I bet," I say, and follow him to the door. I open it, and a zephyr barrels through, nipping at both of our faces. "You're right, it is cold." "Yes," he says, looking at me. "I'll consider what you said," I say. "You don't have to. It's dumb." "No," I say, almost weakly. "Goodnight, Katniss," Peeta says, and nods towards me. I say goodnight as well, and shut the door softly. Author's note: Hey, there! The Hunger Games are a wonderful book series, and I've been obsessed with Katniss and Peeta since day one. At the end of Mockingjay, I wanted to know how exactly they found each other again, and decided to make up my own version of how they leave Panem and embark on a crazy journey. This writing style, for this story, is a bit different from my usual, which consists of long sentences and is very descriptive. I usually do third person as well. I decided to do first because that's how the Hunger Games are written. I'm also nervous, because I've never wrote for this fandom before. It's rated M for sexual situations in later chapters (not so late compared to my other 2 stories). There may be one or two gory nightmares I'll throw in at random in the story. Depends. Don't be shy to leave reviews! :) -skywriter23 xoxo