You didn't even want to have this stupid dinner!" "Maybe seeing him brought back memories," she says. "Or maybe his curls were more interesting than you thought they'd be." Katniss blinks, her mouth gaping slightly. "You're jealous," she whispers. She drops her brush, a look of understanding spreading across her face. "That's why you were acting like that." "What? I am not!" "You are," she repeats. "Prim-" "Don't be ridiculous, Katniss. I'm not jealous of you and stupid Peeta Mellark. I don't even know what you're talking about." I pull my covers up over my shoulder and turn my back to her. "Prim, come on. I'm sorry. I didn't-" "Good night," I say, squeezing my eyes shut and willing myself not to do something stupid like cry. "Where on earth have you been?" Peeta's waiting on his rock, feet dangling in the water and a drawing pad on his lap. "I was starting to wonder if you found a better swimming spot." "Nope. Just needed a break." I pull off my t-shirt and toss it on the grass before jumping into the water with a happy sigh. I've missed this place. I tried to stay away, but after three days of avoiding the inevitable encounter with Peeta, I couldn't take it anymore. It's been easier to keep avoiding Katniss, though. She's never home anyway. "I'm sorry if I hurt you in some way, Prim," Peeta says, a genuine look of regret on his face. "You're a good friend. I didn't mean to ignore you the other night." I don't answer, diving under the water and coming back up to smooth out my wet hair. "Are we okay now?" he asks. One errant curl dips down over his eye as he watches me worriedly. It's hard to stay mad at him. "We're fine," I say, rolling my eyes dramatically. "Good." He nods and gives me a relieved smile. "I've missed you." "Me, too," I admit, swimming back over closer to him. "What are you working on?" I ask, nodding up to the book in his lap. "Uh…" He quickly flips past the page he was working on to another. "A whole bunch of stuff. Like that tree over there." He shows me a pencil drawing that looks remarkably like the big oak on the side of the creek. "Wow, that's beautiful." "Thanks," he says with a shrug. "It's nice to pick up a pencil at the end of the day instead of another tool." "How is everything going on the farm?" "Pretty good. Dad's learning a lot about on what he wants to grow next year, and I'm getting a lot better at fixing up the old machinery. I've almost got the tractor up and running." "That's great, Peeta!" "Thanks," he says, a proud smile creeping to his cheeks. "So… How is everything at your house?" "It's fine," I say. "Same old stuff, different day." "How's… uh…" He fidgets with the binding on his book. "How's Katniss doing?" My heart sinks at his hopeful tone. "She's fine, too. I guess. I never see her. She's always at work." I splash water at his feet, eager to change the subject. "Hey, why don't you swim, too? You hardly ever get wet." He puts his drawing book safely under a tree and takes off his shirt. "I'll come in," he says. "But... I don't really know how to swim." "You don't?" We've been meeting up for three weeks now, and I never noticed that he didn't swim. He wades, and splashes around with me, but now that I think about it, he's never gone under the water or to the deeper parts of the creek. "Yeah. Never really learned." "Do you want to learn? I can teach you." He wades in to his waist. "Maybe some other time. Gotta get my head around it first." He walks a little closer to where I'm treading water. "Besides, you don't need to know how to swim to do this-" He cups his hands in the water and sends a wave in my direction. I squeal and splash back at him, and he retaliates. The two of us take turns soaking each other with torrents of water. I laugh harder than I have in weeks, and for just a little while, I let myself pretend that he is mine. That he wants me for his own. That there is no one else in the world that could come between us. The next night, I wake to someone shuffling and the sound of our bedroom door closing. I sit up and glance around the room, the glow from the moon revealing that Katniss is not in bed. According to my clock, it's after 1 AM. At first, I assume she's gone to the bathroom, until I hear the front screen door close and soft voices drift through the open window. I peer through the curtains to see Katniss, still in her nightgown, talking to someone in the shadows. They're whispering, so I can't make out the conversation. She moves closer and takes the person's hands between her own. He steps closer to her and I gasp as I recognize the head of curls, glowing white in the moonlight. Peeta reaches his hands up to her neck, and cups her face before slowly leaning forward to place a kiss on her lips. He pulls back and seems to pause, waiting for her reaction. Unlike the scene I witnessed with Gale, she reaches her arms under his and around his back, pulling him close. She initiates the kiss this time, and it quickly grows passionate, their hands reaching and touching and caressing through it all. I lay back on my pillow, heartbroken, and let the tears fall. A/N - I originally started this story back in 2014, and finally finished it for the Prompts in Panem - Everlark Final Tribute challenge. There is one more part which I will be posting in the near future. Thank you for reading!