chocolate quickly setting the mug on the small table in front of them before shifting his body to where he was facing her a bit more. "You know the Victory Tour is coming up." Both could hear how his voice had lost some of its casualness and they both knew why that was. "Yeah it is. The first time there will be two Victors on it." Cato scoffed lightly falling back against the arm of the couch wincing when his back hit it just a tad too hard. "Snow had to give in to the Capitol people, there's nothing they adore more than young love." He rolled his eyes as he thought of the 'Star-Crossed Lovers' of District Twelve. The whole time he and Clove had been watching the Games last year and rallying up sponsors for their tributes they had to listen to Haymitch Abernathy jabber on and on about his own two in the arena, somehow even getting into Seneca Crane's ear after the death of a little girl. There had been talk of rebellion. "Do you ever feel like they had it too easy in the Games? Halfway through teams were allowed; you and I and not even their drunk mentor had that luxury. The whole point of the Games is you go in, do the job, and come out. But now with the stunt they've pulled the spark of rebellion is heating up." Cato rubbed his hands down his face the heaviness of their conversation making itself known. "The last thing we need is rebellion." Clove forcefully slammed her mug down on the table some of the liquid sloshing over the top and the glass creaking in protest. "The whole reason I wasn't scared to have Andrew was because I knew if I didn't want to put him in the academy for the Games I didn't have to, there's plenty of kids to volunteer. But now with rebellion? I don't want that in his life." "Everything's more dangerous now. Especially with it being a Quarter Quell year." He cast his eyes upward where he knew Andrew's room was located right above their heads. He hoped Clove's outburst hadn't woken him up, the kid was impossibly difficult about going to sleep in the first place, trying to make him go back to sleep required a miracle. "Maybe you should leave Andrew here this year rather than bringing him to the Capitol with us." He saw her body tense, he knew she didn't like talking about her continued routine of packing up Drew and bringing him along, there were already so many people against it. "What?" She cast her semi-angry eyes on him. "Cato, you know I can't do that. I have no one to watch him." "Clove you know my mom's going to offer, she always does. My family really doesn't mind watching him for a few weeks, he'll be safer here at home anyway." She shook her head immediately fighting him on this. "No, Cato they have your father, he's really sick in case you haven't noticed. I'm not burdening them with Drew." "He'll never be a burden to anyone, plus Jade and Zane will help her. Come on, Drew adores Jade, thinks she's great. Which she is." Clove was fingering the hem of her shirt knowing what he was saying was true and she fully trusted the Reynolds' to take good care of her son but her reservations were still there. "I don't know Cato." She looked up at her best friend through her lashes. "He loves you too you know. So much. And you'll be going to the Capitol with me. So not only will his mother be leaving but so will his fa—" Her words stopped abruptly her eyes widening as she realized what she had almost said. "You." But the damage was done, Cato knew what she had almost called him and he was staring resolutely the other way. For the first time in their 18-year long friendship an awkward silence fell over them. "I didn't mean to say that." Fear, an emotion she wasn't too familiar with, gripped her afraid she had messed up the one relationship in her life she could always count on, the one most important to her. Therefore, she was surprised when she felt him slip his hand into her own that warmth he always gave off tingling up her arm. "I know." His eyes fell back on her face as he stood up tugging her up with him. "Come on, let's get you inside. It's starting to get cold." She let him lead her back into the house smiling when he was careful to shut and latch the door quietly in an effort to keep Andrew asleep, not only was he a terror at bedtime but he was one of the lightest sleepers on the planet. Clove let her hand linger in his until he was too far away from her when he opened the door and stepped across the threshold. "Night Clover." He chuckled when she wrinkled her nose in annoyance; she hated it when he called her that. "Night." He only got a few steps away when she called out to him. "You know my dad always thought I'd end up with you." Cato's eyebrows rose in slight surprise. "Really?" "Yeah." She shrugged her shoulders. "It never seemed so bad." He grinned brightly at her and Clove couldn't helping noting how remarkably normal this moment seemed. I've always known it'd be easy to fall for Cato. But she also knew he'd never thought of her that way. "I'll see you tomorrow?" He started walking backwards slowly towards his house right next door. "Yeah, I'll see you." She made out the wink he shot her way before he faced forward again heading off her closing the door only when he was out of sight. Best friend Clove, he's the only male in your life that hasn't left you. You need to keep it that way.