The destruction of District 13. Anastasia tried to tell herself lies, that those were people who didn't matter because they were unenlightened. She had heard her parents refer to the District citizens in such a manner before, so of course it had to be true. Still, the child was not entirely sure of the cost of this war. Was this the way to make people love her? By killing them or their loved ones? More ghosts haunted her now, and the new arrivals were not as friendly as Sebastian. Now she was sixteen, and the war had just come to an end. Though the Capitol had won, her council had assured her that the districts must be punished for rebelling. For the murder of her parents. If she did, they would see how wise of a leader that Anastasia Greybeck was, they assured her. It's a game, she tried to tell herself. Children liked games. Surely, they would like playing her game as well. Her game was just as perfect as she was. Perfect. It was such an odd word, the young woman thought, for herself. All her life, she had been considered a mistake. Unfit to rule, unfit to see or be seen. Something so far away from perfect that it was laughable. She had learned early that humans only loved what was perfect. All she had ever wanted was to be loved. Yet the world wouldn't love her unless she was what they wanted. And the people wanted perfection. So, Anastasia was perfect. With her cold, beautiful, sightless eyes, the child dared anyone to inform her otherwise. And if the world refused to love her… The girl giggled as she shook off the memories and returned to skipping towards the most important speech of her entire life. She would teach it to fear her, instead. Hello all! My name's Paige, and I thought I'd move away/take a break from the Selection Series (though I'm still continuing those stories, of course) and try my hand at a Hunger Games Fanfiction. This is an SYOT, as you can probably tell by the title and the summary haha, but here are some things before we start. Rules: 1. This isn't going to be canon. There. If it wasn't obvious already, every character is an OC, yours or mine. This is my idea of how the Hunger Games was created. Is it logical? Probably not. No, Anastasia Greybeck was more than likely not the person who supposedly created the Hunger Games, but I got the idea and ran with it. 2. Obviously this will be the actual first Hunger Games, so the tributes will be rather unprepared for the Games. There's sections in the form about this, but Districts 1 and 2 aren't Career Districts because that hasn't developed yet. Some kids might have war experience, of course, but there also won't be mentors. It's going to be rough. 3. The more detailed the form is, the more I have to work with. There isn't really going to be a bloodbath because no one will know what to do, but it will help me to know a lot about your tribute. Backstory, Personality, Fight/Flight, and Would They Kill are the most important sections to me, but everything is very helpful. 4. I'm taking multiple submissions for spots unless it's marked closed or with the tribute's name, meaning I already have a tribute for that spot. Otherwise, I won't reserve because of multiple submissions. 5. No Mary-Sues/Gary-Stus. It won't make your character more likely to win, or will actually decrease their chances. I like a character with some baggage. 6. Last one, I promise. Please, feel free to review and leave criticism, but please be nice about it. I'm barely 16, not a professional author. I'm going to make mistakes or do things you don't like. Please don't yell at me *hides under covers* I'm delicate and I might cry XD That's about it, I think. Just ask me if you need any more clarification. I'm going to put the spots that are available and more character details on my profile, so definitely look there. The form is there, but it's also below too. Tribute Form: Please Title It Like So - Tribute Name, Age, District, Gender - TGatG Submission Full Name: Nickname: Age: Gender: District: Appearance: Personality (DETAIL): Strengths: Weaknesses: Likes/Dislikes: Fears: Backstory/History (DETAIL): Family (Ages, Appearances, Brief Personalities, Relationship with Character): Friends (Ages, Appearances, Brief Personalities, Relationship with Character): Thoughts on The Hunger Games (Remember, it's the first one): Thoughts on Anastasia: Thoughts on The Capitol: Thoughts on Their District: Fight or Flight Instinct: Reaped or Volunteered (I expect very few volunteers this year…): Open to Alliances (If there's a suitable tribute)?: Open to Romance (If there's a suitable tribute)?: Which Side of the War Were They On (Most are rebels): Why Were They Reaped (Remember, it's kind of rigged for the most point. Some is random, but a lot of times they or their families will have done something wrong.): Reaction to Reaping: Expected Private Session Score: Would They Kill Another Tribute (SUPER important): How Far You'd Think They'll Make It (Be Honest): Optional, But Helpful - Interview Angle: Chariot Outfit: Interview Outfit: Quotes (One They'd Say or Ones Describing Them): Theme Song (For the Playlist): Sorry, it's kinda long, but many of the sections are pretty short. Thank you so much in advance for all your submissions! You are all wonderful, amazing people and I can't wait to get this story on the role. Make sure you review and let me know how I'm doing. It really helps me out! Okay, I think that's it… Remember to check my profile for the available spots. Thank you all for reading and I hope to see all your submissions soon! Just shoot me a PM if you have a question or an idea you want to run by me. I answer pretty fast and I do love to talk haha. -Paige