position I've found all night. As I close my eyes and burrow more closely into him, one of his hands reaches up and slowly strokes my hair. Feeling warm and safe in Peeta's arms, I finally drift off to sleep. 6:00am As the overhead lights abruptly flicker back on throughout the airport concourse, I am immediately woken up. I quickly throw my right arm over my eyes and groan. I slowly register that my left hand is holding onto something. Peeking under my arm, I see that I am holding another person's hand in my lap. Peeta's hand. That's when it hits me that we are leaning against the wall in the same position we were in last night. We must've stayed like this all night long. I can't believe I actually fell asleep. I feel guilty, wondering if Peeta slept at all. I slowly turn my head around to look at him, hoping he's asleep. Nope. My grey eyes catch his blue ones staring back at me. "Good morning," he says, smiling. "H-hi," I stammer, awkwardly trying to extricate myself from his arms without being too obvious about it. His arms tighten around me in a hug for a split second and then he lets me go. "So…" I begin, shyly looking down at the ground. "Sorry about that. I didn't mean to fall asleep on you. I hope you're okay." He looks up at me surprised. "Why would you say that?" he asks. "That couldn't have been pleasant for you," I explain, gesturing at the wall, "leaning against that all night long." He stands and stretches, looking out the window. Glancing at me out of the corner of his eye, he remains quiet for a moment. "I actually slept really well," he finally says. He looks like he wants to say more, but instead he puts out his hands and helps me to my feet. "Look," he motions outside, "no more snow. I guess that means we're going home today." He states this factually, without any emotion behind it. I can see something in his eyes, though. If I didn't know better, I'd almost call it regret. Turning to me suddenly, he asks, "When's your flight? I don't think you ever told me." "Noon." He looks at his watch. "Six hours, huh? Better make the most of it," he says, grinning at me. He grabs his backpack. "I'm tired of sitting. Let's walk and get some breakfast." I'm stiff and itching to move too, so I grab my bags and fall into any easy pace alongside him. But my mind keeps running over the words he just said. Six hours? We only have six more hours together. All I've been thinking about since I got stuck in this airport is going home, but now for some reason, I don't want to leave. I know if I do, I'll probably never see Peeta again. I don't know what to do about how I'm feeling. I'll figure something out before noon. 8:20am Peeta and I spent the morning walking around while we ate some pastries for breakfast and just…talked. I still can't believe that a quiet girl like myself could converse so easily with someone I just met. After we circled the concourse several times, we settled down on the floor again. We are leaning against the wall, shoulders touching, laughing and playing a head-to-head game of Boggle on my phone. Suddenly over the intercom I hear, "The following Chicago-bound passengers need to report to Gate A12…Josie Bennett…Stan Rosenberg…Peeta Mellark. Thank you." Peeta and I look at each other, not sure what to make of what we just heard. "They must have some information about my flight," he says nervously. "Come with me?" he asks, looking at me hopefully. "Of course," I quickly reply. "Let's go." We're not far from A12, so we make it there in less than five minutes. We walk to the counter together. Peeta steps up to the gate agent and gives his name. "Mr. Mellark, we have a seat for you on the next flight to Chicago, which is ready to depart. Here's your boarding pass. We're in final boarding so we need you to get on right away." The agent glances at me. "Are you on this flight as well?" she inquires. "Um…no." I reply, moving away to let the next person in line approach. Peeta walks slowly towards me, looking at his boarding pass with a shocked look on his face. He seems like he wants to say something, but for once in the short time that I've known him, his words have failed him. But I think I know how he feels. I feel a little bit like I can't breathe right now. I'm speechless. I thought we'd have a few more hours before we had to say goodbye. It feels like something's been stolen from me. I break the silence first. Plastering a fake smile on my face, I meet his eyes. "You get to go home." I mean to sound happy, but I don't think I'm very convincing. He doesn't move or respond. "Peeta," I prod him, "you've got a plane to catch. You can't miss it." He snaps out of the trance he was in. "Right," he whispers. "Um….Katniss…" he trails off. "Mr. Mellark, we need you on the plane now," the gate agent calls in our direction. Peeta breathes out sharply in annoyance and closes his eyes. When he opens them, I run into his arms without thinking. We hold each other for a few seconds, but I can see the impatience of the airline employees behind us, so I reluctantly release my grip on him. "Goodbye Peeta," I wave and start to back away. "Goodbye Katniss." He stares at me for a brief second, then I see him turn and hand his boarding pass to the gate agent. I look down at my shoes, not sure what to do now. When I look up again, he's gone.