"How do you know Delly?" Peeta shifted again on the couch before tucking a throw pillow behind him. "Oh, our parents are old friends. We used to see each other a couple of times a year, mostly in the summers. As we got older, we stayed in touch through letters and then Facebook and stuff. I have two older brothers, so she was kind of like the little sister I never had." He removed the pillow and leaned back further into the couch. "She was the one that actually recommend I consider this town when I was ready to open my own bakery. After doing some market research and visiting the area, I had to agree. All the old brownstones and cobble sidewalks… I just fell in love with this town, and couldn't imagine moving anywhere else." She couldn't understand how he made their town sound so enchanted, when all she saw was small and run-down and old . She didn't want to burst his bubble, though, so she figured she should just let it go. "So how's the bakery doing, anyway?" He lit up as he told her about his first few months in business. He had a passion for his work that she couldn't deny. When he finished, he asked her about her work, which she spoke less enthusiastically about, but he seemed interested nonetheless. Surprisingly, the conversation carried on easily between the two of them, and Katniss found herself without any of her normal stumbling blocks or awkward pauses. She enjoyed talking to him; instead of forced, it just felt comfortable. Like they were old friends, catching up. As the reservation time inched closer, she watched him shift his body yet again, clearly uncomfortable. She couldn't watch him suffer anymore. "Are you okay? Did you want to get up or something?" His cheeks flushed a bright pink. "No! I'm sorry, I just… I hate to be rude, but it feels like there's a boulder under this cushion or something." Katniss raised an eyebrow in doubt. What was this guy's problem? The couch was only two years old. She had sat in that very spot before he arrived and there was nothing wrong with the cushion then. "I know, you probably think I sound like a spoiled jerk. I'm so sorry…" Humoring him, she shook her head quickly to dismiss his painfully accurate mind-reading skills. "No, no. Not at all… We should check it out. Why don't you get up – maybe I dropped something under there." He stood up and lifted the cushion a bit. She looked underneath and saw nothing. There was clearly not a boulder in sight. "I don't see anything…" "Oh, wait," he said as he reached farther back to a part she couldn't see. "Looks like someone dropped this." She looked to his open palm to find the small white marble sitting there. " Prim ," she muttered under her breath as she took it from him. He sat back down with a sigh. "Ah. Much better. I guess I'm more dainty than I thought," he admitted with a sheepish grin. "So whose is it? A little brother or something?" Katniss sat down on the edge of the couch beside him, rolling the stone between her fingers. "Uh, no. It's mine." She kept staring at her hands, too embarrassed to make eye contact. "It's sort of… sentimental." He seemed to sense her discomfort and moved forward to be closer to her. "Hey, I totally understand. I actually used to collect marbles myself. There's something almost magical about them." "Magical," she repeated with a small laugh. "Actually, this one is supposed to be magic. In fact, it's not a marble at all. It's a pearl ." She laughed and looked up, the smile leaving her face at the sight of his eyes open wide with shock. "Hey, I'm just kidding. God, are you okay? You look like you've seen a ghost." Peeta swallowed thickly and shook his head slightly as if to clear it. "I just… I can't believe…" He scrutinized her face and hair, almost as if he was seeing her for the very first time. "After all this time… It's really you ." She laughed uncomfortably and edged away slightly from him. "Um… excuse me? It's really who ?" "I'm sorry," he explained, seeming to come out of his trance. "You - you're the girl from the beach…" He pointed to the object in her fingers. "I think that's my pearl." Her mouth hung open in understanding as she stared at him, the years melting away instantly to that day on the boardwalk. "You mean… you're the boy with the bread?" He nodded and smiled, their eyes locked on each other. "At least, I was. No one's called me a boy in a long time." He laughed nervously, giving her a crooked grin. "All these years, I've thought about you and wondered how you were doing. I never thought I'd find you again." His voice faded to a near whisper. She nodded slightly, still amazed that he was sitting here with her again. "I know exactly what you mean." After a few minutes, he cleared his throat. "Uh, I think it's almost time for our reservations." He stood up and reached his hand out to her. "Shall we?" She placed her hand in his and stood up beside him. Not wanting to let go, she swung their hands slightly between them. "Yeah. Let's go." They walked slowly to the door when he stopped and turned to face her again. "Wait. I just have one request…" She quirked an eyebrow at him, waiting for his explanation. "This time, I get to kiss you at the end of the date. And - you have to promise not to run away afterwards." She laughed as she opened the door and stepped outside. After all the horrible dates she'd been through, there was no chance she'd be running away this time. "You got it, Prince Charming."