was the only one. She hugged both of them, and they hugged her back. She was glad that her brothers had married women as amazing as these two, and could only hope that Cassius was lucky enough to get one as well. They all took their respective 'places' for the plan, and set in action. Charlene walked back, but not before sending her a wink and a thumbs up, and she grinned back. In minutes, she heard them all laughing. Out the corner of her eye, she saw Marilyn lead Airo into a room, and she too sent a wink her way before closing the door. She grinned again. She really did love her family. No sooner did the door shut did she hear shouts, and she winced. He sounded really angry. No matter how loud the shouts got, no one in the living room heard or at least had half a mind not to disturb because she heard continuous laughter. The door to the room opened and Marilyn motioned for her to come in. She did so albeit nervously. When she did, the door behind her slammed shut, and she flinched at the sound. She stared into her brother's eyes. They were mad, but not angry, so that was good. And to make it better, when she walked in, his eyes softened. She was super happy to see that, but she slightly expected it. He always had a soft spot for family. His went from searching hers for an answer all the way down to her stomach. Thankfully, he didn't stare in disgust. After what felt like hours, he finally spoke, but his voice was hoarse, "So, what's this I hear about you being pregnant?" Straight down to business, that was another Vincere trait. "Um," she stammered, before taking a deep breath to compose herself. When she felt confident, she spoke, and the words spewed from her mouth, not one word being a lie. "So, who's the father of my niece and/or nephew soon-to-be son or daughter?" He grinned. She sighed and in a flash she engulfed both of them. They were willing to take them. "I. . ." She didn't know how to word her statement. "I don't really feel comfortable answering. I just want to forget." Thankfully neither of them pried. "Do you know how many there are?" he asked, gesturing towards her stomach. She shook her head no. He nodded, and explained that they were going to say that they wanted to adopt, and when the child or children (God, she hoped not) were born, they'd say they adopted her. Though, Airo mentioned that he didn't understand why they had to keep it a secret when they knew as did Charlene, and that it was only two people who wouldn't know. But she wouldn't have it. They walked back to the group, and when they sat down, Charlene smiled warmly, and the games were once again begun. "Push!" A midwife, who was sworn to secrecy about who she helped and had both her sisters-in-law in their deliveries, ordered. She gave a cry of pain before pushing. Charlene, who had already given birth to her daughter months previously, gripped her right hand, while Marilynn gripped her left. Her brother had simply refused to come in, saying that watching the process of birth made him squeamish. He wasn't kidding either, apparently when their daughter, Claire, was born he passed out. She let out yet another scream while her sisters were whispering comforting words. She would have never imagined giving birth at the mere age of fifteen, and would most definitely not encourage anyone else. She was forced to push again, and let out another bloodcurdling scream doing so. No matter the pain, she wasn't going to give up not until she heard the scream of her child. She pushed and pushed, and soon she heard the cry of a newborn baby. She could barely see because of the tears flooding her vision. "It's a girl," the midwife said smiling. A girl, she thought. I have a daughter. After the baby was cleaned and checked and whatever other stuff that they did to babies, Marilynn and Airo walked in with her; Charlene was still seated next to her. They smiled down at her. They asked if she wanted to hold her, and she simply nodded before her daughter was handed to her. She stared down at the bundle in her arms. She smiled, her daughter was beautiful. But no sooner did the thought enter her mind, was she filled with guilt. She brought such an innocent child into this cruel world. She pushed the thoughts out of her head and looked at her brother. "What have you decided you were going to name her?" she asked "Actually, we decided we'd let you name her. You don't really have to worry about the last name since we have the same last name." She was too consumed by the beauty of her daughter to say "Obviously," she simply nodded. She thought about until she smiled. "Clove," She answered. "You can pick the middle name." Airo nodded, but instead of giving her an answer he looked at Marilynn who in turn looked over at Charlene. The two of them smiled, and seemed to understand what the other was thinking because they nodded. Marilynn turned back. "How about Marie, after your mother?" She asked. The sincerity in it nearly brought more tears to the brother and sister. "It's perfect," she choked out, and Airo simply nodded speechless. "Clove Marie Vincere," Charlene said. "A pretty name for such a pretty girl." All the others could do was nod. And from then on, the Victor's Daughter was given a life, a future. And most importantly, she was given a chance. That's it. No, I was not trying to give out the message that teenagers (I'm one as well) should go and participate in that kind of stuff, it's just to help set up the story.