could affect him as he grew." Peeta stares at me. He knows I'm right. We go visit Beetee. I know he's a genius even though not really a doctor, but it's someone I trust. He's old now, too old even to deal with somethng like this and yet he welcomes me and my family with open arms, even Haymitch comes along, he complains though, over the fact that he's on baby sitting duties. "I thought you didn't want children after you lost that one baby. " oh yeah, I remember, even though he's my friend, he doesn't know the whole story, so he's heard what the news tell him, that the reason I was too heartbroken to have a child for so long was because I'd lost my first child during The Games all those years ago. "People change, don't they?" I tell him, holding on to Kyan. "They certainly do, sometimes... because certain situations change us." Beete tells me. "They make us revalue our lives and the people closests to us." Somehow I think he's talking about Wiress, and it makes me sad. Somehow we run into Gale while in District 3, I don't really know why he's here since I thought he lived in 2, playing soldiers, Madge tells me though that they travel a lot. And this is just one of their many stops. "He's adorable." I don't know whether she's referring to Rye or Peeta, who are playing nearby as she and I share a peaceful moment. I haven't really talked to Gale, barely seen him, and I know Peeta isn't too happy about being here, but after all this time I feel like I owe it to myself to make peace with what happened to my sister and what my relationship with Gale has turned into."Peeta is really good, huh?" I turn at my friend. Yep. He's perfect. Specially as I see him fall to the grass, like he does every other Sunday at home and play with the kids, including Kyan, who is giggling along his siblings as Peeta lifts him up in the air. "Hey Catnip." It's been forever since Gale and I have spoken, even longer since he called me that. "You look good, motherhood suits you " I smile. "Gale..." I try to say something, I've rehearsed this, trying to be prepared to talk to him for years and now I can't utter a simple word. "I'm sorry Katniss, I really am..." He's crying and all I see it's my best friend in need of a hug, not the man responsible for my sister dying I don't know where I stand with Gale, maybe I'll never know but for now I give it a rest, as I have more important things to tend to "So?" Peeta's words cut halfway. "There's not much to do?" "There's always something to do." Beetee tells us. "The main thing is never to lose hope and never stop working on it. " So we work on it. we do it for our son and ourselves. Kyan is strong. Delly's words echo in my head as I watch my son struggle and thrive in ways that I never thought possible. He's the most articulate one year old there is, he's kind and outgoing, He sits tall on Peeta's shoulders whenever we go for a walk down at the meadow, and he's right there besides hs brother and sister whenever they make a mess at the bakery before opening. He and Peeta have a special bond, we all can se it, Kyan feels like the fact his daddy has a prosthetic leg, it makes them alike, makes him just like Peeta, that he's not different from others, although Peeta and I are always telling him, he's most special because he's diferent. Everyone is. And to us ,he's perfect. And thats more than okay. Rye is at school now too, and Kyan will follow closely behind. So I try to cherish this last years I have of caring for one of my children in the mornings, although I'm not sure how I will handle Kyan going to school. I'm afraid for him, my children already carry weight because of the role Peeta and played during the war. That I don't want him to feel worse by going to school. "Relax, Katniss." Peeta tells me one night in bed. "Kyan is a strong boy, he's going to be okay. " "He's still so little." and so he is. But he's the strongest little guy I know. I smile when Rye tells me he'll help his little brother in anyway he can, whenever he does go to school and my eyes fill with tears. And somehow I know that Peeta worries about Kyan and what the future has prepared for him. We take the kids along with us to a local market they've set up. There's a playground nearby so the kids beg us to go, after we've done some shopping of supplies for the bakery. "Watch out for your little brother alright sweetie?" I tell my nine year old. Willow nods as she and Rye set up for a run, Kyan is beside me on his stroller, his blue eyes follow his siblings along. "What do you say if we go too buddy? See if we can carch up?" I hear Peeta tell our two year old, he's looking up in search of his daddy's arms as he picks him up. "You coming mommy? Peeta calls after me. And I see my two carbon copy boys turn around expectantly. Willow and Rye soon join Peeta. And they all come for me to join them. I take my time though. Admiring my family, one I never thought I'd have after I lost my father and Prim. Because, I never saw myself wanting children, nor was I expected to survive the everytime I see Peeta with our children, I know that it was somehow all worth it, even loosing Prim The End