out, reaching behind his neck and holding tight. Gale pounds into her as she buries her face into his neck. "Oh, Gale!" She feels him inside of her, hard and thick, stretching her out. "Yes!" His hips slam into hers and she bounces back, meeting him in his thrusts. "Yes! Yes! Oh-!" Their bodies are covered in sweat, his mind is filled with Madge. Nothing fills the room but the smell of sex and their grunts and gasps. She can feel his cock throbbing inside of her. "I'm gonna, oh God, I'm—" Madge's pussy tightens around his cock and her juices begin to flow. Her legs hold firm around his waist and Gale continues to pound into her through her orgasm, leaving her crying out his name. She trembles on top of him, holding him close, and slows down as her climax falls back. Gale kisses his way to her mouth and she captures his lips, slowing rocking her hips back in time with his slower thrusts. "Madge," he pulls away. "I'm gonna…" it was too much for him, to feel her walls squeezing his cock. "I'm—" she nods wordlessly and they meet in a few more sloppy thrusts. "Madge," he cries into her neck as he cums. "Fuck, fuck, fuck …" They stay tangled together savoring each other's breath when his orgasm is over, their warm bodies pressed against one another on the couch. Finally she pulls back and grabs his face, tilting her toward him. Gale kisses her gently as he pulls his cock from her, lying Madge down on the couch in the process. He leans over her and deepens the kiss, smiling when another needful noise comes from her throat. Gale pulls away and props his elbows up so he's not crushing her. "That was…" she starts, and then collapses back onto the couch with a smile. "Unexpected." "Not the word I would've chosen," Gale admits. Her smile widens. "I would've gone with… worth the wait, maybe." "Was it?" "More than you would know," he nods. Madge bites down on her bottom lip. "I've been waiting to go on this mission for months and now it's like I'm second guessing the entire thing," Gale mutters, searching her eyes. "Christ, Undersee." "Well…" she slides his hands up the front of his chest. "I'll still be here when you get back." They both ignore that he might not get back and let the fantasy live on. "If you'll still want me." "Is that a joke?" he asks, laughing slightly. Gale dips down to press his lips to hers. "Yeah, I'll still want you." Her hands cup his cheeks now. "Just stay away from these District 13 guys, I don't like them." "Deal." "Or the guy from before." "Who?" she feigns confusion. He smirks. "As long as you come back, Gale." Gale smiles. "I'll be back." It's not that he didn't have a reason to come before but Madge definitely has provided a new, fresh incentive. Again they kiss, slow and sweet. He presses her naked body into the couch as his tongue searches her mouth. She digs her hands into his shoulders and leaves marks alongside the hickeys they'll both have for the next few days, like the bruises on her hips to remind her of this time. While they're savoring each other's taste they don't hear the door open, and then suddenly all they can hear is a shit ton of laughter and whistles from the men in his squad. "Soldier Hawthorne," Boggs says. Gale groans and moves to cover Madge so no one can see her body. "Why is it that I can see your naked ass?" "Commander Boggs, why is it that you're looking?" he grumbles back. There's a little more snickering as Boggs shushes everyone and guides the squad from the backroom. "Five minutes," Boggs tells him, tossing the clothes they left in the main room onto the floor before leaving. "Got it." The door to the backroom shuts and Madge lets out a quite huff of air. Her face is red, her eyes are wide. "Probably should've mentioned that I had a meeting, huh?" "Probably," she nods. He leans down and gives her another kiss before rolling himself off of her. Gale grabs their clothing from the ground and tosses hers to her. She quickly slides it all on in silence, her cheeks still pink from the interruption. Gale dresses quickly as well and then stands, offering his hand to her to pull her up. "I guess you should get to that meeting," Madge says. "I should," Gale nods. He pulls her close, wrapping his arms tightly around her. She squeezes him back just as strong. "Will you be at the sendoff tomorrow?" he asks. "If you want me there," she nods into his chest. Gale laughs. "I want you there," he says. They pull away and he reaches down, tilting her chin up. "And trust me, there's no chance in hell I'm going to forget about you while I'm away." "Mm," she laughs too as he leans down and presses his forehead against hers. "Good." They kiss one last time, short and sweet, before walking to the door that will lead them to the meeting room. It's the only way for Madge to get back out into the District, no matter how awkward it will be. The second the door opens the men burst into cheers and applause, some of them whistle. Thank God this is a sectional meeting and Katniss isn't here, though the side eye Finnick is giving makes up for it. As Gale curses at the men who whistle, Madge turns pink again. Before she leaves she apologizes for the interruption, even though Gale will argue that the squad was the interruption. Madge lingers by the door and smiles one last time at Gale. They both know that they'll be together again. AN: This was a request I got! Please review to let me know if you like it!