the nearly empty hallway. Help Cato? Cato, who made my life hell alongside his career buddies? It wasn't going to happen. Not if I had any say so in the matter. The last thing I needed was to tutor some meathead because he didn't care enough about his education to achieve the things he wanted. My feet couldn't get me home fast enough that day. I thought about skipping class the next day, but I knew that if I did, I could get in trouble. I had a perfect record, and I wasn't going to mess it up now. Not when I could see the finish line. Instead, I did what I always did: I bowed my head, tucked my books against my chest, and held on to the strap of my backpack. Cato and his crew of misfits hung out on the front stairs, catcalling, making obscene remarks, even tripping a boy and causing him to fall face first onto the stone steps. What made them think they were so much better than the rest of us? Because they were willing to die to bring some sort of "glory" to their district? What was glorious about murder? Every single year, male and female tributes competed in the tournament to see who would volunteer to go into the games on Reaping Day. Every year, we would be forced to watch the opening ceremonies, the interviews, and the games would begin. I was tired of watching children starve and die for no purpose at all, but there was nothing I could do about it. At least not right now. If I was able to make it to the Capitol some day, I could work my way into politics and bring about change. But, at seventeen, the best thing I could do would be distance myself from those types of people. I approached the stairs and kept my eyes low. They were hollering after a younger student, a boy, who apparently entered the tournament. They mocked him. Luckily, I was able to slip by unscathed this time. I was used to their comments by now. Cato wasn't even the worst of them. The odds on favorite for female tribute, Clove, was by far the most disgusting of them. I recalled a story that she was raised without a mother. Her father was a previous victor from one of the games about twenty years ago. I'd see them in town sometimes. He always had this...look...on his face. One that warned me to stay far away from him. "Can you believe he entered? Does he really think he stands a chance?" Clove asked loudly. Her group of friends roared in laughter. I paused briefly, looking them over as I stood near the entrance to the school. Usually, I didn't dawdle. I went straight to class. For some reason, I found myself watching Cato. He was grinning as he looked over at one of the boys in his crew. That's when his eyes caught mine. My shoulders tensed as the smirk fell away from his face. He knew that I overheard the conversation yesterday. Great. I was hoping I could remain invisible. It wasn't much longer until school would be over and I'd be gone. As quickly as possible, I turned and headed into the school, trying to forget that look on his face. I found myself wishing there were academies that tributes went through, instead of having to go through regular school. That way we could be separate. I opened my locker and shoved the books in my hands inside, then swapped out a couple of books in my backpack. Dad didn't like that I was so intent on my studies. He worried that I would forget my place as a proper wife and mother to children. Didn't he understand? That wasn't the life I was meant to lead. He could never understand that. Instead, he would hide my books or badger me with questions about homework. Once I was of age, I was leaving this district and there was nothing he could do to stop me. My locker slammed shut and I turned to the right, toward my classroom. A barely audible gasp came from my mouth as I saw someone leaning against the lockers beside me. His arms crossed over his chest as he gave a smug smile. "Karena," he greeted in a low voice. "Cato." I rolled my eyes and turned from him, walking toward my classroom. I heard his heavy footfalls as he caught up to me. "I'd like to have a discussion with you," he said, grabbing my forearm. I furrowed my eyebrows as I looked over at him. "We have nothing to discuss." My tone was clipped. I wasn't going to entertain him. "I know what you're going to ask, and the answer is no." Wrenching my arm from his grasp, I continued down the hallway. "I can do something for you in return," he said, the edges of his tone tinged with worry. "Anything that you want, I'll do it." The bell rang as I paused outside of my classroom door. I looked up at him. "There is nothing I want from you," I said, not hiding the disgust in my voice. "So find someone else, because I know a lost cause when I see one." As I turned to walk into the classroom, I felt his hand at my arm again. "Karena," He said, losing that boyish charm that usually rested in his voice. "Please." I frowned. He reminded me of the boy I knew when we were young. The one who didn't talk down to others. Cato was actually a nice person before he got these grandeur ideas in his head about bringing glory to his district. "I'm sorry, Cato, you have to find someone else," I whispered. This time, I was gentler when I pulled my arm from his grip. Without another word, I walked into my classroom and planted myself in my desk.