both could win. We know that none of the 12's are dead, but he's dying. It's certain she'll be there. I'm sitting in wait for the remaining 11. I hear a word that sounds like my name. I run. Onto the green plain, and Thresh is holding Clove by the hair, a brick in his hand. He raises it and… I slice his dark head off his shoulders. Clove falls to the ground, her breathing rugged. "Did he hurt you?" I gasp, brushing dark hair from her eyes. Clove shakes her head. She gulps down oxygen. I turn around to where 12 is now running from. Clove staggers to her feet. "Let's get our bags," I whisper, though there's no need. It's food. It's a loaf of 2 bread, beautiful and white. With it is a piece of cheese. I moan at the scent. "Don't, Cato. We have to save it." "We're starving," I say, but I don't protest. Once a day we tear a few strips of bread. Soon it's getting stale. We finish it. The girl from 5 dies one of the days. We have a single day of peace, which Clove and I spend near the water. "I know we're on television," Clove says, "But I'm happy." "I like you when you're happy," I reply, placing a hand on her waist. I lean down, press butterfly-soft kisses on her freckles. Her eyes close, and she pulls back before planting dry lips on mine. The flaky skin of her upper lip moves against my soft ones. My palm is on the small of her back, lowering her down, down, down. Her tongue slides along my teeth. Our teeth knock a few times, but we know each other so well that it takes seconds to figure each other out. Her arms burn around my neck, and I smile against the mould of her lips. Eventually I pull back, and she shoots me a lazy smile, her fingers dancing on her stomach. "When we get back, I'll let you do that more," she smirks. The next day, however, Clove's and my calm is disrupted by barking. Immediately I know they're Capitol-sent. "Clove!" I shout, hoisting her to her feet. We run from the noises, faster than I thought was humanly possible. We shove through the 12's, not caring about anything except our lives. Clove and I run to the Cornucopia. It looks like a saviour and it looks menacing. I lift Clove up, and then I follow. Just as usual. Nausea crawls up on me. We sit there, waiting for the 12's, and waiting for our assailants, The girl and boy rush at the Cornucopia, and clamber up, followed by eight wolfish mutts. The girl gets up and tries to lift Loverboy up after her, but not before his leg is sliced through with three ten-inch claws. He does it however. The girl gets to her feet, only to be faced by Clove and me. Clove has her knives. We look down at the wolves after the sickening screech of metal is heard. I yell, planting my hands over my ears. And I pause. Their eyes. Their collars. They're the tributes. I turn to the side and vomit. Clove grabs a knife and sends it flying towards 12. "Katniss!" the boy shouts, grabbing her arm and pulling her out of the way. "In love, eh?" Clove says as the knife flies past the 12 girl by inches. "We aren't fooled by your little trick. You know nothing about love. " Clove strides forward, slowly, eying them up. Suddenly she grabs the girl, putting a knife to her skin. Our soon-to-be-latest-victim struggles. The boy yells out and grabs the girl back. Clove slips on the cold metal. "Clove!" I yell, running forward and helping her up. "You sons of bitches." Clove runs forward, and out of nowhere a knife flies into the centre of 12's throat. The boy screams like fire. Clove and I round on him, and we push him to the dogs. Long into the night we hear his screams. My body is heating up inside this body armour, but I don't have the strength to fight it. Finally his cannon sounds and the dogs leave. It's me and Clove. We get to the ground and wait for the hovercraft. But then, a loud voice calls from the sky. "Dear Panem, I present to you the remaining two tributes of the 74th Hunger Games. Due to revision of the rules, the previous allowance has been revoked. Good luck to our last tributes, and Happy Hunger Games!" My jaw drops. I stare at Clove… who I have to kill. Who I won't kill. "So now you have to kill me," I say. Clove hesitates. And shakes her head. "Why not? I'm not killing you." Clove grins. She takes my hand. "Come with me." Clove leads me to a bush full of delicious-looking purple berries. "They're what killed that 5 girl," she explains, picking a few and placing half of them in my palm. I blink at her. "We're already going to die, Cato. If we get out of this, we'll have nightmares for the rest of our lives. And remember what we know. We're both meant to die. Why slow it down? Winsy died two years ago, then his twin, Cobble killed herself. Now us. Together again." 1…2…3! The berries pass my lips just as Claudius Templesmith spoke. "Don't you dare stop," Clove hisses, or she would if she was speaking. The sweetness bursts between my teeth, and it's nice. They're ripe. A final luxury of Panem. Then I feel burning in my stomach as I fall to the ground. Before my eyes everything flashes. Don't save us. I see Clove and Mother and Winsy and Cobble. Winsy being murdered by the 1 girl; Cobble poised for flight, Clove's lips against my own. I see stolen candies, devoted twins. And then light. A silhouette of Clove Triumphant welcomes me home.