out. Katniss held her tongue when Mitch raised his eyebrow at the three of them, obviously irked again. She could feel the blush on her cheeks and looked at the table while she played with her braid. She hadn't meant to be insulting, but she had seen Peeta with a cane two days out of her first week. That worked out to be a forty percent chance that he would have to play one-handed. Wasn't that fact important if Mitch wanted to win? When the meeting was over, Mitch called to she and Peeta, "You two. Stay." She saw Peeta roll his eyes. Mitch assessed them both. "What's the problem with the two of you?" "No problem here, sir." Katniss said innocently. "Uh huh. Look, Everdeen. Like most Q.A. people, you have the personality of a slug. And I don't know what your problem is with Mellark here, but Peeta here is one of my strongest coders. Are we going to have a problem with the two of you working together?" Katniss's eyes widened and flew to Peeta's. He couldn't know it, but she had come to this job specifically to work with him. Sure, her delivery wasn't the best. But it didn't mean— "Mitch, we'll be fine. Katniss and I grew up together. Right Katniss?" Peeta looked bored, slumped in his seat. She noticed with a sinking stomach that he wouldn't look at her. "Oh?" Interest sparked in Mitch's gray eyes. "Yeah. You'll probably want to know that she's a crack shot, too." Peeta drawled. Katniss looked at Peeta in confusion. "What?" Mitch rubbed his hands together. "You don't say? We might finally have a chance to win this thing, then. Remember, you're both here Friday at 11 sharp. Don't disappoint me." Mitch left the room, leaving Katniss and Peeta alone. He slowly gathered his things when she blew up. "How could you say that? I don't even know how to play laser tag! And now Mitch thinks I can work some sort of miracle or something." He watched her for a moment, blue eyes unreadable. "Katniss, chill out. You'll do fine. Even if you haven't hunted since you were a kid, you'll do better than most of the city folks who work with us." She frowned. "How did you—" Peeta dropped his eyes to this notebook. "I remembered that you and your dad used to go hunting on the weekends." Katniss gaped at him as he finished gathering his stuff. She noticed again how long his eyelashes were as they shielded his eyes. They were remarkable, really, long and thick. "See you 'round?" He smirked at her as she jolted guiltily in her seat. She nodded, oblivious to the way his eyes skimmed her face and lingered on her eyes, lips, and neck before skating away. -o— "You holding back, sweetheart? Anytime you want to use the force, 'Crack Shot Katniss', you go right ahead." Mitch sneered as he landed behind the same wall she was hiding behind. Katniss argued back. "I don't want to piss off my colleagues." She adjusted the laser tag rifle and harness. Both were uncomfortable, the harness chafing her shoulders. Mitch laughed. "Cocky, aren't you? First of all, you'd have to have something to show us. Second of all, you're pissing off me, sweetheart. And since I'm your boss, I would say that's the bigger problem for you. We didn't hire you for mediocrity." Katniss gulped and nodded her understanding: she really needed this job. She really liked this job. And she loved the fact that she got to work side by side with Peeta almost every day, even if she hadn't yet found the courage to ask him to lunch. She and Mitch turned in the direction of a horrible wail just in time to see Cato Peterson rushing an obstruction to their right. Peeta must have been behind it because he leapt out from behind it, trying to lose Cato and stay alive. He was slower than Cato, though, and Cato seemed pumped to go after the best coder on the Scrumptious team. Without a thought, Katniss yelled for Peeta, rounding the edge of the wall and taking Cato out with a single shot to the receiver on his chest. Several other Careers heard her cry and made an appearance, all meeting the same fate. She was breathing hard when she pulled Peeta to his feet and ordered him behind the nearest wall. "Told you that you would be great at this." He grinned. "Shut up." She grumbled, absurdly pleased at his compliment. He winced and she immediately asked, "Are you okay?" He nodded. Yeah, I think I twisted my good ankle when I jumped over the wall. Looks like I'm as good as dead. Might as well lie down and die right now." Her jaw tensed. "No way." "Katniss, look. Ten minutes ago, you were just going to play at being mediocre so these guys wouldn't hate you. Don't change up your strategy for me. I'll just go, get hit, sit down and wait for pizza and beer." Irrational anger filled her to overflowing. "Are you quitting on me, Mellark? You're the one who told Mitch that I'm a great shot. You think I can't take down a few Careers? Just trust me. Okay? Trust me. And cover my back." Peeta sighed and nodded. He was clearly ready to throw in the towel but unwilling to give up on her. Katniss Everdeen stood and started shooting. (A/N: This is not currently a WIP. It was written, in three parts, for three prompts during Prompts in Panem's Seven Deadly Sins Challenge. Like Prince Among Men, it will be longer than this snippet. I am committed to getting GNO further along before I delve into this story. Also, I am curious to see if anyone is interested in actually seeing it extended - I'll probably write it anyway, even if the answer is no - but let me know what you think.)