up and down the length of me. I have to bite my inner-cheek hard to keep from crying out. We must be very quiet. She leans down to capture my mouth in a scorching kiss, her tongue pushing between my lips, just as she lifts herself up and then back downward with aching slowness to impale herself on my shaft. I feel her tightness stretching to take me. Simultaneously, we gasp brokenly into each others mouths. She stills with her warm heat surrounding me for several long agonizing seconds, as if waiting for her body to adjust to my invasion. I wonder if she feels any pain and forcefully push away the maddening thought that she might have done this before with … him . I fight back against the stinging pain and fury that slice through me at that thought, ordering myself to hold it together. Whatever came before, whatever comes after, I want this, I want her- always. "Alright?" I ask in a strangled whisper against her lips. At this point if she wants to stop, I just might expire right here and now before the Capitol ever gets its hands on me. Bracing her hands on my shoulders, she nods slowly, almost absently, before shifting her weight to take me even deeper into her silken depths. The feeling is indescribable. It's almost like the over-whelming effects of the trackerjacker stings in the arena but obviously so much more pleasant. I close my eyes, and I see brilliant oranges and reds exploding behind my eyelids as she begins to move over me, slowly without much rhythm at first. My body is straining under my need to touch her. Finally forcing my eyes open, I look up at her silhouette shifting slowly in the darkness above me. I am filled with so many emotions: desire, love, regret. This could have been our life. Making love every night with no fear of what could happen next. I'm jostled out of my musings by a soft drop of warm moisture hitting my cheek and trailing down my face to the corner of my lips. It has a salty taste. I must be crying. How mortifying, but then- she's seen me cry before. Then I hear a little sniffle and realize that it was her tears I felt first. I seriously regret not letting her unshackle me earlier. All I want is to wrap myself around her and hold her while she cries. I press my chest to hers and murmur soft, nonsensical noises against her lips and try to pour all my feelings for her into our melting kisses while I thrust my hips up into hers. In the arenas, we were always pretty good at communicating without words, and this time is no different. My desperate movements seem to have their intended effect. She slows her pace and gently takes my face between her hands, kissing me deeply. I feel as though my soul is escaping through my lips to take up residence in her, and I'm okay with that. I know I can't hold on much longer with her warm, heated friction surrounding me. I can feel the final pressure building just as her walls engulf my shaft in delicious tremors. I can feel every muscle in her moist depths contracting around me as she throws her head back in a silent scream. Yes! At last! I am thrust into blissful oblivion, my seed spilling into her, combining with her own juices in the slippery, erotic cocktail of our loving. "Peeta, if we die tomorrow I just needed you to know... that I wanted you. Finally, I can't deny it. This wasn't for the sponsors or Haymitch or the Capitol. It was for me and... and for you. Oh, you know I'm no good at this sort of thing," she starts to move away. "No! Don't go. Not yet. Please... I... I wanted you, too. I never stopped," every part of me is straining to get to her, to hold her close, though she's still within inches of me, her body still clasped around me loosely, as if forgotten. "I don't believe you- not after what happened when you woke up in 13 and since then," she mutters in a flat voice. I wish I could see her face more clearly. It's usually hard to read her expressions, but I've had lots of practice. The murkiness prevents me, though. I sigh helplessly. "Don't you see? That was the real torture, Katniss. My hands around your throat, choking the life out of you, but all the while still loving you. I hated that I did that. I will live with the regret of that until the day I die, which I hope is soon," I finish bitterly. "Don't say that!" she rasps out and moves to wrap her arms around me and tuck her face into my neck just like she used to in the arena. "You were... are the good one, the noble one. If anyone should have been the Mockingjay, it's you, Peeta." "Ah, but I never had your conviction, sweetheart," I evoke Haymitch's trademark endearment, as I kiss Katniss' hair reverently and grin like an idiot into the darkness. SVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSVSV The hum of the nearby machines is what I hear next. I am alone as I jolt upright, gasping breathlessly, my shackles clink softly against the metal stair support I'm chained to. I have no idea what time it is. I sense other rebel soldiers still sleeping some distance from me in the dark basement room. My mind spins and whirls wildly as images of … Katniss coming to me in the night and making sweet love to my broken, beaten, chained body flash through all the other noise in my head. Real or not real? So... anyone know the answer to Peeta's last question? Would you like to know? I have some ideas for where this could go from here. Anyone? Reviews? Is anyone out there?