practically groped him in front of the Peacekeepers? Gale grunted in a way Madge guessed she was supposed to interpret affirmatively. She sat down at the foot of his chair to watch him. He seemed steadier and more alert than before, and when his eyes landed on hers as he pushed the folded blanket toward her, she saw that his eyes were more focused now, too. He kept watching her, and seemed to be trying to figure her out in the same way she was struggling to make sense of him. Was he waiting for her to say something? The last civil conversation they'd had had been about the importance of him being nicer to Peeta for Katniss's sake, and from what Madge had seen during their training sessions, Gale did seem to be making progress at tolerating Peeta. Since he wasn't trying to leave just yet, she took a breath for courage and broached the subject. "Gale, would you really have fought Peeta when he came back to the Victor's Village?" Even drunk, that seemed out of line and guaranteed to upset Katniss. Gale squinted at her in confusion. "What?" "When you were waiting for him outside Haymitch's house tonight." He rubbed his hands over his face, as though trying to wake himself up. "I wasn't waiting for him," he mumbled. "I was waiting for you." Madge felt something burst in her chest and immediately tried to keep any surprise from showing on her face. Waiting for her because he liked her? No, that was ridiculous. He'd been rude to her at the party and had been so ready to fight with those Peacekeepers. In all likelihood he'd wanted to pick a fight with her… and then forgot to fight when he realized he might be able to convince her to take a trip to the slag heap. Unless he'd forgotten that part. Gale seemed to be waiting for her to react, so she tried to keep her voice steady. "Did you… need to talk to me about something?" He looked at her like she was an idiot. "Did I seem like I wanted to talk to you, Madge?" She shook her head and focused on her hands in her lap to hide her blush. So he did remember, and wasn't even denying it. That just showed how inconsequential hitting on her must have been to him. Gale sighed and stared down at the ground for a few seconds. "Sorry," he muttered. "About tonight. I wasn't thinking straight earlier. I was... out of line." "It's okay," Madge said hesitantly. Gale looked pale and miserable, and she wondered if still felt queasy. Then it occurred to her to that, in his own way, maybe he was actually embarrassed about how he'd acted. "You should see what Haymitch does at my parents' parties," she offered in consolation. "You were nothing." He shook his head. "Not exactly a comparison I want. And that doesn't make it okay. You should've punched me or something." He glared at her out of the corner of his eye, surprising Madge into silence. He was frustrated with her for not being harder on him ? She bit her lip to keep from smiling—it was almost sweet in a screwed up way. Trust Gale to turn his own bad behavior into a reason to be mad at her. "Well," she said brightly, "I assumed you were looking for a fight tonight and I guess you still are." Pursing his lips together, Gale seemed determined not to respond right away and instead slowly stood up. "If Peeta came along first and wanted to get in my face about something, I wouldn't have sat there and taken it." He took a test step, wobble-free, and then turned to face Madge. "Guess it didn't happen that way, though." He added in a more sincere tone, "Thanks for getting rid of the Peacekeepers." Madge shrugged, making an effort to appear nonchalant. If he didn't think it was a big deal that he'd wanted to take her to the slag heap, she didn't want to make a fuss about posing like his girlfriend. "I have to be useful somehow. Guess I'm qualified for avoiding incidents with Peacekeepers and making streamers for parties." Standing over her, Gale reached down to gently squeeze her shoulder. "You're a good friend," he said quietly. His hand drifted over to the exposed skin of her neck, and to Madge's horror, she felt her face growing warm again. It was mortifying that a simple touch and some kind words from him affected her so strongly. Gale must have noticed her reaction because he quickly withdrew his hand and took a step back like she was dangerous. "I'll… see you around," he said, still moving away from her. She nodded mutely and waved as he left. Did he mean she was a good friend to Katniss, or a good friend to him? Was she even friends with Gale? She honestly didn't know. It didn't seem like it. As for Katniss, Madge definitely didn't feel like she qualified as a good friend. A good friend wouldn't keep liking Gale the way Madge did. A good friend would have figured out how to get rid of this obnoxious crush by now… As she watched Gale let himself out of the gate, she felt a rush of appreciation that they hadn't done anything they would officially need to be embarrassed about. She could face Katniss with clear eyes: Madge had simply helped Katniss's other friend avoid getting in trouble. Disasters averted all around. Satisfied with her reasoning, Madge gathered the blanket and empty water glass to take inside, determined to ignore that her appreciation was polluted with tiny fractions of curiosity and regret. She was good at ignoring things. A/N 2: Continued companion fic, "Behind the School." This story was originally a flashback for that one, but it got too long so I decided to separate them. Thanks for reading, and please review!