catches my glance from the combat mats and pauses her sparring match with her brother, Otho, to stick her tongue out at me. "She told everyone. Did you expect any less?" Cato laughs in that deep throaty way that I've always loved. It's a comforting sound that reverberates through your chest within a ten-foot radius of him, a sound befitting the monstrosity of a man he is. Looking at Cato reassures me that there's still hope for a growth spurt – he grew nearly a foot and put on 100 pounds of nothing but muscle between the ages of 16 and 18. It'll serve him well in the Arena. This is probably his year. "So," I say, walking toward the stretch mat. "Choosing Ceremony tonight." He follows. "Yeah, so?" We sit down on the mats and start our stretch set. I love stretch set. The counting is so simple and methodical, just numbers and breaths. "So, you're 18. Last year. Top of your age class. It's all falling into place." He shakes his head humbly. "Nah, I doubt it. I was a bit of a late bloomer, my early marks aren't good enough. Plus, the whole incident from three years ago –" "You're going." Cassie plops down next to me on the mat with Otho in tow. Cato's brow furrows. Cassie rolls her eyes. "Please, don't act like you're surprised." "We don't know that for a fact," Cato huffs. "She does," I say, moving into a straddle. "She's looked at files." Cato turns to Cassie. "Cassia, you're going to get yourself kicked out of the Compound one of these days." Cassie grabs my hands and pulls me further into my straddle. I'm stiff and a burn pulses through my hamstrings. Pain is good , I remind myself. "Maybe that's the goal," she says with a smirk. "Maybe you're an idiot," Otho says. Cassie shoves him playfully. "No, seriously Cass, what would you do if you get kicked out of here?" She doesn't respond, and bites her lip. "You're only 15, you couldn't handle yourself on the streets. I mean, yeah, it's never been done. They're used to delinquents around here. But you're going through official paperwork. They're going to figure it out eventually and –" "And what?" Cassie interrupts. "You said it yourself, no one's ever been kicked out." "What are you even trying to accomplish?" Cato asks. "What are you hoping to find?" I raise my head. He has a point. Cassie isn't above doing things for the sake of just being a general pain in the ass of the Compound officials, but now that I consider it, going through sealed files really is a risky move on her part. Cassie stands suddenly. "Would you look at the time, I'm about to be late to my endurance exam." We all look at her with the same stare of disbelief. "What? I care sometimes." Our stares stay. She rolls her eyes. "Guys, settle down. I was just getting bored with defacing punching bag and graduated to stealing governmental files, is all. And hey, it's worked out for you two, right?" She points at Cato and smiles. "But hey, Ceremony tonight, Reaping tomorrow. Happy Hunger Games, you lucky bastard. And may the odds be ever in your favor." She winks and clicks her tongue as she turns and darts to the endurance course. We watch her run off. "I worry about her," Otho says, watching her the whole way. "I don't worry, she's smart," I say. "I just question why she does what she does." Otho shrugs. "I want to believe she has her reasons, but I struggle to find any. I don't know why she's so fascinated with assignments right now. She's never cared about her own assignment. But that day she came across mine, she's been obsessed…" "Wait, she found yours?" Cato asks as he stands, pulling his arm across his chest. "76," he says with a smile. "Contingent on the fact that I bulk up, obviously. I also saw something about a treatment date, but I didn't see what the treatment was for." "Oh, the enhancers." We look at Cato, who looks back at us in confusion. "You guys don't know about enhancers? I thought everyone knew. I've been on them for about a year now." "What are they?" I ask. "You know, just a couple rounds of intravenous vitamins and supplemental stuff. I go to the clinic each week and get my doses and move on with my day. I think it's a way to get a leg up on the competition by giving us some sort of biological stockpile for when we're in the Arena." He shrugs. "I don't question it. Whatever keeps me alive. Apparently I'm going to need it." He extends a hand to me. I take it and he pulls me to my feet. "Come on, Little Bug, I need someone to call my distances on target practice. Lord knows you're better with knives than I am." As we walk to the targets, a sense of dread creeps up on me. Otho may be right. Cassie has always been good at testing her boundaries, but I'm beginning to worry she's towing a line that's going to put her in a bad position. But I can't worry about that right now. For now, she's safe under the supervision of our trainers, who will run her ass so hard that she won't be able to think about her harebrained schemes and conspiracy theories for the night. Cato needs me more. I throw him my bag of knives and tell him, "We've got two hours to make sure you know how to throw straight." He looks at the knives and laughs. "Hey, it's not all swords and spears in the Arena, Cato." He smiles at me. "I know how to throw knives, Clove." "Not the way I do. If you're going to the Capitol tomorrow, someone's gotta show you how to throw like a real Career."