her oyster pink mouth and tells me what a lovely child I am. Why thank you ma'am, would you like to buy a necklace? Yes, she would. Ma'am pinches my cheek, and it hurts to keep smiling, but I do. She picks a rope of blue sea glass, bottle shards frosted by the waves. "What kind of stones are these?" No kind, just trash washed into treasure. I tell her, "Sapphires." Capitol kisses fall softer than leather ones, and when I count out the wad of denarii pressed into my hand I find that they're worth forty apiece. Ma'am kissed me three times, so now I can afford a coconut cream cake from the bakery. Pearl's father frowns when I order it, but he takes my money quick enough. The icing is the sweetest thing I've ever tasted, so rich my stomach turns, but I eat every bite. Dad said not to change a piece to sell it, and I think of those blue bottle gems. Smoothed out and made beautiful by the sea. Maybe I'm like that, but inside out and upside down. A good thing that's been broken and dirtied. Worn down until you can't tell what it used to be. Mama sits curled in the corner, long legs tucked in and head ducked down. Naked, wilted, she seems smaller than Nessa and younger than me. Rags litter the floor around her. Torn sheets, worn shirts, stained towels. Rotten washcloths and holey socks. Mattress innards. There's a father fist in my face and rainbow bills under my nose. Crisp Capitol-printed paper that smells like ink and strangers' skins. President Snow's nightcrawler lips smile at me from pink ten denarii notes, green fifties, orange hundreds. "What did you do! What did you do for this money!" He doesn't ask, he screams. He screams too loud for any answer to matter. I run, but not far. He catches me by the throat and it feels like drowning on dry land. My mouth opens and closes but there's angry hands hooking around my neck and nothing gets out or in and I'm going to die like the fish in my net-I breathe and it burns but I breathe. He threw me back, let me live, let me go. I suck in air but it's too rich for my lungs, same as coconut cream on an empty gut. "You ungrateful little shit. Sitting on this pile of cash while we starved and what'd you do for it, huh? What'd you sell?" "Nothing. Just what you gave me." Every word stings, squeezes my throat with the ghost of five-fingered violence. "That's all, I swear, nothing else nothing else nothing ugly." But I'm a lovely child and I sold that too and he knows. Dad kneels before me, just like he did the day I traded a driftwood bracelet for the yellow girl's allowance. Maybe I should be afraid, but I'm not. All the anger has gone out of him. "You don't know what ugly is, Finnick. Not yet. But you'll learn." On the way to wherever we're going, Dad says we should tell jabberjay truths. The rules are simple enough: you make a statement and your partner guesses whether it's real or not. I'm good at games and better at lies, so I nearly always win against Nessa or Rordan. Mama is the only one who can ever beat me. "I get to go first," Dad tells me. "You've been playing rebel for a while." I nod, because the words I want to speak are stuck or broken, stalled in my sore throat. We walk past the docks, then the holiday houses, and still Dad doesn't say anything. Circles of Capitol teenagers dot the beach, roasting marshmallows and passing around bottles of green liquor. It looks like they're fishing in the fire, using marshmallows for bait. Then Dad says, "Your mother fucked Tiberius Dawson to keep your name out of the reaping ball. Real or not real?" No, she'd never. Mama loves my father, even when he hurts her. Maybe loves him more when he hurts her, but I don't want to think on that. I shake my head. Not real. Dad won't say whether I'm right or wrong, and for some reason I remember Nessa's white skirt. How it swirled around her freckled legs when Glen lifted her off the ground. Mama let the hem out the night before, just like she sewed new buttons on Rordan's best shirt. So why did I go to the reaping in my brother's too-short pants and cast off shoes? You know I'd never let anyone take you away from me, don't you, Finnick? We've left behind the Capitol kids with their driftwood fire and now it's dark. Starless sky, black water, grey sand beneath my bare feet. This deep in the night I can't see what's up ahead, but I don't need to. I know where I'm going. "You're taking me to the Victor's Village. Real or not real?" He says, "Real." The reaping is a game of its own. Numbers and names and odds. When I was little I counted everything. My sister's tessarae, our neighbors' babies, the children caged in a white sand square every July. Mrs. Quent, my teacher, said I had a talent for math and she'd move me up a year if my parents allowed it. Dad said no, of course, but that didn't stop me from adding up the Peacekeepers on patrol, or comparing each quarter's quotas to the last. It's almost funny. I've measured my way through twelve years, and now a price is being put to me. My value haggled over, then handed out. Ninety-five thousand, two hundred-fifty: that's how many denarii I'm worth, and for the rest of my life this is the only number that matters. When it's done, Mags Cohen asks my name. I say, "Finnick Hanigan," but Dad shakes his head. "No, he's his mother's son. Let him go by her name. Odair."