up against her. He released her hands, slid his own up her body, cupped and palmed her breasts in his hands. She hissed, her fingers gripping and digging into his sides. He'd have bruises, and he didn't even give a shit. All he cared about was her, and him, and how damn good this felt and how if he never had to leave this bed, he'd be a happy man. He felt it tingle at the base of his spine, as it began to build inside of him; saw it as her eyes began to flutter closed, as her thighs clenched against his, as her lips parted and her head tipped back, her hair like a wet and silky curtain brushing against his thighs. She fell first, and he couldn't help but follow. And this time, he couldn't stop the words from tumbling from his mouth. The air was cool, and the damp sheets didn't help. Neither did the foot of space between them on the bed. He could have kicked himself. Why did he have to say it? Why did he have to murmur 'I love you' at the exact same moment she looked down at him with heavy, satisfied eyes? "I'm sorry," he murmured, half turning to face her bare back and lifting his hand to his face, covering his eyes. "I didn't mean to say it. Please don't be freaked out." She didn't say anything at first, he just heard the sharp intake of breath. "You...you didn't mean it?" His brows furrowed in confusion, his hand falling back to the mattress. He shifted so that he was on his back, no longer rolled away from her, as they'd both seemed to have done in the moment of post-coital panic. "Um...no, that's not what I'm saying." Katniss turned around abruptly, twisting in the sheets to cover her bare breasts as she sat up. "Then what are you saying?" Peeta reached over, flicked on the dim lamp beside his bed before sliding beneath the sheets himself. For some reason, he felt like he needed to be covered for this conversation. "I, uh..." Dammit, where were his words? The ones he was supposedly so good with, the ones his mother had been bitterly disappointed he hadn't used towards a political career. Finally, he shook his head. "I won't lie to you Katniss. I can't, not anymore. I- I love you. I'm in love with you, and have been for 6 months. Possibly longer. But I only realised it then." He took a deep breath, ignored the way her cheeks paled. "I didn't mean to say it because I know you're not ready, I know you don't want to hear that yet, and - OOF!" His breath expelled from his body in one heavy gasp as she flung herself at him, wrapping her arms around his neck. She pressed her lips to his, but there wasn't any heat, no fire. It was simple, sweet. Loving. "Oh god, I thought you'd never say it," she said, pulling away slightly. What? "What?" he asked dumbly. She sighed, resting back on her haunches in front of him. Her hands reached for the sheet again, pulled it up to her chin. "You kept hinting at it early on, and back then I didn't know what to think, what to feel. Hell, I'd only just gotten used to us being a couple, and I was terrified. I didn't know if I was ready for that yet, if I would ever be ready for it…" She trailed off, and Peeta knew she knew she was rambling. "And?" He asked gently She chewed on her lower lip. "Madge and her baby. Dammit, she's been so happy, and she and Gale are delirious and their happiness is almost vomit inducing and all I've been able to think is I want to be as happy as they are. With Peeta. Not with a baby, mind you," her eyes widened at her almost faux-pas. "Just the couple-y 'in-love' happy." She paused, blew a tangled strand of hair out of her eyes. "And lately, if it seemed like you were about to say it, you'd always stop, change the topic, change what you were about to say. Even last week I thought it might happen, and then…you didn't. I'd just figured you would never say it, that I'd blown my chance." He cleared his throat. "Has that been what's wrong this last month or so?" She nodded. "I knew something was wrong, babe, that there was something off, and I didn't know how to ask you." Her cheeks coloured with shame. "I felt so dumb." "It's not dumb, Katniss. But right now, I really need you to tell me what you're trying to say." Desperately. He needed her to tell him before his heart pounded out of his chest. "I…I've been wanting to tell you I love you, and I kept waiting for you to say it first. And every time I went to tell you, I'd chicken out because-" "Can you say it again?" Peeta murmured, not allowing her to finish. He couldn't help the way his heart somersaulted. "What?" she asked. "That you love me." "Oh." She blushed, then smiled. "I love you, Peeta. I have for a while. And I'm sorry I didn't tell you earlier." Peeta grinned, reaching forward and yanking her into his lap. "It's about damn time, Everdeen. I love you too. And I have for a while." He kissed her forcefully, and then spun her over so she was tangled underneath him, her hair splayed out against the pillows. With a smirk, he reached over to the iPod dock beside his bed, scrolled through the artists until he found the song he wanted. Katniss rolled her eyes, but couldn't help the smile that tugged on her own lips as she threaded her fingers into his hair. "The Eagles, Peeta?" "It's our song," he told her seriously. "And trust me. This is gonna take all night."