she gasps. "Katniss, I love you so much that it hurts, so would you help get rid of the pain by marrying me?" My hand shakes as I hold it up for her, but she looks in a loss of words. "No," she says quietly. I put the ring down in shock looking at her with utter daze; I was so certain that she would say yes. I'm a failure. What did I do wrong? I look away from her so that she won't see me scream, when she puts her hands on my face. "Peeta, Peeta look at me." I look at her with sadness. "Sorry, I just always wanted to do that. I always just wanted to say no and see what happens. Of course I'll marry you." My face turns into pure elation. I lift her up and kiss her with so much love. I can hear the customers and my family cheering me on in the back and around us. "You are evil," I tell her and she laughs. I gingerly place the ring on her finger, and kiss the spot. "Right on little bro!" My brothers say and hug me and Katniss. My father congratulates both of us and welcomes Katniss to the family officially. That night, I hear screaming from our bedroom. I can tell she's talking to her sister and mother by the way she's laughing and teasing them. We decide to have the wedding, where our first date took place, at the botanical garden with the runner is near the gardenias. I can feel the sweat dripping from my neck and there are chills running up and down from my spine. My brothers and my father assure me that it will be fine, and that I will be so stunned by her beauty. It's such a beautiful summer day, and I'm standing there anxiously waiting to see my fiancé, soon-to-be-wife walk down the aisle. She hasn't given me any hints about her dress, so I am super nervous. I already know that she will look beautiful, but I am just so anxious to see her. Katniss' best friend's daughter is the flower girl, while my nephews are the handsome little ring bearers. Prim comes out looking stunning as always and so does the rest of the bridal party. They're wearing a lavender dress that reached all the way to their ankles. They all hold yellow bouquets of Katniss' favorite flower. My boutonniere, though, is a white Katniss flower from the botanical garden's water flowers. All of a sudden, everyone stands up and I see my beautiful fiancé walk down the aisle with my father, who looks so honored to hold her. Katniss looks so beautiful. Her dress is stunning on her. She never really liked anything flashy, and I think that it suits her beautifully. It's ivory with lace on top. It's fitted around her chest, but slowly fades out into an a-line. Her veil covers her face, but I can see past the thin material, and she's gorgeous. My father leads her up the aisle and she thanks him when he lifts her veil and gives my dad a big hug. He turns towards me and gives me thumbs up when he goes to sit down. The ceremony was wonderful, and we wrote our own vows, which explain our love for each other. I even saw my mother shed a tear from the corner of her eye, but she tried to hide it from the rest of us. The best part, was when I was able to call her Mrs. Katniss Mellark, my best friend, my other half, my love, and my wife. We retire to our brand new house, before going to our honeymoon, and we spend our first few months of our marriage in pure bliss. Four months after our wedding, I sense a change in Katniss' behavior. She's constantly tired, she's moody, and she eats more than normal. She assures me that she's fine and that everything is perfectly normal, but she wouldn't be my wife if she wasn't stubborn. One day, when I come home from work, I see my wife sitting on the table with an array of foods. "Hello," I say and kiss her. I put my things down and go back to her. "Are you hungry? You shouldn't be eating all of that food." She looks at me with a displeasing tone. "I have to," she says and digs into her first plate of food. "What do you mean by 'I have to'?" I ask. I sit down on the chair next to her, watching her eat a butt load of food. "Well I am eating for two now so…" she trails off giving me an elusive look. What the heck is she talking about? "I don't understand," I say and she starts to reach into her pocket. Her small hands pick up a little white stick with a small, red plus sign in the middle. "Wait…you're pregnant?" I ask in disbelief. We agreed to wait a few years, but this is just astonishing. "Yes I'm pregnant," Katniss says as I'm still trying to process the information. "I am just about a month and a half according to my doctor." Four months into our marriage and she's already pregnant. Well we're in for a curve ball. "I'm going to be a father," I say out loud. "I'm going to be a father. I'm a Daddy!" I exclaim loudly and grab my wife and kiss her face. "Yes you're a father, but right now, the one carrying your baby is hungry," Katniss says and I put her down immediately. "Eat all you want, heck, I'll even make more food," I say happily. "You know why, because you are having a baby, which means that I'm Daddy." I run into the kitchen to pull out more food for her. "This is going to be a long 34 weeks," she groans and eats her array of meals.