"But I want it anyway." "We can't." "I know." "We-" he broke off, leaning forward in his seat to clutch his hands around her hips and drag her into his lap, fixing his mouth hotly to hers. She liked to think of it as her first kiss, because it was the first one she'd wanted. The first one that left her craving more. By the middle of week three, Katniss was amazed at the transformation of The Birdcage. Peeta, and the men he'd brought in to help, were doing an amazing job turning it into an 'old-world theatre', as he'd described it. It looked spectacular, and it was a shame she hated every single little part of it. She stood on one of the upper balconies, looking down at the work being completed below. Workers hurried around like ants, busying from one place to the next, and in the corner, Tullius overlooked the whole thing, looking like the cat that got the cream. And then there was Peeta, front and centre of the room, bent over drawings he'd done himself of what he wanted it all to look like. She wished he'd look up at her. "Is that a smile I see on your face, sweetheart?" It wasn't a voice she'd expected to hear, not while she was technically 'off duty'. But as she slowly turned, she saw Haymitch behind her, leaning casually against the wall. He was dressed in what they jokingly called his "Capitol Asshole' attire, and his hair was shiny, if not a little shaggier than the Capitol normally let him get away with. "Not a smile," she confirmed, even while it tugged at the corner of her mouth. "The Girl on Fire officially just froze over," he offered, and she rolled her eyes. "Shut up, Haymitch," Katniss muttered, and turned her back on him. "What are you doing here? I thought you'd gone home." "I did. But apparently our President isn't very happy with you right now." "When is he not?" "True," Haymitch agreed. "But he has some pompous shit needling in his ear about a contract, and that word is filtering its way to me. Therefore, here I am." She knew, even with his flippant tone, that he hated this as much as she did. He'd fought it for as long as he could, but even the clout of a fellow Victor hadn't been enough to save her. And when Snow had given her the final ultimatum - " Take my offer, Miss Everdeen. I'd hate for this to happen to someone else in your family. Your sister, perhaps?" - nothing Haymitch could have said would have changed her mind. These days, he wasn't only her Mentor, but he was the one person who knew the truth, about everything. He was the one person she could trust. Though she was pretty certain Peeta had fallen into that category too. "I can't help it if The Birdcage is being renovated," she sighed. "That wasn't my decision, and Tullius has stood firm on the contract officially starting once we've reopened." The words alone cut her in two. It was official - Snow and Cassius had signed the documents three days ago, while the three of them had sat in Tullius' private quarters. Cassius had smiled at her in what she assumed he thought was an inviting way, but it was full of the same leering that she'd seen far too often. He made her skin crawl, and the faint brush of his fingertips against the back of her hand had made her want to recoil. None of it mattered though, and in less than 2 weeks, she would be the actors' exclusive property. She would still perform at The Birdcage, still give the patrons something to occupy their dreams at night, but she would no longer take clients. Her Friday and Saturday nights now belonged to Cassius, and Cassius alone. "Yeah, but that's not the only thing that concerns me." "Haymitch Abernathy has concerns - what a red letter day." He snorted. "Look, just watch where your gaze takes you, sweetheart. If I can see the gazes you send the artists way, I'm sure others can too." She whirled back to him, eyes blazing, even as he looked back at her lazily, almost as though he hadn't said a word. "There is nothing going on between Peeta and I!" "Yet," he said smoothly. "I've known you for 4 years now, and not once have you ever looked at a boy the way I've seen you look at him today. Just...be careful. There's a lot riding on this contract with Cassius, okay?" "What's that supposed to mean?" she hissed. "It doesn't matter what it means," Haymitch told her. "I'm just telling you to be careful. If you love him, don't take it too lightly. Don't think it's just a game." "We both know what games are, Haymitch, and this isn't one," she reminded him shortly, even while her heart felt like it had dropped to her toes. Love? Was he stupid? Was he crazy? She didn't love Peeta . He raised his hands in defeat. "I'm just sayin' okay? Now if you need me, I'll be at the bar next door." "Of course you will." She didn't watch him walk away, instead defiantly stared down at Peeta again. She didn't love him. She was attracted to him - undoubtedly - and enjoyed spending time with him. Had enjoyed the few kisses they'd now shared, was grateful that he was trying to do whatever he could to save her from Cassius, even though it was fruitless. She hadn't told him the contract had been signed. She couldn't. She was fairly certain it would break him even more than it broke her. Almost as though he knew she was thinking about him, Peeta's head turned, and his gaze lifted, connecting with hers. And her heart stumbled, fell over that final ledge. She wasn't allowed to love him, but she did.