either. If it was a boy, we still kept the name up of Lark Rye Mellark, but if it was another girl we thought Elodie Linnaeah Mellark would be a great choice. As the months came closer to her due date, we had to tell Laurel that the new baby will need a lot of attention and that we'll still love her. She seemed to understand and couldn't wait to help out her mom with the clothes and bibs. Katniss had to have an induced labor, because the little sucker didn't want come out of its temporary home. She was put on Pitocin, the drug that starts the labor and it worked. They popped her water again and she went into a natural birth without any medication. I was there for all 15 hours, less that Laurel's birth, and waited for my new child. Katniss is crying almost, waiting for that baby to come out. "Just get it out already!" she screams. "Peeta get it out!" I try to soothe her but it's not working. "I can't do that for you, but you can," I tell her. "You need to do this Katniss. Just think of Laurel's face when you bring him or her home." Katniss gives one final push and I hear the screams of my new baby. "He has a healthy pair of lungs," the doctor says and holds him up. "It's your new son." "I have a son," I say happily. "I have a son to carry on the name and the bakery." I kiss Katniss who is resting on the bed. "We have to give Katniss a little bit of this sleeping starter," the nurse tells me. "She needs to rest especially since she was induced." They let her see our son and name him, but right after they put her to sleep. Lark Rye Mellark was born on September 8th. He was 10 pounds 3 ounces and 21 inches, a very big baby. He has soft blonde hair and piercing gray eyes like her mom, but aside from that, he looks just like me. We decided to keep Lark in our room, so that Katniss can wake up with him in the room. The door to our room opens, and we see the whole family pour in. "Let me see the new grandbaby," my mom says. "Oh my goodness, it's a boy Barley." "Well, I guess we now have another Mellark to run the business," my dad says and watches my son over my shoulder. "This is Lark Rye Mellark," I tell them. "Ten pounds 3 ounces and 21 inches long." Katniss' mother comes in with her sister. "Oh look at that," her mom says. "Lark would be so proud to see his grandson." She gives my son a little kiss on the nose and he yawns. "Such a handsome boy. He looks just like his father." "Thank you," I say. All of a sudden, I see my baby girl walk inside. "Daddy?" she asks. I sit down on a chair and tell her to come to me. "Is that my brother?" "Laurel this is Lark, your brother," I tell her calmly. She strokes his face with her hand and grabs his little hand that poked up from the blanket. "He likes me," Laurel says and lets her brother hold my hand. "I can't wait till I can play with him." "Well right now, he's too little to play," I tell her. "When he gets older, you can play with him as much as you like." "Okay," Laurel says. The complete family I watch my two kids play together. They're running around squealing in delight as one catches the other. "Mama come!" my youngest says. Lark was such a happy baby. He was always smiling and giggling. Laurel was the good sister playing with her younger brother carefully and playing games with him. "I'm coming Larky," Katniss says. She still looks as beautiful as when I first met her. She still rolls her eyes at me and gives me dirty looks, but I know that that's only skin deep. "Come Daddy," Lark says as he runs away. I get up to chase him too. Katniss and Laurel against Lark and I. I feel that this is not fair at all. You can barely hear their steps when they move around, but you can hear Lark from a mile away. "Okay I know where they are," I tell Lark. "Follow me." I grab his hand in an attempt of a surprise attack, but they're not there. "Where Laurie?" Rye asks. His gray eyes show confusion. "I don't know little man," I tell him truthfully. As we turn around, we are tagged by the sneaky girls. "You're it," Laurel says. "You sneaky girls," I tell them and I tickle Laurel, who is just as ticklish as her mother. All of a sudden, I hear a hug scream and crying coming from my left side. "Ahhhhhh!" is al Katniss and I hear. "Aww Larky," Katniss says and lifts him up. "It's okay you win, you win." My son knows how to use the guilt trick on my wife, just as I did when I was little and lost a game. "I win?" he asks Katniss. "Yes you win," she says. "Mama says that you win." He starts to squirm in her arms and she puts him down. "I win," he says and laughs. Of course my boy would only be happy if he wins. "I win, I win, I win!" "That's not fair Mama," Laurel says. "We won fair and square." "Just let your brother indulge in it a little bit okay?" Katniss says and she agrees reluctantly. I watch my family walk home in front of me. My wife carrying a two-year-old and holding hands with a kindergartener. "Daddy are you coming?" my wife asks. Her eyes still piercing into mine as she stops. "Of course I'm coming," I say and catch up with my beautiful family.