quietly as possible as the wind swirl pursues us. When we finally feel we've gained enough ground, we stop, panting heavily. Black spots swim around my vision and I bend over, gagging. Cannon's boom and I glance up at the sky. District 4's tributes are gone, just like that. "I guess not all of the careers were together?" Colt says, trying to keep his voice low. I swish my mouth out with water. "There's still 3 careers against us. They've been eating good, with solid weapons. We each have an ax, and we're just now eating." I roll my eyes. "Don't get short with me because we're as good as dead." Colt frowns and stands, getting food out of the bag. "Might as well have a good last meal." He mumbles, shoving some cheese in his mouth. Strangely, I don't feel fear, though my mouth trembles at the thought of not seeing Colt again. "I'm not dying, Colt. They couldn't kill me if they tried, alright?" I dig out some food for myself, too. I'm stupid, so stupid. Only an idiot would allow herself to be allied this far into the Games. He's just a boy, and I've only been with him to feel human, I tell myself, turning my back to Colt. Then again, isn't it simpler to not feel human? A cold smile slowly creeps it's way onto my face without permission and I exhale harshly through my nose in a sort of snarky laugh. Hell, feelings are misguiding. Love is weakness, and will control you. "Alright, let's finish this." I wipe my face of emotion and pull my bag onto my back. Without turning around, I sprint on, keeping my tread light. When I find Erik, I'm going to make him pay. As we approach clearing where the cornucopia resides, we slow down and look at the area. Erik and the district 2 girl are at the mouth of the cornucopia with the district 2 male at the back. Quietly, Erik sneaks up behind the girl and snaps her neck with a resounding pop. "Everything alright back there, Celestinia?" district 2 male asks. "We're all good back here, Roman." Erik calls up, a stiff smile stretched on his face. He strides around the cornucopia with a small ax in his left hand and a long dagger in his right. Roman's eyes narrow and he grips his sword, creeping away from the edge of the cornucopia. Erik jumps out with a swing of his dagger, and Roman leaps back, raising his sword. "You bastard!" Roman shouts. "Agreed." I murmur quietly. "One of you was going to have to die anyway." Erik shrugs and steps back, starting to circle Roman. "You're a coward! Didn't even give her a fair fight. I bet she would've beaten you, too." Roman jabs his sword at Erik's left side. For several long seconds they parry back and forth, each holding their own. Erik's forearm got knicked and is bleeding slightly. Suddenly he tenses his face and a strange look comes over him, and then everything is a blur. Before I can tell what's happening, Roman's throat is slit and a small cut on Erik's cheek bleeds. "I know you're out there, Johanna! It's time we had a chat." Erik yells, spinning in a slow circle. The whistling of the wind storm causes us to sprint into the clearing. "Erik." I say calmly, when we've neared him. "Always a pleasure, Johanna." Erik smirks. "Gotta say, I'm surprised to see you lasted this long. You were always so pathetic. Jackson had to protect you while you curled up like a sniveling baby." He smears the blood on his face with the back of his hand. "Oh, shut up. I'm fiercer than I seem, you know." I snarl and claw my hand in the air mockingly. "Jackson was so dedicated to you. So dedicated he died like some false hero." Erik snorts. "It's a shame his brother was too stupid to run away from a falling tree. I know their father must be heartbroken." He continues. "Don't. Don't talk about them." I raise my ax and take a large step forward. Colt hovers at my shoulder. "Oh, Johanna, you are simply not strong enough to survive." Erik raises and throws his ax in the blink of an eye. "No!" Colt cries, shoving me out of the way. Time slows, and with a soft thud, the ax buries itself into Colt's chest. His body hits the ground, and he coughs blood. A scream catches in my throat and I thrust myself off the ground and at Erik. "You're a liar, and a bully!" I scream, swinging my ax violently at him. Erik's face tightens as he holds up his dagger and dodges around, trying to avoid my spastic attack. I hit the dagger at it's base and it goes flying, along with a few of Erik's fingers. Blood pulses out and he shouts, bringing his fingers to his chest, and dropping to his knees. I take the tip of the ax and drag it up the side of his face, watching the blood pool out. "I win." I whisper, wrenching the ax to the side and with as much strength as I can muster, I swing. Erik's head rolls off his neck and bounces away. Erik's cannon booms, I release a harsh breath and run on shaky legs back to Colt. He's hanging on by a few raggedy breaths, blood spilling around him. My eyes fill up with years and I brush his hair out of his eyes as I crash to my knees beside him. "I'm sorry." I whisper into his good ear. "You've done good, Johanna. Now make him pay." He lifts his finger to the sky and points before his hand falls limply to the ground, and I see the life exit his eyes. That final cannon signals my victory, so I stand and raise my bloodied ax to the sky, shouting in defiance.