refused to go in any deeper without the flags to indicate where to swim - instead sitting in the shallows, allowing the water to wash over their laps as they talked of their families. The loss of their parents, the fractured relationship Peeta had with his mother. His hopes to have his exhibition go beyond Sydney, and enable him to show in galleries overseas. Her disappointment that she still didn't know what she wanted to do with her life, only that she got more joy out of hiking in the woods near her home than going into her office and writing policies all day. When she'd joined the forestry department, she hadn't exactly figured she'd be stuck inside being a paper pusher. Yet, that's what she'd become. She told him of Cato, the guy who'd charmed his way into her bed and danced out of it so easily. He told her of the girlfriend who'd left him high and dry when she'd finally realised the life of luxury she'd expected from an artist wasn't reality. They sat on oversized beach towels, ate ham and cheese sandwiches, munched on pretzels and cherries and slices of watermelon they'd pilfered from the fridge. But they kissed more than anything else, kisses full of desire and need and a desperation, knowing that today was all they had. "Do we, though?" "Hmm?" Katniss turned to face him lazily, his voice breaking the silence that had enveloped them as they dozed in the sun. "Do we what?" "Only have today?" Her cheeks pinkened, the realisation that the thoughts that had been running through her mind all of the afternoon had somehow been spoken aloud in her daydreaming. "Of course," she said softly. "I leave first thing in the morning, and I'll go back to work. You'll go back to Sydney, start your exhibition. We'll hear of each other through Prim, and…" This was exactly why you never had vacation romances, why you never gave into those kisses deep in the night. Because it never ended well. Yet she kept on kissing him. "I don't want that, though," Peeta told her. She swallowed heavily. "What do you want, then?" "I want…I want to give this a chance." She blinked. "We've known each other for barely two weeks!" "So?" He lifted himself up on one elbow, turned on his side to face her. "Prim and Damian knew each other for less than a month, but they knew." "Is this you proposing?" she snorted, but she wasn't sure what the feeling was in her chest that accompanied her question. Peeta grinned. "No. But…I've never felt for anyone what I've managed to feel for you in the last two weeks, even when you hated me. No one has ever made me want more like you have. You're surly, and abrupt and-" "Is this supposed to be winning me over?" " But you love so fiercely, and you're so protective and giving, even though you wouldn't say you were. You're funny and sharp and smart…All of that together makes a combo that I find hard to resist. And you're- you're radiant, remember?" He ran a hand across the back of his neck, in what she'd come to recognise over the last few days as a nervous gesture. "But no, I'm not proposing. Though I think I'd like to maybe give us the chance to find out if it could be something more." He took a quick glance at her face, and whatever he saw there had him faltering. "Or, uh, I guess we could at least be friends." Katniss closed her eyes and inhaled deeply. Would it be so bad to try and see what could happen between them? It wasn't like there was anyone beating down her door back home, and…and Peeta was the only guy she'd ever met who'd had this type of impact on her. One that made her want to consider the impossibility of something like this. One that made her think that trying to see if you were compatible with someone with an ocean between them was worth trying. "I'm not very good at being friends," she finally murmured as she opened her eyes, and this time, what he saw must have settled his nerves - his own shoulders relaxed, his face cleared of worry. "I guess I'm not sure I could be very good at just being friends with you, anyway." It was the timbre of his voice that made her stomach quiver, that made any final resolve she might have had to say no, crumble. "We could give it a try." He smiled, and the dimple at the bottom of his chin popped out. "I like the sound of that," he said softly, reaching over and squeezing her fingers. "And you know, I think I'd like to see a white Christmas one day," he added tentatively. "Maybe…maybe you should see one," she agreed. "Maybe I should." He reached out a hand, tucked a loose, sandy strand of hair behind her ear. "So what are you doing next year?" The corner of Katniss' mouth lifted. "If he plays his cards right, maybe playing host to a painter from Australia." Peeta shifted on the towel, drawing her close and sliding his foot between hers, tangling their legs together. "That sounds like a plan," he murmured, and fused his mouth to hers. A/N - I'd had no intentions of writing anything this holiday season - after a super crazy busy period at work, the inspiration and desire to write had all but fled. But…well, the muse is an odd and fickle beast, and it hits you when you least expect it, lol. Plus, I realised that I'd never actually written an Australian!Peeta, and how could I not? In the end, it got a little out of hand and ended up not so much a drabble, but as this. Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays, my friends, I hope you have a wonderful 2016. Thank you for reading :)