without feeling over decorated or kitschy. Dark browns and soft oranges offset the otherwise cream tones of the bakery, the line of booths for in-store diners directly across from a display case heaped with delicious looking sweets and cakes and pastries. Suddenly a plate was placed in front of her, and he slid into the opposite side of the booth; Katniss looked down at the plate, then back up at Peeta. "You went all the way to France, and all I get is this lousy cheesebun?" She asked, then blushed, ducked her head. "Sorry. That sounded super rude - it was meant to be a joke. I guess maybe we're both good at things coming out wrong." He laughed. "Well, I figured I won the argument back when we were teenagers - it was only fair you got one now." Katniss smirked when she raised her head again. "You won the argument fair and square when you admitted that you'd made them yourself." "Still, fairs fair," Peeta said seriously. "This one, despite being made by me again, is 100% yours." Shrugging, she pulled a small chunk off and popped it into her mouth. And she sighed. "These are still amazing. Worth the wait." "I'm glad. Some things are good when you're a teenager, but they're even better as an adult." He smiled, but it was a slow one, one that seemed to creep across his face infinitesimally, until it all but exploded. And she practically choked on the bread. She hurriedly swallowed it, coughing and gasping, grabbing a bottle of water from her bag to wash it down. She silently cursed herself for reacting to him so strongly that she almost needed first aid in the middle of the bakery. "Shit, Katniss, are you okay?" The concern was clear on his face, as he half stood in his seat while he reached out towards her. She waved him away, took another sip of water. "I'm fine," she muttered. "Just went down the wrong way." "Okay, good," Peeta sighed in relief. "I was just worried I'd freaked you out again." "Huh?" "By my lame ass comment." "Oh. Oh no." She shook her head - then narrowed her eyes. "Hang on, what do you mean 'freaked out again'?" "Uh oh," he cringed, clapped a hand over his eyes, peering at her through the gap in his fingers. "I've done it again. Sorry...I just meant...when I told you about me having a crush on you at the Halloween party you kind of seemed, uh, completely mortified." She blinked. "I did?" He nodded, dropping his gaze and his hand down to the tabletop and beginning to draw nervous circles across the surface with his finger. "I felt bad about it; you looked really unimpressed. That's why I left so quickly." Katniss grimaced, capping the bottle of water and dropping it back in her bag. "I didn't mean to - I was just really...surprised, I guess." "Why?" "I'm not used to guys telling me they had a crush on me." "Really?" He looked back up at her. "I find that hard to believe." "Well, believe it. I'm obviously not the drawcard I apparently was when I was 16." She rolled her eyes, picked at the cheesebun again. "I don't think you realise the effect you have, Katniss," Peeta murmured quietly. "Even 8 years after I saw you last, you still made me feel like I'd been punched in the stomach at the party." The piece of bread was halfway to her mouth, and this time she wasn't taking any chances - she dropped it back to her plate. "What?" The words came out in a rush, in a single breath. "Would it be completely and utterly and totally weird if I asked you out right now?" " What ?" His shoulders slumped. "Okay, you're right. Absolutely weird. Completely out of left field. Forget I asked." Katniss shook her head firmly, leant forward with her forearms resting on the tabletop, even while her heart raced wildly. "I'm not saying no - I'm just...why?" "Why not?" "Why?" He ran a hand through his hair, slumped back in the booth. "Because when you were 16 years old, you intrigued me. I guess in the back of my mind I always wondered what Katniss Everdeen was like as an adult...and when I saw her again, she still intrigued me. And I think I'd like the chance to get to know her better." Katniss was fairly certain her mouth was opening and closing like a fish, her eyes wide with shock. Things like this didn't happen to her. Things like this only happened in movies. Hot, attractive guys gravitated towards Madge and Delly and Johanna. And the ones she liked, or was attracted to or whatever never liked her back... "Are you really being serious about this?" The corner of his mouth quirked up as he nodded. "Absolutely." She licked her lips nervously, before she opened her mouth to reply. Then she closed it again, pausing as she eyed him carefully. "Wait. I think...before I agree to this, I need to know one thing." He lifted an eyebrow. "Yeah?" Katniss inhaled deeply. This was, really, a make or break question. "What's your favourite episode?" she blurted, and he nodded seriously. "You're right. This is something we need to take into consideration." "Are you mocking me?" Peeta shook his head. "Definitely not. If we're in complete disagreeance on this, we'll write things off right now, chalk it up as a narrowly avoided misadventure." "Alright," she said warily. "So - what is it?" He scraped his top teeth across his bottom lip, looked from side to side and back to her again before responding. " Small Potatoes ," he said seriously. Katniss stared at him for a moment, before a small smile began to cross her face. Thank God. "So - when do you want to go out?" For Starla, aka salanderjade, aka whowhatsitwhich. Just a few of your favourite things ;).