gruff Peacekeeper warned. "That's my burden to bear and my issue to deal with," Peeta replied warily. "Now call for the District Twelve Escort and have them meet us here. Immediately." Katniss knew the Peacekeepers didn't agree with Peeta's demands, could feel the frustration emanating off them like heat. But the younger of the two dutifully reached into a discreet pocket of his hard-shelled jacket, pulled out a slim communicator. She heard him mumbling, the words he spoke obscured from her by his back, while the older man stalked over to Peeta, hissing in his ear angrily. She didn't tempt herself to stand, or move, or run. Right now, she was being given free passage back to Twelve, with little punishment. And she had the future king of Panem to thank for it. "I'm sorry I couldn't do more for you," Peeta said quietly moments later, kneeling down so that he was at her level. Katniss raised her eyes, scanning over to the two Peacekeepers who now guarded the gate, before biting her lip. "You've done more than enough," she told him. "I…I… thank you ." The words trailed off in a whisper, and he felt his heart turn over in his chest. He hadn't done enough. Not nearly enough. And here she was, thanking him for a simple loaf of bread and a trip back to Twelve. "Will you be ok?" "I'll be fine," she replied. They both sat there in silence, and he wished he knew what to say. What he wanted to say - he wanted to tell her that her eyes were beautiful, that her determination was amazing, that he wanted to get to know her better - wasn't suitable right now, wasn't something he felt right in saying. But it didn't stop him thinking about it. He watched as the District Twelve escort finally appeared - a man unsteady on his feet, with a face shadowed by a three day growth and a jacket that smelled like it had seen better days - and discussed the task at hand with the two Peacekeepers. The man gave him a tip of the head that managed to be both honouring and insolent, and had to hold back a snort. If Deliah Mellark - the current reigning monarch with her husband - had encountered this man, he would have been sent back to Twelve with his tail between his legs and no job to speak of. They left, one final glance from Katniss over her shoulder shaking him to the core. He hoped and wished with everything inside him that he would see her again one day. It took her less than 10 minutes to figure it out, but she knew it like she knew what time the sun would rise, knew it like she knew how her arrow would hit the bullseye she'd painted on trees with berry juice. "I don't know who the hell you are, but you're not an escort," she snapped, whirling on him and pointing a finger in his face. "I've seen Twelve's escort, and it isn't you. Who the hell are you, and where are you taking me?" He laughed, a throaty, scratchy sound that really didn't sound like a laugh at all. "Well aren't you observant. Of course I'm not a damned escort. Do you think I'd do something as weak-piss as that?" "I don't know, because I don't know you ." They'd left the cobbled streets of One behind, and were now beginning the trek through the woods that would lead her back to Twelve. "But if you're here to kill me, do it now and get it over with." The man - apparently named Haymitch, from what she'd overheard the Peacekeepers say - snorted. "If I wanted to kill you, sweetheart, I just would have done away with the lot of you back in that courtyard." He brushed his hair out of his eyes, and shrugged. "I got no secrets, and I've gotta tell you sooner or later. So, if you must know...I'm a genie." Katniss laughed; she couldn't help it. It fell from her lips, almost choked the breath out of her. "How drunk are you? You've got to be kidding me." He scowled. "Does this look like the face of a man who likes to make jokes?" Katniss studied the man from the top of his bedraggled, chin length hair the colour of soot, to the tip of the well-worn boots that ensconced his feet. His demeanor was hostile, his eyes narrowed. No, he definitely didn't . Maybe….maybe he was telling the truth. Stranger things had happened in Panem over the years. "Well?" He snapped, folding his arms across his chest. "Done looking?" Katniss shrugged. "You're just...not exactly what I imagined you'd look like." He barked out a laugh, and the stale smell of liquor bottled for years wafted around him. "You spend a lot of time thinking about what genies look like, sweetheart?" "No, but….genie's don't really exist," she insisted. Then her brow furrowed in consternation. "Do they?" He sighed in frustration. "Quit arguing and just believe me. I'm a genie, and that's all there is to it. Do you want the spiel? We're made up of every star ever wished on and...oh, blah blah blah, who cares. For some reason, I've been assigned to you." "Assigned...assigned to me?" "To possibly my everlasting regret. Yes, assigned to you til I've done my job. Someone out there thinks you deserve three wishes, and I'm here to grant them." He reached into the pocket of his jacket, unscrewed the top off of a small flask, and raised it to his lips, swallowing deeply. "But, if you're gonna get all caught up on semantics, you can call me your Mentor instead. Sound better?" She nodded dumbly. She didn't know what else to do. She had a genie? A/N - Thank you for reading! This PiP submission will be continued with a few more chapters in the near future :)