to drink ." She stopped under a streetlight, folded her arms across her chest. "But if you have issues with my friends coming to The MA -" "No!" He lifted his hands up, waved them defensively. "Not at all! Gale's a nice guy, it's just…" "Just what?" "I thought you were dating." She shook her head. "He's been dating Madge for the last 5 years. And last week, when he came to pick me up after work, it was to take me shopping so I could help him pick out a ring. I'm not sure what help he thought I'd be because I own zero jewellery…" Her eyes narrowed. "Why would it matter if I was dating Gale, anyway?" "It doesn't." "Right." "Right." And then the words were spilling out of his mouth before it even registered. "Actually, no, it matters a lot." Oh. Oh shit. Holy shit! What had he done?! This time, she took a step back. "It does?" He shook his head frantically, wishing he could take the words back. "No it doesn't. Forget I said anything. Let's keep going." He'd taken a total of four steps when he felt her hand wrap around his bicep, and tug him around. Shrouded in shadow now that they were out of the beam of the streetlight, he could barely see the confusion in her eyes. But it was there. "Peeta, what's going on? Why do you have an issue with me dating Gale?" Her voice was full of the same confusion her eyes held. He swallowed heavily, tried not to focus on the heat that seemed to brand into his arm from her touch. "It doesn't matter." It's inappropriate, it's inappropriate! You can't like her! Katniss shook her head then. "Don't bullshit me, Peeta. Just be honest with me." "Fine!" He burst out, lifted his free arm to point at where her hand was still clutched around his bicep. "Can't you feel that? It's like my arm is on fire right now. You touch me, and it feels like my entire body is filled with electricity, and... fuck, I sound like a romance novel." He tugged his arm out of her grasp, turning and stalking away, embarrassment and shame filling him. They were probably going to have to find a new manager, there was no way she was going to stick around- "Yes." Peeta halted abruptly at the sound of her voice, spun on his heel. "What?" "Yes, I felt that - feel that. I do, every time you brush past me, or hand me a plate, or when I'm fucking up in Excel and you lean around me to help fix whatever function I've ruined." Her voice cracked, and wobbled, and he could see her hands clenched together tightly in front of her. "But I can't say anything to you, or acknowledge it, because you're my boss , Peeta." "You feel it?" He still couldn't get past the fact that she could, and she never reacted. Had Aaran been right earlier that morning? Had Katniss been watching him, like he'd been watching her? "But...I could never tell…" "Trust me, it took a long time for me to get any kind of poker face. In high school, I was a damned open book; people knew what I thought, what I felt, before I did. But I had to learn." She took a few steps closer to him. "I couldn't afford to say anything, Peeta. I needed this job. I wanted this job. I didn't want to go and work at a stupid hotel chain, with its carbon copy lobbies and fake hospitality - I wanted where I worked to feel real. And the moment I walked into The MA , I felt that. So I couldn't screw it up." Peeta could barely comprehend what she was saying, his mind a jumble of thoughts. Right now, though, propriety was last on his list of things to think of. "Well you know what I felt the first time you walked into The MA ?" Katniss shook her head, and he took a moment to steel himself before speaking. "I felt like I was hit by a truck, like my heart thumped out of my chest like in The Mask ." "Oh, please," she muttered. "100% true. Even Ethen and Aaran knew it. They still make fun of me now." "They make fun of you for that?" He took in a deep breath, let it out again slowly, then closed the distance between them. "Well, no, not just that." "Then what else do they make fun of you about?" He reached up, his fingers tentatively touching the curled end of her braid. What the hell , he thought. I've gone this far, it can't get much worse . "They like to make fun of me because I haven't told our Accommodation Manager yet that I'm kind of stupidly crazy about her." She blinked. "Oh." "Yeah. Oh." She blinked again, a weird choking noise coming from the back of her throat. "Uh, Jo likes to tease me too," she admitted. "Really?" His heart did a weird nervous stutter in his chest. "What about?" "She, uh, likes to tease me because I haven't told one of my bosses that I'm kind of stupidly crazy about him. The youngest one." "Oh." "Yeah." They stood in silence for a moment, the revelations from both of them sinking in. And then, almost simultaneously, twin grins began to spread across their faces. "I think maybe I should tell our Accommodation Manager that I'm crazy about her," Peeta finally murmured. His head was almost spinning with the unexpected turn the night had taken. Katniss shook her head. "I think...I think maybe you should show her," she replied quietly. He stepped closer to her, slowly wrapping his arm around her waist and drawing her against him. He lowered his mouth to hers, felt Katniss' arms link around his neck. Peeta didn't regret working on his day off one single bit.