hand. "I wanted that too, Katniss. Don't brush this off. I've wanted you for so long, I've wanted to tell you for ages-" "Don't!" she snapped. "This is so wrong! You're so young! And-" "Young? I'm, like 4 years younger than you, Katniss. What the hell does that have to do with anything? And there's nothing at this school that says we can't date." "I know, but….." she ran her hands through her hair, trying to turn away, but he wouldn't let her. "I'm no good for you, Peeta. I suck at relationships and dating, and I've got baggage and…ugh. Just….I can't." Her eyes looked up at him pleadingly, and after a moment he let her go, his hands dropping to his sides as his eyes filled with hurt. She fled from the room, leaving him – and her dignity – behind. She needed that ice-cream more than ever now. "And it's not even like I want the asshole, her announcement just threw me for a loop. It's just...It's been like 6 months since I went on a date. And..." Madge shoved the spoon in the quart of cookie dough, and placed it on the coffee table between them. She'd readily agreed to spending her Saturday night at Katniss', considering Gale was having a poker night and she had no desire to play beer wench. She tucked her hair behind her ear and looked at Katniss straight on. "You asked us not to. I specifically remember you pretty much put an embargo on dating, so we had to respect that." Katniss shrugged. "I know, I know. But..." She twisted her braid around her hand and tugged. "I dunno. I can't explain it. It was just weird when Clove started giggling like a valley girl." She looked up guiltily, and before she even realised it, the words were tumbling out. She'd been hanging onto them all afternoon, hadn't been able to get the images of them together out of her head. "I kissed Peeta Mellark while I was at play rehearsals today." Madge practically fell off her chair. "Holy crap, Katniss! Way to spring that on me!" "Don't make a big deal out of it," Katniss warned, cringing. "It was an accident. I kissed him, I apologised, and left." "What?! Why? Why did you apologise? You've never done anything like that before, you know, made the first move, and the guy is hot!" "He's 23, Madge!" "So fucking what? He's nice, a great teacher, has a fine ass and he's...ugh, Kat, I'm not even going to get into that any more. Who cares if he's 23?" "I do," Katniss said stubbornly, spooning another bite of ice-cream into her mouth forcefully. "And he's a teacher anyway." "I repeat, so?" "This is really annoying," Katniss warned. "I know," Madge countered, and sighed. "Do you like him?" Katniss glanced away, unwilling to tell Madge that what she'd felt when he'd pressed her down onto the desk, she'd never felt before. That only the knowledge that his chaperoning was for similar reasons to what they were doing right that minute, was the only thing that allowed sanity to break back through. So she lied. "Not like that," she said softly. "Not enough to date." Madge nodded, then leant forward, resting a hand on Katniss' knee. "Look, I know a really nice guy. He's a friend of Gale's. Would you let me organise something? It might...get you out of this funk. It could be fun." Katniss stared into the carton of ice-cream in front of her, and sighed. Why not? It was better than moping, or thinking about Peeta. "Fine," she agreed. "And I mean, at least you have better taste than Clove." Madge snorted. "That's an understatement." She successfully avoided Peeta all week. There were no awkward conversations, no moments where she had to stare into his blue eyes and remember them hovering above her. She was surprised how empty her week felt. But she pushed it aside, and focused on her date with Thom. Thom , she repeated. Dark hair, dark eyes, tall. Quiet. Works with Gale. This would be fine. At least she'd heard of him before. She smoothed her hands down the thin, dark green jersey knit of the dress she'd yanked from the back of her closet, and tweaked at the hair she had left unbound. She glanced in the rear-view mirror and dabbed on some lip gloss, making sure the eyeliner she'd applied with a shaking hand - she was useless at that shit, she really was - was still in place. At least she looked half decent. Stepping from the car, and locking it behind her, she walked briskly over to the door of the restaurant, her short heels tapping on the pavement. It echoed the nervous drum of her heart. The hostess smiled at her as she walked in, and ran a finger down the reservation listings as Katniss mumbled out the booking. "Ah yes, Undersee, party of two. Your date is already here, Ms Undersee." "Oh, I'm not….Actually, never mind," Katniss sighed. She wasn't about to explain that she was on a blind-ish date to the hostess. She followed the young girl through the winding restaurant, happy that the table seemed to be at the back, out of the way. There would be nothing more awkward than a blind date in the middle of the restaurant. "Here's your table, Ms, enjoy your evening," the hostess announced, and returned to the door, allowing Katniss a view of the table. Holy shit. "Peeta?" She exclaimed, her eyes wide. The look on his face was priceless, almost exactly a mirror image of what she imagined hers to be. She didn't take her gaze away from him as she felt her phone vibrate in her purse, and as she reached in to fish it out. She glanced at the message, and swore under her breath. Madge: Damn right I have better taste than Clove. And you're a terrible liar, btw. Enjoy.