blunt enough for the older woman's mouth to firm into a bloodless thin line. "Saturday." "Fine," She huffed, then glanced down at her hand when her phone buzzed. Almost instantly, her face cleared up, her mouth shifting into a wide smile. "Well, I'll just go out there, let you do whatever it is you're doing in here. Caesar just let me know that Cinna has arrived and he's been promising me an introduction for weeks . If you leave before I do, please say goodbye." With that, she spun on her six inch toothpick heels, and tottered back out into the main gallery. With her exit, the room was silent; the only thing Katniss could hear was the pounding of her heart in her ears. " You're Peeta Mellark?" She finally bit out. She couldn't look at him; instead she stared down at her hands, at the way she'd clenched them together tightly in her lap. "I am," he admitted quietly. She felt the wave of shame wash over her as she ran through her head everything she'd said - the way she'd been so flippant and irreverent about the majority of the artwork, and worst of all, the way she'd complimented him on his own work. To his face . "You just made a fool out of me," she snapped angrily as she lifted her head. "No!" His eyes widened, and he shook his head emphatically. "No, I didn't mean to make you feel like that!" "Well, you did. You sat here while I bitched about art, and you listened while that woman called you the find of the century?" Peeta had the decency to blush. "I didn't plan it to happen that way, and I certainly didn't ask that woman to say something like that..." He trailed off, his voice full of chagrin when he spoke again. "It doesn't matter. I just wanted to come here incognito, listen to what people have to say when they're not just trying to kiss your ass because they know who you are." She scoffed. "And the people here don't ?" "No." He shook his head. "I let my agent deal with the gallery and the curator while she was negotiating. I've never shown in this gallery before-" he paused for a moment, took in a deep breath. "-or at all. This is...this is actually my first full show." Katniss' mouth dropped open, briefly glancing over to the paintings on the wall. "This is your first show? You're kidding." "Not at all. And I'm shitting myself, basically. Nervous as hell. Ridiculously nervous." For the first time, she recognised the fear in his eyes, hidden behind the charm. He'd hidden it well, but now he'd mentioned it, it was all she could see. "It's kind of why I'm hiding out in here, with you. I didn't want them to know who I was, because I wanted to honestly hear how people felt about my work. No one ever gives you an honest review to your face when they know who you are. So I think...you've given me the most honest review I've ever received." She ran her tongue across the front of her teeth. "After complaining about most of the art? I should be the last person you should listen to. I clearly know nothing." "You were honest with me." Peeta reiterated. "I'd rather hear that, than someone pretend to be interested, and not really give a shit." The anger and annoyance inside her had already started to fade, embarrassment becoming more prevalent. She could feel how red her cheeks were, but she was prepared to fight her way through it. "Well...I'm sorry. I was pretty flippant about the whole scene." "Like I said before, no apologies are necessary," he said firmly. "I should apologise to you , for not being honest." She shrugged. "You didn't know me, you didn't have to tell me who you were. You're not the first guy in my life who's not been honest with me." "Well I can tell you now that they were all idiots - why anyone would not be honest with you is beyond me." Then he shook his head. "But you can include me on that list. I was stupid. Stupid with nerves, but stupid nonetheless." When they both fell into an awkward silence, Katniss realised she'd already more than overstayed her welcome tonight. Making fun of the letter F, busybody agents, not understanding shoes, making a fool of herself in front of one of the artists...Nope, tonight, she was done. "Well - I won't argue with that," she told him, rising to her feet. "But I think it's time for me to go home." "No, please don't. I really am sorry." He stood, pushed his glasses up further on his nose and looked at her imploringly. "Look, let me make it up to you. There's a bar just around the corner - let me buy you a drink or a meal or something to apologise for not being upfront with you about who I was." She rolled her eyes. "Like you said before, apologies aren't necessary; you don't need to do that. I just think it's time to go home." This time, he reached out, rested his hand lightly on the back of her own. It was ridiculous the way the current - unexpected and sharp - danced up her arm and down her spine at his touch. "Please." Katniss took in a deep breath, chewed on her bottom lip as she considered it. He was friendly, obviously talented, and did seem like a genuinely nice guy, just one whose nerves had gotten the better of him. He was funny, too. And good looking. Very good looking. "Okay," she finally agreed, and he breathed out a sigh of relief, running a hand through his hair and sending it into further disarray. "But… only if you promise to tell me more about your paintings." "Really?" "Yeah, really." Peeta grinned, wide and enthusiastically. "Deal."