"You should just come stay with me." "I can't do that either." "Why not?" She repeated, turning in her seat more so that she was facing him squarely. "Look, if you're worried what Mom and Prim will say about your eye, just tell them you got an elbow to the face while wrestling. We'll tell everyone at the party that too, okay? They don't need to know the truth." "I didn't want you to know either," he whispered. "Then you should have lied to me too." "You wouldn't have believed me." "I know." She caught his good eye. "I mean, what did you expect, that I'd just let you walk around at the party with those dumb sunglasses on and never ask why?" His jaw clenched, a muscle in his cheek jumping slightly. "Yes-no…I don't know…I didn't think that far ahead." Katniss shook her head. "Look, that doesn't matter. Come home with me this weekend, Peeta. I don't want you with that woman one more minute than you need to be. I don't want to give her another chance to hurt you." "I told you it doesn't happen that often." "You also told me it didn't happen at all anymore," she pointed out, then sighed. This was not how she'd expected this night to go, but it didn't change the fact that seeing Peeta like this just reminded her how much he meant to her. "We'll sort it out, okay? We'll do something so that she never does it again. I just…" "Just what?" She lowered her voice, licked her lips. "I just want to put you somewhere where you won't get hurt," she said quietly. Peeta didn't say anything at first, and she felt the nerves kick in again. Had she said something wrong? Was he angry at her? Had she stepped over the line? "Katniss?" Her hands played with the hem of her t-shirt. "Yeah?" "Look at me." His voice had lost all its heat, all its embarrassment; instead it was filled with something she wasn't entirely sure she recognised. She risked a glance up at him, to see him staring at her intently. Or as intently as he could with one eye. "Yeah?" He took a deep breath, his chest rising and falling with the movement below his pale blue button up. "If I tell you something, will you promise you won't get mad at me?" Her eyebrows drew together in concern. "If it's about your mom, I can only promise that I will get mad. Otherwise…I suppose so." "I mean, it's probably not a good time to say it, considering-" " What? " "I've been thinking about last weekend. A lot." Her eyes widened, and she lowered her gaze back to her lap. "Oh." Oh no. Here it came. Where he tells her he's glad it didn't happen, that they can only ever be just friends. That he's grateful for her support as a friend . "I've wanted to do that for a long time. For as long as I can remember. And I've spent the last week cursing Madge for calling you at that very moment." Her head snapped up in surprise, her mouth dropping open. He was just watching her, doing absolutely nothing but watching her silently. Her only indication that he was nervous was his hands - they were still clenched together tightly in his lap, to the point the knuckles were white from stress. "R-really?" He nodded slowly. "I was going to tell you tonight, and then this happened-" "I was going to tell you too," Katniss burst out in a rush, before she could stop herself; she felt lightheaded from the abrupt release of words. "I've been thinking about it all week, but I didn't want to ruin us being friends, but then I figured I had to tell you anyway. But then your eye , and your bitch mom who can kiss my-" "Katniss?" "Yeah?" She didn't see it coming, although she supposed she should have. One minute he was on the other side of the car, the next his mouth was on hers, soft and gentle and searching; his hands were in her hair, weaving through the loose strands, and she was leaning into him desperately. It felt like she'd been waiting forever for this. Reaching up, her hands clasped his jaw, her fingers sliding up into the unruly waves at the nape of his neck; with the slightest change of angle, the kiss deepened and his tongue dragged across her lips; she thought her heart would leap right out of her chest. And then he was wincing, pulling away slightly, a flash of pain crossing his face. And she realised that her hands had gripped just that little bit too hard, her palms pressing against the bruising that was creeping down his left cheek. "Oh shit, Peeta, I'm sorry," she murmured, dancing her fingers lightly over the edge of the bruise, her touch tender and soft as she cupped her hand around his jaw. She watched as his eyelids fluttered closed, as his own hand reached up to clasp hers. Watched the relief and calm cross his face, as he began to relax against her touch. Eventually his good eye flickered open again, and his voice was soft as he spoke. "Katniss, do you mind if we don't go to the party? If we just turn around and go back to your place? I don't think I'm really in the mood to go. I just…I think I want to spend the night with just you." Katniss smiled, and she knew she wasn't even capable of hiding the relief in her voice. "Peeta, I can't think of anything I'd rather do," she said quietly, and gently kissed him again. A/N - This week, I'm participating in Prompts in Panem on tumblr, which means there will be a break in my updating of my two wips. But I'll be back to them in no time :) Thank you for reading!