prior to the awards ceremony would be a huge boost for you both, so I do believe you should expedite it. Of course, it is up to you." Peeta had murmured his understanding, while she'd remained mute. How had they never thought of this? How, in the last few months, had they never thought about what could happen when the contract was done? Had they been living in fantasy land? Had they gotten so caught up in everything that they'd forgotten the reality? Katniss walked blindly into the elevator, didn't even notice when Peeta stepped in beside her. Didn't pay attention to anything as she walked through the underground carpark to Peeta's Jeep, didn't say a word as he switched on the ignition and peeled back out onto the street. But she could see the way his hands clenched the wheel so tightly, his knuckles were white. Peeta drove all the way to the coast, to a secluded spot they'd discovered one lazy Sunday afternoon. A spot that had been deserted every other time they'd been there and, thankfully, was so again today. He pulled the car to a stop, where they both stared out the front windscreen blankly, until Katniss shoved open the door and stumbled outside. She could feel his eyes burning into her back as she moved across the grass, until she'd reached the ledge. She wrapped her arms around her waist, felt the salty breeze whip at her braid and tug strands of hair from its confines as she stared down at the crashing water below. "Katniss." His voice was soft, and barely carried across the wind to her. "I'm not in the mood to talk, Peeta," she croaked out. "I just...I can't. Not right now. I can't even think about that." "I don't want to think about it." She whirled to face him then, studied his own stormy eyes and haphazard hair, the way his hands were fisted at his sides. "Want? Want ? I don't think anything about this has to do with want , Peeta. It has to do with contracts, and signed dotted lines, and them telling us what they want us to do." "It was just a suggestion, Katniss, not an order!" "It may as well have been. They told us they've already written the press releases on our break up!" "I don't care." "Well, I wish I could say I don't care about us having to break up, but I do. It means we can't be together. How can we be together if we have to break up?!" She knew she was verging on sounding hysterical, but she couldn't help it. Finally, she felt like she'd gotten her life together; through fate, through circumstance, through whatever the hell it was. And now, they were going to take it all away from her. Peeta shook his head again, crossed the grass until he was standing directly in front of her. "There is nowhere in the contract where it says we have to break up, or that we can't be together." She threw her arms out wide. "They made it pretty clear that that's what they want!" "I don't care about what they want, or their suggestions. I don't want to break up with you, Katniss. Ever. I want to marry you." What? "What?" she repeated her own thought aloud, almost dumbly, and took a step back in shock. His hand reached out and caught her wrist, drew her back closer to him and away from the ledge. "I want to marry you," he said firmly, quietly, and his eyes were almost midnight in their intensity. "I have for years, thought I'd lost my chance until this all happened. And now...I don't want to let the chance go by again." "You want to marry me?" How? Why? What the hell was happening? He nodded, his fingers tightening, then loosening, then tightening again around her wrist. She realised he was nervous, that each flick of his fingers was like he was playing the strings of a guitar. "Yeah, I do. I love you, Katniss." "But...but what about Plutarch? What about Caesar? What about them wanting us to break up?" "Fuck 'em," he said flippantly. "In a few week's time, this contract will be done, and there's nothing more for them to exploit. We can play the game just as well as they can." He moved forward a little more until she was all but in his arms. "I guess now I just need to know if you want to marry me ." She tried to clear her throat, but nothing seemed to work. "Are you...are you officially asking me here?" "I'm probably doing it wrong," he admitted. "In fact, I know I'm doing it horribly wrong, and not at all in the way I wanted to. But...yeah. I am. Will you marry me, Katniss? When our contract with Capitol Records is done, will you make things real with me?" She blinked, felt her heart pound so hard she was worried it was going to beat right out of her chest. After the bombshell from Capitol, she'd never expected their conversation to go down this road, had never expected him to propose . 5 minutes ago, they were arguing about Caesar and Plutarch and their ridiculous schemes. 5 days ago, she was telling Madge it was ridiculous for them to even think about moving in together. And now this?! Marriage ?! It was too soon. It was too unexpected. It was too crazy. It was too- "Yes," she blurted, before she could second guess herself, or talk herself out of it, or convince herself he was going to change his mind at any moment. "I love you too. So yes." The grin that crossed Peeta's face was wide and broad, and she didn't have another second to think before he'd yanked her against his chest and was kissing her like his life depended on it. Katniss couldn't wait until this stupid contract was done.