as they burned into her, as he thrust deeply into her once more, his body pulsating as he breathed her name, then slowing, then stilling over hers. He pressed a kiss to her brow, shifting slowly so he was next to her, and drew her close, so her head was resting against his chest. They were quiet, nothing but the sound of their beating hearts and the rustling of leaves outside the bedroom window. "I love you, Katniss," Peeta whispered finally, when he was almost certain she was asleep, her breathing slow and even. She wasn't. And though the words made her heart both hitch and break, she couldn't say anything back. She fell asleep knowing that while they may have broken the rules, she didn't regret it one bit. Day 365 It could have been the rays of the morning sun creeping over the horizon that woke her, the thin streams of light shifting through the curtains draped across the window. It could have been the slight rise and fall of the bare chest beneath her cheek, and the steady heartbeat that accompanied it. It could have been the call of birds – possibly mockingjays at this time of year – that indicated that the night was close to over. But in all likelihood, it was the knowledge that after today her life would never be the same that was the reason she was roused so sharply from her sleep. After today, she was likely to never see Peeta Mellark again. She shifted, sliding the arch of her foot against his calf, reaching a hand up to brush at the fine blonde hairs that covered his chest. If she could freeze this moment, if she could stop and live in it forever, it could suffice. Maybe. Possibly. Highly unlikely. The arm that curved around her shoulders and the fingers that splayed against her waist tightened, and she turned her head so that she was looking up at him. "Hey," Peeta whispered. "Hey," she replied. She wasn't sure she could say anything else around the lump that had lodged itself in her throat. "You ok?" he asked, his left hand reaching to tip up her chin, before dropping back to the mattress. She nodded, unsure of what to say. Surely, after last night, he should know. He'd have to know. He shifted and pulled himself into a sitting position, watching her as she twisted her body in the sheets to pull it tightly around her as she sat up beside him. She had no idea the effect she had, the way he saw her with her mahogany hair tumbling around her shoulders, eyes heavy-lidded with sleep, olive skin warm and dusky against the stark white of the sheet. "Are you ready for today?" He finally asked. She sighed. "I think so. I don't have another choice, do I?" He didn't offer a reply, but his silence spoke a thousand words. Right now, they didn't have a choice. This was all they had. They didn't talk, simply linked their fingers together and thought of all the things they were going to miss. Even if last night hadn't happened, Katniss realized, she'd feel like she was missing a part of her anyway. Somehow, in the last year, he'd become as much as part of her and she was of him. Eventually she rose from the bed, and dressed quietly - black jacket, black shirt, pants and thin gloves. She'd already packed, had done so yesterday, before she even thought for one second she would have spent her last night with Peeta. She'd imagined a night curled up on her bed, staring at the ceiling, knowing she would be starting all over again with someone new, someone she probably wouldn't even like. Instead, she got a night that meant so much more. Katniss grabbed the handle of her bag and stepped over to the bed where Peeta sat watching her, eyes solemn and filled with grief. She bent down, laying a soft kiss on his lips. She couldn't linger, because she knew she'd want to stay if she did. "Goodbye Peeta," she said quietly, brushing a lock of hair from his forehead. His hand reached up, gripping her wrist and bringing her palm to his mouth, his lips pressing against it gently. "Goodbye Katniss. I hope...I hope we see each other again." She paused for a long moment before replying. "So do I, Peeta. Otherwise, what's even the point in this rebellion?" A slow smile spread across his face and he nodded. "You're right. That's exactly the point." Silence fell before Katniss stepped away from the bed, her hand dropping from Peeta's to hang limply by her side. She moved towards the bedroom door, opened it quietly to make sure she woke noone else in the house, and stepped out. She glanced one more time back at Peeta, trying to memorize his features and her heart clenched, not knowing if she would ever see him again. Then she closed the door, her footsteps quiet on the wooden floors. Katniss crept down the hallway, opened the front door, and made her way down the cobblestone path that led from the porch to the front gate. The small vehicle waiting to take her away purred quietly on the street, its headlights cutting through the last of the morning fog. She turned, hand on the gate latch, to look back at the house one final time. She raised three fingers to her lips, and held them out in the direction of her bedroom window. She hoped he saw. It was the only way she could tell him she loved him. She closed the gate behind her, and walked away. A/N: This was written as a gift for Court81981 for the Spring Fling Fic Exchange, based on a prompt where Katniss and Peeta met on the first day of attending the Police Academy. With many thanks to Jeeno2, MalTease and Salanderjade for their cheerleading and impromptu beta-ing!