got 7 ' Merry Late Christmas!' s in return. Folding up the paper she got the gift in, she glanced absently at the label. Merry Christmas Katniss it pronounced it careful, precise script. And it lodged in her head, like a little warning bell, like a faint feeling of deja vu. All I want for Christmas is Katniss Everdeen. Her eyes flew up, glancing around the room as the realisation hit her. Someone in their group of friends had sent her that card. And considering 4 of them were already paired up, and two others were currently pretending not to be staring at each other, it only left one person. Unless it was a joke… Katniss flicked her eyes over to Peeta, waited for him to turn to her. He smiled warmly as he did so, until she held up the label, tapping her finger against the words, her eyebrow cocked in question. As the blood drained from his face, and his eyes widened in horror, she had her answer. Her breath caught in her throat, and she stood up abruptly, moving over to the glass door that led to the small patio. Pushing the curtain aside, and quickly opening and closing the door behind her, she took in a deep breath. It was cold, the deck was covered in snow, but she didn't care. She just needed to breathe and the frigid air cleared her head. Why had Peeta put that card in the box? Was she meant to find it? Did he mean it? Was he just joking with her, as he so often did? Wrapping her fingers around the frozen balustrade, she ignored the numbness in her fingers, the way her hands slowly turned white. She ignored the door opening and closing behind her. "Uh..." his voice was soft, tentative, worried. "Katniss, I'm sorry about the card. I didn't mean to offend you or anything, I just thought..." "Offend me?" She turned at this, folding her arms across her chest to warm them. "Peeta, if that card was from you, why did you do it? You know I hate it when you make fun of me." His mouth dropped open. "Make fun of you, Katniss? That wasn't - isn't my intention at all. I was going to tell you, then, I guess...my secret Santa handwriting is a dead giveaway. I need to work on that." His eyes warmed a little. "I was going to tell you on Christmas day that it was from me, that I got Finnick to put it in the box when they came and visited you. And then I was going to tell you...I changed my mind because I didn't want to ruin your day if you didn't care." "Tell me what?" She asked quietly. Her heart thudded like a drum. "That everything on that card was true. All I want for Christmas, Katniss, is you. And I have for a long time." "Why?" She asked plaintively. "You have no idea, do you?" He ran a hand through the blond hair that she'd thought about a little too often. "Katniss, there's just something about you. I don't know what it is, but I want it. And I want you. But I won't be offended if you turn me down." "Wait, what?" Katniss sputtered as his final words hit her. "Turn you down?" "Well yeah," Peeta shrugged awkwardly. "I mean I don't know if-" "You make my belly squiggly," she blurted, cutting him off mid-sentence. "What?" She blushed. "You...you make my belly squiggly. When you look at me. Or talk to me. Or..." she trailed off, watched the smile slowly creep across his face. "Really?" "Really." He stepped towards her then, cupping her cold cheeks in his warm hands, fingertips sliding up into her hair. Then his mouth was on hers, his lips firm and soft and tasting like apple cider, and he was sucking on her lower lip, his teeth grazing across the skin and sending something a lot stronger than a squiggle to her core. She let her lips part and his tongue slid across her lip before tangling with hers. She unfolded her arms, gripped the front of the ridiculous knitted jumper he wore and yanked him closer to her. He pressed her against the cold balustrade but she didn't even notice. The warmth of his body lined up against hers, the way he was kissing her like his life depended on it fired her blood enough to keep her warm for a hundred lifetimes. Katniss tipped her head slightly to the side, deepening the kiss, the moan soft but clear as it rumbled in his throat. It did nothing but spur her on, and she couldn't think beyond the sliding of his tongue against hers, the eager movements of his lips, the way his fingers clenched in her hair. In the quiet night, there was only the sound of their breaths, and the faint brush of denim and against denim as they tried to get as close as they could. Peeta pulled away, his breathing as laboured as hers. He smiled at her, his thumbs brushing against her cheekbones. "I've waited forever to do that you know," he whispered. "Then I guess your wish came true," Katniss said quietly. "I guess it did." "Maybe….maybe mine did too." "That's nice to hear," Peeta murmured. She smoothed her hands across his chest, slid them up so they linked behind his neck. She twirled a lock of hair at the nape of his neck and tugged slightly. "But don't ever quote Mariah Carey at me again, deal?" He grinned. "Deal." She kissed him again, and for once, she didn't care about the cold weather. She didn't even feel it. A/N -Thanks for reading! Happy holidays to you all. I can be found on tumblr at sponsormusings, where Prompts in Panem lives, and where there are countless terrific submissions from some amazing authors :) Thanks to my usual peeps for their never ending encouragement.