the way her face turned ten shades of red. They walked through the Piazetta , through the square, followed the signs that led them back to the Rialto. It didn't take them as long to get there - their focus on getting back in the most direct route - and soon enough they were back at the entrance to the masquerade, music still blasting out the front door. Facing each other, they stood awkwardly, unsure what to say now that their unexpected adventure had come to an end. Finally, after a good 3 minutes of silence, Katniss spoke up. "Thank you for tonight," she said. "I, uh, had a really good time." "Me too," Peeta agreed with a soft smile. "Although the masquerade didn't turn out as bad as I thought it would...heading out with you was even better." "Yeah." She didn't know what else to say. Was this going to be the last time she ever saw him? Would she ever see him? Her palms were damp, her heart pounding. Surely this wasn't going to be how they would go their separate ways, with awkward silence and stilted sentences? "Katniss?" he said abruptly, his voice tight. "Yes?" "Can I kiss you goodnight?" Her mouth dropped open while her heart leapt. "But...you don't know what I look like," she argued weakly. "It doesn't matter." His hand reached up and ghosted across her cheek before dropping back to his side. "I've wanted to kiss you since we fought over a pizza, and then had to pretend all night that I just wanted to be your gelato pal." "Why?" He shrugged. "You seemed pretty insistent that we were just going to be two people hanging out. I didn't want to ruin that." Her head was spinning, and she bit down on her lip, hard. "I did just want it to be two people hanging out," she finally admitted. "But…" "But?" His voice was hopeful. The lump rose in her throat, simultaneously terrified of either answer she could give. She wanted to kiss him, had wanted to since the moment he'd held out a hand to her and asked her if she'd go with him. But she also didn't want to - she hadn't come here to meet anyone, to even entertain the thought of connecting with anyone. She'd come here for a holiday, that was all. That was all. Screw that. "I want you to kiss me." His lips were on hers in an instant, hot and intense and needy all rolled into one. His hands twisted in her hair, catching on the long strands, tugging her head back slightly. It was as though almost three hours of pent up desire came pouring out in a rush, and she gripped onto his arms for balance. Her lips parted to catch a breath, but all it did was spur Peeta on - he took her bottom lip into his mouth, grazing his teeth, and then his tongue, across it. Her fingers dug in tightly before sliding her arms over his shoulders, clutching at his shoulder blades, feeling the muscles shift and stretch under both skin and fabric. It was somewhere between their tongues dancing against each other's and his hand clutching at her hip that she realised it had been inevitable - they'd been headed for this since they'd locked eyes across a silver tray and she'd been stupid to try and deny it. With a little regret, she pulled away slightly, tucked her face into the crook of his neck, tried to calm her breathing. His arm wrapped around her waist, the other smoothed down her hair. They didn't say anything, and this time, no one having to skirt around them did so disgruntledly. Venice was a place for lovers, not fighters, and everyone knew it. "Can I take the mask off?" He finally asked quietly, and she nodded. She felt his fingers fumble at the back of her head until it loosened; she reached up and helped him, their fingers tangling with each other's as they pulled the mask away from her face. She watched as his eyes darkened beneath his mask, as his mouth curved into a knowing grin. "I knew it," Peeta murmured. "Knew what?" "That you were beautiful inside and out." She wanted to roll her eyes, wanted to make a stupid joke, but for once, she found she couldn't. She may not have agreed with him, but they'd already determined her boysenberry was his pistachio, and vice versa. Without waiting for his approval, she reached for his own mask, happy to find it was one of those deals that had a thin, elasticised band. It slipped over his head easily, mussing up his blond waves even more, and for the first time that evening, she could see him , not just some Zorro version of him. She'd been worried he wouldn't live up to the expectations she'd had building all night. She needn't have. He was, without a doubt, the hottest guy she'd ever met. "It's nice to meet you, Peeta," she said simply. "It's nice to meet you too, Katniss," he grinned. He kissed her again under a sky lit by the moon and the stars. From: Peeta Mellark To: Katniss Everdeen Subject: Rome? Hey Katniss, Thanks for giving me your email address. I'm hoping you get this before the end of your trip….and that you don't think I'm a creepy stalker. I've been a bit sneaky and have looked up the dates of your tour. I know yours finishes a day after mine, and Finnick and I have an extra two days in Rome at the end. If you don't have to catch a flight home straight away...I'd love to see you again. I had an amazing time walking the streets of Venice with you yesterday. Peeta. From: Katniss Everdeen To: Peeta Mellark Subject: Re: Rome? I've always wanted to see the Coliseum. What do you say we check out a real, gladiatorial arena? K