He cupped her breasts, firm in his hands, and felt his way down her torso, stopping to lift her nightdress away from her skin and sliding his warm fingers around her belly. Something in her tightened, and she played with his disheveled hair she had between her fingers. She loved the way his breathing hitched every time she moved her fingers along his ear. His fingers caressed the underside of her chin. Her pink lips were just resting against the skin of his neck, and he could feel her irregular, ragged breaths that were puffing out of her slightly parted mouth, just brushing his collar bone. He thought he heard her mumble something incoherent, so he lifted her head up with his shoulder. Her eyes bore into his for a stretched moment. He whispered her name. She could hear her heart pumping empathetically between the little fabric that was left on her body and his chest. He pressed into her, pushing her against the shower wall, his lips devouring her neck. Soft moans and sighs escape her mouth, making him grunt, apparently satisfied. Quickly, Haymitch lifted her arms up to take her out of her soaked nightdress. She removes her own underwear, and all the while he shimmies out of his own clothes. They lie discarded on the bathroom floor, forgotten and unwanted. He leans down to her bare chest, sliding his tongue between her breasts. She arches her back against the wall, unable to keep herself under her own direction any longer. He enjoys having this effect on her, and he continues all the way down to her belly button and even lower to where he met with her hip bone. He looks up at her, her soft gaze melting into his Seam-gray eyes. She prods him to continue, the heat still burning between her legs. Haymitch slides his fingers along the inside of her thigh, making her tremble with desire. He continues meticulously, aware that he was making her squirm to the point where he feared her knees might give out. She giggles when he kisses her lower legs, but she sighs the sweetest sigh when he touches her heat, and it makes him want to take her right then. They are mostly a wet mess of heavy sighs and low groans as they fumble with each other. He forgets the reason he brought her here in the first place and she doesn't want him to remember. When they finally do come together, it's a moment of shaky hands and shared breath. She doesn't ever want it to end. In the moments afterward, he becomes aware of the fact that one of them shut the water off. Or maybe someone in the Capitol did, but it didn't matter. Effie was shivering slightly, and he wrapped his arms around her, pulling her back towards the bedroom. They skipped over their wet clothes and fell onto the bed, a mixture of wet skin and sweat. Rain pounded against the windows, leaving a thunderous silence in their wake. She lay supine, still lit by sporadic flashes of lightning, looking sexier than any woman he had ever seen. He wrapped his arms around her naked form as they hid underneath the soft covers of the bed. Effie watched as his eyes started to flutter shut, curiously touching his unshaven face for the hundredth time within the hour. "What time is it?" he asks suddenly, speaking coherently between them for the first time in a while. She leans back to catch the clock, which she relays to him while looking at it. When her face returns to the same level as his, his eyes haven't recovered from her message. They're big and round and— scared . She bites her lip, and then she feels her own eyes start to water. "So this is it," she whispers, touching his face softly. Haymitch looks away, doesn't answer her. She can't tear her eyes away from him, but more than anything she wants to out of spite. It was time to go, to leave, to die, she didn't know. Whatever he was a part of, it was bigger than her and the—the, whatever it was between them. Love. Lust. A sick combination of the two. "Effie," he murmurs quietly, rolling closer to her, "you have to be careful. They aren't going to care if you're a Capitol citizen. They're going to know that I'm part of this…this rebellion ." The word rolls off his tongue and she knows there's no going back. It was going to be even more difficult, after this. The Capitol would know Haymitch was part of it soon enough. And when they figured that out…how would they punish him? As if reading her thoughts, he picked up on her idea. "They'll know about this, about us ," he gestures between them. "They're going to come for you." She nods silently, too numb to really think about it. They lay in silence for a few more minutes before he rolls out of bed and starts to dress in clean clothes. The rain is still coming down outside, and she focuses on that as she hears him buckle his belt and put on his shoes. He comes over to her before he leaves, leans down and kisses her softly. "I don't regret it," she says against his hot mouth. "Even if they break my fingers or whatever, it's worth it." It might just be the most lovesick thing she's ever said, and it almost might have been the most sadistic thing he's ever heard. Almost. But she's surprised when he shakes his head at her, kissing her one last time. It is too short, and when he breaks away, he doesn't linger near her because she knows he'll never leave. Haymitch stops at the door, turns to face her and she sits up. "They'll do more than break your fingers, sweetheart." She looks at him sadly. "Stay safe." "Stay alive." And he's gone. Fin.