on her knees, and she could look directly at him. "I thought so," he replied softly. "I'm sorry." Katniss licked her lips. "It wasn't a bad dream. It was a good one, one from when we were younger, and she was milking Lady, and a stream of milk hit her in the face. She'd laughed about it for hours, said that her face would always stay young because she'd bathed in milk." He smiled. "How does that work?" "It doesn't," she told him, the corner of her mouth turning up slightly. "It was an old wives tale, I think, something my mother heard from her mother and so forth." She bit down on her lower lip, the smile disappearing almost as quickly as it appeared. "It's just memories like that that make me miss her the most. That's when it really hits me. I hate knowing everything she'll miss out on, the things she'll never see, the things she'll never do." He wrapped an arm around her shoulders, drew her into him until her head lifted and rested on his shoulder. Thought that how everything she was saying, he always felt the same way about his brothers. What kind of men would they be like now? Would Ethen be running the bakery? Would Aaran have ever stopped playing practical jokes? He'd never know. And neither would they. "I know. Me too." He felt her snuggle into him a little closer. "And I just know she would have loved this. Us. She was always in your corner, Peeta. She knew before I did how I felt about you, and she'd just be so excited. She would have loved being an aunt." What? The word dropped into the air, suddenly, unexpectedly, and he felt his heart leap. She couldn't...she wasn't...no...they'd only barely just begun to try, after years of waiting, of wondering if it was the right thing for them, of whether they could do this. He blinked once, twice, swallowed heavily. "Katniss, did you just-" She nodded, effectively cutting off whatever else he'd been thinking of saying. "Yeah. Yeah I did." His hand tightened against her shoulder, his fingers digging into her flesh. "You're...you're pregnant?" When she lifted her head, her eyes were wide and terrified, but carried a hint of hope. "Yeah I am. We're having a baby, Peeta." His life changed in an instant. 7. It was cold outside, a perfect January evening with a gently falling snow cocooning them inside their house with the fire going, his new family ready to settle in for the night and snuggle under a blanket. Family . It was still a word that stunned him, knowing that he had a family of his own. He didn't just have Katniss anymore, though she'd always been more than enough for him. But now he had Holly, too. She was resting on his thighs, her eyes scrunched shut, her little hands clenched into fists as she stretched. Her fingernails were no bigger than a spot, her lips were a little pink rosebud, her hair soft and dark across her scalp. Holly Mellark was everything to him. He glanced up in time to see Katniss step into the room, a small smile on her face and a foil-covered plate in her hands. She crossed to where they were seated on the rug in front of the fire, dropping down beside them and folding her legs in front of her. "Dessert?" He asked with a smile. "Not quite, " she murmured, and slowly removed the foil lid. His heart stopped. It was a slice of bread, thickly cut and overflowing with nuts and fruits - a hearty loaf full of nutrients and fibre. A loaf designed to keep a stomach full for longer. A loaf like the one he burned in the fire. "Where did you get this?" he breathed. "I got it from the bakery," she admitted, her cheeks flushing. "I asked Delly to buy it for me this morning." He blinked. "Why? Why didn't you just come and buy it yourself?" Katniss looked away. "I didn't want you to know." "Why not?" His heart was telling him only one thing, but he was terrified he was overthinking it. "Well…I thought it would be nice to bring it full circle. You gave me this bread, and it saved me, and whether we knew it at the time or not, it led us here. To a point where I can say...I'm going to give this to you, so we can toast it. Together." She said it in a rush, as though the quicker she said it, the easier it would be. She took a deep breath, let it out again slowly, and this time when she spoke, her voice was even and calm. "And I'm not saying or suggesting this just because of Holly, but because I want to." Her hand reached out, brushed across the arm of their sleeping daughter as she lifted her eyes to his. "Because it feels right. Because I love you." His heart was fit to burst. He took the plate from her, placed it on the floor beside them and cupped her cheeks in his palms, careful not to jostle Holly. "You were my temptation for so long, what I wanted but could never have. Everything should have prevented us from being together, yet nothing did," he murmured, and his thumb brushed at a tear that had begun to slowly track down her cheek at his words. "Not my mother, not our social class, not a hunger games, not even President Snow warping my mind until you were the enemy. I want to do this too, because it feels right. Because I love you. Because I feel like I've waited my whole life for this moment." He kissed her then, hard and enthusiastic, and with every ounce of emotion he had filling him. A second was all it took for them to make things official, in the traditional District Twelve way.