most of the kids avoided the other kids, and the Gamemakers had to launch a lot of mutts at the stupid tributes to at least kill them. Even with the mutts it was boring. For Johanna, it felt like the kids weren't in too much pain. Only two of them made a kill, and they died by mutts shortly after. The kids weren't suffering the consequences of killing another human being. They don't know how it feels to know you took away someone else's life. They have no idea, and this Games weren't a big enough punishment. And she hated it. So, instead of watching the Games, she decided to drink. Because drinking made everything better, made the world look less complex, made the people look less stupid. Alcohol erased the brain of coherent thoughts, and that was just what Johanna needed. So she took one of the strongest drinks in the bar close to the building they were staying at and sat down in the kitchen. No one was there. They were either sleeping or watching the Games. Most of them were sleeping though. It was four o'clock in the morning. There wasn't much to watch anyway. So it kinda surprised her when she heard someone entering to the kitchen. Volts, of course. She saw him way too much in those last few days. Stupid Volts. "The boy from Three died," He said simply and grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge. "Good," Johanna replied, drinking her bottle of alcohol. "What is that?" Beetee asked, gesturing at the bottle in Johanna's hands. "Whisky." "Oh." "Ever tasted it?" Beetee shook his head. Johanna, feeling generous because of the alcohol, handed him the bottle. He looked at it for a few seconds before shaking his head. "Wimp," Johanna said flatly and drank some more of the Whisky. "Why would people want to drink this thing?" Beetee sounded interested. Johanna shrugged her shoulders. "Alcohol makes everything better. Makes everyone happier." "I prefer to be unhappy and in control of myself than happy and without any control of my mind and actions." "Well, then you're an idiot." A silence followed that line. "My family didn't die," Beetee said suddenly. Johanna frowned. "Yay for you." "No, I mean, Snow didn't kill them," Beetee said quickly. "They abandoned me. Left me behind." Johanna, as much as she didn't want to, was curious. "Why?" "They were ashamed of me. My Dad… well, he taught me everything I know about electricity. And when he saw me using it to kill other kids… he was ashamed. He and my Mom. She couldn't look at me for months. One day they just left. I haven't seen them since then. I'm pretty sure they're dead." He said it all in a very flat tone, which bothered Johanna. "Do you miss them?" Not that she cared. She was Johanna Mason, the uncaring bitch. Why would she care about Volts? Beetee just shrugged his shoulders. "Sometimes. We were never that close. But sometimes I think about what would've happened if there were no Games, if we lived in a better place." Johanna took another sip of her drink. "And?" Beetee looked right into her eyes, which unnerved her a bit. "And… nothing. I don't know what to think. A happy future was never an option. Thinking of a happy future is being delusional." Johanna raised an eyebrow and then handed him the whisky again. "Sure you don't want a sip?" Beetee actually smiled a little, but shook his head again. He then walked to the door, saying a soft, "Goodnight," to Johanna, who looked at him as he went. Johanna bit her lower lip and took another sip of her drink, which tasted awful but made her feel more relaxed, made her thoughts less complicated, but also made her crave for attention and some comfort. And that's how she found herself standing outside of Beetee's room a few hours later. After knocking a few times, Beetee opened the door. It was obvious he just came out of bed. His graying hair was disheveled, he didn't wear his huge glasses, and he looked sleepy. Alcohol taking over her, Johanna closed the distance between her and Beetee and pressed her lips to his. It was probably the shock that made him open his mouth, but Johanna took advantage of it and stuck her tongue into his mouth, needing to feel close to someone, needing to feel someone next to her, because mostly she felt like she was alone. She was mostly alone. It took Beetee a few seconds to realize what was happening, but when he did, he kissed her back. He kissed her less urgently, but just as hungry for the touch as she was. Johanna immediately took his shirt off, closed the door behind them and helped him unclasped her bra, then led him to his bed, happy with the feeling of intimacy. ~oOo~ Beetee was the only person in her life that stayed there for her, that never left her. And she tried to make him go. She tested him over and over again, taunted him, laughed at him, mocked him, and just waited for him to break, to run away from her like everyone else. He never did. Maybe he needed her as much as she needed him – not that she would ever admit that she needed him – maybe he felt the need to stay with her because they were both alone, facing a cruel world by themselves. Who knows. The important thing was that he stayed. He never walked away from her, and he understood her. And that was more than Johanna ever hoped for. Yep. So, my first Johanna/Beetee story. When I imagine Beetee, I think of Gary Oldman, not the guy that they cast as Beetee in the movie... first casting that I didn't like. Oh well. Hope you liked it, I enjoyed writing it, leave a review and... have a lovely day :)