my house, and switches the engine off. "Katniss, I-" he starts, then trails off. "Yeah?" He reaches up, rubs the back of his neck nervously. "If...If I was to ask you out on a date, no strings or gift cards attached, would you allow it?" The words come out in a rush, as though he's worried about them not getting out fast enough. I look at him, confused. "Why would you want to do that?" I ask, and he chuckles lightly. "Because I like you. And I'd like to go out on a date with you." "But I'm the school slut," I retort flippantly, to try and forget the butterflies that have suddenly taken flight in my belly. "I beg to differ," he replies, then smiles. It's slow, and charming, and everything about it makes me warm inside. "So...would you?" "Maybe," I tell him, then open the door, slide out. I close the door, then lean in through the open window. "Why are you being so nice to me?" "Because you're nice to others, Katniss. You might close yourself off from people, but what you did for Callum was because you were being nice." He turns the keys over in the ignition, and it purrs to life. "Plus I like you, I already told you that. I always have." "Always?" I echo, straightening up in surprise. "Since we were five," he affirms. He grins again, then pulls away from the curb. I stare after the taillights until they fade into the distance. Monday morning, I'm shocked to see Callum walking through the school halls, a smile on his face, and his hand tucked into Cinna Thatcher's, a fellow senior. Both have smiles on their faces. My jaw practically hits the floor. "Easy there, Katniss." I hear Peeta's voice in my ear, and I turn to him in shock. "What the hell?" I ask, and he grins. "I had a chat to Callum over the weekend. Seems that he liked Cinna, and I knew Cinna liked him...so they both just needed to get their shit together. Sometimes happiness is worth more than the jibes from dickheads like Cato." "You just...had a chat to him," I say dumbly, and he nods. "Yep!" "And now...people know he's gay. Wow. You really do have a way with words." He shrugs. "Well, it's pretty obvious he and Cinna have something between them," he replies, and leans against the lockers behind us. "Oh, and I may have an idea on how to fix your...other problem." "Oh really?" I raise an eyebrow, and he nods. "Yep. It involves you, me and a webcast." My jaw drops again for the second time in a matter of minutes. "You have got to be kidding me," I retort, and his face pales. "Ah, shit, no. No! No, I don't mean anything like that. I just...I just mean that if I tell everyone about a webcast they should watch, they probably will. You know what rumours are like. They start little, and spread like wildfire. I bet we could get people to watch if we...hint at something they'd be interested in. And then, instead, it can be you, telling them all the truth." I bite down on my lower lip, fold my arms across my chest. "Something they'd be interested in, huh?" He nods. "And then I tell my story. Tell the truth." "Yep." "And then I go on a date with you." "Only if you want to. No strings. I just...want to be around you." The warmth in my belly starts up again, and I find I don't want to say no. I want to say yes. To all of it. "Yes," I reply. "Let's do it." The rumour spreads that Peeta is going to make an announcement about the music act he's organised to play at Prom on the Prom Facebook page later that night. Peeta's older brother is in the music business, so soon, names are being thrown about. Neon Trees, One Republic, Daft Punk, Lorde. My co-students are stupid. We set up the webcam in his basement. I feel weird being here, hanging out with him when we've never 'hung out' before. But it's for a reason. Two reasons, actually. Only one of them makes me blush. We sit in front of his laptop, my stomach a mess of nerves and my palms sweating. Without hesitating, Peeta reaches for my hand, threads his fingers through mine. I like it. I like it a lot. It hits 8pm, the light on the camera goes green, and when the video goes live, it's me they see, not him. Except for his hand clutching mine on the desktop. 20 minutes later, it's over. My phone, which had been silent for weeks - save for Gale - suddenly pings, message after message. I find out Madge has a crush on Gale, and was heartbroken; she admits she was stupid dumb about it all. Callum says he's sorry. Gale asks me "who's fucking hand is that, Catnip?" , like the protective faux brother he should be. I wonder vaguely how he knew to watch, but then I figure it isn't important. I shut the laptop down, turn to Peeta with a sigh of relief. "It's done," I say quietly. "It's done," he agrees. I look down at our joined hands. "I...thank you. You didn't have to help me," I tell him. "Yeah I did," Peeta replies. He tips my chin up with a finger from his free hand. "It's what I do. I look out for you." "Then I guess I need to return the favour." He shrugs. "There's no need for that," he says simply. "Just dinner and conversation." I shake my head. "No, Peeta. You helped me when you didn't need to - multiple times. It's only fair. You look out for me, I look out for you. Deal?" He grins. "Deal." A week later, after dinner, I kiss him. It's pretty much everything I wanted for my first kiss.