but there's a big one that I need to fix. More than any of the others I've already fixed, or the ones I still haven't. One big one." Neither of us says anything for a moment, and when he finally speaks, his question is soft. "And what mistake is that, Katniss?" I lift my gaze, but he's not giving anything away. Hell, send this man to Vegas and set him up at a poker table. "You," I blurt, and feel my cheeks flush. Here it is, there's no going back now. "Leaving you was the biggest mistake I ever made. Saying no to you was the biggest mistake I ever made. I've known it all along, that it was a mistake and I should never have made it, but I just couldn't admit it and…" I trail off, knowing that I'm rambling, half conscious that my words are all running onto each other. "I wish I'd never left, wish that I hadn't left things the way I did, and I hate that I can't change that. But I want to try and change that now. I want...I want you to think about giving me another chance. Us another chance. I still love you, Peeta, I always have, and I want to be with you. I promise not to hurt you ever again. I promise I'll never leave you again." He licks his lips for a moment, his eyes blinking behind his glasses. "You can't make promises you can't keep, Katniss," he sighs, and the heart that had been so hopeful a minute ago is smashed. "Okay," I falter, and I take a step back. "I, I understand, I do. And th-that's okay. It was a lot to ask of you, I kn-know that. I hope we can still-" "I'm not saying no, Katniss," he interrupts, and takes a step forward to bridge the gap I'd opened. He just stares at me, and it's almost as though I can see the wheels turning over in his head, formulating what to say next. "But you can't promise not to hurt me again. You likely will, much like I could do the same to you. But it won't be intentional. It's probably more...you might hurt my feelings when you tell me I sound like a dying cat when I sing in the shower. Or I might hurt your foot when I undoubtedly step on it at the wedding on Saturday." His words are like the biggest freaking ray of sunshine I've ever seen in my life, and I almost can't believe it. I don't deserve this, not in a million lifetimes. Not after what I did to him. But maybe we've come far enough that we can start again. "I didn't think that I'd ever want you back in my life, not like this. But I do. These last few months, getting to know each other again - I never imagined it, never anticipated it. It made me realise that my life has always been better for you being in it." He pauses, eyes searing into mine. "I just need to know that you really mean this, that you're serious about it." "I do," I blurt. "I am, and that's why I don't want you to rush a decision, or try and be nice about it if you want to tell me to-" "It's okay, Katniss," he murmurs, taking another step closer. "I already know my decision. You do too." I do , I really do, but I need to hear him say it. "Are you...are you saying what I think you're saying?" I stutter out. "What is it you think I'm saying?" The corner of his mouth turns up, his eyebrow mimicking the movement. "I think you're saying that you're willing to give us another chance," I whisper. "I think you're right," he leans into me, wrapping one arm around my waist. "I love you, Katniss. And I promise I'll never ask you a question you don't want to be asked. Just us as we are will be more than enough." I shake my head, reaching my hand up and brushing my fingertips along the three day growth shading his jaw. "You don't need to make that promise, Peeta," I tell him, and his eyes widen slightly. "So if...if one day I did want to ask you something…" "I'd allow it," I murmur, and pull him in for a kiss. I won't make the same mistake twice. A/N: When Jessa first announced this final round of PiP, I was torn. While I'd closed out my fanfic writing days, PiP was what had encouraged me to join tumblr, what had helped me to meet so many people and to make some incredible friendships that I still hold dear. And when I really thought about it, not participating felt odd; I knew I'd regret it if I didn't! I tried to revisit a few items I'd started and never finished, but I'm in a completely different place to what I was a year or two ago, and none seemed to work. Instead, this idea was born from the simplest of inspirations, and (as most things during PiP did for me!) it got a hell of a lot bigger than what I was expecting it to be. I wasn't entirely sure I'd get it finished in time, but miraculously, somehow, I did. Writing this ended up giving me a distraction from real life at the time I needed it the most. The title for this is borrowed from Vance Joy's 'We All Die Trying To Get It Right'. His entire 'Dream Your Life Away' album was my playlist as I wrote this. Thank you to jennagill and whoswhatsitwhich for reading over this behemoth at the last minute. And Starla, this is for you. It's only fitting that my final fanfic is dedicated to the person who got me into this glorious mess in the first place ;) You can find me on tumblr under sponsormusings.