prefer Gale's company, so he just continued to hold her limp hand while watching her sleep. Soon after dozing off, Katniss appeared at ease, her hair in a blissful, disheveled state from the snow and her brows no longer creased with worry. The lash mark on her face still stuck out prominently to Peeta, but it was no longer so angry or ominous. The new skin came in a lighter, more tender tone than the rest of her tanned face. This blemish did nothing to diminish her beauty, and Peeta could only that this was the Katniss who haunted his dreams tonight. "Peeta," Mrs. Everdeen whispered from the doorway. She said it with some mix of pity and a light admonishment. Pity for his pathetic puppy love after watching her daughter come home happy after secretive jaunts with Gale out in the woods. Admonishment for taking advantage of her daughter's affection while in a drug-induced sleep. "I'm sorry," he whispered. "She asked me to stay until she fell asleep." Mrs. Everdeen just stood in the doorway nodding, unsure what else to do. The obvious response would be "she's asleep, so you can go now," but instead she said, "The syrup should help her stay asleep tonight. I don't give it to her on other nights because I … I don't want that to be the only way she can sleep." She glanced at him again. "You can stay as long as you want. And if you ever need anything …" "Thank you, Mrs. Everdeen," he said softly. It only hit him then how awkward his romantic advances on her daughter must have seemed during the Games, especially since he told the whole nation that his father had been in love with Mrs. Everdeen. What did she think when she looked at Peeta? Did she see his father in his youth, too shy to act on his crush? Did she think he was pathetic? Did she like him well enough? Mrs. Everdeen had always been perfectly cordial to him, but she'd never treated him like he could possibly be her son, and he didn't think it was all part of her "Katniss is too young to marry" act. Another shadow stretched across the room from the doorway. Peeta expected Mrs. Everdeen to reprimand him this time, but instead Prim walked into the room and sat down beside him. "Do you have nightmares, too?" she whispered, even though Katniss couldn't be pulled out of her sleep by their normal speaking voices. "Yes," Peeta admitted. "I don't wake up screaming like Katniss, though. I wake up silently, overcome with fear, or sadness, or anger." "I try to comfort Katniss," Prim says, staring at her sister's peaceful, limp body. "I don't think I help that much, though." "No," Peeta said, shaking his head. "It's just hard to calm Katniss down afterwards. But I'm sure seeing you when she wakes up reassures her." "How do you know?" Prim asked. It wasn't accusatory, like he could never know what Katniss wanted more than Prim did. She said it sadly, like she needed to be reassured she did something—anything—useful for her sister. "Katniss entered the Hunger Games to keep you safe, Prim," he said, also leaving out any accusations. "And she did keep you safe. Seeing you after a nightmare would remind her of that." She nodded a bit to this and remained silent. Had he made it sound like everything that haunted Katniss was Prim's fault? It hadn't been what he meant, but he couldn't think of how to say it without making it sound like it really had all been her fault. After a moment of silence, Prim said, "But you live alone. So what do you do when you have nightmares?" Peeta shook his head. "I just try to convince myself it's not real. I look out the window and see your house across the way and I remind myself that Katniss is there." Again Prim nodded, and before the conversation could get into any more of a terrible territory, he said, "And I really should be going home." They walked down the stairs together. The cat meowed at their presence. "Goodbye, Buttercup," Peeta said, giving the cat a quick scratch. "I'll see you tomorrow." Slipping on his shoes with his prosthetic leg still made him feel self-conscious. It was always obvious he was missing a limb—one of his pants legs looked much less filled out than the other—but when putting on shoes, he actually had to look at the leg, had to reveal it to others. Prim didn't say anything, but he knew she was watching. He opened the door and stepped outside before turning around to tell Prim goodbye. But before he could say his handful of words, she whispered, "She wants to protect you, too. To keep you safe. Because she loves you." First Peeta frowned at this, trying to decide whether he should laugh or cry. He did neither; he settled for a smile and a gentle joke. "Yes, but we all know who she loves the most." Not Gale. Not him. Not her mother. Prim. It had always been Prim. In the pale blue light from the reflection of the moon off the snow, Peeta watched Prim's face flush a dull red. He assured her he'd visit tomorrow and trekked back to his house. Knowing what nightmares awaited him in his bed, he went back to his painting from earlier. He stared at it a bit before getting a new canvas and starting a happier painting, one where Katniss held his hand to her face, smiling and covering the scar on her cheek. Hope you liked it. I always wanted to know more about how Peeta and Prim interacted with one another. I have many other such curiosities that I hope to turn into one-shots. Also have ideas for continuations and AUs. So many ideas, so little time! Anyway, please review! Be honest! I strive to get better. -Spirit0