she was saying stupid shit like this! "No," he bit out, and his eyes flared. "We broke up." "Well if you acted like this with her, I can see why she dumped you!" "She didn't dump me, I dumped her! Because I want to be with someone else!" "Then good luck to them, because they're gonna need it," she snapped, and whirled on her foot, stalked away. Here was the guy she'd not been able to get her mind off for months, and now he was doing nothing but breaking her heart and being an asshole at the same time. She stormed off the dance floor, and straight out the door. Darius didn't even enter her mind. The knock on her door came at midnight, and she knew immediately who it was. Stomping from her bedroom and down the hall, Katniss peered through the peephole. Peeta stood there, his hands shoved in his pockets and his hair a sweaty, dishevelled mess. "Go away," she snapped through the door. "I don't want to talk to you right now." "You have to," Peeta pleaded. "I need to say I'm sorry. You…you didn't deserve that." "No shit. You come to complain to me about us not speaking for months, and the first thing you do is yell at me?" "I know, I know, I didn't handle it well! Katniss, can we please talk? I hate fighting with you." She dropped her head so that her forehead hit the wood of the door. "Peeta…no. I can't speak to you right now." "Why not?" "Because I just can't, ok? I can't do this." She heard him sigh through the door. "We've never not been able to talk to each other." "I know. But things are different." "Different how?" "They just are, Peeta. Now, please, just…go home." "I can't. I won't. Not now. I've waited too long to tell you, and now that I'm here, I have to do it. Even if it's through a closed door." "Do what?" She closed her eyes, pressed her palms against the door. She heard him clear his throat. "It's you, Katniss. You're the one I broke up with Bristel for. I…I've liked you for so long, and these last few months have been killing me. Bristel is great, and she's nice, but…somewhere along the way I realised I was with her only because she bore a resemblance to you. And that's not fair on her. Or me. Or you." Her heart hitched in her chest at his words. This wasn't even real life. Surely she was in one of those shitty Nicholas Sparks movies that Madge loved. "Katniss? Are you there?" "I'm…I'm here." "Did you hear what I said?" "Yeah." She lifted a hand to her head, tried to get it to stop spinning. "I don't understand, though. Where has this come from?" "It's not come from anywhere," he whispered, and she strained to hear him. "I've always felt this way." "Always?" "From the moment I bumped into you in the common room. It was like a lightning bolt. I like video games, Katniss, but I wouldn't stay up til 3am playing Mario Kart for just anyone." Her jaw dropped, even though he couldn't see it. "But that was 5 years ago, Peeta. We've…hell, we've pretended to date in those 5 years!" "I know. But even back then you were just so firm on not having relationships, and I guess...I guess I just figured I had to settle for being your friend, and helping you in whatever way I could. And maybe I'll still have to, but I at least needed to tell you." She felt stupid, having this kind of conversation through the door. Reaching for the latch, she slid it across, opened the door to find him resting against the frame, his eyes closed. He opened them almost immediately – they were tired, and full of emotions she wasn't sure she understood. She was quiet as she looked at him, as she tried to process everything - what he was telling her, the look in his eyes, the knowledge that he'd felt something for five years and she'd never once had an idea that he felt that way. "Why now?" she finally asked dumbly. "Because not speaking to you for the last month or so has been the worst time of my life, and I didn't even know why we weren't talking. Because tonight, when I saw you with that Darius guy, I realised that I didn't want to have to help you deflect guys anymore. I just wanted it to be me." She opened her mouth to reply, but Peeta barrelled on regardless. "And it's ok if you don't feel the same, that's fine. But I just needed-" "Shut up, Peeta," she said firmly, and his head jerked back in surprise. But she didn't let it stop her, and took a deep breath. "I stopped talking to you because I couldn't handle seeing you with Bristel. I couldn't deal with you being with someone who wasn't…me." His eyes widened in shock. "What?" "You heard me," she muttered. "I might not have liked you for as long as you've liked me, but I do. And these last few months have been the worst while I had to think of you with someone else." She saw the way it spread across his face - the smile started at his lips, slid across his cheeks, lit up his eyes. "Really? I mean...really?" Katniss nodded, rested her back against the door. "Yeah, really." "I don't believe it." He shook his head, rubbed the back of his neck nervously. "This is just…I don't believe it." "Believe it. But I think we're going to have to talk about this, because, seriously, Peeta? 5 fucking years ? What were you waiting-" He cut her off when he enthusiastically pressed his lips to hers, his arms sliding around her waist just like she'd dreamed of. And damn, it put the neck kiss to shame.