she was sure that both Ms Trinket and Haymitch were aware she stole some time out there. She took it as a sign that they were happy enough with her performance to allow her this short time alone. She sat on the grass, simply listening to the sounds of the forest come alive around her. She ran her hands across the heads of dandelions that had sprung up in the grass, and smiled to herself, remembering the field near her home that Primrose loved to play in. It, too, was covered in dandelions. Katniss heard the distinct sound of footsteps begin to intrude on her peacefulness, and looked up to see Peeta walking towards her. She sighed. She really didn't feel like speaking to him after their altercation the day before, knowing she would probably sound like a bumbling fool if she spoke to him again. From a young age, she had never been able to express herself particularly well in social situations. She could read and write, as her mother had been adamant she learn from a young age, as she herself had. She had been taught the proper ways to interact – what to say and how to say it – in the company of others when she was on duty. How to politely converse if and when required. But general conversation, or when she was caught off guard? Words tended to betray her, and she often found herself floundering. So she had been flabbergasted that she had been able to speak to Peeta so concisely yesterday. She was sure that if she had not heard his conversation with Haymitch, she would never have had the nerve to speak to him so forcefully in the first place. She felt awkward when she was around him, and could only blame her inappropriate interaction on that. However, she knew it would seem rude if she stood up and walked away, now that she'd seen him. He stopped in front of her and lowered himself to the ground, hitching his trousers and crossing his legs in front of him. "Miss Everdeen," he greeted. "Master Peeta," she replied. He shook his head. "Please, call me Peeta." "I'm sorry, Sir, I can't do that. It isn't proper." He sighed. "Do you really think I care about what's proper or not?" he asked. "I'm not sure. I don't really know you." "Well, why don't you get to know me?" "I'm not sure that's very proper either." "Are you always this obstinate?" "Are you always this persistent?" "Yes." "Well so am I." She looked at him defiantly, waiting for him to respond. The laugh rolled out of him, and he rested his elbows on his knees, tucking his chin into his hands. "What's so funny?" she demanded. "You, Miss Everdeen, are a surprise a minute. No wonder I want to spend time with you." She shook her head and looked away. His words – and his gaze – left her feeling flustered. He sighed. "You still don't believe me, do you? That I could simply be interested in getting to know you better. That I might be interested in you." "Mast- Peeta," she corrected herself, barely able to contain the eye roll that wanted to accompany it, "It does not matter what I think. Society may be backwards and continue to fall on old traditions that set our social standings, but it means nothing to me. You could be as poor as dirt for all I cared, and it would not make a difference." There were those words again! How confused she was as to where they came from, how well-spoken they made her sound. She could only assume her awkwardness brought out a side of her she had never knew existed. "I didn't realise you were such an advocate for equality, Miss Everdeen," Peeta grinned. "Not everyone has such positive ideals as yourself." "Well, most from the upper class wouldn't, as they are far too happy with what they have. It is the have-nots who struggle with how our society works. I do not see you complaining of your station." "Oh, but I do." He looked at her intently. "Every morning I wake up cursing the fact that because of my place in society, I can't be with the woman who intrigues me more than any other I've met." His words pulled her up short as his meaning sunk in. He was actually talking about her. "Along with the fact that her obvious prejudice towards me is due to this." "I beg to differ," she retorted. "While, yes, that is certainly part of the reason why your comments and suggestions are inappropriate, I simply have no interest in marriage and the like. So your advances are unnecessary and for nought." She pulled herself to her feet, prepared to storm off on him, when he sprang up beside her, and clasped his hand over her arm. She glared down at it. "I would ask you to remove your hand, Sir," she demanded through gritted teeth. "Gladly," he replied, dropping her arm, and promptly framing her face with both hands, pressing his lips to hers. Her cries of outrage were mumbles against his mouth, the thumps of her hands against his chest not making a difference. He simply wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her to him. And it felt glorious. Her hands gripped the front of his jacket, while her mouth fought angrily with his. It felt wrong on so many levels, but felt right on so many more. He made her feel a great many things she never thought she would. He pulled away, resting his forehead on hers, his eyes closed, his breathing heavy and laboured. "I'd say I'm sorry, Miss Everdeen, but I'm clearly not," he finally whispered, opening his eyes. She looked at him carefully, and saw the honest truth in them. "Neither am I," she said quietly, surprising both of them with her words. It was only the beginning.