to bother me about it. I just told him it was a simple nightmare. That's when the acting started. Just acting like I never had the nightmares, and that I had the dreams of any other normal person. Apparently, it worked, too. Because he never had a suspicion since then. "I dunno... I mean, it is something freaky that nobody likes... But, I guess you're right. Whatever." Nick laughs, grabbing his bagel from the toaster and chowing down on it. He walks over as I lift the glass to my lips, and pulls it from my hands, taking a swallow and giving it back to me. I laugh, rolling my eyes and taking my desired sip. Just then, Nick's mother walks in. She smiles at us, stretching and yawning. "Morning, boys." She says cheerfully. "Hey, mom." Nick says dryly. "Good morning." I smile to her. "Well, good morning cheery eyes." She laughs, patting my shoulder. I chuckle, then drink the rest of my milk. Standing up, I give Nick's mother a quick hug, then let out a sigh. "I think I'm going to go get ready, now." I say, walking from the room as Nick and his mother start to talk. I go back into my room, then walk to my dresser, wondering what I'll wear. First, I walk to the big window, and draw the shades. Natural light fills the room, and I smile. Well, everything is good... Until... Until I see a bug. I scream at the top of my lungs, and grab the alarm clock on my nightstand. The bug crawls up the wall, and it looks like a spider. I take the clock and bash it into the wall over and over, missing the bug each time. "Die!" I yell, finally crushing the bug. Chills run down my spine, and I shake my head. I hate bugs so much... Ick. I look at the bug guts on my clock, frowning. Even grosser. I slide open the window, then toss the clock out, and close the window again. It's pretty cold outside, and I don't want more bugs in my room... Nasty... Anyway, after that soap opera, I returned back to my dresser. Slowly, I run my fingers across the wood, then grab the knob on the middle and pull the drawer open. My Reaping outfit lies there perfectly. I had ironed it the day before, and I was prepared. First, I slide on a white undershirt, and tug on my black button down shirt. I button it up, then pull out my white blazer. I'd been waiting to test this out... I pull it on, then straighten it out and smile at my reflection. Then, I put on my brown pants, and my white sneakers. I look pretty decent, not to blow my own horn. I spike up the front of my hair, leaving the rest to stay loose, and then I'm on my way. I pick up my bangle on the way, sliding it over my wrist. Nick gave it to me when we were younger. On the front, it's engraved. "Loyalty and Brotherhood". I just wondered if he knew I wanted to be more than friends... But, whatever. I try not to think about it. I walk down the hall, shutting the door to my room, and going down to the front door. I look out to the kitchen, and Nick has gone to his room. Only Nick's father and his mother stand against the counter. They look up at me, and I wave. "I'm going, now. I'm a bit late... I was wondering if you could send Nick down once he comes back?" I say quietly. "Sure thing, son." Nick's father nods, smiling at me. "Thank you!" I laugh, running out the door and down to the Square. When I reach the edge of the Square, people are already rushing to get in. I file into the line, moving with the other potentials at a painstakingly slow pace. Then, I'm in the front after what seems like ages. I hold out my finger, watching cautiously as the Peacekeeper draws my blood, then sticks it on the paper. I'm ushered off, and I walk down the isle of the Square. I find my place in line, then watch as the girl Tribute volunteers. No surprise there. Then, Nick runs over and stands in line next to me, nodding up to the stage. I smile, giving him a weak hug. He grins, then looks up to the stage again. I knew that Nick wanted to volunteer for years, but I never knew when he would really do it... I felt like something bad was about to happen... And I didn't want Nick taken from me. "Nicholas Princeton!" I hear the words echo over the microphone, and I swallow hard. Nick laughs, then dives into the isle, fistpumping and cheering. I can't take it... I don't want to lose Nick... He's my brother... And, I also love him. I charge through the boys, pushing and shoving just as Nick climbs the stairs. I raise my hand, then yell out. "I volunteer! I volunteer! I volunteer for Tribute!" I yell. Nick turns around, a look of anger covering his face. I know this is a new thing to him... He always gets what he wants... I run down the isle, and Nick storms down the stairs. Everything is silent... He glares at me, and I look down at my feet. He just shakes his head, then walks off with fists clenched at his sides. I walk up the stairs slowly, looking at the tall girl that stands inches above me. She must be at least 6 feet tall. She grins down at me, and I hold out my hand. She grabs it, clenches it tight, and shakes it slowly and menacingly. With a wink, she turns and leads both the District Representative and I to the Justice Building... Where I'll finally have time to explain to Nick...