with orange hair speaks first. "Hi! I am Flavius! We are going to prep you for Cinna, the main stylist!" Another, with purple hair, speaks, "Hello! I am Venia!" the last one chirps in, "And I am Octavia!" "Flavius speaks again, "Well, Primrose-," I interrupt in habit, "Please call me Prim," Flavius nods, and carries on. "Prim, we are going to prep you for Cinna. Would you please strip, and lay on the table?" I feel my cheeks heat up, but nod. I strip, and lay down. They waste no time prepping me. They do my hair, nails, and wax me. They get rid of all unwanted body hair. When they peel the wax off, I can't help but shedding a few tears. Luckily, they have some gel that makes the burn go down. In only an hour, they are done. They leave to go tell Cinna. I pull on a robe, waiting for his appearance. The door opens to reveal a surprisingly young looking man. He has chocolate skin with black hair. He wears on a long sleeve black shirt and some denim jeans. He only has golden eyeliner. "Hello, Primrose. My stylists have informed me to call you so. I'm Cinna. Could you please remove your robe?" My eyes widen, and I take a mini step back. Cinna chuckles. "You don't need to be afraid. I just want to see what my options are, fashion wise." I untie the robe, and put it on the chair. "Please turn slowly." I turn. Cinna seems to try to make it quick, and harmless. "You can put your robe on now." I quickly wrap myself in the warmth of the robe. Cinna leads us to a dining room, where there is chicken with gravy covering it. Cinna and I sit, and begin to eat. I find the courage to speak, "D-do you know w-what Peeta and I will be w-wearing?" Cinna wipes his mouth. "Well, yes. Portia, my partner and your tribute's stylist, have been going through some ideas, and found something perfect. After lunch, we have to do your hair, make-up, etcetera. Then, we will clothe you." When we finish, I am led back to the same room. Flavius, Venia, and Octavia are there. They do my hair, but leave it down. They put it in ringlets, and put some black flowers in my hair. When they are done with putting my make up on, Cinna orders me to close my eyes. I feel a silk fabric overcome me. I open my eyes, to see I have a black dress on. It has laces on it, along with the sleeves. The sleeves reach to my forearm. The front of the dress stops at my knee, but the back goes down all the way to the floor. They put me in black heels, making me look taller. When I see myself, I gasp. "Oh, Cinna! This dress is lovely! Thank you oh so very much!" I look at myself in the mirror. I absolutely love it. I look like a dark angel, but also innocent. Cinna then completes the look with a black halo around my head. "Are you afraid of fire?" I look at Cinna confused. But then I see him hold a piece of fabric, until he lights it on fire. I gasp. "How aren't you burning?" Cinna looks amused, and smirks. "It's a secret. When you go out on the chariot, you and Peeta will light on fire, do you understand me?" I nod. I give him a humongous hug, but then I hear Octavia gasp. "You are ruining the make up!" I role my eyes. "Come on Prim." Cinna leads me out of the room, and see Peeta. Instead of a dress, he has a full body suit. He smiles, and walks my way. "Wow, Prim. You look gorgeous!" I reply with a thank you, and then turn my gaze to a smiling Effie. "Oh, Prim, darling! You look absolutely fantastic!" Haymitch nods my way, and goes back to his drink. I push that to the back of my head. I look at the other tributes to see District 1, dressed in pink feathers and fur. Their District is 'Luxury,' so I guess that makes sense. The girl tribute has long blonde hair, and looks around sixteen. I can already tell she has sponsors lining up. And who wouldn't? She is beautiful. She has all of the right curves, in all of the right places. I can tell she is definitely a favorite. I move my gaze to District 2. They are 'masonry,' and they're dressed as gladiators. I look at the girl tribute; she has black hair, and freckles, but looks like she could kill in an instant. I look over to the boy tribute. He is a dirty blonde, with sparkling blue eyes. He seems intense, and I can already tell that he has bulging muscles. I feel myself blush, but turn away. Come on Prim, he is a Career. Honestly. GET WITH IT! "Come on, Prim." Cinna gently grabs my hand, and puts me on the chariot along with Peeta. I hear the Anthem, and see the large doors open. Cinna quickly puts our clothing on fire, and then we start moving. I hear Cinna call "Good-Luck!" Once we enter the doors, my ears are filled with loud screams and shouts, screaming Peeta and my name! I look over to Peeta, and see him on fire. He looks like a dark and mysterious demon. I smile, and discreetly look on my right, see myself. My halo is on fire, along with the black flowers Cinna put in my hair. Wow. I might have a chance at getting at least one sponsor. I then hear a booming voice. "Primrose Everdeen, Panem's very own Angel!" Panem's very own dead Angel. A/N: Hoped ya liked it! Anywayzers… If you are done reading, you should definitely read 'My Rose' by UnseenWonders! It's really a wonderful Prato fanfics story!