surprise, her knife sliding back, an inch from cutting the inside of her hand. Katniss slammed the blade down, before pulling some of the entrails out to throw in the cat's direction. The organ landed a foot from the animal before he was above it, inhaling quickly. "There you go you stupid waste of space! I should fatten you up so when I cook you there'll be some sufficient meat!" Katniss picked her knife back up as she made the last small cuts, before the carcass was ready to be hollowed out. The sudden sound of footsteps behind her caught her attention, her posture righting. Katniss grip tightened on the knife, the tread was heavier than her mother's or sister's, and she had grown accustomed to recognizing the sound that Gale's made. Fear settled in her stomach, occasionally one of miners would celebrate their leisure during the weekends too much, and problems would ensue. Katniss took a deep breath when the footsteps neared her, before she whirled around, jumping to her feet, the knife prone and ready to jut out. She couldn't hide the shock on her face, or her wide eyes, when the boy from before came into view. He held his hands up, causing the hem of his shirt to rise revealing an inch of olive colored skin,"Whoa!" Katniss kept the knife extended out in his direction; she could see his eyes widen as he took her in. She could only imagine how she looked with animal blood staining her clothes, her hair mussed from the heat and exhaustion of the day. She couldn't stop the familiar blush that seemed to be present anytime he's seen or thought of lately, and it's then that she took in his appearance; his features are more striking up close. His jaw line extended up to a high bone structure that only enhanced the startling blue eyes staring back at her, as dirty blonde hair hung around his cheek bones. However the deep cut below his eyes was hard to avoid as was the bruise that marred his olive skin, the tone was lighter than most that come from the Seam, and it spurned her curiosity of where exactly he was from. Her posture had relaxed, and she followed his eyes to her hand, she felt embarrassed for putting on such a display, but it seemed he already had a way of making her feel foolish without really trying. Katniss lowered the knife before tossing it next to the skinless rabbit. His voice came out lower than she would have expected, and it ignited the blush that had settled at her chest, "I'm sorry, I shouldn't have startled you," he reached up moving his hand through his hair nervously, it caught Katniss by surprise how enthralled she was by the simple action, "I'm Peeta." Katniss ignored the way her pulse quickened for a few seconds before slowing back down, "I know who you are," she shook her head, rubbing her filthy hands on the sides of her slacks, "Well, I didn't know your name, but it seems the district can't speak of anything else. You seem to already be quite popular." He lowered his eyes, the side of his mouth lifting but the smile didn't reach his eyes, "Popular isn't what I would call it," he looked back up catching her gaze once more, "So, it looks like I'm at a disadvantage since you seem to know me, but I don't know you." Katniss tried to advert her gaze, but she couldn't bring herself to pull away from his eyes,"Katniss." Peeta's small smile faltered; something close to disappointment appears in his eyes,"So you're Gale's Katniss?" Katniss narrowed her eyes,"No, I'm not. There's no possession before my name. I'm just Katniss." Peeta nodded and the smile from before formed at his lips, "I'll have to remember that, just Katniss," Peeta ran his hands through his hair again, as sweat collected at the back of his neck, "You know next time you want to watch me when I'm half naked all you have to do is ask. I really have no problem with you watching me. There's no need for you to hide beside the house." Katniss let out an aggravated sigh before speaking,"I wasn't watching you, and maybe you should remember that bathing should be done inside, not where everyone can see." Peeta shook his head,"I wasn't bathing, and I don't think it's inappropriate to cool down," his eyes moved over her body, and it wasn't until then that she realized how thin her tank top really is, the perspiration from before making her skin underneath visible, this sent her skin to new heights of warmth," but I'm sorry if I offended you." Katniss watched as he turned on his heel to walk back down the dirt path, before speaking over his shoulder,"I'll see you around." She rolled her eyes,"Of course you will, the Hawthornes only live a few houses down the path." Peeta stopped to turn around, his light colored hair falling into his eyes,"Well then I guess I'll be seeing you sooner than I thought." Katniss nodded," Tonight actually." Peeta stood there watching her before what Katniss could describe as a blush reaching his cheeks," I can't wait." There was something in his voice that took her a back, and the way that he looked at her made her breath catch. Katniss followed his form as he walked backwards, their eyes locked before he turned around. She felt a sense of loss when the view of him was obstructed by the side of the house, and this only further irritated her. Katniss hated not being in control and it only seemed that the longer she was around this one particular young man, everything seemed to be anything but predictable. A/N: I should have an update posted in a week or so. I'm also writing another Everlark fic, so keep an eye out for it also. Thank you. And Remember to Review!