ruse. Peeta looks back at her, and when his eyes find those molten silver irises, he gets an idea. "I'm so sorry, Mayor, but I am going to have to turn you down." The crowd lets out a communal sigh of discontent. "However—" He holds his hand up to silence the crowd. "—since you have all been so kind, and so welcoming, I would like to leave you with a gift." Peeta reaches into his bag, pulling out the round, smooth gray rock with silver sparkles the color of Katniss's eyes. When the crowd sees that he holds the stone, a spattering of gasps escape a few villagers, but the majority remain unnaturally silent. "Now of course I must name someone to be the guardian of the stone, someone to keep it safe until I return to claim it." Peeta's stomach rolls as he sees Mayor Undersee rub his hands together in anticipation, his greedy eyes alive with want. "Katniss Everdeen!" Peeta calls out, and for a moment, everyone is confused, even Katniss who stands off to the side, regards him curiously, narrowing her eyes as she looks at him. Peeta smiles at her before beckoning her over with his hands. "Come on," he mouths to her. Reluctantly Katniss moves towards Peeta, while the crowd remains quiet. Peeta places the stone into Katniss's hands as the shocked masses look on. "I name Katniss Everdeen the guardian of the stone. She will keep it safe until I return. The stone will only work at her command, but as long as offerings are made, anyone may partake in the wonder that is soup from a stone." Peeta smirks when he sees the pout on the mayor's face, but the rest of the village shows their support through hoots and hollers. Katniss blushes red with embarrassment but still gives the crowd a show by holding the stone above her head for all to see. Peeta can actually see the smile she tries to bite back when she glances at him, but in her eyes, he sees immense gratitude. He breathes a sigh of relief knowing that Katniss and her family will be able to put food on their table from now on. As the village begins to gather around Katniss, Peeta slips away. It was not his intention to leave without saying goodbye, but now he doesn't trust himself to actually leave if he did. So before someone can talk him into staying, he takes one last longing glance at Katniss, throws his bag over his shoulder and makes his way to the road. Peeta is just about a mile outside of town, the sounds of the party he created softening in the distance when he hears someone call out his name behind him. The voice sends delicious chills up his spine. He sighs before turning around to face a slightly winded Katniss, red in the face from the exertion of running. "Were you just going to leave...without saying goodbye?" She gasps through heavy breaths as she approaches him. Peeta looks down in shame. "I'm sorry. I just thought it would be easier for everyone this way." He waits for her to argue, but instead she just nods, her eyes brimming with understanding. "Will you return?" Her voice is meek and shakes at the last syllable. "I have to return." He steps closer to her. "You have my stone." Katniss snorts. "Peeta, damnit. We both know that stone is a sham. You may have fooled these imbeciles, but don't try that 'I'll be back for my stone' nonsense with me." He can't take the mere foot distance between them anymore, so he moves closer. "I just came here to thank you for saving my family, so if you want to leave and never see me again I'll..." He reaches out, roughly grabbing her face with both hands, his lips smashing into hers, and his mouth slants swallowing the rest of her words. Peeta's thumbs drag against her cheeks, and his tongue traces the seam of her lips. When she willingly opens her mouth, allowing his tongue to glide against hers, they both moan in appreciation. While Peeta's hands continue to cup her face, Katniss's find the blond curls on the top of his head, using them to anchor him to her. They explore each other's mouths in earnest, neither knowing if this will happen again, wanting to treasure this moment always. Peeta decides he has wanted this since that day he heard her sing. They both break away for air, but stay close enough that their lips brush against each other, as they pant. "Peeta." Katniss sighs, and the sound makes his stomach flutter. He rests his forehead against hers, licking his lips so he can remember her taste as his fingers run through her soft chocolate tresses. "Then, what other reason would I have to come back?" And as much as the moment kills him, he pulls away, turning before he changes his mind. He continues down the road. This time Katniss does not try to stop him; she knows he will return. Many months have passed, when a young traveler approaches a very familiar wooden sign that juts out of the ground. The sign reads 'Seam Village' with an arrow pointing to the hamlet just ahead. The traveler smiles. He had expected the letter he had sent to go unanswered, but he needed to let her know how much he missed her, and how much he wanted to see her again. It was a shock when he arrived at the castle, and her reply was there waiting for him. He now holds that letter in his hand, the letter that says she feels that same way... and that she is waiting for him. As he continues to approach the village, he thinks he can smell the scent of cooking soup in the distance. Fin! Let me know what you think... on here or Tumblr (Streetlightlove1) Thanks so much for reading! :)