need anything at all, please let me know, okay?" "We'll be alright." She assures me through the saddest of smiles. I can tell she's grateful for the food I brought but I can tell she's basically all alone and hurting in an unimaginable way. I wish I could do more for her, wish there was a way to make this less terrible, but there isn't. I walk more slowly on the way back to town. I'm not ready to go home and face our guests. Anytime the Capitol sends people to our district, they stay at our house. My goal is usually to avoid them whenever possible and I hadn't thought that through when I skipped my afternoon classes. I'm not certain I would have the energy required to entertain them at the moment. No, right now it's probably better for me to make myself scarce. So when I reach the edge of town I let the path lead me the long way back to my house, walking through the streets of town between the shops. I notice that the bakery is closed today. Poor Mr. Mellark. I hate that they pulled Peeta's name. He's too kind to be in the games. And I know a secret about him that will make this particular games all the more challenging. He is in love with Katniss. He has been for a long time now. He told me that once, in confidence. Not so much because we were such close friends or anything but on a date once it came up. We'd only been on two dates and that was almost a year ago. Arranged by our parents. They'd thought we'd make a nice match. We didn't. Poor Peeta was so worried I'd be insulted that he wasn't interested in dating me. He'd finally told me on that second date that it wasn't fair to me to not tell me that his heart was being saved for another girl. It didn't matter to me. I wasn't offended. Sure Peeta was a nice boy and good looking too, but there just wasn't the sort of attraction there that made me want anything serious with him. In truth, I myself was only accepting his request for dates because I wasn't given a choice. My father had spent the past year and half arranging for me to date certain boys in town. I knew I wouldn't be allowed to decline a request for a date. Being the daughter of the mayor came with obligations, expectations if you will. I was expected to find a suitable partner to spend my life with. A boy who would be a potential successor as mayor of 12 when my father retired. So, needless to say, when Peeta divulged his secret love for Katniss, I felt relieved. I'd promised to keep his secret and I had. I never told a soul. Didn't feel as if it were my secret to tell though there were times when I'd wondered how Katniss would respond if I told her. She'd never shown any romantic interest in anyone. Most people assumed she and Gale Hawthorne were an item. I knew the truth. They weren't and never had been. No, they were more like brother and sister, best friends. But now, now that they would be tribute mates, I wondered if Peeta would tell Katniss how he really felt about her. It would be his last chance to let her know. I imagine he'll try to find a way to protect her if he can though I doubt much will come of it. Like I said, our tributes never win the games. As the road from town ends and I reach the walkway that leads up to my house, I pause and inhale a deep breath. I need to look calm and collected. Pleasant even. Our Capitol guests will be expecting that of me. My father will be expecting that of me. I smooth my hands over the curls of my hair and glance down over my dress. My walk on the coal dust coated paths of the Seam was evident around the hemline of my dress. I'll have to change before anyone sees me. I slip through the yard, making my way to the back entrance of the house. The one that only the servants are supposed to be using. I manage to slip inside unnoticed and up the back staircase to the second floor. In my room, I quickly change out of my dress and into a clean one. I hide the other one in the bottom of my laundry hamper. I can explain and apologize to Gertrude later. She is the housekeeper that did all of our laundry and cleaning. A quiet, widowed woman from the Seam who had come to work for my family the year after I was born. Having been around her my entire life you would think we would be close, that we'd have some sort of bond but we don't. She keeps to herself and her work. And it's probably for the best. My father isn't very fond of having chatty servants. He always wanted a clear line of division between us and the help. I never saw it that way. To me, people are just people. Some are nice, others not so much. What job they hold never mattered to me. No, to me, people are just people. I can't hide out in my room much longer. I'll be expected to be seen mingling amongst the Capitol guests. One deep breath in and I head downstairs. Phony smile pasted on my face in the hopes that no one will notice just how awful I really feel. A/N: Well, after many months away, I find myself once again with the itch to write more Gadge fics. Not even sure if anyone is still out there reading Hunger Games Fics but here goes another attempt at a Gadge love story, hope you enjoy! Next chapter coming very soon!