blood loss increasing rapidly. Barely feeling him tackle her to the ground, her hair now soaked from the rain, clothes now seeping with her own blood, and body numb as he became colder and colder, she also barely felt his weight lift off of her, a canon going off as she saw Thresh's body merely metres away, his eyes staring blankly and empty in her direction. She mostly heard than saw Cato and Hazara's fight, only their feet drifting into her sight every so often, and felt herself slipping away. Her hand digging into the zipped pocket of her jacket, as she had a rather painful, bone cracking punch be delivered onto either one of the men, not knowing who until she heard one of their voices. "Just for the shit you've caused, I'm gonna make her scream," Hazara breathed sadistically, his chest heaving in and out as his green eyes pierced into Cato's blue ones, his form looming over him, "and I'm gonna make sure you hear every single one until I put you down … like a dog." He stood then, from his crouched position, picking up his sword that was strewn on the floor, mixed with blood and dirt, advancing towards Astrid like a predator, until his feet were level with her head, her grey eyes, even now, staring up coldly towards him and without fear. It angered him, and resulted in a hard kick to her ribs, causing her to bite down on her lip hard and drawing blood, all to stop herself from yelling in pain, from giving him the satisfaction. He ignored the threat to leave Cato's exhausted lips, looking to him and scoffing as if he were a pathetic child, his eyes widened for a split second as he felt a small jolt of pain from his leg, looking down to Astrid once more. Her eyes still cold and blank, yet her arm was now raised, hand wrapped around the smallest of syringes, slowly removing it from her grip to reveal that she had pierced it into Hazara's leg. "Nitrotoxin," she whispered, her voice almost being carried with the wind and drowned out from the pouring rain, "a poison so deadly that within contact, can kill you in less than ninety seconds. I only found two of them at the cornucopia, never thought it would come in handy until now." He never replied, for the deadly liquid was already flooding through his veins, destroying his blood cells and shutting off his organs, and her face now hardened, anger once more filling through her as she finally felt the satisfaction she knew she deserved. "I've waited five years for this … and it's better than I imagined." He crumbled to the floor then, his body dropping beside her, sword held in his loose grip, frothing at his mouth until he finally stopped breathing. Astrid let out something between a sigh of relief and a choked sob, because she finally felt as if a weight had been lifted off her shoulders, she finally felt free. "Cato?" Her voice was barely above a whisper now, blood pooled uncontrollably around her, and she heard the shuffling of the boy as he attempted to stand, his ribs broken from the impact of Hazara's attacks, coughing up his own blood as he attempted to reply. "I'm here," he said, dropping to his knees in exhaustion once more beside her, and clumsily lifted her, the top half of her body resting against his chest, and he held onto her tightly as his face hardened, "don't you even think about it, don't you dare leave me here." She could have smiled then, because even now, when the both of them knew that they could not come out of this alive together, that he was so adamant in her remaining alive, and she could only hope that he knew she thought the same for him. His arm moved to under her knees, readying himself to lift her. "I still have some medical supplies left, it's not much but it can keep you going, until we-" "Until we what Cato?" She heard him groan softly in pain, her head lolling against his chest, eyelids feeling heavy, and knowing he would not respond to her question, for the answer was already painfully waved in their faces. His grip tightened on her instinctively, his memories of holding Clove as she died still too raw in his mind, and knowing that this would cause him just as much pain. "I don't want you to die." Her hand reached for his face, palm resting flat against his cheek her blood smearing onto his sun kissed skin, and she whispered so softly, to emphasize just how meaningful her words were. "You gave me peace … in a lifetime of pain." And it was true, for however short of time it was, the fact that she was able to obtain any form of peace would never go unnoticed by her, and she leaned into his touch as he buried his face into her dirty black hair. Remaining with her until the end. Because love is patient, it does not act unbecomingly; it bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, and endures all things. Because love never fails. I don't even know where this came from to be honest, I always thought if I DID write a Cato/OC fic that took place in the arena, that I would have my OC die, and well … we all know what happens to Cato after this … and this little oneshot was to just get that itching to go away … because I'm extremely dedicated to my other Cato fic … but I won't lie I totally loved writing this! I hope you enjoyed it … actually I don't know whether it's that well written in the first place, I sort of rushed it and didn't go into that much depth … but if you read it I thank you!