her life that Gale couldn't even begin to comprehend. The nightmares. The guilt. And now that she had won the Games, she was now expected to mentor two kids from their District and watch them die in the arena. " The Games are never over." This was her life now and judging by how well Gale took to the idea of the Victory Tour, he would never want to understand or would be willing to understand the rest of it. As far as Katniss was concerned, she was just as bad as President Snow. "Yeah you're right, I guess it takes a cave and life threatening wound to do that." Gale snapped. Smack! The sound reverberated through the empty field, bouncing off of the trees and echoing through Katniss' ears. She focused on the stinging in her hand from the slap she delivered to Gale's face instead of the sting of tears in her eyes at his words. "Just because I don't return your feelings, Gale, doesn't give you the right to treat me like dirt." She whispered fiercely, glaring at a remorseful Gale harshly. "Katniss I'm sor—" "I'll see you when I get back, goodbye, Gale." She muttered, turing on her heel and darting for the fence line. She kept her head down as she made her way through town, not wishing to talk to anybody or let them see her this upset over a jealous comment. The only stop she made was to Ripper to grab Haymitch a couple of bottles of liquor before she fled for the Victor's Village where her new home resided. Not bothering to knock, Katniss barged into Haymitch's house, ignoring the heavy scent of booze and mold that met her senses as soon as she walked through the front door. She navigated her way through the piles of trash and dirty dishes that littered the living room. She wasn't surprised when she sound Haymitch passed out on the kitchen table, a bottle of booze in one hand and a knife in the other. Katniss found an empty pitcher and after filling it to the brim with ice cold water, she stood about six feet from his lifeless body and promptly dumped the water on top of his greasy blonde mop he called hair. "Arggghh, what the hell?!" Haymitch shouted, jumping from his position in the chair, waving his knife in the air with one hand and desperately trying to shove his wet hair out of his face with the other. Katniss felt the amusement bubble up in her chest and despite her best efforts, a small laugh escaped her lips. Bloodshot grey eyes landed on hers, "I'm glad I can offer you amusement, Sweetheart," Haymitch muttered, his hand immediately going for the nearest bottle of liquor and frowning when he found it empty. Katniss rolled her eyes, jumping off of the counter she had placed herself on during his drunk shuffle and dropped her peace offering on the table. Haymitch grunted his thanks, raising the bottle in her direction in a mock salute, before taking a giant swig and promptly belched once he swallowed. Katniss didn't even try to keep the disgust from her face as she made her way over to the back door, "The camera's will be here in an hour, take a bath or something." "It's way too early to be dealing with this shit." She heard him mumble and she couldn't help but agree with him. Katniss stared at herself in the mirror and she didn't recognize the girl staring back at her. She had been waxed and combed and groomed and plucked until she was smooth and imperfection free. She had been scolded about the state of her eyebrows and the dark circles underneath her eyes and Katniss had to refrain from snapping at Flavious. Cinna, who must have noticed the state of her discomfort, quickly swept her away to her room so she could change into the outfit she would be wearing to the train station. She was thankful for the simple, yet fashionable outfit Cinna had put her in. A hunter green sweater, light brown pants tucked into knee high dark brown leather boots. If the outfit wasn't worth more than most of her belongings put together, it might be something she'd wear out into the woods for a usual day of hunting. The frilly dresses and heels were no longer apart of her wardrobe and she couldn't be more thankful. At least in this outfit, she felt more like herself. She didn't feel like she was playing a part; the simpering girl who would do anything to save the boy she loved. This time, she was a warrior who survived the games and was mourning the loss of her District partner who died to ensure her survival. "Beautiful." Katniss was drawn out of her thoughts by Cinna, who'd been putting the final touches on her outfit—adjusting the fit of the sweater so it fit a bit more snug on her frame, tucking a stray strand of hair back into place that had escaped the simple half up, half down style Octavia had place it in and touching up any stray lines of make up. Katniss offered him a small smile, "Of course it is, you designed it." "An artist is only as good as his canvas," Cinna replied, squeezing her shoulders briefly. "Are you ready for this?" He asked her, helping her into the dark brown leather jacket—the final touch to her over all ensemble. She gave a genuine smile when she noticed how closely it resembled her dad's hunting jacket. "As I'll ever be." She replied warily. Cinna smiled, "I'm still betting on you, Girl on Fire." Katniss smiled, her first genuine smile since returning home from the Games. I'm glad someone is. A/N: I hope you guys enjoyed it, I hope to have the next chapter up by this time next week, but no promises! Please let me know what you think (: