I am not in a hospital, but a bedroom, a swanky one, but more importantly, an unfamiliar one. When I lift up the dark green comforter, and the soft and thick cotton sheet I squeak out loud. I have nothing on but a black lacy thong that does not belong to me. "Oh my god!" I mumble to myself as I scramble out of the bed. I notice a cup of orange juice and two Advil on the end table, but even though my arid mouth yearns for the sweet refreshing elixir and my pounding head demands the two round brown pills, I don't trust anything right now. Once my feet have hit the floor, my hands ball into fists, ready to lash out at anyone that may try to attack me. I look around in hopes of finding a weapon of some kind. My eyes land on a black shoe lying on its side on the ground. The heel is longer than any I have ever seen and could easily blind an attacker. I rush to pick it up, and once it's in my hand I start to feel a little safer… at least for the moment. I try to locate my clothes, but all I see is what looks like a black-and-white striped dress that had been discarded to the floor by someone…but who? I see framed photos placed on a small table on the other side of the room. I sprint over, hoping that the pictures will reveal my captor. The first one makes my skin crawl. A guy and girl stand in front of a nondescript gray building, a red ribbon is pulled tightly across the entrance. The girl holds a hunting bow in the air and the guy holds a comically large pair of scissors. The guy is Gale Hawthorne. He and I used to be good friends; both of our fathers died in the same workplace accident, and it was a good enough reason to bond over. But ever since I had started dating Peeta, he hasn't given me the time of day, not that I've been around for him either. The girl in the picture, however, is what really makes my blood run cold. The girl is me. The bow in my hand looks kind of like one my father would have used, and Gale and I did used to hunt together a few years back, but I have no recollection of this picture being taken. I move quickly to the next picture, A tall female with long blonde hair wearing a white cap and gown holds a rolled up piece of paper in her hand. She grins happily at the camera, and the expression looks like one I have seen Prim wear a million times. I shiver at the thought. The third frame is the most elaborate. It's silver and has the word 'Always' engraved right above where the picture sits. The black and white photo is of a bride and a groom, but when I look at the couple, my breath catches in my throat. There I stand in a simple wedding dress with a crown of flowers in my free-flowing hair. The groom is leaning in to me, his arm encircling my waist, kissing me on the cheek, all the while looking at the camera out of the corner of his blue eyes. "Peeta." I whimper his name as my fingers touch the glass that covers his face. His blond hair has fallen into his eyes, and he looks so happy, almost as happy as I look in the picture. My smile is so wide as I look into the camera I'm surprised it doesn't take up the entire frame. What's going on here? Have I completely lost it? Did I do drugs? I wrack my brain, trying to come up with an explanation to my apparent hallucination, but I come up empty. I decide I need to explore what is outside the room, but first I need clothes. I spot what looks like a closet and rush over to it, flinging the double doors open in haste, and what I see makes me scream. In front of me sits a vanity with various perfumes, brushes and makeup. Attached to the vanity is a very large mirror, but the reflection in it is not me. I mean, it is me, but different. I look like an older version of myself. My breasts are bigger than I remember and barely fit my still slender body, however my curves are a bit softer. Dark bags hang under my weary eyes, and my face has the remnants of makeup smeared all over it. But what is the most startling is how short my hair is. My hand reaches up to touch the disheveled black do that barely hangs down to my chin. I touch it nervously and find it is thick and sticky with product. I pull my hand away quickly as if I was burnt. My breath is coming rapidly now, and I know I am about to be sick. I quickly reach for a small wastebasket that sits on the floor next to the vanity—which is filled with lipstick-stained tissues—and violently vomit into it. Once I am done, I lift my weary head and wipe my mouth with the back of my hand. I turn to look at myself in the mirror again. "What the fuck!?" I am planning on having this written enough to continue publishing in October/November so I hope you'll be interested in reading it! :). Just a fair warning... This is going to be a rough one! Thank you to 'The Title Whisperer' Court81981 for naming this story, along with taking great care of it and me along the way. Also thanks to Pookieh and HGRomance for helping me through my pre publication jitters! And of course a thank you to Peetaspeenis (Misshoneywell) for running yet another stellar PiP! Visit me on Tumblr: Streelightlove1 Thanks for reading!