his eyes. Once we're in the stairwell, he turns to me and tries to start. "Listen, I'm really sorry for this morn…" "No, wait. I want to apologize to you actually." I interrupt. "Seeing as that we're married, I know it must seem as if I over reacted this morning when you walked in as I was dressing and I'm sorry for the manner in which I handled the situation. I shouldn't have yelled or slammed the door the way that I did." His face relaxes a little but the sadness still lingers in his eyes. "I know this is all overwhelming and I can't imagine how strange it all feels for you right now. I'll try and be more aware of what I'm doing and be more careful. I really am sorry for upsetting you." "I wasn't thinking. I should've dressed in the bathroom. It was partly my own fault. I should be more careful too. I'm just not used to sharing my space I guess." I offer up a smile. He smiles back but it still seems uneasy underneath it all. "Well, how about some lunch?" "I'm starving actually." I confess. And we make our way back into the cafeteria. (Tripp POV) I watch as she and Gale walk into the cafeteria together. They seem very uncomfortable. Stiff almost. This morning when I was showing Madge the way to the Medical Center, she'd seemed like her normal self, minus having a memory anyway. She talked to me just like she has the whole time we've been friends. She told me she was having a hard time settling in and I kinda got the feeling that mostly had to do with Gale. It's got to be hard. Waking up and finding out that you're married to someone. Especially when that someone is Gale Hawthorne and you're the Mayor's daughter. From the miserable look on Gale's face this morning after he arrived late to Orientation, I have a feeling this must be doing a number on him too. Even now, seeing them together, they don't look happy. I have mixed feelings about this. Part of me is terribly sad for Madge. She must be so scared and feel really, really lost right now. But on the other hand, part of me feels a surge of hope over all this. I'm sure it's futile but I can't help but hope that maybe this is my chance. Madge will have to fall in love with Gale all over again and while there's a very real chance that will happen, there's also a chance that it won't. I mean, what if she just doesn't? What if this is the chance I never really got? I feel like an awful person even thinking such things but I just can't help it. I've loved her for so long. What if this is how fate wanted it to be? What if fate always planned it this way? I made the mistake of talking to Marah about it. She's always known how I felt about Madge and she's never been a fan of my being sidelined as just a friend. When she heard that Madge didn't remember being with Gale, she jumped at the chance to try and help me win Madge over. It feels dishonest though. Dishonest to Madge and that's the last thing I'd want. Marah agreed to not act on anything and to stay out of it but I know her well enough to know that she won't do it. Not for long anyway. So now I have this whole dilemma of what I should do. Do I tell Madge about my feelings for her? Remind her that she loves Gale and not me? Or do I use her whole memory loss as my chance to get a different ending for the two of us? Do I tell her how I feel and then let it play out however it may? Or would that just alienate her from even being my friend? I sigh and decide at the very least, Madge could use a friend right now. I grab my tray and head over to where they're sitting and plop myself down next to Madge. I don't let my eyes meet Gale's because I know he'll be shooting me looks. "Hey guys, mind if I join you?" I ask, trying to sound upbeat and easygoing. "Hi Tripp!" Madge greets me. Gale mumbles a hello. "Man, this food is terrible! Talk about bland." I say, making conversation as I push my food around my plate. And it is true, this is the worst food I've ever had. Madge laughs. "It certainly isn't Café worthy, is it?" "No, it certainly isn't. I'd give anything to be able to get in that kitchen and cook myself a decent meal right now." "I'd love to be able to cook! At least you have the ability should you ever get a chance to get in that kitchen." Madge jokes. I glance over at Gale out of the corner of my eye. He's watching Madge and the look on his face just shows how sad he is about her memory loss. I look back at Madge, unsure if I should share with her that she does indeed know how to cook. Before I can speak up though, Gale beats me to the punch. "Well, you're a decent cook yourself you know." Gale says suddenly. I'm surprised because I wasn't expecting him to tell her seeing as how I was the one that taught her. "What? I can't cook! I can barely make a sandwich!" Madge says in confusion. "Nope. Not anymore. You became quite the cook and you did a remarkable job of keeping me fed every night." He tells her with a grin. One of his flirtatious grins. He's marking his turf. Subtly letting me know he's gonna fight for her all over again. It angers me a bit and I think to myself, game on Hawthorne, game on.