looking for their way back home. Whether the note-writer shares a class with her or sneaks in during break to plant his seed, she doesn't look back. … There's no note in her locker, after. Not a piece of paper with ragged ends and curled 'a's sticking underneath her desk, but the one she left for him is gone. Maybe he doesn't want to meet her. She may have fallen right into the middle of a prank—and fuck—Katniss knew it was all about getting into her head, catching a couple of laughs at the expense of the quiet kid who couldn't be bothered to smile at a baby. She doesn't allow herself to believe that someone else could've gotten to the note before the note-writer, because why hasn't he left one, either? … He's silent for four days. Cato stares a lot. … On day five she opens up The Old Man and the Sea in the middle of finishing a book review for English class and a flat paper flutters with butterfly thrusts to the table. The first thing she does is look up and around. She's in a library and how the fuck had he known she'd pick up Hemmingway? She's more of a Mark Twain dork, that is. The only time she gave the supposition of maybe looking into a Hemmingway book instead of her usual taste was during English class—and Jesus fuck that just limited the potential scribes. She goes through the names of her male classmates in her head as she scans the few faces in the library. Her eyes find the window, a flash of blonde catching her eye, but it disappears within the throng of passing students. Katniss blinks, finally picking at the piece of paper and reading the letters. Once, twice—she's adjusting to his implication—thrice. If you had me, I would keep you in bed for days He doesn't give a specific yes or no, just the vague entrance of could you handle me? And; I think not. Oh, she'll show him. … She catches Cato after football practice. The sky's already a purple hue and Katniss needs to hurry if she wants to get home on time and make dinner for Prim (which pretty much means ordering pizza or heating up leftovers, because Katniss can't cook to save her life), but first she needs to know the identity behind the note-writer. It's driving her nuts. Her fingertips dig into his upper arm and he stops immediately to look back with a scowl, like who the hell even dares to touch him , right? He's Cato for Christ sake's ! She rolls her eyes. When he sees it's her, the corners of his mouth lift up into a lecherous smirk and Katniss shudders unpleasantly, trying to maintain the crease between her eyebrows so she doesn't seem out of her comfort zone or worse—scared. ''Hooking up—with me—in my car . Shit. Well, Katniss, color me unsurprised. I'll take you up on that one, yes .'' Her stomach coils uneasily. ''What even? I didn't—'' she frowns at the expanding smirk on his face. Duh , of course. She closes her eyes, takes a deep breath and looks up at him again. She takes another shot, opens her mouth to ask in the most subtle of ways if he may or may not have been putting sexual-arousing-sometimes-tender-little-notes in her locker and underneath her desks, and how the hell did he know green was her favorite color? ''I—'' She sniffs again, and again. She inhales deeply, making Cato's eyebrows twitch in either confusing or repulsion—but whatever. ''You,'' she starts, narrowing her eyes as if he's a pseud and he recoils just for the slightest with a step back. ''You smell like citrus.'' ''Oh—kay?'' He reacts affronted. ''I've been told it's very spicy.'' He wiggles his eyebrows. ''Sweet to the mouth and gets the panties sweating.'' ''Sweet and spicy are not the same thing ,'' she hisses, and then she shakes her head. ''Never mind. I need to go home. Bathe in scalding water.'' ''Want some company?'' She turns swiftly on her heels, a middle finger in the air. … She leaves another note and it's the final one. She won't be following a ghost and she won't allow herself to come apart thinking about one either. He has a choice—catch her or don't. She adds please at the bottom, because for all her spunk, there's something to be said about a boy who writes about her voice as something that could make the birds grow silent and listen. … He doesn't come. He leaves her falling so she ends up gathering all his written words and throwing it into her trashcan. … Whatever. … She's listening to The Killers , a pen in hand while trying to make sense of her Chemistry homework. There was a mnemonic Madge had thought her to remember the periodic table, a little song she tries to sing underneath her breath, but gets jumbled up with All These Things I've Done . She finds herself singing the song instead, rolls her eyes at her own incapacity. At the second chorus the doorbell rings and Katniss has half a mind to scream Prim's name to get that, until she remembers that Prim is sleeping over at her friend's Rue's house. So, she gets up reluctantly and moves slowly towards the door, tugging on the sleeping short that have ridden high. She opens the door with a vexing remark behind her tongue (it is eight pm. after all) and stops short at the sight of eyes that remind her, the sky's no longer morning blue. There's a blush covering the boy's cheeks and his sun kissed hair is unruly and wild after dancing in the autumn wind. He looks down at her; at her feet, traveling up her knees and across her thighs and this time she's blushing. ''I really love your legs,'' Peeta Mellark tells her. … … … … … End