honored to have such a thoughtful son." "Thoughtful? Is that Districts Seven's way of saying stupid?" Pahl frowned. "All right, you've made your point." "Well, I'm not done pointing it out how insane it all is." "If you want me to leave, just say so. I'll find a different hiding spot." Flicking strands of grass into the light breeze, Gage crossed her arms and gazed across the river. Pahl, red faced, fell silent with eyes directed towards the treetops. Listening together to the river, neither tribute got up to leave. The sun gradually centered overhead, and the radiant warmth caused each tribute to shed their jacket. The afternoon winds increased, causing the leaves to rustle louder and the branches to sway more. Unbeknownst to the other, each tribute secretly basked in the other's unthreatening companionship, for they were both mentally and physically exhausted from simply surviving. "Sorry." Gage briefly turned to look at Pahl. "I've been lashing out ever since..." "That's okay. The games take their toll on everyone." Pahl passed one of two remaining nuts to Gage. She rolled it in her hands. "Thanks again." "These are the last. We can go gather more nuts at sunset. The tree is in a middle of a field, which is too dangerous to visit during the day. That is, if you want to come with me?" "Sure. I'll go with you." She bit into the nut. "We can dig up some roots. They taste even worse than the nuts, but they provide additional nutrition. They've kept me relatively well for the past couple weeks." "Okay." Gage began inspecting the nut in her hand. Pahl studied Gage's slow movements. "Did I say something that has upset you?" "No. I'm just remembering my reaping day when I said goodbye to everyone, three long weeks ago. It feels like an eternity." "What did your parents say to you?" Pahl bit into his last nut. "They weren't there." Gage turned her face away. Pahl stopped chewing. "Are they alive?" "They are, but my dad is away working on one of the northern train lines, performing summer maintenance. My mother came to see me off, but she wasn't really there." Shifting his body against the log, Pahl struggled to understand. "I'm sorry. I don't—" "My mom's a morphling addict." Pahl slowly sat back. "Oh." "Do you know what my mom asked me during our private session before they took me away? She asked if I had any money stashed away, as if I would have any money. She was more concerned about her next fix than losing her youngest daughter." Unsure of what to say, the male tribute began to fidget. "Sorry." "It is what it is. At least, my older brother and sister came to say goodbye." Pahl took a long sip of water. "Did they let you call your father on a government phone or something?" "Not possible." A faint smile almost slipped past her frown. "Since so many parents are away on reaping day performing summer maintenance on the railroad in the far-reaching districts, our district created a special day in early spring that we call Resolution Day. On this day, parents and reaping eligible children spend the entire day together, pretending that it is their last day together. My mom was high as usual, but my younger brother and I had a wonderful day with our father." "That sounds wonderful." Pahl began to relax. "What does everyone normally do?" "The day is spent doing fun activities, but at night after a nice dinner, we pretend to say our goodbyes. We sometimes confess to mistakes, tell each other that we love them, and resolve any differences we may have with others in the family." "Are parents gone a lot in District Six?" "In the summer, yes. During the other seasons, families spend a lot more time together with railroad maintenance closer to home. I was fortunate that my father performed overhauls to the train engines and railcars in the off-season. He was home a lot in the winter" "Resolution Day sounds nice. Perhaps every district should participate." Pahl surveyed their surroundings again, listening to the sounds coming from the trees before focusing again on his guest. "Did you get to say anything to your mom on reaping day?" "No, I was too furious at the time. But I've had a couple weeks to think about it and would like to say something now since I know the cameras are watching us." Pahl pulled up his legs tight as he glanced over his shoulders a second time. "Are you sure? Let sleeping dogs lie and all that." Gage smiled. "I just want to say that I forgive my mother." Surprised, Pahl turned to face her. "Really?" "Yes, I'm a bit p.o.'d about her being high, but the morphling is what turned her into a zombie. And if someday, she manages to sober up and watch this, I want her to know that I forgive her. I hope that she can find natural happiness once again." "Do people ever break their morphling addiction?" "Very few. Most die from starvation since they cannot afford food and morphling. If by miracle she does come clean, I want her to know that I don't hate her." Gage lifted her face to the sunlight and slowly exhaled. "See. I knew that you had a good heart." Gage smiled, glancing at him from the corner of her eye. "Bull. You are only saying that because I didn't kill you." "Well if I could choose a winner of this year's games, I hope it's you." "Did I ever say that you're an idiot?" "Yes. You've made that quite clear." Pahl matched her in smile. "Come, let's gather roots. By the time we're done gathering them, it will be dark enough to cross the field to collect nuts." "Okay." "And if we leave now, I'll have enough light to show you something special." "What?" Pahl helped Gage to her feet. "You'll see."