the rail car. I turned to board when my father's arm stopped me. "Remember; contact no one in the Capitol. We don't want the press to find you. And Lavinia, I need to ask you to add one more thing to your promise." "What, Father?" "I need you to promise to never give up. No matter how hard the road ahead becomes, never give up; never stop trying. Can you do this for me?" The instinctive sense of fear began to take hold of me, filling me with doubt. I glanced at my mother to see her continued glum stare. Looking up into my father's eyes, I knew that whatever was happening, it had upset him to the point where I could now see the affects. I swallowed hard. "I promise, Father. I will never give up." "Good." He kissed me on my forehead and released his grip on my arm. Hearing the whistle indicting immediate departure of the train, I passed my pack up to my waiting brother. As soon as I was on board, I felt the train begin to move. I turned back to wave before shutting the door. Hadrian stood before a closed window and waved to our parents as we watched our father take hold of mother's hand. Staring out the window, I began to feel sick to my stomach since less than an hour ago I was asleep in my warm bed. Riding a train out of the Capitol was the last thing in this world that I wanted right now. As the train pulled away from the platform, I watched my parents drift away when my mother ripped her hand free from Father's grip, spinning away in tears. When he tried to console her, Mother shoved him back. "Mother!" Dread filled my body and I dropped my pack to open the train car door. My brother's arms grabbed me, pulling me away from the door. "You can't open the door now." "Something is wrong! They didn't tell us everything." "Lavinia, calm down. They will come find us when they're ready." My brother's strong hold pinned me against the bulkhead of corridor. "Let me go! I want off the train!" "No! Father said that you might overreact and told me to be ready. I'm not letting go until you promise to calm down." Squirming did nothing to loosen his grip, and I was forced to submit. "Fine. But I'm done promising anything." Hadrian continued to hold me tight until the train entered the tunnel. At which point, he knew that I had no choice but to remain on the train. He released me. "You always overreact." "Shut up. Did you see Mother?" "I saw her. She probably just hates getting up this early like the rest of us." My brother picked up his gear and progressed down the corridor to find an empty second-class compartment. Retrieving my pack, I darted forward to catch up. "No, Hadrian. It's more than that. Father has never spoken to us in that way before." Hadrian stopped in the corridor and spun around towards me with his index finger extended over his lips, silencing me with a hush. Remembering my promise of secrecy, I bit my lip and followed him until he found an empty compartment. Taking my pack from me, Hadrian stowed it on the overhead shelf. "Sorry, Sis. We have to be discrete." I slid the door to our compartment closed. "I know. I'm just worried about our parents." "They're fine." Hadrian removed his jacket and sat down. Tossing my jacket onto the bench, I sat down across from my brother. "Well...at the next stop, I'm going back." "You can't. You promised." "I know, but this is bigger than my promise. I can feel it." Hadrian lent forward onto his knees. "Do you remember that camping trip when we made our promises to Father?" "Ya, I remember." Crossing my arms, I slid down against my bench. "I remember the promise, and the cold, and the unrelenting mosquitoes." "Father has only asked for one thing in our life. You know how lucky we are to have such lenient parents. He told us that he wouldn't ask us to partake in this journey unless it was absolutely necessary. Think hard about breaking your promise before we reach our first stop. I intend on honoring my word." Hadrian lent back. "Besides, this is kind of exciting in an adventurist way." When my brother pulled out the old paper money to study, I began staring out the window, remembering when our father sat us down around the campfire and made the request that put us on this train on this late August morning. I had originally thought his request to be a lead-in to one of his nightly ghost stories that he enjoyed tormenting us with before bed, but there were no ghost stories that night. Father had begun by mentioning that his job as the President's economic advisor had became stressful, followed by proclaiming how everything changes in the universe, that someday things would change for the better for all of Panem. This was when he told Hadrian and me that we would someday need to remove ourselves from the Capitol to allow him to focus on his work. If he knew that we were far away, he thought that he would be free to make the changes necessary to set everything right. From the way he spoke, the austere honesty was what sent chills through me that fateful night. Reflecting back, it occurred to me that the serious tone with which he spoke to us this morning was that same honest expression that came out on that camping trip. The door to our compartment flew open with a large crash, startling me upright on the bench. I looked up to see two large Peacekeepers in the corridor, staring at us with smug grins. The larger of the two men waved a finger towards me. "We've been looking for you."