accomplishments, and some tings maybe you aren't so proud of. Above all, and before all else, you are human. Just like Rue, and Primrose. And so, since you are human Katniss. I just want to ask you one last question, that not even I had the bravery to ask, during the Q, and A sessions. And that is why. Katniss, why did you let these games begin, once again? Much love and Happy reading, Kallista Bailey Hollis The female tribute, from the 8th day of reaping. Prologue: Part Two Point Of View: Brogan Weeks: Final Thoughts Before The Countdown Some days, I don't even know why anymore. I don't bother to stop, and think, because I can't. I don't bother to stop, and breathe, because I wouldn't be able to take a single breath. No matter how hard I tried to do so. And, I only know that because, every day, that I live from this day onward. Every day, is going to be overflowing with more, and more regrets. I don't like regrets. Regret is one of the things that just make people weary. Regret sits like heavy stone, upon your conscious. Weighing it down, until you finf it hard to just "be". You have to make things right- you know you have too. But, the only problem is that you don't know how exactly TO make things right. You get trapped in this ever-going cycle, of what can I do, or not do to fix this problem. Until it suddenly just take sover your mind, and your entire conscoious being, and you begin walking around like this-this weird sort of sad zombie! And, I don't want to live my life, as a walking, breathing zombie. My blue eyes scan the horizon, and, I know that this is it. This is one of the last things, that I might ever see. And, for the first time in a long time, I can at last acknowledge how sad, I really am. I am sad, pathetic, terrified, and scared. Just so, so very frightened, and scared. One of the last things I will ever see, are the other tributes, standing on the platforms around me. The voice on the clock is female, and it's a voice I've heard far too many times before. This year, it is Katniss Everdeen- the mockingkay herself, administering the countdown. Numbers flash high above me in the sky- or is it really, even the sky? The arena is just a big blurb of force field, in the middle of who-knows-where. The gamemakers control the sky, the gamemakers control the weather. They control everything in the arena. But can they control me? The thought first comes as a silent, premotion, just a little whispering in the back of my mind. Just a spark of a thought, and a touch of rebellion. Yes, I have been controlled, and forced into these games, that I somehow must now play. But, the gamemakers can control the arena, and to some extent, the citizens of Panem, for without their feedback, the games wouldn't continue to be so "entertaining". But, what about me? Me, Brogan Vance Weeks. Part of me, wants to call myself uncontrollable. An uncontrolled animal set free. Out of it's cage, it cannot be tamed. But, am I really that free? Do I really have the right to call myself free, when I sit here on- what might as well be called my "Gravestone". Just waiting for the games to begin? If I'm so uncontrollable, then how could I have let the gamemakers force me into this arena. To receive penance for the sin, that my ancestors committed. Maybe it's just my paranoia, and fear. But it seems to me like the count down is ticking off faster now. And, I began to feel more aware, that these next few days, could very well be, the last few days of my life. The last few days of my life, because I do not want to kill anyone. The countdown numbers begin to lower. Katniss calls out clearly: "Five." This is it. It is time to make the choice. Kill, or be killed? "...Four..." Can I really kill someone? Watch the life leave their eyes, as they look at me, wondering why I must do this? Why did I have to pick them, to kill, maim, and murder. "...Three..." And what about their families back home? Could I deal with the fact, that I know somewhere, a family is grieving for the life of a child they lost? "...Two..." Make up your mind. Make up your mind. Do I stick with my morals, or do I choose to survive? If I'm going to die...why should I bring anyone else down with me? I have to be brave. Now's the time. "...One..." I don't want to kill anyone...I really don't... "Ladies, and Gentlemen. The 102nd Hunger Games have begun." And so, the bloodbath begins. Oh hey, the Author's talking again: Well guys...what do you think? I know, everything seems kind of vague right now. The "actual" story starts next chapter, this was just the Prologue. I promise that things will get a lot clearer in the next chapter. I was going to wait to publish this, until I had the next chapter done, so that it wouldn't seem so weird, and maybe make a tad bit more sense. But, I'm still working on the other chapter, so I just put this up anyway. xD Anyway, the next chapter will be up, real soon! And I promise things will make a lot more sense soon. Anyway, that's all I can think of at the moment...thanks for much for reading. And, I know you've read this on every fanfiction, you've probably read. But, it'd be totally epic, if you left me a review! Oh, and I swear I don't normally write such massive author notes, and I try not to let my chapters get this long...but, oops. Anyway, thanks so much for reading!