will be representing our school! May the odds be ever in your favor!" Ms. Trinket said enthusiastically, while the majority of the students groaned. "We shall begin with District 1 and, as always, ladies first! Do we have any volunteers?" "I volunteer!" Glimmer announced, standing up from her spot in the District 1 section. Immediately her group started cheering as she looked around to make sure no one else volunteered. When no one did, Ms. Trinket smiled. "Well, Glimmer Landsdown, don't be shy! Come on up!" Glimmer walked up the steps of the stage and stood on the District 1 pedestal just behind the reaping bowl with a large smile on her face. "Alright, now for our District 1 male!" "I volunteer!" To no one's surprise it was Marvel who volunteered this time. He didn't wait for Ms. Trinket to call him. Instead he just walked up onto the stage and stood on the pedestal next to his girlfriend, waving to the cheering District 1 and 2 crowds, a charming smile on his face. "Ten bucks says Glimmer doesn't even know what the outdoors looks like, and that Marvel won't be able to start a fire," Gale spoke up, getting a laugh from both of his companions. "It's not a bet when you know it's true," Katniss pointed out. Peeta hit both Gale and Katniss and gestured towards the stage. "Look who volunteered for District 2. Anyone shocked?" It was Cato and Clover standing on the pedestal for District 2. "Clove might actually do well," Katniss spoke up after a moment of thought. "She's small, quick, smart. She'll do well." The rest of the Districts didn't bother volunteering any tributes, so instead Ms. Trinket had to draw names. The tributes that were called from Districts 3, 4, and 6 were people that Katniss and her group didn't really know, but she noticed that Foxface had gotten chosen for District 5 along with Kane. At the mention of Kane's name, Gale smirked and applauded. Anything that put Kane away from River—and into harm's way—was bound to put a smile on the elder Hawthorne's face. As soon as it was time for District 7 to be called, the trio silenced. "The tribute that will be representing the District 7 females is... River Hawthorne!" Katniss and Peeta winced as they slowly turned to look at Gale. His face was devoid of emotion for a full second before his expressions soon morphed into one they knew as him trying to keep himself from exploding. A slight twitch in his leg caused Katniss and Peeta to grab onto the boy before he could jump out of his seat. "You're not a female or in District 7! You can't volunteer, and she can't refuse!" Katniss hissed, trying to get her friend to calm down with minimal success. As soon as Gale saw his sister, an emotionless expression on her face, being escorted up to the stage by the Peace Keepers—the student hall monitors of the school—he started fighting against Peeta and Katniss more, but Peeta was very strong and managed to hold him down with Katniss's help. River ignored the applause that accompanied her journey up the stairs. She ignored the rude remarks the Careers made as she passed them, and she ignored the smiling face of Ms. Trinket. She simply walked towards her pedestal and stood on the female side of it, her head held high and her shoulders squared. She looked towards were she knew her brother was and gave him a smile served to calm Gale down enough to where he was only muttering curses under his breath, no longer needing to be restrained. The rest of District 7, District 8, District 9, and District 10 went off without a hitch. The only other problem there was, was when little Rue was called up for District 11, and Thresh volunteered a second after to be the male tribute. With them done, there was only one District to go: District 12. Ms. Trinket pulled out the name card for the girls and the name that was uttered made Katniss freeze. "Primrose Everdeen!" Prim. Katniss's little sister Prim. The little sister Katniss had taken care of ever since her father died and her mother became unstable. Prim was so tiny, so young, so vulnerable. She didn't get much to eat, and truthfully no one in Katniss or Gale's families did. Prim wouldn't be able to get much food out there, and she needed to eat. No doubt the other competitors would look to her as a target. And unlike Rue, Prim didn't have someone as large and strong as Thresh to look after her. Katniss couldn't let Prim get hurt. She couldn't. "I volunteer!" Katniss looked around and noticed she was standing in the middle of the aisle, with Gale trying to hold her back and that the voice that had just shouted was indeed hers. Prim turned around to look at her sister in shock, and even Gale was looking at Katniss in surprise. Shaking free of Gale, she stood up straight and sucked in a deep breath. "I volunteer as tribute!" She said again. Immediately the room burst into applause and Katniss, escorted by Peace Keepers, made her way up to the stage and walked up. She spared a glance towards River, who gave her a small smile and a nod, before she walked over to her pedestal. She stood alone, trying to figure out what the hell she had just gotten herself into when she heard a name she didn't expect. "Peeta Mellark!" God had a sense of humor, she was sure of it. There was a quite audible 'you've got to be fucking kidding!' which she was sure was courtesy of Gale, as Peeta stood up, surprise written on his face as he walked up towards the stage and to stand on the pedestal by Katniss. "Panem High, I'd like you to give a warm round of applause for your tributes!"