injured here!" He waits for a response but soon the silence again fills the room. He holds onto the side of his face, his eyes roaming over where Katniss had been sleeping. It irritated him that she had been using his space to rest, normally he wouldn't have complained if a girl had been in his bed but something about this one got under his skin. And besides he hates the fact that someone who's a hundred pounds dripping wet could hit harder than he could that only infuriates him further. She kicks off the spare blanket that had been positioned at the foot of the bed, as she attempts to settle. The air is thicker in this room than it had been in the previous one, she assumes that the window hasn't been opened in here in quite awhile. An anxious energy runs through her limbs and she shifts her body, irritated. She had been comfortable where she was before having to come into an unfamiliar room, it only infuriated her that she had been pushed out because he was too much of an idiot to actually arrive when he said he would. She could already tell that he had the tendency to be impulsive and unpredictable and it just seemed to bother her. Katniss exhaled slowly as she lifted her hand in front of her face using the moon light that filtered into the room to inspect the damage. She flexed her fingers which still felt a bit stiff but she could already feel the tension ebb, and even in the low light she could see that there weren't any bruises forming but the knuckles had swelled, the skin there irritated. She couldn't help the satisfied smile that formed at her lips, she wasn't normally a violent person, in fact she went out of her way to avoid any conflict usually. Her tendency to retreat with in herself, mentally and emotionally, was an instinct that she and her councilor had been trying to correct for years now. And there were times when Katniss felt confident enough to overcome her own fears, but when the occasion arose to act, she would shut down. But something about this boy, that she had known as a little girl caused her to react entirely opposite than she would have had if he had been anyone else. After she recognized him as the boy she had known, it didn't take her long to compare the young man in front of her to child she had been close to. Katniss could already see that he was different, she had remembered him quiet and reserved sitting underneath the tree that was rooted between their houses, allowing them access to each others other's window. It had been the way she had made it into the room that night. He would sketch in a notebook, his head down as he held his tongue between his teeth as he attempted to etch a line just so. He had only been eleven then, but she had marveled at the way he could capture life, he had a light inside of him. But the young man she had seen earlier no longer had that spark, he seemed to be drowning, just as she was. Katniss rolled onto her side, hoping that the new position would help her finally fall back to sleep. She lifted up enough so that she could pull her hair from underneath her, gathering the strands and moving them above her head. She could feel her body relax but as soon as her breathing began to level out the image of him, the boy, Peeta she remembered his name being, flooded into her mind once again. She groaned in irritation at her ability to pick the utmost worst times to let her mind wander, and usually the things she thought about were incredibly inappropriate, a side effect, her counselor told her was from censoring herself so much. Katniss hadn't missed the way his shoulders had flexed when he had held onto his face after she had struck him, or the way his toned abs held the smallest amount of body hair. She couldn't deny that he had become even more attractive than he was when they were younger, even then she had noticed the way his golden curls made his deep blue eyes shine. Katniss shifts moving her right leg against her left causing friction and it's then that a warm tingle builds at her thighs traveling up to settle beneath her cotton boy shorts. She abruptly stills, she can feel a flush heat her cheeks and she's thankful for the solitude. Her body stays still until she trails the tips of her fingers up her thigh to rest at the waist band of her panties. She can feel her fingers twitch, her inhibitions free, but at the last second she sighs loudly falling onto her back. Katniss' muscles tense and she curses at herself for being so ridiculous to think of someone who she hasn't known for the past six years in such a way. She wills her mind to quiet down, but she can't erase the sight of him half naked out of her mind. Before her hands could roam her body once again, Katniss reaches for the pillow beside her, holding it against her face, screaming all her frustrations into it, hoping it muffles the sound. When she finally feels like she has a hold on her actions, she throws it to the side. Her body has begun to relax once again, allowing her to fall asleep, as she hopes for once she can have a dreamless sleep, one without nightmares of the day her mother died. However to her dismay, and perhaps pleasure, his face is the last thing she thinks of before she drifts off. A/N: I've had this one waiting on my computer waiting to be published for a while. I would love to know what you all think. Please Review.