and lines. They cut all the soft out of me. Cinna saves the best for last. He's fashioned a simple burnished gold chain with an embossed mockingjay medallion and a single charm shaped like loaf of bread. I burst into tearful bout of laughter. He fastens the chain around my neck. "The mockingjay and the baker's boy." He whispers. I finger the delicate chain. The little loaf of bread is both the silliest and the most wonderful thing I have ever seen. "Thank you, Cinna." "Time to feed the monster." He reaches for my hand and drops a kiss against my knuckles. "I believe in you, girl on fire." My mother meets us at the bottom of the stairs. "Gale is waiting for you." She gently touches my face. "You look all grown up." My face flushes. I shrug her off. "Where is Gale?" Her smile is sad. "He's in the living room." "Okay." I gently push past her. Gale is waiting for me. His hat crumbled in his hands, his face smudged with grime from a half a shift's work. "You look beautiful, Catnip." They always say that like it's the most important thing. Like a pretty face is all I have to offer some days. After the Games, Effie watched as Haymitch jammed a needle in my arm so I could sleep. Effie gently touched my hair. 'You really are beautiful Katniss' Effie murmured in consolation. I find my way back to moment at hand. "Thanks." I reply because I've learned that's just what you should do. "You like my new hair?" I turn my head back and forth. "I do." He links his hands with mine. I fucked him. In the aftermath of everything, it was his comfort I sought. I pulled him in with greedy hands desperate for intimacy. For a safe touch. For some sensation to still the ever present buzzing in my head. I didn't want to be touched, yet I wanted to be consumed. He was happy to indulge me. We fucked on the floor of my old abandoned house. He smelled like a hard day's work. His coal stained fingers left marks on my skin. My hand brushes his arm. He's quieter now. Angrier too. The Capitol passed legislature promoting the use of clean energy. Twelve is dying. I think it's my fault. Punishment for the glimmer of rebellion Snow read in my eyes. Gale is simmering. He's the hub of a web of whispers. When the levee breaks, he'll be there, probably holding the axe. I don't know where I'll be. "Me too..." I respond and run my fingers through my new hair once more. The team files past. Effie gestures exaggeratedly to her watch-less wrist. "I've got to get going. You want to walk me down?" He shakes his head. "I just wanted the chance to say goodbye properly." "Two minutes, Katniss." Effie yells as Cinna directs her out the door. "Properly?" I ask. "How properly?" My body thrums in anticipation of his hands and his mouth. I step in closer. "I want to make you feel good. But, we don't have much time." He murmurs into my neck. "Lucky you've got a talented tongue." His hand ventures slowly down my body. His fingers slide between my thighs. "Are you wet for me?" I sigh and rock my hips searching for more friction. "I am for you." He shoves the clutter off the armchair resting against the wall. He maneuvers me into the seat. I kiss him as his hands work at the fasteners on my pants. He bites my lip as he draws away. Roughly, he pulls my pants down around my knees. His hand slips between my thighs. "I want to taste you." "Yeah, yeah." I breathe. His tongue pushes at my folds, hot and wet. I live in a constant state of arousal. At any time, I think I could come or scream. My fingers tangle in his hair. I yank him closer; my only intention is to ride his tongue to completion. I'm cresting. I'm on fire. I can't think. I can only feel. It's clear and it's easy. I cry out. "You're beautiful." He gasps. I struggle to catch my breath and ride the wave of pleasure. He searches for something to clean me up. He snags the box of tissues from the table. "Come here." I tug at his collar. We kiss. I savor the taste of him and me on his tongue. His hair's a disaster. His pupils are blown. I know he's hard, but he's already moving again. He's trying valiantly to paint me back into too tight pants. "Wait. I have to take off this underwear. It's soaked." He smirks, but the ensuing strip show unfolds clinically. It's not awkward. The moment's just gone. I shove the swathe of green lace into his hand. "Here, going away present." He shoves my panties into his pocket. I jam my feet into my shoes. I almost topple over trying to resettle my heel and zip my pants. He catches me by the elbow. "Be safe out there, kid." "Nothing's going to happen to me, Gale." "The Capitol isn't safe. Just be careful." "I will." He kisses me again. Slow and lingering. We trying to have a moment, some kind of fond farewell, but the reality is he tongue fucked me on an antique chair and I don't love him. And he doesn't love me. We're just two bodies grappling for release. It wouldn't have mattered the cause, so long as I came. We lost ourselves in each other and now we're back on solid ground. He goes back into the mines and I disappear into the decadence of Snow's Panem. "I'll see you in a couple weeks." Something dark skates across his face. "Yeah, I'll be here." He heads for the door. I bend to zip up my boot. "Are you going to watch?" I ask over my shoulder, but he's already gone.