slowly hissed open. The smoke poured in from the outside. It was extremely cold. "Here goes," Gremlon said. Gremlon walked out first, uncertain of what to do first. There was another group of natives approaching dressed all in white. "What do we do?" Comlon frantically whispered to Gremlon, clearly panicking. Gremlon didn't say a word. "Now!" Comlon yelled. "Wait," Gremlon shrieked, trying to prevent the fight. Comlon fired onto the men, followed closely by Ibregorg. Their purple rays zapped through the air, mostly slamming harmlessly into the snow, but one hit a man dressed in gray. The men in gray began to run and shout, finding cover and firing back at the Armazoids. "Shit," Gremlon yelled as he dove behind the ships's cargo door. He watched from his position of relative safety as Comlon and Ibregorg, his only two remaining crewmen, fell to the ground, riddled with bullets. He knew he would have to surrender, but the fate of Planet Armazon rested in his hands and on that disk. Gremlon dropped his weapon onto the floor. He stood up slowly, looking at the people as they walked slowly towards him, clutching their weapons. Two of the men placed him in a strong plastic bag. Gremlon felt his body being tightly compressed as he was lifted and placed on a metal table. He struggled to get out but the straps were too tight. He trembled as he wondered where on earth he was going. Volkov Radoslav, the Russian Premier, woke to a banging on his door. His eyes slowly opened to the heavy knocks. His head burned from the warmth of the heaters. He sat up slowly and rubbed his eyes. He got out of the bed and walked across the red carpet toward the front door of his room. He found himself looking at his assistant, Stanislav. "Sorry to wake you, sir, but there has been an incident," Stanislav said quietly. Volkov paused for a long moment before speaking. "Okay. A minute please." He dressed slowly, wondering what on earth had happened for him to be woken up so early in the morning. The sun had started to come up over the horizon of Moscow. Volkov walked out of his bedroom and down to his office. He sat down as three of his military top generals waited to speak to him. He looked at his white coffee cup on his desk as he sat down and noticed the lack of steam. "Okay, bring me up to speed on the situation," Volkov demanded. One of the generals stepped forward. "Sir," he said quietly, "an alien spacecraft has crashed at our Yenisei air base." Volkov didn't say a word. He wondered if he was still asleep and if this was just a dream running through his head. "An alien spacecraft," he repeated. "Yes, sir. Crash-landed a few hours ago. We only just got the message." There was a silence in his office. He looked up at the clock. "Did anyone see what damaged the ship?" he asked. "No, sir," his general said. "It flew in from the north already smoking and crashed at our air force base there. We managed to guide it in." "Did any living thing emerge from the craft?" Volkov asked. "Yes sir," The general replied. "Three of them." "Did they offer any resistance?" Volkov asked. "Yes. Two were shot and we have one at Area 52," the general said. "Has he tried any type of communication with you?" Volkov asked. "No, sir," his general replied, "but we are working at it." "Okay," Volkov said. "I want a media blackout on this. No one is to know—only us." "Understood, sir." Chapter 2 Three months later. If you asked Bradley Harrison to write about himself and what was important to him, this is what he would say: We used to be the typical boys, running around with toy guns, shooting at enemies and, of course, not to forget the aliens. You know what I mean. So we had the practice. Who was to know that one day all that pissing around would have been needed on a normal day like today. My name is Bradley. Bradley Harrison. I'm your average, everyday teenager. Love women and have my mind on one thing only. You guessed it: gun clubs and martial arts. Of course, you know what else I mean. I was born on the 2nd August 19.99. So nearly eighteen. Let me introduce you to some of my friends, and to make things better, the enemies too, who are going to have a different view of me after today. Meet Kevin, my longest running and most loyal friend. I have known him since kindergarten. He has a great brother called Will who has joined the US Army. Then we have Max. Nice guy, the best sniper shooting at the local gun club. He has had more bull's eyes than I have had hot dinners. And of course we leave the best man till last. Meet Eric. Yes, Eric. Mind you, Eric did help us out a lot when the Armazoids were invading, but he isn't the sharpest tool in the toolbox. But we all love him very much. Now to the others. Kate is my childhood sweetheart, and Lisa is Kevin's. To this very day we are trying to get in their pants. I didn't just say that, did I? But haven't had much luck since—well, you get what I mean. Now to the fun people. Ms. Hogan, our form tutor. Has had it in for me ever since I started high school. I don't know it's one of those things, but she has a little side-kick named Colin. If I said boo to a goose he would tell her. So there you have it. However, a normal day trip to the Big Apple is going to change the way they viewed life as they saw it. The Day Trip Stephen Cheshire Twitter: S_W_Cheshire Instagram S_W_Cheshire Facebook Author Stephen W Cheshire