I don't want to get all teary eyed now. I force myself to shut the door behind me, I take a deep breath, and continue to step out into District 34. Everyone else seems to be zombie walking to the reaping, no one really wants to be here at all. I try to remember my parents' words. There's so many other guys that are up for the reaping that I have to not even be a percentage point of the slips in that bowl. That's about when my friends appear out of the corner of my eye. I run over to them, giving each of them a hug. "How's it going, Orem?" Uriah asks me. "Going about as good as a reaping day can go." I respond. "Basically just feeling numb, and glad to see you guys." "Me too!" Julia responds happily. "Always good to be around the guys." She's always in a positive attitude, even on days like the reaping. "How are you always positive?" Austin laughs, reading my mind. "Just how I am, man." Julia punches him on the arm, laughing. I'm glad I've got the friends I have. We continue just having a good time, until we're forced to finally accept we're at the reaping, and sign in. "Name?" The Capitol woman asks me. "Orem Pettily." I respond nervously. I cringe as she pricks my finger, making sure that it's truly me. My face shows up on the device in the woman's hands and the device clicks, which must mean that my blood matches the sample that was given to them at my birth. "You're good, continue." The Capitol woman states. I thank her as I continue with Austin to the 16-year-old boy section, as Uriah and Julia go elsewhere to their sections. The mayor starts his very long speech, showing off our 5 previous victors, all of whom are very happy for such an ominous, terrible occasion. That's when the escort, Jubliana Mentesna, pops out of nowhere, with a face that is literally beaming with joy. Her face along with the entire situation just makes me want to throw up. "Now, let's get to the good stuff!" She screeches. "May the odds be ever in your favor!" I physically cringe at the Capitol mantra, rolling my eyes at all my friends from across the veranda. "First, we will be drawing from the girls, cause ladies first!" She yells into the microphone, finally plucking a name from the bowl after about ten seconds of perusing. "Ami Tzu!" Jubliana shrieks. The girl walks up to the stage, not speaking a word, or showing any emotion. She a little bit younger than me, but looks like she's emotionally prepared for it to happen. "Now for the boy!" She states loudly, basically running to the boys bowl. She starts to go look through the bowl, and I start to feel queasy. This bowl does have my name in it, unlike the other one. I start to panic a little bit, well, a lot, once she pulls the name of the unlucky boy going to be fighting in the Hunger Games. Nobody ever volunteers from 34, so if someone's reaped, they have no choice but to go into the fight to the death. "Orem Pettily!" She shrieks. Wait, no no no no no. This can't be happening to me, I have a little sister and friends to work for, care for, and live for. That's not fair, at all. I have a whole life ahead of me with my family. I know I start to tear up, and I consciously hold back the tears as I force myself to walk up to the podium. My friends and families faces are in utter shock once I get up to the podium. "The tributes from District 34, Ami Tzu and Orem Pettily!" Jubliana shrieks evilly. No no no no no, not now, not ever. I'm basically forced to walk back to the greeting rooms. I'm also pretty glad for it, considering I can't walk at all. I slump into the chair, breaking down bawling, not caring if any Capitol cameras are still rolling. My life is currently falling apart at the seams. That's when my family comes in, mom is crying, and dad is completely stone faced as they look on. After a few seconds, they run over to me and envelop me into a big hug. "We'll see you again." They utter over and over again, my mom is hugging and kissing me, with tears falling all over me. "Orem, you've got a good head on your shoulders. You can do it." My dad smiles at me, fighting through tears. "Thanks, you guys." I respond, hugging my little sister. "I love you all so much." "Me too, big brudder." Ava says smiling. I think she really doesn't understand the situation, but I hug her deeply anyway. We just sit crying in a family huddle when the Peacekeeper comes. "Times over, it's time to go." He says, almost apologetically. My family shouts my name as they are forced to leave, which is immediately followed by my friends. I can't contain myself at that point when they go in for the group hug. "Sorry I'm such a mess." I respond. "You're totally ok, just let it out." Uriah says, patting my back. "You could still make it." "Yeah, just don't let yourself stand out." Julia states. "They won't go for you if you don't anger them." "That's just postponing the inevitable." I cry. "You guys know that." "It'll be alright." Austin says, just as the Peacekeeper steps in, telling me it's time again. As they're forced out, I truly get to think one last time in my home that I love. PAN: Also, I have a tumblr page of all of the faceclaims, training scores, placings, etc. once they are written in the story. So that means the faceclaims for both Orem and Ami are on there! Check it out! www. tumblr blog/ 227thhungergames