and I headed straight for the center. I grabbed A bag, which I slung over my shoulder, a metal staff, and a curved sword. As I reached for a belt with knives for the others, I was pushed down. I spun around to look into the eyes of the District 2 boy. "Die!" He brought a sword down to my chest, which I quickly blocked with the staff. I rolled sideways as he tried crushing my skull, the jumped up, whacking his temple. He stumbled and I kicked him in the gut, grabbing the knives and racing to my friends. I tossed the knives to Lyssan and rushed into the brush, next to Fin. "Damn! The kids from 2...geez…" Fin groaned, showing a scar on his leg from the District 2 girl. "They're teaming." My eyes met with his and we looked around as the others stumbled through. "Silver...I was so scared…" Seilide bit her lip and Lyssan started handing out the knives I gave him. "What do we call them? The two kids?" Lyssan looked around. "The Careers?" Fin looked down at his knife, spinning it around. I nodded and everyone else did, too. I heard something moving. "Let's skedaddle." We ran towards a swamp, where we filled some bottles Fin and I found in our bags. We were only one short. "I'll survive." Fin gave Kitty the last one, then stood up. "We need more food. Only a few crackers and an apple is NOT enough." Lyssan pointed to a bush near a few trees. "There's some berries in that bush that could hold us off." Suddenly, cannons started firing. I took cover under a bush. Lyssan counted to three. "Three dead." I made a face at him. "Didn't you listen? Each cannon represents a death." My eyes widened, and so did everyone else. Seilide sighed and walked over to the bushes, picking the berries and putting them in a small bag that the apple was in. Everyone kept doing that until nighttime hit. The humidity changed to freezing cold, and I heard the Anthem playing. I saw a light in the sky and watched as faces appeared in the sky. The district seven girl's face, and a picture of the 2 boy at the horn, smashing her face into the side and blood splattering everywhere. The district nine boy, tripping over a root in the ground and the 12 girl grabbing his neck and strangling him to death. The twelve girl, moments after her kill. She laughed and stared down at the body as a knife flew into her back and she toppled over the dead boy, dead. The anthem finished and I heard everyone lying down, going to sleep. I decided to keep guard. The amount of kids seemed so small compared to the size of the arena. I lay against the tree with the berries, watching over everyone. During the rebellion we often took shifts after some sort of invasion or something. Midnight. I was playing in the dirt with a stick when I heard a rustling. "Who's that?" I hissed, looking over. "Just me." Fin smiled. I sighed with relief as he popped a berry in his mouth. "Mm...tastes good...kinda sweet." He made a sour face. "The aftertaste… SUCKS! Eww…" I pushed the berry I was about to eat away from me, and Fin started choking. Lyssan sat up. "Wha- Why's Fin choking?!" I shook my head and stared as Fin coughed up the berry, along with some blood. "Fin! FIN!" I grabbed his shoulders and shook him. "What's going on?!" He stared into my eyes blankly and licked his lips a final time. He slumped back, and I heard a cannon go off. Immediately everyone woke up, staring at me. "What happened?!" "Is he...dead…?" "FIN?!" I shook my head in disbelief as I looked into the sky, saw myself and Lyssan panicking as Fin choked to death. I grabbed the berries. "Poison…" I threw them away, happy noone else ate them...But Fin was dead. Nothing could change that. I slowly rose by hands to his face, gingerly shutting his eyes for the final time. We carried his dead body to a mossy rock in the middle of the swamp, and laid him there, as a final resting place. I cried all night. My only friend since the rebellion started. I remembered the 10 year old boy standing next to me, two years younger. " Hey, I'm Fin. This is Silver, from district 1. We're coming to play with you guys." Everything's pretty blurry for the next four days. All I remember was encountering the district 11 kids, and the boy attacking us. I remember smashing him with my staff and taking my curved blade to his neck. In a fit of anger. I remember the girl running away, only to be caught in the back of the head by Lyssan's blade. He really liked throwing knives. Now we were standing at a rickety bridge. "Okay, I'll go first. Then Lyssan, then Seilide, then Kitty. 'Kay?" Everyone nodded as I took a step forward onto the delicate bridge. Then another. I kept my balance. I was halfway across the ravine as I stepped on something, and I heard something shifting. "Guys..?!" Shining silver darts flew out everywhere and I screamed in terror. The connected with my body, into by back, my legs, my arms… The final one collided with my heart. I fell over, and I was dragged back into the grass before the bride. I felt a salty tear drip down my neck. "I'm...dead…" I coughed up little blood, and I felt Kitty's sleeve wiping it away. "...No…" I stared into Kitty's eyes, everything fading into light quickly. "W-win for me...one of you…" The last thing I heard was a cannon blaring, my face and a small video of me getting shot by darts. The perfect way to kill a silver girl. With silver darts. " Hey Fin. I'm here now, don't worry…"