is not the only one left, her lover is still alive and maybe in better shape than what you thought since he still lives! And let's not forget about Red and Thresh. You need to watch out for them Cato!" "But-" "Shut up! I'm the one killing her, clear? I don't need your help! I'm not a little girl anymore Cato, okay? " Clove screamed at him, desperately trying to get her point across. "Alright I get it, no need to fucking scream! " He shouted right back. "Just do whatever you want, see if I care!" He snapped. "Do you?" She inquired, saying the words as quickly as possible. His eyes widened at the question, not expecting this comeback. He looked away from her and gave a small nod. "Cool. So do I." Clove replied, with brutal honesty. "Now I need you to trust me with this Cato." He nodded once again and with an unspoken agreement, they both headed towards the Cornucopia, where the feast was to be held. They ran in silence, listening to the sound of their feet hitting the ground and the fake birds around them chirping. Half a mile before reaching their destination, they stopped. This was where they were supposed to part. Cato would start his rounds in the area and she would get their bag. They turned to face each other and, to Cato's surprise, Clove wrapped her arms around his torso and hugged him. It didn't last very long but he hadn't imagined it. "See you later." And then she left. Just like that. He had never thought the next time he would see her, she would be lying down on the Cornucopia field, a few feet away from him, a monstrous-looking boy towering over her. In fact, now that it was happening, he wished there had been some sort of preparation for this. He was not ready for that. He could not see her die. No fucking way. He ran towards her, his throat tightening as the more he approached, the more blood there seemed to be surrounding her. In the corner of his eye, he could see Eleven getting away, but he didn't care. Not right now. He would take care of him later. Clove needed him. Cato fell on his knees next to her tiny body, eyes scanning her entire person. The dent in her skull is what caught his attention. " Clove. Clove, stay with me. " He watched as she struggled to open her eyes. She muttered his name, her voice barely audible. Shivers ran down his spine. Fear. " Come on, stay with me okay ? We'll win this, we will you just have to hold on, you ca-" " Stop. " " No I won't ! Stay with me, please Clove. Don't give up. " Cato whispered, his voice shaking. His hands shaking as they pushed hair away from her face. A weak smile appeared on her face. " I'm not giving up Cato... I'm letting go. " She coughed a bit of blood as she tried to get the rest of her words out. " But before I do- " Don't. Don't let go. You don't want to, I know you don't, that's not you. You hold on to everything, you're strong, come on... " His grip on her was getting more desperate. He could almost feel the energy leaving her, he could almost touch it like he touched any other tangible things. Instead his fingers were touching her blood, covered in it actually. But she would make it, no matter how much red liquid would be on him. She was strong enough, Cato kept thinking. " Cato... I have to. And you do too... Let go of me. And win. For me. " Cato could feel the tears starting to stream down his face. He never cried, never. Nobody in his district ever did. But Clove affected him this way. She could do this to him. Because in order to cry, you had to love. That thought hit him like a train would. Cato couldn't breathe for an instant as he watched drops of salted water fall upon the face of the girl he loved. That was dying. Struggling to find words, he only nodded at what she said and brought down his lips on hers. Softly, like a feather floating with the wind, unlike anything anybody would expect from a giant looking boy like Cato. Clove's last reserves of energy went into that moment. After that, he looked into her eyes one last time as life left them. Words weren't needed. He loved her and she loved him. They loved one another, like nobody in District Two ever did before. ... Cato killed Thresh for her. Tore his throat out, with a sadistic satisfaction like never before. But Cato wasn't able to win for her. He wanted to, he really did. During the first hour after he fell off the Cornucopia and into the jaws of the mutts, that was the only thing that he focused on. That he didn't succeed. After a while though, when Clove the mutt tried to bit his nose off and he got a good look into her eyes, he understood. She hadn't given up, she had just accepted. Because when you can meet death, you accept it. That at this point, letting go is the best option. Letting go doesn't mean never getting it back. And he gets that now. It's when Cato begs Katniss for the final blow that he smiles for the first time since she died. They're together, finally. ... A/N: Hey again ! So... yeah that was it. I hope it was coherent because I wrote the beginning months ago and I just finished this so my train of thoughts might not have been exactly the same. I apologize for any mistakes, typos, I am too lazy to edit this. Thanks for reading and leave a review please :) xxx staythenight