the house. Alone in the privacy of my room, I lie down on my bed and close my eyes. Don't go crying just yet Madge. No excuse in the world is going to make up for red eyes. And red eyes scream of rebellion. Nope, I can't cry yet. Right now I have to be pretty and pleasing and nothing short of being a Capitol supporter. I let out yet another sigh and sulk over to my closet. May as well make myself look presentable. I change into a fresh dress and reapply all the makeup I sweated off earlier and run a brush through my hair. A sprits of perfume and I suppose I'm all set. One deep breath and I head back downstairs, this time using the phony smile I've been playing all my life. "There she is! We were wondering where you'd disappeared to after the ceremony!" An annoying Capitol woman with orange colored hair muses loudly as I enter the dining room. "Oh I didn't go far. Just needed to fix myself up a bit is all." I reply as I take my seat at the table. "Well, I'm just dying to know what you think about all the excitement today." She continues as she takes the seat next to me. "Excitement?" I ask, not sure I understand. "Your very first volunteer of course! Don't you find it thrilling?" Of course that's what she meant! I should've know that without asking. I'm slipping with my pretending, I've got to do better. "Oh that? Yes of course. Who would've ever expected that to happen?" I answer in mock wonderment. "It'll be the talk of the whole games. Everyone will be watching to see how this girl does! I must say though, she's terribly frail looking. I hope she doesn't disappoint us all being all talk and no game." "Oh I think she might surprise you. She may be thin but I think her spirit's pretty tough." I comment as I push my food around my plate. "Do you know her?" Another Capitol woman asks leaning in, suddenly joining our conversation. I'm not sure which serves me better. For me to know her or not know her. I should've thought about this already. Simple. Go with a simple answer. "She's the same grade as me in school." I tell them, hoping that will be satisfying enough for their curiosity. It isn't that I don't want to admit friendship with her, I just really don't want to have to answer questions about her. If they find out we were sort of friends, in any capacity, they'll latch onto it and I'll have to spend the rest of the evening answering question after question about her. And I don't think I can handle that. Luckily, that is enough to satisfy them for now. I try to keep my mouth full of food through the rest of the dinner, talking only when absolutely necessary. Mostly I just chew and nod a lot. After what feels like a lifetime, finally they head to the parlor for after dinner drinks and I can excuse myself to bed. Upstairs in my room, I peel off the itchy cocktail dress and slip into my nightgown. Out on my balcony, I sit in my rocking chair and pull my knees up to my chest as I stare out over the quiet of the town. The stage is still up, as is the viewing screen. It's only been a few hours but already, it feels like the reaping was a lifetime ago. Katniss is on the train now, headed straight for the Capitol. I wonder what they'll do to her in the Capitol. Every year they makeover the tributes before presenting them to all the districts. She'll hate that. Being waxed and bleached. Picked at and painted up. I almost laugh to myself thinking about it. Katniss never was a girly girl. I sit out there, alone with my thoughts for hours until I finally feel exhausted enough to sleep. As I finally get up to go in and go to bed, my eyes catch sight of something I hadn't noticed earlier. I move closer to the railing of the balcony and squint trying to make it come into focus. And when it does, I'm a little shocked. Over on the steps of the stage, sits Gale Hawthorne. He's just sitting there. All alone, staring off into nowhere. My heart aches a little for him, knowing he must really be hurting. He must be missing her terribly already if he's sitting there like that. He isn't one to linger around town. It's known to everyone how he and Katniss were best friends. Some people even assumed there was more than friendship there. Considered them to be a couple. That part wasn't true though. While most girls, admittedly myself included, find Gale to be incredibly attractive, I think Katniss always saw him as the older brother type. She really never seemed to talk about romance at all but she had voiced annoyance at all the speculating about her relationship with Gale. And then there were all the rumors about Gale having lots of girlfriends. Lots of girls had stories about making out with him or more. If Katniss really was his girlfriend, she'd never stand for that. She'd never be with a guy who was with a different girl every night. She just wouldn't. I wonder how he's going to handle losing her? And how he'll handle having to watch it out on the viewing screen in front of everyone. If I was as close to her as he is, I'm not sure I'd be able to watch without falling completely apart. Suddenly, he stands and looks right towards my house. I step back into the shadows. Had he seen me staring at him? Did he know I was watching? I slip back inside my room and pray that he didn't. It's late and dark, surely he didn't.