would be provided enough food to fill our bellies and there would be enough to take some with us. However, I knew Parick and the District 2 tributes, Moarey and Sharlton, would be there, looking to kill anyone else stupid enough to risk it. Sure enough, that night, Sharlton, Parick, the boy from 5 and the girl from 8 were dead. Astonishingly enough, Kortnae was one of the 6 remaining, besides myself. It was then that I realized I could actually go home! I could make it out of this thing alive! Parick and Sharlton must've taken each other out and taken a couple of others down with them. Then I realized that I did not want to face off against Kortnae. She was so nice to have shown me how to use the ax. However, the alliance I thought we would end up having did not end taking place; I never did find out what caused her to change her mind. I knew then, at the late stage in the game that Kortnae would kill me in a heartbeat; she was too deadly accurate with that ax and I was sure she had found one by that point. I thought I was going to die as I walked along, because suddenly I fell through a massive hole in the earth. No way could a tribute have dug something so large; this was the Gamemakers all the way. It didn't matter though, I was sure I'd broken my ankle or leg (or both) and now any tribute could kill me and I'd be helpless to stop them. I couldn't find any way out. A tree branch broke off after I'd been in the hole for a day and I was able to use it to get out. However, my leg was severely injured and I didn't know how much longer I had left in me. How could I ever outrun a tribute? Just as I thought that, the boy from District 8 dug something in my back. "Give me a reason and I'll stab you," he growled out. I turned and saw someone who looked…feral. It was one of the scariest things I'd ever seen. How could someone have gone so mad? What had the Gamemakers done to him? Before he could stab me, I stuck my electro cuter in his arm and he dropped dead on the spot. That night, 3 pictures appeared in the sky: The boy from District 4, Kortnae (my heart did a weird flip flop, sad to see her gone but glad I didn't have to confront her), and the boy from 8 who'd I'd killed. That left 3 remaining tributes: me, Moarey from District 2 (who I was absolutely terrified of running into; if she killed me, she'd probably draw it out to make a good show for the Capitol) and the boy from 9. Nothing happened that day, so the following day, a flash flood sprung up. It didn't last long but unfortunately, I wasn't a very good swimmer, so I found myself swallowing quite a bit of water. It didn't taste quite right - very metallic - as though it was laced with blood. I grew very ill and threw up the following night. The boy from 9 appeared in the sky that night. Moarey would be hunting me and I still felt terrible. Whatever was I going to do? Whatever was in that water didn't disappear from my system. It was as though it was toxic and was eating away at my insides. However would I outlast Moarey? I stumbled around, growing weaker by the second, waiting for her to come and end my life. I couldn't believe I'd made it all this way only to die at the very end. Well, there is always that one person who almost is a victor but isn't. I couldn't believe it was going to be me! Moarey found me and threw her knife at me. I dodged it by throwing my backpack up; it deflected and landed a few feet to my right. I crawled for it and tried to grasp it so I could stab at her if she came at me. I was so weak, however, that she kicked the knife out of my hand before I could get a good handle on it. "Oh you precious District 3 rat," she cooed. "Did you really think that someone from your district could actually win ? Oh, you did, didn't you? Tragic how no one has won from your district since what, the 46th Games? What a pathetic stat that is! Even District 12 had a victor more recently than you did! You have…" Cutting her off, I grabbed my electro cuter and stabbed her. It had lost a lot of juice, however, so all it did was cause her to start twitching uncontrollably. "Bitch!" she screamed and before I could prepare myself, she wildly threw the knife at me. It had enough force that when it hit my leg, it still cut open a gash at least 5 inches long. "Ahhhhhhhh!" I screamed as I began to bleed steadily, which only increased my weakness. She could barely move; I dragged myself, my horribly injured leg trailing behind, completely useless, closer to her and with the last ounce of strength, I stuck her with the electro cuter once more. She grew still and a few minutes later, the cannon fired. Somehow, someway, I did it! I was the victor of the 67th Hunger Games! Now that you've made it to the end of the first chapter, it would mean a lot to me if you let me know what you thought of it. I sincerely hope you liked it but if there's something you didn't care for, please let me know (nicely) what I could do to improve it. And if you follow/favorite it, that's great too! If you did enjoy this, you can expect an update in a week, most likely.