words on the matter. "I. Will. Not. Be. Joining. You. May the Lord bless thee and keep thee safe on your trip to your new home." Before anyone has a chance to stop me I leave the parlor. I had always known growing up that my mother and father subscribed to differing political philosophies. When I was 14, I remember coming into the bakery after a day of school to find my father looking over a parchment in his hands. When I asked what the paper said he told me of a new tax set by parliament, called the Sugar Act. The act would put a 3-pence tax on every gallon of molasses. I was surprised by the gloom that was apparent on my father's face. I understood that molasses was a main ingredient in our pastries and cakes, but we were not lacking wealth, so I did not understand why a seemingly insignificant amount of money could mean so much to him. When I asked as much he simply sighed and smiled sadly. He told me it was not the amount or even the tax itself, but instead it was the act of taxation without representation. Our colonies did not have an ambassador to England and therefore were not given the ability to vote or voice our say on matters such as this. He then told me this tax was so England could make up for losses suffered during the French-Indian War, and that we were the only ones being taxed even though it was the colonists whose blood was spilled. As far as my father was concerned we had already paid our debts. The conversation came up again at the evening meal. My mother thought it ridiculous that anyone would question any decision made by the crown. She was mortified that a question of paying taxes would even come up at her table. No matter how my father explained it, my mother would not believe her parent country was anything other than giving and gracious. Politics were not spoken of at our table again, but in the years since the Sugar Act we have had other taxes implemented without any voice. The Currency Act and Stamp Act came a few years later. I remember how elated my father was as he read to me in the kitchen of the bakery a speech by Patrick Henry in regards to the Stamp Act. I still remember the line as it flowed from my father's mouth, "If this be treason, make the most of it." Since that day I have followed the career of Patrick Henry very closely. I find myself pacing my bedroom with no real plan of what to do next. I know that my mother was not bluffing, and that sooner or later she will expect me to leave this house. I am just not entirely sure where I will go. I silently mourn the end of my college education at least for now. As I am mentally trying to come up with some sort of plan I hear my bedroom door open behind me. I feel her before I hear her sweet voice. "Peeta?" I turn and see Adele standing there, she looks defeated. Her shoulders slumped. Her eyes are rimmed with red, and the streaks of her hot tears have left their imprint on her cheeks. My stomach twists at the realization that I caused her pain. "Peeta you must come with us." Her voice cracks with desperation. I approach her, slowly raising my hand to cup her left cheek. She closes her eyes and leans into my palm. I let out a shaky breath before I speak. "Oh Delly, my sweet beautiful Delly, I am so sorry, but I cannot go. This is... home." As she listens a sob escapes her lips and I take her into my arms, my shirt absorbing her tears. When the sobs that wrack her body finally subside I hear her soft voice again. "I have always loved you, Peeta, sadly it's decisions like the one you made today that made me fall so incredibly hard for you." Her words bring the sting of tears to my eyes and I ask the question, even though I already know the answer. "Stay with me?" "You know I cannot.", she replies with a heavy sigh. I do know that, I know that she could never leave her family. I know that her own views are very much loyalist, and therefore this move will be safer for her. I do want for her to be safe... always. She pulls away not looking at me, and I know she does not have the strength to say goodbye, but I cannot leave it like this. This cannot end this way. I will not profess my love for her, because all it would do is hurt her now, but I need her to know that I did not make this decision lightly. Just as she reaches the door I run to her, grabbing her arm, spinning her so she is facing me. In one swift motion I take her face in my hands and crash my lips into hers. The kiss is my everything, and I want to give everything to her. I press her against the closed door pinning her with my hips. She moans into my mouth as her hands reach into my unruly hair. Sadly the fire of the kiss soon becomes more and more hesitant, and I know that this is the end. When we break apart we look into each other eyes one last time before we both mouth the word, "Goodbye". Fun Fact - The 1764 Sugar Act was actually put in place to replace the previous tax of the Molasses Act. What is funny is the Molasses Act was 6-pence per Gallon vs. the Sugar Acts 3-pence. The difference being that the Molasses act was almost never enforced, whereas the later Sugar Act was strictly enforced... Thanks for Reading