of the pictures of my dad and I were stuff that my mom and Prim would of never threatened to do, like archery. I loved archery. My dad and I would go to the archery range every single weekend to arch. Prim's was filled with our selfies. Prim also referenced many songs and put in so many song lyrics. She also told me she wanted a huge hug and added that Rory wished me the best. I wished them the best, too. Madge's had no pictures. Instead, she wrote out this huge essay of every single moment that we had together and included a timeline for all of our special memories (for example, when we met in first grade and we never talked but always felt comfort around each other). Johanna's had no photos, too, and instead was filled with things that she hated about me, like how I was always so brainless about everything and how I would take all of her ice water on a really hot day. But she said that I was her friend either way and that I should survive because she needed revenge. She was still my friend too. Annie's basically stated that I couldn't leave them because I would miss all of the exciting things that every girl was looking forward to, like college, getting drunk, and her wedding day. It was covered with our selfies as well. Gale's had one picture of us at the archery range (he was an archer as well!) and only said that I was the only neighbor of his that he actually liked. The rest was blank. That was so Gale. Plain and simple and blunt. Finnick's had a bunch of pictures of us and said that since I saw him, I was already blessed (to which I thought, oh that cocky jerk). But then he said that he missed me and that I needed to get better. Peeta's was last, but most definitely not the least. All the pictures were of me from the Free Day not exactly shopping spree that he took of me while I was trying on all of the clothes. He wrote with in cursive "The Girl on Fire + The Boy With The Bread". I then started reading the tree quotes and realized it was from the book we bonded over. "I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. I'm in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and I'm in love with you." "What else? She is so beautiful. You don't get tired of looking at her. You never worry if she is smarter than you: You know she is. She is funny without ever being mean. I love her. I am so lucky to love her." "But, Katniss, my love, I cannot tell you how thankful I am for our little infinity. I wouldn't trade it for the world. You gave me a forever within the numbered days, and I'm grateful." For the first time in a while, I cried out tears of joy. Katniss: This is prim katniss wants 2 say thank u 4 the scrapbook Peeta: No prob :) tell her that she means the world 2 me and that i hope that shes better I was lying in bed when the doctor walked in. I immediately tried to sit up some more for him. Hopefully he would finally say that I could leave this place once and for all. But, instead, he broke my heart by saying, "We underestimated your cancer." I stayed silent for a few moments, before finally choking something out. "What?" "It's spread," he told me. "It's spread to your lungs. And, even worse, the cancer is not responding to the chemotherapy very much. We're going to have to attempt a different approach." "Okay," I said. "What are you going to do?" "First, we're going to have surgery to remove the tumor," the doctor explained; it seemed like he already had to explain it at least ten times before me. "Then we're going to have to do radiation." "Okay," I said. "When is it? "Tomorrow," he answered to me. "If you need anything, tell me. I'm going to go now. Goodbye." He waved to me. "Bye," I left and closed the door. However, somehow, when he did, suddenly, I couldn't breathe anymore. I started to panic. Was it the cancer? Was it the cancer not allowing me to breath? Frantically, I looked for the button I was supposed to press when I needed help. But, somehow, I couldn't find it. Did it just disappear? I wasn't very good with holding my breath; that was Annie's, Johanna's, and Finnick's specialties, not mine. So, when I felt myself dozing off, I could only think as I held onto the last few seconds. I never wanted to leave my family. I never wanted to leave my friends. I never wanted to leave Peeta. But I had to. "The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, But in ourselves, that we are underlings." -Shakespeare, Julius Caesar So two weeks ago on Friday, TFIOS came out. And then last Friday I had graduation. And today I have a school dance on a cruise going to the Statue of Liberty. I thought of this idea literally right after I saw TFIOS and thought, "Why not?" So this oneshot was born. I hope you guys enjoyed. I did a lot of research to try to make this as accurate as possible, and I hope it is. If you guys did enjoy, please make sure to leave a review and favorite. And also follow me for more Everlark modern AUs!