Peeta." He pulls back suddenly and settles on his hunches. "You mean you're not ready to be with someone like me." My mouth hangs open in shock as I watch him move off my bed and walk to the door. I sit up. "Peeta?" He looks back at me and my heart drops by the hurt in his eyes. "Why did I think that someone like you could love a beast?" I stare at him blankly and soon he's gone. I fall back to the bed remembering the feel of his body against mine. I wait a few hours before making my way to his room. I can feel my anxiety rise as I near the staircase that leads to his room. I'm not even half way up when I hear the ripping of canvases and Peeta screaming out in frustration. I try to gather enough nerve to push the door open and when I do I'm frozen in place. His shirt is off as he throws paint at the canvas with no regard to where it falls. I've never seen him like this even in his worst rages. There's something about the way he moves, each movement sluggish as if it's painful for him to move. With one last stroke of his brush he falls to the floor completely. His knees hit the ground as the paint drips from the brush that is loosely hanging from his fingers. He's breathing heavily as I rush over to him. He doesn't seem to notice my presence until I'm kneeling in front of him and when he looks up at me tears are falling down his face. I place the brush on the floor and use the pads of my thumbs to wipe away his tears. I lean forward and kiss every part of his scared face and I can feel him shake underneath my lips. My hands are framing his face as he continues to watch me closely. "I want you. I was just scared, not because of you but because all I can offer you is pain because that's all I have inside of me anymore." I lean forward and kiss him softly. "I'm just hollowed out, Peeta." His breath tickles my lips and as I pull back I know what I need now is to feel him. I watch his eyes widen as I pull the straps of my nightgown down, revealing my breasts. I stand up slowly to allow it to pool around my feet. His eyes follow the fabric and when his eyes land at the apex of my legs I'm glad I left my panties behind. I step out of the gown and hold my hands out to him. He takes them, holding onto my hands tightly and as he stands he pulls my naked body into his. My nipples are sensitive against his broad chest as the friction of our bodies causes me to moan into his mouth as he kisses me. I release his hands to warp my arms around his neck as he presses his lips to my ear. "We can help each other to forget all the pain, Katniss. I need you to make me forget." I nod as I turn my head to press my lips to his. He lowers us to the ground while I fumble with the fastening and zipper of his pants. When he enters me everything explodes around me until all I am is the sensations that spread through my body. His thrusts are rapid at first until we find a rhythm and as my orgasm fast approaches and Peeta comes a part as he shouts my name all the pain is forgotten for this moment. Afterwards we lie together on the floor among the mess of ripped canvases and paint. Our legs tangle together as Peeta kisses me on the crown of my head and I trace the scars on his rib cage. "What will happen when the snow clears," his voice is so quiet that I nearly miss it even in the silence of the manor. I look up at him from my position at his chest. "I don't know, but we have time before that happens." He nods and we hold onto each other until he begins to sit up. When I begin to question him he holds up his hand, asking for me to wait and stands up from the floor. I turn on my side and use my elbow to prop up my weight as I watch his nude form walk over to the other side of the room. He bends over and I whistle lowly. When he stands he glances over his shoulder and smirks at me. When he settles back against me I can feel him put something over my head and when the cool metal falls between my bare breasts I look down to see a bird pendent. It's the one that he used as a key for the box. I turn around, our faces inches apart. Peeta reaches out to place his hand underneath the charm, his fingers tickling the curves of my breasts. "It's used as a key but it can also be a piece of jewelry. I was given the box when I was a boy and told that it should hold everything that is precious to me. The things that I want to keep for myself so that the world can't take it away." I look down at the pendent. "You're now that box for me, Katniss. So I thought it fitting, for you to wear the key." I shake my head. "I'm not worthy of this, Peeta." "Yes you are," he whispers. I reach down and take his hand in both of mine as he holds onto the necklace around my neck. He leans forward to kiss me and I lay flat on my back as he settles in between my legs and we once again make the other forget the pain. THE END