that Daddy was okay now and that he wants us to wash up for super. One night, Rye woke up screaming from a bad dream. Our rooms are right across the hall from each other and I would be the first to reach him. He had been having several nightmares at the time because it was when I had just turned 12. It was the first year I was eligible for the games. I know where he gets it from. Our mother is notorious for nightmares that wake up everyone in the house. I would rush to Rye's side, stroking his blonde hair and he would cry and tell me about the dream. Dreams of me dying in the games, dreams of mother and father blaming him for my death, dreams of him being reaped himself. "They seem so real, Danica," he would whimper. That's when I got the idea to begin playing the game with Rye that mother uses with father to calm him down. If is helps him sort through what real and a lie, maybe Rye can benefit from it as well. "Let's play a game," I said, "You tell me about something that happened in one of your dreams. I will tell you if it is real or not real." "Like the games Mommy plays with Daddy?" "Exactly," I answer, "So tell me about it." "You were reaped for the games. Real or not real?" "Not real. I wasn't picked at the reaping yesterday." "Mommy and Daddy would blame me if you were picked. Real or not real?" "Not real. Even if I was picked, it wouldn't have been your fault." "You love me, real or not real?" "Unfortunately, I'm stuck with you as my little brother. So, real." I earn the giggle out of him that I was hoping for. I would do anything for him to wake up from this nightmare now. To be able to tell him it's just a dream, its not real. He stands there, the peacekeepers waiting impatiently outside of the roped off area. Everyone is watching him, waiting to see what he will do next. He too is breathing heavily, looking like he is on the verge of passing out. Effie repeats his name, telling him to make his way to the stage in between sobs. I watch him as he walks to the peacekeeper who angrily grabs his arm and pushes him towards the stage. His terror is slowing his pace and when he walks too slowly for their taste, they push him again, harder. He falls to the ground, dirt particles flying in the beams of sunlight. I see a small red dot on his chin where a scratch has began to bleed. I cannot stop the screams that come from my body. I begin to cry, screaming my head off as I make my disapproval known. "No! Leave him alone! Take me, just leave him alone!" I prepare myself to jump right off the stage, run to my baby brother and console his pain. I am right on the edge as a pair of arms wraps around my waist and pull my back. They belong to my father. I am kicking and screaming now. This can't be happening! They were only supposed to reap me! Not Rye! They were supposed to get their revenge through sending me to games. Just me. Isn't that enough? Wouldn't that be enough punishment for just one of my parent's children to be sent to death? This isn't fair. My father whispers in my ear, "Stop it Danica, calm down." I don't listen. I continue to fight and scream which only causes Effie to cry more. I expect them to kick and hit him because knowing Rye, he will curl into a ball in the dirt and cry. I have to get to him, to protect him. Cover his body with mine to soften the blows. Why won't my father let me go? And where the hell is my mother? So much for being brave. I am expecting them kill him, beat him to death because he won't get up. He's so sensitive. However, Rye does something that is both terrifying and calming at the same time. He gently gets to his feet, brushes the dirt from his shirt and wipes his chin of the blood. He straightens his shirt and fixes his hair before he begins to walk, ever so peacefully. As if it is a surrender. This is what terrifies me. What is he thinking? Why is he accepting death so easily? He isn't planning on giving his own life so I can come home is he? I can read him like an open book. Well two bad. I'll fight him every inch of the way. I will keep him alive, so he can come home. If one of us should come home, it should be Rye. He's younger and so much smarter than I am. I couldn't live with myself with I came home without him. No, I will protect him until my last breath. Before, I had believed I had a chance. I believed that perhaps I had the common sense, the wits, and the survival skills to make it out of their alive. That I might possibly get to come home when this whole thing is over. However, now I am accepting that I must protect Rye, keep him safe and send him home alive. Accepting that I must make sure he is fed, that he stays warm and stays safely away from the careers. I am accepting that I am going to die. While lost in these thoughts, Rye has had time to ascend up the steps and take his place beside Father and I. I look at him, tears and fear in my eyes. His face is sorrowful, his eyes glisten in the sunlight, full of tears as he mouths four simple words. "Real or not real?" After I pause, I mouth back. "Real"