were already waiting. Rose was on the end of the couch, with her feet propped onto the rotting table that Arell had snatched a few weeks before. "I bet they'll send in little kids this year. Then Lynn or I'll go." "That's your pessimism talking," Lynn scowled, flopping down beside her father. "Your sister's right, quite being depressing," Arell growled, tugging on the younger girl's arm. "And move! You're in my spot." "I don't see your name written on it," Rose responded irritably, but scooted over anyways. "Don't have to put my name on it. I'm older than you, and smarter, and more skilled." "And you carry knives," Rose grumbled, staring at her thumbs as she attempted to remove the layer of dirt underneath them. Arell gave an irritated huff. Ever since that stupid Capitol girl had revealed that piece of knowledge to the two girls, that was all Arell ever heard. "You shouldn't be carrying knives. They could arrest you." "Knives are dangerous." "Why do you have to carry them, anyways?" It was annoying. Luckily, Arell didn't have to reply, for at the moment the screen came to life with the Capitol seal, and the anthem blared through their small living room. And when the music quieted and the seal faded away, she was looking at the president himself, but he didn't look like his normal, smug self. Something about him seemed...off. He kept glancing behind him, and his face was set into a deep, unhappy frown. "Well that is odd." "What?" Rose demanded, glancing from her, to the screen, then back again. "What's odd?" "Nothing, just watch and be quiet." Rose breathed irritably through her nose, and thumped back into the hard backrest of the couch, listening with little interest as the man made a speech about the celebration of one hundred years of peace, and the Hunger Games. "Now, it wouldn't be appropriate to celebrate such a milestone with a simple tradition, would it?" The crowd cheered. "I agree, so for this year, we are introducing a new factor to our games. Instead of one mere twist, we will have four. The original twist for this year's Quarter Quell, as well as the three twists we have celebrated in the past years." "What does that mean? How can they have four twists?" Lynn wondered allowed. "Just listen," Arell snapped as the audience on the screen settled back down and the man began to continue his speech. "This year's Quell will include forty-eight tributes representing the districts, half of whom the Districts shall vote for to honor the first and second quells, and in honor of our third, there will be two victors. For those of you who don't remember our last quell, the victors can come from any district, the same, or separate." A few hoots from the home crowd, then: "Now, shall we read the card with your fourth and final twist?" The crowd erupted into a thunderous roar as the cameras showed a shot of the President's entourage, his daughter and granddaughter with their husbands, and the tall, dark-haired man whom Arell recognized as the Head Gamemaker, and beside him was a small boy who's hair was decorated to represent flames. Arell recognized him almost instantly. She'd had the misfortune of meeting him when he and the President's great-granddaughter had come to District 3 for whatever reason. Beside him was the tiny devil herself, wearing a dress that was peculiar even by Capitol standards, and even more troubling, gloves without any material to hide the fingers. The Capitol truly was going crazy. She stepped forward, carrying the box that contained the quell twist, and opened it for her grandfather. The tension between the two was obvious as he removed the card that read, "100" on it's front. She remained in place as he examined the card carefully, face not flinching. "This year, to remind the Districts that their war hurt people on both sides of the conflict, the Capitol will present two tributes of their own." Lynn gasped, and Rose sat up straighter, mouth agape. Even her father seemed to stir from his trance with interest, but Arell didn't flinch. She was watching the "Capitol's Sweetheart.". "One tribute will be selected from the closest relatives of the current president of reaping age." Arell watched as the box fell from the hands of the young girl beside him, and papers skidded across the stage in every direction, but it wasn't enough. Arell could see the truth, the Capitol's Sweetheart already knew, maybe even had a hand in it. "And the second shall be selected from the children of reaping age or the highest possible ranking Gamemaker." The boy's face fell into shock, and his head jerked around to look at his soon to be... Capitol partner? He knew she had a hand in it as well as Arell did. The rustic-haired girl sat back, smirking. "Well, well, Miss Snow. Looks like you've gotten yourself in over your head." I considered doing another POV, but I liked this as my ending so I was like, eh, what the hey? And I chose Arell for this particular role because I knew I wanted to do it from one of my tributes POV's, and I also knew I wanted the one I used to know that it wasn't a chance thing, that it had been rigged, and I felt that the best characters for that role would be either her, or my District 8 female Atra, but Atra has some eye issues, and besides, she's not quite as hateful towards Capitolites as Arell is, so I figured Arell would be the best. I think I may have one for Atra anyways though in the next chapter. What does everyone think? Yay or nay? Well, I said pretty much everything else at the top, so, yeah, enjoy, and don't forget to review. Oh yeah, new poll on my page, and Kat won fav. Character poll by four votes. Go Kat!