knife against her cheek. He then lets go of her face, and instead sticks his elbow right into the front of her neck, and no matter how hard she claws at his arms he stays put, slowly applying pressure. The Santa is glaring at her now, the contempt for her apparent on his face, and she can't figure out why this man she doesn't know could hate her so much. Black spots begin to invade her vision as the Santa's elbow cuts off her air, and slowly she begins to give in. At least I'll see Peeta soon, she thinks to herself, or at least she hopes that's how it works. The man studies her for another moment, and a small smile pulls on his mouth, but Katniss can barely see straight anymore. "You look a lot like her, you know…," a sneer on his face. "Let's see if we can fix that frown." She thinks she can see the blade of the knife approaching her face. But the tip never gets to her skin, and instead the sickening sound of clanging metal fills the room. The pressure eases up off her neck, as the Santa slumps down, with a good push she rolls him off of her. She looks up then and sees him...Peeta. He's holding one of her father's gardening shovels. He is bloody, dirty, and cut up pretty bad, but he's alive… he's alive and seething, and the next thing Katniss knows Peeta hits the Santa's lifeless form with the shovel again and again and again. She scrambles away and watches this rage inside Peeta completely take over. "You motherfucking piece of shit! How fucking dare you!" he growls, as he continues to crush the Santa's skull, reducing it to a bloody pulp. Eventually Katniss gets her breath back, then her voice. "Peeta," she squeaks in a hoarse voice, but he doesn't seem to hear her, and he swings the shovel again. "Peeta!" she yells as loud as she can manage, as her hands come up to massage her tender neck. He seems to hear her this time, and when he turns and his rage-clouded blue eyes meet hers, she sees them fill with tears, and the shovel slips from his hand and clangs to the ground loudly, causing her to wince. He stumbles towards her, and drops to his knees in front of her, and even though she can tell it hurts him to do it, he pulls her to him, and she hugs him just as tightly back. And they don't let go… The Killer Claus, who has been identified as 55-year-old Coriolanus Snow of Snow Malls INC, had apparently been stalking seventeen-year-old Katniss Everdeen for a week before attacking her at her boyfriend's home early Christmas morning, according to evidence collected at Snow's home. Everdeen's boyfriend, 17-year old-Peeta Mellark, sole heir to the 'Mellark Cakes' fortune, was seriously injured in the attack, and was brought to a local hospital where he was considered stable. However his mother, 45-year-old Almira Mellark, was stabbed to death during the home invasion. Police do not believe Almira Mellark was a target of Snow, but had surprised him when she came home from a Christmas Eve party. Miss Everdeen was also injured during the attack, and brought to the hospital, but her injuries were considered non-life threatening, and she was released the following morning. Peeta Mellark remains in the hospital, but according to friends of the family, he is doing great and is expected to make a full recovery. While investigating the home of Coriolanus Snow, police also recovered several boxes of handwritten journals believed to be that of Snow's. The journals seem to record names, ages and addresses of women who fall under the description of his victims: petite with dark hair. Most of the women recorded live within a ten-mile radius of one of his 50 mall locations throughout the state. Police say the journals also made mention of his ex-wife Alma Coin. Snow and Coin were divorced in December of 1995. Court papers cite irreconcilable differences as a cause for the failed marriage. Alma Coin and her partner, Lydia Paylor, both had restraining orders taken out against Snow soon after the divorce. Both women were reported missing while vacationing in Hawaii back in 1998, and neither woman was ever found. Snow was brought in for questioning at the time, but police declared he was not a suspect. The case is still considered to be open. According to police, the journals also make mention of the similarities in looks between the females recorded in the journals and that of his ex-wife's lover... Snow was pronounced dead on scene. The coroner reports that Snow was killed due to blunt force trauma to the head, as a result of being hit in the head with a shovel several times by Mr. Mellark while he was attempting to rescue Miss Everdeen. Police did question Mellark about the incident, but have announced that they will not be pursuing the matter any further, and the case is now considered closed….And now let's turn to Finnick Odair for the weather. Hi everyone, Finnick Odair here. For those going out for New Years Eve tomorrow night, make sure to leave your coats at home. A warm front is moving towards us from the southwest, and is expected to bring temperatures in the low 50's. This unseasonable warm spell should last into the new year and on through the weekend, putting an end to the bitter cold temperatures we have been suffering through since before Christmas... If the weather is any indication, 2014 is going to be a great year... I wanted to say a BIG HUGE SLOPPY THANK YOU to Court81981 for holding my hand and fixing my mistakes, To Atetheredmind for helping spark this idea, To Ro Nordmann for the fantastic cover art/Banner, and To Misshoneywell for running yet another stellar PiP! Come visit me on Tumblr: Streetlightlove1 Thanks so much for reading!