down next to him rather than find an empty room to speak in. She begins to discuss the nature of Charlie's fracture and how it would benefit from a bone plate. She explains the surgery, healing time and prognosis. The whole time Peeta's overwrought eyes are on her, completely nervous by what she's detailing to him. Normally this sort of attention would make her anxious and want to flee. But in this case, each time she glances up and her eyes meet the blue of his, she is fighting a smile, and her cheeks burn. "Upon examination, along with the fracture to his pelvis, Charlie, also appears to have a partially torn CCL." "Oh god, what's that?" The same panic she heard in Peeta's voice earlier has returned. She chastises herself for using too much medical lingo, her lack of client contact making her rusty. "Oh, it's nothing, I mean... in humans, it's known as a torn ACL." She watches the understanding flood his eyes. "Ahh, like what Tom Brady had?" She tries but fails to suppress the chuckle that builds up in her throat because most guys seem to reference the Patriots quarterback in this situation. "Yes, exactly!" Katniss watches as his confusion from her laughter turns into a triumphant grin, and she can't help smiling along with him. "This is of course minor in comparison to the pelvis injury so we can discuss treatment options for that once he has recovered." "And you'll be the surgeon?" Peeta's question seems to demand reassurance, and Katniss is confused by the warmth it elicits in her gut. "Yes, well, I will, along with the head of surgery, Dr. Abernathy. He'll be scrubbing in with me because I'm a..." "Good, I'm glad it's you." Peeta has a far-off stare as he talks. He nods to himself before looking back to Katniss. "You seem to know what you're doing, and I..." Katniss watches as Peeta sucks in a shaky breath. "Charlie means a great deal to me, and I need to make sure he's going to be okay." Katniss can see the tears glistening in his bloodshot eyes but easily finds herself becoming distracted by his eyelashes as he speaks. They are dark gold and longer than any she's ever seen. A small voice from behind them breaks her concentration. "I'm sorry to interrupt, Kat ." Katniss turns to see the small mocha-skinned girl from the front desk. "No problem, Rue." Katniss smiles, waiting for her to continue. "Surgery just called and said they need you back there when you're done here." Rue nods to both Katniss and Peeta, and then scurries back to the desk. "Thanks," Katniss calls out after her then turns back to Peeta. "So I think that's about it, unless you have any questions we can start the..." "Kat?" Peeta inquires with a lopsided grin. "Convenient name for a vet, wouldn't you say?" His eyes have lit up for the first time since their conversation began. Katniss rolls her eyes and smiles in spite of herself. "Its a nickname" she grumbles while jokingly narrowing her eyes at him. "Ah." he says slowly, nodding in understanding. His face knits in concentration as he rubs a finger over the bit of stubble under his bottom lip. "Katherine?" Katniss shakes her head. "Kathleen?" "Nope." "Katrina." Another shake of her head. "Katarina." Katniss snorts out a laugh. "No." Peeta cocks his head at her, looking completely perplexed. The look on his face is so endearing that Katniss decides to throw him a bone. "It's Katniss." Peeta nods in acceptance, but the levity of the moment passes quickly, and Katniss can see his earlier anxiety return in full force. Peeta scrubs his face with his hands. "Sooo," Katniss draws out the word longer than she meant to, wishing she had a way to bring back the man's carefree nature, from moments ago. "If everything sounds good to you, I'll just need you to sign this consent form, and we can get Charlie in surgery in the next couple of hours." Peeta clears his throat, taking the piece of paper from her. Katniss watches his mouth move as he silently reads the form. When he's done, he regards her once again, the earlier playfulness completely gone. "Do you have a pen?" he asks. Katniss reaches into the pocket of her light blue scrub top, retrieving a black ball point pen. She hands it to him, watching as he inks his signature at the bottom of the page. Peeta hands her back the pen and paper, which she takes before standing up. "And that should do it. Someone will be in touch with you once the surgery is over and Charlie has woken up." Peeta nods, the lack of sleep, causing his lids to hang heavy over his eyes. "Thank you, Dr. Everdeen." He smiles kindly at her. Katniss attempts a reassuring smile before turning away. She only gets a few feet away when something spins her back around. "Peeta," she calls to him. He glances up from his phone that he now has in his hand. "Charlie is going to be fine, I promise." The relieved elation that her words bring to Peeta's face alone seems to be worth making the promise. It's not until she turns around that she realizes what she has actually vowed to do, and it makes her stomach sink. A thirteen-year-old dog who has been hit by a car. The odds aren't exactly in his favor. Why did I do that? she scolds herself. Katniss never makes promises like that to anyone. She won't even give that kind of reassurance to a basic neuter. But Katniss saw the shake in his hand, the worry in his voice and the tears in his eyes when she spoke to him about Charlie's condition. She could see how much he loved his dog, and Katniss felt compelled to give him something. She just hopes she can deliver. Thank you so much for reading!