Swim, Surf, Sushi Coffee and Rum I talk to cameras for a living. FOdair4 FOdair4 MissAnnieC back to the future is on #martymcflyismymancrush (That user does not exist. Send tweet again?) TO: It's Mermaid Bitch FROM: Southern Songbird SUBJECT: (no subject) When you get time can I call you? It's really important. Katniss [Mass text to Johanna, Madge, Katniss and Cashmere] Girl's Night? Please? [SMS from Johanna] whats wr0ng? [SMS from Madge] YES! [SMS from Cashmere] :/ 1dk hun 1 th1nk m3 & 3n0b2r1 h v3 pl ns 2n1t3 [SMS from Annie] Oh. Okay well if only Madge is able to go that's cool. [SMS from Madge] HEY MISSY WHAT'S WRONG WITH ME?! :( V/3 [SMS from Annie] Nothing! [SMS from Cashmere] 1 c2n c2nc3l d2t3 n1t3 [SMS from Annie] No don't worry about it! I don't want Enobaria plotting to eat me in my sleep! [SMS from Annie] Margaritas and pasta with Madge is basically the best thing ever [SMS from Madge] YOU LOVE ME AGAIN V3 [SMS from Annie] V3 Annie you have three missed calls from Johanna. Call her back? Welcome to my Instagram! My name is Madge and I like to post pictures of food, my dogs and my hubby. Margaritas and cuddles and mochi with the amazing Annie. We need to do dinner more often #GNO #wino #nofilter Finnick and 2346 other people liked this TO: It's Mermaid Bitch FROM: QUEEN OF THE GODAMN FORREST SUBJECT: What the fuck is wrong? Okay what the fuck is wrong with you? You weren't home when I brought cheesecake, and dishes from Value Village for you to break. Which if you don't fucking talk to me soon I will be the one breaking them. Over your head. And now you got yourself wine wasted with Madge and you won't even call me back. What the hell? Like what the hell is wrong. I told you Finnick and me aren't sleeping together and that I'm sorry and we won't do anything ever. But you can't give me radio silence. Like we need to communicate. That's how our dysfunctional is functional. You don't give a shit that I'm doing political rants in the living room and I don't mention your really weird habit of deleting and recreating every social media you have whenever you and Finnick fight. Like what the hell? Seriously Annie, just can we talk? [Mass Text to Gale, Madge, Finnick, Annie, Johanna, Cashmere, and Gloss] has anyone seen katniss? TO: the nicest type of fabric FROM: GLIMMERING GOLD GUNSHOW SUBJECT: those same fucking ones. Got the boys out in the wind and all that shit Hey, Good. Just be careful okay? Cash you're my sister and I do not want you making my mistakes. At all. Are you sure about that? There's always some teenager on YouTube depressed looking for a sign and maybe you can be it. Give them hope that there's light and that killing yourself isn't the best idea? Just saying maybe outing yourself publicly-actually I'm confused. The only people you're hiding from is YouTube right? You're already out and public I thought. I'm not saying-I don't know what I'm saying, it's late. Night, G [SMS from Finnick] hey kat watsup T he V ictors T umblr Anonymous asked: Who is Annie? She's followed by all of the Victors on twitter and Instagram and they post pictures of her. Is she a YouTuber? Hi Nonnie! Annie was Finn's ex-fiancée a long long time ago. Most of his vlogs durning 2006-2011 that are still up have her in them. They were together for a really long time, but they broke up in 2011. They're still really good friends though, and Johanna and her live together. Because of their relationship and the fact that she lives with Johanna means she's really close to all of them kind of like how Peeta (Gale's best friend-total brotp). Unlike Peeta who is okay with being filmed Annie doesn't really like being filmed or being public so they don't film her but in their vlogs-at least 99% with Jo she's there, making the sarcastic comments that Jo makes fun of. She doesn't have a YouTube channel and she recently deleted her twitter, and her Instagram is private so, we should all respect her wishes and leave her alone! (Don't send her any hate guys because she dated Finn it was like four years ago. His Fishes are a good fan base we need to keep the happy vibes) Thanks for the question, XO -'- Prim T he V ictors T umblr is run by Rue and Prim TO: QUEEN OF THE GODAMN FORREST, Poseidon Wishes He Had My Abs, You Go SPLODION, the nicest type of fabric, GLIMMERING GOLD GUNSHOW, Mmm Mmm Madge FROM: It's Mermaid Bitch SUBJECT: Odd Request Hi, So I know this is really weird and stupid and it's not because I don't adore you. But um can you not mention in your videos or tag me in pictures on Instagram or anything-or post pictures of me? I'm really trying to get Yale and I don't want Dr. Cohen to google my name and get linked to tumblr or youtube or whatever. I'm not saying don't make videos-just please don't mention me? Thanks, Annie Primerose Everdeen is at Black Hills Airport with Katniss Everdeen : my sister is home! Like this status [SMS from Johanna] f0und h3r [SMS from Peeta] when prim checked her in too? [SMS from Peeta] gee thanks [SMS from Johanna] n0 n33d 2 g3t s0 sassy me ' Hey, it's Peeta. I'm not there right now, so please leave a message with your name, number and the date or time you called so I can feel really guilty about not returning your call-damn that Jewish guilt-after the beep!' 'Peeta? I'm pregnant.' A/N: My tumblr is seevikifangirl. Thank you for reading, and thank you for taking the time to favourite, subscribe and review. Part two will be up sometime next week. Much love, V