way up." The screen cuts to a square very different from our own. Although most Hunger Game features are shown in the districts, the reapings are not. The first time the districts see the tributes are during the Tribute Parade. I can see why when I watch the differences between the ceremonies. "It's insane, isn't it?" Peeta say as he leans his forehead on my shoulder. He's sitting on my right but further back than me. Our legs are pressed so close if we were any closer I would be sitting on his lap. I watch them introduce a girl named Glimmer and her partner Marvel. Their escort introduces them as the districts 'champion tributes.' There was no bowls, no chance, no name calling. They've been training for this their whole life. "These guys will be tough. But if you can get them away from the food and supplies, that's your best shot." "How do I do that?" I watch as the other half of the Career pack similarly are chosen. Cato and Clove. "You're gonna have to use your surroundings. One year, a girl from six set fire to their stash. Given, they hunted her down and killed her for it, someone from nine won that year. Another year the victor destroyed a dam and washed away the food. Someone even caused an avalanche during the 52nd." We watch the rest in a similar fashion. Peeta points out which ones are most dangerous and which will be most vulnerable. He warns me to watch out for the pairs from three and five, technology and energy, because they will most likely be the keenest and could be very deadly if given the chance to set both physical and psychological traps. He notices flaws in some of the tributes 'strategies' like the girl from seven who tries to play the damsel in distress card but has most likely been swinging an axe for at least the past six years. He also suggests to stay away from tributes under the age of fourteen. "They're an easy kill, yes, but it won't gain you much popularity. But if you show them mercy it could lose you the statistics so it better to just avoid them. This includes the boys from 4 and 9 and the girls from 10 and 11. And of course Tommy, but you never want to kill your district partner. When you get home, it'll only hurt you when you have to face everyone." "When?" He didn't say if I get home, he said when. He looks at me as if I'm crazy. "I'm getting you home, Katniss." My response was interrupted by Ceaser. "And boy do I have a surprise for you. Wait until you see what happened in District 12 this afternoon." I watch as Peeta and Haymitch take their places by Mayor Undersee. Haymitch is already drunk enough to be stumbling around but Peeta makes sure he stays somewhat upright, saving him from a particularly close call with the edge of the stage. They skip the video and now Effie is beginning the drawing. I watch her hand and can't help but feel anger and the way it flitters around before picking the only one in the bowl that say Primrose EVERDEEN ON IT! She reads her name and instead of the silence that was being undertook during the reaping, Ceaser says, "That's right folks! Our favorite little sister of the infamous love of Peeta Mellark. But watch what happens next." He whispers before they cut back to the film. I can see me physically snap into action. "Prim!" I sound even more desperate than I thought I did. The camera zooms in on Peeta and he looks just as devastated as I felt in that moment. The picture is back on me as I struggle against the peacekeepers before finally shouting, "I volunteer!" Peeta jumped out of his seat like he wanted to stop me but Haymitch had sobered up enough from hearing Prim's name to hold him back with a hand on his shoulder. Prim grew on everyone and Haymitch was no exception. The first time Prim had come with me to see Peeta she had picked some wildflowers from the meadow. She had given them to Haymitch as we passed him on his front porch. When I reached the stage my argument with Prim was clear with the high tech Capital microphones. ". . . It's going to be okay, go find Mom." Peeta ripped his shoulder free of Haymitch's grip and jumped down from the front of the stage. They zoomed in on him pulling her away from me and caught the few words he said. "Up you go, Katniss." The tears in his eyes were visible as he lifted Prim with an arm around her waist and walked her away from the fray. I watched as he struggled with Prim before she finally gave into the sobs and he mumbled soft words to her. Thankfully, the microphones couldn't pick up that. Tommy Fieldsworth's name was called and they showed Effie call him and him start to walk up to the stage but then the cameras cut back to Peeta who was now looking directly at me. Now, with the rest of the country, I could read what he was saying. "You'll be okay." "We'll be fine." "I'll find a way to keep you safe." And other things just as endearing. Caesar's voice cut into the video. And he narrated a bit, oohing and ahhing. Then they were back at the studio. "There you have it folks, were up for another exciting year with the Star-Crossed lovers from District 12. This is Caesar Flickerman. Good Night Panem!" The screen freezes on a picture of all the tributes. Peeta turns off the television but before he can leave I curl up and tuck myself into his side. His arms come around me like a shield. "I'm scared Peeta." "I know Katniss. I am too."