what you see, huh?" I ask teasingly as I pull my jeans on. He nods, swallowing loudly. This time last week you would have never caught me saying something like that, but now that I'm more comfortable with it, I do. But only when were in the bedroom like this, I'd never say this to him downstairs or anywhere else. There's still that voice of 'I shouldn't have said that.', but I reply 'Yes, he's now my husband'. He is, believe it or not. I stand there for a second, in nothing but my jeans and bra. I contemplate just for a second, but then I make a decision. I walk over to his side of the bed and straddle him. I know I shouldn't be doing this, but it's only to mess with him. Just like he did last night, when I thought we were going to, we were completely ready (bare skinned and all) when he whispered in my ear he was to tired. I told him 'pay backs a bitch'. And now he's about to learn that…. I put all my body weight on his groin, I can already feel he's hard, but two can play at this game that he started last night, I lean in, resting my hands on his chest, and give him one, quick, deep kiss before I bring my lips to his ear- "Do you want me?" I whisper. Having no clue where the words are coming from, I've only talked like this once, several nights ago. He nods his head in reply. I feel his breathing begin to get heavier then it was before. "How bad? Tell me how bad, Gale?" I whisper again in his ear. I know this "Bad. So bad." He replies breathlessly through gritted teeth. I grin and bite his ear, knowing how much he likes that. "Well…" I say, kissing his ear this time, knowing how he likes that. I give a good long pause before I finish my sentence. "… pay backs a bitch." I repeat those words to him and then I immediately get up and finish dressing. He's mad, but now he knows how I felt last night. I start silently laughing at what I just did to him. "Katniss!" He shouts. He's trying to be stern, but I can see the smile he's desperately trying to hold back. "You can't do that!" He adds. I start grinning. "Oh really, Gale? Because I'm quite sure you did the same thing to me last night!" I reply teasingly, still grinning like a bobcat. He gets up and stands in front of me while I pull down my shirt. "That's not the same, Catnip." He replies, finally releasing his grin he was trying to hold back. "Uh, I'm pretty sure it is, Gale." I reply, making him sound dumb. He takes picks me up just under my butt and pins me to the wall, he starts to lean in to kiss me but I dart out under his arm before he does. "Late Hon. I promise." I say with a wink. I grab my hunting boots and head downstairs. I know I shouldn't have done that to him, but he deserved that. He did do that same thing to me, it only made sense to do it back to him. I find myself still grinning while I take a seat at the table and start lacing my boots. A minute later while I'm side braiding my hair, Gale comes down to join me. Dressed in old hunting clothes. He looks at me and smiles. We both act like that never just happened because of course, were not in the bedroom anymore. We act as though we don't have an intimate relationship when were anywhere else. "Hungry?" He asks as he looks over the game we have. I shake my head no. It's a little bit harder now, but not much since we got married. Were still of course responsible for providing for our mother's and siblings. We still have to hunt for food, and we will still have to, even though Gale works and I'm about to. Any paid position in District 12 isn't much. It's something though. You can't complain. Gale grabs his jacket and tosses mine to me just as I'm standing. We put them on in silence and head out the door and into town. I contemplate quickly seeing Prim, but I'm already late and she knows where I'm supposed to be this morning. We walk hand in hand until we reach the center of the town, where I'll have to go one way, and Gale another. He turns toward me- "You'll do great in the meeting, Katniss. You know how nice Mrs. Mildred is, and the Principle." He says, wrapping his arms around my waist. I place my hands on his arms and nod my head. Knowing he's right, he's always right. He leans in and kisses my on the cheek then moves his lips to my ears- "I'll see you later. And remember, your in for it tonight." He says devilishly. This is the first time either one of us has spoken like this in public. But I assume it's another milestone were slowly crossing. He stands back up straighter and unwrapping his arms from me. "Love you." He says while starting to walk the opposite direction. "I love you, too." I reply. I turn my heels and head to the school. It's just up ahead, less then a minute walk. The meeting will consist of the 'rules' so to speak. What I'm acutely supposed to do. How I'm to act. How I'm supposed to act around the children. And their also give me my grade assignments. What class comes first and so on. I start Monday and I can already feel pressure. But I know this is what father wants. Nothing would make him happier. I take a deep breath as I open to front doors to the school…