asked why, and Annie answered that Finnick hated it. She's trying deliberately not to be anything like she was in high school. But it's been ten years, she should move on.) And by tell, Annie means Johanna hands her a book with a bunch of newspaper clippings stuffed inside of it, and tells her that the book tour is having an event in London next Tuesday. When she opens the book, she can't breathe. Sorry Annie-I'm sorry for everything sorry I fucked you up as much as me I'm sorry It's not an apology. Well it is. In fifty-seven thousand words, it's the story of Sam who was dragged across the country and given the chance to be anyone in the world, because it was a new start. Sam wants to be gold, to be loved, and he tried, and by all accounts he did it. But there was so much loneliness in Sam's life, peppered with humour and a lot of tears, as Sam is caught in his web of identities, lost and just wanting Stef back, and when he finds out she's cut him out of his life forever, he overdoses like his mother.. She read the book, and when she was done she cried. She cried over Finnick for the first time since high school. It was angry tears, because this boy fucked up her, made her nervous of ever being codependant. And this boy was incredibly lonely and insecure, not knowing if anyone would want to be his friend, and not willing to try. He was right. It is all fucked up. She goes to the event. Finnick looks a lot different from what she remembers. Gone is the designer clothes, instead he's wearing jeans and a button down. He sits on the edge of the table, with an Americano in his left hand and the microphone in his right hand. He makes easy conversation, doing a reading of when Sam and Stef get caught sneaking out of school to grab ice cream. She remembers that time, how it was barely May and it was chilly but ice cream was a good idea and she pushed him off the dock and he looked so shocked and pulled her in. His humour is self-deprecating, and still witty. He talks about pre-law and how he realized he would be telling lies that could hurt people, and he was just tired of hurting people. When asked if Pyrite Boy was nonfiction, Finnick laughs and deflects the questions, saying Sam and he aren't the same person, because Sam has reached his catharsis while he's not quite there. She stays in the back, when everyone gets dismissed. When the hotel conference room is empty, she approaches him. Annie looks different. Her hair is down, long and wavy. She looks warmer. He almost chokes on his coffee. He wasn't expecting her here. 'Hi.' Annie says. 'Hi.' He says hoarsely. Words come spilling out of his mouth, rambling and erratic, he's not sure if he's telling Annie he's sorry, or if he understands if she never wants to see him again, or congratulating her on her engagement. 'I think I hate you.' Annie says, cutting him off. She says quietly, like she's rather unsure. 'You're not supposed to hate your high school sweetheart, because your first love is supposed to stick with you forever. And it's supposed to good memories.' 'I'm sorry.' 'I know you are.' Annie said, 'But that doesn't change anything.' 'I love you.' He says, and he thinks it's the truest statement he ever told her. He did, there was no reason why he would have stayed with her if he didn't. 'I just-' 'You had a shit way of showing it.' 'I know.' 'Why are you here Finnick?' Annie asks. 'It's a book tour-' 'Why the book?' 'I-' He doesn't have an answer that she'll be satisfied with. I didn't know who I was, so I tried to figure out why, won't work on her. 'I want to tell the truth.' He said finally. 'That you love me Finnick?' Annie asks, and he sees tears that are she blinking back, and he remembers the thirteen year old girl who dressed up as Holly Golightly, who danced to Swan Lake and made everything a science experiment. The thirteen year old who laughed easily, somehow became a sixteen year old who watched what she ate, and never spoke unless she was positive she was right. Who knew her boyfriend who told her he loved was sleeping around, and broke up with her the morning after prom. And somehow that seventeen year old girl became the woman standing in front of him. 'I did-I do. And I know I know this isn't right and it's not fair and I can't-you're engaged and I just…I just wanted you to know.' Annie stares. 'I loved you.' 'Past tense?' It comes out before he can stop it, of course past tense; she's engaged. They were only together for almost four years, his longest relationship, but not hers. (Probably. There's a ten year gap in the history of Finnick and Annie. He doesn't know her. He wants to though.) 'Present.' She says softly, 'But it doesn't matter. We weren't real. We were fiction. I have spent years trying to figure out who I am, when I'm not Finnick Odair's girlfriend. You don't do that for just a high school relationship. But I did.' 'What are you saying?' 'I am in love with a liar.' Annie says. 'And if we ever got back together, you would destroy me.' 'I never meant to hurt you.' He whispers, 'I'm different, I've changed-' ( I'm lost, I'm lost and I think you can find me, he wants to tell her, I think you can tell me who I am .) Annie doesn't say anything, she turns and walks away. Finnick Odair is twenty-nine years old, alone in downtown London, and he is watching the one woman he loves walk away.