if you can't be helpful then just shut up and leave me alone.' She doesn't know when her voice became shaky or she started to cry, because she is more focused on the fact that she has just realize that she wants to date Finnick and it hurts. It hurts a lot. Johanna just stands there for several minutes before she sits on the bed and pulls the blankets over her. It hurts, going through the next two weeks without her phone, without Facebook or twitter. She avoids him like the plague, because now that she knows what she wants she also knows what she can't have and it hurts a lot more than it should. Finnick doesn't contact her either. Life goes on. And if Annie can't breathe during practise because she sees Finnick, she doesn't tell anyone. It's not until the last practise before winter exams that Finnick and her talk. She's doing another lap around the pool, and he's matching her stroke by stroke. It surprises her, but she's curious to see how long he gets tired matching her. He doesn't have the endurance or the stamina to do distance. It's almost an hour later, when she's winded that she stops, and Finnick is still matching her. 'I thought you did sprints.' She says, lifting herself on the edge of the pool. 'Better pay off and all that?' Her voice echoes around the pool. It's the first time they've talked in month. 'Yeah.' He says shortly. 'But someone told me distance was all about commitment. And it's worth it, sticking with it.' 'Are you changing then?' She asks, 'I'm not sure if Coach will be happy with his star sprinter suddenly swimming distance.' Apparantly it's the wrong thing to say, because there's a look of amusement on Finnick's face. 'Were you really bad at English? Or were you always that literal?' He asks. 'Yes?' She cocks her head, wringing the water out of her hair. 'I hate it when people talk in riddles and never say what they mean. Everything gets so complicated and its frustrating.' Finnick laughs, and she doesn't think he thinks what she says is funny. 'Yeah. It gets super frustrating when you finally get the nerve to kiss the girl you've liked for almost three years, and then have her pretend like you don't exist for three months.' 'Oh.' She flushes red, and tries to think of something to say. She fails. 'Yeah.' 'But I'm not...I'm not pretty or funny. I'm awkward and I don't like the music you listen to or laugh at all of your jokes, because you make bad ones. I don't like chick flicks and I cry over Disney. And I don't like dancing or tequila. Or actually not wearing clothing. Or heels. And I'm short. I'm not like them.' It comes out rushed, and there's undertones of "Why me?" but she never actually gets to ask it because Finnick's already started to answer her. 'I don't understand chemistry. And the weird documentary about medicine you watch on Discovery creep me the fuck out. I don't like The Trews or the weird hipster music. I hate sushi, because food should not be raw. I don't understand why the hell you like Playstation, and even more why you like Princess Peach. You always steal my hoodies, and you don't like Eddie Murphey movies. You love watching horror movies and you won't talk to anyone when Shark Week's on. You drink decaf coffee, and hate cats.' 'I don't get it.' Finnick lifts himself out of the pool, so he's beside her. 'They make it easy in the movies.' He mutters. 'Would you like me to push you in the water so you can pretend it's rain?' He laughs, and it's actually his real laugh. She beams. 'Look it sucks when we don't talk. I hate it. I miss breakfast and Breaking Bad. I miss arguing over what we could rename colours and trivia nights, although I am positive you are cheating. I miss going to the museum with sketchbooks and trying to draw the paintings with dicks somewhere hidden. I miss you really weird alarm clock. And I… fuck.' Finnick says, his hands in his hair and he looks nervous. She reaches over and rearranges his hair. He captures her hand and threads their fingers together. ' Yeah, okay I am not the person who is good at relationships. I've never had one longer than three months. And believe me, I didn't think I would want one. With anyone. Not just you. Not that you aren't fucking beautiful-you are. No it's just, you're the type of girl you want to marry and live happily ever after. And that freaks the fuck out of me. Because I'm twenty-two. My biggest goal is to graduate and Olympics. And probably law school. But other than that I have no clue. And then you come along and fucking…and you had a boyfriend and that just…god….' 'I don't know what you're saying.' She says honestly. 'I'm fucking this up aren't I?' 'You're doing it better than me.' She says, because they both know she wouldn't even have this conversation. 'I've never wanted a relationship before you.' Finnick says, looking her straight in the eyes, squeezing her hand tightly. 'And I probably won't one after you. Because I don't want an after you. I want a you and a me. And the Olympics. But you over the Olympics. ' Her breathe catches in her throat. 'Are you sure?' Before he can finish saying yes, she kisses him. And they fall into the pool. A/N: Someone I can't remember who, wrote this lovely story about Annie and Finnick on the swim team, and how Annie does distance. That resonated with me so clearly, that I had to write this. All metaphorical and such. Whoever wrote that, thank you. I truly loved it. My tumblr where more Odesta stuff is posted, including all of my Odesta works is seevikifangirl