Gale shook his head at the morbid thought; he didn't know what had gotten into him. Sure, Katniss seemed a little messed up in the brain at the moment, but he knew her. She wasn't psychotic. Completely. Wondering what could have gotten into his childhood friend, Gale thought back to when he ran into Katniss (literally). Hmmm . . . She was wailing and crying and seemed surprised to see me, so she must not have planned kidnapping me. She was obviously upset, but I wonder what could have caused such distress . . . After some thought, he arrived at the conclusion that Peeta had run out of cheese buns. -:- "I think they went this way." " That way? Why on earth do you think they went that way?" "Oh, I don't know, maybe it's the recent footprints, or the stomped undergrowth. Or maybe it's just the fact that I can hear them?" "Touché." Walking through the woods, Peeta and Delly easily managed to catch up with Katniss and Gale (who was pretty effective at clearing paths, apparently). In her angry and insane state, Katniss didn't notice the two admittedly loud people following her and her captive. That could have been because of Gale, though, who had seen his rescuers, mentally face palmed at the racket they were making, and tried to cover them up by being extra noisy. It seemed to work, because Katniss didn't realize she and Gale weren't alone until Peeta and Delly jumped out from behind a tree at her. "YOU CHEATING JERK! YOU DARE SHOW YOUR FACE HERE?!" Katniss screamed when she registered what was happening. Gale frowned thoughtfully; perhaps that was why Katniss was a bit off her rocker? "Katniss. Calm down. Nothing happened." Delly attempted to placate Katniss by holding up her hands in a sort of I surrender sign. If anything, it only seemed to aggravate her further. "Nobody gave you permission to speak, demon!" Taken aback, Delly blinked and looked at Peeta for backup, who said soothingly, "Katniss, why don't you come back home and we'll get you some cheese buns and we can talk this-" "NO! I'm not coming back with you ! Gale and I are going to have a fantabulous life in the woods and never talk to you again, because that's how deeply in love we are." At that, Katniss gazed deeply into Gale's eyes, who looked like a trapped animal. "Um, actually, I have a wife-" Katniss gasped. "Of course I'll marry you!" She attempted throw herself on Gale, but he backed away quickly. "I meant I have a wife in District 2. And a kid." Gale was looking quite uncomfortable as everyone stared at him, each with different expressions on their face. "It can't be that hard to believe," he muttered to himself right as Katniss exploded. "WHAT?! YOU'RE CHEATING ON ME, TOO?! HOW DARE YOU?!" Katniss looked downright murderous , but for once Gale wasn't fazed, even looking indignant. "So because I used to have a crush on you when I was a freaking teenager, it means that I cheated on you when I married someone else?! And you got married, too! We didn't even date, for crying out loud! Why would I still be hung over you?!" Katniss stared at him. "Because I'm fabulous," she said as if it should be obvious. They stared at her. She stared back. The staring contest was broken only when Delly hit Katniss on the head with a rock and she slumped to the ground. -:- Katniss dreamt she was frolicking through a lovely meadow covered in soft green grass—er, I mean, she didn't have any dreams . . . (She has to keep up appearances, after all.) But alas, she was pulled out of her dreamless slumber when she noticed voices talking in concerned tones. She wanted to go back to sleep, so naturally she had to get up fully to yell at them to keep it down. But as soon as she opened her eyes, the owners of the voices crowded into her field of vision and she immediately held back her outburst when she saw the worried expressions on their faces. "What's wrong?" she asked, looking back and forth between Peeta, Delly, and . . . Gale? What was he doing here? As weird as it was, Katniss put that thought on hold as the three exchanged glances. Delly was the first to speak. "Do you . . . remember what happened?" Katniss frowned at that. She did seem to not remember what had happened after she left to gather some plants . . . she had no idea how she ended up lying on the ground in the forest. But what had happened that would make them so hesitant to ask? As Katniss answered Delly's question in the negative and inquired about exactly what it was she was supposed to remember, the others again exchanged looks between themselves, looking as if they were wondering what to tell her. "Well . . . Let's just say you suffered from OOCD," Peeta said somberly. At Katniss's blank look, he elaborated, "It stands for 'out of character disorder.' It's caused by too many fangirls thinking they can make a character do whatever they want, even if it's completely random and inconsistent with their personality and the only thing that can cure it is, um, a hit to the head." Delly tried to look innocent—unsuccessfully—as Peeta finished. Katniss grimaced. " Oh. Was it bad?" They seemed to have gotten over their anxiousness, barely containing their laughter. "That's one way of saying it," Gale said as he shuddered. Katniss gave him a weird look, then shrugged, obviously think, I don't want to know. Once Peeta, Delly, and Gale calmed down, they all realized they were still sitting in the middle of the forest. As they stood up and started walking back to District 12, Gale broke the silence by saying, "So, anyone up for some soup?"