the second time Peeta Mellark's face pops into my head but I force the image away, making myself focus on the now. I look up at him, into the eyes that I used to know as well as my own and I realize that the reason I can't tell what he means is because he doesn't know either. Not really, not truly. He doesn't know what category I fit in, lover or friend. Only that he cares about me, that he loves me. "I know." I tell him. I know you're confused. I know you don't know what you want. And neither do I. He nods once, turning to leave once more. But I can't let him leave; I can't let him dismiss my plan so easily. I can't let him walk away when I know that we will die here if we don't do something. "You don't know what they are capable of Gale!" When he turns back to me this time his scowl is back and I find I prefer it there because at least it is something I'm used to, something I understand. "I was the one in the Games, I know what they are capable of." "Then why won't you see reason? We have to leave before we end up like District Eight!" I shout at him. The moment the words are out of my mouth I wish I could take them back. Because now he will never leave. He won't. This is what he has been waiting for his whole life. "What happened in Eight?" he says in a hushed voice, his eyebrows furrowed, his back straighter than it was before. "N-nothing." But Gale is no fool and he knows when I'm lying. My head drops as I say the words I know will be the end of him, of all of us. "I met these girls in the woods last week. They were from District Eight. They were dressed in Peacekeepers uniforms and I almost shot one of them." "Almost?" "I couldn't shoot it, I couldn't kill her." The admission makes Gale flinch but I continue onward. "But they told me they were from Eight that they escaped after the bombing." "There was a bombing?" "Yes. They escaped and have been traveling on foot to D13." Gales eyes narrow, "Why? There is nothing but rubble there." "That's what I told them. But they were persistent. They were hesitant to talk to me, I don't think they trusted me. They didn't tell me much, only that they believe there is unrest in other district too. "Which ones?" "I don't know." I look up at him questioningly, expecting the color to return to his cheeks for there to be excitement in his eyes. But I find his eyes calculating, his skin pale. "I thought this was what you always wanted." "It was." He says, his voice low. "It is. But things are different now. Complicated. Everything is complicated." He looks at me. "I can't leave." My hands begin to shake and I nod my head once. "I know. I knew you wouldn't be able to leave if you knew there was a chance at an uprising here. And that you can't leave them." "Catnip-" "Don't." I tell him harshly. I unwind the scarf from my neck, throwing it at his feet. "Here take the scarf, I don't want anything to do with the Capitol." He doesn't try to stop me as I grab my bow and quiver, marching away from the cement house. I know running away seems cowardice, but what else can we do? An uprising here would kill us all. My resolve hardens as I walk back to the fence. If Gale won't leave with me, than he'll be left behind here. My family and I could make it on our own in the woods just fine. You don't have to do this alone. Peeta's words come floating back to me. That's what he told me when he first began to talk to me during the Games. It's not the first time I've missed him, there's been plenty times before now. He's wrong when he said that he was just a stand in for Gale. He and I had something Gale and I never have had. It wasn't just the kissing either, Peeta understood me in a way no one else had, he was kind in a way I never knew was possible. And he cared, even when he shouldn't have. And suddenly I know that what I said to Gale was a lie. I couldn't leave Peeta. Not even if Gale had decided to go with me, I couldn't leave him. He's different, special. He's good. How do you ask a guy you haven't spoken to for months to suddenly run away with you? I guess a good way to start would be an apology. Which I have always been awful at. I shoot three squirrels on the way to the fence, figuring that bribery usually helps apologies along. And then, right when the fence is within view I see it, a fairly good sized turkey. It's still young by the look of it, and it's usual practice to let the young ones be until they get bigger. And I don't want to be lugging around a turkey while trying to talk to Peeta. Still, the bird could go for quite a bit, and Head Peacekeeper Cray has a particular love of the animal. And we could use a few extra coins with the storm coming in. I pull an arrow unto the string, aiming at the birds head and watching with satisfaction as the arrowhead embeds itself in the bird's eye. "Hope you're hungry Cray." Okay so how you all like it? I hope Katniss' POV brought a bit of insight into her head and where the story is headed. Anyways please REVIEW (even if you hated it) and I should have the next chapter to Smoke and Music Notes up soon!