'You're Finnick.' 'No I-' he's struggling with words and I don't know what to do, so I just stand there while he tries to string out sentences before he gives up and pulls three books from his bag on the floor. The first one is April's story, released only four days ago, the second is the first book in Skinny Bitches when Mary met Ryan, and the third is The Unbearable Lightness of Being . I can't breathe. 'I don't want you to be Tereza or April and I don't want to be Ryan or Tomáš ,' he tells me in a rush. 'I don't want to fuck other girls while there's a woman I love hurting because of it.' 'What are you saying?' I croak because I don't understand. This doesn't make sense it's not right. Finnick isn't supposed to be with Annie. Annie is the boring girl, the one who watches and waits and sees life go by being passive. Tomáš should have been with Sabina and Ryan with Mary. Not me. 'I'm in love with you.' Oh. Oh. 'But we don't make sense!' 'So?' Finnick says, 'It's been almost ten years of not making sense with you. Why can't you just realize we make sense and I'm fucking in love with you.' 'This is confusing.' I say more to myself, then to him. 'You're confusing. You're…you're-you love me?' 'I know.' 'No,' I say and I'm surprised borderline hysteria isn't in my voice. 'No you are not fucking quoting goddamn Star Wars at me. Not now. Tell me why the fuck are you in Prague?' I'm a smart girl; I can logically guess why a marine biologist with no need or attachment to Prague is actually here. But that's dangerous. That's something like hope that he wants me or loves me or misses me and I can't have that. 'I'm in love with you,' Finnick says it through gritted teeth, waving the book around like it's all he can do. 'I've been in love with you for years but you made it very clear I should move the fuck on.' 'How?' He almost throws Mary and Ryan's book at me, 'Well you fucking threw me-Ryan into some other girl-is it supposed to be Glimmer?' 'I hadn't met Glimmer yet,' I tell him. Glimmer, pretty blonde and a small smile that looks like it was carved with knives is the lawyer for my books. My voice drops, 'You read them?' 'Of course!' Finnick looks insulted like he'd have read anything but, 'I buy them the day they come out and read them that same day!' 'But why? They're not deep or educational or about fish!' ' Because you wrote them. ' I stare and he's glaring me down, silently yelling at me if I interrupt him. 'You wrote them Annie, so why wouldn't I read them?' He called me Annie. He hasn't called me Annie in years, not since-not since the first of the Skinny Bitches books was published. Not since Mary and Ryan got together. 'And I spent-I spent,' Finnick swallows like these words are hard to say and he doesn't want to say them but he has to say them to make things make sense, because I'm off in my head and I don't know what to do anymore because oh my god Finnick told me he loves me. Me. 'I spent three fucking years thinking fine, yeah okay fuck it hurts like a motherfucker because I'm in love with my best friend, my roommate and Jesus Christ you were sleeping with Gale. Gale. But you made it super clear that we were only best friends and that's all. And then you got so fucking upset when people told you Ryan and April were in love and what was I supposed to think Annie? You were disgusted over the idea of us together even in fiction. And then you left.' Finnick exhales and he's not looking at me, but on a little splotch in the wood floor. 'You left and it was hell. I didn't know what to do with myself.' Finnick says, still looking at the floor. The tips of his ears are ready and his voice is uneven and forced calm. 'Everything was wrong, everything hurt and I told myself not to chase after you because that doesn't work in real life. And then you—and then you published this,' he motions to April's story, brand new but the spine is bent and the pages already thumbed through. 'And I find out that April's been in love with Ryan for almost as long as I've been in love with you and fuck I got on the plane because I don't want there to be a French man or a Prague man or a…a whatever. I just want there to be me.' He finishes out of breath and staring me down. I didn't notice I was holding the door knob and the door frame as support, until Finnick moves closer to me, almost close enough that I could stand on my tip toes and kiss him, but there's a gap between us, one for me to breach. 'You're…you're in love with me.' It's meant to be a question, but it comes out like a statement. 'Since college,' Finnick says, something shinning in his eyes, blindingly bright. 'Madly, deeply completely and thoroughly in love with you.' I nod, flipping those words over and over inside my head. Me. Finnick is in love with me. 'Do you love me?' his voice is small, like a boy not a grown man and there's a lack of confidence of suave that Finnick usually projects. He's scared, nervous I'm going to reject him on this door step in Prague. 'Yes,' I say breaching the distance between us. It's this look of love in his eyes, I'm completely inept to describe it, but its love and I just can't believe it. 'Yes I do.' I kiss him and maybe things make some sense.