like it's going to explode-holy fuck you are way too young to be dying by a heart attack but what the hell. She's going to die. Annie Cresta is a ghost girl and you knew this, haven't forgotten this but wow this is not something you want to happen. 'I'm going to die aren't I?' she says, soft like moonlight. 'I'm going to die like Es…oh fuck I was…fuck.' You stick your hands in your pockets, rubbing the palms against the rough denim of your pants. You don't know what to do, but the thing is you do. You know this moment, this overwhelming bleakness, trying to accept that you will die after already accepting it. You hand catches on the small bag of white powder, you toss at her. 'Seriously?' she asks, catching it, holding it up by slender small fingers, looking at like it's crystal in the moon light. 'It helps you forget,' you say, feeling self-conscious. You don't do this. You don't share you drugs, you way of coping because god you don't want people to know. It's just one of the many secrets of Finnick fucking Odair. The best fucking whore, always for a good time, burning his brain with white powder ironically called snow just so he can fucking sleep without screaming himself hoarse because there are seven kids who are dead dead dead like fucking animals because you speared them like shiskabobs and oh god you just want to live but fuck you should have died. 'Really?' 'No. But it makes everything less.' She weighs your words, before ripping the small bag open and making a small mountain of powder on the coffee table. You move beside her, so close you can feel her body heat but you touch. 'Let me,' you cut two lines, about three inches long and you watch her hesitate. Her eyes are a storm, infused with steel but there's hesitation. You wait. She leans forward, one hand pressing against her nostril, the other holding back her long twisting waving hair and she inhales. She coughs and sputters half way through the line, common for someone who's never snorted before, but she recovers and finishes the line. She sits back and exhales, her eyes closes and her head tilt. You can feel her hair on your arm. 'You've got some-'you move without thinking, touching her in the valley by her nose where some powder has stuck. It's electric down your spine, every nerve on fire and she's so cold to touch but you feel like you're on fire. You let go of her face and do your line without a break, inhaling you sit back and you try not to think but oh you can only think. You leave her on the couch and go to bed. You don't sleep, but you do. You only leave bed when it's four in the afternoon and someone needs you to fuck their daughter because she can't get a boyfriend. When you come back, it's only ten at night but Mags and the boy-jesus what is his name-are in bed. Annie, the ghost girl, the girl who burns you while feeling ice cold and the girl who snorted a line with you in the moon light, the girl whose sister you got killed, is waiting for you. 'Seven.' You blink, and then you figure it out. 'That's not too bad. It's average.' 'So I won't be the first person to die, maybe I'll make it to the third day.' 'Don't do a feast.' 'I'm about to die, not stupid.' You rock on the balls of your feet. This is too real but what else would it because she was always going to die. She was always going to die. 'Night Annie,' you say and you go to your room. Tomorrow when you wake up, she'll be in a race against time. There's a knock on your door, and you fall out of bed, sheets tangled around you feet, and fuck you do have to shave tomorrow morning-this morning whenever the fuck it's more awake time. You're not sure what you're expecting but Annie in the doorframe, with moon light isn't really on your list. 'What you said, earlier about the couch being uncomfortable,' she shifts on her feet, looking you straight in the eye, playing with the hemline of the off white nightie that's a bit too big for Annie Cresta. 'And your bed being open, is that still a thing?' Oh. Oh. She's asking. She's asking and you know what she's asking and she's waiting and this is something that you don't really know what to say. Actually you do. 'Yeah, yeah it is.' You move aside and she walks past you, sitting on the edge of the bed, looking at you like she's waiting for you to make a move. You close the door, and you walk towards her. You're in between her legs and you can count every eye lash, and every freckle on her face but you still haven't touched her. 'You sure?' 'Yeah.' You kiss her. It's a tumble backwards, with wisps of fabric, her cotton nightie, your boxers are just things that stop you from feeling skin in between. It's frantic and fast and when it's skin on skin and you're whispering words that blur, that you mumble into her hairline, into her mouth as she drags her nails down your back and you want forever in heart beats and oh you're not a whore right now, no you're a boy-no a man and she's a woman and oh oh oh You fall asleep listing to her heartbeat, blankets twisted around your waist and sweat drying on your skin. When you wake up, the bed is empty and the television says that a cannon has already gone off. A/N: Again this isn't at all how I think Annie's games went, but Birdie asked me to write her a dark one so I did. My tumblr is seevikifangirl