he thought for sure she wouldn't show. He almost thought she wouldn't show. After all, he did try to strangle her. As she entered the room, he stared at her for a few minutes, unsure of what to say. Katniss seemed cold and distant towards him. He didn't understand. Prim and Haymitch had told him she loved him. Her actions and his memories hadn't proved them right. Katniss wasn't being honest with him either. He wanted - no he needed- to know whether or not she loved him. He needed to hear the words from her. He didn't care what everyone else thought; he needed her to be honest with him for once. When she stormed out he knew she would never give that to him. He knew she'd chosen Gale when he saw her sitting next to him, laughing with Finnick. He felt himself being drawn to their table. No matter how much she hurt him or how angry he was, she was like a magnet pulling him towards her. He appreciated Delly and Johanna accepting his presence. He wondered what it might've been like had he been rescued alongside Katniss. Would it feel more natural to sit with everyone? Peeta didn't like how the others treated him, as if he owed them for being alive. "That should count for something," Katniss had boasted. "Yeah a lot of things should count for something that don't seem to, Katniss. I've got some memories I can't make sense of, and I don't think the Capitol touched them. A lot of nights on the train, for instance," Peeta answered. That last comment was just as much for Gale's benefit as it was for Katniss. He wanted Gale to hurt just as much as he did. And those nights spent fighting off nightmares must've meant something to her. There were no cameras rolling then. Peeta was enraged at himself for starting the star-crossed lovers act, and bitter towards Katniss for keeping with the act when she was obviously with Gale and jealous of Gale for holding Katniss' heart. After Katniss and Gale walked away, Delly yelled at Peeta for treating Katniss so terribly. "I've never seen you treat anyone like that, and Katniss deserves it the least," she'd said. Then a flash of a memory came to Peeta: when Katniss told Peeta she couldn't live without him. She needed him. And that kiss. He'd never been kissed like that before. The memory faded and he realized that it wasn't real. Katniss chose Gale. He felt crushed and rejected but also wild and vengeful. He didn't like feeling isolated from Katniss. Every so often he could remember how much he loved her so clearly that he could still feel it somewhere inside him. Katniss didn't say goodbye. Peeta knew he didn't have the right to be sad about that. He was shocked when Coin said she was sending him into the field. Not as shocked as the rest of Squad 451. He began to resent Katniss for making him feel so blemished and ashamed. It was clear that his mere existence provoked a rage in her that she felt he should be punished for. He only wanted to be near her. He wanted to remember the way it felt when their friendship was easy. He wanted to grasp onto the sensation of being wanted that he'd faintly remembered when drawing back in District 13. Finnick showed him that tying knots helped distract his thoughts. It worked as long as Katniss wasn't around. When she was around, there were a thousand questions he wanted to ask but was too uncomfortable to try. He sensed her discomfort as well and chose simpler questions, questions that only required answers she could give anybody instead of the more private details she wouldn't want disclosed to anyone, even Gale. She had asked Peeta to sleep with her, real or not real? She had only kissed him for the cameras, real or not real? They had shared a sunset together, real or not real? Conversation became easier with Katniss, which pleased Peeta. The tension between them decreased, and their exchanges felt more natural. When Katniss admitted to protecting Peeta even after trying to kill her, he remembered the tender and warm feeling he felt in the cave in their first Games. Her kiss brought him back to reality, and he remembered the moment they agreed not to die without the other. She treated his wounds, and he remembered they were both willing to die to let the other live. When she hugged him, telling him to be safe, not to kill himself unless absolutely necessary, he remembered how passionate and exhilarating their last kiss on the beach had been. Watching Prim burn paralyzed Katniss, watching Katniss burn frightened Peeta into action. He pulled her from the fire at the same time the rebels contained Snow and claimed victory. He didn't understand how Katniss and Haymitch could agree to host one last Hunger Games until he watched Katniss aim her bow at Coin. He was already rushing towards Katniss when the arrow hit its mark, needing to shield her from anyone who might've been loyal to Coin. He swore time slowed down, and his heart stopped beating when she lifted her shoulder and turned her head with her mouth open, letting him know she had decided her own fate. Peeta boarded the train, ready to face the only demons he had left, the demons that still resided in District 12. He reached into his pocket and grasped onto the pearl that had fallen out of Katniss' pocket as he pulled her from the fire, he smiled at the memory of giving it to her, a token he'd hoped she would hang onto in memory of him. Finding the pearl erased any doubt he'd had about her affections. With one last look, he threw the pearl out of the train window. Katniss wouldn't need any memories of him. He was going home.