didn't say 'go', cheater!" I yell at him, laughter in my voice as I take off after him. Peeta and I is the one thing that hasn't changed, or maybe it has but for the better. He laughs as I quickly catch up to him, and I stick my tongue out at him as I pass him, my legs pumping fast. The bell hanging over the bakery door jingles loudly as I throw open the door, throwing my hands up in victory. "I win!" I cry out as Peeta dashes in, his face red from the run but his smile is still just as bright. "Madge, so nice to see you." I turn to see Barley Mellark, Peeta's eldest brother, standing behind the counter. I open my mouth to return the sentiment when I hear someone cursing in the back room where all the ovens are held. "Can I get some help here!" Barley and Peeta both look at each other in mild amusement, rushing to the back room. They come back not a moment later, a large tray of steaming hot bread and rolls in their hands. "Geez, Rye, you know not to take the large tray out without assistance," Barley scolds. Rye rolls his eyes, "Well that's what I was asking for, assistance." I giggle softly as the brothers continue to argue, shaking my head at their shenanigans. "Hiya Madge!" Rye says as the boys place the tray on the counter, taking the hot bread careful off the tray and into the display case on the counter. "Back so soon? Did you miss me that much?" I laugh as he playfully winks at me. "Well of course I did!" He grins, elbowing his brothers, "See I told you I was her favorite!" I laugh again, helping them stack the display case full of the fresh bread and other baked goods. "Good morning boys." "Good morning Dad," the boys reply. I look up from my work to see Mr. Mellark descending the stairs that leads to the living quarters above the shop. "Good morning Mr. Mellark," I say cheerfully. He smiles at me, rolling up his sleeves to help us. "Well good morning, Madge. Good to see you again. How have you been?" "I've been well, thank you." I watch as the Mellark men bend over the tray of freshly baked breads. It's obvious where Peeta and his brothers got most of their looks, as well as their temperament. I've never heard Peeta's mother speak lower than a screech, and she's been known to go into fits of anger and is not one to spare the rod. I've made a number of cold ice packs for the Mellark brothers over the years. But Mr. Mellark would never raise a hand to his boys, although he is not one to intervene with his wife's methods of punishment either. Still, I find him much nicer company then his wife. "Well," he says once we cleared the tray. "Which two are working today?" All at once the brothers point a finger at each other, causing me, as well as their father, to laugh. "No way am I working again!" Rye says. "I worked four days this week!" "I got a date with Cecilia, and if I cancel one more time she's going to kill me!" Barley shouts back at Rye. "Besides I worked yesterday, its Peeta's turn." "I worked yesterday's night shift!" Laughter bubbles out of me as I watch them fight, knowing at any second it could turn into a wrestling match between the three. "My money's on Rye," I tell Mr. Mellark jokingly. He chuckles, shaking his head at his children. "Alright, boys, since you can't decide who's working, Miss Undersee will decide for you." "What!" I cry out in horror as I watch the brothers turn their sights on me. Before I can say another word, Barley is pleading his case to me, telling me about how upset his girlfriend will be. Rye carelessly pushes his way in front of him to beg for the day off, complaining of back and neck ache from all the exertion and even rubbing his neck to demonstrate. Peeta, on the other hand, simply yells out, "I'm your best friend!" I cover my mouth with my hand to hide my grin. This is why I always want to come here with Peeta, the Mellarks-except for the Missus that is- still treat me like they always have. The Mellark brothers have always looked at me as an adopted sister, especially Peeta and Rye, who are only two years older than us. Barley is four years my senior, but he is still just as sweet as his younger brothers. And even though they argue and rough house as they are doing now, they still always look out for one another and are very protective of each other. They're still staring at me and I realize I've yet to say anything. I take my hand off my face, trying to appear professional, but my smile gives me away. "While you all make very valid points, I'm afraid I have to save Peeta." Rye and Barley groan, and Peeta laughs, slapping his brothers playfully on the backs. I grin as I watch them when I hear a loud knocking on the back door of the bakery. Barley pushes past me and Peeta, to the door, muttering about something. I keep my eyes glued to the tile floor of the bakery as Barley opens the door with a polite greeting. "The baker here?" An all too familiar voice asks and I feel my whole body go numb. Sooo? What did everyone think about the first chapter? I know I'm going more allot more away from the book but I thought it be nice to do something a little different. I know it's short(sorry!) but I'm already finished with the second chapter! So pleeeeease review! As always reviewd will get a kiss from Peeta/Rye/Barley/GALE :D Thanks for reading everyone!