her, tilting her chin towards him with absurdly gentle fingers. There's no hiding the tears now; she doesn't even know how long he's been watching her. Creep. "Girls cry, big boy. Get used to it. You can count on hysterics tomorrow." Removing her face from his touch, she turns to face the 'fire'. Can the Capitol do anything right? At least they know how to murder children. Life isn't completely boring. "You know how to handle yourself, Clove. You have nothing to worry about tomorrow." "Of course I don't," she snaps. Tomorrow, alliances will be intact; knives will be in abundance. For the first day of the Games, they will have a common interest- death- and they will be united by that. What does he take her for, a miner's rat from 12? "But you're-you're still...crying." "Charismatic Cato, fumbling with his words," she comments. "Marvelous description skills." "Shut up," Cato mutters, lacking his typical venom. She sees him move in her peripheral vision: a subtle shift of gold and black. Then Clove is wreathed in his arms, her back curved into the other tribute's lean abdomen. His legs are braced against her own. Stiff with surprise, she forgets to push him away. "What are you doing?" Clove growls, remembering after a moment she ought to be both disgusted and cautious. Her struggles are futile. She's tiny, and he's sculpted with muscle. Cinched above her waist, his arms refuse to move. "Being nice." Unlikely. Clove has her suspicions that Cato's ulterior motive lies somewhere in her pants. "Go be nice to Glimmer," she retorts. "She's been looking disgustingly needy all night." She knows that while half of the preening earlier was for the Capitol, the other half was reserved for Cato. Clove isn't sure why, considering Glimmer has gotten everything she's wanted, and, knowing Cato, probably then some. Cato sighs against her neck. He mumbles, "You don't get it, Clove." But she does get it. She wasn't good enough for him, and his stint with blondie was. She hurt him with words, as she is so very often inclined to do, and of course Glimmer was there when he retreated. She wouldn't dare insult him. "I don't care, Cato," she tells him, trying again to free herself. If her aim is going to be perfect tomorrow, then she needs sleep. Cuddles with Cato are not conducive to sleeping. "Let me go." He refuses, sounding petty. "No, Clove. Can't make me." She grits her teeth at this, because she probably can't. Digging an elbow into his ribs offers no relief. She turns her head; his lips are suddenly inches from hers. They brush against her mouth and Clove knows she can't make herself let him go. Not until tomorrow. The kiss is sweet, chaste, and she wonders if this is some kind of residual aftereffect of Glimmer. If Glimmer has stolen his fury in a midnight carnal exchange. She wants to pull away because, paranoid, she thinks she can faintly taste Glimmer on his lips. He may be cradling her, but it's with five times the strength she possesses. She can't move, because she's crumbling against his will and his lips. Later, she'll think back, hating how pliable she became in his touch. As if she were a shell with none of Clove's fire, drinking in the heat and taste of Cato through his mouth just to feel something. As if she's already dying, already dead, and the boy holding her can kiss her back to life. Clove didn't know Cato could kiss like this. Cato's lips like to bruise and his teeth like to bite. But he's not doing either. He's so gentle it nearly pains her. She wants more than these butterfly touches, the soft mingle of their tongues. She pushes against him, retaliates against his tenderness by capturing his lower lip with her teeth. His eyes flutter closed, those bright, blazing blue things she can barely stand to stare at for more than a few seconds. Breaking away, his breath is hot, erratic against her ear. It's dangerously shy of panting; apparently, kissing Clove is the equivalent of running an impromptu five-mile jog. She's not actually sure what it takes to get Cato breathing so heavily. It's not quite Clove's breath she can't catch, but her heart, beating too fast beneath its thin constraints of flesh and bone. And she knows they shouldn't, because tomorrow they're in the fucking Hunger Games , but they move in a tangle anyway towards her room. Mutually, they both understand that Cato's room is off-limits. It's sullied. So they collapse on her bed, even though they shouldn't, and Cato kisses her again in a way devoid of anger, the only kind of passion Clove thinks he can possess. Clove needs more, but he's insistent on this sweet thing. Languid as his touches are, they spark fire beneath her skin. She writhes, but still, she's burning, and the flames drag her down where she feels all her want and need and hungry, hungry desire. Consumed, but not by him, not yet. It's a one-sided fight. Clove pushes for more, for the gritty lust Cato has already displayed, and Cato simply accepts what she throws at him, swallows it deep. Their clothes are shed. Clove doesn't care where they fall. Because they're drowning in each other, lost in their moans and sharing an inferno. The friction between them is slick with sweat, and Clove gasps out for an acceleration in their tempo. Cato kisses her words away. Theirs is a slow-burning torture, and he likes it. "You're a masochistic monster," Clove growls; together they've found a new kind of pain. She arches against his broad chest, slams her hips into his until he breaks. They give into speed; they give into each other, until in a cataclysmic flare of euphoria, Clove realises all she's ever trained for has been for nothing. She is nothing. She doesn't stand a chance because already, Cato has killed her.