'sighs' "They're calling me back downstairs. Haymitch and Katniss aren't too happy that I didn't train." he looked upset at the thought of leaving. And truthfully, I was too. He stands up and follows the Avox to the elevator, but before he sets foot inside he runs back to me "I'd like to do this again, maybe tomorrow after training?" my body does that thing again where it goes numb and I can't think. I just nod like an idiot. His response was a warm smile, causing my pulse to sky rocket. He walks back to the elevator, the doors close making me lose sight of Peeta Mellark. How the hell can this boy do that? I've slept with both men and women, the only thing they were capable was getting me hard. What makes him so different? Half of me wanted kill Peeta for making me feel so weak. How dare he make me succumb to my emotions. But if I kill him, where does that leave me? 'sigh' the loss of Peeta on the roof makes me yearn for him. I need to keep him close to figure this out more. The only thing he leaves me to do is to add him to the Career pack.~ The anthem pulls Cato out of his memories. He looks up already knowing whose face was going to light up the sky, only one canon went off today. He wanted to see his baker one last time, but he was only met with the nameless face of girl from District 7. "What the fuck?" Clove exclaims as she puts out the fire. Cato stood up as if the height difference would make the face any clearer. 'He's alive. He's still alive and with me here.' "Clove hurry up. I'm leaving with or without you." Cato was too happy to be sitting still and waiting. Meanwhile, Clove was absolutely fuming behind Cato at her failure "Just because he isn't dead, doesn't mean he isn't crippled." Cato ignored her remark. "Attention tributes, attention. There will be a feast at the Cornucopia this sunrise, and it won't be just any feast. All of you need something, something important. Thank you, and may the odds be ever in your favor." the booming voice of Claudius echoes throughout the arena. And on cue, a cold chill runs through Cato's body. A blanket and sleeping bag would be nice. Cato's body tenses up when he's struck with the realization of all the announcements. There were only two pairs of same district tributes, the Careers and the star crossed lovers. Which was more likely to get the Capitol's attention? Katniss must have Peeta with her. That's why the feast is so important! There must be something there for Peeta's injury. A plan starts formulating in Cato's head. Katniss has to be going to the feast in a few hours, and when she takes the bag he'll ditch Clove and follow her back to his baker. "Clove, we're going to the Cornucopia. We'll wait for the other tributes and hunt them down from there." Clove follows him obediently through the forest. It takes a few hours to make it to the clearing where the Careers use to occupy. Once they make it they take refuge in the bushes. They sit silent and patient until the dark sky slowly transforms into a dark azure blue. A few minutes later the first rays of sunlight peer through the clouds. "Cato look." the ground in front of the mouth of the Cornucopia opened up and a table full of numbered backpacks. Clove gasped "That clever bitch." from the corner of Cato's eye he can see the red head girl run out the mouth and sprint away with her backpack. She must have gotten there right before they did. "Cover me." he says before sprinting towards the backpack marked 2. Before he turns back to their hiding spot, curiosity got the better of him. He ran over to the bag marked 12 and opened it. There was a large hypodermic needle. Good, this meant Peeta would survive. Before he placed it back down, he grabbed the bread from the bag he was already carrying and placed it in Peeta's. 'District 2 Stoney bread. You're the one that told me about it, you'll know I'm still here for you.' Cato sprinted back to Clove "You jackass, can you get your head out of his ass for once?" Cato ignores her and takes a seat by a tree trunk. He opened the pack and was glad to find two sets of blankets, sleeping bags and some dried fruit and jerky. Ever since the explosion food and sleep accessories have been low or non-existent. The two wait in the bushes for anymore tributes. About a half hour later rustling can be heard from the other side of the clearing, Katniss was sprinting for her pack. "She's mine" Clove exclaims before sprinting after her. She wanted more than anything to kill the Girl on Fire from taking all the attention away from the Careers. Clove tackles the girl to the ground and has her pinned. 'Shit, if she dies, so does Peeta.' as Cato was about to exit his hiding spot, Thresh sprints to the girls. He lifts Clove by her neck, he says something incoherent to Clove and slams a rock onto her skull. A canon confirms her death. Cato smirks ' Only wish I could have done it.' thresh grabs his bag before sprinting into the forest. Katniss jumps up and runs into the forest. Cato waits before running into the forest after her. She was the only way he was going to find Peeta. 'I'm coming for you Peeta. I swear to you I'll find you and you'll be mine again.' (A/N) let me know how you guys feel about this so far. I already know where I'm going with this story and I plan to make it only three chapters. Thanks for reading!