far. He scoffed and leaned his head back. "Your kidding me? Why would I need a job? The one who needs a job is you ." He said that rude and smooth. Fiery buries in my brain. I quickly snap at him. "I already do! And I don't need your opinion!" He suddenly starts staring at me again. Not just my eyes, but me. He studies me with his blue eyes. Cold and solid. Something's going on his brain right now; the fact that he's dropping the response he's supposed to return. "Hey Katniss," Prim says, opening the door to let Katniss in. "How was it?" She asks curiously. Katniss dumps her bag on the staircase. Katniss throws on a false smile to Prim, sighing. "It was fine." She says simply. Prim follows her to the kitchen, and hops on the wooden stool that sits beside one of the counters. "What do you want for-" "Is he nice? What's his name? How old is he? What happened?" She squeals, clamping her fists together in excitement. Katniss chuckles, and pats her head gently. "His name is Cato ;" "Ready?" Madge asks. Katniss & Madge enters the school quickly and soundlessly, crossing their fingers that they wouldn't be followed again. Luckily, they're together this period. They both found two empty stools siting at the back of the room. The two girls hurries toward the seat, uncomfortably paranoid as if someone would unexpectedly slip in before them. The chemistry teacher, Seneca Crane enters the room with his brand-new clipboard, stroking the neatly printed words on the paper. He clears his throat, and pulls out his pen. "Good morning class;" He coughs. "As you know, my name is Seneca, Seneca Crane, your one and only chemistry teacher. Now, before we begin your assignments, you are to be paired up with a partner with your choice." The students smiled, mouthing "Yes"s. Katniss & Madge immediately turns to face each-other, grinning in excitement. "And your partner will be your partner the whole semester. Choose wisely, so I wouldn't have to deal with students coming up to me, begging to exchange." He finished. "Is that a yes?" Katniss asks, tucking in her side bangs behind her ear. Madge giggles and nods, fluttering her long eye-lashes. "Ah, are you Katniss Everdeen?" A voice says beside Katniss. Their heads shot up and sees their chemistry teacher, tapping his clipboard with his delicate feather pen that has impressively hand-made designs of thin curls, similar to his beard. "Yes." "The principle ordered me to assign you and upperclassmen...Cato Hadley as lab partners. Is that fine with you?" He says, unsure. Katniss holds her index finger in the air, asking herself if it's okay to no. Thinking twice, she remembers that it's her job and mission to help this boy, and it's also for her mother and sister. They'll be counting on her. "Uh-Uh-Yes. Yes. Of course." "Lovely answer." He replies without sarcasm. "I believe the young man will be arriving less then a minute. And you sweetie, could you move over there a join that gentlemen there?" He says to Madge as he points to a shy boy whose siting alone on the other side of the room. Madge, disappointed, grabs her books and hesitatingly heads toward the boy. The teacher turns his back to Katniss and returns to his desk. Shortly, Cato Hadley enters the room, quick and smooth towards Katniss with his bag, being hung lazily over his shoulder. All the girls except Katniss & Madge immediately drops what their holding. They pathetically squeal in surprise, whipping their hair over their shoulders, praying that he'll maybe come around and sit next to them. "Sorry I'm late;" He says to the teacher as he pulls himself sitting next to Katniss, whose facing the other way. Seneca grunts in response, and picks up a marker from the white board racket. Cato purposely slides the stool farther away from Katniss, pulling himself a meter apart. Katniss rolls her eyes at the sound of the stool's leg scraping the floor tiles. He is simply trying his greatest to avoid Katniss. Just not for long. Crane spent the whole period explaining the progress of the assignment and the important facts, coughing every so often. Katniss listens carefully to every single word he says while taking notes in her notebook, cautiously recording the details down. She knew that she'll have to give credit to Cato even though he'll do nothing at all. Nothing. Crane dismisses, and Cato leaves the room without a word to Katniss. She didn't mind. Of course. It is never surprising to anyone. He hadn't really done anything the whole period. It's either texting his friends or day dreaming about the things he dislike. He never listens in class or does the homework. He doesn't care about education. He's stubborn and spoiled. He asks his father in his head the same question everyday: Why do I need education when you & I have all this money to spend? The bell rings. Students run out, cheering loudly. Katniss slams her locker closed and heads to the nearest exist of the school. People nearly knocked her to the ground when she crossed the main hallway. She scowled and pushed them out of the way. Shes going to find Cato whether he likes it or not. She finds him outside the school with his friend Marvel, playing basketball. Original. They didn't notice her until she caught Marvel's shoot through the hoop. Marvel smiles mischievously at the scene; a girl had just interrupted two attractive guys' game. Unusual. "Hey it's you!" Marvel salutes Katniss, waving his hand in the air. He's rarely rude or aggressive. His appearance is simple; Shiny dirty blond hair, hazel eyes and a slim body shape. He isn't popular, but he's well known for being attached to Glimmer. " Yes , it's me." Katniss rolls her eyes, and tosses the orange basket-ball to Marvel. "Can I borrow Cato for a minute?" ...