A hatred that would eventually lead to her self-destruction, yet nonetheless a hatred she decided to leave unattended to allow it to grow. Like a cancer, it would spread, seeping into every orifice of her being. Right now, however, she didn't care. Right then, she hated herself more than anything. It was Cato's fault , she'd try reasoning, Cato, trying to appear like the good-guy while I'm the crazy psycho bitch, pointing and waving the arrow around while he just stands there, unarmed! Cato, for making me seem like the monster! Cato, for showing me how easily my life is shattered once Peeta went away... Cato, for revealing how monstrous I really am within... Me... I truly am a monster... No! It was the heat, that was all. The Games, they tended to do that to people. Make them go crazy. Briefly, Katniss supported this idea with the memories of that male Tribute who'd eaten his victims, to that one back from District 4 who'd had to be institutionalized for going mad after she was the only one who could survive the flood that had wiped out the others in the Arena. When you were in the Arena, you really weren't yourself. The Games... they made innocent children fight. The Tributes... they didn't want to hurt anyone. Everyone just wanted to survive. It wasn't their fault... none of them were really monsters... except, of course, Cato. Cato, who had killed her Peeta. Cato, who was now stripping himself of the flesh-coloured mesh-netting body armour that he had so clearly coveted and treasured as soon as he had gotten it. When Katniss heard the defence-mechanism fall to the floor, she knew then that she couldn't take it anymore. There he stood, as tall and overpowering as ever, sword in hand and stripped of his fleshy body-armour. But why? briefly, Katniss tried to ascertain as to why at all he had made himself completely and utterly vulnerable to her arrows in the first place, but to no avail. If anything, it baffled and agitated her all the more. Katniss didn't like it one bit. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" she screamed furiously now, all common-sense and inner-peace demolished, "Why aren't you trying to kill me already? Isn't that what you wanted; to make me suffer and then to kill me? That's why you killed Peeta, wasn't it?" she shouted, almost hysterical, "You killed him just to make me suffer! From Day One you've always wanted to make me suffer defeat and die a slow, agonizing death! Well congratulations Cato, you've done it! I'm broken!" she confessed, as her mask fell apart, "So just do what you came to do - kill me! Do it then, Cato! Finish your job!" she implored angrily at him, voice trembling. "Kill me!" Panting while her lungs burnt and chest heaved, Katniss let the bow clatter unceremoniously to the floor as she bent over, hands on knees, trying to catch her breath. Don't cry Katniss, don't cry... she told herself angrily, don't show them weakness, you pormised Peeta... don't cry... Now, Cato took action. Taking one lumbering step forth, Katniss felt the pace of her heart quicken profoundly as she took an unsteady step back, hastily picking up her bow and arrow in defence. This is it, she thought, with almost a sense of relief flitting in through the fear settling in, he's back. Cato, the murderer, now off to finish you. You have to kill him, Katniss, She told herself, this is your last chance. Another step forth. Approaching her very slowly, almost cautiously, Katniss quickly whipped her unkempt braided head around to ensure she didn't fall off, before taking another wary step back. A Survivor? she heard a voice sneer within her head, pathetic. A Survivor wouldn't take a step back from their enemy. What a coward. "I will kill you!" Katniss screeched, hands shaking quite visibly now. And yet, Cato walked on, finally stopping right in front of her, their warm bodies mere centimetres apart. "Then do it." he stated, voice devoid of any arrogance or even a hint of taunting, "Kill me." She felt feverish, double-checking to see if she was hallucinating. It was her bad-ear, she was sure of it. Throwing everything off, making everything not make sense. Cato, throwing away the opportunity to kill her himself? It was crazy! Surely she was delusional. Maybe I have gone insane afterall, Katniss inwardly mused with a bitter warmth seeping throughout her body. And, to Katniss' utter and complete horror and dismay, she couldn't do it. It was a brutal and ugly truth, and yet it was completely real in every way. Katniss Everdeen could not do it. She'd killed before, the boy who'd killed Rue being one of them, but now... angrily, Katniss clenched her fists, nails creating crescent-shaped indentations in her flesh as she struggled to come to terms with her situation. It was dumb, and it didn't make sense at all. Whether it was compassion, weakness or the fact that she had just possibly gone insane that prevented her, Katniss didn't know. But the ugly truth was she could not kill Cato. In the end, she was nothing. The old Katniss was completely and irrevocably gone. She was broken. Silence. And then, "Ladies and gentlemen," Claudius Templesmith's voice booms, Cato looking around wildly, Katniss all the while still astounded by what had just transpired, "due to popular demand, there has been a revision in the current rules enforced. So, we are pleased to announce that for the first time in history of the Hunger Games we have two Victors - Katniss Everdeen of District 12 and Cato Stone of District 2! These are your winners for the 74th Hunger Games, Panem! Congratulations!" It takes Katniss only a little while before she blacks out. A/N: I know, it sucks. But please review and tell me what you think :) An explanation for Cato's behaviour will be presented next chapter.