gutting fish. Triton's eyes bulged. "You're kidding! That's great!" He sang, his eyes bright. "I know." I grinned fist pumping him. "But hey, all of that time spent sitting up front without all of you idiots disturbing the fish paid off!" I said. I turned to the youngest girl who was sitting in the corner, none of the other girls daring to give her a fish, in fear that she'd ruin it. "Here you go." I told the little girl. I handed the bucket full of fish, she smiled at me, and I winked. "How's Pelagius?" It was well known that Wade was usually a person who sailed near the shore in his vibrant red boat with his best friend Pelagius. But Pelagius had gotten really sick, and hadn't been able to come this season, so last minute Wade signed up on this boat. "Getting better, he was up and walking right before I left. He might actually get in some fishing at the end of the season." Wade said, gutting the prized fish. "Nice aim." Triton said, as they got a nice look at the inside of the red and yellow fish. It was a capitol delicacy, called the south Black Bream. They used to be this greyish color, but after the capitol dumped something in the water, almost all of them died out, and those that didn't changed to be bright colors, the colors of the capitol. It was like the capitol couldn't leave a thing to be natural, anything that was pure, and healthy they had to stomp all over it, and ruin it. I felt a bitter terrible feeling rise up in my chest. I had to take a deep breath to drown it, before it came waging up and out of my my mouth. "Thanks. But I've got to get back to work." I grinned, turning out of the makeshift kitchen and climbing nimble up the ladder until the sun was once again beating on my shoulders and my cheeks. I walked with ease despite the rocking boat, I maneuvered the ropes and kleats that often threaten to trip people on their first time. I don't remember my first time on a boat, I was a baby, and I doubt that I could speak. I watched as the jib stayed perfectly still, cupped, catching the wind and propelling us forward, the front of the boat diving and skipping as the wind and weather picked up. There weren't going to be anymore fish today. I continued to sit at the front of the boat, my knuckles turning white from clenching the rail. I grinded my teeth together, enjoying the feeling of the boat dropping. The omniscient clouds lulled a trance over the boat, people scurried around checking kleats, holds and safeties. They secured everything down below, and most of them secured their seats in the cockpit. I took a deep breath, it was never calm before a storm. At least not here, here we got a warning before being plunged into utter chaos. The mayhem I breathed and lived on. When the storm finally came I could feel the energy rush into me, the adrenaline pumping fast through my body. My brother angrily stomped up to me, gripping onto anything to keep him secured, and safe from the dips and dives of the boat. "C'mon let's get into the cockpit." He told me, giving me the dangerous commanding voice he used so well. "HELP! SHE FELL!" I could see the small head bobbing in the water, struggling to stay afloat. Someone had fallen overboard. It was like I had done it all my life, it felt like I had preformed it before, my body following a path. I slid past my brother, I grabbed the harpoon gun and stuffed a net into the gun. I sprinted, the boat flying from underneath my feet, the wood was slippery when wet, and I slid to the end of the boat when I grabbed the railing, launched the net, behind the girl. She fell into the net, and I scrambled to get a hold before I too, was pulled into the ocean. I braced my legs against the rail, keeping her in place. "BRING THE SAIL DOWN YOU IDIOTS!" I cried. Someone came behind me, and helped me pull her in, while the crew broke into action, taking the sail down, the boat slowed down and the person I recognized to be Irving, helped me pull the harpoon net thing in. When I got close enough to see the girl, I stared in surprise to see the girl I had given the fish too. I lifter her cold lifeless body up. I brought her too a smooth surface. I pumped her chest, and then breathed into her mouth. I repeated the pattern, until she spewed water out, most of it landing in my face. Her unsteady and uneven breathing shook her whole body as she got a handle on her sporadic coughing. It took over an hour for her to finally be able to think, breath, and act normally. She was laying on a cot below, and the sun was setting. The storm still wracked the boat, and the waves slapped against the hull, echoing around the room. "Thank you." She rasped at me, and I literally sang for joy. "Your welcome." I sighed, smiling in relief that she was alright. I got up. "Get some rest, you'll have to return to your job in two days, make sure to drink some water." I told her, smiling. I climbed out of the hull and into the cockpit where the majority of the crew was wedged together, as we waited out the storm. I plopped in between Triton and my brother. I rested my head on my brothers shoulder, and closed my eyes. "I can't believe I just did that." I mumbled before falling asleep, the storm's energy and my adrenaline leaving my system and rendering me weak and exhausted