sounds scared, so scared. As though I'm going to leave him now. "I- I'm—" "Shh... Peeta, it's alright. It's alright." I can feel him losing his arousal as he allows his guilt to overshadow him. I bring his face down so I can kiss his neck, his ear, his throat, all of the places that make him shiver. "Please just... love me." He nods and kisses me, hard. He glides his member between my legs, feeling how wet I am, getting us both ready. I groan as he slowly inserts an inch, then retreats. He repeats this several times until I lose our unspoken battle and thrust into him, making him take me. We both suck in a breath. I open my eyes and we are nose to nose, gazing into each other as he slowly glides in and out. "I love you." We say at the same time. I laugh lightly and he places his forehead on mine. I spread my legs just a little and move against him, urging him on, his rhythm slow, gentle, adoring. I claw at his back, his pace driving me crazy but hitting the right spot every time. I hum my approval. He breaks our connection to kiss my neck, in that spot that makes me arch my back and I grind down on him making us both gasp. I hear myself getting louder and kiss him, hard, to muffle my moans and cries. He wraps his arm around my back and sits up, me astride his lap, him still inside me. It feels so much deeper this way. I grind my hips around on him, not wanting to pull up just yet, that would be much too intense. It's been a long time since we've been in this position. I circle my hips around him feeling him in all angles. It feels heavenly. He is still so concerned with how I'm feeling as he tries to press on my clitoris. But I want this to last as long as possible. I want this to heal him, let him know we are still okay. Even though I know I'll have a large hand-shaped bruise on my neck and he'll have a good tender spot on his leg, everything is forgiven because underneath it all it's not his fault. That was not my Peeta. The Peeta that would hold me through the night, awake unbeknownst to me so he could wake me if I started having a nightmare. The Peeta that allowed me to be weak for a moment so I didn't have to be the strong one all of the time. I push him down on his back and follow him, staying astride him. "Katniss—?" "Shh..." I muffle his question with a kiss and raise up on him and slam back down. He groans loudly. And I giggle slightly at the memory of the day we discussed the location of the baby's room before Willow was born. We wanted her to be on the same floor as us, right next door. But I reminded him that there would come an age where she could remember sounds flooding from our room. He had flushed and agreed to put her room as far from our room as possible, but still a safe distance away so we could get to her in case of an emergency. He smiled, really smiled and not for the first time I wondered if sometimes he was able to read my thoughts. I ground down on him and sucked in a breath as he hit the perfect spot inside me. He placed his hands on my waist and guided me along his length, hitting my spot dead on and I cried out. I leaned back down and placed my head in the crook of his neck, muffling my cries, our breaths mingling. I was so relieved that he was allowing himself to enjoy himself, enjoy our bond. I was so close and now wanted so desperately to finish, to cuddle into him though no one would see me as the cuddling type, and to sleep in his arms feeling safe. One hand let go of my waist and allowed me to sit up so he could reach my clitoris. He rubbed on it so painstakingly gently that I came almost instantly. I could feel myself clamp down around him so tightly, so deliciously that he came with me. A hard, long, and cathartic orgasm that ripped beautiful cries from both of us. I collapsed on him again and stayed there, reveling in the feel of our bodies sticking together from the perspiration and the quakes from my orgasm still massaging him. Though generally I would have climbed off of him immediately to lay on my side to sleep, I stayed where I was. I wanted to feel him inside me, not for a sensual or sexual reason, but just to feel close to him in the most intimate of ways, the closest we could be without being one body. He kissed my damp forehead and relaxed once more. With each pulse of my core, he groaned again. I giggled, afraid he would want round two and would be sorely disappointed. My Peeta of course, was a gentleman and allowed me to fall into a deep, sated sleep as he whispered his "I love you"'s in my ear, rubbing my back. I knew we would come apart at some point in the night, but falling asleep this way, I knew we were still all right. He was not leaving, I would not let him, and we were still incredibly in love. Even though I was never the sappy kind to say so aloud, I knew we were soul mates. The type that challenged each other while complimenting each other. Made for each other in a way that could not possibly be explained. And I loved him so much that no muttation could mess him up enough to send him away from me.