do is read. Or, listen to me read to him. He can read but he prefers for me to read to him. I see Axel sitting on the couch infront of the fire place. "Did you pick out a book?" I ask. He whips around quickly as if I've come to hurt him. "It's just me, Axel." I say. He relaxes then says "I picked one out." I nod then go sit by him. He hands me the book and I look at the cover. "Ah, The Jungle Book . . . We haven't read this in a while." I say. He nods and pushes it toward me, urging me to read. I smile and open the book to the first page. "The Jungle Book. Many strange legends are told of these jungles, of India, but none so strange as the story of a small boy named Mowgli. . ." "The End. . ." I say as I finish the book. I look up at Axel and see a large smile on his face. "Again!" he chirps. I laugh quietly then say, "No, not again. But would you like to see Cara and Odius with me?" He contemplates for a second then nods eagerly. "Good. Now go get your coat. I don't want you catching a cold." He runs off to grab his coat and I do the same. I take his hand and we walk out the door into the cool District 2 air. We swiftly walk to the house next door, careful to avoid the ice, then knock on the door. It takes a minute and I hear yelling. Probable Clara. She's not completely there and sometimes she leaves reality. Finally, Odius comes to the door, his hair messy and scratch marks on his cheek. He notices my gaze and says, "Clara thought I was a mutt." I nod then he invites us in. When we walk in, Clara leaps down the stairs, her blonde hair bedraggles and there are dark circles under her eyes but there is a smile on her face when she see's us. She walks to Odius and he wraps and arm around her waist. She smiles at Axel then says "Hi, Axel." Her voice is quiet, probably from the yelling but you can hear the sincerity in her voice. She buries herself into Odius's side and I notice the blood on her hands. She was picking her cuticles again. We find ourselves in the living room infront of the fire. Cara sits on one of the arm chairs with her knees tucked to her chest and me and Axel sit on the sofa. Odius comes in with four cups. He pours tea in three of them and the fourth one is already filled with hot coco. Axel looks at the cup of hot coco, longily. Odius hands it to him and warns "Be careful, it's hot." Axel holds back a smile and nods. Odius smiles at him. Odius hands me a cup of tea then a cup to Cara then finally a cup for himself. "So, Nova, how have you been?" Cara asks me as she takes a sip of tea. "I've been okay. I'm alive so that's good." I say holding the warm cup in my cold hands. She smiles and then I ask, "How's Elizabeth?" Odius's face falls the he answers "She's not doing good. She might have a year at most." Elizabeth is another victor. She won one of the first games when she was 16. She's in her late eighties now and we don't think she has much longer. She's important to us all; she's like a motherly figure. Barely any of us actually have any parents left so losing her, would hurt us all. Axel yawns and he leans against me. Cara starts mumbling and she picks at her cuticles. Odius brings her onto his lap and whispers things in her ear. She starts to tremble then she asks, "Where are we?" "We're at home sweetheart. It's me, Axel, and Nova. No one else." he says gently. She puts her hands on her face and mumbles wierd things. "Shh. Shh. It's okay, Cara. You're okay. No one can hurt you here." he whispers to her. Axel lays his head in my lap and plays with the end of my hair. "T-the district 1 girl." she says, her voice shaking. "No. No honey. We aren't there. You're here with me." he assures her. "No! You're lying. You're lying!" she cries. Cara squirms and goes to run. Axel moves; he knows what to do by now. Cara swiftly runs across the living room to the stairs. I bolt up and Odius does the same. She runs up the stairs We follow her up the stairs quickly. Odius cathces her right before she goes into her room. His arms wrap around her waist and she pulls him down to the ground. She trembles in his arms. "Cara, it's me. I promise. I got you, sweetheart. I got you." he says to her. He spends at least half an hour trying to calm her down. After she's asleep, Odius carries her to there room then comes back downstairs with us. Axel is asleep on the couch, his cup empty. "We better go. It's getting late and Axel has school in the morning." I say quietly. He nods then says "Goodnight, Nova. Thank you for helping up there." "No problem." I say smiling. I gather Axel into my arms and drape my jacket over him s he doesn't get cold. Odius opens the door for me and step out into the snowy terrain. AAAAA FIRST CHAPTER OMIGOD. Anyways, this is my first story I have ever posted on here and I am DYING of excitement. I hope you enjoyed it and if you did, let meeh know. Let me know if I should continue. I hope you have a super amazing madness filled day and may the odds be ever in your favor!