Winner? Reaping winner ? As if going into the Games was a prize and not a death sentence. The mayor, looking strange, says, "What does it matter?" He repeats it. "What does it matter? Let her come forward." I see Gale striding up the isle toward the sisters. Prim has locked her arms around Katniss's waist, screaming and sobbing at the same time, and Katniss says something to her. She's obviously trying to push Prim away, but in the end, it takes Gale to gently pry apart her interlocked fingers and pick her up. He murmurs something to Katniss before carrying a shrieking, crying Prim towards her mother. Katniss turns resolutely towards the stage. Effie asks for Katniss's name, which she speaks into the microphone, and all I can think is, I'm losing her. I'm losing her. She wasn't even reaped and I'm losing her. "Let's give a big round of applause to our newest tribute!" Effie squeals, clapping her own hands together in excitement, like a child. Her claps echo in the completely silent square, and before long they fade to nothing. Then something astonishing happens. Someone from the Seam touches three fingers of their left hand to their lips, then lifts them towards Katniss. The gesture is repeated on the other side of the square, and then near the back, and within the space of just a few seconds, everyone is saluting Katniss with the old gesture of respect. I join them, wishing the kiss I press to my fingertips could be delivered straight to her. At the same time, I'm marveling at this occurrence. Nothing like this has ever happened before, to my knowledge. Showing this gesture of respect and goodbye to a tribute is… almost rebellious. It says, We do not agree . And that can be deadly for a district. Katniss's lips press together, and I know she's about to cry. No, Katniss, I plead. Don't cry. If you do, they'll see. You're strong. You can do this. But then Haymitch, the one and only victor left in District Twelve, hauls himself out of his chair and blunders across the stage. He throws an arm around Katniss's shoulders, nearly knocking her to the ground. Her nose wrinkles. "Look at her," he slurs. "Look at this one! I like her! Lots of…" He trails off, bleary eyes roaming over the crowd as if the word he's searching for is there. "Spunk! More than you!" He lurches away from her and aims a shaky finger at a camera hovering near the stage. "More than you!" He obviously has more to say, but his shoe catches on the edge of the stage and he topples off, knocking himself unconscious. A stretcher arrives suspiciously quickly- did they suspect Haymitch would be too drunk to walk? – and he's carried off. I watch Katniss, trying to catch her eye, but she's staring impassively into the distance, hands linked behind her back. Her ability to mask her emotions is impressive, but I know her, and I can see the maelstrom of emotions buried in her eyes. "What an exciting day," Effie says, "But more excitement to come! It's time to choose the boy tribute!" Startled, I realize that she's right. I had been so busy sifting through my shock and despair over Katniss volunteering that I had forgotten there even was another tribute. Then I remember that whoever is chosen will be an enemy of Katniss. Him and twenty two other tributes. My mind is racing. Katniss is smart enough to avoid most of the tributes, but the Careers will pose a definite threat. She'll either have to hide from them or fight them. Hiding would be the better option. She's small and quick, which is both an asset and a hindrance when it comes to fighting. The Careers are almost always tall, muscular and altogether lethal. They'll be her biggest obstacle. That, and the arena itself. What will it be this year? A forest would be ideal, but who knows if there will even be wood. I focus on my immediate surroundings again in time to see that Effie has already pulled a slip from the boys' bowl. She doesn't hesitate for effect this time, but opens the folded piece of paper and unceremoniously reads, "Peeta Mellark." Heads turn to look at me as I register what she said. Peeta Mellark. Me. I've been reaped. I start towards the stage, because I know I'm supposed to, but my mind isn't connected to my body anymore. My steps are stiff but steady, and I climb the stairs slowly and take my place in front of the glass bowl. Effie asks for volunteers, but I know there won't be any. Sand is too old, and Rye cares about me, but... not that much. I don't blame him. The mayor taps a small pile of papers and clears his throat before reading, "In penance for their uprising, each district shall offer up a male and a female between the ages of twelve and eighteen…" He goes on, and I turn my head to look at Katniss, only to find that her eyes are already on me. We stare at each other, not daring to do anything else, and in her eyes I see the numbness that I feel. The mayor finishes and Effie prompts, "Well, go on, you two. Shake hands." Shake hands- as if we're just meeting each other. It doesn't feel right. Even so, I take Katniss's bony, scarred hand in mine and give it a firm shake. And then, because this reaping is already a year of firsts for District Twelve, I use my other arm to pull her into a quick hug. She allows it, briefly resting her forehead on my shoulder before stepping away, and the crowd draws a collective breath. Like the volunteer and the silent salute, this is unprecedented. The anthem plays, Peacekeepers steer us into the Justice Building, and the doors close with chilling finality.