only escort that they know can see it all and still smile." She was quickly losing the battle against her tears. For once, Haymitch had nothing to say. "It kills me that these kids think of me as a monster," she managed to say through her tears, head hung low, "I don't want to be a monster." "I'm not good at this whole emotions thing, really, I try to avoid them at all costs." "I've noticed," she said, smiling slightly through the tears. There was a long silence until Effie spoke again. "I should probably sleep. I can't wake up late tomorrow." Haymitch was already passed out on the couch, so she stood up quietly and made her way back to her room. When they arrived at the Capitol, there was an obvious change from the previous year. Haymitch was barely drinking anything, doing his best to make sure Katniss and Peeta had a chance. He was also talking to other victors quite often, which puzzled Effie. When she got a call telling her that she'd have to leave them prematurely, she didn't feel relief, as she would have in previous years, but instead felt sorrow. She actually wanted to help them that year, but she also knew that she had to follow the Capitol's orders. Haymitch was the first she told of her departure. It was, again, after everyone had gone to their rooms, but she felt somehow that she'd have to tell him first, although she didn't know why. "Damn Capitol wants us at a disadvantage," he said, obviously irritated. A glimmer of hope rose up in her at the realization that he'd just told her that she was useful . Although it was indirect, it was probably the only genuine compliment Haymitch had ever given her. A slight blush rose on her cheeks that was fortunately disguised by her makeup. She uncrossed and crossed her legs again, not sure what to say. He scooted towards her, grabbing her chin and turning her face towards his. He knew he had to say something, since if everything went according to his plan, he'd never see her again. "You're not a monster, okay?" He'd intended for it to sound nicer, but it hadn't come out quite right. She smiled, a genuine smile. Their faces were close, and she noticed that his breath only faintly smelled of alcohol. He'd given her a compliment while he was almost sober. This time it was her who closed the gap between them. She placed a kiss on his cheek and tried to stand up, but he pulled her back down, kissing her lips. She was taken aback, but after a few moments found herself kissing him back. The kiss was hungry and aggressive, as if their lips were in a battle in which Effie was willingly losing. Soon he pushed her backwards and she was lying on her back on the sofa and he was on top of her. He tugged at her wig and she pulled away from the kiss, swatting his hand away. Together they stood up and started moving towards Effie's bedroom. He pushed her up against a wall in the hallway forcefully, causing her to lose her breath. one of her sleeves was askew and her skin was exposed, revealing a fading bruise from when he'd grabbed her the week before out of anger. They eventually made their way back to her room and he began tugging down her dress, exposing her pink bra, an exact match to the dress she'd been wearing. He wrapped his arms around her, finding pleasure in her softness. He'd always imagined her skin to be made of porcelain. By then, her wig was already askew, so she decided she no longer cared and ripped it off, causing hair pins to fly in every direction. She removed her wig cap and tossed it all carelessly on the floor, which was was an unusual thing for her to do, but at that moment, she had no idea what usual even was. Late that night, they laid together under the covers, bare legs intertwined. She traced circles on his exposed back absentmindedly. She pondered the fact that she'd just slept with the last person on earth she would've thought she'd have slept with and that he wasn't at all like any other man she'd slept with in the past. Haymitch wasn't young or fit or in any way Capitolian, but she decided she didn't care. And in that lack of caring about his physical appearance, she wondered if perhaps she was actually changing for the better and it wasn't just a dramatic inner monologue to make herself feel more human. It was real and it was because of him. "How did we end up this way?" she asked, still tracing circles on his back, "so hopelessly broken beyond repair." "Everything's broken right now," he replied, "but it's our responsibility to pick up the pieces." He considered telling her about his plans for the games, but he couldn't bring himself to speak any more. They were encased in silence for a moment, lost in thought, before Effie spoke again. "You know I think I might be in love with you, Haymitch," she said quietly, "and I think I knew that all along, but I was too stubborn to admit it." He pretended to have fallen asleep because admitting anything would make what would happen next infinitely more difficult. Alright so this was originally intended to be a oneshot, but it got wildly out of hand and I figured 3000 words was more than sufficient for a chapter, so I will probably continue this and post the final chapter next weekend, which will explore into Haymitch's motives for freeing Effie from prison and post-Mockingjay stuff. I apologize if this was shitty and out of character, it was my first attempt in a long time to write fanfiction, so I tried my absolute best. I'd love some constructive criticism, honestly.