for the bread." I say opening the door and stepping out of the car. I look through the front door. A light is visible is the back. He's here; he's got to be here. I walk around the back until I'm face to face with the white metal door I used to sneak out of when I was a child. I knock a couple of times but there is no response so I knock again, determined to see him today. I hear movement inside and the door finally swings open. "It's Monday, we're—" The color drains from his face when his blue eyes meet my gray ones "It's a special order." I say quietly. "Katniss…" The mere sound of his voice whispering my name sends chills up and down my spine. We stand in silence until he finally opens the door and motions for me to come in. I look around and notice everything is virtually unchanged save for a couple new pieces of equipment. "To what do I owe the pleasure?" he asks as he washes his hands. "I was just…passing by." I tell him. I hear steps and turn in time to see a young woman stepping in the kitchen. "Peeta, everything all right?" she asks without acknowledging my presence. "Yeah, Millie, go home. I'll close things up today." He says and her eyes widen. "I haven't finished the cupcakes for Madge's class tomorrow though." She says in protest. "I'll take care of them, just go. I'll see you later, okay?" she nods and proceeds to wash her hands and hang her apron before walking out the door. "I'm sorry, I didn't know you weren't…alone." I say staring at the floor. "Millie, is just one of my employees if that's what you're trying to insinuate." He says bluntly and I can't help but blush. "Oh, no, that's not—you don't owe me any explanations." I say. "I know. And you don't owe me any either…but I'd still like one." He says harshly and I find I can't blame him for being mad. "Peeta, I'm sorry. " "Yeah, I thought you'd say that." "I just, I had to get away from this place. I thought if I left and never came back, the emptiness I felt would go away." "So you thought you'd sleep with me and break my heart by leaving without a word, without a goodbye?" "Peeta, you knew what that was. You knew the state I was in." "Yeah you're right. I knew it was just to help you forget your pain for a little while, Katniss. But what I didn't know was that that'd be the last time I saw you, the last time I spoke to you." He says. "I'm sorry." "I loved you. I did. And I spent months hoping I would get a call from you. Hoping you'd show up at my door. I finally started to let go of those ridiculous ideas and then your album came out and your face and your voice were everywhere." He says with more pain in his voice than I'd expected to hear. "I shouldn't have come. I'm sorry." I say getting up to leave. "What are you doing here, Katniss. Why, after seven years of not setting foot in this town, did you all of the sudden show up here?" He asks lifting his eyes to meet mine. "I don't know. I just—it's been a long year. I thought maybe if I went home…to my old home, something would click. I thought maybe I would finally let their memory go, and I could start healing." I say fighting hard not to cry. "Well…?" he asks lifting an eyebrow at me. I shake my head. "I could have helped you heal." He says, the sadness seeping out through his voice. "I know. And you don't know how much I've thought about it. How much I've thought about you…" I trail off embarrassed. I have no right to be saying this to him. It's been seven years since I've seen him; surely he has begun to make a life for himself. "I'm sorry, you don't need to hear that, I'm—" "Stop saying you're sorry." He says. "I can't, because I am sorry. I'm so sorry I was selfish, I'm sorry I left the way I did. I'm sorry you weren't awake when I told you I loved you too." His eyes widen at my confession, but he remains speechless. "I know I'm out of line saying this. I know it's been seven years and you've probably moved on. But almost every song on each of my albums is about you." I say as the tears I'd been holding back finally spill over. "I've never regretted that night. I only regret the way I left." I whisper. And before I can take a breath he crosses the room and his lips crash against mine. I've kissed many men but none have managed to make me feel the way he does. His hands are everywhere, and every touch feeds the blazing fire he's ignited within me. "Not a day goes by that I don't think of you." He says wiping away my tears. "I love you." I tell him. "I love you, too." He whispers back. I tell Effie to cancel any further appearances I may have scheduled. Her face becomes pale white and I promise to make it up to her. "Katniss, we can't. The label will not be happy with you." "Tell them I need time to myself." I tell her before stepping out of the car again. "It's that man you always write about, isn't it?" she asks. I nod. "You found him?" "He wasn't the one who was lost, Effie." I watch Peeta decorate cup cakes for the rest of the evening and that night, when I'm wrapped in his arms I think about how this would have happened anyway. About how any road I could have taken would have led me back to him.