half-pain and half-hope. Katniss just stares; not scowling, not with her jaw clenched, just stares. "I–" Peeta starts, falters, and his smile widens, embarrassed, his cheeks red when his eyes drop to his hands in front of him. He looks sad. He looks scared . "I.. uh.. made a promise to Delly." Katniss finds the strap of her bag on her shoulder and twists it around her fingers so tightly she feels the instant, icy prickles of dying nerves, from the lack of blood. She fights to keep a level face – he's talking about Delly, and it must be hard, and this must be something private , which makes her not sure why he would share this promise with her , of all people, and she doesn't want to be rude and ditch him here – But Primrose is waiting and Gale and Rory – "A promise?" Katniss echos, quietly. Peeta shifts, peaking up at her through his eyelashes. Sheepish, almost. But no. He clears his throat, seems to get control of his bashful side and the pain – A loss flits over her expression.. something traumatic.. No. She's reading too much into this. He simply clears his throat, lifts himself to his full height, and tells her, "Delly is one of the... few people who I trusted.. to tell. This secret. Or, well, it's not a secret. It's just.. you ." "Me?" She does not see where this is going. She is worried about where this is going. His hand reaches for his hair and drags through the blonde curls. He's still smiling. And it bugs her. He is smiling; when she knows, knows it so much , that he doesn't want to be smiling. "Is this.." she has just as much trouble speaking as him, apparently. She's always known Peeta as a good speaker though. He's confident and sweet and.. Well, she's Katniss. Maybe she's not talkative, but she's strong and stubborn, and she will speak. "Is this about.. the bread?" Confusion roils onto his face, eyebrow drawn tight. "The bread?" Katniss can't believe the rush of momentary, uncontrolled, disappointment in her; he forgot. And she can't believe she let him see it . He saw her face falter, sadden momently, and her eyes frown and her lips press together, and he saw the disappointment; and somehow that reminded him. Or so it seems, because his eyes widen, too and he says, "Oh. The bread.. from when we were kids. I remember. And no, it's not about that." Katniss shifts. Yes. Of course. Alright. "So.. what is this about? Because my sister's waiting.. and –" "And Gale," Peeta finishes, watching her face carefully. Her eyes narrow. "And Gale." "Right." Peeta looks to the floor, breathes, – He's nervous , she realizes. Why is he nervous? Why is it so hard to just spit out whatever it is he's trying to say? "I like you," he says, rushed, the smile gone, for once – but he doesn't look sad. He looks anxious and serious and not kidding. "And I mean that in.. the way you probably don't think I do.. because I.." A cringe. "I think you're pretty.. no. Beautiful. I told Delly I'd tell you, because I've been nagging her about it for who knows how long and she has always.. encouraged.. and she said she was sad she wouldn't be here to see.. and.. I'm – That's all." Her mouth opens, then closes. She processes. Looks for loopholes. Tries to find the other motives behind this.. confession. But there is none. She sees nothing that conveys insincerity, or that suggests he is telling her these things as a joke or.. for anything other than the reason he gave. She is not sure how she feels, or what she should say, or what he hopes for – And she wonders when Delly made him promise this – "Katniss!" Both Peeta and Katniss turn at the sound of Primrose's voice. Her sister stands at the end of the hall, propping open the door, and behind her back Katniss can see Gale and Rory, expressionless, looking at her, standing next to this boy. Too close , to the boy, she realizes, and takes a startled step back. When did that happen? It must have been him. Not her. She looks back to him, but he is staring off toward the wall on their right, tugging at the zipper of his jacket. She opens her mouth, looking at him, eying him in concern and curiosity and uncertainty, then closes it. "I'm coming Prim," she says, turning away, her back to Peeta and hurrying down the hall to the door. She takes Prim's hand into hers and shoulders passed the Hawthornes and can only think of escape . They are halfway through Town when Gale gets a word into things. "What was that?" Lie . "I don't know," she says. "We thought something happened," Prim pipes up from Katniss' opposite side. She smiles at her sister, and tries to make it warm, and hugs her to her waist. "I promise if something happens, I'll make sure you're with me and we're safe." Prim nods and returns the smile. No one speaks until they reach the Seam, and that is only Rory and Prim who say goodbye. Katniss tells Gale not to take the squirrel, because the Peacekeepers and he nods curtly in her direction. It's only when Katniss reaches the house that she realizes she never, not once, had not even remembered her own promise, or rather decision, – and she did, she supposes, a little, she just never spoke it or considered it relevant in the situation – of how she is never going to marry or have children or have those kinds of relationships. That would have been the response for Peeta. Is still the response. And she resolves herself on that; if he wants a reply for what he said today, tomorrow at school, then she'll have one.