when Katniss herself tries to move; hips arching up and then down against bark; against the arm of Madge's crossed over her stomach and the hand-wrist cupped against her crotch. She's not just moaning; it's more like whimpering. "Madge," she says – gasps. She has to close her eyes. Her cheeks are flushed red. This is mad. This is completely out of the ordinary. This feels so, so good. She doesn't want Madge to ever stop. She has to close her eyes because this is wrong, and yet, the girl pinning to this tree, fucking her against a tree, is so lax and seemingly, horribly, unconcerned about the oddity and wrongness of it, of fucking her friend – an otherwise completely straight friend – in the forest, no less, and it's startling to her that she suddenly agrees and does not find it wrong in any way, because how can something that feels so good be wrong? It's come to the point so close to climax that suddenly everything feels okay and right and good. And everything, all of this, all of that strange talk and the loss of normalcy between them, seems worth this one whirling-light-headed moment. Heat spreads all over her body. Her thighs are shaking again. Every brush of thumb against her clit is a snapping bow string inside of her – or piano string, she thinks, incoherently, after a moment; remembering Madge's affinity for music. She doesn't know what she expected but it's not this – Her hips surge forward now – a useless gesture that chafes her skin against the bark of the tree. Madge's breathing is hard, now, too, and she doesn't know why, because she's still fully clothed – and the fact strikes Katniss by how completely unfair it is, because this feels good and Madge should feel good, too; but then again it's perfectly right, because it's unselfish of Madge and she is selfish, she supposes, so it puts something on balance; they're so completely opposite; it's her perfect counterpart. " Faster – " Madge's mouth latches onto her throat, sucking; a hint of teeth. Her fingers work harder; twist and turn and press outward at all of her inner walls and wriggle and it's still too slow; still too much . "Shh," Madge says quietly; a hand running through her hair. She'd been making soft sounds under her breath without realizing it; and it only increases into moaning when Madge wraps her fist into her hair and holds it firmly – tugs it slightly, cause Katniss' face to tip up. "Shh," she breathes again. "Let go." Katniss knows she's not just speaking of the way her muscles have drawn tight again and the air comes hot and too-fast through her nose. They'd been talking about something serious before. She thinks desperately (it's hard, so hard, to think at all and she doesn't want to ). They'd been talking about devotion – over devotion? Or had it been desire and expectations? The only thing she remembers with any clarity, strangely, is the underlying meaning of Madge's words when she'd been discussing what she offered in comparison to Gale and Peeta: I don't hold the same risks as them. She tries to reply. It comes out as, "Don't stop," and, "I need this." She wants release more than ever now. She wants surrender and sleep and ending . S he wants guilt that disperses into dust and absolution that will erase any memories of it. She wants – she wants – She wants . She can't. She wants to. She shouldn't want to. She can't. Ah. " Let go ," says Madge again, voice even and patient, and Katniss' whole body twitches. There's sweat on her lower back. She goes impossible tense, then the tenseness unravels inside of her. She withers. She rides the orgasm out against Madge's hand. She opposes the hand that's fisted into her hair and the pain running up her scalp feels good as the pleasure pulses up through her abdomen. And then, Katniss goes limp against the blonde holding her up to a tree and she shivers. She can't quite catch her breath. She can feel her pulse in her wrists, in her ribs, in her thighs – in every piece of skin. She can feel her rapid-yet-slowing heartbeat in her head. Madge's own breathing slows, and her wet hand rubs down the side of Katniss' thigh. The hand in her hair moves to stroke the side of her face. Katniss turns into the touch; she can't help it. Madge sighs. Time passes; not too long, but a significant amount as Katniss sags against her and tries to recover some sort of composure. She feels wretched and pliable and empty within, but at the same time a sweet feeling lingers in her body and there is relief. She dreads the eventual turning; the meeting of eyes. It's so much easier to pretend when she's not looking Madge in the face. She dreads any words that'll pass; mostly because she does not know what to say, despite having felt perfectly fine moments before this. Thankfully, when Madge does step back and offers Katniss her clothing, there are no words; no questions about feelings, place and belonging, longing and devotion. It's just this: shivering, until Katniss has managed to tug on all her clothing, and a light press of Madge's lips to her cheek, once they reach the gate leading back into District 12. It's dark by then; the sun having just disappeared beyond the horizon. It's only these words: just once. Except this time it's phrased as a question, "Just once?" Katniss presses her lips together, thinking. "Just once?" she echos back to Madge, not looking at her, but at the distant trees of the forest. Madge smiles; a brilliant beam that brightens her face, so much so, there's no need to miss the sun. "Just once," Madge replies, then, the words deep with satisfaction and light with suggestiveness.