She was his mother, not me! Nothing was stopping her from going out and getting a second job so she could feed her child. Mom looked at me like I slapped her. I half wished I had. I brought my voice back down to an normal volume. "Don't ever speak about Ulric dying again. Speak badly about me all you want, but not him." I turned and left then, because I couldn't stand her talking like that. I should have just went to my bedroom, but instead I burst through the front door and down the rocky street. The sun was setting and the sky was orange, any other time I would have taken in the beauty of it, because all the factories were shut down that time of night and the smog wasn't filling the air, but I was too angry to really notice just how beautiful it was. It was chilly, and I wrapped my arms around myself to try and stay warm. I didn't bring a coat and I only had on a thin long sleeve shirt. A slight wind cut through me, but I didn't stop walking. I turned left down the street that leads away from the large cluster of houses I lived at and down toward the large river. District Six's River wasn't a real river, it was a giant concrete river, with with a large concrete wall stretched all the way down one side. Water gushed out of large pipes in the wall and down into the river. In school I had seen in books and videos images of real rivers; ones with dirt, sand, rocks, grass, weeds, flowers. They're colorful and bright. District Six's river was grey and dull. The water was loud as it rushed from the pipes and down into the flowing water. I sat down carefully near the edge, just far enough away so small sprays of water wouldn't splashed up onto me. My whole body was shaking, and I came to realize it was half from the cold of the windy evening and half from anger. I pulled my knees up to my chest and wrapped my arms around them. I suddenly realized I wouldn't be getting dinner, not after storming out like that. Mom won't even bother making me food. The sun set behind me and a couple lights flickered on around the river, but I was mostly plunged into darkness within thirty minutes of sitting by the river. I gently rocked back and forth absentmindedly and start speaking out loud to myself, wallowing in my own self pity. "I acted like I didn't care. I let them all blame me. I put this on myself. I'm going to have to go into the Hunger Games. I'm going to die." Loud high pitched laughter erupted somewhere to my left, making me jump from fright. I turned quickly but didn't see anyone, but I heard a couple girls laughing again and some boys shouting over the loud roar of the water. I realized almost instantly they didn't notice me. I stayed where I was, if they stumbled upon me so be it. But it was probably just some kids from school out having fun on a Friday night. They were probably celebrating that it was very very unlikely they'd be picked for the Hunger Games this year. If they stumbled across me they'd just murmur to each other and act like they didn't want me to hear the awful things they were saying about me even though they really did. They'd whisper behind their hands and giggle and glance over at me and make me feel like I was left out of some big joke. A joke where I was the punch line. I hugged my knees tighter and tried to ignore the fun screams and laughs from the group somewhere up the river from me. But I couldn't help listen to them and wonder who it was. I couldn't help thinking that maybe if I had made different choices all those years ago maybe I'd be with them right now having a good time and joking about some other poor teenager who made poor life choices and sealed their fate. Instead of picking good friends, I picked people like Viktor and Irisa and Axl. I picked friends who pushed me into making all the wrong choices. I picked friends who wouldn't be there for me when things turned to shit. I picked friends who had no problem putting all the blame on me. I picked friends who didn't even care about me at all, I was just someone for them to use and toss aside. But tomorrow I would go talk to them, I would confront them and try to set things right. It wasn't until my teeth were shattering from the cold that I finally made myself stand up and walk home. It was late, very late. Ulric would already be asleep, so I'd have to sneak quietly into bed so not to wake him. I reached the house and was happy to see someone left on our front light. It was flickering and moths were fluttering around it but it made it easier for me to put my house key in the old rusted lock. I pushed the creaking door open and closed it behind me, making sure to re-lock it and to turn off the light. I decided to check the small refrigerator for any extra food. Nothing. I checked the cabinets and found a couple bananas. I quickly ate one, leaving the other for Ulric's breakfast tomorrow, then went quietly to my bedroom. I slipped out of my clothes and into something more comfortable in complete darkness so Ulric could remain asleep. I crawled into bed and sighed to myself. I wasn't looking forward to paying Axl a visit tomorrow. I wasn't looking forward to trudging up all those old memories and feelings, but I had too. Tomorrow would be a long day.