bullet for them. He stole just to keep them alive. His crime was for their behalf more than his own. If he wanted he could have gone to the Justice Building where he would have been assigned a proper job within the factories. He was excellent at engineering the complex machinery. Marcus could have rented a nice tenant room. Could have gotten married to a sweet work partner, with golden skin and sandy hair. But he didn't. He died for his kids. For me. I push my way to the front before I draw in my next breath. I shove passed a Peacekeeper who tries to get in my way. "Aven!" I cry. She turns, shocked. Relief floods her eyes with tears and she throws herself at me in an embrace. No matter how hard the Peacekeepers try to pry us apart, I don't lose my grip on her, before I shout, "I volunteer! I volunteer for her." They stop pulling at my shoulders and turn to look at the stage. The Capitol escort eyes us with interest. The mayor looks a bit uncertain. Cecelia is the one who shrugs and mutters something I don't catch. All I know is that the Peacekeeper closest to me is pushing me toward the stage. I take my place, each breath rattling inside my chest. In front of me people spread out across the square. There's so many people. I don't think I've ever stood underneath the gaze of so many eyes. Not to mention the cameras that are recording this to all of Panem. "What is your name?" Nissa Tiller asks me. She has peculiar orange eyes that penetrate my face. Another pair of eyes. Devouring my appearance, my emotions that I might let slip. "Keera Indelif." My voice shake, with what I'm feeling, but which? Terror? Anxiety? Sadness? "Well, then, there you have it." Nissa turns back to the microphone and announces my name officially. I watch as Bud drags Aven away. They join Ethel at the edge of the square. Felecia is sobbing and Arthur is confused. Jak is red in the face, by the cold or by Ethel's hands I don't know and it hurts not to. "Time for the boys!" Nissa Tiller trills softly. Her voice is strangely demure compared to other district escorts. For instance, the Capitol escort assigned to District Twelve, there's something so impossibly niggling about her voice that she makes me want to rip my own ears off. Nissa takes her time walking to the glass reaping ball containing thousands of slips of paper. Briefly I let myself wonder who will join me in death. It is so rare for District 8 to have winners, that I do not even linger on the hope of winning. I knew the instant I volunteered for Aven I was making a sacrifice. Nissa returns to the podiums with a fresh slip in hand. I don't feel any worry as to who it might be at first. It couldn't be Bud. The odds weren't that hateful toward me. Then an unbidden fear grips me like ice. Cayleb? What if.. "Erik Weeber." I just want to cry at the sight of Bracken's little brother being forced to the stage by Peacekeepers. Wide blue eyes tearing up, his twelve year old face reminds me of all my children. A head of reddish-bronze hair wet with rain, shaking with his whole body as Nissa speaks to him. His tiny hand slipping into mine is as fragile as Jak's, and the boy's gaze is petrified as he looks up at me. As if I'm going to kill him, here and now. As if I were capable of killing children. But I know I'm not. I couldn't raise a hand to strike someone without thinking of Ethel and wanting to cry in both disgust and memory. Not even if it's an eighteen year old brute Career out for my blood. I don't even care when were taken into custody, escorted to fancy and neat rooms within the Justice Building. We have one hour for goodbyes. I try to keep all my pieces together until I'm hidden from the cameras. Once I am I stand in the middle of the room, facing the door. Waiting. When the door opens, I throw myself at the figure slipping through, arms wrapping about his neck, losing control over the sobs that force themselves out of my chest. He clutches me in return, rocking me, running his hands up and down my back. "I'm so sorry, Keera." "Can't you do something?" I say, low and desperate in his ear. "You always do something! Cayleb, please. I can't leave them. They need me. Aven.. she needed me..." Cayleb lets out a distressed sound that rises from the back of his throat. He pulls away just enough so I can see his pale face. His hazel eyes are wild. I already know he's let everything he could possibly do run through his head, and there's nothing. Of all the times I have turned to him for help, of the times he gave me free passes to avoid the whipping post, saved my life from the bullet or the necklace of rope for execution, there is absolutely nothing he can do to outmaneuver the Hunger Games. There is only so much power a Peacekeeper has. "I'm so sorry, Keera," he repeats, before pulling away, his white uniform crinkled where my fingernails clawed at him. "So sorry.." he turns to the door and opens it, and almost instantly his distress is gone, hidden beneath a mask. "You have ten minutes," Cayleb says professionally to Aven and Bud who stand outside. They rush passed him, oblivious, throwing their arms around me. I stumble under their weight, my eyes straining to see over the tops of their heads as Cayleb steps beyond the doorway, gaze locked in mine. The door closes before I have the chance to say anything more to my best friend.