mediocre bandages that were there before, then all of last night comes rushing in. It makes me feel restless, unsettled. I remember the kisses, the bow, arrow... that awful closet. In seconds it is like my heart swells for him, choking me and the emotions in it were brimming over the edge, teetering like a liquid about to spill from a overflowing glass. I do not like the feel at all. It is incomplete, like something misplaced. It is almost painful, actually. My hand slips from my hair, and lay at rest just on the side of my neck, rubbing a sore spot there. I don't like it. All of it is disconcerting. New. New is bad. New is foreign and unknown. And as I towel myself down, I think of that look on his face, when he stared earnestly back at me. When he wouldn't admit that he didn't trust me, but I knew. I could tell. And it hurt. I don't want to think of them, they only reminded me of the upcoming Hunger Games. Instead, finally clean, I pull on my robe and head back to bed, ignoring my dripping hair. I climb under the blankets, sure this is what it must feel like to be poisoned. The footsteps on the stairs renew my panic from last night. I'm not ready to see my mother and Prim. I have to pull myself together to be calm and reassuring, the way I was when we said our good-byes the day of the last reaping. I have to be strong. I struggle into an upright position, push my wet hair off my throbbing temples, and brace myself for this meeting. They appear in the doorway, holding tea and toast, their faces filled with concern. I open my mouth, planning to start off with some kind of joke, and burst into tears. So much for being strong. My mother sits on the side of the bed and Prim crawls right up next to me and they hold me, making quiet soothing sounds, until I am mostly cried out. Then Prim gets a towel and dries my hair, combing out the knots, while my mother coaxes tea and toast into me. They dress me in warm pajamas and layer more blankets on me and I drift off again. I can tell by the light it's late afternoon when I come round again. There's a glass of water on my bedside table and I gulp it down thirstily. My stomach and head still feel rocky, but much better than they did earlier. I rise, dress, and braid back my hair. Before I go down, I pause at the top of the stairs, feeling slightly embarrassed about the way I've handled the news of the Quarter Quell. My erratic flight, drinking with Haymitch, weeping, going into the woods with Peeta. Given the circumstances, I guess I deserve one day of indulgence. I'm glad the cameras weren't here for it, though. Downstairs, my mother and Prim embrace me again, but they're not overly emotional. I know they are holding back. Looking at Prim's face, it's hard to believe she is the same little duckling I left nine months ago. The combination of that ordeal and all that has followed – the cruelty in the district, the parade of sick and wounded that she often treats by herself if Mother's hands are too full, the new me – these things have aged her years. Wasn't that what I was trying to prevent? Hadn't I taken her place in the reaping to spare her a dead childhood and an inevitable strain on her hands? But I must see that she has grown, too. We're practically the same height now, but that wasn't what made her seem so much older. It is something in her eyes, they are no longer the same innocent, wide abyss of blue they were not too long ago. They're composed, knowledgeable. I have to be strong now, more than ever. Stronger than her. I smile at Prim, weakly, and she returns it with a beam. "How's school?" The only subject I can think of that does not involve the Hunger Games. "The same. We're learning about the four main types of coal. Lignite, subbituminous, bituminous, and anthracite." Prim still rocks on the tips of her toes, especially when she's trying to remember things, and I think of Rue the same way someone takes a fist in the face. "The coal value is determined by the amount of the carbon it contains... I think." "That's right," our mother interjects. "Exactly right." And now I'm thinking of father, and I know Mother is, too, because she stares at the pot of stew in front of her like it's as deep as an ocean. I know I can't slip away, not now. There's still a reason to fight. I remember Gale's words: if the people have the courage, then there will still be something we could do. There are still things I can do. I don't know what they are yet, but since I started this, I could contribute, surely. I have to remember, even when the fear threatens to swallow me up, that I still must fight. What ever I end up being, or doing, or the happenings of these Games, I still have to fight. I have to be strong for the others. It's not too late for Prim. Sweet Prim, or Rory, or Vick and little Posy. They still have something of themselves. They are better than me. And the remembrance of our lost fathers suddenly rears into my face, knowing they have lost, too, but Prim is ignorant to it, eating her bowl of stew silently. I don't know how to help, but for now, I have to be an example. For a long while after I sit beside Prim, my fingers stroking through her hair and talking occasionally, as we wait patiently together for our mother to return to us.