to liberate you." And with that Woof turns his back on his master and walks slowly from the patio, his shoulders sagging as though they now bear a heavier load than the one he had entered with. Peeta advances carefully through the dark, feeling his way past the sacks, baskets and jars. The secret passage begins from the very heart of the palace, from the end of a small room in which the mullus , those pink shells so important during Inca rituals, are kept. Katniss had revealed it to him shortly after the Great Battle. He had to promise her to keep it secret. He remembered jesting with her, saying, 'So, would you mind if I brought the Governor here?' Back then, the words they spoke to each other were still uncertain. Action had taken the place of talk. They could only express and share their love physically. But they did not always have the chance to escape to the cabin by the hot springs, the hut where they had spent their first night together. So this passage had become their trysting place. As he crosses the room, Peeta sinks his hand into a large jar of shells. Doing so evokes an oddly pleasant impression of the sea. The trapezoid niches now so familiar to him surround the room. All the gold statues they had once contained had been removed at the beginning of the Spanish occupation, and the alcoves are not covered with cotton hangings. He lifts one, his heart racing. The tunnel had been dug at a slight rising angle. A thin layer of beaten earth covers the rock. Katniss had explained to him that, during ancient times, the tunnel system had crisscrossed through the entire hill, passing through the acclahuasi and reaching the snail-shaped fortress, the one the conquistadors had demolished upon their arrival. The passage is remarkably clean and dry, and chests in which reserves of food and clothes had once been stored still sit in recesses at intervals along the way. A rumbling rises up from the belly of the earth: it is the sound of the underground rivers flowing beneath the mountain. Peeta's eyes have not yet adapted to the darkness, and he utters a surprised cry when a hand lands on his own as lightly as a butterfly. "Katniss!" Her hand flutters against his face, taps lightly on his full lips, caresses his cheeks, and gently touches his eyelids, his forehead. Peeta tries to kiss her, to hold her, but she embraces him and then dodges away from him immediately. They laugh softly. The moment he stops grasping for her, she stops evading him. Now he feels the breath close to his own lips and at last he can make out her proffered face. They both smile even though they are unable to see another clearly through the darkness. "You're here." Katniss whispers tenderly. Peeta senses in her voice a timidity, or rather a sense of modesty so profound that he is overwhelmed by it. Those simple words have travelled far in her heart and her soul before reaching her lips. She is so close that he can smell her scent. When he draws her to him, she surrenders herself demurely. Peeta's arms closes around her, he feels her firm breasts against his chest, her lithe legs pressed along the length of his own. In no time at all, the two lovers are clutching at one another, their loins afire, their senses made dizzy by the vertigo of passion. All the energy and desire within them, all the accumulated self-constraint of their waiting is released in an instant. They feel a sudden, quivering thrill that they sustain by caressing each other's bodies. Peeta wants to be the embodiment of tenderness. He runs his hands through Katniss thick, black hair. They hold one another still for a moment. Their hearts pound so strongly that it feels as though one pulse beats for the both of them. Katniss takes the lead, placing her lips on his, touching him, undressing him, pushing him back with gentle but insistent motions so that he bends his knees and slides slowly down to the ground. Peeta feels her mouth travelling over his body, running across his face, his neck, his chest, a wave of warmth on his skin. Then he allows his own hands their freedom. They grip Katniss' smooth, strong thighs, naked under her fine wool tunic, parting them gently but firmly. He thinks he hears a new sound, a groan that blends with the subterranean murmuring of the rivers. Katniss whispers a few lively, happy sounds into his ear, words that he does not understand. 'She is so light' Peeta thinks to himself as their naked bodies burns and melts into each other. And then, overwhelmed by her caresses, he soars away with her while she whispers the words that become his undoing, "Te amo." AN: The first chapter of part two! This story is for all the readers who have read part one, 'The Princess of the Sun'. Part one will only stay here on fanfiction for about a week or so, and then I'll remove it. For all the readers who find the 'The Gold of the Incas' after 'The Princess of the Sun' is removed, I recommend that you read part one by reading the first book of The Incas trilogy by A. B. Daniel. This is only an adaptation of the real story, where I use the Hunger Games characters to tell the story. But I did change Peeta's character's upbringing to fit this version of the story better. Any new readers are always welcome to PM me if you wish to know who is who. Stay tuned for many new adventures in the "New World". Glossary: Cantutas – A sacred flower Unku – A shirtless tunic that reaches he knee and is worn by men Tocapus – A pattern with symbolic meaning. Chaski – A messenger Acclahuasi – The Virgins' house.