chest and a jump of his adam's apple that looks agonizing with the handle of the knife protruding from just above his sternum. "Anger helps my aim," I spit, stepping forward and ripping the gun from fingers already weak. Without a working windpipe, or lungs, the man can't answer any of the questions batting around in my mind. So, after deliberating, weighing my anger, and the fact that killing him will make the other stranger unable to call my threats bluffs.. I raise my arm, press the barrel into the man's forehead, and shoot. He collapses in a heap. The one holding my daughter doesn't move to prevent or even blink at the loss. I point the gun between his eyes. "Hand her over," I say. He does so, and Peeta instantly envelopes her. He is cooing. In front of our enemy. I frown, but am still glad to hear him quiet Dandelion to more human sounding sobs. While he gets to melt into a nurturing father again, I steel myself. I force the stranger to meet my gaze, hopefully hard. "Who are you?" My voice breaks, and broaches no patience. "Answer honestly, or you'll join your friend." "Just a boy." "Your name," I clarify. 'The boy' pursues his lips. I take a step forward, clicking a bullet into place. Except he is unconcerned and turns his head listlessly to the side. Two figures are exiting Haymitch's house. One dragging the other. I know for certain the limping form scrambling over the pavement is my old mentor's. In my moment of distraction, the boy lunges at me. He grasps me by the elbow, twists, and forces the gun from my hand. Peeta is at my shoulder suddenly, grave, and we both stare blankly at the weapon. "Should have just shot you," I mutter. "Silence, woman!" He seems irritated. As if the fact that I dared ask him questions and demand answers to them was crossing a line. A third masked man steps up to the corpse of the one I shot. He kicks it over, still holding Haymitch by the hair. He tuts. "Pathetic." "It was the woman," the boy supplies. "Even worse." On Haymitch's shoulder I can see where someone shot him. His face is screwed into a grimace of pain and anger. I catch his eye, hoping maybe in this dire moment he could offer advice or explanation. They're dazed. Of course. "What do you want?" Peeta asks, exasperated. He holds Dani pressed against my back, hidden. And the effort is fruitless. The third man lets go of Haymitch's hair, to slump against the grass, and then circles us. I feel like an animal on display. I have no pants still. Blood from the boy's stabbing crusts on my face, neck, and in my hopelessly tangled hair. A strand twists in the breeze against my cheek and the man comes closer to my side, so close I can smell his rank breath. Inhaling deeply, the man leans toward my face and tugs the strand loose. I don't imagine the way he drags the end of my hair over his lips. The mask leaves them bare, I realize, and I identify that they are chapped and his teeth rotten or missing (once more not something any normal Capitolite would possess), but full despite that and a light carmel color. "This one is small. Too skinny." Disgust bubbles in my stomach, at his closeness, at his words. Peeta stiffens behind me. "But I'd still have her. What do you think, boy?" His words are crude. The boy licks his own pale lips. "Yes." Peeta's hand snakes around my side. I glimpse his bruised face with streaks of blood falling from his glass-cut scalp, and his left eye is beginning to swell. But no longer grave, it's hard and his jaw is clenched so tight it should snap. An uproarious laughter breaks passed the third man's lips, spraying spit on my cheek. He drops my hair, and shoves into Peeta's shoulder, taking the baby. I strike out to grab her back - Bang! Peeta rips me down, bent at the waist and pulls me underneath him, tucked like a chick in a mother bird's wing. I barely have time to register a gun has gone off. Again, presumably directed at Peeta's reaction, gruff laughter rings out. Dandelion begins bawling, both because she is no longer with her father and the gunfire startled her "Stand up," the boy snaps, and we do. He has the gun raised over his head, pointed to the stars. "One more move out of line and the next shot won't miss." The third man paces back to the front, standing next to Haymitch. By that time our mentor has managed to push himself somewhat upright. Dani's cries turn to whimpers as the man begins stroking her face. "Ah, looks just like your woman." He's talking to Peeta now. Not once have any of them talked to me, except when I forced the boy, and he seemed upset afterward. In fact, a little embarrassed. "Shame that it's a girl. Can't get a boy on her, can you?" Peeta doesn't dignify that with an answer. "No matter. You'll have time." The third man looks up from Dandelion to smile at us, flashing gums and brown teeth. "We're not here to kill you." "Then what do you want?" I hiss. His eyes flick to me and he frowns. I wait to be admonished for speaking out. Before that can happen Peeta pulls me in at the waist and asks, voice strenuously calm, "Why are you here?" Both men share a smile. Unease rises in my gut like butterflies with drooping, heavy wings, filling my chest, making it both unbearably tight and warm. If they are not here for us , that leaves only two others. Cradling Dandelion in one arm, the man's other unfurls with the gun, aimed directly at Haymitch's head. This time, he does look at me. "Choose."