lay beside him. She gives a startled gasp as she falls and thumps on the mattress, causing Peeta to rouse from his sleep. He stares at her with heavy eyes across the bed before he brings a confused look around. "Am I still dreaming?" He asks, confused. She feels the blood creep to her cheeks, so she stands and averts the question. "Training starts today. So get dressed." He sits up, rolling his shoulders, causing the blanket and sheets to fall off him. He turns to look out the window nearest his bedside. "It's not even sun up yet. I don't wake this early for the bakery." He groans. "We can't waste the light. Better to be there when it starts rather than waste it." Haymitch says. "You couldn't have let me sleep for another hour at the least?" "Get dressed, we're waiting downstairs." Haymitch turns and goes to leave the room. "Live for the daylight, boy. You can sleep when you're dead." "Won't be long now." Peeta mumbles. Katniss, ears alert as ever, picks up on the snide comment and shoots him a scowl. "Sorry." He says sheepishly as she walks out of the room. She is met with the aroma of hot grain cooking on the stove when she enters the kitchen. Gale sits at the table, leaning over a bowl. "Ready?" She asks. He mumbles in response. Haymitch leans against as cabinet, sipping from a tea cup that he blatantly poured liquor from a flask into before, when Peeta walks down the stairs, dressed. "Right, he's here, where's everyone else." Haymitch mumbles, reaching to grab a pen from his ear under his beanie. "Taking notes?" Katniss asks. "Let me handle everything." Peeta slouches against table and grabs a bowl of hot grain for his own. "OK, let's make sure everyone's here." Haymitch says, scrawling over a blank sheet of drawing paper. "Sweetheart?" "Present." She mumbles. "Boy?" Peeta raises his arm, mouth too full of food to call. "Other boy?" Gale gives Haymitch a deadly stare. Haymitch laughs. "Blondie?" He calls. "Here!" Says Prim, rushing in from the other room. "Other blondie?" "Here." Madge says, walking into the room behind Prim. "And finally, lucky me." Haymitch grovels. "Why is Madge here." Gale says. "She has knowledge and books that will help with training." Haymitch replies. Gale stays silent again. "Alright, everyone's here. Everyone move into the other room." Haymitch says, pushing through the arch walkway. They all move and take a seat in front of the television screen, switched on and pulled to the centre of the room. "Let's get straight to it, shall we?" Haymitch offers. He clicks a button in his hand and the screen flashes to life with a photo of one of the Career Victors, Brutus. "Almost half of this years' tribute pool is made up of Career Victors" he says, clicking to the next photo, one of the older Tributes from District 4. "All of them highly skilled. Trained to their peaks. Aggressive. And angry." He clicks to a Woman named Enobaria, one of the strongest and favourites to win amongst the Capitol crowds. "They often go unmatched for speed, strength, and agility amongst the rest, so don't count out working in muscle and reflex exercises while we train." He clicks through a few more suspect tributes. "Blondie, write that down?" He asks, shooting a look at Prim. "Already got it." She waves off. Haymitch nods and turns back to the screen. "But there is one key thing they lack." He clicks to a video of a career pack from an old games, struggling to keep pace during running, constantly stopping for water and air. "Stamina." He says. "What's that, exactly?" Prim asks. "To be able to keep at something for a long period of time without tiring." Madge offers. "Exactly." Haymitch points. "These careers are trained to go and do their job quick, not over long periods of time. Do you ever see them run? No, they always walk to save their strength. They can't last a run for a half hour before fainting." He says. "So what does that mean for me?" Peeta asks. Haymitch glares. "It means, the first order of agenda is stamina." Peeta stares blankly at the screen. "Gale." Haymitch nods. "Let's go." He says, motioning at Katniss before heading toward the door. She stands and motions for Peeta to follow. "What are we doing?" He asks. "Running." Katniss says, making her way out the front door. When the three have left the room, Haymitch walks to where Prim and Madge are seated. "OK, we need to look at these books, see what we can find. Anything on foods, plants, health, strength and fitness we can use." He says. Madge nods and reaches for one of the books on top of the pile, handing one to each Haymitch and Prim. "So, how long do they run for? I want to keep them on a schedule." Haymitch stares out the window. "See how long they last today. Then tomorrow, add an extra quarter hour into the total time." "And the same thing the days after?" She says, writing on her note sheets. "Perfect." He says. "You know, you're pretty good at this mentoring thing when you're not drunk." Prim says, not taking her eyes off her page as she writes. Madge laughs from the opposite end of the table. "And you're pretty wise for a twelve year old." He quips. She smiles at him. "Anything important you see in the books, take notes. If I'm being forced to do this want to do this seriously." He grumbles. "And when do you think Peeta will stop relenting and take this seriously?" Madge asks, her pencils gliding across her note page. He takes a sip from his flask and grabs a book, settling down in a chair to read. "As soon as he realises that poor sweetheart is counting on him coming back alive with his life and her own life."