fence out of the ground for just a bit, so that he will be able to crawl under it. His determination to pass the fence seems only to intensify as he hears the baby crying. Once he is through, he follows the sound until he stands before a large oak tree that must have fallen in a storm. As he searches the tree, he spots an opening near the ground and he cannot believe his eyes at the sight that greats him. A small, moving bundle is lying inside the opening and the sounds are unmistakably the cries of a baby. He takes the small bundle in his arms and look down upon one of the sweetest baby boys he has ever laid eyes upon. The boy is definitely no older than 1 and half month, maybe two months, but certainly no older. His hair colour is golden and his complexion fair. But it is his eyes that make the man grow soft. Blue eyes, that are as clear as the sky and so full of love that it is impossible to look away. The boy has stopped crying and is instead examining the man holding him. Perhaps he thinks he is his father because of the blond hair and blue eyes that they share. His father? Maybe he could be… "Hello? Is someone out there?" the man calls out, but no answer comes. The man looks down upon the small boy in his arms. Poor little thing, he must have been abandon. Who could ever do that to such a lovely boy? He looks around the clearing, what creatures could lure out there? The baby will never survive on its own during the winter. In that moment, the man makes up his mind and turns around and walks back towards the district with the baby lying safely in his arms. He manages to return home without meeting anyone on his way – and most importantly no peacekeepers. As he enters the shop and makes his way up the stairs to their family's living quarters he is met with same scene from which he left. His wife sitting in an armchair clutching a small pink blanket while she stares into the fire with vacant eyes. "Darling." he softly says as he approaches to her. She lifts her eyes to him and they immediately harden. "What is that in your arms? You were supposed to bury her, not bring her back here. Are you out of your mind to come back with her!" The man takes a seat beside his wife. "I did bury her and laid flowers upon her grave. But I was delayed on the way home as I heard this little fellow call out." He explains. He gazes at the boy in his arms who seems to want to know where he is as he starts trashing around inside the blanket. His wife looks at him as if he had told her that he wanted to walk naked around the district. "You must be completely mental. You have not only brought home a baby to vex me in my sorrow, but Seam trash? - that's even worse! How could you do this to me!" she yells at him. "No, no, my dear. Not at all. I would never have done this if I thought it was wrong of me. Look at him. His skin is fair, his hair is blond and look at the eyes, they're blue. I don't believe there is a single drop of Seam in him." he assures her. His wife reluctantly takes a peak inside the blanket and to her astonishment she sees everything her husband had described. The small boy must have seen her too, since he starts to squirm even more inside his blanket, managing to get his tiny arms free and almost reaches for her as he starts whimpering. The man smiles a sad smile in his wife's direction "I know you're hurting. But I believe with all my heart, that I must have found this little boy for a reason. Fate might have taken our daughter from us, but now we have been fortunate enough to be granted a son. It is as if he was meant to be ours. Goodness me, he looks almost to be newborn. No one would have to know about what has happened tonight. No one would ever have to know besides you and me." He turns his attention to the boy that has clearly grown unhappy. "You poor little thing, how much suffering you have already been through. You must be starving." he coos. His wife lets out a heavy sigh and throws away the pink blanket. "Fine! Give him to me." she states. The man unwraps the baby from the bundle and handles him to his wife. As she starts to unbind the strings on the front of her dress with one hand, she sharply points out that no one can know about him not being their biological son… ever! And as the small boy greedily sucks the milk from her breast, she aims a question at both her new son and at her husband, now a father of three. "Well, little one, what shall we call you?" The answer comes swiftly from her husband, "Peeta… Peeta Mellark." Author's Note: This is an idea that I have been thinking about for almost a year, and I finally managed to sit down and actually write the prologue. I know that there are stories out there with either Katniss or Peeta being the child of Snow, and I love those stories even though I cannot say to have read them all, but I thought I would give it a go with my own twist to it. I have so many ideas to where this story can lead to, but I guess it will be decided as I go along. Since English is not my first language, I apologize for all the mistakes I have made.