and beside his feet is a small sheet on the ground, full of plants and berries. Berries! I didn't see any berries at the plants station but I'm so hungry. He's gone and immediately I dart forward, grabbing a handful. I'll only eat one… one may hurt me, but I'm sure it won't kill me. I put it to my lips holding it tenderly, then it's in my mouth and I've swallowed. I was wrong… one is enough to kill me… I can feel the poison already, I'm not going home. Cato I can't let them win… I can't. I pull myself to my feet, trying not to draw attention as Katniss shoots an arrow and what can no doubt be Thresh, or the mutt with Thresh's eyes. I can't let them win together, it's Clove and me who should have finished together, I won't let them have that. I reach down and grab Peeta, jerking him away from Katniss's side as she turns around and within moments I have him in a headlock, my arm squeezing his airways as he tries to claw at my arm, though I won't let go. She stands and aims one of her arrows, no doubt her last or second to last, at my head and I just laugh at her. "Shoot me and he goes down with me." I smile triumphantly at her; if she shoots I'll move so she hits Peeta, if I move I get shot. It's like the stalemate with Thresh all over again, but I will win, as soon as Peeta dies I can use him as a shield for her arrows and barge her, knocking her straight over the edge and then throwing his body down onto her and finally being crowned victor, the title I deserve. He's turning blue and I know I'm moments from winning, soon they'll announce my name, my victory, and take me home. Peeta, with his last few breaths I don't doubt, points up at my arm, what the hell is he planning? He draws something in the air over… over my hand? An X? What? Fuck. I know what's about to happen just before it does but too late, the arrow has forced its way into my hand. "Agh!" I can't hold on to him, even I can't fight against the reflex action of dropping him, and now it dawns on me that I can't win, not now, and maybe was never meant to. Peeta slams into me and I stagger back, trying to reach out for him but lose my footing and fall as I see Katniss yank him out of harm's way. I hit the ground with a thud and shout in pain as the mutts dive on top of me, clawing me, snarling, spitting, biting. I've dropped my sword but I take out a knife, one I found back at our old campsite which Clove had left and try to fend them off. If not for my body armour I know I'd be dead, but as long as I have it there's a chance I can win, I can't give up. Pain sears through my body as I slash out at the mutts again and again, yet still howl in pain as, when one falls, another takes its place at my body and begins clawing at me. Blood clouds my vision as pain, from who knows how many scars, boils within me, practically unbearable. Against my own will, I let out cries of pain and agony. It hurts so, so much but I'm still alive, why couldn't they be poisonous, why can't they let me die? I see them properly now, I thought I had when I was running but no, not now, now I properly see them, all of them with their fur the colour of their hair, the eyes, their eyes, and each with a colour, marked with their district. All of them, from the brat all the way to the hulking large dog figure of Thresh. Marvel and Glimmer are there too, and Clove, and all the other kids I killed, 3, Coral, those from the cornucopia, in this spot maybe, where this all started. Is this their way of getting revenge? Perhaps those back in their own districts are cheering right now, cheering my death. I know I can't win now, what hope I had is gone. All the other tributes… dead, except for me, and 12. Perhaps I was never meant to win, maybe if I'd paid more attention at the cornucopia I would have seen Thresh, I would have saved Clove and then killed them both. Then all we'd have to do is find Foxface and Peeta and then we'd be the victors, but no. No, Clove died. And now I'm going to die as well. I want to die, right here, right now, and stop this pain, this suffering. I let out another moan as the Mutts begin to drag me into the cornucopia, will they finish me now? Let me die? I can't fight them anymore exhaustion has overwhelmed me and my hand is so covered in blood and bites that it's useless anyway. They say that you see your life flash before your eyes when you die, but I see nothing of my life, I just see pain. I hear footsteps above me, and the sound of an arrow being drawn. Is this the last piece of mercy I'll get? Will she save me from dying in slowly and painfully? A feint twang meets my ears as its let loose, straight towards my head, and the memory of Clove, smiling and laughing, drifts to the front of my mind. Hoped you all liked it, and if you read my other fanfic you'll no doubt have recognised the thoughts from Clove and Cato :) which were actually the same, I just linked them with everyone else's thoughts :D! Thought it would be fun ^_^ Hope you liked it! Review! -Tara xxx