sense" will change that. He knows that I'm too selfish to care about the rest of the District. Gale wants to stay with me, he loves me. But the part of him saying to stay and fight wins the war. Even though I don't care about the rebellion in the least. If he thinks I'm selfish, he's ten times worse. He speaks with tears in his eyes. "Katniss, I'm not coming." The tears spill out of my eyes, and I can't contain my sobs. I don't try to, because this was it. I was losing Gale forever. Forever. I feel his hands on my shoulders, I hear him saying something but I don't care. Maybe I'm selfish, but there's also something called being too self less. Which is what he is. It's a good five minutes until I'm even slightly reachable. Gale keeps stroking me. Then, once I've calmed down enough to hear him, he speaks calmly. "Katniss, listen." "No, Gale, you-" "Just listen!" I do. He sighs. "I'm so sorry. Words can't anywhere near say how sorry I am. The fact of this is, we have very different beliefs. You like to flee, I like to fight. Which is fine, Katniss. And I'm sorry it had to come down to us having to split apart forever. If there's anything, anything I can do to make it up to-" Anger. That's all I feel. Gale can't make it up to me. He cannot. There is nothing in Panem's sake he can do that will make it up to me. All I fell is pure anger that courses through my veins. I stomp on his foot hard, and then slap him. I would have slapped him again if he hadn't grabbed me, restraining me. But I continue to struggle. " Gale, Peeta is willing to ditch his family for me! He's willing to do EVERYTHING for this! I'm not asking you to do the same, but you're giving up your life for STRANGERS YOU HARDLY EVEN KNOW!? I can't believe you!" His attempts to placate me fail miserably. Eventually, I just slap his hand away and sit down on a rock, unreachable. Gale wasn't going. Gale wasn't going. I would never see him again. Then, for some unfathomable reason, he does the same, sitting on the ground, tears streaming out of his eyes. Has he finally realized what he's done to me? After a few more minutes, my sobs slow, and I stand up shakily. My face feels dry and blotchy, and I'm sure my eyes are as red as the fire from the Games. My legs are wobbly as I walk away without a word. I hear Gale calling me back, but I completely ignore him. I continue to walk until I'm nearly out of his sight. Part of me doesn't want to take another step because I know that once I step away from Gale I'll never step back towards him. But that thought is quickly devoured in the sea of anger and hatred that is now sending waves rolling through my brain. Suddenly a shadow crosses over my head, and a strong wind whips up where there wad only been a slight breeze before. I hear a loud creaking noise, and then a terrifying, heart wrenching, scream. Gale. Was this it? Had the war begun? Were people already dying, being wiped off the map? Was Gale gonna be the first? Despite my unquenchable anger at Gale, I spin around to see what had happened. I gasp as I see the cause of the shadow that looms above me, and a flood of memories comes rushing back. I see Glimmer, the swollen tracker jacker lumps that cover her body. I see Rue, the hovercraft that came in to lift her lifeless body out of the arena... I shake myself out of it as I turn back towards the present. Gale is ensnared in a claw, and is being slowly lifted up into the hovercraft, to be taken to who knows where. Probably certain death. I sprint towards him so fast that my braid whips straight up in the wind. My face is burning with cold, and my clothing is being whipped all over my body from the fierce wind. But I will not let the Capitol take Gale. I need to save him. I stretch up on my tip toes and I can just grasp the claw that is trapping Gale. My muscles burn as I attempt to drag the heavy metal claw back down closer to the ground. But I doubt that Cato would have been strong enough to do that. Despite all of my efforts, The claw is not lowering. I realize that I have been lifted off my feet and I am now being dragged upward to wherever Gale is going. My shoulders scream as I am lifted five feet above the ground. 10 feet. "Katniss, no!" Gale screams. His voice is half lost in the wind. "I'm not leaving you Gale!" I scream back. It was the truth. I couldn't save Gale. So I was going to face whatever he was gonna face with him. Together. Side by side. But the claw unexpectedly rushes back down towards the ground. I shriek as my stomach does a backflip. As my feet touch the ground I think that I may have done it, that my weight may have been too much for the claw. That I'd saved Gale. But no. Suddenly powerful bolts of electricity run through the metal. My hands instinctively let go of the claw, tingly pain running through them. The claw is now rising at top speed. I jump for it, but my hands wouldn't have been able to manage it, and Gale is too high. I stare upward, sobbing helplessly, as Gale is grabbed and lifted into the hovercraft. It speeds away, the wind nearly knocking me over, dirt flying into my tear-stained face. And by the time it stops, Gale is gone.