and sitting crisscrossed on the floor behind her as the thunder shudders outside their bedroom window and he can't take his eyes off the tumbled, twisted bond of her braid, until the longing is too much and he buries his hand within the tresses, smiles, and tells her to continue talking. 36: Market He goes to the market with her sometimes, but he knows the people are afraid of him, the man who went insane... yet they love her and he knows she loves them, so he always finds an excuse once they get there to separate, and watches her from behind one of the shops as she gets hugs and smiles and laughs that she would not have received if he were at her side. 37: Technology When she finds out that the school is having a field trip, traveling by hovercraft, she refuses to let their children go and he tries to talk her out of that kind of thinking, that they need to know, that it will happen someday, that times are changing and not just monsters fly in the sky, and she breaks after he tells her an hour long tale of how the stars are up there, and the mockingjays, too, and that it is a once in a life time chance. 38: Gift For her forty-seventh birthday he gives her a picture of himself, when he was young, and she blinks at in bewilderment until he explains that he wanted her to remember him that way for later, tonight, while he's giving her the real gift. 39: Smile It seemed almost just like him, natural, that while she was crying and barely pulling through, he had a smile tracing across lips that were already going cold as she cradled his old, wrinkled face in her lap, waiting for the strength he had promised her she would find so she could call the funeral home. 40: Innocence Deep down he was always better than her, she knew that, but one night, when their son of three whispers a confession of fear for his daddy it breaks her heart, and she wants to keep it from him, yet she finds him anyway, tells him about it and rocks him as he cries into her shoulder, weeping tears of innocent, earnest pain. 41: Angst There is a certain kind of pain that only loss can give and as she sits in the middle of the forest against the base of an oak tree with her bow in her hands, she wishes she had a gun again, like those days in the Capitol, but she doesn't.. not even the pill Cinna had designed to put in her suit.. no, she has only the bow and it isn't quite so simple shooting herself in the eye as it was a squirrel. 42: Clouds She entertains his imaginings about the shapes of bunnies and horses and castles in the clouds as they lay in the meadow, but all she can think is about the rain that they're going to bring, and chooses to keep that pessimistic piece of herself locked away. 43: Sky He's started to notice she is more willing to go outside or to the market on rainy days than the sunny ones and it seems odd at first, but then he realizes that she's depending on the rain to scare away the life in District 12, so every time she goes he splashes in puddles, lets the rain soak his clothes underneath his jacket and laughs at her when she scowls and turns her head away. 44: Heaven They are all drunk and Haymitch is arguing with him about the means of what happens after someone dies and she listens with half-interest, until he turns to her, frustrated with the old man's lack of optimism and demands her opinion, but she merely just tells him she hates the word heaven, because it reminds her of Heavensbee. 45: Hell Their daughters first curse word comes from Haymitch, and it is one that makes him wince, because he didn't want her to think about what eternal damnation meant, but he explains the word to her anyway, even when her mother stands in the background shaking her head at him in wonderment. 46: Sun Sometimes she imagines that his fingers running across her flesh, ghosting against her face, whisking past her breasts and down her belly, is sunlight, leaving a patch of warm, tingling skin in his wake. 47: Moon She tries not to make a fool of herself when their children come to the dinner table explaining that the moon is the thing that controls the ocean, and while she eats quietly, pretending she'd known, he is leaning closer to the seven and ten year old, asking a million questions. 48: Waves Their bodies move together as opposites, just like their personalities, so while his tongue runs up the length of her neck she is bucking against his hips, trying to get on top, but his hands around her waist are fighting for the same stake... the two of them wrestling themselves into a blur of waves, rocking together with abandonment. 50: Supernova The twilight is silhouetting her against the sky and he aches to touch her, wants to stand next to her, but he knows that she doesn't want to be disturbed and so he sits heavily in the grass, eyes dazed, watching her pace along the edge of the wilderness that just barely leans forward to kiss the gate of District 11. (This last one is in need of an explanation; Basically, Katniss was sick of being tapped in District 12 and the two of them escaped to the wilderness. With Peeta unable to resist her, he agrees to travel somewhere, even though it is against her sentence, and when they finally reach the nearest place, she is at a conflict... and Peeta is just too happy to do anything but lazily stare at her... I guess.)