heard her talk until Katniss was around. In the past couple months, though, I've learned she's got a little fire in her. I love to push her buttons, get her riled up; cheeks flushed, eyes bright, and always ready to give it right back to me. Katniss has always been there to intervene before things got too heated, but I've always had a feeling she'd be a worthy opponent in a real argument. Of course I'd win, but it would be fun to play with her, make her lose her ever-present perfect composure. I nod at her, "Undersee." She looks confused. "Um, would you like to come in or?" "Nope," I lift up the pail of strawberries, "strawberries." "Oh, duh. Of course. Why don't you come in while I get your money?" "That's really not necessary. I'm fine out here." I pause, eh might as well get a jab in, "No need to be polite, I'm sure you don't want me to get coal all over your mansion." I wait for the familiar flash of anger, she hates it when I mention anything to do with her money, I love it. And she does not disappoint, she rolls her eyes, "Don't worry about it Gale I know how to use a mop." And with that she turns around and walks down short hallway to the kitchen. Halfway there she turns around, "Coming?" I shake my head and chuckle, "I guess I am." Madge I love everything about the piano; learning new songs, composing my own songs, how the keys feel beneath my fingertips, the way I can express myself through the music. It's the only time I really feel comfortable to show people me. Music allows me to escape my body, and my mind, and the way that the music can pull me into my own little world it's just amazing. It's my own brief escape from this hellhole. Mar was right this song is perfect. Once I got a hold on the changing tones and tempos, the song just took a hold of me. When I'm in the piano zone everything else just drifts away. It's just me, my piano, and the music flowing from my fingertips. A loud knocking breaks through my trance ending my brief escape. Slightly annoyed at whoever intervened in my me time, I pull away from the piano. The knocking came from the backdoor, who would be here at this time? We're not expecting any deliveries today. I walk quickly through the kitchen, and down the short hallway to the door. I pull it open- Gale. So, I guess my day is just destined to be bad. "Oh, Gale. I wasn't expecting you." Of course, I don't know who else it could've been. He nods, "Undersee." Why is he here? He wouldn't come to talk about Katniss. Right? That does not sound like Gale at all. But I don't see any strawberries so.. "Um, would you like to come in or?" "No," he moves a pail of strawberries into view-oh, "strawberries." "Oh of course." Well I'm not going to take the offer back now. "Why don't you come in while I get your money?" I just know he's going to make some snide comment; won't I be worried he'll steal something? or that he has better things to do, possibly that I don't want him to 'dirty' the place, or maybe thanking me for condescending to allow him into my home. "That's really not necessary. I'm fine out here." Hmm I thought for sure he would- "No need to be polite, I'm sure you don't want me to get coal all over your mansion." – ah yes. There it is. And he went with the 'dirty' one I see. And like always, he throws the fact that I have money in my face, like I can help it. I saw it coming he always does this, I swear he tries to make me angry. Like he enjoys it or something, and he's just toying with me. Still, it works every time. I think about arguing with him about his comment, but that will just lead to the bigger argument that seems as if it will always be between us. And this time Katniss won't be here to stop it. I don't see him getting over his preconceptions anytime soon, so instead I just roll my eyes, "Don't worry about it Gale I know how to use a mop." Smirking, I turn to go into the kitchen for his money. I enjoy the little sparring matches with Gale. I never really get a chance to have a nice back-and-forth argument with anyone. Gale, despite the fact that he can't see past his prejudices, is a great guy. I know all about, from Katniss, how he's risked his life all the time since he was fourteen to provide for his family. And I've seen him with his family, his little sister Posy on his shoulders, his youngest brother Vick attaching himself to Gale's leg, while Gale has Rory in a choke-hold. He's a great brother. And he's quite handsome too; he's 6-foot something, has dark hair, and stormy grey eyes, and he is mmm so muscular. I'm not blind, I can see everything Gale has going for him, and if the rumors are true he's used those things to his advantage- I guess you could say- and many times too, but it's not like I have some crush on him. I know nothing would ever happen between us. I don't want anything to ever happen between us. It's just not plausible, we have nothing in common, and I have a sneaking suspicion that he hates me. And no chance in hell I'm going to waste my time crushing on someone who hates me. Halfway to the kitchen I realize he's not following me I turn around, "Coming?" I hear him chuckle and then, "I guess I am." AN: What did y'all think?! Review, review, review! :p