it around dramatically before pulling out a slip of paper beneath two elongated fingernails. She then walks over to the podium and smooth's it out. Not Katniss. Not Katniss. I know it's wrong to wish for another girl to be the one to die, but right now I don't care, I just don't want Katniss to be the girl who dies this year. And I'm right. It isn't Katniss. "Primrose Everdeen." It's worse than Katniss. The crowd murmurs unhappily as they always do when a 12-year-old is chosen, but my head whips around to look at Katniss, who simply looks speechless. She blinks and then opens her mouth but I don't hear what she shouts. She tries again, and this time everyone hears. "Prim!" The small fair-haired girl I've come to love like a little sister keeps walking towards the stage, her fists clenched as I know she tries not to cry. She's almost at the steps when the other kids' part for Katniss as she runs forward and pushes the small child behind her. "I volunteer!" NO. Katniss, No! "I volunteer as tribute!" Confusion spreads like wildfire across the district. District 12 hasn't had a volunteer in decades and the protocol itself has become rusty. In some districts, people volunteer willingly, there, winning the reaping is a great honour, like districts 1 and 2, sometimes 4, but here it's a death sentence. The rule is that once a tribute's name has been pulled another eligible child of the same gender can step forward to take his or her place. "Lovely! But I believe there's a small matter of introducing the reaping winner and then asking for volunteers and then if one does come fort then we, umm…" Effie trails off; most of the square is glaring daggers at her. "What does it matter?" The mayor cuts across her and I see him look to Katniss with a pained expression on his face, the girl who brings him the strawberries. Five years ago he presented both her and me with a medal of valour for our fathers, who were vaporised in the mines, now all he is thinking is that the girl he gave the medal to all those years ago will never come home after today, it's clear from the look on his face. "What does it matter? Let her come forward." Prim's hysteric screams fill the square as she wraps her arms about Katniss refusing to let go. I walk quickly towards them as she continues to shout how she can't go, and she won't let her. "Prim, let go." Katniss's voice is sharp but I know her well enough to know it's just for the camera's, she doesn't want to seem weak, and the competition will watch her daring her to cry so as to mark her as an easy target. Katniss won't let that happen. I reach them and go to pull little Prim up and away from her. She thrashes hard, tears streaming down her face but I just wrap her more tightly in my arms and look to Katniss determinedly. "Up you go Catnip." I turn and head towards Mrs Everdeen, Prim still shouting in my arms, as Effie talk's nonsense and almost seems excited about my best friend going to her death, and I hear "Katniss Everdeen" echoing throughout the square as she's asked her name. As I pass Prim over to her mother, both of them wrap themselves in each other's arms as Effie dares to ask for a round of applause for "our newest tribute". No-one claps. I turn to face the stage again and go to return to my place, and the whole square is silent. Then a shift occurs and one by one almost every member of the crowd touches three middles fingers of their left hand to their lips, and holds it out to her, my best friend, who has now become something precious to us all. I join the salute, a gesture that is very old, and rarely used, it means thanks, it means admiration, and it means goodbye to someone you love. It has never been used more appropriately in history. She looks like she's about to cry, yet then Haymitch staggers up and throws an arm about her shoulders. "Look at her! Look at this one! I like her! Lots of… Spunk!" He releases her and staggers a bit as she continues to shout and holler at the top of his lungs. "More than you!" He turns to the closest camera boy and points directly down the lens. "More than you!" Is he addressing the capitol? I don't know, and then he plummets off the stage in front of his all, knocking himself unconscious. Haymitch is whisked away and I see Katniss has composed herself. Effie then continues as though nothing happened. "What an exciting day! But more excitement to come! It's time to choose our boy tribute!" How is that more exciting. She walks over to the great glass balls once more, this time the one for the boys, and reaches inside. I try to catch Katniss's eye, willing her to look at her so I can let her know through looks rather than words that it'll be alright, we've always been able to do that. Becoming hunting partners has allowed us to know each other almost, if not better, than we know ourselves. But she looks determinedly over the hills, and I know my attempt is futile. If she didn't have to, I doubt she'd even look at the boy tribute when his name is called, as she knows he'll only have to die, for her to come home. Effie smooth's out the slip as before and coughs that irritating cough of hers, before speaking the one name that could make this day the worst it could possibly be. "Gale Hawthorne." Please remember to review, the support is what encourages me to keep on writing. Next chapter will be up soon! Thanks! ~Tara