Without thinking, she blamed it on the cold winter morning. "Now those were some good times", Gale muttered softly while pulling his hand through his dark hair. "They sure were", Katniss admitted. They really had been good times. In fact, that day out hunting had been one of the days before Gale had started acting so ridiculous. She widened her eyes and stared at Gale for a moment as he trudged his way through the snow and dropped the rabbit off into the concrete house. "Something happened that day, didn't it?" Katniss spoke softly, and she couldn't keep the slight edge of accusation from her tone. "What are you talking about?" Gale replied, but kept his face hidden from her. "It was just a good Sunday, that is all." Anger flared up in Katniss as she realized he was lying. "Gale, I know you are lying! What happened that day? Why did you start behaving like a prick after that?" "Nothing happened! We just had a good time!" Gale spat back and he turned to face Katniss. His face was contorted in.. denial? Disbelief? Desperation? Katniss did not know. "We said we wouldn't lie to each other, Gale! You have my back, I have yours, that was the deal! You owe me an explanation for the past weeks if nothing else!" Katniss growled back at him and began trudging towards him. Gale did not retort with another snappy comment, instead he turned his face to the side and scowled at the ground in anger. "Don't you dare be mad at me without telling me what I did wrong. That is not fair." Katniss growled as she grabbed Gale's jaw and turned his head to face her. Gale grabbed the wrist she used and firmly kept it in place on his face as his steely eyes seemed to collide with Katniss'. "It was you, okay? You looked so.. so.. carefree that day. Your face was all flushed from the snow and there were flakes in your hair and.." Gale suddenly gritted his teeth and took a step back, releasing her hand. "Then why did you start acting like a scumbag all of the sudden?" Katniss asked, but for some reason her cheeks had already begun to redden. "Because I realized that I wanted to do anything to make you that happy again! I would do anything to get you to smile like that!" Gale pulled his hand through his hair again and eyed her with unwilling grey eyes. "You're not making any sense, Gale", Katniss whispered as she felt her face begin to redden faster. Gale shook his head. "I didn't want you to know something had changed. I didn't want to corrupt our friendship, but everything I got close to you I felt like I needed to prove myself. I started acting stupid." Gale shook his head again and grimaced. At himself, Katniss realized. "I can't believe this. For weeks you disturbed my hunting, acted like an ass and were overall terrible company, because you.. you liked me?" Katniss wanted to bury her head in the thick layer of snow, but she forced herself to keep her eyes on Gale. This Gale was so much different from the old, smooth Gale that kissed girls behind the school and haggled mercilessly in the Hob. The Gale that could force wire into doing his hill en encasing animals without damaging the pelt. The Gale that had haunted a few of her dreams with his steely eyes and adept fingers. Katniss gulped. Gale had been looking at her as she reminisced over the old Gale and let his shoulders slump down in understanding. He began turning around and trudging back through the snow towards District 12. "Don't forget the rabbit", he muttered over his shoulder, but he stumbled as soon as the snowball hit the back of his head. He turned around to see Katniss with a grin on her face, forming a second snowball in her hands. He grinned as he shook the snow from his head. "Looks like your aim isn't a problem anymore, Catnip." "I could teach you a thing or two, if you want", Katniss laughed as she launched her second snowball at him. He dodged it easily and sprinted at her with a smirk on his face, scooping up snow from the ground in the process. Katniss turned and ran in an effort to dodge the oncoming snow pile, but Gale easily overtook her with his head start and dumped the armful of snow on top of her. They continued their snowball fight until they both sat in the snow on their knees, breathing heavily and faces flushed from the cold. Katniss scooped up another batch of snow as a laughing Gale crept up on her and launched it at his face as he came too close. Gale fell over backwards, laughing still, and shook the snow from his face. Katniss crawled next to him and supported her face on her arms as she looked at him with a grin. "Please don't lie to me anymore", she whispered softly, her grin fading slightly as her tone became serious. Gale allowed her a sincere smile that reached his steely eyes. "I promise." Katniss suddenly leaned over him, overcome by gratitude that all this silliness was now behind them and pressed the softest kiss to Gale's lips. He wrapped his arms around her and held her in place for a moment, then released her as she pulled back. Her cheeks were a bright red as she met his grey eyes with her own. They gathered up their supplies in silence and began the long journey back to District 12, hunting along the way. Before they reached the fence, they were holding hands, still too unfamiliar with the feeling, but too fascinated with the feeling to let go. It was then that the harsh winter had reached its peak, and the world slowly started warming up to make way for spring.