a winner nearly every year, hence why many of our victors are unable to live in the victor's village, nearly all the houses being occupied." "Yes." Is this going where I think it's going? "Well then young man, the fellow trainers, victors, peacekeepers and I have been watching the progress of many of those training here, and this year you will be our male tribute." Ah so I was right, that is what he wants. Well I admit I'm honoured, thrilled in fact, I've been training for this for 10 long years, hoping that I would be picked. It's well known in our training centre, in most of our district in fact, that the victors pick who will be volunteering that year, they pick whoever performs best and who they genuinely believe will win the Hunger Games, rather than wait for the reaping, they want a victor. "Well?" Oh yeah, my reply. "Oh. Right, that's great I'm honoured." "Good. You may return to training, on the day of the reaping, regardless of who is called, you are to volunteer and take your place on the stage with your fellow tribute, whoever that may be." "Has a girl tribute been told to volunteer too?" "No Cato, not this year, we can only have one victor after all, no point picking two of our best fighters when one of them is sure to die. Whoever is reaped will go to the games, no volunteers." In other words, no 18 year old girl has proved herself able to win the hunger games, as they never choose anyone younger than 18 unless they're genuinely exceptional. "Ah. Of course." "Now go." "Yes sir. Thank you sir." "Peacekeepers will be outside ready to return you to training." I nod before standing and walking out of the door. Two peacekeepers then begin to guide me towards the elevator, down to the ground floor, and back to the training room. They push open the door and let me walk in, before returning to their posts, wherever that may be. Clove is still at the agility station and she smiles when she sees me but I simply smirk weakly before going over to the swords again… this is just too weird. I beat three opponents before all of us are told that training is over and that it is time for us to return home and to report again at 6 O'clock the next morning. Clove instantly comes over to me smiling and I nod at her though I don't tell her what happened yet. "So? What did Jyro want?" "Not here." I look warily at the others as they leave and don't speak again until we're out the building and heading back towards our street, I don't really fancy the idea of everyone knowing that I've been picked and they're not actually meant to know until the day of the reaping. No-one outside of district two is meant to know that we train for the Games, let alone that our previous victors and the trainers choose who is going to go into the arena regardless of who is reaped. Conveniently Clove and I have lived on the same street for about a year now, her parents decided to move closer to the training station last year so we walk to and from training together every day now. As we turn into our street she looks to me and raises an eyebrow expectantly. "So?" "I'm going in the hunger games this year." "Oh cool, you've been chosen to volunteer? That's great!" "Jyro told me I have to." "Weren't you going to anyway?" "Yeah I guess… but I wanted to do it on my own terms I guess. That's all." "Hey, don't worry about it okay?" I smile weakly as she playfully punches me on the shoulder. I guess I can be myself around Clove, she's just like me, messed up family, and a kick ass opponent, though I might never see her again after the games begin… "They're not making a girl tribute volunteer right? Not wanting to waste two great fighters and all?" "Nope. Seem to think one will be enough. Anyway I best be getting home, see ya Clove" "See ya Cato." We go our separate ways and I can't help but sigh as I reach the door to my apartment. I turn the key and walk inside. My family is already sat at the table eating and my mother turns to me instantly. "Well?" "I'm going into the hunger games this year." My little brother looks down a little sadly, our elder brother died a few years ago in his hunger games after he was chosen to volunteer and my brother fears I'm going to die as well, though my mother just grins wickedly and my father smirks. "You better win, I want a bigger apartment, you hear? Don't you dare be an idiot and die like your older brother." "Yes mother." "Your mother's right, you win, we haven't spent our hard earned money on you and your siblings to go train just for you to enter and then lose the hunger games." "Yes father." "Have some dinner and then go to bed." I take a seat beside my brother, he's only 8 and started his training this year, ever since brother died he's been getting quieter and quieter and now he's practically silent, though he's still the sneakiest person I know. My sister on the other hand smiles at me, she's 13 and reminds me so much of Clove it's scary, except for the fact that her hair colour is blonde like mine and is always loose, flowing down her back, instead of Clove's dark hair which is always kept in a ponytail, no matter the environment. I eat quickly before heading to my room and settling on my small bed. I'm going into the hunger games, what I've trained for my entire life, I'm going in, and I'm going to win, no matter what.