begins to braid my hair while humming a soft tune. I don't recognize the song, but I do recognize the melody and I have to gulp down an imaginary lump in my throat. She only hums that tune when she is reminded of something sad, or when she is anxious. After she has finished, Prim asks me to twirl for her. I do so reluctantly, but her eyes light up in delight as my blue dress swirls ever so slightly around me. "You look beautiful," says Prim. "Not as beautiful as you, little duck," I tease half-heartedly, while tucking in the back of her white blouse. She hugs me close and my heart aches. "I'm scared, Katniss," she whispers softly, burying her head against my chest. "But there is no need to be afraid, little duck. There is no way that you will be pulled. You are only in there once." Prim looks up to me for a moment, her eyes indicating that is not exactly what she meant. She is not scared for herself, but scared for me. "Listen Prim, you just need to distract yourself.." I mutter softly as I cup her face. "But how? How can I think of anything else than the Reaping?" "You just have to think of other things. Happy things." I listen to my own words and realise how silly my comforting really is, but it's all I can offer her. "Things like what?" Prim's voice is small. Almost as small as she really is. "Well.. Kitten paws walking in the snow. Or.. grain broth with cinnamon and fruit. The first flowers of spring." "Or girls in blue dresses with blue satin sashes," Prim grins up at me as she lets her fingers run along my blue dress. I nod and fake a smile and hug her as tightly as I can. Prim, my mother and I eat in silence that seems to grow heavier with every second that passes. When we leave, my mother waves us out, working hard to keep up a smile that does not reach her eyes. I firmly hold Prim's hand until we reach the square and we are forced to release each other. We file into our corresponding lines and sign in. After that we are herded into the square and lined up per age group. The adults and kids too young for the Reaping gather around the edges of the square, praying that the ones they love are not pulled. As my eyes glide over the big glass ball that holds the girls' paper slips and wonder what would happen if someone shot that ball, causing it to shatter and release the paper slips to the wind. I grunt softly. Who am I kidding. Nothing would change. Nothing ever changes. Mayor Undersee and Effie Trinket take their place on the stage. Effie looks ridiculous with her pink hair and long nails. She is wearing a green suit that sets off her hair and eyelashes, that have the same pink colour. I zone out as Mayor Undersee begins his speech. It is the same as every year. The same history about Panem and how the Capitol brought civilization to a land of chaos. The Districts brought prosperity and peace to its citizens. But despite that gift, the citizens rebelled and District 13 was obliterated. The Dark Days were ended and the Hunger Games were initialized as a reminder for the districts. From 24 tributes provided by the districts, only one will remain standing. As Mayor Undersee tells the history and the rules of the Games in a monotonous voice, I look for Prim in the crowd. She's standing, facing the stage with her arms crossed behind her back, a thing she only does when she is scared. She used to stand like that in the corner of our house as I tried to yell some sense into our distanced mother. "It is both a time for repentance and a time for thanks," the mayor says and ends his speech. Suddenly, the doors behind him open and a drunk Haymitch Abernathy stumbled onto the stage. He staggers into the third chair on the stage and remains there as she scowls at both the crowd and Effie Trinket, who seems to edge away from him and his drunk odour. Effie Trinket takes the Mayor's place and talks to the crowd in her usual bubbly manner. Her extreme happiness with the Reaping is almost adorable. Almost. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favour!" says Effie, smiling brightly as she spreads her arms, hopeful in receiving an applause, a cheer, anything. The crowd stays silent, though, and Effie bounces to the girls' ball of glass. I see a glint of Gale as I glance towards the boys' side, and gulp as he wears the same dark expression he had in the woods. The odds are definitely not in his favour. He had been entered exactly forty two times. Amongst thousands of other slips this would not be a big issue, but still. Forty two slips with Gale's name on it. He's wearing a light blue shirt with the cuffs rolled up to his elbows. A small defiance against the big Capitol. His blue shirt reminds me of my blue dress, and how Prim had looked when she had said those words. Girls in blue dresses with blue satin sashes. I am given no time to worry about Gale, though, because Effie has reached the girls' glass ball. "Ladies first!" she says happily and reaches in, flexes her fingers with those unnatural long nails and digs in the large pile, emerging with a single slip of paper. The silence in the square is heavy, tensed and collective. I'm feeling nauseous and desperately pray that it is not my name that is written on that slip. Effie Trinket crosses back to the microphone on the stage and reads out the name in a clear, bubbly voice. "Primrose Everdeen!"