words sink in. "My sources have informed me that no attempts were made to save your family." My body is still shaking uncontrollably. But I feel more in control, the shock slowly abating. His sources? Gale was in on it? "The rebels bombed your home, Peeta," he says to me. "They tried to make it look like we did it, but they wanted to make you suffer, to make sure Miss Everdeen becomes their icon, that's why they made sure her family made it out. I may be a violent man, Peeta, but I would never condone the bombing of a helpless district." I nod dumbly. The words still not sinking in. My entire family is gone. My parents. My brothers. I'm never going to see them again. My eyes dart from side to side, trying to understand that realisation. I'm never going to see my family again. They're dead. I have no one left. They're all gone. My entire body shudders and I collapse to the floor. The tears flow seamlessly. It doesn't feel real, but it is and I know it is when I look up and see that the image has been replaced with footage of my home. I watch from my position on the floor, as the camera moves through the rubble and I see the bodies of people I recognise. People I know. No, I remind myself, knew. They're dead now. I watch as the camera approaches the bakery, my home and I can't stop the cry that leaves my mouth. I see my family. My parents and my brothers. Their bodies are blackened and burnt, their mouths open in unending screams and their faces contorted with fear, but it's them. I feel my blood drain away. My lungs constrict and I struggle to breathe. My body screams for air but refuses to let any enter. I clench my hands into fists as my skin becomes cold and clammy. No. No, no, no, no, no, no! "No!" The scream is out of my mouth before I can stop myself and Snow turns off the footage. I bury my head between my knees, my hands covering my head as I cry. I can't look at the footage any more. My heart aches painfully, unbearably. "I'm sorry, Peeta," he says and I hear his footsteps as he approaches me, "but I thought you should know." I don't respond. I can't. I can barely breathe let alone communicate. I feel him place a hand on my shoulder and I resist the urge to flinch from his touch. We stay silent for some time. I'm not sure how long as the only thing that I'm aware of is the fact that my family are dead, my district destroyed. I know it's because me. Because of me and Katniss. Because of what we did. I need to fix it. No one else can suffer the same way I have. No one deserves it. I hate Snow and the Capitol for what they have done, but I have to fix this. I lift my head and see that Snow has been watching me, a torn look of curiosity and sympathy consume his face. "What is it you want of me?" Snow's face instantly changes to one of happiness and I know that he has me. I have nothing to lose but people to save. "Call for a ceasefire," he tells me. "You hate this division between the Capitol and the rebels as much as I do. Call for a ceasefire before this gets any worse, before more lives are lost." "Why should I trust you?" I agree with him in calling a ceasefire. I don't want there to be any more fighting. Too many people have already died and I don't want there to be anymore, but something is holding me back from agreeing. He's already threatened the people I care about, though the most important people to me are already gone. If he wants my help then I want something in return. I have people I still have to protect. Snow's smile falters. "Do you really think you're in position of bargaining?" I hold his gaze even though my eyes are still watery and eventually he relents. "What do you want?" "Keep them safe," I say. His eyebrows furrow in puzzlement. "Johanna, Portia and my prep team and Katniss," I alliterate. "No harm is to come to them." "Johanna Mason has information on the rebels, information that we need. As for Miss Everdeen…" I shake my head as determination fills me, replacing the sadness. If he wants my help then he'll meet my terms. "It's not negotiable," I say, my voice controlled and steady. "I don't care what happens to me, but them. They need to be kept from harm. I can't lose anyone else," I mutter the last bit under my breath, but I know that Snow heard it. He lets out a sigh. "Fine," he says and I'm surprised that he relented so easily. "They won't be harmed." I nod. I know I shouldn't agree, but I don't have a choice. Regardless of what I had hoped, I am still a piece in his games. "I'll do it." Snow's smile widens and I swallow, my body finally trembling beneath his touch, knowing that I have just signed a deal with the devil. One I won't be able to escape from. This is definately the longest one-shot I have ever written! I can't believe how long it actually is. Hope you all enjoyed it and I hope the tenses were right - I'm not a fan of writing in first person. This was inspired by Salanderjade's Alone is a Five Letter Word for Pain , which is truly amazing. I always wanted to see more about Peeta's time in the Capitol, especially his discovery of the destruction of Disctrict 12 and the deaths of his family, so her story, along with that idea is what spawned this. Please review.