in the war. Why were they so few? Why was there a greater effort to save the Capitolite murderers, or these few sympathizers, after the war than to save the real victims during the war? And yet, my friends, good things have also happened in this traumatic century: the defeat of Old Capitol, the collapse of The Hunger Games, the rebirth of our government, the demise of Avox salves, the rise of New Capitol. And let us remember the execution, filled with drama and emotion, of President Snow where we witnessed, tragically, the downfall of not only two Presidents but our beloved Mockingjay. Who, I strongly believe, had recognized the seductive manners of indifference and meant to silence such things with an arrow through President Coin's throat. I was there and I will never forget it. And then, of course, the joint decision of New Capitol and the elected representatives of the districts, to open the water ways, build ships, to explore somewhere beyond Panem. Ultimately leading to the founding of the District Four Islands and small, but breathtaking New Lands. Or before that, when District Thirteen did rouse themselves to save the victims, those who were terrorized, by a man whom I believe that because of his crimes, should be charged with crimes against humanity. His death bettered our world, but this time, what really matters in this recollection is that, this time , the world was not silent. This time, they did respond. This time, people intervened. Does it mean that we have learned from the past? Does it mean that society has changed? That even the Dark Days can be claimed beyond us, as both barbaric and unthinkable? Has the human-being become less indifferent and more human? Have we really learned from our experiences? The Hunger Games? Are we less insensitive to the plight of victims to tyranny and other forms of injustices in places near and far? Is today's justified intervention in the civil upsets in the New Lands, led by you, Mr. President, a lasting warning that never again will the deportation, the terrorization of children and their parents be allowed anywhere in the world? Will it discourage other dictators in another time to do the same? What about the children? Oh, we see them on television, we read about them in the papers, and we do so with a broken heart. Their fate is always the most tragic, inevitably. When adults wage war, children perish. We see their faces, their eyes. Do we hear their pleas? Do we feel their pain, their agony? Every minute one of them dies of disease, violence, famine. Some of them – so many of them – could be saved. And so, once again, I think of the young boy from the District of Twelve. He has accompanied the older man I have become throughout these years of quest and struggle. And together we walk towards the new millennium, carried by profound fear and extraordinary hope." The President of New Capitol steps up to speaks with Peeta Mellark, after a long pause of silence, as the whole nation wraps their head around this man's speech. Something that makes me slightly breathless. When he spoke of The Burning of The Old Capitol, I felt as though he were staring straight at me. Those soft, warm, safe hands gliding along the burn scars that litter my body, as he tells me he understands. That he saw. That he won't forget. As though Peeta were speaking about Prim the whole time. Her injustice. Her unfair ending. The awfulness that was both President Snow and Coin. Even me, he spoke of me, and I did not know whether he hated or loved me, for he wished me to be there, but called me a murderer with all the rest. While at the same time he called me a hero. A hero, who tragically fell down. Peeta falls back into the line of people, and on his walk there, as the camera tracks his every move, I see him pause before a woman. A woman who grins shyly up at him and he kisses her cheek, then crouches down to the child who clutches her hand. The boy couldn't be more than four years old, and I realize with a start, that's Finnick's son, and Annie. Peeta ruffles the boy's hair and then moves along again. He takes his place at Johanna's side. The next person who steps up to the podium is Enorbaria, to my shock. I don't hear much of what she says, because my attention slips away. Besides, I find I don't care what she says. Something about the Retribution Games, that was upheld with the Capitolite children as a source of vengeance. I had voted for that, yet, never watched it. Eventually, Greasy Sae rises from the coach, turning both mine and Haymitch's attention. The old woman smiles crookedly at us. "I think it's time I was gettin' back. Your dinner in the fridge if you get hungry," and with that she left. Haymitch mutters something about indifference when he hefts himself to his feet. He stumbles into my kitchen, finds my liquor and returns with two bottles. I take mine hesitantly. I almost don't want to forget the speeches. They aren't as dreadful as I thought. Especially Annie's. Hers was the only one that seemed to compete with Peeta's. When the program is done, some three hours later, I find myself... not empty. For the first time in four years I feel like I'm not waiting for something. I'm here, in the present, in reality. I'm not a ghost. I can hear their words. Feel them afflict emotions inside my very real heart. See their old faces, healed and aged, with my own eyes. When I open my mouth, surprised to find lips there, I say, in my very own voice, "I regret nothing." Haymitch, who burst into a slurred round of laughter, responds, "Me either, sweetheart. Me either."