She said with a shake of her head, holding her daughters face in her hands and looking her over. "I would walk through hell and back for you Katniss." Katniss closed her eyes and breathed in the smell of her mother, and smiled. She had done exactly that for her. Katniss knew better than anyone the pain of coming back to twelve. Not only did her mother lose her father, but she also lost her daughter. Twelve held too many painful memories and yet she had come back for her. "Thank you." She murmured as her mother tusked and kissed her cheek, before wiping at her eyes gently and smoothing her hair. "You look so beautiful." Her mother murmured before letting her go and wiping at her own face. Katniss smiled before turning her attention to Haymitch who stood close to Effie, caressing her cheek affectionately when he thought no one was looking, and then landing on Sae who sat on the love seat close to Peeta, her young daughter at her side. She noticed then, the soft glow of candlelight, and the wild flowers that decorated every empty space they could find. Her eyes once again finding Peeta's, he was dressed in black slacks, a white shirt with a black waste coat and she wondered idly where he had gotten it from. "Did you do all this?" She asked Peeta gently, taking small steps to where he stood at the fireplace watching as he shrugged his shoulder noncommittally a smile gracing his handsome face. "Thank you." She whispered, softly touching his cheek. "I'd do anything for you Katniss." He murmured before pressing a gentle kiss to her lips. "Are you ready?" He asked her, his voice not masking just how very nervous he was and in that moment she realised just how confident she was. "Yes." Haymitch brought the fresh bread Peeta had made from the kitchen and placed it in both Peeta's and Katniss' hands, giving both their shoulders a squeeze after and taking his place back to Effie's side. No words where needed, so instead everyone watched as the bread that was held between them was placed on top of the open fire and toasted lightly. They pulled it away gently and placed it onto the table that was set beside them the smell of bread lingering heavily in the air. Peeta pulled Katniss to him and kissed her with the gentlest pressure she had ever felt. "I love you." He murmured against her lips as she said it back, holding him to her tightly. "I have a gift for you both!" Effie said quickly, pulling out a small box from the little bag she had kept all day at her side. Katniss and Peeta disentangled themselves from one and another and watched Effie curiously. "I want you both to have these." Effie handed the box to Peeta and watched with swimming eyes as he opened the box with a gasp. "Effie, this is too much." He managed to say gruffly, his voice thick with emotion. "Nonsense!" She brushed it off with a flick of her wrist and a watery smile. Katniss gasped when she saw what was in the small box, two simple gold bands lay inside. District twelve was still in the middle of rebuilding and even now after the war, no one saw or even thought of the point of opening a jewellers. Wedding rings weren't something people sought out for or could afford. "Oh Effie, thank you." Katniss murmured with a voice thick with emotion watching as Peeta with shaky hands took out the smaller ring and placed it gently onto her ring finger. "Now you put it on Peeta, Katniss!" Effie said with barely contained excitement so Katniss did just that. Katniss and Peeta kissed again and everyone clapped and applauded, Haymitch wolf whistling loudly, making the pair blush. Katniss' mother got to her feet as everyone hugged one and another and closely examined the simple gold ring on her daughter's finger before turning to Effie and wrapping her in her arms and kissing her cheek. Thanking her quietly. "I think its time for the cake." Sae said with a wide grin as her daughter clapped happily. The small party crowded into the kitchen, circling the most beautiful cake Katniss had ever seen. It was simple and elegant and absolutely delicious looking. She smiled as everyone complimented Peeta on the cake, watching as his cheeks grew red with the attention. Haymitch handed them a small knife and together they held it in their clasped hands, readying to cut the cake together. "Wait." Katniss said before the knife landed on its mark. "I just, I just wanted to say." She hesitated, seeing all eyes on her. She took a deep breathe, these people were her family. "I just wanted to say, that if it wasn't for all of you, I wouldn't be here today. I wouldn't. You and Effie." Katniss said looking to her mentor and escort. "You both kept me and Peeta alive, and for that I will always be in your debt. Sae, you stayed with me when no one else could, you fed me and looked after me and without your constant care I wouldn't have made it those few months before Peeta returned." At this she saw her mother look down in shame, obviously remembering the times she hadn't been there for her oldest daughter. "Mama. I'm so sorry, because I understand now. I understand that you were drowning in your depression, and I didn't understand." Her eyes swam from the visions of Prim but took a deep breathe and willed herself to carry on. "I love you Peeta." She said turning her attention to her newly husband, her eyes swimming with unshed tears. "Real. Always real." She watched as he took a deep shuddering breathe and heavily rested his forehead onto her own. "Real." He murmured a smile so wide gracing his lips for once rendered speechless. xoxoxo