on drugs. I can't blame him. I'm not really... fancy. And my stained clothes would suggest that I am some fucked up girl, wasting all her money for dope or whatever. Or he thinks I'd lied before. About the work, I mean. I glance back to my feet. Giving him money is clearly out of option. It's already hard enough to provide my family with two meals every day. I'd rather see Prim fed then to see myself pass. "I am working," I mutter awkwardly. "It's just hardly enough to…" feed my family. I bite on my lip to prevent me from talking. I shake my head; he doesn't need to know and he won't guess. Again, I take a step away from him and give him a fake smile that doesn't quite reach my eyes. I don't want him to think that I'm poor. Poor as a church mouse, actually. I'm too stubborn and proud to tell him. He's not even a friend. He's a stranger with my future in his hands. "It's okay, don't worry," I tell him, to smooth over the ruckus of the conversation. "I got it. I've… umm… wanted to start working full time anyway. I got some offers here and there, SOCCO and stuff…" He takes a deep breath. If I didn't know it better I'd say that his face starts to look slightly pale. Does he feel bad for me? Does he think he'd be destroying my future if he didn't help me? Please god, let it be this case. Let him feel bad about this; I promise I'll be a good girl from now on and stop swearing immediately. I mean, pity is... not the best (as aforementioned), but I could live. "No. Don't," he says and bites his cheek. Then: "I can make some time for you. Tomorrow and the next two days after. In the worst case I could help you out on Friday, too. Two hours a day." Fuck me, awesome! "You'd really do this for me?" I jump and almost hug him, a stranger, for a second there. Whoa, Katniss. "I will make it up for you. Anyhow, I swear! Thank you so much!" Peter just shrugs and gives me a small smile. He's happy for me, but also concerned and somehow… aggrieved? He must hate the thought of me stealing his precious time. Whatever, I've got my model, hell yessss! "I'll ask you to do me a favor one day and we're even. I'll tell you what I have in mind then..?" "Okay," I agree eagerly. He saves me and I'm sure I could be of any help for him in the future. Whatever he needs. I give him a wide smile – he looks surprised to see it – and I start to cram in my bag for a pen. "Would you give me your number?" I ask. Oh crap, am I too forward? I should add something. Anything. "I mean, for if I overslept again..." I laugh nervously as he gives me a soft chuckle. "Yeah, let's hope that's not the case? You'll have a hard time painting without me." "Right, I'm just kidding. I won't leave you hanging." "Seriously, please don't." He gets out his phone and starts creating a new contact. I look at him expectantly; pen and notebook ready in my hands. "Wait," he says. "Just give me yours and I'll ring you. Ummm... Katniss, right? How do you spell that? Starting with C? One S?" I shake my head in amusement while I dictate to him my number. "K," I correct him, "K and double S." "That's a weird name," he remarks. "Oh Peeta, I'm sure being named after some kind of bread is a lot weirder." I laugh, amused. He looks at me in surprise. "Oh wow, you got it right in the first shot? Everyone thinks I'm called Peter." I stare at him, dumbfounded, and my mouth stands wide open. Here I was, referring to him as Peter the entire time. "You're not?" I ask him, aware of a trap. "Your name really is 'Peeta'?" "Yeah?" "That's a weird name," I mock him. He chuckles softly and gives me an amused nod. Then his eyes are caught by his mobile phone again and he starts typing. A few seconds later my phone buzzes. Luckily my phone's in silent mode because my old Nokia's ringtone is awful. "There. Miss Trinket's told me the rooms here are occupied this week so I'll text you later and tell you where to meet up. I know a studio where we can work in. I need you to be ready from nine to eleven in the morning. Would that be acceptable for you?" "Yes," I jump to agree. I can't believe he'd even thought about a studio. I can't possibly bring him home, can I? Never ever. Definitely not an option. Meeting up in the mornings are, however, fine for me. I'll need to skip a few lessons, but it's just textile design with Miss Portia. I've hardly ever missed any of her lessons since she's definitely my favorite, so I'm sure it will be okay. "Just text me the location," I tell Peeta. "I'll confirm immediately." "Perfect. Just be on time and try not to stay up for too long, okay?" He winks (winks!?) and puts his phone back into his pants pocket. "I won't do that twice, I promise." I'm too grateful to miss this opportunity. "Fine. Meet me tomorrow? I really need to go now." He glances at the clock behind me and frowns slightly, probably calculating how many minutes he'd need to get to his next destination, wherever it is. Stripping for another bunch of people maybe? Meeting up with that girlfriend? "Alright. Yes. Tomorrow it is, then. Thank you so much." "You're welcome." "Bye, Peeta." I try his name on my tongue. I definitely like it better than Peter. "Yeah, see you, Katniss." He waves. No. See you .