Forget Gale and his admonition that these people would eat me alive. In this instant I'm tempted to agree with him. I try and tell myself that I shouldn't be scared of Cato, that I'm overreacting, but I've clearly gotten his attention somehow and my well-tuned survival instincts are warning me that this is a very, very bad thing. When he leans in close to me and offers to show me around upstairs, my whole body grows cold, and it's all I can do to keep myself from turning and bolting straight for the front door. But I can't just run. I have to play this right if I want to get out of this situation unscathed. So I force myself to calm down, and am trying to decide if I should attempt to pull off a shy deflection, or a nervous giggle, when one of Cato's friends rushes up and pulls him to the side. "Dude, Cato, you've got to come outside with me," the boy insists. Cato's attention is temporarily drawn away from me and I take the opportunity to quickly dump my cup in the trash, swapping it for a fresh one that I make a point of pouring myself. "Not now, Marvel," Cato hisses. "I'm a little busy at the moment," he says making a not so subtle gesture towards me. I try not to cringe too blatantly, as I slowly start inching away from the pair of them. "No seriously Cato, you have to see this. I think someone egged your car!" "Are you fricking kidding me?" Cato growls menacingly as he rushes outside, Marvel trailing close behind. It's almost comical how easily I've been forgotten, only I don't feel like laughing. Instead I'm thanking my lucky stars as I start plotting the safest way out of here. I spot a door on the opposite side of the kitchen island that I'm pretty sure leads to the backyard. If I can just get outside, I can sneak around the side of the house, and watch from the shadows until Cato and Marvel head back inside before leaving this stupid place once and for all. It seems like a decent enough plan, and I've just started to edge my way around the counter when the very door I'm aiming for opens, and in walks none other than Peeta Mellark. AN: Aaand scene. Hope you enjoyed the first chapter! Much more to come, and hopefully soon. I actually have most of the party written up, but this seemed like the perfect place to end the first chapter. The original draft I wrote didn't include Cato at all, but the piece just wasn't working right, and once I put him in the whole thing just clicked so much better. Which means Cato basically saved my story. Go figure. So now what? Who egged Cato's car? Where is Madge? What's with the red cups and blue cups? Are Peeta and Katniss going to do the bobble headed dance? The answer to that last one is no. They aren't. But you can find out the answers to the other questions in the next chapter! Maybe… I suppose I should take a moment to say I don't condone underage drinking. Honestly I've never liked alcohol, and I'm well past an age where I get carded. But I know it's a common enough thing at parties, and Katniss doesn't strike me as the type of person that would say no to it just because it's against the law. Conversely I don't think she'd drink because of peer influence. She's basically just indifferent to it and curious about it as a means to kill some time. I did want to take a few lines to talk about some specifics about this AU and clarify some things I glossed over in this chapter. First of all, this story takes place somewhere between October or November. Everyone is basically a senior, 17 or 18. That includes Katniss, Gale, Madge, Peeta, Cato, Clove, Marvel and Glimmer. Cato and Clove Alistar are twins. Cato plays football, and Clove is on the track team with Katniss. Prim is going to be about 13 or 14 in her last year of junior high. She and Katniss still live at home with their mom. Their father died when Katniss was 11, in 6th grade. More on that later. I have plenty of ideas about what Old Seam is like and why, and how the Farmer's Markets on Hob Street are run. Katniss has become a bit of an expert at growing things and has been selling and trading fruits and vegetables since shortly after her father's death. She also has been doing some odd jobs at a sports center her father was just starting up at the time of his death. She did stuff there under the table for a while, and got an official job as soon as she turned 16. Archery I'll address later, but hunting really doesn't do her family much good in a modern AU because bow hunting tends to be a rather expensive hobby, and considering she'd need to purchase permits, wait for the right seasons to go out, and have adult supervision, I don't see it working. Buying food would probably be cheaper. There's a lot more that I've plotted out, but I think that's enough of the explanations for now. If you have any specific questions, let me know in a review and I'll be happy to answer them at the end of the next chapter, which should probably come out soon. And if my minor little cliffhanger at the end tells you anything, you'll get to know one of my favorite characters a lot better in that next chapter. I leave you with a preview quote from an upcoming chapter: "I know what you're thinking. Why oh why didn't I take the BLUE cup?" Thanks for reading! Drop me a review and let me know what you think! Until next time… -C