the cave, Clove started sprinting towards her… Clove rolled over with Katniss as she lost the grip on the bag. She took out her knife, and tried to aim at Katniss's heart, but only got her bag. Then, Clove cut her forehead, and is now bleeding. "Where's Loverboy? Oh, I see. You're going to help him, right? Well, that's sweet." cooed Clove. Her foot was on Katniss's arm, so she couldn't move it. "You know, its to bad you couldn't help your little friend. That little girl. What was her name again? Rue? Well, we killed her, and now we're going to kill you." Clove cooed again, taking her sharpest knife and facing it towards Katniss's bleeding wound. Suddenly, someone kicked the knife out of Clove's hand. It was Thresh. He pulled Clove away from Katniss and brought Clove to the Cornucopia wall and roared at her, "You killed her? Didn't you?" Clove was too afraid, so she screeched,"CATO! CATO!" Thresh held her, and threw her onto the Cornucopia wall, until her skull was split. She fell onto the ground, dead, with her eyes open, and her mouth wide open. "Just this time twelve. For Rue." Exhausted, she put herself together, dusted off the dust off her, and walked back with the bag. When she returned back to the cave, Peeta was awake. "What happened?" Peeta asked. "The girl from 2. She nearly killed me." answered Katniss. She pulled the ointment out of her bag and applied it on Peeta's wound. He whispered again, "You need some too." " No, really, I don't need it." Katniss told him. "Yes, you do." said Peeta. He put his hand in the medicine box and started applying it on her. The blood was starting to smear, but it was ok. "You know, when we were young, I always see you go to school everyday. Then one day, the music teacher asked, "Who knew the Valley song", and your hand shot straight up." Katniss felt really happy, since Peeta talked to her. When morning came, they set out to look for some proper food to eat. Peeta saw some berries and started to harvest them. Katniss caught up with Peeta, but she only saw his jacket, with berries in them. Peeta saw her and said, happily, "Look! I found berries!" Katniss was alarmed at the berries, that she threw them away. " Those are Nightlock Berries, Peeta! You'll be dead in a minute!" He listened to Katniss, threw away the berries on his jacket and went on with Katniss. There was a girl on the floor, with a pale face, and red hair. That was Foxface. She ate the Nightlock berries(assuming they were safe to eat) and now died. As the last piece of sunlight shone on Foxface's body, Katniss scooped the berries from Foxface's hands. "Why are you taking the berries?" Peeta asked, curiously. "Who knows? Maybe Cato likes berries, too." Katniss told him. While walking through the darkness, they realized Thresh was killed by Cato. Then out of the blue, wolf-like creatures came and started chasing them, obviously brought in by the Gamemakers. Then two! They climbed onto the building, so the creatures won't get them. Up came….Cato, with his face, all bloody. He choked Katniss, while Peeta tried to throw him over. Cato saw him, released Katniss, and choked Peeta. Katniss took an arrow, put it through her bow, and got ready to aim. "Go on! Shoot, and we both go down and you win. Go on. I'm dead anyway. I always was, right? I couldn't tell that until now. How's that, is that what they want? I can still do this… I can still do this. One more kill. It's the only thing I know how to do, bringing pride to my district. Not that it matters." said Cato. Katniss had her aim, and shot Cato. He let Peeta go, and Peeta threw Cato down to the creatures. "We can go home." said Katniss. When morning came, they slid down the building and stood on the ground. Then, Seneca Crane, told them that only one tribute can win. So, Katniss took out the berries and gave half to Peeta. Just as they were about to eat it, Seneca Crane said, " I am proud to present the winners of the 74th annual Hunger Games!" Before they knew it, they were back at the Capitol. When they returned, they had the interview with Caesar. "Katniss, how did you feel when you found Peeta?" "I felt like the happiest person in the world." Katniss replied. "And what about you Peeta?" Caesar asked Peeta. "She saved my life." Peeta answered. "We saved each others lives." Katniss corrected. They(Katniss and Peeta) were now called "Star Crossed Lovers", since they saved each other with their own love. President Snow(the president of the Capitol) told Katniss,"Congratulations." he said, as President Snow put a golden crown atop Katniss's head. "What a lovely pin." President Snow said again. "Thank you, it's from my district." she told him. "They should be very proud of you, Katniss." President Snow told her. Back on the train, Peeta asked Katniss, "So, what happens when we get back?" "I don't know. I guess try to forget." Katniss told him. " I don't want to forget." Peeta told her. When they were home, everyone, from District 12 was cheering and clapping. Old to young people were looking absolutely happy. Katniss looked around, and saw cute little Prim, waving to her, and blowing kisses. Her mother, with happiness in her eyes, and was also crying of joy. So was Gale, who had Prim, atop of his shoulders. Peeta and Katniss both raised hands, like at the Tribute Parade in the chariot. That is the end. Hope you enjoy. Copyright© All rights reserved. No part of this writing may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without permission from the writer.