slowly, walking quietly over to where Dad's standing. Mom turns suddenly, her eyes wild, breathing heavily. "That's IT!" Mom shrieks, starting to run over to where the stairs are. Dad jumps in front of her and they fall to the ground. Mom snarls, fighting Dad and I jump over their bodies, trying to get to the stairs. I grunt as I trip over Mom's foot, falling hard on the wooden floor. I gasp as I see a pair of laced feet in my line of vision and I raise my head to look at two blue eyes watching mine with confusion clouding the blue. "Lo-lottie?" I stutter, trying to get up from Mom's legs. Mom stiffens and her gray eyes and Dad's blue eyes look up in shock at Lottie, who's fully dressed like she's ready to go to the bakery. "Hey Nick, what'ca doing?" Her voice is light and her eyes are covered with veiled humor. She reaches out a hand and I grab it gratefully, grunting when she hauls me out from underneath Mom's legs. I brush myself off and she chirps, smiling widely as she skips over to the kitchen, grabbing a cheesy bun from the basket. "So Nick, if you would be so kind to grab my baking basket please. Mom, I'll be home a little late because I'm planning on hunting later with Nick, if that's okay?" She looks at me and I gape at her. "Nick?" She snaps her fingers in front of my face and I shake my head, smiling ruefully at her, nodding my head. "Sure Lottie." I chuckle, bolting over to her bakery basket, my heart in my throat. "Lottie?" Dad whispers, his eyes questioning. "Lottie, why?" Mom walks up to Lottie; patting her shoulder, hope lighting up her stormy eyes. "Well…" Lottie's eyes are thoughtful as she takes a bite from the bun. Her eyes light up. "Oh my gosh this is delicious!" She finishes the bun, wiping her hands on her worn jeans. She sighs, sitting down. "After what happened last night, all that time I thought I was safe here even though she was dead all this time, but that tree branch made me realize that I'm never going to safe. So I thought I'd get my life back on track." She smiles softly and Dad and Mom scoop her into a bear hug, crying silently. I clean my throat and they all pull away, wiping their eyes. "Are you ready?" I hold up the basket, tears in my eyes. Lottie breathes in deeply, nodding firmly. "I'll go with Dad." She grabs the basket and wrings her arm through Dad's arm, smiling brightly. "See you all later." Lottie calls, and the front door close softly. {Peeta} Lottie's crystal blue eyes are dancing when she sees the bakery come into view. She sighs deeply and I smile, hugging her tighter to me. She looks up at me, smiling. "I've missed that view so much." She sighs, brushing a lock of hair out of her eyes. I smile, chuckling lightly as I hug her closer to me. She burrows deep into my shoulder and I trip on the step going up to the bakery. "Sorry Dad!" Lottie shrieks, catching me, my right hand catching my falling body. "No problem Lottie." I breathe, pulling myself up. Lottie trots up the stairs to the door. She freezes, her hand outstretched to unlock the door, her face pale, her eyes slightly unfocused. I walk up to her shaking form, placing a gentle hand on her shoulder. "Lottie," I whisper, my voice sad. "You don't have to do this." She shakes her head vigorously, breathing heavily. "No dad, you don't get it! I have to do this!" She breathes in deeply before unlocking the door. It clicks open and Lottie wipes away some sweat from her brow. I brush past her and she changes the sign from 'Closed' to 'Open' and I walk past the spot where she was shot. The blood had been wiped clean and there's no trace of blood anywhere. Lottie stiffens even more when she bolts past the spot, her face ashen. I glance worriedly at her as I pull on my apron and I walk up to her. "You sure you're okay Lottie?" I brush a piece of hair out of her face as she smiles shakily at me, nodding slightly. "Yeah Dad. You're here, so it makes it better." The bell rings and Lottie stiffens so she's as stiff as a board. "Don't worry-" I start, going to move past her. She bolts in front of me. "-Because I'm going to ring them in for you!" She finishes. I stare at her, worry plain in my eyes. "Are you-" "Sure, yeahofcourseI'msurewhywouldn'tIbesure?" Lottie says in one breath. She turns around and bolts through the back door before I can get one word. {Lottie} I walk silently to the register table, my heart racing. Memories play through my mind as I turn the corner to the front. Black flashes from the table and my breath hitches. No… She couldn't have found me. She's dead… Right? I breathe a sigh of relief as I see the person come into full view. Beautiful green eyes meet my ice blue eyes with shock written in them. "Lottie?" Delly whispers, her face breaking into a smile. "Hey Delly, welcome to the 'Mellark's Bakery' emporium. What can I get you?" She laughs, shaking her head as she digs through her bag to grab her list. "I'll take some cinnamon bread and some cookies. How are you doing?" I nod, placing her order in a basket. "Not bad really. Have a great day!" I wave at her retreating form and I jump as I feel a hand gently touch the small of my back. "Great job Lottie." Dad's warm breath tickles my ear as I turn to face him, smiling warmly. "Thanks Dad." I hug him tightly, thinking that my world is finally back together again.