before, Peeta, is that my dream was about you." My breath hitches slightly, but I cover it up, trying to still look unconscious. "You see, when you asked me to marry you before, I just couldn't…" A sob. "Couldn't do that to you. Be a wife that couldn't give you kids, fearing that they'd be snatched out from under our noses. Be the wife that triggers your flashbacks, fall deep into depression, one that you always have to comfort, but never comforts you back. "My dream was horrific; I had just said yes to your proposal, but Snow had appeared, grinning deviously, impaling you with the arrow that killed Coin. She had grabbed me from behind and I had watched helplessly as you had died. You blamed me for waiting too long, for dragging you into all of this. I thought you wouldn't care about me. "But seeing you tonight snapped something in me. You do care, I could see it in your eyes, a small sliver of pleading, begging me to run, but I let you say those things to me, slam me against a wall, because I realized that I do love you, Peeta, that's real. And I want to be your wife. "Always." My dreams are not pretty tonight. After Katniss had said what her dream was, and I had fallen back into unconsciousness, the nightmares finally had caught up to me, after our long game of painful tag. Where I'm always the loser. In my dream, I'm back watching Johanna's torture, but this time, it's Katniss being tortured. "I told you that you were too late." President Snow hisses into my ear, blood trickling down the side of his dead lips, his eyes hollow but still like a snake while the rest of his body fades, decomposing before my very eyes. Katniss screams, jerking and convulsing uncontrollably in the water, her face turning red as she breathes in water, the water crackling with energy from the tazors. Bloody arms grab her limp body out from the water, Coin's arms, and shake her hard. Her head lolls on her shoulders, her eyes limply closed, but other than that, she doesn't look alive. They shove her body back into the water, and I marvel how something so horrendous, could be so beautiful. The way her chocolate hair floats and gently swirls around her face, which is bruised but looks peaceful, her eyes shut like she's sleeping, her lips slightly parted. She looks like she's lying in the water, gently rocking to sleep. The water flashes, and her eyes snap open, milky in color, the gray completely gone, her arms breaking free of the restraints, reaching for me. Her body jerks, but her gaze does not leave mine. "Peeta, come and join me. "Forever." "Peeta! Not real!" My eyes snap open, my whole body jerking uncontrollably. Katniss' wiry arms wrap around my shoulders, pulling me tight against her. Wiry just like Wiress. A hysteric, mental laugh bubbles its way out my throat and into the air. It echoes around the lit room from the sunlight, into the dark corners and back into my chest. I vaguely notice that Katniss is dressed like she was out in the woods already, her hair in its perfect braid, the soft shirt always wears under her father's hunting jacket the only shirt she wears, getting stained from my tears. I realize that Katniss is real, is here, safe and sound in my arms. I sob even harder, clutching her small body flush against my chest. She runs her hands through my hair, peppering kisses in my dampening hair, whispering 'not real' over and over again. Shuddering breaths tickle her jawbone as I try to compose myself. She gently kisses me and I laugh sadly. She pulls away, her eyes sad and questioning. "You're real." I simply whisper, brushing a stray lock of hair out of her face. "I've always been real." She turns her head so her lips are brushing my hand lightly. I pull her into another bone-crushing hug, she hugging me back just as furiously. I pull back slightly, looking her straight in the eyes. "Marry me." I slowly cut two pieces of bread of yesterday's loaf, which will be just fine for our small toasting. Katniss sits, head on her knees in front of the crackling fire, illuminating her face and arms as she stares silently at fire, a small, nervous smile tickling her lips. I gently push her braid to her left shoulder, placing a light kiss on the crook of her neck. She shivers lightly and I smile softly, giving her one piece of bread. She looks up at me. "You heard, didn't you?" I nod, and her face burns crimson. "Hey." I whisper, gently tilting her head so she's looking at me again. "Do you know what my dream was about?" She shakes her head, openly curious. "It was about losing you after you had accepted my proposal, seeing Johanna's torture again, but this time it was you." A small tear runs down the side of my cheek and Katniss gently brushes it away. I pull back suddenly and the hurt in her eyes is so painful that I almost beg her to forgive me, but this is too important. "Sorry." The apology slips out of my mouth before I caught myself. "I mean, I have one question for you." Panic floods her eyes and her breath hitches. "How many?" I frown. "How many what? Questions-" "No, kids. Because I can't-I-" I press a finger to her lips, silencing her. Tears flood her eyes, and she looks away again. "Not that. God Katniss, I'll never ask you to do that until you're ready. I just want to know…" I take a deep breath, steeling myself for the impact of rejection, or just nothing. "You love me, real or not real?" A small smile touches her lips as she turns back to look at me, nodding lightly. "Real."