was away from Peeta. When he was near she was light and nervous at the same time, dreamy and anxious altogether. "What I do with Peeta is none of your business," the harshness in her tone was surprisingly even to herself, "It's not like you're jealous," she teased, trying to lighten up the mood, but it backfired. "Maybe I am," his eyes were set at the clouds in the sky, her head snapped at him, her breath coming with a certain difficulty, "It never occurred to you that maybe, he is not the only one with feeling towards you?" she didn't like to where this was heading, she didn't like it at all. He looked at her, right in the eye, and he lunged at her, his mouth darting to connect with her. She managed to place a hand in his chest and hold him back, "Gale, what are you doing?!" The pain in his eyes were more than she could bare, "I thought that… maybe… gomenasai ," his tone was dejectedly and he stood up and made his way back to the first floor. Katniss stayed there for hours trying to process what just have happened. She was in the middle of her way back to the okiya when she heard his loud footsteps, and she turned to meet his eyes, and there it was that sensation, of being at ease and nervous at the same moment, "Katniss, is everything alright?" he placed a friendly hand over her shoulder, and she flinched, his eyes were confused for a moment and she couldn't tell what settled in them. She stared at him, and her eyes landed on his lips. "Katniss are you-" she cut him mid-sentence, her lips shushing him. It's was sloppy and clumsy, and she didn't knew how to kiss him, but his arms encircled her waist and her hands rested in his chest and time seemed to hold still. Something stirred deep within her, something familiar and foreigner, something that she couldn't explain it. They pulled away, his arms still around her, her head resting on the crook of his neck, her eyes closed , "I'm sorry… I just wanted to know… how…" he pecked her lips, once, twice, three times. "Oh, I don't mind if you need reassurance of my feelings for you," he kissed her one more time, "I can provide all the certainty that you need," she could feel the smile in his voice and she smacked his arm lightly. They laughed and for the first time she realized where she was. In the bridge that she has first seen him, all those years ago now, people finally appearing in the streets. They pulled away, and he walked her to the okiya like always but this time he went inside with her, he didn't said anything, he didn't have to, she knew exactly what he was going to do. He went straight to Effie's small office and asked to patronage Katniss as her danna. She wasn't sure at first, if her own feelings were true, if she could forget the past with her shattered family and move on. In the end she did, she did move on. With him by her side it was easy. When it was announced at the tanabata matsuri of her commitment with Peeta – as geisha and danna – men groaned in unison, and the other geisha in the hanamachi congratulate her, Delly being one of the firsts and she discovered that Peeta and her were friends. Prim grew up, but instead of becoming a maiko Effie decide to grant her wish. Prim started to attend at a small apothecary at the hanamachi, and if she kept the good work she could move to Tokyo to become a doctor. Katniss was ecstatic and Peeta joked of how primroses drove her insane. After a year she became a full fledge geisha, and Peeta worked hard to support her, he opened his own bakery with the guidance of his father, his mother was always nagging him of how he would never get married, since a geisha could never marry. Geishas were married to the night, but in the afternoons Katniss would steal kisses from Peeta, a caress in the cheek, and the feeling of hunger was never absent when he was near, a smile never far from his lips when she was near. At the age of twenty she paid her debt with Effie thanks to a surprisingly surge of customers since her last performance at the hanami matsuri. When all was settle and done Peeta took her for a walk at the park of Gion, the cherry trees blossoming beautifully. "You know, there is something that I've been dying to ask you," she knew what he was doing, whenever he wanted something he would come like this. "If you're talking about that trip to Okinawa you already know the answer," she huffed, the subject was being a constant in their conversations, "It's not that I don't trust Finnick, is just that I don't trust Finnick in an onsen," they laughed a bit. "It's not that," he stopped suddenly, petals falling over them, "Katniss, I don't know how you do it, but in America…" his tone was serious and the look in his eyes made her stop dead on her tracks, "Katniss Everdeen from Sekitan island, sister of Primrose Everdeen and heir of the Trinket okiya," her throat closed and her heart hammered against her ribcage, he knelt in front of her, "would you marry me?" he took a small velvet box from his jacket pocket, when he opened she could see a beautiful ring, with no diamonds but a pearl, a token from a memory that they both cherished so much. She had to leave her entire life as a geisha behind, and the answer was simple, yet entailed so much… "Yes," and the kiss they shared under the cherry trees sealed what Katniss could only see a new beginning.