platform. Neither of them have work tomorrow and he was just going to go home, drink a glass or two of scotch and call it a day, but going to see Effie's place definitely sounds like a more eventful evening. Of all the time they've known each other, they've never met outside of a three block radius of the office, never seen each other out of their suits and blouses. The train quickly pulls up and they step inside. There are panels in the subway car right next to the doors, and since most of the seats are taken they each lean on one of them, facing across from each other. Haymitch takes a look at Effie and she's beaming, looking at their fingers intertwined and the way her knuckles graze against his. For a moment they just listen to the rumble of the subway tracks and the quiet mumbles of the other passengers. But Effie's apartment is still a couple stations away, and the two of them can only stay quiet for so long. "So what are we doing at your place?" Haymitch asks, half suggestively and half with genuine curiosity. "Oh you know. Monopoly, hide-and-seek, snack. The whole shebang," she jokes as she looks up to meet his gaze. He laughs, leaning his head against the panel behind him and chuckling. "What's for snack?" "I'm thinking pasta." "That's really fancy for a snack," Haymitch comments, playing along. "Are you cooking?" She snorts. "Of course not. There's an amazing Italian place near my house. You have you try it, their pesto is to die for." She bites her lip. "And I may have already made reservations for us two days ago." Haymitch shakes his head in mocking disapproval and clutches onto her hand a little bit tighter. "Neither of us can cook, we've never eaten anything not made by someone else. I think I'm going to have to leave you. Princess." Effie pulls on his arm when the subway also jerks to a stop, which causes Haymitch to stumble forward awkwardly into her body. She puts her arms around him and keeps him against her, so that her mouth is against the nape of his neck, laughing. Her hot breath against his skin and teasing smile are driving him mad. A kiss is planted on his delicate skin, and Effie gazes up at him with those fucking blue eyes, jibbing him. "You would never." And just like that, Haymitch is hungry for something else. They skip the restaurant and head right to her place, practically running up the stairs and Haymitch buries his head in her hair and holds her hips from behind her as Effie fumbles with the keys. Soon she's pressed against her wall and Haymitch is kissing her hard, running his hands up and down her clothed body. He throws off her coat and begins to unbutton her blouse and trail his kisses down her neck, and soon Effie is mewling into his ear and moaning his name. She's the sexiest thing he's ever laid eyes on, and when he sees her peach coloured lacy bra against her creamy white skin he starts salivating. Haymitch dips his head down and leaves a love bite on the top of one of her breasts. Effie is pulling at his tie and messing with his dress shirt to get it off, and when he's shirtless and bare-chested she runs her hands over his muscular build. "I want you so fucking much, Haymitch," she whispers almost as a confession, heavy lidded and filled with lust. "I swear, I'm yours." So they claim each other in the most intimate way. It's rough and aggressive and their constantly fighting for dominance. Slowly but surely they make their way across Effie's apartment and into her bed, falling right over onto the plush mattress. When he fucks her slowly and eagerly, he loves seeing her face and hearing her noises with every thrust. She's so perfect and tight, and he wishes they could be joined like that forever but it only takes a couple more minutes for him to be shouting her name and spilling into the condom that they'd managed to get on. It's the best sex he's ever had, and by the way Effie's smiling to herself and still trying to catch her breath he knows that she feels the same way. After a couple minutes of comfortable silence he feels her shift on the bed. She's reaching onto her nightstand for her box of cigarettes and a lighter. She needs it even if Haymitch doesn't like it, but even he has to admit, there's something so entrancing about Effie Trinket lighting up a smoke in bed; she's still naked and her breasts are illuminated by the moonlight from the window, and the way she makes a few "o's" out of smoke that float through the room leaves Haymitch hypnotized. It's like they're floating on a cloud, or existing in a bubble that no one can reach or dare pop. It makes his heart race and his head dizzy, but he's never felt more alive in years. Not since before his brother's car accident, or before his life turned to shit. He has a feeling it scares her too, but they never did do boring. A/N: Hi! Thank you so much for making it to the end of Part 1. This was supposed to be a one-shot, but it kept growing and growing and I needed to break it up! Soon I'll post the second part, which is much darker and a tad bit more angsty; this first half is definitely all fluff. This is story also exists in the same universe as my Gadge story, "Attorneys at Law," but you aren't required to read it at all. Unless you like Gadge, which in that case, please check it out. (There's snippets of Hayffie too!) Did you love it? Hate it? Tell me what you think, I'd love to hear your opinion!