how to bake beautiful cakes to give as presents to friends? Did their Mother sing to them when they hurt or when they were sad?" I'm shouting now. "DID THEIR FATHER GET TOURTURED TO THE POINT WHERE HE HATED HIS WIFE?! TRIED TO KILL HER?! WHERE EITHER OF THEIR PARENTS IN THE HUNGER GAMES?" I sit down, breathing hard. "No. No." I shake my head. Paylor stares at me in shock and I continue. "Our life was perfect before the Hunger Games, and will be perfect. But it all went down when our family was introduced to the Capitol. Just leave." I flick my wrist towards the door. I would never talk to her this way if both my parents were alive. If I had, Mom would have cried and scolded me, and Dad would have just shaken his head, saying he was disappointed. Disappointed. I laugh mentally. I haven't heard that word since Dad was still alive. I just realized how bad my life was. I open my mouth to apologize but Paylor interrupts me. "You leave first thing tomorrow. Pack and be ready by 8." And with that she gets up, storms out of the house, and drives off as silently as she came in. "Hey sweetheart." Haymitch says softly when he comes in for dinner. I nod numbly, staring at my peas. Hunter makes small talk with Haymitch, but conversation dies quickly. Peeta glares at his meat, not talking to Haymitch at all. "Hey buddy, what's wrong?" Haymitch nudges Peeta softly in the side and Peeta dodges away from his elbow, stabbing his meat. "HOW COULD YOU?" Peeta shouts suddenly. I jerk, splashing water on Hunter's arm. "Sorry." I mumble. Hunter just rubs his hand across my arm. "How could I what Peeta?" Haymitch asks calmly. "Just sit there and act like we're not having our last meal together, since you left us for Gale?" Peeta slams his fork down on his plate and storms up to his room. A minute later, his door slams shut. "Haymitch, I don't want to go to Gales tomorrow." I say in a shaky voice. "I know sweetheart, but Paylor wouldn't allow me to keep you, even if I did have a drinking problem." Haymitch frowns. Wait… What? "Anyways, you guys should probably pack. I'll make sure nobody messes with your house while you're gone." Haymitch laughs lightly, but his eyes are pained. I sigh, tears pooling in my eyes as set my plate down at the counter. Hunter grabs my hand and we make our way up to our rooms. "I'll take care of Peeta." Hunter whispers before walking into his bedroom and shuts the door quietly. Tears fall freely down my face as I open my bedroom, flicking on the light. Trees surround me for the last time. Painstakingly intricate flowers painted around my bed, crystal blue eyes meet mine as I pack up my clothes into a suitcase. I grab my brush from my adjoining bathroom and brush my fingers over my handprint I had made on the mirror when I was younger and Mom and Dad's handprints above mine. Once my suitcase is packed, I venture into Mom and Dad's bedroom, grabbing some things to bring and stuffing them into my suitcase. Dad's tape for the kids, Mom's locket and pearl, and lug my suitcase back down the stairs to the front door, where Hunter and Peeta's are sitting. I look into the living room to see Hunter, Peeta, and Haymitch sitting around the fire. I ghost into the living room and sit on the couch armrest. "Hey Rose." Hunter whispers, tears damping his cheeks. I slide down into the couch and cry into Hunter's chest. Our family is finally broken, For good. I stare at the train station, my braid flopping on my shoulder from the strong wind. Hunter stands next to me, holding my hand with his empty one. Peeta stands in front of me, holding his suitcase for dear life. We all stare blankly at the train as it comes into District 12. Right on time. Haymitch bids us goodbye, promising that he'd visit us, but all know he's lying. I keep my eyes focused for a tall man and a shorter woman that will be clinging to him. It doesn't take long for them to come. I spot his dark hair and her lighter head among the mass of people, hugging Peeta closer to me and clenching Hunter's hand tighter. "Rose! Hunter! How nice to see you two!" Johanna Hawthorne calls in her deeper voice. Aunt Johanna and Uncle Gale are here to claim us for the time being. I plaster a pained smile on my face, but everyone knows it's fake. "Who is young man?" Johanna kneels down to Peeta's level and Peeta buries his face into my stomach. "This is our younger brother, Peeta." Pain flashes across Johanna's dark eyes as she stands back up, grabbing my suitcase. "How are you all doing?" "Fine." The remark snaps out of my mouth before I can stop it. "I mean, who wouldn't be fine after your father has died and your mother became a shell of herself before being mysteriously killed by some unknown assassin? Oh and you're also taking care of your siblings at the same time that you've been attacked by some random guy that they can't find? Yeah, we're great. Never better!" "Forget I asked." Johanna mutters under her breath. "Come with me, Gale's at the train." Johanna turns and we follow her slowly, taking in our last glimpse of District 12. "Rose! Hunter! How've you been?" Gale asks once we've boarded the train. Peeta wanders off with Hunter and Johanna follows them. I meet Gale's eyes and gasp slightly. I've seen those gray before… "If you tell anyone what happened between the two of us like that ever again, I would have to kill you." Gale smiles softly, but his eyes are dangerous. My uncle is the smiling man.