I know! I really hope I don't get picked this year! I mean… its soooo unlikely that I will though. My name is only in there 3 times!" I try to keep my tone sweet, but I'm pretty sure some sarcasm got into my voice. If it did, they didn't catch it. I could see the shock on their faces and hear the two in the back whisper "She doesn't know? Damn she is oblivious!" Oh I know. I thought and tried to keep the smirk off my face you guys are the only oblivious ones here. I was about to say something else, but Emma and Mabel came back, so instead I said "Are we ready to go? I just want to get this over with and get back home!" Again I heard the whispers from the back two, but the shock wasn't as evident on their faces as they nodded. I linked my arm in Mabel's and flashed her a big smile. The Peacekeepers circled around us as the unarmed one led the way. Well… they are stupid. I could stab him before they could stop me. Too bad I left my knife at home. As we walked to the reapings, everyone stared at us. I smiled and waved and jumped up and down… which is what they expected me to do. After all, I have a reputation of acting childish. When we reached the town square I skipped, yes skipped into the line to have my finger pricked. I smiled sweetly at the grumpy capitol lady and her eyes widened with shock. She didn't even need to prick my finger to identify me, but she had to so that the computer would. I skipped into the 12 year old pen and was instantly surrounded by people. I talked to them about everything and nothing, keeping the smile on my face and my tone upbeat and happy. I was bubbly and giggly. I'm pretty sure by the time that we had to quiet down; I had talked to everyone in our pen. The wonderful Capitol escort walked onto the stage. She has been out escort for years now and thinks that we will like her more if she dresses like our district would in the chariots; Trees. She is wearing a weirdly textured brown dress that looks hideous and she died her hair leaf green. I swear she purposefully tries to insult us. "Hello district 7!" she says in her high pitched voice with her obnoxious Capitol accent. When no one replies, I smile sweetly and yell in a bubbly and energetic voice "Hello! I love your dress!" all the kids around me laugh, knowing that I didn't mean it. The Capitol escort smiles and looks around our section, trying to find the person that said it. I grin and wave at her, hopping up and down. She waves back and continues to talk about the hunger games and the Capitol and the dark days. I don't really listen; instead I plan out what I will do when my name is called. "Ladies first!" she squeals and I have to fight the urge to cringe. She walks over to the reaping ball and plucks a name off the top. The first thing I notice is that the paper is white while the rest are ivory. Could they make it any more obvious that it is rigged? She unfolds the paper and taps the mike before saying the name and letting it ring through the silence "Lacey Lockhart" That's my cue , I think as everyone turns to stare at me. I let my face pale and my eyes widen with shock. I stay frozen in place for a second before someone nudges me forward. At this moment, I burst out crying and stumble forward, almost falling over but catching myself at the last moment. I walk up to the stage with my head down, as if I was trying to hide my tears. When I reach the stage, I let out a sob before climbing the stairs and going to stand next to the escort, who puts an arm around me for a second. I cover my face with my hands before wiping my eyes and sniffling. Nice acting I think and try to keep myself from smirking. "Awww... Its ok sweetie." she says before adding "and now for the boys." She walks over to the boys reaping ball and picks a random piece of paper up. I notice that this one isn't white, unlike mine. "Soul Kingston" A boy steps out of the 18 year old pen and walks confidently to the stage. He smirks at me and looks like he is sizing me up. Well... I must look pretty pathetic because the look in his eyes softens and he gives me a reassuring smile. I smile back sheepishly and blink away the tears in my eyes, keeping them wide so that I appear frightened by Soul. This boy is BIG! He must be over 6 feet tall and he is so muscular, his arm is as big as my waist! He has brown hair and grey eyes, which have a warm and inviting look in them. He has a few scars on his arm and I'm tempted to ask him how he got them, but that would ruin my act. So instead I let my eyes widen in fear and when the escort tells us to shake hands, I flinch away from him before taking his hand and shaking it. After that we are led into the justice building for our goodbyes before we leave this place for what could very well be forever. Hey! I'm Shelby… and this is my new story! I hope you like it! My goal is to post a new chapter very often… maybe once a week… But please PLEASE don't kill me if that doesn't happen… school fucking sucks. Anyway… Thank you for reading… Please review! I'd really appreciate it!