the doors. They hug and say goodbye, planning to meet up next week to if all of their schedules permit. Destressing at the bar with her friends is quickly becoming one of Madge's life essentials, and she doesn't know if she can last the week without it. Which leaves the two friends walking in the summer night the few blocks it takes to get to their apartment. They had moved in together after college for economic reasons and because of their friendship, but never did the thought of moving out ever cross their minds. Living with a roommate is just a better way to exist for Madge; she'd go crazy if it was just her and Dakota in a place by themselves. Johanna keeps her grounded and out of her head, and Madge keeps Johanna humble. And Kota loves Johanna too. Sometimes when Madge needs to run an errand Johanna helps to look after her daughter and they have fun times roaming around the city. Even though Madge knows Jo takes her to places she would never think to bring her daughter - the dingy record store on Queen and to the top of a random office building to look at the view - she knows that her daughter loves it; KoKo and JoJo hitting the town together. The place they share is big enough for all of them but it's by no standard luxurious. They pay for it with their own money, there's no elevator or doorman like at Gale's place, but it's home. As they trudge up the stairs, Madge lets out a big yawn that makes Johanna chuckle. "God knows how you're still awake while handling your work life, home life and romantic life all at once." "Sorry, romance? I'm not familiar with that idea anymore…" she jokes, failing to rack her brain for the last time she was in a stable relationship. "I have another date on Monday. Hopefully it's not pitiful and unbearable like the others." "You're a catch, Undersee," Johanna assures as they reach their door, fumbling . "Where are you finding these clowns you call men? I fail to comprehend." Madge shrugs hopelessly, entering their drafty apartment and dumping her bad on the couch. "We're compatible! That's what all the apps say." She knows that it's unlikely she'll find the love of her life on a dating app, but the statistics exist, surely it's worth a shot. Honestly, it's just a way to convince herself she's putting herself out there, making an effort in dating. Madge knows Gale is seeing some girls, having his own fun, and she just doesn't want to make it seem like she has too much on her plate to make room for romance too. Madge thanks her past self for making the bed this morning and falls back onto the mattress, finally relaxing and revelling in that feeling. Her feet have been aching all day, and she makes the mental note to buy a pair of comfortable work heels sometime soon. "Do you think Gale has ruined me?" she ponders out loud, knowing that Johanna's across the hall, starting her own nighttime ritual. As expected, Jo appears at her doorway with a toothbrush in her mouth. "Why, because you fell in love with an Adonis who's smart, funny and everything you ever dreamed of except for emotionally present and now you have to see him every week and be reminded that your expectations of love will never be fulfilled the way you imagined they were back in college?" "Yeah, that," Madge nods, contemplating her romantic future as more of a tragedy than anything else. "No," Johanna shrugs, answering her own question. "I think that you just need a guy who will pay attention to you and understand your needs and that would be 100% better than anything that Gale gave you. And that's not too hard to find, Madge. It's just not something someone would write on their dating profile, you know?" "Okay," she concedes, putting her insecurities aside for now. Changing into her pajamas and heading to her own bathroom she methodically washes her face and brushes her teeth, feeling more clean and less grimey than before. Madge wonders if Gale and Dakota are still up watching TV, or whether her little girl in already sound asleep in her own little blue room. Gale had set it up for her when they started alternating weeks, when Kota no longer had to be breastfed and he insisted on moving on through the rest of their lives. When KoKo's here, she just sleeps next to Madge, snuggling up beside her and keeping her warm. Madge knows she'll have to clean out the spare room for her someday, but Kota likes it better and frankly so does she. Perhaps, Gale is a better parent with having fun and giving her things, but Madge would like to think that Kota knows how much her mother loves her, how much she wants her to be loved and love everyone else. My biggest fault was never knowing how to love, she thinks to herself as she tucks herself in under the covers. She was never paid attention to by her parents, she didn't know what love was, so when Gale came around it hit her like a ton of bricks. She fell endlessly and impossibly in love with him, and she didn't realize that love wasn't all it was made out to be. Hopefully Dakota is cherished and pays it forward when she's younger, so she'll be smart and sparing with love when she grows up. Madge can only hope, and those are her last thoughts before her busy, busy day knocks her dead. She's asleep in minutes. A/N: I hope you guys liked the first chapter! Please let me know what you thought in the reviews, and feel free to give the fic a follow so that you don't miss my updates. I'm so incredibly excited to be starting this new story!