long ago, this twisted friendship of theirs is only physical and will never mean anything more for him. Madge pushes these thoughts out of her head with ease as soon as Gale bottoms out, his entire length filling her up inside. When Madge starts to move, his groans are in sync with every roll of her hips, his smell of coffee and sweat surround her in a sensory overload. Her swollen clit is rubbing against his skin every time she sinks down and Gale's length is stretching her walls just right, making her feel so good that she lets out a loud moan and tangles her fingers through his dark hair. He leans forward to catch her nipple in his mouth, sucking lightly and looking up to see Madge's reaction. He plays her expertly like an instrument; she lets a broken sigh escape her mouth and he chuckles in response. Before moving to the next breast he nuzzles her cleavage and whispers into her cleavage. "Jesus Christ, Madge, you're so perfect." Madge whimpers in response, unable to formulate coherent thoughts, but it's easy to believe him when he's latched onto her nipple and she's sitting on his cock. She knows that he's said those same words to lots of other girls, and that his body is only responding to a desire that Madge happens to be providing, but she wants to find sweet release so bad and his voice carries so much conviction that she swears she doesn't care if he really wants her or not. Maybe Gale only came over to fuck her, he knows that she wants him too and she's never out partying and messing with anyone else. It occurs to Madge that Gale has everyone - tons of friends, a family that loves him, girls throwing themselves at him - and she only has him to hold on to. She stops thinking about this all together and instead grinds down on his cock harder, eliciting a strangled cry from Gale. His Adam's apple is bobbing up and down and all the muscles across his chest are tense, Madge feels the sudden urge to kiss and nibble on every inch of his taut skin. Mindless, shallow thrusts begin to meet Madge's core, and she can barely savour the moment when Gale's ministrations on her tits become faster and harder. "Oh my god, Gale I'm so close, please," she begs, not really sure what for but he seems to understand. He lets go of her nipple and shifts upwards a little so that they're face to face. Reaching in for light kisses, their foreheads are pressed together and and Madge can see Gale's grey eyes ignited so bright she almost doesn't recognize them. His hands are guiding her her ass to meet his every thrust, her own are still woven through his hair and pulling him closer to her face. "You drive me fucking crazy," he breathes out, and Madge can only nod in agreement. Her belly is clenching in anticipation for her release. Each move of their hips becomes more urgent and more passionate, and soon she has her arms wrapped all the way around his neck, chin resting on his shoulder and she's biting down on the nape of his neck trying to control her cries. She comes harder than she has in weeks, wrapped in lust and Gale's ecstatic groans. As she rides out her orgasm, she feels him suddenly tense underneath her; he jerks forward and shouts her name over and over again like a chant. Soon he relaxes underneath her and Madge feels a wet kiss pressed onto her temple. Both of their eyes are closed, but they're aware of their heavy breathing, gasping for air, and the head radiating off their bodies. Madge raises herself so that Gale's no longer inside of her and falls to the side of the bed, and he shifts himself down so that his head is on the pillow beside her. For a moment they enjoy the silence of her apartment, the ceiling fan is buzzing quietly and distant conversations are still leaking through her window. Her head turns to look at Gale; he's staring at the ceiling through drowsy lids and he's smiling to himself, chest still rising and falling with heavy breaths. When Gale turns his face to her too, he looks looks satiated and relaxed. "What are you looking at?" he teases. "You. Trying to figure you out," she admits. Gale shrugs. "Nothing to figure out really." "Why did you come here?" "I always come here." "No, this time was different, wasn't it? Why are you acting like this?" Madge accuses. "No Madge it's always been the same!" he snaps, "I've always seen you like this, wanted you like this. Always. Stop trying to convince yourself that you can't be loved or don't deserve it because you deserve everything, okay?" Madge doesn't know what to say or how to respond, but she knows that Gale's wearing his heart on his sleeve in a way he never does. She feels the need to apologize, to be forgiven for how crazy she feels she's been acting. "Look," he starts again, "I just don't want you to think I only come here because I have no one else. Well, I kind of do only have you, but I want you in more ways than that." "Ok," Madge replies, and he looks satisfied that an agreement has been reached. She inches closer to press the shadow of a kiss onto his lips, cradling his cheek with one hand. "Stay here tonight?" "Yeah, Madge, of course." Gale rolls over so that he's on his back, and Madge comes closer to rest on his bare chest. He's still so warm, she can't help but think he's what was missing from her chilly apartment all along. A/N: Just moving this over to FFN. If you liked it or hated it, give me a review, I'd love to know what you think!