stop the blood from coloring my hands and face. And time and time again, President Snow will say evil things about Mom, and time and time again, Dad will always say he loves Mom no matter what. Finally I had a sound stomach, somewhat, to get up on my hands and knees, since walking was an incredible feat now. I crawl somewhat up to President Snow. He raises his hand to hit Dad again and I snarl, launching myself upward, tackling Snow to the ground. President Snow hisses something, and a second later; I'm thrown off of him. Dad's azure eyes are no more as he growls, throwing me to the ground. His eyes remind me of bottomless pits, they are so dark, and I groan as I block his fist with my arm, my eyes wide. Adrenaline is the only thing that hasn't have me been killed yet. I huff as Dad punches me hard in the ribs, my face paling at I hear a couple of cracks. I bite my lip to keep from screaming as Dad hits me again. I can breathe momentarily as Dad leans back, grabbing something that I don't see until it's too late. A gun. The straps around my body, holding me down, snap free. I slump to the ground, gasping as more of my lifeblood drains from my body. Hunter's death is still fresh in my mind as I shakily get to my feet, retching over the side of the chair. An invisible door opens and a figure steps through, the light momentarily blinding me. I stifle a groan and haul myself all the way upright. I look up, squinting my eyes as I try to see whom the figure is. No exact features show well enough for me to place the person who is slowly walking over to me. I walk into a lone strip of light, my heart racing, and it stops when the figure steps into the light. Gray eyes meet mine; a Mockingjay suit covers the person's body, her hair in her signature braid, an evil scowl twisting her face into a horrendous mask. My Mother. President Paylor's face shows up on the screen while a table rises up out of the floor between my mom and me, two guns lying innocently on the table. Paylor waves, a devious grin on her face. Mom's face is blank, a slight confused expression in her eyes, as she stands stone still. " Dearest Primrose, you will have the satisfaction of dying by your Mother's hands. My greatest prize." The look in her eyes is almost hungry and it disgusts me. "How is she alive?" I shout, making sure she can hear me. Paylor shrugs, a maniacal look in her eyes. " We have lots of clones of the greatest Victors and figures from Panem. No biggie." Another door opens and Finnick Odair, Haymitch, and Primrose walk in from the door. Johanna and someone else I don't recognize walk in from a different door. The blank look on all of their faces is what gets me the most. They just stand there, not doing anything. " Oh, and Primrose? Your brother really did die by your Father's hands." My breath comes out is pants. Sweat drips off of my face in large drops from my nose. I glower at Finnick as he walks slowly towards me, and I can see the scars that the mutts and Holo did to him, all across his face and neck, dipping underneath the collar of his shirt. Dad had come in a couple of minutes ago, a snarl on his face when he saw Mom. Primrose grabs my hair from behind, and I twist around, blindly shooting. Her face goes slack and she crumples to the ground. I duck underneath Finnick's arms and shoot upwards. His chin jerks upward, his eyes rolling back in his head. Both dead, by my hands. My stomach lurches, more precious blood spilling from my body as I duck down as Haymitch takes a swing at me. I shoot him in the leg and he falls down, grabbing my legs suddenly. I slam to the ground, my arm snapping and I scream, rolling away and shoot him in between his eyebrows. Johanna hauls me up and I punch her in the face. Blood spurts from her broken nose and she snarls at me, but Dad shoots her. Now all that are left is Mom, Dad, and I. I huff, my chest heaving. Mom shoots Dad without a second glance and advances on me. I back up, shrieking as I trip over Finnick's dead body. Mom's shadow looms over me, her eyes evil, finally an expression on her face that looks hers, and it's one I don't like. She raises her gun at me and I shakily raise mine, clicking the trigger. Click… My eyes are wide as Mom shoots me in the head, my gun dropping limply to my side, Empty. Primrose Rue Mellark, Seventeen years old when President Paylor, and her clones of the Victors and others killed her. Hunter Finn Mellark, Fourteen years old when President Paylor, and her clones of the Victors and others killed him along with an overdosing of Tracker jacker venom. My eyes linger at the grave markers. I limply drop the flowers I had picked up, placing them over the fresh graves. Dad, Mom, and Haymitch's graves all covered by weeds and other plants. This is the last time I will ever be here in 12. People that are against the new government found me locked in the cellar of Haymitch's after the deaths of my siblings. I know my life will never be the same. That's why I plan on changing it. My name is Peeta Mellark. I'm eight years old. And my whole family has been killed, leaving me alone with death threats chasing me. But I'll survive it, and I'll avenge all my family's deaths. Even if it kills me.