do such a lowly job, but apparently I had dropped quite significantly in the ranks. My brother Ostro, happened to witness this as well. Very few times would he stand up for me in a very public manner, because mother and father wished for me to fight my own battles, but I watched as he bit down hard on his lip. "Ostro, please no," I muttered to him as Wren and I continued walking, simply wishing to clean up the mess. "Savera, this is absolutely ridiculous!" He muttered to me, as the others stood, laughing in a huddle as they sipped their water. "Take my water." He handed me his bottle, full of water, before storming over to the group of them. I could have stopped him, but it wasn't worth the fight with him. I simply sipped the water and passed it on to Wren as Ostro made a direct call out to the boy who had knocked over the water. "Flux!" He called, standing up tall as the dark haired boy turned around, clearly oblivious to what was wrong for he had a grand, award-winning smile on his face. "Hey man, what's-" Flux tried to ask stepping toward him, but before he could finish his sentence, Ostro had already reared back and swung hard against the boy's face with his curled up fist. Zenobia's hawk-like eyes shot over and she glided over as quickly as I had ever seen her chubby legs carry her. Immediately, she pulled along two of the other older boys, my brother Titus being one of them. By the time they had ripped the two apart from one another, Ostro was spitting blood from his mouth and Flux had a prominent bruised, eye that appeared to be purple. Both of them received an ear-full, especially Ostro who was expected to set a better example than to attack another "elite". Though she didn't directly say it like that, she most certainly insinuated it. Titus held up Ostro as they approached Wren and I again, Flux went into the opposite direction. I simply looked at Wren and shook my head, slightly embarrassed at the sight of this. "You should have just let it go," I mumbled to him as Titus sat him down on the bench toward the back of the room, Wren and I gathering around. "Someone needed to stand up to him," Titus added, grabbing an ice pack from around the corner where we knew they would be found. I glared at my brother who had not been involved," Don't encourage it." "It is true, Savera," Wren added quietly, assessing the damage done to Ostro's bloody lip. "Someone needs to." I sighed, seeing that there was no winning this argument. Though, I did look over my shoulder to see the rest of the academy swarming around Flux to make sure that he was, indeed alright. For some reason, the sight of their group of roughly twenty looked much more appealing than our small group of four. To use the Capitol's words in context," The odds were not ever in our favor," should we ever stand up to them in reality. Every year, a list was posted of those who were eligible to volunteer. In one particular year, Flux, Titus, and Ostro were the three main prospects. It was expected that one of the three and only one of the three would be the male tribute. I paid little attention to the female tributes due to the fact that I had none of them as family members…nor were Wren or I anywhere near being eligible to volunteer. Over the days prior to the Reaping, the heads of the academy would set the top three against one another and then judge them in a manner very similar to how they would in the Capitol. On the day of the Reaping, the best of the best would be informed that they were to volunteer themselves. I suppose that was the bright side: those at the bottom never had to worry about being reaped because someone at the top would certainly take their place. Even if my name were to be reaped, I knew that I hadn't much to worry over. District Two wouldn't dare send someone such as myself in…there were other Career prospects who would out shadow me. In fact, I am fairly certain that I would not even compare in the slightest to any of the oldest girls. Though I was not the topic of concern in our house, mother and father were still a nervous wreck in the days leading up to the reaping. Two of their three children were the top picks for being in the Games. They stayed at the top of the list for several years and eventually the time would have to come when one of them was sent in to the games. I remember watching the fights in the academy and not being able to imagine either of my brothers actually killing someone else. Yet, I was going to have to get used to the thought for one year, the large trainer showed up on our doorstep with news that Titus would be the one to represent District Two in the Hunger Games. Author's Note: So…to be entirely honest, I have been experiencing an extremely dry season here lately as far as writing goes. Creativity has been running low, but this idea of Hunger Games came into my head after finishing the series and seeing the movie and I had to put it into writing. I do not plan on abandoning my other stories, but I do plan on beginning to separate my time evenly between the three. By the way, I do intend for Seneca Crane to be a big character in this story. Though at first, it may not seem like it. And this will definitely have elements from both the books and movie. Thank you for reading! Let me know what you think so far. :D