suddenly serious. "Rose? I have a very important task for you." The little girl nods, and Katniss grins slightly. "Perfect." {P} "How was your day little duck?" Peeta smiles down at his daughter as they walk, hand in hand, back to his house. Rose skips next to him, her blonde hair bouncing as her skirt twirls around her legs. She grins, grabbing a hold of his hand with her other hand. Peeta opens the door to his house to find Valentine, pinning a man he had never seen before, against the kitchen wall, locked in a passionate embrace. Peeta doesn't even blink as he sets his bakery basket down on the kitchen counter. He brushes past his wife and her latest lover, grabbing his daughter's hand, and leads the young girl to his office, locking the door behind him. Peeta hikes up his pant legs, crouching down to Roses' level. "What did Katniss say?" Rose giggles, twirling her hair around in her little fingers. "She said that I'm so important that I get to watch her house while she's gone. She's going to be gone a long time daddy! She said so!" Peeta grits his teeth, a bad feeling settling in his stomach. "She said that, did she?" {K} Katniss breathes in deeply as she locks her door behind her, her suitcase heavily holding her frail arms down. She slowly walks to the train station, her suitcase jerking back and forth on the uneven pavers. She pauses slightly at Peeta's house, staring at the closed curtains before gritting her teeth and moving on. She just prays that Rose was able to hold Peeta off, at least until she's out of the District. Many people, visitors or not, mill around waiting for the train. Katniss nods to the ticket man, and makes her way through security. After she's cleared, Katniss sinks down into a bench, making herself comfortable. A sudden commotion comes from the front of the station and Katniss stands up, frowning slightly. When she sees a mob of blonde hair rapidly making his way over to her, she panics, not being able to get her breath. She grabs her suitcase and races to the edge of the tracks, where the incoming train makes its way to the station. She pants, crouching slightly. "KATNISS!" Peeta yells, and she turns around, eyes wide. Everything seems to go in slow motion it seems to her. Her brown locks slowly whip around her face as she staggers to the side. Peeta reaches out a hand for her and she hesitantly reaches out, but fate never seems to play into her hands. It all happens too fast; a man in a black cloak suddenly slams into her, knocking her off-balance. She screams, her arms pin wheeling. "KATNISS!" Her head snaps backwards so hard she sees stars, and she stares up at Peeta, who is leaning over the safety rail of the balcony. Why is he up there? More people started to look at her, and she smiled softly, the rest of her body hitting the ground. The metal tracks hit her spine hard, snapping it to the side. Blood runs down the side of her head and she hardly feels the snap of her arm or the breaking of her foot. Her eyes flutter shut as the train runs over her, and she believes that this is always how it should have ended. She's finally free. {P} He sinks to his knees as the train runs over Katniss' body. People scream and shout for the train to stop as they watch the horror occur. They retrieve her body after the train station is shut down. He watches numbly as they wrap her body in a blanket. He stumbles over to the paramedics and takes her body from their arms. A couple of doctors start to argue, but seeing who it is, they nod sadly and start to clean up. Peeta doesn't really remember what happens as he walks home, all he feels is Katniss' almost decapitated head bounce against his shoulder, her broken foot hitting his thigh. Valentine greets him at the door with her usual scowl and he brushes past her, walking to his bedroom. "Peeta?! What happened to her?!" Val shrieks behind him. He slams the door shut in her face. Peeta slowly pulls his sheets back on his bed and lays Katniss down, fixing her hair back the way he likes it, running his fingers over her dead lips. Valentine opens the door, panting hard. "What is she doing here?! Get her out!" "SHE'S FUCKING DEAD, VALENTINE!" He shouts suddenly. Rose peeps her head from between Val's legs, her face wondering. Something in him snaps, and he drops Katniss' hand. "Get the hell out of my house, Val." Valentine gasps, her eyes going hard. "This is my house too, Peeta. I'm your wife-" "You've never been my wife Valentine! Get. Out." He slams the door shut, and silently sobs, tears running down his face. "This is never how I wanted this to end, Katniss." Peeta whispers as he curls up around her body, as if warding off her nightmares once again. "But fate never plays well in our hands, has it?" {R} Rose giggles, a cookie from school in her hands as she skips into her daddy's bedroom. "Daddy! Daddy! I was a good girl today so I got-" her daddy doesn't move from his spot on the blood stained bed. "Dadddddyyyy! Daddy wake up!" Rose struggles to get up on the bed, but when she does, she giggles, sitting on her daddy's leg. Katniss is sleeping besides him, blood covering her face. Her daddy doesn't even move when she tickles him. Rose places her ear on daddy's chest, listening for the heartbeat she's fallen asleep to since she was little. But that was there, was silence. Next to Rose' hand on the bed, as she cries, was a message, written in either Katniss or Peeta's blood. Do you love me?