"Do you… still sing?" Peeta asked between gulps of his soda. Katniss toyed with a fry before dipping it in ketchup and eating it, "Not really, I used to sing lullabies to Prim, but them… I don't know, not much of a shower singer," she didn't feel like bringing the whole connection that music had with her late father, it was a bit of a downer, "When have you heard me sing anyway?" she asked curious. Peeta blushed, "I remember… from firth grade, the teacher asked if anyone knew the valley song," she was taken aback she could barely remember that song now, "Your hand stood up and she sat you on the stool and you sang and all the birds in the sky stopped to listen," he coughed and took another sip of his soda. It was a bit haltingly. Katniss thought about it for a second, realizing that she couldn't do that anymore, sing to the wilderness to hear. It was an ability passed to her from her father, one that only she possessed. She didn't like to use it. "You have a remarkable memory…" "Only when it comes to you," he says good-naturedly, "Normally I can recall what I had for breakfast, but you can ask me about what you wore to go to school like, three weeks ago, and I will remember," Katniss grimaced, "That's a bit creepy, Peeta," He laughed awkwardly, "Yeah… sorry, I just realized that while saying," the blush that pops on his cheeks makes a good rival for the baby Prim's photos on the cuteness department. "I guess it's alright… maybe, its just… why me?" Peeta looks impious, as if that is the most outrageous thing someone could ask him, "You're kidding right?" when Katniss shakes her head in all seriousness he nearly gasps, "You're the most fascinating girl on school, everyone knows that," Katniss snots at that. "You don't need to lie Peeta," although her magic is telling her that he is being sincere. "I'm not lying, we all know that if you wanted you could be anything, like a cheerleader, or captain of the basketball team," she could easily be one of those things, with the right ingredients and the right moon she could wrap the entire school under her spell, but it sounded really boring. She looked at her now empty plate, "I don't want to be any of that, I just want to be…" she considered the words carefully, and then it dawned on her that she didn't had a finish for that "…me," it was all that she could muster. "And that's why I so interested in you," By the time they arrived at her house she sighed in relief, it was under her curfew, good daughter points for her! Peeta was walking her to the door when looked to the far end of the right side of the porch, "Your cat is staring at me," he really was, Buttercup was laying on the floor, head on his paws with the so common judgmental stare, but something else in his eyes, he was studying Peeta. "Maybe he wants to have a bucket of icy water to fall upon him," Katniss threaded, and while Peeta laughed at that, she'd meant it, which made the cat scurry away in fear, knowing that it was likely to really happen. Peeta squeezed her hand, up to this point she had not even realized that they were holding hands, "I really enjoyed today, and I'll have you know that I mean it," "Smooth talk you have there, Mellark," Katniss remarked with equal amounts of bitterness and playfulness, she knew damn well that this was not Peeta's first date. Not everyone waited as long as she did to experience these things. Peeta huffed in what seemed annoyance, "Sorry if I'm not experienced as you're, not all guys have a textbook about that," she could sense the sincerity again – in all honest she never felt any pretense the entire night from his part – she could also sense something else in his words, put she couldn't quite point what it was. "Oh, so you never went on a…" she tested the water, that was hard to believe. What was wrong with the girls of this town to not have made the moves on Peeta? He was what anyone could consider a catch, even Katniss who never gave much thought in anyone could easily say that. "Nope, not a single one… you?" She laughed in nervousness, "You're my first," she didn't know how that words gained a whole different meaning, but right after they left her mouth Peeta took her face in his hands gently and kissed the wind out of her. She felt dazzled and light headed, and there was a sensation building inside her with each passing minute. Peeta had his eyes closed, his mouth moving sinfully slowly and it got harder and harder to breathe and with heavy-lidded eyes she could see that all the lights from the street were flickering, dogs began to bark, a few stars on the sky had actually fallen and the primrose bushes of the garden began to bloom out of nowhere. Peeta broke the kiss first, panting and Katniss couldn't help herself if not peck his lips two more times, "You're my first too," he said breathlessly. He kissed her one more time and they both said goodbye before he climbed his bike and disappeared of her sight, leaving the butterflies of her stomach flapping furiously. She pressed two fingers to her lips, no doubt they looked swollen and kissed . "You two had not even crossed to second base," Buttercup's voice started her, she looked at him from where he stood near her at the porch, she had yet to open the front door, she looked to the way Peeta had went, "You're so screwed…" Buttercup announced before running and jumping inside the house through the window of the living room. "I'm so screwed,"