kids." "Wait!" Madge calls after him, causing the man to turn around. "If you're doing dinner with Effie, does that mean you won't keep the associates to finish up work tonight?" "I mean, you should have it all done," the boss reasons, scratching the back of his head. "But as long as you aren't going past any client deadlines, I'm not going to penalize you for it. Also make sure Effie hasn't said that it's urgent." Madge raises her eyebrow and laughs. "I thought it was your name up on that wall, Haymitch, not Effie's." "Well, you know that I'm just a name with a couple big clients to it. When it comes to office stuff, Trinket's the boss around here," he laughs, giving a final wave and walking away towards his office. It's true. Most of everyone knows that Haymitch takes care of big clients and public relations types of issues, while Effie takes care of the daily operations. The associates have a bet going around about whether Effie's name is going to be added to the firm before or after her own last name is changed to Abernathy. After this, Madge returns to work immediately. Although she has no idea how to work the fax machine and send Haymitch's documents to Mags Cohen, the challenging task at hand is definitely calling Gale. She's never voluntarily talked to him, let alone called him on the phone. A few clicks on the computer leads her to the employee directory, and types in his name and finds his cell phone number. Madge bites her fingernails and thinks about how to say what she needs to while still being as brief and quick as possible. Without a second thought, she punches the digits into the phone and it rings three times before he finally picks up. "Hello?" "Gale, it's Madge, listen, I-" "Undersee, what a pleasant surprise! What, bullpen got boring without me? I'll be back before you know it, trust me on that," he laughs arrogantly, and Madge already wants to scream. "No. Listen, your siblings, Posy and Vick are here waiting for you and-" "Fuck," he exclaims. "Fuck, fuck, fuck! I forgot about tutoring. I'm on my way right now." "Wait when will you-" Gale hangs up before she can finish her question, leaving Madge flustered and confused. She looks to her right and sees little Posy and Vick staring back at her; apparently she had raised her voice quite a bit. She stares confusedly at the phone and hangs up carefully, trying not to make any more noise. In 20 long minutes of replying emails and staring at the wall, Gale finally bursts through the elevator doors with a panicked look on his face. When he spins around to look at Vick and Posy, he seems to relax a little bit more and walks towards them quickly. "Hey guys, sorry I made you wait," he apologizes, leaning down to pick up Posy and place her in his arms. "It's okay," little Posy says, shrugging. "I read Ms. Effie's magazines and I met Madge! Madge with the pretty hair!" He glances reluctantly over to the reception desk and eyes Madge up and down. She looks away immediately, pretending not to stare, and mindlessly makes typing noises into the keyboard. From the corner of her eye she sees him talk to them a little bit longer, then Gale takes Vick's hand and begins to walk toward the elevators. Soon he's in front of the reception desk, and he clears his throat quietly causing Madge to look up. His eyebrows are scrunched up slightly and his fingers tap against the desk, almost as if he's nervous. "Um, thanks for calling me, Undersee," Gale grumbles, and Madge nods eagerly. "Yeah, no problem Gale. I'm on the job, aren't I?" He nods. "Sure. Also for looking after them. I'm going to take them for ice cream now." As they leave, Madge wonders if maybe there's more to Gale Hawthorne than she originally thought. If he helped in raising well-behaved kids like Posy and Vick, he can't be a complete psychopath. Maybe work just stresses him out and makes him act like a dick, but it's easier for Madge to just see him as an enemy. Since she's receptionist for the day, it's also her job to close up the firm and shut the lights. So as she waves farewell to all the associates, partners and paralegals leaving the 54th floor, Madge catches her father walking out from his big office. He looks tired out; years of non-stop work and a sick wife will do that to you. "G'night, Dad," she smiles. He gives her a thin smile. "You too Madgey. You should come home for dinner soon, your mother misses you dearly." "I definitely will. I'll call her tomorrow," she promises, thinking about her poor mom. She feels so incredibly guilty for not catching up with her family more, despite seeing her dad practically everyday. The truth is that she's too caught up in her own head to remember all these things happening around her. Madge wishes she could take a step back, take a breath and just prioritize her life for once. When he's gone and the few accountants also step out, it's just Madge in the office now. It should feel creepy or haunted, but there's something about the silence that feels correct and soothing. She stands up and heads to the bullpen to gather her stuff. Putting on her coat and grabbing her purse, she remembers the copious amounts of paperwork she was supposed to finish for the day. Without finishing it, Effie's never going to let her sit in on the deposition. She puts it on her mental agenda to come in early and have it all done. Besides, would it really be a day at Abernathy & Associates without a never ending list of tasks? A/N: Let me know what you guys think! Thanks so much for the read.