a large person but i guess that is the advantages of being the head baker. He has lots of powder on his clothes and he holds some bread. He has brown hair and has the same eye colour as Peeta. They both look quite similar except of the colour hair. "Hi, Is Peeta there?" I say, quite concerned. Usually he opens the door. He knew i was coming today. "Who are you again?" He says back. I forgot i had my hair down and with the capitols makeup on my face. It doesn't feel like i got it on at all. Hats up for the capitol for transforming me into someone who is completely different. I wonder how Peeta will feel about me looking so differently, maybe its for the good? "It's Katniss?" I say laughing. I want it to look like a joke but i am the only one laughing. I stop laughing immediately. Have i done something? I hope i haven't. I do like Peeta' dad. "One second." He says closing the rusty wooden door. I hear shouting and bits of my name. I put my ear to the door to hear very loud footsteps. Within seconds the door opens. Awkward. Peeta opens the door and leaves out the door straight. "K-Katniss?" Peeta says softly. Come on, i don't this. "Look, we can talk later, We need to clean up Haymitch, we only have ten minutes." Me and Peeta walk into Haymitch' house like it's our own. If we was a happy family Haymitch would be the child for sure. He surely acts like it. He has fallen asleep again and looks like he has opened a new bottle. Are you kidding me? Peeta screams in his ear and he jumps up. He is in shock. I can see it in his eyes. I can't help but crack up. I've never seen Haymitch like this in my life. Shocked? That is a first. "We need to go." Peeta says picking his up and putting him in the bathroom. "I'll hel-" Peeta cuts me off. "No, wait out here... Mans Job." What is that supposed to mean, can't women be strong as well? I am the mocking jay as well, surely i have some strength to my name. Sometimes Peeta can be rude, but sometimes it is for the good. If he wants to be truthful then he will. But i don't count that as the truth. But mind you, i am quite happy i am not doing it. All i can hear from the bathroom is them both screaming. I can't just stand here and do nothing, so i entertain myself by cleaning his house up a bit. I do try to keep my self entertained but it is failing miserably. After twenty minutes they both come out. I see Peeta is wet as well and the bathroom is soaked to the max. I am not cleaning that up. They can both do that. "We are late." I say, unconcerned. I don't care if we are late. I am worried about what Effie will say. She might be crying right now at how late we are. The capitol has to wait for us. And Effie does want us there. "Lets go." I say, leading them both out. We all go to the train station where Effie and the rest are. I say see that Effie has been looking for us. She must of been screaming and shouting because her wig is not in the right order it was this morning. " Where have you been!?" Effie screams from across the street. She is spitting out essays about how stupid we are but me and Peeta just blame Haymitch, and so does he. Effie can't help but stop talking because we all know that it is Haymitch' fault. We all get on the train and sit down on the small velvet chairs together with a table with large plates of food and desserts. "Right, this act of love needs to happen." "Now." I ignore this entirely and start eating. I understand that we are going to have to be in love but on the train it doesn't really matter. We are on a train with just Effie and the Makeup gang who are from the capitol; they are the ones who know that we are not in real love. Well, i hope the makeup gang know. The taste of the meat with the dry plum sauce is just incredible. The taste of the plums burst in your mouth while you eat the meat. This is all i care about right now, that i have a clear stomach. "Katniss?" Haymitch says in my ear. He knows i am trying to not listen but i end up looking at him straight in the eye. Even though i look after him where he is always full of alcohol. When he is sober he can be scary, i can't be fussed with him shouting in my ear. I can't say anything back because the truth shows on my face, there is no lies i can say to cover it up so i just carry on. "What." I say quite aggressively. "Don't act wall to wall with me sweetheart. You two need to get close before we get there. Drop the awkwardness. We are going to be there in about half a hour. I don't want you to embarrass yourself once you step through them doors before everyone single person will be looking at you. You are the two love birds of the capitol. You must speak up to your name." Haymitch replies. Love birds of the capitol? Is this a joke? I am the mocking jay. Not a toy. I am the start of the rebellion that caught alight but caught off. No one can play with my features and my life. My life for them is love. But really my life is a game. A game no one can understand but myself.