Day 10 I burst out into a little clearing sorta thing. I see the girl from 1 and the pair from 2 all leaning against different trees, as if they were resting. How could you be resting when you're in a death arena?! Just how?! And why?! Isn't survival the focus here?! My head twitches as I look at the girl from 1. "I can't take this. What if you're as crazy as Gem?" I ask the girl. "Can't take that risk." I say. I chuck my hatchet right at the girl from 1's chest. My hatchet collides with its target. Seconds later, the girl from District 1's canon fires. Her eyes roll into her head, and she slowly slides down the tree onto the grass below her. "Velvet!" The boy from 2 screams. He gives me a terrifying look. Oh, shit. The boy from District 2 picks up his sword that was leaning against the same tree as him. He slowly walks over to me, and stabs me right through the chest, like it's a completely normal thing to do. No reaction from him. Some blood pours out of my mouth. The last thing that I ever see is the boy from District 2 staring at me with a scowl across his face. 5th place: District 9 Male; Starvation, Day 14 I'm starving. Like truly starving. I'm at the point that I can't believe that I'm alive. I have no food. I have water, but not food. There's no fruit hanging from any of these trees or anything. What am I supposed to do? Just let myself die? Well, that seems to be the case as I lay down on the grass below one of the trees. Trees. Trees. Trees, bark. Bark! That's it! Some bark is edible, isn't it? Well, it's too late. I've already closed my eyes, and now they'll never open again. 4th place: District 8 Male; Killed by Himself and Bear Mutts, Day 19 I run as fast as I can from these... monsters. Mutations. Mutts. Bear - like things oozing green slime, like in a bad movie, chase me towards the Cornucopia. That's when I see the boy from 1 and the pair from 2 also running for the Cornucopia, because they're being chased by these things, too. After another minute, I reach the Cornucopia, with the mutts hot on my trail. I claw my way up onto the Cornucopia as fast as I possibly can. I stand up, and almost immediately slip right off. I fall to the ground, and land with a loud CRACK! But I'm not dead yet. Oh, no. I haven't suffered enough yet. The bears start to tear me apart, and actually eat me. My arm. My leg. Soon enough, my head. The Capitol's loving this. I'm from 8, one of the most rebellious Districts. They love seeing me ripped apart, not for revenge, but for entertainment. I'm relieved as I see a bright light. 3rd place: Gem Greene, District 1 Male; Killed by Jupiter, Day 19 I rush out of the forest, being chased by those fucked up bear things. The Capitol thinks that they can kill me that easily? Ha! I look around, and see the pair from 2, as well as the boy from 8 rushing for the Cornucopia as well. The bears are after them, too. I claw my way on top of the Cornucopia. The boy from 8 slips off, then gets eaten by the bears. BOOM! What an idiot. I notice that the girl from 2 is close to me. I grab her, and pull her my way. I put her in a headlock. "Kill me, and she dies too." I tell the boy from District 2. The girl from District 2 mouths something, but I don't see what. I'm surprised as hell when the boy from District 2 proceeds to stab me right in the chest. I fall, but bring the girl from 2 with me. My head smacks on the ground, and I'm done. 2nd place: Venus Harris, District 2 Female; Killed by Jupiter, Day 19 I climb onto the Cornucopia as fast as I can, so that the mutts don't devour me. Within seconds of climbing the golden horn, the boy from District 8 falls back down to the ground, and gets eaten by the mutts. Looking at it, it takes everything that I have not to throw up. Gem grabs a hold of me, and puts me in a headlock. "Kill me, and she dies too." Gem almost purrs at Rome. I mouth the words, Do it. Rome swallows hard, and walks over to Gem and I. He stabs Gem right through the chest with his sword. I catch a quick glance at Gem. A look of shock is permanently etched on his face. We tumble down to the ground below. Our heads hit the ground. Hard. I hear a canon boom right as my vision darkens. 1st place: Rome Jelman, District 2 Male- Victor Gem and Venus' canons boom almost back to back. "Ladies and gentlemen, may I present to you, Rome Jelman of District Two, the Victor of the First Annual Hunger Games!" Neptune Templesmith, the Hunger Games announcer screeches. I did it. I won, but at what cost? The cost of twenty - three innocent lives. That's the cost. I'm still in shock as the hovercraft picks me up from the arena. At least this is over. Victors So Far 1st HG: Rome Jelman, District 2 A/N: Hey guys! I thought that this would be interesting to do, so I gave it a shot. I know, I know, not a lot of diversity in the deaths. That's because this is copied from Year By Year, and the first few chapters really kinda suck, because I was much less experienced of a writer. Anyway, it'll get better. But, what did ya' think? Should I keep going, or should I end it here? Until next time (hopefully). -Bo