every cannon fired – there were seven tributes left, Shy included. She didn't much like those odds. She sat up, her parka falling into her lap as she did. The crinkled corner of an envelope poked out from one of the pockets. Shy still hadn't read Boag's letter. It wasn't that she didn't want to. She wanted to know what he'd thought to be so important that he swapped out her token to give it to her. But she didn't read it because she felt like she already knew. Her relationship with Boag had begun with a simple tryst maybe a little over a year ago. He'd been her friend so he didn't judge her. But as it carried on through the months she didn't think it strange to find herself wondering from time to time about all of the what ifs that could come if they escaped the reapings. She never spoke to Boag about them and he never brought the topic up either. Now she was glad for it. Shy made up her mind then and withdrew the envelope from her coat pocket. She'd looked at it only once before this, when she was given it along with her Game uniform. She had seen Boag's chicken scratch spell out her name before she'd tucked it away. It was still there now, albeit very wrinkled. Shy She thought back to her own letter, written for Boag and still held by Hatcher, their mentor, even as she tore open the flimsy paper. She'd decided to write it shortly after they'd both been reaped. In it she'd written all the things she'd never said, and then those she'd never dared to think. She put them all to paper and then threw them out of her mind right up until she knew Boag was dead. She knew she wouldn't have been able to kill him if she didn't. They would have destroyed her. " Hatcher has yours," Shy had told him. She'd said it like it was a charm. Like it would encourage him to make it back, despite knowing that she'd have to die for it to happen. He'd never get to read it. Shy held his letter in her hands. It was a little ripped from rough handling but still legible. There were fewer than ten words written and she read them in his voice. I loved you, Kitten. I always did. Boag . . Shy gave the axe a few test swings as she tromped through the forest. She was familiar with the tool, but she was no fighter. Again she began to wish she'd spent more time at one station or another during her week of training. Her only experience with an axe involved chopping trees. And trees were unyielding. They were no representative of a person, to say nothing of whether she could actually kill someone without either spilling everything in her stomach or keeling over. Shy couldn't use her left arm for much, but she had other problems. She'd felt dizzy when she finally climbed out of that hollow, axe in hand and the letter in her pocket. Her breathing was shallow and the fog in her head had thickened. But she could do it. If she wanted to be on that train heading home then she would do it. She almost didn't hear the shout at her left. The world spun about her as she turned her head, made her stumble, then came back into focus. It was one of the Career boys, a snowshoed one. He waved his arm about, signaling another who Shy couldn't see. She turned again, slower this time, and kept moving. She couldn't outrun him without tripping herself but if he came to her then maybe she could get him and then his friend after. The girl came out of nowhere, really. One moment Shy saw trees and snow, next she was in the snow, clouds and an angry blonde face above her. The Career had her hands around Shy's throat before she could recover her reeling senses. She fumbled the axe in her hand, struggling between fixing her grip on it and getting air into her lungs. Her fingers curled back around it and Shy whipped it. The girl's face twisted in a mask of pain and terror as the axe dug deep into her throat. Her grip loosened and she crumpled and fell like a dead leaf. A cannon shot confirmed she was dead. Shy shoved the girl off and tried to stand. Her throat hurt, and her heart hammered painfully against her ribs. Blood pulsed loudly in her ears. She couldn't hear a thing. But she could feel it when her lower back exploded in white hot pain. The ground rushed up to meet her and she found that the snow wasn't cold anymore. There was only a vague sensation of it against her hands and face. It didn't feel real. But the pain in her back did. And it was loud. She took a kick to the back of the head when she tried again to get up, to get away. A collection of black dots began to gather around the edges of her vision. The Career boy shouted something at her and pulled the knife out of her back. She couldn't pick out the words through the static buzzing in her ears like a nest full of tracker jackers. She thought that was weird. The giant wasps liked warm places, like the forests back home. Was she home? She thought she caught the sweet scent of hickory wood burning. She must be home. Shy felt a dull thump in the middle of her back. The dots spread inward and the buzzing grew louder. She felt warm. Her pain melted away. She felt another blow, to her shoulder this time. And then another. The wasps' angry buzzing grew to a hitch-pitched whine and the dots closed in. Everything went black. Then grey. Then it was quiet.