City. The whole paper was incredibly detailed, filled with information no normal university student should ever know. Her professors, and the dean by extension, had no idea what else to do. The FBI came the next day, searched her dorm room while hundreds of students crowded around to see the commotion, and she just stood in the corner with her hands behind her back like it was the most normal thing in the world. It wasn't until they confiscated her projects from the lab that the marble of her demeanor broke. She ran at them, screamed that they couldn't take her work, that they had no right. She clawed for the machines they were carting away while he held her back to keep her from outright attacking them. And then they expelled her, and when she walked off school grounds while he followed at her heels, he thought it was the end of it. It wasn't the end. She tore down walls and built an empire with the remnants, crafted something so much better and yet so much worse. The young business magnate, Analee Cresta. Genius. Billionaire. Engineer. Hero. Villain. Super villain. Enemy. Friend. Lover. None of it embodies her wholly enough. She's celestial – a black hole, eating away at all truths, tucked inside porcelain skin. He caresses her hip with his thumb, drawing invisible patterns on her skin. He's not really sure when his hands got there. "And now?" he asks quietly. Annie stares at him for a long moment. He wonders if she understands what he truly means – what makes you happier now – but she shatters his thoughts, like she shatters everything she comes in contact with, holds his face between both her hands and kisses him fully. "Tuesday," Annie murmurs against his lips. "Coin Bank on the corner of Adams and Harvey, I'll be leaving through the basement at 5:00. Then Thursday at Peace Pharmaceuticals at 1:30. I don't know when I'll hit Crane R&D again. You set me back quite a bit. But it will be soon." "When will you show me?" She smiles, trails her finger down the bridge of his nose. "One day, you'll see." She finishes buckling on her heels and leaves with a flutter of her fingertips. He stares at the door in silence long after she leaves. Then he flops back onto the mattress and throws one arm over his eyes. He's unsure what will visit him tonight – dream or nightmare. " Ouch! Mags, that hurts!" " Quit your whining, boy. This'll only be a second." Finnick mumbled something unintelligible and bit back another curse as Mags dabbed a cotton pad soaked in rubbing alcohol against a cut just above his brow. He'd just returned from patrolling, a fairly recent responsibility for him; Mags had been insistent that he wait a few years before actually putting his training to use on the streets. He had come back to Mags with several cuts, none particularly deep, but for some reason, he was left visibly shaken over the whole ordeal. He threaded his fingers together, careful to keep still while Mags treated his cut. "He was a boy. Probably only fourteen or fifteen years-old. He had a knife, and…" He swiped a hand angrily through his hair. "It's just... It's easy when it's a grown adult with a gun and you know they've lived long enough to know what they're doing isn't right. He just came right at me. Usually there's a look in their eyes when they see me. Fear, I guess. But this kid... He didn't look scared at all. He just came at me like he had nothing to lose. Like he didn't care if I just killed him instead of taking him to the police." Finnick covered his face with both hands, silent for a long moment. "When does it start? When do people choose something like this? Is this what I signed up for? To throw a bunch of guys into prison, fill the place up, hope that they'll turn over a new leaf? Am I just cleaning up the garbage on the streets?" " Oh, my dear boy," Mags said solemnly, melancholy in her eyes. "My sweet Finnick. You must understand something, and you will not like what I say. You've chosen a noble path. You have. But even so, your decision to do good for the city is one you cannot easily take back. You've shown your face to trouble already. So even if you no longer seek trouble, trouble still seeks you." He snorted. "That sounds like some cheesy cliché." " Maybe. But all clichés were born from truths at one time." She cupped his face with one wrinkled hand. "One day, you will understand. You are still young." " Am I? Then why do I suddenly feel so old? Like I've had enough trouble for one lifetime already?" He said the last bit quietly, unaware of how closely his words mimicked Haymitch's years ago. "Finnick, it is not your place to get people to do what they already do not want to do. You cannot change a person truly, no matter how much you wish. But you can inspire them. You can guide the way. You can show them true wisdom. But ultimately the decision is theirs, and we can only hope for the best." "So that's it? People are just good or evil? And I gotta figure out which one they are and deal with it?" His frown was morose. Mags was supposed to give him all the answers, make him feel better, but he was left with even more questions than he started with. Mags patted his leg, a comforting gesture. "Of course not. It is not so simple, boy. Not so simple at all." Thanks for reading! Comments/reviews are greatly appreciated! Don't forget to check out the "They Should Have Warned Us" tag on my tumblr for accompanying artwork and inspiration! Check my profile for my tumblr!