with his rock hard chest, I looked up to see him smiling down on me, considering I was 5'3 this wasn't surprising. He leaned down and whispered in my ear. "You forgot to lock the car". I gulped at the closeness of his face. "Hey Rosie." he said. "Rosie?" I asked quizzically. He slowly put his hands on my hips and I felt a jolt of electricity shoot up me when he did. I backed away and leaned up against Rue's car. "Something wrong?" he asked me, looking almost hurt. "I don't even know you. I would really appreciate it if you didn't touch me." I said softly. I may have been little, but I knew where I stood. I knew that I didn't have to take that from anyone. "I'm going to wait for you to be ready. Then when you are, I want you to tell me." he said looking at me as if I was a map, and he was trying to find the right path. "Why?" I asked. I didn't understand, he only knew little about me. I knew all I needed to know about him though. More than I ever needed to know. I knew everything from who he hooked up with last week to how wide his dick was. Word spread like wildfire in our school. "I'm intrigued by you. I want to know more." he said looking at me with a smile. I nodded my head and we walked back, almost completely forgetting the encounter. We got back to our spot, the others giving us knowing looks but didn't say a word. Rue and I realized the time, and said we had to go before the mall closed. We all exchanged phone numbers and then Rue and I drove off to the mall. The perfect place for girl talk. Once we were far enough away, she practically screeched at me to tell her everything, so I did. I told her every little detail, and when I told her the ending we both sighed in awe. "Prim! This is so exciting! Cato Hadley! And my best friend!" She said emphasising every word. As we pulled into a parking spot I felt my phone buzz and I could only guess who it was. I unlocked my phone and then read the message. Cato: Hey rosie, its me Prim: Me who? haha Cato: The man of your dreams. Oh my. He was the man of my dreams but I wasn't about to let him know that… Prim: Haha Cato, very funny Cato: Let me know when you get to school tomorrow. We can hang out Prim: Okay my locker is D12 Cato: I'll be there My heart stopped. I showed Rue the messages as we walked in the building and she clapped her hands in glee. "Now we have to find you some adorable clothes! With all that cash, you're going to look smokin'!" she exclaimed. We went from shop to shop, and I eventually ended up with three new pairs of Miss Me Jeans, five pairs of leggings, a pair of Bailey Bow Uggs, three peplums, a jean jacket, some graphic tee shirts and some crop tops. I also got some more earrings, necklaces and hair accessories. When we reached the makeup I decided to get three things of eye-liner, some mascara, blush, concealer, and some brown/nude eyeshadow, and nail polish. We were loaded down with bags as we walked out of the mall, we fit everything in the trunk, backseat, and under our feet in the car. Rue and I squealed over our finds and planned on wearing matching outfits tomorrow. Then she dropped me off at my house and drove away as I waved goodbye from my front step. I hauled all my goodies into the house, and then ate some fruit, brushed my teeth, washed my face, said goodnight to mother, and then went to bed. Cato POV: As I lay in my bed, I think about her. Primrose. She was as beautiful as a Rose, and boy did she blossom. After I saw her get all blushed up from my wink, I just had to talk to her. After a quick conference with the guys, we all agreed to go over and talk to them. They were smug as could be when I told them about it, especially after knowing I hadn't had any plans to get serious senior year. We shuffled over to them as the girls were talking, I interrupted them and just blatantly said "Hey I'm Cato.". Great job Cato, way to look dumb. So I quickly introduced my friends and watched as she squirmed under my gaze. Normally women flail under it, not squirm. I was probably terrifying her, with my smirk and body size and all. Her friend introduced them as Rue and Primrose. Her name resounded in my head. My Rose, I had to make her mine. We joined them, and once I figured out they had gone to our school and were only two years younger than us, I was shocked. I never forget a face like hers, then again I have never seen one like her's before. I watch her converse with other people, and watch her laugh. She gets a slight color on her cheeks when she laughs, and it almost has a melodic sound to it. She gets up to go get a water bottle, and I watch her walk away. I watch her hips sway back and forth, while her hair bounces at her mid back. I just get up and follow her. I knew that what happened by Rue's car, must have been something she wasn't used too. She surprised me. I didn't know what to expect when I walked up to her, and felt her soft skin at her hips. I certainly didn't expect what happened. I could continue my thoughts in the morning I thought. Tomorrow was going to be another day with Primrose. I couldn't wait.