flirt with him. "What can I get you ladies?" Peeta called from the cash register. The girls were dressed in ripped jeans and faded sweaters that is about as fancy as District 12 can get. "Oh, I don't know, what do you think I'll like?" the blonde one giggled. "Our blueberry muffins are fresh out of the oven," he dully replied. "Oh, let's get four of those!" she beamed. Peeta grabbed the tongs to put four different muffins in paper bags. "We heard about Rye. I'm sure you'll miss him once he goes to the Capitol," the brunette said to him. "Yeah, well. He's not exactly dreading it. I think he'll be okay," Peeta replied. He was worried Rye would be placed with a family that would do horrific things to him like he'd heard in stories at school but he tried not to let on. "I don't know, I kind of hope I'm placed as a slave when I'm in high school. I could go to a really nice family and they could have a daughter my age and we could be best friends," the blonde beamed. "Or she could be totally horrible and make you scrub the entire house at all hours of the night," another girl replied. "You ladies have a nice day," Peeta forced a grin and handed the girls their receipt to get them out. Just hearing about all the possibilities of Capitol homes bothered him. The rest of the night went by slowly as expected and Peeta's father left to attend to his other job at the mines. Peeta decided to go into the back kitchen to practice recipes he'd been devising to put in his own bakery somewhere overseas. A couple hours went by and he heard the jingle of the bell at the front door to signal someone was here. He glanced at the clock that read 11:20 PM and wondered who wanted bread this late. He walked out front and was relieved to see Rye's familiar face. His grin quickly faltered though to see him holding the sack of money Peeta had been hiding for over a year. "You want to explain what all this is, little brother?" Rye's deep voice boomed and echoed throughout the bakery. "It's just some extra money," he replied quietly and refused to make eye contact with his brother. "Some extra money? Peeta, there is nearly $100 dollars in here! Are you aware our sister has deformed feet now because we could never afford shoes that fit her? Do you realize what we could do with that amount of money? Why have you been saving it?" "I just need it." "For what? You're clearly not spending any of it on yourself!" Rye yelled as he pointed at Peeta's ripped pants that were too short for him. Peeta sighed. If he knew anything about his brother, he knew he wouldn't back down without a valid explanation for situations like these. One time he had cornered Peeta until he would admit that he ate the last bit of steak left over from their previous hunt. He puffed his chest out and thought there was no use in lying to his brother now. "I need it because I'm going to get out of District 12 before I'm sold as a slave or before I have to work at any of the establishments here. I want to open my own bakery somewhere outside of the country," Peeta boldly replied. Rye's face faltered and a glint of fright went over his eyes but anger quickly replaced it. "And what about Coral? You just going to leave her here?" Rye asked. "I'm saving for her too. I would save for you too if you weren't so gung-ho about going to the Capitol," Peeta retorted. "The Capitol is my ticket out of District 12, Peeta. I have a chance to get out of here, why would I shy away from that?" "Because you're going to Capitol to become a slave , Rye! I don't understand why everyone here is so okay with that! I can't be someone's servant, I just can't. And when the choices are that or working some place here for no money are my only options you can't blame me for wanting to get out," Peeta shouted as he stomped to the back of the bakery. Rye jumped over the counter and followed him to the back to find his younger brother sitting in a chair with his head in his hands. Rye sighed. "Maybe you could take over for dad here. You already know how to do everything here and you're his son. That counts for something," Rye spoke softly. "And what, settle in this town just like dust? I need to get off this broken merry go 'round, Rye. Maybe you'll realize someday you do too," Peeta replied. "Maybe you need to realize that this is just how it is. This is what society expects out of District kids. There's no point in trying to change a society that is deemed good. It's never going to change or slow down, Peeta." "It's deemed good by the Capitol because it's good for them. Nothing about this life is good for you or I. None of this is what we want it's just what we know. Come with me, Rye, we can get out of here together, right now." Peeta spoke with a crazed look in his eyes. "I can't." "Yes, you can, we can ju-" "I just can't, " Rye loudly spoke as he got up and walked towards the door of the bakery. He looked back at Peeta's strained face. "And you're not taking Coral with you either," Rye spoke as he walked out the door. Peeta sighed as the bakery now sounded eerily quiet. He glanced over to the counter and saw that Rye had left the sack of money. He was getting off this broken merry go 'round if it was the last thing he did.