place his portals, him trying to find all the various ways to get her killed whenever he can, all to the tune of some forty-thousand viewers watching their antics worldwide. Peeta is one of the viewers and he comments in chat that they're like a bickering married couple, but it gets washed away in the flow of the chat, unnoticed by either of them. Finnick doesn't have to see it, because he's already thinking this feels like home. He watches her stream on a Sunday. (It's one of her random days.) He doesn't care what anybody else thinks. Annie is perfect. It's the week before finals for her. All the other guys have already logged for the night. He and Annie are staying up late together; him because he has a terrible sleep schedule, her because she has a paper to finish. He can tell from the drawl in her voice that she's about to pass out at the keyboard. He laughs into his headset. "Annie. Go to bed, idiot." "I can't until I finish this paper. Some of us don't make a living streaming video games online." "You just won fifty grand from a video game tournament. Does that not mean anything to you?" "It means I'm going to invest that money to my future. I'm not just gonna sit on my ass and piss it all away. Just talk to me to keep me awake." "Oh no, Miss Grumps. You're just gonna end up falling asleep to my dulcet tone. You do the talking." Though he can't see her, he can practically feel her rolling her eyes when she huffs out, "Fine." Annie rambles about anything that pops into her head – her dog, her part-time job, the cute purse she just mail ordered – sentences interspersed with yawns. He's drifting too, but not the same way she is. He can just see the way she'd be sitting at her desk, the light of the monitor reflecting off her sea-green eyes, tongue poking out between her teeth while she concentrates. Her hair would be tied up in a messy bun, or possibly loose and unkempt around her shoulders. He would bring her a blanket, maybe a mug of tea, and she'd smile up at him. But eventually her yawns would be too frequent, so he'd gather her up in his arms, this tiny sweet thing, and tuck her into bed. Kiss her drooping eyelids, then her lips, feather-light. Join her underneath the covers, whisper loving words, and just hold her like she means the world. He feels himself beginning to stiffen in his sweats. He's not as startled as he'd been previously. In fact, he feels like he almost expected it, because the sleepy lilt in her voice is so reminiscent of her smoky Siren singing, but the visions that plague his mind are wholly different from the sensual feelings of before. Finnick hesitates when he grips his waistband. He hasn't done this since karaoke night – not to the sound of her voice, that is (her live broadcasted voice). Reluctantly, he recalls the mixed feeling of shame and lust that welled within him. This is different somehow. Something has changed between the two of them – he knows it. He's seen her. Finally seen her properly, and he feels stupid for not seeing it sooner. It should have happened in the hotel lobby, or on the tournament stage, or at the airport, anytime he had her in his arms, he should have kissed her, made her realize what she means to him. Even if real life doesn't work that way; it would have been right. He wraps his hand around his cock, feels how it pulses beneath his fingers. She's still talking, and he closes his eyes just to listen to her for a bit, as if trying to memorize the sweet sound. Then he starts moving. His breath quickens in time with the strokes of his hand. It feels good, if a bit hollow. Like seeing her on the screen. It's beautiful, and it's her, but it's not the real thing. And, God, he wants it, he wants the real thing. More than he can say, more than he can bear . He's just on the cusp; he's aching to remember the feel of her arms wrapped around him, the warmth of her breath, her small hand clasped in his own. Her name—her real name—tumbles from his lips like a prayer when he comes, spilling all over his hand. It's only when he catches his breath and cleans himself off with a tissue that he notices the comm has been eerily quiet for the past few minutes. At first, he thinks, with mild amusement, she must have fallen asleep at the keyboard after all, and he mulls over the idea of waking her so that she can get into bed properly. Then he catches sight of the little green microphone symbol on his UI, the one that illustrates an open broadcasted mic line, and he realizes with steadily growing horror that the comms may be quiet for an entirely different reason. His heart plummets. He can't speak, can't move, oh, but he can think . Think of all the ways she's sitting in disgust at what he's just done. He's so keenly aware of the rushing roar of his blood in his ears. Desperately, he wishes, hopes, prays she really has dozed off. Not this silence. Anything but this silence. "You asleep?" he probes quietly, fretfully. "Um." That's all she says, before the comm goes quiet again and she promptly disconnects from the channel. He drops his head into his hands. Shit. Thanks for reading! Comments/reviews are greatly appreciated. And here is everybody's equivalent screen names, if you didn't already guess. Finnick—Hey Its Knotts Annie—Scylle Gale—Dethbomb Peeta — Yeastie Boy Brutus—Ettu Marvel—Shy-Knee Johanna would totally be the female version of Michael Jones and have her own Rage Quit series if she were an online gaming personality.