see the guilt they wear on their sleeves. Seesy lets go of my hand almost immediately as she backs up. Lola squeezes it before she does and there are tears already dripping down her face as the harsh reality of the situation hits her. I feel the blood drain from my face, but I fold my hands carefully in front of me and make my way forward to the front, one agonizing step at a time. Genie smells like perfume – like too much perfume; I've never owned any, but I never want to after it assaults my nostrils and imbeds itself into my mind. When she smiles at me, I manage some sort of grimace back at her before taking my place in front of Seeder. Genie continues to speak, as if my mother wasn't screaming and begging for someone to volunteer in my place, but we all know no one's going to. It might be an honor to volunteer to enter the Games in the Career districts, but here in 11 no one is willing to take that chance. Eventually, Rosetta manages to shut mom up, because the crowd around us becomes quiet once more. I try not to so much as glance at the rest of my family, because, so far, I'm managing to keep my cool. I know I'll crack if I so much as peek in their direction. My eyes, however, decide to land on my brother, who's maybe an inch away from falling apart completely. Rolex's hand steadies him on his shoulder, but does little for the broken look in his eyes as they bore into mine with such intensity I feel like fire could erupt from them at any second. "Now, for the gentlemen." I'm trying to convey to him that I'll be fine – that nothing bad is going to happen to me because I'll do anything to get back to them—that I almost don't here Genie falter with the name she's reading. When I glance at her, I know something awful just happened if she was giving me such an apologetic face. My heart drops to my stomach. "Thatcher Trosse!" Sympathy is a hard thing to come by now days, but I swear it's in the look Genie gives me as she glances between Thatcher and myself. If my mother was sobbing before hand, there isn't a word to compare it to what she is doing now. I see a pair of Peacekeepers break away from the crowd of would-be tributes to make their way over to her. Father and Rosetta try desperately to get her to stop, but she's collapsed, every last fragile string holding her together broken beyond repair. The boys around Thatcher start to make a sort of aisle to the stage, the implication urging him forward. His lips have turned into a frown, making me miss already the easy-go-lucky boy I woke up to with a laugh on his breath and a light in his eyes. He heads towards me with a heartbroken, but determined look set upon his features. He breaks away from the crowd and marches towards me until he's just on the other side, barely an arm's length away. I try not to picture how marvelous he's going to do in the Games. He stands at 6 feet even, his shoulders broad and set firm as he stands stiff-backed in front of the crowd. This is the boy who used to walk me to school; the boy who used to walk me to work. This is the boy who slept next to me in that shack we called a home and defended me even when I was just a child. I know the Career pack will want him, but I know they won't want me. That doesn't make me feel any better, but I can't help thinking about my short future. Genie puts a hand on both of our shoulders and thanks our family. Thanks them ! Thanks them for their children who will die at the hands of the Capitol, for their children who are about to be forced to kill for fame and fortune. It disgusts me and I can see Thatcher's doing everything in his power to hold back a deriding comment. The cameras shut off, and the Peacekeepers grab us both by our upper arms, dragging us into the Justice Building none too gently. The last thing we hear is our mother screaming our names. And then a gun shot. The doors of the Justice Building keep my eyes from lingering, from finding that unfortunate soul. Seeder and Chaff aren't too far behind us, but they're just as wary of the Peacekeepers as Thatcher and myself. We're both thrown into one room. Thatcher helps me to my feet when Chaff slams the door behind him. Neither Seeder or Chaff can seem to contain the worn look rooted firmly on their faces as they lead us to the couch in the corner of the room. "I'm sure it was just a warning shot." Seeder tries to be comforting, laying one of her hands on my thigh and the other on Thatcher's forearm. "You're going to get to say goodbye to..." "To the rest of your family." Chaff finishes, plopping down in a chair and pulling a flask from his inside pocket. Out of public eye, I let my poorly masked façade break and tears spill down my cheeks as I try to ease the stabbing pain in my chest. Thatcher's arms wrap protectively around me, and I know he's struggling not to let the river break through the leaks in his walls. A/N: For those of you just tuning in, you'll find that this chapter is utterly amazing. (Not because of me, but view what Sass says, ha.) For those of you looking back, not much has changed, but you'll notice that it's more polished. New or old, let me know what you're thinking. 3 I very much value your opinions.