brought the most magnificent ideas to life armed with nothing but her brilliant mind. That Annie Cresta. Had feelings for him. Oh. Tentatively, he reached for her hand. He kept a loose grip on her fingers, leaving enough space for her to pull away. She didn't. "Why wouldn't I let you have me?" he whispered. Her expression looked hopeful and tortured all at once, and he was suddenly filled with the need to wipe out every unhappy thought from her mind. He needed to make her smile again. "You're the kindest, smartest, loveliest girl I know, and anybody would be crazy not to see that. I mean. You're the only girl who could get me so excited about walking around in the lake at the crack of dawn. I mean it. I—" He swallowed, taking the time to collect his thoughts. She was staring at him thoughtfully. Feeling bolder, he carefully laced his fingers with hers. "Can we, maybe—? Can we, maybe, just be honest with each other from now on? I mean. I can't say I'll be perfect. I get scared too. But I'll do my best. I'll try. For you, I'll try. Because I'm wild about you, Annie Cresta, and I'd do anything to keep you." She looked as though she wasn't sure whether to feel happy or sad. The corners of her lips kept twitching up one second, dropping back down the next. Lightly, she squeezed his hand, but she gave him a peculiar sort of look. "You're very odd, you know." He couldn't help it; Finnick threw his head back and laughed, feeling absolutely elated, even when she knit her brow in confusion. She was so, so very endearing. "I am," he agreed. "Just means we'll go well together, you and I." That seemed to crack the last bit of resistance within her, because Annie graced him with the sweetest smile he'd ever seen. It was like she was glowing from the inside out, the way her face lit up so incandescently. "I do like you far better when you're honest," she conceded. "Well lucky you, I like you just as much," he said, grinning cheekily. She scoffed and poked him in the stomach. "Just like you to ruin the moment." She narrowed her eyes at him, but then looked thoughtful. "I'd be okay if you kissed me though," she said, taking a half-step forward. His grin softened into something more genuine. "I'd be okay too. More than okay," he said, closing the distance even further. Annie smiled, slowly, shyly. She snaked her hands around his neck, tugged him down. The first time, his nose bumped against hers before their lips could meet. She let out a small squeak, and he held up his hand, touching the point where they had collided. "Try again," she said. He was happy to oblige. She was tiny; she had to perch on the toes of her runners and he had to crane his neck down to meet her, but the moment his lips met hers, it was all worth it. Apparently emboldened, she tugged down on his neck, perhaps a bit stronger than she intended, because she pitched backwards, and he followed. They landed in a heap on a pile of books, teeth knocking together painfully. For a long moment, they simply stared at each other, eyes wide in mutual surprise. Then Annie let out an undignified snort. She pressed her fingertips to her lips, but it did nothing to hide her wide smile stretched across her cheeks – he wasn't faring much better – and soon they were both laughing wildly. " Shhhh!" They slapped their hands over their mouths simultaneously. Annie giggled again, quieter this time, and he smiled at the sound. They really did look very odd, didn't they? "Try again," he said, cupping her cheek. They didn't fit together quite so perfectly yet, but that would only get better, with time. Annie shifted, keeping one hand wound around the back of his neck, pushing away some books that were digging into her back with the other, because snogging on a pile of sharp-cornered books really wasn't as comfortable as some students made it out to be. He hovered over her on his elbows as she settled back, and kissed her again. And again. And again. It faintly registered in his head, as he buried his hand into the tangled tresses of her hair, that he'd started off this escapade searching for something sweet, though, for the life of him, he couldn't put his finger on what that was anymore, because surely there was nothing sweeter than the taste of Annie Cresta's lips upon his. Annie sat facing a corridor wall, scribbling on a piece of parchment she had pressed flush against it. She had her canary yellow shoes off and neatly set beside her. "Annie!" She looked up and couldn't stop from smiling when she spotted Finnick waving to her from down the hall. "I've been looking for you! Come on, love, we gotta leg it, we'll be late for Potions!" "Coming!" she hollered back and hurried to shove on her shoes. "No running, Annie," Gloss chided as he passed by. "How's that experiment of yours going, by the way?" Annie blinked up at Gloss owlishly. "Experiment?" "You told me O'Dair was heckling you, so you were going to put him through the wringer to see how long it takes before he cracks?" "Oh, that silly old thing?" Annie smiled coyly. "I gave that up ages ago." Annie ignored the puzzled look Gloss gave her and skipped down the hall to where Finnick awaited. Thanks for reading! Comments/reviews are greatly appreciated. This fic makes a reference to a webcomic I follow called Cucumber Quest. It's charming and adorable, and you guys should read it. If you like what you've read, please consider following my tumblr, and check out my Yew & Ivy tag, where I post wips, artwork, and more! Tumblr link is my profile.