District Four's Finnick Odar, District Seven's Johanna Mason, and District Twelve's Katniss Everdeen. The other alliance, the careers, consisted of District One's Cashmere Sparkle and Gloss Sparkle, and District Two's Brutus Maximums and Enobaria Vice. District Four's Mags Kale, District Seven's Blight Oak, and District Twelve's Haymitch Abernathy, I suspected, were going to be in the anti-career alliance, but Mags got speared in the back by Brutus while Blight ran into the force field as blood rain fell from the sky while Haymitch easily got disposed of by the District One twins. Slowly, one by one, for the next three days, the careers killed off the anti-careers and anyone else they could find. The anti-careers main fighters were Katniss Everdeen, Finnick Odar, and Johanna Mason, those three were the front line warriors while Beetee and Wires were support. The anti-careers had been planning something, as they were setting something up before the careers attacked them. The epic fight between the careers and the anti-careers was quick and brutal, but both sides took major casualties. Katniss, taken by surprise, was useless at close range as she got bitten in the neck by Enobaria. I watched with satisfaction as Enobaria ripped out a bloody chunk of her skin while also ripping out a red string attached to Katniss' neck as blood sprayed in every direction, painting Enobaria's face with liquid red. Enobaria was then skewered through the head by one of Finnick's tridents. The trident was shoved through her head so hard that it cracked the back of her head open before spilling out chunks of raw meat. At the same time, Johanna single handedly fended herself against the District One twins, trying to keep the two of them back with her hatchets. The twins attacked as one, and while District Seven's only living female victor managed to defend herself against one attack, the other got through to her and managed to stab her through the side of her skull. Gloss, having a second mouth appear across his neck an instant before it started to drool red, started to bleed out as he choked on the thick blood. Cashmere, momently stunned by her brother's unstoppable death, got stabbed in the back by Finnick. The final showdown between Finnick and Brutus was the climax of the quarter quell. Finnick, despite being younger than Brutus, just couldn't fight the sharp reflexes and over whelming strength of the older victor. After killing Finnick with his own Trident by stabbing him through the mouth and severing his spine from his brain, Brutus gleefully murdered the District Three pair, bashing their heads in with his fists, claiming that he never liked them anyway. I shut the T.V off and sighed. "And that's," I said to myself. "Is how you kill the second rebellion." I said that every time I finished watching the third quarter quell, it was like a tradition for me now. When I had started I couldn't remember, not that it matters I guess. As I sat in my victor house, I thought of what the events of the rebellious acts of some of the districts, mine included, did for the districts of Panem. Because of that girl, that fire bitch, the districts only became worse then they were before. I don't know what happened to the other districts, but I know that just by my home, things have gotten worse. My grandparents, who lived through the changes following the rebellious acts of the district, said that poverty in the district became higher, starvation rates soared while the number of peacekeepers increased and more people were whipped, tortured, and publicly executed. Methods of punishment became more creative and brutal. Our lives had gone down the drain because of that girl. But in a way, I was glad that it had happened. After all, it was bound to of happened at one time or another, since the tension was high before. The rebellion was done and over with, and now we were suffering even more, but at least we all knew that it was impossible to defeat the Capitol now. We weren't going to go on any rebellions, we weren't going to make our lives any harder than they already were, we weren't going to sacrifice more lives in vain, we were just going to live. Now here we are, living like nothing had ever happened. The Capitol continues to rule us, and the Hunger Games continue. Katniss Everdeen, the girl on fire. A fitting name for her since she was the one who created wild fire across this damn country. They said she was a beacon of hope, but all she really was was an unsteady oil lamp that fell and burned her home before spreading its inferno to her neighbours. But for all she had done to everyone, Katniss Everdeen somehow remained a symbol, an idol, unforgettable. While Saddy, who was a better person than Katniss could ever be, was nothing more than another forgotten tribute in the arena. Guess the only tributes that get remembered are monsters. No. We're all monsters in our own way. Hell, even Saddy was a monster for letting me kill her and leaving me in this dreadful world. And while I did want to join her in the afterlife, I wasn't going to let her gift of life go to waste. With anger quickly building up inside me because of that thought, I gave the under side of the table a hard kick, a kick hard enough to send it airborne before it loudly crashed back onto the floor. The shattering of glass occurring almost musically. Saddy may of let me live, but she certainly didn't give me life. The things that I have to live with, the things I have to do and the people I have to deal with along with the conditions I'm under. All of those added together with me living in this shittacular world made it a living hell. Dying would be easier.