that was sure to be the opposite. Reaping day was a little different in the fishing district. Being a Career district, the tributes were selected weeks beforehand from a group of those had been training years for the Games, usually an eighteen. When the day came, no matter whose name was drawn, the two people selected would volunteer and take their places as the tributes. The leaders of District Four had taken notice of Finn's natural ability with a sword, and had selected him to enter the Games. In a few hours, he would volunteer his life to the District. The men of the Hightower family had trained for the Games since they began, twenty one years ago. Not all had been selected to volunteer, and those that did usually didn't win. But that's not to say the family didn't have any victors. Finn's older brother Percy had won six years ago, and brought tons of attention to the Hightowers. And now it was Finn's turn to follow in his footsteps. There were footsteps on the dock behind him, and Finn turned around. Striding towards him was a tall man, wearing a clean black suit and was completely bald. Nothing the likes of him was seen in the fishing district. Finn stood to meet the stranger. "Finn Hightower?" said the man, formally, extending his hand. "Felix McArthur. I'm from the Capitol." They shook hands, Finn sizing the man up. While the District Four and the Capitol were on fairly decent terms, he still didn't like the looks of this man. "Can I help you with something?" Finn said, as politely as possible. "I hear you are the designated tribute this year. Congratulations." Finn smirked. Only in the Career districts did those two phrases follow each other. "I have come to you with a proposition." "I'm sorry, sir, but I don't make deals with strangers." Finn nodded, and made to sit down again, when Felix grabbed his arm. "You may want to hear me out." The look in the man's eye made Finn stand once more. "I work for a very important company, run by a man named Tallon Watt. We have significant influence in the Capitol, and would be very interested in extending that influence into the Hunger Games." "I'm no one's lackey." Finn was starting to get annoyed. The Hunger Games were difficult enough as it is. Finn didn't need to pressure of being a spy for some Capitol company added to that. "I think you may have misunderstood. Our company has money, and would be willing to sponsor you. In fact, we can almost assure that you would win. All you have to do is make sure certain events happen in certain ways." There was something very convincing about Felix. He didn't look like others from the Capitol. No flashy clothes or painted skin. He was completely real, and almost seemed friendly. He smiled at Finn, revealing a set of perfectly white teeth. "I know you come from a legacy of Careers. Wouldn't it be exhilarating to add another victor to the family tree?" Felix had found Finn's weakness, his obsession with upholding his family's reputation. "How can you be sure I'd win?" Finn asked, hope peaking through his voice. "We're very friendly with the Gamemakers. We can keep you safe." Felix gripped Finn's shoulder. "Interested?" Finn mulled it over for a second. How hard would it be to kill a few tributes in a certain order or keep some alive for awhile? And having a sponsor right out of the gate would be fantastic. Finn grinned and shook Felix's outstretched hand. "Very." "Great. We'll be in touch with you at the Capitol." With one last smile, Felix turned and strode away. Finn watched him pull out a phone and begin talking into it. It was a rushed speech, and he continuously glanced back at Finn. Finn's confidence began to wane. Felix suddenly appeared a lot more suspicious. Finn rose and walked back towards Victor's Village, which sat right on the beach. His family had moved into the small collection of houses after Percy's victory, and had lived there ever since. He walked into the largest of the houses and after tossing a quick hello to his father and mother, he ran upstairs to get ready. Two hours later, Finn, his parents, and both of his brothers left for the reaping. Unlike some of the lower districts, District Four's reaping was almost a happy event. Since there was no question of who the tributes were, there was no tension. Finn joined the rest of the eighteens, nodding at Mayleen Granger, the selected female tribute. The mayor of District Four, a happy, round man, come out on stage soon after and gave his usual speech. Then the bowls were brought out and a name was drawn from each. A boy and a girl nervously took the stage, waiting for the Capitol host to say the fated question. "Will there be any volunteers?" Mayleen nodded at Finn, and together they walked up on stage. The two other kids smiled anxiously and hurried off. Mayleen and Finn announced their names to the crowd, and there was a cheer. As Finn was enjoying the applause, he caught sight of something and his smile fell. Felix McArthur was standing near the back of the crowd, smirking. When they made eye contact, Felix winked, and Finn's stomach churned. Suddenly, he regretted making the deal. What exactly had he signed up for? There it is! Hope you enjoyed it. The second chapter should be out soon. As you can tell, this story is going to follow Archer, Penny, Autumn, and Finn as they take on the Hunger Games. One of them will win, and I'd love to hear your opinions on who you think should. Conspiracy, love, and revenge are going to be playing big parts in this story also. It's not just a bloodbath. Like I said, I consider your opinions, so please review!