Marcellus was talking about you'll be torn if you should fight for yourself or your friends. I needed to stand firm. I realize Jolan didn't have his feet planted, he was always shifting his feet. Marcellus could tell I was doing the exact same thing and he needed to tell me. I start to run up the tower thanking my friends silently for getting me this far. I promice they didn't die in vain. I get to the top and I see birds, small vulture-like creatures circling overhead. "Sinatalla!" I call and he turns around. He glares at me and starts to charge when I call out and say, "Did you know that Sidniay loved you?" He stops his charge and stares at me. "Yes Yes she did! She never got to tell you though! She helped you through everything!" I see the tear marks on his face he already knew that I figure he was crying. "You said you wanted revenge on the Capitol! I know how you feel! The Capitol took away my friends!" I see the tears start to form in his eyes. "They never let you see your family again! Sinatalla I promise that when the day comes for a rebellion I will stand against the Capitol for Jolan, Lynian, Marcellus, Sidniay, Sabarina, and you." He's on the ground weeping and he looks up at me and pulls out a piece of paper and writes something down. He gives it to me and runs straight at me faster and faster until falls of the tower and joins Sidniay forever. I read the note. "I loved Sidniay, she was the only one who believed in me and now I know she loved me that is all the words I need to survive, but I won't. I believe you in what you said, about the rebellion. I always knew the Capitol was evil when my tongue was cut out when I was 8. Sidniay stuck by me and loved me everyday. So now I'll be with her forever wherever we may go now. Thank you." I feel a rush of tears I don't try to stop them. I cry for everything that's happened. I cry for my friends and Sidniay and Sinatalla. I cry for every tribute who's ever died in these wretched Games or will die in them. I cry mostly for the only one I will ever love... Sabarina. I cry for my oath that I will stand in the uprising against the capitol even if I be an 80 year old man. I will never let them destroy the human spirit through these Games. No never. After the Games I am carted away to a room where they "Fix" me. After a week or so I go to the Caesar Flickerman show. We watch my Games and the announcers say I was crying because I had won and they made my actual scene with Sinatala a fight to the death and that I shoved him off the side of the tower. I wanted to punch someone right then and now. I didn't care about the tour that much, what I cared about was getting home. When I did get home I was surprised by a horrible reality... The Capitol killed my family. My dad, my brothers... So AAlilian quit her job as a stylist for the Games and now I live with her and Finnick. I met Mags, my new neighbor and I could tell she liked me. The next year Seneca Crane came to my house looking for AAlillian. He was fuming red and steam was coming out his ears. "Where is she?! AAlillian! WHERE IS SHE YOU FOOL!" Seneca barges into my house with, with. "Why are you holding a shock 42?! Those things kill! AAlilllian! AAlillian! RUN!" "So she is here! AAlillian! It's your brother!" AAlillian comes down the stairs. AAlillian holds her brother's gaze for a second and then asks me, "Aspen, would you be so kind to sit Mr. Crane at the table? Maybe a small appetizer?" I go over to the kitchen and get an appetizer ready, but I catch snippets of the conversation. "Why did you leave the capitol?! Everyone is outraged with you AAlillian!" That was Seneca... "I saw how evil those games are! They kill innocent children! Not kids even old enough to know what to do! It's despicable!" "Your shop...What is it now? AAlillian Abbigliamento? What language was that? One of the ancient languages you studied! Do you seriously believe there are more nations out there?" "Yes I believe so! I have read study books on Geography and there were once North America, South America, Asia, Africa, Australia, Europe, and Antarctica! I believe they are more out there!" "So... This book?" Seneca asks. I can't see the book, but I can tell it's the one. "Give me that you...!" Seneca tucks the book in his coat and heads out the door. "WAIT SENECA! YOUR APPETIZER!" I call after him and I hand him a small tupperware dish. "Thank you Aspen..." Seneca rushes away. "What did you put in that dish?" AAlillian comes up from behind me. "Hairy Beef Legs and Fish guts, but made to look like a 5 star dish." AAlillian chuckles, "Well we're going to watch the news tonight!" She was right. On the news, a reporter announces that Seneca Crane was rushed to the hospital. The next year I don't mentor. Or the next or the next, but my chance does come. One of years Mags is sick so I come in to mentor. They complain about getting taught by a kid who's 3 feet shorter and 4 years younger, but I prove them wrong. I pin most of them to the wall with my spears. My childhood, was stolen, my family stolen, my love, stolen. And I will never forgive them...Ever. The Story of Aspen Jarvasan has come to a close, but I want to ask you. Where are you standing?