that I don't want to be anywhere near anyone who was at my house tonight. I need peace, I need somewhere to clear my head where no one will bother me. And then it hits me. I need the Meadow. The Meadow in front of the fence surrounding the district has been my place ever since fifth grade, when I found out that my mother was sick, and she was not going to get better. I remember that day like it was yesterday. I ran out of my house crying hysterically, running as fast and as far as I could until I reached the fence. I was in the Meadow, a grassy field that seemed to be seperate from District 12. The wind rustled the dry grass, the sun shone brighter than it did in town, and best of all, I could see the woods through the chain-link fence. It looked so full of life. What a sharp contrast to the other side of the fence. But the Meadow had some other quality that calmed my soul. I couldn't describe it, but it made me feel like I could escape this place that was Panem, even if it was for a few hours. From then on, whenever I needed comfort and peace, the Meadow is where I went. Tonight the Meadow is dark and quiet, save the noises of animals beyond the fence. The stars and moon are brilliant with light, and it reflects over the grassy field. I pick a spot to sit, facing the fence but still close enough to the district that if I wanted to, I could flee from Peacekeepers into the depths of the Seam. I lay back and watch the stars, letting my problems fade away. All there is is me and the universe. And...someone else? At the sound of footsteps I shoot upward scouring the darkness for the source of the noise. A tall, obviously drunken boy stumbles out of the shadows and into the grass, as I watch. Then I realize who this boy is- Gale Hawthorne. Gale is Katniss Everdeen's best friend and hunting partner. I have met him through Katniss and also because he sells me strawberries. It astonishes me to see him drunk. I never took him for the drinking kind of person. I always saw him as fiercely devoted to his family, willing to do whatever it took to keep them alive. Never one to put them in jeopardy. If a peacekeeper found him drunk, he would be imprisoned. Gale is about to sit down in the grass when he realizes he is not alone. He looks over at me, narrows his eyes, and says with a slurred voice: "Who're you?" His gray eyes are cloudy with alcohol, his senses not as sharp as they normally are. "Were you at the party at that kid's house? That was a wild night." He starts laughing out loud. "Crazy for us to be having fun when Olive and Bram are gone, dead. No! Not crazy, wrong. Like the Games. The Games are so wrong." I have had my quiet opinion about the immorality of the Capitol and the Hunger Games ever since I became aware of the world. But I have never heard someone voice rebellious thoughts. It doesn't surprise me that Gale feels the way he does- his family has had to face the scary possibility of one of their children being taken from them for years. He continues this string of rebellious thoughts. "It's not like anyone cares about the tributes. They're just a piece of sick entertainment for a few weeks and then they're gone . And all because of the fucking President! Our sorry excuse for a President. More like a dictator." If anyone heard what he was saying besides someone who agreed, he could be killed for saying those things. "I agree with you," I say. "Most people do. But you might want to be careful what you say. You never know who's listening." "I DON'T CARE!" He booms. "Not anymore. Fuck the Capitol!" "Gale. You should care about someone finding out about you saying something like that. You could die." It's only because he's drunk that he's saying this, I know it. But he needs to be more careful. "Why do you care?" He says accusingly. "You in your fancy white dress from the Capitol and your new shiny shoes and your big house and your garden parties ." He is scoffing at me. "You have no idea what the Capitol does, little miss Mayor's daughter." "Wrong," I say. "I have seen way more than you know. You are the one who has no idea what the Capitol does." "It doesn't matter anyway," he retorts. "You've never had to starve or see your little siblings starve. You've never had to go without. Never. You have more than anyone!" "Like I could control that! It's not like I picked what family I was born into, Gale. I can't control how much money my father has." "One day none of this will matter. One day, the Capitol will be a pile of smoking ashes. One day, I will have more money than you !" "Be careful, Gale!" It's only when I say this that I realize how close we are standing. I cam feel the heat radiating off of his body, smell the whiskey on his breath. He is beautiful, even intoxicated. Especially intoxicated. I shake off this moment of temporary attraction and say in a low voice: "Like I said before, you could be killed for that. Your family needs you." I see his eyes ignite in a silver fire, watch him stand up straight. He is ready to yell at me. "Save it, Gale. It won't change anything." And then I leave him. A/N: Please review and tell me what you think. I write to please you! Disclaimer: I own nothing. Gadge is perfection. I want Liam Hemsworth to touch my body. The end.