realize that he's serious. "We need someone to manage the men's varsity team." Gale laughs. "Yeah, Catnip," he teases. "You should do it." "Oh jeez," I say. I don't really know what to say to that. I can't just say, No, that sounds terrible. Don't tell Gale, but I don't really like basketball . "You could spend more time with your friend ," he was, winking again. Great. Now I'm embarrassed. I'm probably beet red. The coach lets out a deep laugh. "I can see I've put the young lady on the spot. Just think about, Katniss, okay? We really do need a manager." He runs off, and Gale just laughs at me. "Don't worry about Coach," Gale says. "He's a cool guy. He means well." "But do you really want me to manage your team?" I say sarcastically. "I hardly know how to play." "You wouldn't need to know how to play," Gale says. "Besides, it wouldn't be that bad to see you more often. It is my senior year." I wonder just how emotional this conversation is about to get, but someone down the hallway catches Gale's attention. He leaves me in the middle of the hallway, and I'm afraid I'm going to have yet another mini breakdown in which I think about what it'll be like when Gale's in college. "Katniss!" I turn around and find the only person other than Gale that I really consider a friend. "Hi, Madge," I say. She's just come out of the photo room, and she practically looks like a model. She's tan from whatever tropical location she and her rich family went to on vacation, and her blond curls are perfect as usual. But I can't hate her. She's just a quiet as I am, and she's not stupid like all the other girls. She has a secret love of rock music and dark poetry and likes food too much to be a rail-thin model. We compare schedules, and I find that I have English and show choir with her this year. She's in all advanced classes, so normally, we are never together, but this year I foolishly signed up for honors English. At least, now I know someone I can cheat off of if it comes to that. Peeta walks towards us and waves enthusiastically at me. I'm not sure why he's so happy to see me. We haven't exactly talked since like fifth grade, excluding his calculator help yesterday. Thankfully, Gale snags me before I feel obligated to talk to Peeta. I suddenly find myself surrounded by most of Gale's basketball friends and then this one annoying but undeniably attractive swimmer with reddish hair. By the time we leave, I have been thoroughly teased and three people have insinuated that Gale and I are dating. You know, the usual. My mom works late again, and I don't feel like actually making something for dinner, so Prim and I raid the fridge for something edible to eat. Prim, ever the sensible one, settles on a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, but I go straight for the gallon-sized rocky road ice cream tub that I find in the freezer. I'd say starting another year of high school is reason enough to binge eat sugary foods to compensate for my depression (and, with that mindset, I'll weigh significantly more than I do now by the end of sophomore year). Anyway, Prim goes to bed pretty early since she wants to be well-rested for her first day of sixth grade, which leaves me alone to wallow in my gluttony. I end up finishing off the ice cream tub while watching reruns of last season of the Bachelorette and thinking intermittently about how much I hate high school and how much I'm going to miss Gale when he graduates. I get slightly more depressed as the hours increase, and by the time midnight rolls around, I'm not happy at all for my alarm to go off tomorrow morning. I crawl into bed at 12:30 am and pull the covers up to my shoulders. That's when I hear the plate shatter upstairs. And then the yelling. And the flipping of furniture. This happens often enough that I know I won't be getting much sleep for at least an hour, so I unplug my phone from its charger and pull up the first text conversation on my list. Gale, are you still up? I type quickly. It only takes him a couple seconds to respond. Yeah. Is your mom home? That question seems to come up at least once in every single conversation that Gale and I have. Sometimes I think he's overly worried for our safety, but I can't say I don't appreciate it. I consider lying, but I just send Nope. She's out so late nowadays that I think she might be sleeping around with another guy. Or she's taken to drinking in bars instead of the comforts of her own home. I'm not sure why I turned our conversation in such a darkly hilarious direction, and I don't think Gale really knows how to respond because he doesn't send anything back for a long time. Finally, I decide to just put him out of his misery. Are you picking me up tomorrow? Of course. I'll be there around 7:30, okay? Awesome. I'll be waiting outside my apartment building with pepper spray and a backpack. I can almost see Gale grinning through the phone. Are you ready for sophomore year? Sure. I can't make any promises on good grades or conduct or anything… But yeah, I guess I'm ready. There's a pause. My little Catnip's growing up. I'm so proud. For some reason, even though I know Gale's joking around, that response reminds me of my father, and I fall asleep with memories of him hanging onto my dreams. And, unfortunately, I don't plug my phone back in before I drift off. So sophomore year's going to be off to a rough start.