inclination to deny the woman and had acquiesced. Two birds, one nest, oh look a big stone. Though nothing seemed to be going as the president planned. His arena lie in ruins and if district 13 was worth a damn the girl on fire was far out of reach. The again it seemed if anything the rebels in their steel bunker near the wilds were good at it was screwing up. Or trying to cram such intricate planning into only six months time. It was insanity. Granted their hand had been forced, but their entire plan rested on keeping a select few victors alive in the arena, until 13 could extricate them. One small screw up and the whole damn plan was shot to hell. I'll admit I'm no great shakes at strategy but their had to be a better way. One that didn't leave so many exposed. The order had only become aware of 13's plot two days before the games were about to commence, and we were left scrambling to cover the angles forgotten,ignored, or left for dead. Some allies Haymitch had there. Prim was currently tending too one such lose end. Beaten within an inch of his life Cinna's mocha skin was more black and blue than anything else. Two of the orders spies within the peacekeepers had barely arrived in time. Smuggling him to the Nairn-my cousins- home had been risky. Under the cover of darkness he was smuggled through the tunnels to our home. From there he was taken into a much more elaborate-larger- bunker, that housed training quarters, a library similar to ours back in twelve, and a small med-bay. Aunt Inala, my cousin Alexia, and Dr. Harn-a member of the council- spent the better part of a day tending to the man my friend loved so dearly. Four days later and he had still not regained consciousness. Effie's tears had abated, whether he had calmed or she had fallen asleep I wasn't sure, but I was leaning heavily toward the latter. Hushed voice drew my attention to the front of the craft-hunched over, a monitor muttering to Thorburn (who stood beside her) - her round freckled face pulled into a mask of cold impassiveness- was my cousin Alexia (well third cousin actually). Flaming red hair pulled into a messy bun, an automatic rifle rested in a white knuckled grip; gleaming silver ring daggers peaked out from the pockets of her bulletproof vest and a belt slung low across her hips- she no longer resembled the innocent woman that had grown up among the capital drones for over a decade. Ferreting out secrets and plotting behind the guise of her baby-faced innocence and congenial smiles. No one had ever suspected the Nairn family from District 3 as rebels. Not with the advancements 'Aunt' Inala made in technological medicine or 'Uncle' Gunner in security. Aunt Inala's call from the cockpit drew Alexia up to her full –diminutive- height and striding to the nose of the hovercraft, the automatic door sliding shut behind her. I bit my lip, both curious and terrified as to what was taking part behind the steel door. Eight months ago I would have wanted desperately to be in the cockpit, as I sat home in twelve starved for knowledge. Then everything changed. Two days after Katniss and Peeta's historic win District 12 had was still in fits of jubilation. Dancing and laughing, children playing tag through town. Crowds of dust coated men and women, fresh from the mines, crowded into the town square watching Caesar Flickerman recap the journey of District 12's tributes from reaping to love. For once, it seemed, the odds had gone in favor if the lowly coal mining district. Seam and townie congregated out side shops talking through the highs and extreme lows that had fallen upon their young star-crossed lovers. Mr. Mellark in a fit of ecstasy had thrown open the back door to the bakery and was bestowing gifts of bread-still hot from the oven- to any that passed by. His wife, upon looking out the window and finding a crowd of bronze skin and dark hair outside her back door receiving good for which they had no money to pay for had flown into a rage. Even the guaranteed safe return of her youngest son had done nothing to improve her sour disposition. Arriving at the door with another fresh rack of bread, Barley -Peeta's eldest brother- poked his head out the door and screamed for his mother to jump up a cows ass. The crowd had roared with laughter and Mrs. Mellark had retreated from the window livid, red faced and mortified. I watched from my porch grinning, my book seated on the swing beside me –forgotten- as I watched the slew of happy faces. A rare sight indeed for our district. Even surly Gale, who loathed the very sight of me, had waved happily at me as he passed by, his cheering baby sister perched atop his shoulders. My stomach fluttered and a blush rose to my cheeks- I had an embarrassing crush on a Gale Hawthorne for nearly a year,like every girl in 12- as I waved back. So enthralled I didn't notice an magenta haired reporter approaching me until he stepped onto my porch. Clasped in the hand -not clutching his notebook -was a bouquet of beautiful flowers. A dozen snowy white roses surrounding one dainty red button, that had once upon a time been called a poppy. It was now official, no longer a dream. Mother and I were being summoned. War was coming. It was now as inevitable as changing of seasons. The flames of rebellion had been fanned, and would soon surge throughout the districts. Wild and untamable. A single red blossom told me it was time. Time to take my place among myth and legend. My name is Madge Undersee and I am the kindling that will ignite the girl on fire into a raging inferno.