still chattering away back in the salon, but then she continues, "I hate them so much. I wish I could scratch the blasted things right off my face and then no one could laugh at me for them again." It's the freckles that bother her then. The same freckles Glenn has often pictured on nights when he was having trouble falling asleep. He had always found them refreshing and endearing, but apparently Rosalind doesn't feel the same. She's furious. So furious that Glenn has to wonder how it all fits inside of such a tiny woman. She's shaking again, her anger turning into tears. Glenn is surprised to find himself so upset over her tears and he clamors to think of something that might comfort her. Before he can give himself time to over think it and second-guess his decision, Glenn's hands slide from their place on her arms, the tips of his fingers just grazing the soft skin of her neck and then her jaw, settling to cup her face gently between them. He lowers his face to hers and brushes his lips over her right cheekbone. In this light, her skin is just a dark shadow and her freckles are invisible, but he has pictured her face enough to know just where her dusting of freckles are. "I love them." He whispers into the darkness, glad for once that he cannot see her face or her reaction. "W- what?" She questions, her voice shaking and unsure as her stomach flips around nervously inside of her. He moves to brush his lips on the opposite cheekbone, "I love your freckles." He doesn't wait for a response before kissing the bridge of her nose and then lowering his lips to meet hers. Heat bursts through his veins and he's suddenly dizzy, drowning in the scent and the taste and the feel of her. Her hands wrap themselves around his waist and her tears mingle with their kisses as her heart speeds up to the point where she fears it might stop at any moment. When Glenn finally pulls his lips from hers, they are both breathless, still holding onto one another, each silently believing they might just float away if the other isn't there to ground them. "I'll be staying in Chicago this summer with my brother at the house he rents." Rosalind says softly, her breath caressing his cheek as they are still so intertwined with one another, "My father would rather I stay up here than in St. Louis. He's worried it might not be safe with all the unrest among the workers there." Glenn's heart feels as though it's bounding right out of his chest when he comprehends what she is telling him. He nearly wants to cry out in joy, something he can hardly ever remember feeling in his life. "May I court you?" He breathes in question. She laughs that light, tinkling laugh that sets his stomach tingling again, "You're going to skip the calling on me and move straight to the courtship?" "Perhaps I should ask your brother first then?" Glenn chuckles and she joins in. "Perhaps." She agrees, "But I will make sure he agrees to your request." "Miss Andrews, you are quite the surprise." Glenn murmurs, letting a hand brush against her hair as he pictures the bright red strands in his mind. "Please, call me Rose," She whispers, "or Rosalind if you must, but all my dearest friends call me Rose." "And you would consider me one of your dearest friends, Rose?" Glenn questions, his words hopeful as she leans into his touch against her cheek. "I should hope you would be, Glenn. And I should hope I might become one of your dearest friends in return." "That shouldn't be difficult. I'm not known for making friends," Glenn says softly, brushing his lips lightly against hers once more because he can't stand the though of not having one last kiss. She sighs happily when he pulls away. "I should think that you are already stealing away whatever bit of heart a callous intellectual such as myself might have, Rose." He admits tentatively. "Well, it's about time, Glenn. I believe you stole mine the first evening I spent with you at the salon before Christmas." She says and Glenn can hear the smile in her voice, "I've been praying you might reciprocate my feelings ever since." Glenn kisses her one last time chastely on her lips, "Have your tears all dried?" She laughs, "To think I was so upset just a few moments ago. You know how to comfort a girl, Mr. Mellark, there is no denying that." Glenn's hand finds hers and squeezes, "Not every girl; only a very special one. Now, let us return to the salon and show Miss Sadie Fields that you are not one to be easily toyed with for her amusement." "You won't leave me with alone her?" She questions hesitantly. "Not for a moment," Glenn assures the small woman beside him as they slowly make their way back to the door. "Though she be but little, she is fierce." He says as they walk. "Shakespeare." Rose identifies easily, causing a rush of pride to swell through Glenn. How has he managed to catch such a woman's eye? "Is that meant to embolden me?" She asks with a wry glance his way. "Only if it's working." Glenn jokes, offering his arm to her now that they are nearing the party and she takes it lightly. "It is; very much so." She rewards him with a blinding smile that starts his stomach tingling again, her deep brown eyes holding his pale ones as they reenter the party to face the formidable Sadie Marshall and, Glenn thinks, perhaps one day the rest of the world as well. AN: There you go- just a little nostalgic, fluffy, Glenn Mellark piece. Feel free to let me know what you thought. The next chapter of ADAD should be up sometime soon!