her and moves his arm from her shoulders to her hair. He finds himself running his fingers through her hair, stroking it until she calms down. Eventually- Gale's not sure how long it takes- Leeg 1's tears stop. Her breathing becomes calm and steady once again. She doesn't move from his shoulder, though. They stay in that position, "watching" Peeta's sleeping form. Absentmindedly, Gale says, "It'll be okay," again. But this time she nods. Barely, but she still does it. "She'll never truly leave you," Gale says quietly. "Her body might leave you, and you might never be able to see her face again, but she'll always be with you in spirit. She'll live on through you." Leeg 1's voice is so dry and cracked that it makes Gale wince. "I know," she says quietly. Gently, she lifts her head to the top of his shoulder and looks up at him, her eyes dry but sparkling. "Thank you," she whispers. "Any time," Gale replies in an equally quiet voice. They just look at each other for a few seconds, her green eyes holding his gray ones, and then their faces start to get closer. Gale closes the distant between them and kisses her lips if only for a second. Without hesitation, Leeg 1 kisses him again. Somehow, Gale's not sure if they would have stopped if it hadn't been for Peeta. "There's another layer to my confusion," Peeta announces loudly. Leeg 1 rolls straight off Gale and her stool and lands on the ground with a thump. Gale forces himself into a more natural position and addresses Peeta as though nothing was happening. "What was that?" "Katniss is going to be really confused when she sees that," Peeta says, looking at Gale and Leeg 1 with complete honesty and no embarrassment. "Here she was thinking you were in love with her. Even I thought that. God, I'm so confused ." Peeta presses his hands into his eyes and rolls over so that he's face-down. "You people are so hard to understand." Gale can't help but smile a little. "Sorry." "You're not even trying to make it easier," Peeta moans. "Sorry," Gale repeats, helping Leeg 1 back onto her stool. "I won't ever understand the human race ever again," Peeta moans dramatically. " Sorry ." "I'm just so confused." "You know what, Peeta? You should just go back to sleep." Peeta dissolves into incoherent groaning. Gale slides down the smooth wall into a sitting position, fatigue taking over. Leeg 1 sits down in a heap next to him, looking as tired as he feels. Gale takes her hand for a quick second and gives it a squeeze. Katniss turns around, and Gale and Leeg 1 quickly separate their hands. The last thing they need is a confused leader. She suggests they all rest, and no one protests. Pollux takes first watch, and everyone else starts to move around to find a place to sleep Gale moves casually closer to Leeg 1, appearing to be making more room for Jackson who's on his other side, but Katniss, ever the oblivious one, wedges herself in the tiny space between Gale and Leeg 1 and falls asleep instantly with her head on Gale's chest. Gale sighs, but he's sure Katniss can't hear him since she's practically unconscious. Leeg 1 scoots a bit farther away from Katniss, a small, sad smile on her face. Gale shifts slightly, careful not to wake Katniss, and holds out his hand to Leeg 1 again. His thumb brushes her cheek, pushing hair behind her ear, and then she captures it between her own hands. She brings his knuckles to her lips before sinking down the wall to curl up in a ball. Gale leans his head back against the wall and looks across the room at Peeta. He expects him to have his eyes shut, but instead he appears to be watching the scene play out with interest. As soon as Gale's eyes lock in his, Peeta draws a circle around the Leeg 1, Katniss, and Gale with his finger and mouths, "So confused." Gale considers the scene. Leeg 1 is curled up with his hand in hers, so, therefore, his arm is stretched out over Katniss's shoulders. Katniss is practically dead on his chest, wedged in five-inch space between Gale and Leeg 1. Gale's moves to look back up at Peeta and make some retort when his movement causes Katniss's limp body to slide very slowly down his front and collapse in his lap, still asleep. Gale sighs audibly and looks back at Peeta. "Me too." Peeta rolls his eyes. As soon as they've escaped to relative safety, Katniss does a quick, frantic head check. She comes up two short. Gale instantly searches the squad for the only face he cares to see (well, besides Katniss). She's not there. The answer comes quickly. "Jackson and Leeg stayed back at the Meat Grinder. To hold off the mutts." That's a kind way of saying they're dead. Several emotions run through Gale in that moment. He feels, first, that his knees are going to buckle from instant depression, but that's quickly replaced by something that can only be described as infinite rage. Before he knows what he's doing, the bridge is ripped from its foundation and he's down an explosive-tipped arrow. The squad runs on, completely disregarding the emotions behind his rash movement. They don't understand. They don't understand that Gale just lost something- something possibly more precious to him than his own life. He loses control of his movements. He starts to move on autopilot, not entirely sure what's going on. That's probably why one of the mutts gets a nice slash across his neck before he can kill it. Gale prays for death, but of course Fate isn't that kind. Instead, he's forced to move on. Without several arrows. Without a chunk of the flesh of his neck. Without her . A/N: So, what did you think? ;)