but he falls for it just this once, and I'm able to get in a few good punches before he swings a kick into the back of my legs and knocks me down. The breath is pushed out of me, and I lie there panting until Cato offers me a hand up. "Not bad. But you'll have to do better than that." Flash forward a few years to the reaping. Cato has already told me a few days ago that he wants to volunteer, but it's still shocking to see him standing up and saying he'll replace the grateful and bewildered fourteen-year-old boy on stage. In my shock, all I can think is that I know that boy. I even know his name is John, and that he has a kid brother at home and wouldn't make it two days in the arena. Cato has this idiotic grin on his face. Preeda, the woman who draws the names in the District Two reaping every year, moves onto the girls' names. She twitters about something frivolous and unimportant. It's difficult to pay attention with Cato up there. Besides, I know the chances are slim of me being chosen. I've never applied for tesserae and this is only my third year being entered. That means my name is only in there three times. Someone has to have rigged the reaping because my name, the name of a legacy from two victors, is chosen out of a clear glass ball with a couple thousand names, some of which have to be repeated. It's only now that the smug smile on Cato's face vanishes, replaced by a horrified expression. Now the memory changes again, and I'm dressed in a golden dress that's made out of armor. It's formfitting, and I've noticed that the top has cold plastic implants, making my breasts looks bigger than they actually are. I'm not pretty normally, but somehow my stylists have managed to make me look gorgeous. They haven't tried to play up my girlish features at all; on the contrary, they've done everything to make me look older than I really am. The dark eye shadow on my lids makes my eyes look huge and haunting, and my eyelashes look long and feminine with some mascara. I'm wearing a dark red lipstick and some pale pink brush, as well. One of the stylists has twisted my hair up into a high ponytail and stuck twin knives into it as a sinister reminder of my skills with weapons. Cato's wearing the same glittering golden armor, but his is sleeveless to show off the rippling muscles in his arms. He flashes a grin at me, and the girl from District One standing in the chariot next to us practically faints. She's beautiful, and I will later learn that her name is Glimmer. I will learn that she and Cato will fool around and flirt a little in the Games, but I will also learn that Cato will choose me . He chooses me. The Hunger Games are my death, but I know some experiences in them are too incredible to go back and undo if I could. Because of them, I was able to ride through the Capitol's crowds side-by-side with Cato, having kisses blown at us and our names chanted over and over again. I was able to put the skills that I have been learning since before I could practically walk to the test. I have learned in first-hand experiences what love and courage are. Even as I lie dying in the sunlight with the Cornucopia glittering beside me, I know that some things are worth dying for. I'm ready now. Cato had given me the bravery to fight for life, but also the bravery to die. My family will cry back home, but they will heal. Time heals all wounds. And Cato… hopefully, Cato will win the Games and return home as a victor. Maybe someday he'll meet a girl who's good enough for him, and they'll get married and have kids. And maybe he'll name one Clove, after his old childhood friend, fellow tribute, and in the end, lover. I can let go now. I don't have enough energy to even keep my eyes open anymore. My head lolls back, uselessly, and my arms hang limp by my sides. All I can do is wait now. I've given it my all, and now it's time for me to finally give up. Cato's cries almost make me want to return to the fight, to come back. He's sobbing so hard he's shaking me, and then I hear him begin to shout and scream. "Help me! Please, somebody help! Send some medicine, anything…" His hands caress my face and hair. "This is all my fault, Clove. It should have been me, not you. I can't do this without you. I can't do this without you." His body trembles violently as another fit of sorrow and rage passes through him. "Help me…" "Cato." I feel my lips mouth the words, but no sound comes out. I want to tell him not to bother, that there's no saving me now. I want to tell him I love him one last time. "Please! I need some medicine! Don't let her die. I'll do anything, just don't let her die. Please, please…" I open my eyes. I need to see him one last time. I need to stare into his eyes as I go. Cato's beautiful eyes sparkle in the sunlight, and I remember his promise to win for me. The light is fading, and the sky seems to darken until it looks like night. His face blurs, separating into two different images. "It's so dark out," I tell him. I can barely hear my own voice now. Everything seems muffled and distorted. This is the end. But I have to say goodbye first. "I love you, Cato." "I love you, Clove." Then the darkness surrounds us, and sleep pulls me under.