District 13. I knew immediately what had happened. The Capitol had got there before we could and you were now out of my reach. All I could think of was what they were doing to you. All I could think about was how I couldn't help you, and how abandoned you must have felt and the tortures that Snow was putting you through. I would have swapped places with you in a heartbeat, so long as you were safe. It broke me. I couldn't handle the thought of you being tortured by that monster and it broke me. I knew that once again you were hurting because of me. I will never be able to make it up to you, what happened to you when you were there is unforgivable and once again it's my fault. Every hour felt like a lifetime as I waited. I'm not certain what I was waiting for, but I waited. I waited for you, I waited for the end, I waited for a solution. I waited for something, anything that would stop his pain and this guilt. And it drove me insane. So when they told me that they were finally going to rescue you, I finally felt like my heart was beating again and I could start to think clearly. I was going to have you in my arms again and I was going to be able to kiss you until both our lips were sore and we were drowning in our own happiness and our own tears. I remember seeing you again, and once more you saved me. Having back in my arms where you belong saved me. Because I loved (still love) you more than anything and you were by my side and you still loved me. Incredibly, after everything that I put you through you still loved me. But somehow, it wasn't enough. It wasn't enough for us to be together in the physical sense. I wanted more. I told you that I'm selfish, and I was never more selfish than when I asked you to marry me, because I wanted you to be mine in every way possible. I wanted us to be tied so tightly that there was no way for us to be separated again. And when you said yes, I knew you wanted that too. I felt like every single second of my life had been leading up to that moment, that one syllable that suddenly made everything ok. I loved you so much that I wanted to hold you and kiss you and never let go. I wished that we could have stayed in that perfect minute of my life forever. I wanted to forget about the rebellion, I wanted to forget about the Capitol, I wanted to forget about Snow, I wanted to forget about everything except you. Always except you. I remember seeing you for the first time on our wedding day, and I remember feeling like my heart would burst. I remember them taking way too long to announce us as husband and wife and I remember how there were no words to describe how much you meant to me and how much I loved you. I could see the way that you looked at me and suddenly I could see our life together as if we had already lived it. How ironic is that? If you are reading this, then that means we have no future together, and it kills me more than you can ever know. I wanted to spend every second I had with you, but now that's never going to happen and it hurts me so much. When we kissed, it was suddenly as if the whole world melted away. The only thing in my head was the feeling of your lips on mine and I swear the whole crowd could hear my heart thumping in my chest. You were so beautiful, you were so perfect and you were mine. You were mine and not even the whole of Panem could take that away from me. And in the few short weeks that you were my wife, it felt almost too good to be true. And it was. We still couldn't escape Snow's tyranny and I still have to fulfill the promise I made to myself so many years ago to make sure Snow is wiped from the face of the earth! So now I have to leave you, and you can never know how sorry I am for that. I'm sorry that I couldn't keep that one promise you asked of me. I'm sorry that I have to leave you alone. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I have no right to ask, but I want you to do something for me. Please. I want you to be happy. I want you to live your life like you always wanted to. I want you to bring as much joy to other people's lives as you did to mine. That way, I will leave you knowing that you will still be a much needed light in this dark world. Please do this for me. I love you. Your Husband, Finnick Odair Annie reads this last letter with tears streaming unrelentlessly down her face, her despair threatening to choke her. The saltwater drips down onto the paper, smudging some of the ink. But she can't bring herself to care that she may be damaging her last real piece of her Finnick. All Annie can think about is his last request of her. "I will try, Finn. I will try, I promise." She sobs as she gives in to the crushing black hole he left in her heart and in her mind. The next time she speaks hours later, her words come out as barely a whisper. "And you didn't leave me alone." She places one shaking hand on her stomach and looks towards the Finnick created from her mad and broken mind, who is standing beside her. "Not really."