He lets a hand trail over her belly before letting it come to rest between her thighs. He surprised by the amount of heat and moisture there. Clearly it's not just him who wants this and the thought sends a thrill down his spine. He moves his thumb to brush circles around the small pearl of nerves. At first Katniss isn't sure what he's really doing until he finds just the right spot. Stars flash in Katniss's vision and she arches against Peeta's hand with a whimper. She's never felt this before but she doesn't have time to think about it before Peeta dips a finger into her wetness. Peeta leans down and catches her moan with his lips, darting his tongue into her mouth. Katniss's hands slide over his back, tangling themselves in the curls of his blonde hair as she presses her tongue back against his. She has never felt more right than she does with this man, Peeta, her Peeta. The muscles in her body seem to be coiling up, like a cobra she once saw preparing to strike, but she doesn't understand for what. Peeta's fingers continue to move in her, pressing against a spot that makes her thoughts blur as his thumb brushes over the raw nerves. Her muscles keep coiling until she cries out, unable to bear it anymore. "Peeta!" She cries softly into the night and suddenly she's shattering into a million pieces like a clay bowl thrown against the wall but Peeta is there, whispering sweetly to her, his lips brushing along her jaw, leaving her skin tingling in their wake. "My beautiful Katniss." He murmurs against her hear once she comes down from her cloud and her mind can register thoughts again. He moves his body to sit beside hers and tugs her gently by the hips guiding her to straddle his waist. His cock brushes against her backside and a strangled groan makes its way from the back of his throat. "Lift up so I can help you." Peeta orders softly. She looks at him curiously but lets him guide her to her knees, trusting that he knows more about all of this than she does, "Put your hands on my shoulders." He guides himself to her entrance, letting out a tense breath as he does. "What now?" She whispers, her voice trembling. She doesn't know if it's from fear or excitement, hoping he might make her feel that good again. He uses one hand to push down on her hip while the other holds his cock steady at her entrance, "Just lower yourself. Take your time." Peeta lets out a low growl as she takes him in, little by little, until she hits a wall. He pulls her close to his chest before pushing his hips into hers and she feels a tight, uncomfortable pull. She presses her face into his neck and a whimper falls from her lips as he plants gentle kisses to her shoulder but after a few moments she begins to lower herself again until her hips rest against his. "Are you okay?" He asks softly. She nods, unable to explain what exactly she feels. It's not exactly comfortable. She feels as though she's being stretched to the point of breaking but there is also a subtle pulse of pleasure anytime she moves just the slightest bit. She feels whole even though she didn't realize anything was ever missing. She feels safe. She feels protected by the man holding her tightly to his chest where it feels like the hot noonday sun is pressed between them. Hesitantly, she lifts her hips before lowering them onto him again more quickly than the first time. Peeta moans deeply and his head falls back as his eyes flutter shut. She smiles at the sense of power she feels when he does this and repeats her actions until she finds a rhythm that starts her muscles coiling again. She lowers her lips to his throat, pressing kisses against the soft, pale skin. Peeta's fingers dig into her hips and help her maintain her motions until suddenly his motions become less coordinated and his hips jerk into hers. The change in angle brushes against her in such a way that it sends her shattering again and this time he shatters with her. She seems to regain her composure first and she presses kisses along his jaw, his neck, his chest, anywhere she can reach. She wants to explore every bit of this man before her- this man, her husband. The idea brings a smile to her face because she's certain now that she was lucky he heard her singing. She has only known him a day and already it feels like a lifetime. War can do that she supposes. "What are you thinking?" Peeta questions, moving to lay them both back against the palette but he doesn't release the tight grip his arms have around her. He can't bear the thought of letting her drift away from him now. "Will you truly protect us? Will you stay with me?" She asks, her grey eyes, wide and hopeful in the soft moonlight. Peeta's heart feels as though it might burst. It's been a long time since someone has relied on him in this way, since he had family. He realizes that this is what he has been searching for as he traversed empires. It's all right here, in this tiny room, in this woman's arms. "Always." He replies softly, not trusting his voice with any more words. That one is enough. Katniss smiles, the first real genuine one she has ever given him and he thinks the world might begin and end in her smile. She feels as though it's impossible to find any more happiness than there is in this moment. The way Peeta looks at her, his eyes soft and awed, she thinks she could learn to love this man very much. Maybe a part of her already does.