an old lady, then she's annoyed with him, but she'll take what she can get. If he's coming up with a story to cover the fact that he's consulting with his mentor, then he's a brilliant actor, and she may never need to worry about him again. The bed bounces when Finnick lands on it. "Well?" Mags stops grinding the sleep out of her eyes and looks at him. To the casual observer, he looks like he's had a long night, with bloodshot eyes and makeup a bit smudged. To her, he looks ragged and on edge, running on adrenaline and waiting for the crash. "I'm not the judge, Finnick," Mags tells him. "I wasn't there, and I couldn't watch the people who matter. But from what I saw, I'm cautiously optimistic. Besides, I trust you on your own with just a few hints beforehand. You're good at what you do." Finnick's shoulders visibly go down a notch. "I only had one drink, plus the one Rudder bought me earlier," he tells her, eager for more praise and reassurance. "I got the server to slip me something a little less alcoholic after that. Claiming my age, of course." Mags shakes her head in admiration. "How do you always get people to do things for you?" "What do you mean?" Finnick throws a pillow in her direction. "Are you kidding me? Everyone does everything you say." "No, three victors and sometimes Rudder do everything I say. Not strangers. You just think so because they're the four people you spend the most time with. Though I'm starting to realize I don't know Rudder at all." "Yeah, you said-" "And I will tell you," Mags promises, "but not tonight. It's too long and I'm too tired to relive your time in the arena." "I hear you made some pretty spot-on predictions, so maybe I should ask someone who was watching both of you. I'll ask Donn." Finnick jerks in surprise. "Where is Donn?" "He went home after Livia died. He wasn't sitting with us. I had him supporting her so I could give you my full attention." In theory, the mentors are supposed to remain until a victor is crowned, but it's another benefit of the flexibility that goes to One, Two, and Four. With two mentors from Four here today, one male and one female, no one's going to complain if there aren't three, or five. Finnick has the grace to look regretful and touched for all of one second, before he repays her full attention with his. "Tired? Was it a long ten days?" Then he takes in the crumpled pillow and bedcovers. "Were you sleeping? I wanted to talk to you." "Well, I'm not going anywhere, so lie down." Mags pats the bed beside her. Finnick stretches out and pulls a pillow down under his head. He's silent a minute. "Did they show immediately after the mutts?" Mags nods, but when he doesn't react, she opens her eyes and looks over to him, to find that his eyes are closed too. "When you were shaking because it was all over and you'd survived?" she says instead. "That. I feel like that now, but I can't seem to fall apart this time. And I'm not sure if it's over?" "It's not. But we'll talk more when we're home." She puts her hand on his head and runs her fingers through his hair. It's stiffer than usual with gel. "Meanwhile, sleep as much as you can. You're going to have a long few days before we leave, and you won't have much time to let down your hair and fall apart." "I want to, but I can't." Then the mattress rocks, and by half lifting her eyelids, Mags can see he's shifted up on one elbow. "Speaking of hair. My prep team was very insistent on a pretty boy presentation. I wanted to go for rugged and manly. Normally I can get them to do what I want, but this time it was like they had orders from higher up. I don't know which higher-up cares about fashion," he says very pointedly, "but I thought I'd ask." "Well, if you're young, thoughtless, and vain," Mags says blandly, in case the room is bugged, "it goes well with those traits. I think it's a good self-presentation for you, and you know I wouldn't meddle in anything except with your best interests in mind." "You're going to have to explain this whole mentor thing to me when we get home," Finnick grumbles in a tone that promises that the confrontation is only delayed, not averted. "So I have to be like Brine? Rudder's much cooler." Mags strokes his hair again. Do I deserve you trusting me this much? Shouldn't you be rebelling more? But he's never known a world except the one in which everyone wants him dead and his life depends on only a handful of protectors who've been through the same thing. She wishes he felt safe enough to rebel. "Is Brine putting on an act?" he mumbles into the bedspread. He's now slumped down again. "No, I don't think he's smart enough. But I do think you are. I think you enjoy outwitting everyone around you," she teases. "I resemble that remark." Finnick pauses, and then jumps in, "And before you say anything, no, I won't underestimate anyone, no matter how air-headed they seem. If I can act, so can someone else." "You act better than I do. I just count on being the very quiet, five-foot short old lady everyone overlooks. It works, except when I'm trying to get you medication." "I'm going to be tall," Finnick announces. "I'm going to be six three." Rudder is six foot three. "And then I'm going to be rugged and manly." "You do that," she tells him gently, amused. As fast as that, he's sound asleep, not disturbed even when she pulls a blanket up to his shoulders. He'll always be her child.