in his eyes, and before anything else can be said, he grabs my hips, pulls me against him, and kisses me passionately on the lips. This unexplainable fire explodes in my stomach and in my heart, and I find myself clutching at his shirt. At first, I'm worried that I'm just so desperately lonely that I'll take any kind of love, but then I realize this whole extent of time I've wanted Gale by my side to grieve with me. And now, with this desire in my veins, I realize that I must feel so much more for him. He pulls back, hands on either side of my waist. "Marry me." He doesn't ask it much like a question, but I feel the need to say, "Yeah." His face breaks into this huge, handsome smile. "Yeah?" "Of course I'll marry you," I say. The words tumble out of my mouth so fast I'm surprised they come out coherent. Before I can stop myself, I jump up on my toes and kiss his lips again. As I stare into Gale's eyes, a lot of things start making more sense. My feelings for Gale feel inexplicably right, and that insatiable hunger for something more that I feel whenever I'm near him gets a descriptor— love . And it's that magical sort of love that seems to fix not only the physical problems but also the emotional ones. I feel such a surge of love and undying gratitude that I throw my arms around his neck and cling to him. "I love you," I say all in a rush. "I love you, too," he whispers, and I can hear that smile in his voice. "Always have." My fingers curl into the back of his shirt, and I feel as though I might explode. I have felt entirely too much pain in the past week than most people experience in their entire lives. I feel as though a part of me— that depressed part— is drained and raw. Maybe healing can begin now. "You know I didn't just ask you to marry me because I don't want you in the home, right?" Gale asks as we emerge from tree cover with our hands tightly intertwined. I nod, a grin on my face. "I've been wanting to ask you for a while now, actually," he says. "I guess I was afraid you'd turn me down." "Never," I reply, and I mean it. / Another trip to the Justice Building proves successful for everyone. The bored, indifferent man sitting on the other side of the counter still doesn't appear to give even the slightest ounce of feeling towards us as he numbly asks for our information. A seventeen year old ward of the government can be married off before their eighteenth birthday, so the worker doesn't even need to really check my age. Hell, if I came in and said I was sixteen, they'd marry me off. Wards of the government cost too much. As the man at the desk glances up from the paperwork once to pass the papers over for our signatures, something flickers in his eyes as they meet mine. Perhaps he recognizes me as that poor girl he banished to the community home with her orphaned sister. I mean, he must know what sending girls there means. All men with wandering eyes know that. Or maybe he just recognizes my face amongst the many he sees during the day. Or maybe he doesn't recognize me at all. I pull my eyes from his and take the pen from Gale. On the line situated next to Gale's signature, I write Katniss Everdeen for possibly the last time ever. And then, in one fell swoop, Hazelle, who is now confusingly yet lawfully related to Prim, signs her out of the home and takes her into the Hawthorne house to replace the gap left by Gale. As we walk down the marble steps of the Justice Building, Gale slips his hand into mine, and I wonder just how something so happy could emerge from a valley of darkness. Only days ago, I was lying on the floor in my old home, crying until my body was too weak to sob any longer. Only days ago, rain poured down from heaven in buckets and washed away all traces of my parents from my world. Only days ago, I promised I'd never muster another smile. But today, everything's changed. The puddles in the square glint with playful sunlight, and the sky is a delightful shade of blue that only comes when true miracles happen. Gale's smiling like nothing bad has ever happened, and I daresay the expression on my face matches his. The darkness in my heart is eased away with a warm, glowing light, and the raw, fresh wounds of loss are starting to heal as we speak. I still question why I was just given a burst of ecstatic pleasure in the midst of such grief. I've watched people wither away to nothing after losing the things I have, but I'm walking into the Seam with a husband on my arm. I don't know if I'll ever figure out why I was given a second chance at a vibrant life, but I do have a couple answers. I was freed from the community home because I knew I was strong enough to survive it. You see, you can only fall if you allow yourself to hit the ground. You can always get back up, and you can always stay afloat. I may have just lost someone very important to me, but I gained so much. Besides, it's like Gale said— my mother is finally with her love again in heaven, and I'm on earth with mine. My mother wouldn't have wanted me to plummet into a pit of despair. She would have wanted me to keep fighting, to dance with life, and to get right back up. Because if you refuse to fall, you'll soar.