around the central cabinets, after turning down the guns; Mr Fox produced something a little more to his liking. "Since bullets are out of the question with you how about this?" He produced a rather large pistol shaped device from another drawer. "It's non lethal I assure you, one of a kind actually, built in district three before being sold off to me. The guy I got it from called it an 'ascension gun'. It fires a small grappling hook from its point using compressed air it can suck in from around it, latch onto any surface and pull it's user up. Got rope length of sixty metres because the ropes very thin but extremely durable; I just took to calling it the grapnel gun." Brus liked it a lot, it'd be perfect for quick travel and his old hook didn't reach as far and wasn't as reliable as it. "This then please." Fox nodded and added. "One more thing..." He produced a small helmet from behind him. "This is what the boffins call a 'free-form, virtual reality, assistance helmet'. Or as it's called nowadays 'the do everything helmet or HUD'. The little receiver here's powerful enough to here a mouse breathe from twenty metres. It can scan through a wall and see inside at the people's health condition at the eye piece, has infrared capabilities as well, and can even emit a sonic frequency which can leave all those in the surrounding area with a very big headache, good if you're surrounded." It was good, Brus thought, very good. But how much would it all cost? "How much do you want for that the grapnel and the armour?" Mr Fox smiled "Well that's the real trick isn't it? Tell you what, have a 'back from the dead' discount. All of those you've got there for the armour and the HUD, and I'll give you the grapnel gun absolutely free. No refunds by the way." Now Brus had all the components he needed. He fitted the HUD inside of his cowl and it fit beautifully, all the functions talked about where there. The armour fit perfectly as well, but was till white. So he got some black paint and covered it, leaving a bat-shaped hole on the chest. "Why leave that open?" Al-Fred asked. "So no one aims at my head, they'll just get the armour." The grapnel gun replaced his old hook on his belt and he was ready for his first night on patrol. The first night A young couple headed down an alley-way, they always went that way, as it cut their travel time in half on their way home. Then two huge men appeared in front of them. "Don't make no sudden moves alright?" One of them said in a deep, gruff voice. "Just give us yer money and neither you'd be harmed." The couple were terrified, but gave in and gave them their wallets and any other valuables to the muggers, leaving them penniless. But as the two turned around, a black shadow appeared in front of them. "Give them the money back," said a cold unearthly voice. "Or you will find yourself not standing up for a while." The muggers looked at each other, neither one scared yet. "Oh yeah!? And what're you going to do about it pal?" He charged forward and swung a punch, it was grabbed and suddenly the goon found himself flying down the alleyway. The shadow didn't move. The other guy was shocked, and was even more shocked when he found himself flying up into the air after the shadow grabbed him and seemed to fly onto the roof, being held upside down off the side of the building. "I'm going to go soft on you, this time." Said the monster, lit by the moonlight, "But only because I want you to do something for me. I want you to spread the word about me with all your friends, tell them what happened to you." The thug, terrified at this monster spluttered out, "What the hell are you?!" It was then the monster paused dangling his play as if playing with it. What to call himself? The name that arose was simple and elegant, yet terrifying to those he would hunt. "I am the thing that will haunt your dreams; I am the creature that will stalk its prey until you last dying day. For now I am Vengeance, I am one with the night. I am Batman, the one who will hunt you down and stop you." With this he roughly threw the man onto the roof and took all of the stolen items off him. "You and your friend better run, but remember what I told you to do. The thug, once so brave and strong, was now terrified and sobbing like a child; he nodded quickly and ran off. The Batman managed to let a smile slip then jumped down, his cloak slowing his fall and the armour doing the rest, landing in front of the scared couple, who expected him to gloat and take their stuff anyway. He put his hand out with their two wallets and a pocket watch, a family heirloom probably. "Do not be afraid, I am not here to punish the innocent. Let everyone know that they have a new protector, a dark knight." The couple tentatively took their items back, the woman muttering a "thank you." The man looking up and asking him, "But what do we call you?" To the figure now disappearing into the shadows "You will come to know me, as Batman." He turned and blended immediately into the shadows. Thus the transformation had been complete. Gone was Brus Wain, crying for his parents on a cold December night. Now there was Batman, the one who would protect his home from those who would seek to harm the innocent. The darkest night for injustice had begun. End of Chapter One. Next, Chapter Two: The Man who Laughs.