crosses the room in two strides, capturing her lips smoothly as he lifts her off the ground. She returns his kiss, all tongue and teeth and passion, trying to show him with her actions everything she has figured out this past year. He locks the front door and blindly carries her upstairs to his small apartment over the bakery and before she really realizes it, he's settled over her on the soft covers of his bed. His lips trail over her jaw and down the soft skin of her neck as his hands find the hem of her shirt and tug. She lifts up and he peels the fabric away, returning his lips to her collarbone as he unclasps her bra, tossing it over his shoulder. "Peeta." She whispers softly, tangling her fingers through his hair as his lips find her nipple. She arches against him and his moan is muffled by her, the heat of it tickling her skin. Impatiently, his hands fumble with the button of her pants before finally releasing it and pulling them off along with her underwear. Peeta doesn't give her time to think before one of his hands finds her throbbing bundle of nerves and presses circles around it in the way that drives her body mad with want. He still remembers how to bring her body to pieces after all these years. A finger dips into her wetness and she knows she's ready for him. She's been ready since she pulled off of I-39 a half hour ago. The thought of Peeta has always been enough for her, and she wonders how she could have ever thought this would end any differently. It was always meant to be them, together – her and Peeta. "Katniss." He groans as his finger curls inside of her and she understands what he needs. She needs it too. Her hands pull at his shirt, un-tucking it before he rips it over his head and wrestles his pants off, taking his boxers with them. Peeta quickly moves to hover over her again but hesitates. "Katniss?" Her name is the question this time and she knows the answer. "Remind me what it's like to feel good, Peeta." It's all that he needs before he pushes into her, pressing his face into her neck and letting out a deep, utterly masculine groan as he does. Her hands grasp desperately at his back, as she whimpers, trying to bring him closer; he can't be close enough. It doesn't take either of them long once he finds his rhythm and presses into her, hitting that spot that makes her mind go numb and building the fire inside both of them. He peppers kisses across her chest, her neck, everywhere all at once until his lips join with hers and his tongue slides, wet and firm over her own. His movements become faster, more frantic, chasing after something invisible but blindingly powerful. His hips thrust firmly into her and she realizes she's just as close, a white-hot coal in her belly waiting to burst into flames. His movements turn harsh and uneven as he lets out a guttural moan garbled with her name and collapses over her. The sound is all she needs, tumbling into a fire that consumes her as she calls out his name, arching up and pulling him tightly to her chest. After, once they've both come down and Peeta has pulled them up into bed, cradling her against his chest, she presses a kiss right where his heart is. She smiles up at the man with shining blue eyes and damp blonde curls and knows that her sister was always right. "I love you, Peeta." Katniss whispers, fulfilling Prim's last wish; that she finally admit this fact. He smiles that boyish grin she hasn't seen in so long- too long, "Say it again." "I love you." She repeats, louder this time. "I've waited years for you to say that, Katniss Everdeen." Peeta says huskily before kissing her with more passion than he ever has before, sending her toes curling under the covers. "I love you too." She smiles, knowing that her next question will thrill him even more, "Will you let me stay here with you, Peeta? Will you keep me?" The look of pure joy that washes over him is enough to keep Katniss Everdeen alive for the rest of her life. He grabs her with a deep laugh swinging her over his lap so she sits straddling his hips. Katniss squeals as his fingers brush her sides, intentionally grazing the places he knows are most ticklish. His eyes flash a brighter blue than she's ever seen them before and once he catches his breath again, he whispers, "Always." Katniss smiles softly, placing a hand gently against the cheek of the most beautiful man she knows, feeling him hardening beneath her once again. This is where she belongs. It took her a year to find home again, but she realizes now that his arms are her home, easing the pain and suffering of life outside of his embrace. She rolls her hips slowly against him and his groan sends heat pooling between her legs again. Slowly, she lowers her lips to his for a deep, languid kiss because she knows she's staying, now she has all the time in the world to make love to Peeta Mellark, and it doesn't sound like a half bad life. Not by a long shot. AN: I still haven't ruled out the possibility of adding to this, either future dates or going back and adding in other scenes and details that I needed to cut out for the sake of keeping this oneshot from turning into a monster. There's nothing currently in the works, but I'm leaving it open as a possibility. Feel free to follow it if you want to read more when it's published and also feel free to review and let me know what you thought of this part!