a thing, with all this stuff she wouldn't even notice. Maven continued, quickly began rummaging through everything, very, very into it, very focused, very 'This is my mission.' She was plowing through the racks of the wild, sparkly, feathery clothing, exclaiming over all the designers – yelling thing one thing or another was designed by so-and-so, and that the other was by some other big shot, Capitol designer! There were dresses, gowns, blouses, and coats… Maven recognized some of the pieces from Cashmere's public appearances; she followed these things; she knew which ones Cashmere had worn on certain stops during her Victory Tour and the one she wore in her latest interview as mentor. "This is heaven." Maven said with a grin, looking back at Ruche whose nervousness had set in again. "Well hurry up, we don't have all night." Ruche shot back at her, realizing that it was now close to 1:30 in the morning. "Calm down crazy, nothing bad is going to happen. If you're so scared go be look out or something" She told him. With that Ruche decided to go and position himself at the top of the stairs; from there, he could see through the big windows to the front of the house. He started sweating profusely and every couple of minutes he would yell down the hall, "Let's get the hell out of here! I want to leave! F this, I don't care anymore! Let's go, you've got enough!" "It's fine, it's fine, it's fine, let's keep going… stop being such a little drama queen. You're stressing me out, this is supposed to be fun." She would respond and continue her rummaging. Ruche resented the way that Maven was always in charge, no matter what they did – he hated it, but what could he do? This was the girl he loved, and he didn't want to lose her. Although he'd never tested it, there was something about Maven that screamed that if he didn't do what she wanted, she would walk without a second thought. It wasn't that he minded Maven taking a few of Cashmere's things – look at her house; she had everything. And besides it wasn't like Cashmere really deserved winning her Hunger Games, she wasn't some great Victor like some of the others in the District had, ones that won on skill and bravery, no she just won on her beauty and sponsors. She was an air-head, like the tabloids said. It wasn't like a malicious thing for Ruche, it's not like they were out to get, like, a working-class member of the district. They were taking from someone who wouldn't even care or notice anything was missing. But still, no matter how many things Ruche could think of to justify their actions that night, he still did not want to get caught. Technically stealing is a crime punishable by death. He yelled again for Maven "hurry up and let's get out of here!" "This is fine, this is okay, why are you tripping out? You're like having an aneurism out there or something, we're not going to get caught. I'm almost done, alright?" She answered. Paranoia began to set in as he looked at his watch and saw that another thirty minutes had gone by, that's when he saw on the wall of the stairwell the portrait of Cashmere scowling down at him. She was wearing a purple cocktail dress and sitting on a settee with her legs folded underneath her, to her right with a bedazzled, battle axe dangling off on the side of the chair. She looked like a very displeased about something. She was staring… glaring, as if to say, "How dare you come in my house and touch my stuff, you little beyotch? I'm gonna get you for this. . ." Ruche rushed back down the hall of mirrors toward Maven. She had selected a designer dress, some skirts, a pair of high heels, large sunglasses and a couple of Cashmere's bras. He again insisted that now it was time to leave – Maven finally agreed, but not before they checked inside Cashmere's purses. They knew from experience – for yes, they'd done this kind of thing before – that people with money tend to leave money lying around the house. And, sure enough, in the closet with the shoes and the sunglasses where Cashmere also kept her many bags they found crumpled up cash, fifties, hundreds, "Looks like she went shopping today too, and this was just her spare change." Maven said with delight. Ruche would remember the smell of the expensive perfume, Maven oohing and aahing over the all the labels and outfits, and the crinkling sound of the bills. They came away with about $1,800 each – a good haul. And now it really was time to go. But first Maven couldn't resist checking out the rest of the house. They wandered around the mansion, it was spooky, as if Cashmere were there somewhere, just watching them, waiting to pounce out from behind some furniture or the curtains. They knew that Cashmere could walk in at any time. They discovered the nightclub room with the disco ball, the wet bar and a pole in the center. They thought about all the famous people who had been in there – her brother Gloss, Chanpagne Bordeaux, Glitter Porter, Nicky Ore, Sterling Royce (Cashmere's current boyfriend), Diamond Forester… Maven couldn't help but imagine herself there again someday, chilling, dancing, with Cashmere. Ruche grabbed a bottle of some expensive flavored vodka for himself, and they left into the night, feeling a sense of exhilaration at what they had just done gotten away with. Well there you have it, my first story up on Fanfiction... You don't have to leave a real review if you don't want to, but a if you liked the story a ":)" would be appreciated, and the same goes for if you didn't like it, you can just leave a ":(".