across my face, barely resting on anything for more than a fraction of a second. There's a weird look in his eyes and his mouth opens, like he might want to say something more. I raise my eyebrows questioningly, waiting... but he just shakes his head and turns away, moving across the lounge to join Wiress who happens to be curled up in a ball on the sofa, muttering to herself and counting on her fingers. I stare after him for a moment, faintly confused, but then decide to just leave it. The District 3s were always a little weird. ... "Mags and Blight seem to be having fun." Cecelia remarks appearing next to me as I stand and stare at of the window at the huge fountain illuminated with colourful lights down below us. I turn and see them both in the middle of an arm wrestling match on the opposite side of the room. "He's going to lose." I say and Cecelia laughs, her hand slipping down to rest on her swollen belly. My eyes follow her movement and I eye her stomach a little sadly. "Number three, is it?" She nods. "It's a girl. We're going to call her Alice." "Lovely name." I tell her sincerely and although she smiles back, there's a strange mix of emotions in her eyes – pride, excitement, fear, anxiety. "It'll be alright." I say quietly and she nods. "I know." But the truth is, she doesn't know, and neither do I, because being a victor doesn't mean your children are exempt from the Games. Cecelia's oldest kid is nearly ten and I wouldn't put it past Snow to rig the reapings in a couple of years time. There aren't many kids of victors around and to have a mother mentoring her daughter in the Hunger Games..? Well, the Capitol would go crazy for it. "Where's Woof?" I ask, looking around, and suddenly spotting him in the corner, chatting away to an Avox. "Ah, there he is." "Yeah," Cecelia sighs. "He likes the Avoxes, because they don't talk back. He can tell them all sorts of stories and they can't interrupt him." I snigger, although I shouldn't. It's too awful, really. Cecelia smiles back at me, but there's a sadness in her eyes. "He's definitely worse." "He is getting old..." I say. "So is Mags and she hasn't gone crazy." Cecelia points out. "I guess the Games messes some people up more than others." I nod silently, but she's wrong... The Games have messed us all up. What she should have said is that some people hide it better than others. She certainly does, what with her motherly smile and the blonde hair that curls out about her head like a halo. I suppose I do too. No one ever suspects there's more to me than the charming and lovable heart breaker. "Finnick!" Enobaria flounces over, her dark eyes set hungrily on me. "Dance with me!" And then she drags me to the centre of the room – her hands all over me, her pointed teeth flashing in the coloured lights of the lounge – and we start dancing. "How's my Finnick?" She drawls. Someone turns the music up and a few of the others join us. "Good." I say. "You?" "Never better." She suddenly smirks up at me. "Like my kids this year?" "They looked pretty good." I shrug. "Not as good as mine." "You should see Seela with a sabre..." "I'm sure I will." I say lightly, spinning her out and then tugging her back in. "What can yours do?" I shoots her a mischievous grin. "Not telling." "Come on, Finnick." She wheedles. "Nah, you'll see in the arena." "I bet they can't do anything ." She glares at me and I chuckle. "I wouldn't say that." "They did look amazing." She admits, sliding her hands down my chest. "Your boy looked deadly and that girl. What's her name?" "Annie Cresta." I supply. Enobaria purses her lips. "She's beautiful." I snap her backwards into a sharp dip. "I suppose she is." "Got any sponsors yet?" Enobaria asks a little breathlessly when I yank her back up. "Some interest." A lot of interest actually, but none of the other mentors need to know that yet. "Oh." Enobaria frowns. She falls silent then as we dance and I feel no need to continue the conversation. I don't particularly like Enobaria – she takes too much delight in keeping track of her tributes bloody accomplishments – but I know what she goes through and so we get on, in a strange, antagonistic way. That's the funny thing about us mentors. We all manage to irritate each other in one way or another and we're all basically up against each other once the Game start... but bizarrely, we're like a family. A strange dysfunctional family, but still, it's comforting to know that everyone here understands, everyone here knows and no one judges me. They're all I have, and I'm pretty sure they feel the same way. After all, it's pretty dangerous to get too close to anyone who's not a victor. We all remember Haymitch's girlfriend, Enobaria's family... my parents. And so, for a few horrible and devastating weeks, we're all together, a family again. I scan the room, revelling in the familiar faces and warm (if sometimes weary) smiles and I know that next year there'll be another one added. A new face. Fresh blood for President Snow. Whether it'll be a District 4 face, I don't know... and quite honestly? I'm not even sure I want it to be. ... Ahh Finnick, he's such a babe ;) For Annie's view of the 70th Hunger Games, go and have a look at 'Annie's Story'... Do go and check it out, I promise you won't be disappointed. Anyways, thanks for reading, please review or alert or favourite, I love to hear your feedback and any constructive criticism would be great too. Thanks again XD