shaking, legs, leaning on my shoulder and the bed he fell off of to get to me. Haymitch saunters over to help but I push him away. I won't let him touch Peeta. Not after that last comment. I somehow manage to get Peeta up on his feet and back into bed without the help of Haymitch, which I am quite proud of. I tuck Peeta into bed and make sure everything is right with him. He gives me a smile of reassurance. I kiss him on the forehead before I turn to face the man I've scratched and scarred before on an occasion like this. I consider this option again until I feel Peeta's hand on my arm. His hand feels cool against the raging blood under my skin. It never ceases to amaze me how quickly I can be calmed by him. He is the dandelion to my fire, though. Always waiting, patiently, to tame the blaze. "Everything's fine, Katniss," Peeta soothes. He addresses Haymitch. "Thank you for coming back but we've got it from here. We'll call you if we need you." Haymitch gives Peeta a smile and nod while I get a smug grin as he turns and goes. I watch him as he rounds the hallway and goes down the short flight of steps. I count each step to be sure he's still leaving. One, two, three, four. Good. I listen until I hear the front door close. And then I hear it lock. From the outside. So that's how he got in I think to myself. Once I am sure he's gone from the property, I turn to face the person who is still holding my arm and trying to smile through the pain. I move to his side. "Do you need anything for the pain?" I ask. My mother always sends us supplies from her new hospital in four, so we always have supplies on hand. "I'll have to read the directions my mother sent, but I can probably get an IV into you." He raises his hand to my cheek and gently strokes it. "All I need is for you to calm down and come to bed." I can't help but oblige. I move to my side of the bed and slide in beside him. He warmly wraps his arms around me and pulls me in close. I lay my head on his chest and I can feel his warm breath on my neck. I know he wants to mention what Haymitch said but he knows that would not be wise now. Not when I'm just wearing down. After a few moments of sustained silence, I decide to break it. "You know," I begin. "I may not be the one we have to worry about breaking." "Oh no," he gently replies. "We definitely still have to worry about that." He lifts my chin so out eyes meet. "I just didn't want you to do something you'll regret later." I pull my chin down out of his hand and into his chest. Peeta chuckles. "I'm sure he was only joking." "Well it was hilarious," I say as sarcastically as possible through gritted teeth. "Oh Katniss. Give him a break. You know he likes to mess with you." "Well I like to claw his eyes out but you don't see me going that, now do you?" "You would if you could, right?" Silence from my side of the conversation. "Plus, he only does it because he gets a reaction from you." "Oh I'll give him a reaction." I'm getting worked up again. I can feel my blood pressure rising. I'm expecting some long speech from Peeta about how Haymitch has done nothing but good things for us and how without him we wouldn't be alive. But instead, all I get is, "Don't give him the satisfaction." I ponder this a minute but ultimately I decide I need to sleep. I look up to meet his sleepy eyes. "Goodnight," I whisper. Then I kiss him and I settle in for the night. "Goodnight," Peeta says before he kisses the top of my head. I'm about to slip into a doze when I hear him very faintly say, "Katniss?" My eyes flicker open, quizzically, but I don't sit up. "Yes, Peeta?" "I need to tell you something but I'm not sure I can." Now I'm really curious. "You can tell me anything, Peeta," I reassure him. He struggles to get out each word. "I... I love you... Katniss." It's the first time since he's been hijacked that he had openly said he loves me. It has always been a very painful experience for him to openly admit it, what with all the venom coursing through his veins. It usually leads to a flashback. Yet, I have never questioned his love for me as he has my love for him. But after we worked through the hijack that first time it was clear my love for him was real. I had never said it to him and he never could say it to me but we understood how we felt. It didn't need to be spoken. But when I heard those words leave his tortured lips, I knew where we were. There's no denying it or pretending anymore. These weren't the games. There are no more cameras following our every move. This is our life. Our life that we get to spend with each other forever. I have no inkling of doubt in my mind how I feel about him just as I know exactly how he feels about me. And I know both feelings are one in the same. There's only one thing left to do. I straighten up and lean on my arm against his chest. My gray eyes find his blue ones and they lock. Then, in the most sincere voice I am capable of producing, in the utmost unconditionally devoted way I know how, I return his phrase. "I love you, too, Peeta."