more," Mags says tenderly. "That would solve everything. Quotas would go down, no one here would be hungry, my arthritis would go away...all if you hated your life." Finnick smiles involuntarily. "Okay. I get it. I've been going back and forth, you know. Sometimes I tell myself, why spend the energy hating something you can't change? And then I feel better about it. But other times, it's more...you're not supposed to be the kind of person who can enjoy what I do. Not if you want to respect yourself." "You can hate the idea that you have to do it," Mags tells him. "I do. I'm trying to change that, and you're helping. If you can live with the fact that it's going to take a long time?" Finnick makes a face. "I can't imagine how it can change at all. So if you say it can...then what I'm doing is worth it." "It may take longer than you've been alive," Mags says. "Hopefully not as long as I've been alive. But I do believe it can be changed. It hasn't always been like this, and it won't always be. Are you afraid that enjoying yourself is going to turn you into what you're pretending?" "I worry about it sometimes. But I think I can keep the act and the reality straight. I think you're right, hating the idea of it will be enough." Finnick pauses, winds the end of the rope he's holding around his fingers, and asks with slow emphasis, "It is important? It is making a difference?" "I've promised you before that if I ask you to do something, it's important." Finnick nods, looking reassured. "But you can tell me about the difficult parts," Mags urges. "We'll do what we can. There isn't anything you can't tell me, honey." Finnick disappoints but doesn't surprise her when he shakes his head. "Better not. I've seen the ones who do let themselves hate it, and you can tell. Snow can tell. I can't risk anyone seeing through my act. The only reason no one's been threatened is because my acting is good enough. It's fine. I told you, nothing I can't live with." Mags resigns herself with a sigh. "As long as you know you never have anything to be ashamed of. It may look on the surface like you're just having a good time, but the reality is that together you and I are shaping the future. You'll get more tasks from me as time goes on, I promise. Some will be easier. Some may be harder." She could give him sympathy. She can see it's hard on him beneath the bravado. All the more so if he can't admit to what's going on. But sympathy isn't going to see him through the years he's facing. A sense of purpose will. Empowerment is the greatest gift she can give him. "I feel like I'm already getting some." Finnick gives her a triumphant I'm on to you look. "I feel like the amount of training I'm getting on reading fast, upside down, out of the corner of my eye, is suspiciously out of proportion to what I need in order to make up for all those missed days of school." Mags raises her eyebrows neutrally. "Do you?" "I do." Finnick is smug. "I couldn't figure it out until I was in the Capitol this time. And then I realized I could read things without letting on that I'm reading them. So I started giving myself practice. Innocent stuff, mostly. And I practiced always having a cover story if I was caught." He lifts his chin proudly. "But I wasn't." Mags stops suppressing the smile that's spreading across her face. "Sounds like you're ready for the next task, then. I've only waited this long because I've been trying to make sure you have time to fully master one task before I add another. I want you to have all the challenges you thrive on, but I need you to respect your limits as well." "That's what Rudder's always saying when he's training us," Finnick says. "Of course. There are a few things he and I agree on, you know." Mags steers the conversation back to the point she's trying to hammer home. "And that's why it's important that you come to me before you hit your limits in the Capitol. You can enjoy it all you want, it doesn't mean it's easy." Let him know he's not fooling her on this, at least. "I can't have you ending up one of the victors who can't handle facing yet another day." "I won't!" Finnick looks insulted. "It can happen to anyone," Mags warns. "So I'll keep giving you difficult assignments, and I'll trust you to use your best judgment to make all the accommodations you need in order to keep handling these assignments as long as possible." There's only one way to get Finnick to ask for help, and that's to cast it as a sign of good judgment. "I promise." Finnick hesitates, and Mags waits. Her heart leaps, because maybe this is it, the moment she got through to him. "Mags? I believe you that anything you ask me to do is important. And I trust you that it's making a difference. I'll keep doing whatever you ask, I promise. But maybe it would help if I could see that more clearly for myself. I don't mean I'm not willing to wait," he hastens to add. "I understand changes like this take years, decades. But if the connection were more obvious..." "It'll be more obvious the more deeply involved you are in my plans," Mags tells him. "Which, based on what you've told me today, starts now. Settle in. I'm putting you to work." Half promise, half threat. Finnick glows with pride. "I'm going to be the best thing that's ever happened to you," he boasts. Mags lets the love in her eyes show. "You only think you're joking, boy."