country's population. Due to the technological and weaponry superiority of the Government troops, they eventually overpowered the states and the rebellion was crushed following the Battle of Great Salt Lake in 2353. It was at around the same time that the Panemian government began experimenting with genetic hybridization, creating the Mutts which continues to be pests on both sides of the Atlantic today President Hadean following the end of the First Rebellion began implementing a series of policies that would turn Panem into the state more familiar to conventional history. He, with the unanimous approval of the State Council indefinitely suspended the Constitution, the Bill of Rights, and amended the Crimes Act to allow for penalties to extend for generations. The use of Avoxes began in this era, the first generation being the families of the rebel leaders and representatives. Twelve states were stripped of their name and rights, becoming numbered districts. The fate of the State of New England is well known and I shall not bore you by repeating it here ( laughter ). Houses, schools and libraries of the twelve districts were demolished and replaced with barracks. The Capital was moved to an easily defendable valley nested in the Sioux Ranges ( ed. note: pre-devastation name the Rockies (Tanning, 67) ), and a stadium was constructed there, the scale and complexity of its ruins now immortalized in the infamous poem by Hadrian Lehmann. The First Hunger Games was held there two years later in 2355. However, despite these newly gleaned information, various difficulties, both old and new, remains unanswered. 1. This brings in the first issue, which is the authenticity of this document. Notable forgeries such as the Everdeen Diaries and the Paylor files are known to exist, and often publishers looking for something to boost their sales, would claim to have found from time to time some long-lost photograph of alleged Tribunes. Paraphrasing pre-devastation scholar M. Atwood, It seems that certain periods of history, no matter how sketchy true scholarship on them may be, often become the subject of comparison and all too often becomes a cause for hypocritical self-congratulation. It is essential to realize before passing moral judgment on Panem, that the state is subjected to levels of environmental pressures which we are fortunately freer from, and ultimately it is unfair to pass anachronistic moral judgments on past societies which we know little about. Our job is not to censure, but to understand. Returning from my digression: Technically, however, such documents are difficult to forge, with incredible amounts of information on the inside workings of Panem. The use of period writing styles and jargon are very difficult to recreate, and would require an expert on Panem culture to reproduce convincingly. Finally, the watermark used on the executive orders collected on the documents also seems to indicate this is an authentic document. 2. Secondly, as far as we know, from the time of the 6th Hunger Games to the end of the Second Rebellion and the birth of the North American Republic, the president of Panem ruled as an autocrat. No mention of the state council was found in any of the official records. Was the council abolished sometime after the end of the 2nd games, which coincides with the date of the last document in the volume, but before the 6th games? Was the council merely a legal fiction, created to justify the president's unchecked powers? Does it exist at all? The general poverty of historical records, coupled with the fact that they are almost entirely written by Panemian officials preclude any conclusive results. 3. Finally and most importantly is why would our mysterious diarist have found this enigmatic document in a back-office of district twelve? My colleague, Doctor Gaius Hansen in a recently published paper posited that the document may have been smuggled there by New England agents, trying to gain intelligence on Panem. However, as many of you may know New England did not form their Secret Service corps until under the Sherman presidency, and no records show any form of contact between the two states in the preceding years. However, Dr. Hansen in turn argued that persistent legends throughout the mid-late Panemian period that District Thirteen was not destroyed seems to indicate that at least some contact has been made with the residents of the districts, though personally I find this unconvincing. Other questions regarding this document also beg to be answered. Where are the second or third volumes, if there are any? Why, out of all the places in district twelve where this volume could be hidden, the district office was chosen? The cover of the volume bears the initials "S.C." what does it mean? The document, though illuminating in other areas, remain mute on these issues. The discovery of this document has both provided answers, but also posed new questions. In the absence of new materials, it is likely that some of these will never be answered. Thank you. (Applause) ST-CLAIR: Are there any questions? 1 The War of Great Devastation is an anachronistic name given to the nuclear war fought between USA, China, North Korea, Russia, and Iran during the last decade of the 22nd century. (Huxley, 224) 2 Although US archives, as one of the major participant states of the War, were completely destroyed, other states more removed from the conflict such as the Federated States of Latin America, Australia, and New Zealand has managed to preserve most of their archival collections. (Scholastica, 405) 3 Despite their vagueness, these textbooks have cast light on key historical events of the early period, such as the First Rebellion and that the Hunger Games began under the Presidency of Haddad. 4 Bellerist is a popular slang term of uncertain origin, it means "devoid of meaning, wishy-washy, without substance" (Xinhua Press, 4677) 5 The Crane Files are a series of documents published by the Crane Family Collection (PARIS-IX press, 2597); The Cranes were a prominent Capital Family in the late Panemian era.