in the world, fell dead at the hands of Mags Slate. But she didn't care about him, no. Lying next to his body, Heinz Muller was taking his last breaths. Mags bent down on her knees and carefully lifted his head unto her lap. Heinz's eyes were dancing around wildly but her touch gave him refuge and he focused them on her. "I'm sorry Heinz," she wept. "F..for wh..what?" He wheezed. "I promised to protect you and I failed didn't I?" She replied as tears rolled down her cheeks. "No, y.. you promised t.. to save m.. me fr…from getting b.. beat up and you d.. did. Thank you Mags." Heinz's eyes drifted away but he forced them to focus on Mags for one last time, "I see them Mags, I see my family. I await you in Heaven. Goodbye," were Heinz's last words. "Goodbye," Mags choked out and followed it up with one word that made Heinz die a happy man. "Friend." He gave her a delighted smile before his eyes lost their light and he drew no more breaths. But the fact of the matter remained that Heinz Muller had made a friend. Mags wept throughout the night. Heinz was dead, but she remained. Hunger had once again become an issue. Her stomach grumbled, her limbs ached and her heart grieved. Two others were left; Brax Henderson and the girl from District 8. She'd make few more traps come morning if she even made it until morning. She'd have to. Heinz had given his life for her and Mags needed to honor his sacrifice and memory. But how? A falling parachute gave her the answer. Lily had come through again. It's all I could get. Live for Heinz, child – Lily Three energy bars. Lily had gotten sponsors to get her three energy bars. Mags would preserve them until morning when she'd make her last stand. Mags awoke the next morning to the sound of the canon booming followed by the sky portraying the image of the District 8 girl. Realizing that there was no time to waste, Mags leapt up and devoured her energy bars. She took her ropes with her leaving the backpack behind and a knife hidden under her left boot. About an hour later Brax Henderson came into her view. He spotted her and hefting his axe he strode towards her. "For the win?" He questioned. Mags nodded her head and Brax bought his axe down on her. She quickly rolled out of the way and hit the back of his left kneecap with every ounce of strength she had. It was not enough to bring him down but Brax shifted his weight to his right side making Mags realize that her strike had done some damage. Brax brought his axe down again but this time Mags moved out of his reach and delivered another blow to his left kneecap. Brax grunted in pain and gingerly tested to see if he could still use I to fight. He couldn't! As Brax swung his axe again, Mags hit the ground and slid between his feet. She took out her knife and slashed at his kneecap. Brax yelled in pain and dropped his axe just as Mags took her rope and began winding it around his knees, ultimately securing it with a knot so now Brax lay flat on his face with his legs tied, his arms underneath him and his axe out of his reach, completely at Mags's mercy. As she brought her knife to his neck, Brax whispered, "You're one to be reckoned with but remember to let go." His words confused her and Brax sensing this clarified, "A time will come when you have to let go but it's up to you to decide when that it. Please put me out of my misery." She brought her knife down on his neck. Blood poured out. A canon boomed. The Head Gamekeepers voice rang out, "Ladies and Gentlemen, I present to you the victor of the 8th Annual Hunger Games, the first ever victor from District 4, Mags Slate! She could go on no longer and with Brax's words playing in her head, Mags fainted. When she awoke, she was in a hospital bed with Lily Dreaves seated next to her. Lily gave her a sad smile before asking, "Can you bear it?" Mags thought of the arena. The bloodbath. Umberson killing the Careers. She killing Brett, Jack and Brax. Heinz dying in her arms. She turned to face Lily; "Maybe, but I'll know when to let go." If Lily was confused by her response, she didn't show it. The rest was a blur. Her interview with Joshua Flickerman ended horribly as Mags walked out when Joshua asked her how it felt to be the underdog taking down the favorites such as Jack, Brett, and Brax. The Victory tour was no better. Finally they came to District 4 and Lily showed her the Victors Village where she would be the lone inhabitant. Bidding her goodbye, Lily reminded her that she would be a mentor in the years to come. People congratulated Mags for her victory but she knew better. Heinz's body was given to her and she buried him in the Victor's Village. Decades later she realized that what Brax had said was the best possible advice she could get. But the fact remained that she was a Victor on paper but in reality she was a survivor and it was these words she told Haymitch Abernathy after his victory at the second Quarter Quell which he in turn told Katniss Everdeen and so a cycle started which had begun from Mags Slate. She was a survivor not a victor. Authors Note: So this was the first chapter of my fic. I hope you enjoyed it and please , please review. Criticism is appreciated. In case anyone was wondering, I'd like to clarify that Coriolanus Snow and Caesar Flickerman have not yet been born.