him for the sweater and she didn't want to either. She doesn't like Finnick, but she doesn't genuinely hate him either. Though she's glad that someone survived in the crash or otherwise she'd be alone. Still, if she had to choose who to survive in the accident, she would have chosen Haymitch without a doubt. "I'll keep the first watch," Finnick murmurs. "You get some rest." Katniss clenches her hands into fists. Is he being serious? "I can't sleep," she says tersely. Not after what happened. Even if she could, her dreams would most definitely be filled with horrid nightmares about it. Finnick doesn't respond to her statement directly. "They should come for us, you know," he says. "Well, more so you. You're the Mockingjay. The whole point was to keep you alive and I'll make sure it stays that way." Katniss feels angry with him for talking about that. The Mockingjay. She's supposed to be the Mockingjay. That's the whole reason why everyone was keeping her alive, not because they genuinely cared about her. It was a plan, a deal, to spark the rebellion. How can he sit here and talk to her that way? "That's all though, right?" she seethes, looking up at him now. He stares at her. "No one's coming for us," she says. "We don't even know where we are and for all they know we could be dead," as she says it, she doesn't even know who they are. Plutarch Heavensbee and Haymitch, but that's it. And they're dead. Who else is there? "You could have told me," she says. "Believe me, I would've told you," Finnick says. "Everyone was told to keep it secret. We were only following orders, doing our part for the rebellion, even if it meant risking our own lives." That explains why that Morphling jumped in front of Peeta before that monkey killed him. Still, Katniss would've felt more comfortable knowing, instead of being an oblivious fool during the games. It hurts knowing that no one trusted her enough, not even Haymitch. Although she tries to keep Haymitch's view in the present, she has to remind herself that he's no longer alive and has to refer to him in past tense now. More tears want to come, but she pushes them away by blinking rapidly. No more tears for tonight. "And you're still following through with it," she says quietly, her anger subsiding. "The faster we get you to District 13, the faster we'll be able to rescue Peeta…and Annie." Finnick says the last part more quietly. Katniss remembers Johanna telling her about Finnick's undying love for the mad girl who won the 70th Hunger Games in the arena. "They have Annie?" Finnick nods his head shortly. She can see his throat move as he swallows. "The Capitol picked her up and took her as hostage to use against me…" he begins to fumble with something his hand. A piece of string. Where'd he get that from? Katniss wonders. Then he starts to create knots with it, moving at a quick pace. Katniss watches him for a moment, trying to figure out whether to feel bad for him or not. If they're using Annie for questioning then they'll be doing the same for Peeta. Snow will torture them, she just knows it. It pains her to think about it. She didn't think Finnick had feelings like that. He showed hardly any emotion of pain or guilt during the games, except for when Mags died. "I'm sorry about your mentor, Katniss." Finnick murmurs sincerely, avoiding her gaze. Her bottom lip twitches at the sound of Haymitch's name. She was on the verge of tears again, but she pinched the skin on her thigh to stop them from cascading. The whole night, they stayed up. Katniss entertained herself by watching Finnick make multiple knots with his string. When her mind was at ease for a few seconds, the negative thoughts would come up again and remind her of the horrible things that took place recently. When the sun rises, just above the horizon, the two of them decide to start moving. The air becomes warmer as they move forward, thanks to the heat of the sun that quickly rises higher in the sky as they go on. Minutes go by, or even hours, as they trek through the vast forest. These trees aren't like the ones in the arena. They aren't like the ones in District 12 either. Finnick is walking ahead of Katniss. She wanted to give him back his sweater but he told her to keep it and that he was no longer cold. He stops abruptly in front of her and she nearly bumps into him. She opens her mouth to ask him what he's looking at but he speaks first. "Let's go back the other way." "What?" Katniss asks in disbelief. They just had come a long way. Why would they turn back? "We've been walking for hours and there's nothing back there for us," she reasons. Finnick is shaking his head, backing away. He sees something. Katniss tries to look around him but he blocks her view with his body. He turns to face her and grabs her by the arms. "There's nothing for us this way either. Let's just go back," he says, sounding serious. Then Katniss sees the desperation in his eyes and that only raises her curiosity. She yanks her arms free and moves around him in one swift movement. When she sees the sight, she wishes her curiosity didn't get the best of her. The sight before her is devastating and it nearly makes her knees buckle. District 12 is gone. To be continued… I know it starts off rather tragic but things will start to get better once Katniss and Finnick become closer. Hopefully enough of you will like it for me to continue. Do you guys think you'd want to read more in the future to see where this goes?