do not resist or we will use force." She says then storms out. Leaving me to the hands of the men in white coats. Ch3 Sentencing: The doctors are smart, they do not remove my binds as they pumped med after med into me. Just as my head begins to clear the wall opens and the guards return. One of the doctors takes a small needle and injects into one of my IV tubes. Soon my whole body goes numb, I try to move but to no avail, I cannot even speak. The guards undo my straps and lift me into a wheel chair. Every fiber of my being tries to fight but I do not even move or twitch. They wheel me out of the room, and through a long hallway towards the elevator. We enter and one of the guards pushes a button. I manage to make my pinky twitch. The time in the elevator takes longer than expected. When the doors open, I am caught unaware by what I see. A high-rise room, rows of seat begin at the floor and continue back all the way to the ceiling. I am wheeled to the center of the room, removed from my wheelchair and shackled onto a hard wooden bench. After I am secure, people pour into the room. Soon all the seats are filled, the room seems to go dark, light seems only to shine on myself and the front row of people. I can see why, everyone in the front row wears a white peacekeeper uniform. While everyone behind them wears ordinary clothes, citizens to watch the proceedings I expect. The man in the center of the first row clears his throat and the room goes silent. He snaps his fingers and a small timid woman rushes up and places a stack of files in his hands. It takes every ounce of my energy to hold the glare in my eyes. I focus all my attention to him. He purposefully avoids my icy gaze as he skims through the files. When he and the rest of the members of the first row finish skimming the files, they seem to look at me all at once. 12 separate lions fighting over one gazelle, as if wondering who will take the first bite. One of the Doctors injects my Iv with another liquid. Soon I begin being able to move but I am still heavily restrained. The man in the center snaps his fingers and the small woman returns to him. He hands her the file, she walks to the center of the room to address the crowd. In an annoyingly squeaky voice she begins to speak: "The case of Panem v. Wyatt Artemis Quell will now commence. The charges are:Treason, Murder in the First Degree, Grand Theft, Breaking and Entering, Destruction of Capitol Property, First Degree Assault, Attempted Escape, Obstruction of Justice, and Slander against the President. District 3's council of 12, whom after hearing the case shall decide the verdict, will oversee the proceedings. Mr. Quell how do you plead?" she says as everyone in the room looks at me expectantly. My head is barely clearing when the first word I think of blurts out of my mouth. "Bullshit" I say quietly. "Excuse us?" a shrill woman in the front row shrieks. "Bullshit!" I scream. Everyone in the room gasps. "Like it matters what I plead" I continue to bellow, "whether or not I have committed these crimes is not important. You will punish me for them anyway. In this case yes, I did all those things. I plead guilty on all charges. I do not regret a single act, except killing the guard. Do you want to know why I did those things? Because it is the only way regular people have a chance against tyrants like you! It is this government that killed my parents and left me a homeless orphan when I was barely more than a toddler. You kill people for speaking their mind, for wanting their share, for protecting their children. I refuse to tolerate such small-minded people being given so much power. The only smart sentence for you people to give me is death, any other punishment I will escape from and then you will have a real problem. My name is Wyatt Artemis Quell, you have killed my family and now you come for me. I will not stop until everyone of you capitol people are dead. So prepare to die." I finish when my voice starts to go hoarse. The room seems to stunned for speech. The man in the middle of the front row is the first to recover. He blinks a few times then clears his throat "Thank you for your confession Mr. Quell, the Council of 12 shall deliberate and your sentence shall be delivered" he says as the 12 in the front row rise and leaves the room. When they leave the lights return to normal and I truly take in the audience watching the scene. Every eye is on me I smile at them. "If you continue to just sit and watch, nothing will get better. More children like me will die because you are too afraid to fight for your freedom. You people disgust me" I say as I spit on the floor. Barely a few minutes later the Council returns to the room and retake their seats. The room is tense as the man in the center rises. "Wyatt Artemis Quell, you have pleaded guilty to numerous grievous crimes. The council of 12 has decided on your punishment. Because you have not only defied the capitol but your district as well, your punishment must repay both of these in turn. The Council of 12 has decided that you Wyatt Artemis Quell, at 17 years of age, shall take up the duties of the male tribute for District Three in the upcoming 24th annual Hunger Games." Please give me feedback! Thanks!- Haymitch