son chose to sacrifice himself for the younger? Proud? Grieved? Who was her favorite child? Everyone gaped at Caliban, as if he was insane. I could have told them all he was. He turned to face me and gave me his arrogant smirk, the one that I fell for years ago. Paylor nodded her head at the boy, clearly impressed. "Any others?" she asked. There weren't any. It was over. Seventy-five children awaited trials and tribulations the likes of which the country had never seen. The largest group in an arena was the second quarter quell when twice the regular number of tributes participated. Thinking like the Capitol-born citizen I was, I started appreciating how fascinating these Games were going to be, even if it was at my expense. In a way, I was part of history. The tributes in these games, like the others, would be recorded somewhere for future generations. These were the Games to end all Games. "That concludes the Reaping," said Paylor in her weary tone. She must have been busy and exhausted. Constructing new governmental systems took a lot of work, or so I imagined. "Escorts will accompany the tributes to the waiting rooms where they will have one hour to visit with friends and family." We were divided into twenty-five groups of three, each group with their own escort. They led us into a building and each deposited us into individual rooms. My room was smallish. It had a couch against one wall, a chair in a corner, and enough room for four or five people to stand without feeling crowded. For a minute, I doubted my mother would come. I sat alone in silence with only my thoughts to keep me company, and those weren't very pleasant. I hoped she showed up soon. She did. I heard a quiet conversation through the door, followed by a faint knocking. She entered, looking regal in her beautiful dress, my baby cousin clutched tightly in her arms. She sat down on the couch next to me. I leaned into her arms. I didn't cry; I didn't say a word. I just let her hold me. I held my cousin in my lap, that sweet baby girl who almost never cried or screamed or threw tantrums. I felt my mother's warmth and loved the comfort of her embrace. She stroked my hair while I lied against her, the way she did when I was younger. It reminded me of happier, better times, when life was easier, clearer, and infinitely more hopeful. "Aurora," my mother muttered, breaking the amiable quietude. "Yeah?" I replied. "You're going to at least try, right?" "Mom, I'm not sure I want to." "What do you mean?" she questioned, sounding appalled. I immediately thought of the quarter quell, when all the Victors were shown, either because of the Reaping or because they returned to the Arena. So many of them looked awful. "You remember how many Victors fought against the Capitol? How many were alcoholics, drug addicts, or insane? Do I really want to end up like that?" "So you'd rather die," she accused venomously. "If my choice is to die as myself or return as someone else, then maybe. What use is surviving if you're not who you want to be, if you can never become who you want to be? So many Victors seemed... Lost, confused, dazed. As well as bitter, angry, and resentful. How did we miss this?" She sighed. We were probably being watched, but what did it matter? "Sweetheart, you were supposed to miss it. The plight of the districts, the effect the Arena had on the Victors, all of it. The Capitol citizens were left blind by Snow's administration. Mindless residents provide little to no resistance. We were complacent with our lives. Why would we want to change anything? We had everything." "Was my grandfather really has horrible as they say?" I asked. I had to. I needed to know. How else could I reconcile my memories of an even-tempered man who doted on me every chance he got with the brutal politician that murdered, lied, cheated, stole, and crushed the dreams of others with no remorse? "Snow was a complicated man, Aurora. He loved power, and he did whatever it took to maintain his power. What made him a powerful leader also made him a deplorable human being. He chose his own path. Just remember, that whatever his flaws may have been, he loved you. I think you were the one thing he did love. He may have been a tyrant, but he was also a good grandfather. People, even the condemnable ones, are variable and intricate creatures. We are all multiple things. And always remember that near everything is a matter of perspective. You miss him, don't you?" "Yes," I breathed out. I hated myself for it because I knew I shouldn't, but that changed nothing. "It's not wrong. There are those who would tell you it is, but that's not fair of them. They blame him for everything: The Games, the rebellion, the destruction. But be mindful of this: Snow did not start the Hunger Games, he merely continued them. It was his duty as president to continue them, even if they are sadistic and cruel. What he did to the Victors following them, as well as personal victims of his ambition, is on him. But that's between the Victors, his political victims, their families, and him." My escort walked into the room. "I'm sorry," he said, "but visiting time is over. Ms. Snow, please come with me. Mrs. Snow, you will be escorted off the property shortly. Please wait here a moment longer." He allowed me to hug my mother one last time. "I love you," I said. "I love you too, sweetheart, more than anything." I followed my escort into the hallway. The Reaping was officially over. Soon, I would be prepped for the parade, and then the Games would begin in full.