have never done before. I want you to experience love, real love, not what your mom lies to you about." 1 foot. "A love that makes you want to scream and cry and laugh…" he finally realized our close proximity, and started backing up towards his bed in the center of the room. I internally smiled and decided I might as well follow him. "No Kat, you need to listen to this!" He reached his bed and used his hands to steady himself. "I think I've heard enough for now." I was at his lap now, and began to crawl towards him while he escaped backwards to the other side. "No, you don't understand. I'm sorry about—" "I know." "But I just need to explain to you how much I lo—" "Mhmm." I was sitting up on the edge of the bed at that point, my hands rested on his shoulders as he stood up in front of me. He kept up his attempts at apologies, but I interrupted him with a quick comment every time. We gazed at each other for a good 70 seconds before his confusion slowly faded into a bright smile. I gave him a small smile of my own, content with his decision to stop talking. "So does this mean you forgive me?" I leaned in and brought his lips to mine with a tug at his silky blonde locks. "Maybe," I answered in between kisses, teasing him with my lips. "You shouldn't." I kissed his forehead this time, something he did to me a lot. "I know." "I really am—" "Peeta." "Ok." The conversation ended with him forcing my body onto the cloud-like mattress and claiming me as his with small nips at my neck. "I'll see you tomorrow," he whispered against my lips, only causing my chills from the brisk October night to intensify. He held me against his strong body for a few more moments before Gale had to pry his hands away so we could finally get my sister home into bed. Madge, Gale, and I bid Peeta one last goodbye before filing into Gale's truck where Prim was leaning on the headrest sleeping. He cast a heartfelt expression at me before he stepped back into his parents' house. On the ride back home, I felt peaceful for once in a long time. Things seemed to be going well. Almost too well. It was an odd feeling to be elated, but I couldn't describe my emotions as anything but that. My instincts told me not to trust my happiness, but I ignored them and focused on the passing trees outside the front seat window. In my head, I replayed the progress Peeta and I made after his way-too-lengthy apology speech. I moved out from under him when his kisses seemed to trail lower than my chest. I still wasn't ready. He sat up with a sparkling smile that reached further than his eyes. " Sorry. I forgot how innocent you are." " You don't look very sorry. Your smile is the size of Texas." He laughed at that as if it was the funniest joke in the world. " Okay, you caught me, I'm not all that sorry. You just make me feel so…" His eyes led a blazing trail of lust starting from my head, crossing down to my chest and lingering there, continuing lower, and passing by my lap to my feet, where he placed a soft kiss. "happy." I brushed my fingertips along his face before they decided that it wasn't enough and rested themselves on his bare chest. I forced them to stop there, no wanting to give him the wrong idea about what I wanted, though I wasn't even sure what that was. " I love you Katniss." I closed my eyes, wondering how just 4 words could send my heart racing. " I know." A soft hand pulled my from the sleep I hadn't known I fell into. Gale was there with Prim in his arms, Madge nowhere to be seen. He must have already taken her home. "C'mon Catnip." I followed his tall figure into the house, offering to take her upstairs before the house phone rang. Curious, I went to pick it up while Gale brought Prim upstairs. "Hello?" I murmured, sleep still evident in my voice. "Katniss?" A broken voice answered, sounding rough and unsure. Still, I recognized it as Rye. I laughed at his impeccable acting skills. "Oh hey Rye. Did Peeta tell you to apologize to me? It's okay, you don't have to, all is forgiven. You can cut the 'heartbroken voice' crap. He did, however, try to corrupt me. I swear, that boy is going to be the death—" His sob broke me from my bubbly rambling. Immediately I was brought back into the past. The day that my father died, Prim had made a similar sound after mom broke the news to us. I knew that sound anywhere. It was pure and utter sorrow. The speed at which my emotions changed and had me staggering towards the ground was unimaginable. Thankfully, my primal instincts were quicker than my brain, and they caught the edge of the desk I standing at before I hit the ground head on. I knew it was too good to be true. Happiness only came in spouts, and if you had too much of it, it would be taken away from you. "I'm so sorry," he cried from the other end of the phone. My heart stopped. This wasn't happening. No. "He was shot Katniss." Okay! I would have made this longer, but I have a very specific way that I want this storyline to go, and this chapter needed to stop here. Next chapter will be set prior to this one, and will be longer. Please leave me some feedback, I would greatly appreciate it (that is, if anyone even reads this). Thanks for reading, and I'll see you in the next chapter!