someone awkwardly stands over your shoulder waiting." I say. He grins as he gets up to clear the table. As he reaches for my empty plate, I insist I bring my plate into the kitchen with Gale's. We take the plates to the kitchen together, as Delly and Gale are left at the table chatting. I take the silverware off of the plates, as Peeta does the same, and we stack them. My hand accidentally brushes his as he and I put the silverware on the top plate. I feel a jolt of electricity as our hands touch. I clear my throat awkwardly, thanking him again for the beautiful dinner. He gives me the same grin he gave me before, and I feel another wave of heat pulse through my body. What is going on? Peeta is a quiet, reserved, strange man. This couldn't possibly be attraction I'm feeling for him, could it ? I shake that out of my head. It's just nerves. Preparing for the move hasn't exactly been easy on me. Especially since Prim has been throwing fits about leaving Rory and all of her friends behind. If I had any say in the matter, of course I wouldn't leave North Carolina. I've lived here all of my life, and the little cabin that Gale and I call home for the past two years is where I'll leave my heart. I'll miss hunting these woods, and I'll even miss my mother. Since Gale and I got married, she's been living with a friend, so at least in that aspect I know she'll be taken care of. I'm jolted out of my thoughts by Peeta's voice, "Do you have the photos ready, Katniss?" The way he says my name makes my heart melt a little. I glance up at him, noticing he is now in the living room, "Yes," I say as I withdraw the box of photos from my handbag. We move into the living room as Delly starts cleaning up the kitchen. We sit down on the plush couch, and little Rosie comes in excitedly. She wants to see our photos, too. As a financially depressed, young couple, it is rare that Gale and I take any trips, so this in itself is a big treat for me. Getting to show off photos from an actual trip we took, showing them to someone who actually wants to look at them. It's a dream come true, however sad that may be. I take the stack of photos out of the cardboard box they were in, handing them ever so gently to Peeta. "Thank you." he nods as he just as carefully takes them from my hand. I am not even certain that we physically touched, but as his hand meets mine, I feel a spark. I somewhat am taken aback. Does he have a cellphone on him that's short circuiting or something? I've never felt anything remotely like this with any man I've ever come in contact with, no less a stranger who is strange . He brings the word stranger to mean exactly what it's supposed to. He begins to flip through the photos, and I am pleased that I don't have to explain every one in detail to him. He's obviously been to Atlanta before, of course, he is a town boy. In the area we live in, the poorer, country region is called "The Seam," and those who live in the town are frequently referred to, mostly in a derogatory way from those who live in the Seam as "town people." So, in this case, Peeta is a town boy, and Delly is a town girl. Of course they'd only marry within town people, and it's very uncommon to do otherwise. Nature has its funny ways of keeping people loyal to their own social standings. Most of the people who live in the Seam and mountains are of more of a dark complexion, such as dark brown/black hair and olive skin. Many in the Seam are also grey-eyed or brown eyed. Most of the town people are of a much lighter complexion, sporting light brown to blonde hair, blue eyes, and pale skin. I am unsure as to why this is, but my only reasoning would be people marry within their social status groups, and those who don't, typically regret it as most end in divorce. This is why I cannot understand why my body is reacting this way to Peeta Mellark, the broken, strange town boy who probably never looked towards my way once, even though we all grew up within 10 miles of each other and attended the same schools, just different years. I sigh as he finishes the photos and hands them back to me with a little grin. "Thank you, I really enjoyed these." he says quietly as he runs a broad fingered hand through his golden curls. How can a man so handsome, so previously outgoing and personable, turn into such a soft-spoken introvert who cannot even make eye contact with the wife of one of his former best friends? This is the strange end to Chapter 1, sorry for the bizarre ending, but at the moment I have just a little bit of writer's block, and I am unsure where I want to go with this story from here. I really like the idea of Peeta being broken from an abusive marriage and childhood, but I don't have any clue where I want Katniss and Peeta to start their romance, etc.. Give me a week, and hopefully there will be an update soon! I'm also in the middle of an international move (kind of what inspired this in a way) and I am super busy as I'm leaving in less than a week! I hope you enjoyed, and thanks for reading! EDIT: I changed Peeta and Delly's ages as I figured out what I want to do with this story, and it all meshes better that way. Thanks!