strong point so be sure to get those along with some poisons, any you can find. Set traps quickly and don't be fooled. People are tricky and I have no doubt in my mind that the Career's mentors are going to have some form of strategy for them to use. Stay ahead of the game." "You should know me better than that, Noah. I'm always ahead of the game." Instead of answering with a sarcastic remark like he usually would, he brought me into a strong embrace. Noah always did that when I was younger and had nightmares about the games. "Just promise me you'll stay alive?" he whispers as I feel a drop of water on my shoulder. "You know I can't make that type of promise. I'll try to win though, for everyone." Lotus was next as she took me into a tighter embrace than Noah's. "I'm so sorry dear. I swear that if you come home I won't ever assign you extra homework and I'll let you have more hours on the waves. I know you love the ocean, just like your mother." That was when it struck me. I was leaving District 4, probably for good. I'd never see the ocean again, feel the sand between my toes, watch the beautiful sunset from shore, most of all I would never be able to feel the amazing sensation of the waves again. It felt like my entire world was crashing down on me as I looked around at the family I would probably never see again. "She's right. You are just like your mother." my father points out surprising me. Dad and I never really saw eye to eye and were not on good terms as it is. For some reason he just didn't like me at all and I wonder if it had anything to do with mom dieing. "Noah was right. You need to try and win. I think everyone in District 4 agrees with me when I say you have a damn good shot at winning this." That was probably the most I ever heard my father speak to me in the last eight years. "Alright, you're time's up. I'm sorry but you'll have to leave now." a Peacekeeper states appearing at the door. On the other side I could hear all of the fuss caused by the citizens of District 4. ' All of these people came here to see me?' I think trying hard to keep the tears in my eyes from overflowing. I had no idea these many people cared about me enough to come visit me at the Justice Building. Right as they were pulling my family away, Noah slipped something into the palm of my hand while giving me one last glance. Opening my palm I see a beautiful shell necklace that I was obviously handmade quite some time ago. The shells were a perfect soft white and were carefully wrapped with brown weaved thread that produced clasps at both ends to hold it together. I instantly knew what Noah wanted me to do with it. This necklace would be by token into the arena. Annie was the next to visit me and just like Aquamarina she knocked me to the ground in a large embrace. Salty tears flowed down her cheeks freely as she didn't let go for about a minute. "I don't know what to say. Why did it have to be you? I would have gladly volunteered." she says causing my eyes to narrow. "If you did I wouldn't let you go through with it. Annie, you're my friend and I would never want you to put yourself through something like the Hunger Games for me. I'll do fine and be back in District 4 before you know it." Shaking her head, she started to cry into my shoulder. "You don't get it. Everyone in District 4 adores you, just as much as Sara. Somehow you're able to make mothers and children love you and manage to charm every boy you come into contact with. I don't think I'll be able to take it if you die in these games." "I know what I'm up against and I won't lie and say that I think I have a pretty good chance getting out of that arena alive. I'm no Career and therefore my shots at winning are incredibly slim. Just root for me, will ya?" I ask almost on the verge of tears but I had to be strong for Annie or else she'd never stop worrying once I was gone. "Of course I will. Everyone in the District will be." That was actually something I was relived about. Sponsors were incredibly hard to nab when you weren't a career. I'm just glad everyone thought I could win. "Remember when we were little kids? We would always go out to the docks to play and sometimes you'd even try and teach me how to surf. Our parents would always yell at us the next day for staying out too long when we stayed to watch the sunsets." I actually did remember those times and gave a small nod of the head to show her I did. "I really wish we could go back to those times." That was a thought. "I do too. Although, we have to get through this. You have to believe that I'm going to do everything I can to come back." "I will. Just promise me you'll be safe." Taking both of her hands into mine I give her me most believable smile I could muster at the moment. It was nice and gentle but held deep regret hidden in it. "I can't make a promise like that, Annie. I will promise you that I'll try to stay safe and win. For you, Noah, Sarah, Lotus, Mom, and everyone." She was pulled out of the room after that leaving me all alone with my thoughts. Then there was nothing. I was alone.