girl are you there Granddaughter?"again not a real question. i spit at her in the face and kick her in the knee. she grabs the front of my shirt and shoves me into Cain. "Stupid bitch, you'll regret this!" There's a click from behind me and i know Cain has a gun pulled to my head. i sigh and take a deep breath, counting my speeding heart. This is the end of me, but why? what have i done? these people shouldn't come here and try to kill my Grandparents and me for no reason. The person who is behind my Grandma grabs a hold of her and drags her to her feet, then clicks the gun and places it at the back of her head. "Now i will ask you one more time, your there granddaughter correct?" i try not to show the fear on my face but it overwhelms me, with seeing my Grandma stare at me with shock and fear as well. i would say, but then what will happen? is something going to happen to me? my family? but i forget that, all i think of is Grandma and Grandpa. there love, friendship, loyalty, and long lasting pain. "Fine!" i scream. "You win, yes i am" she smiles a wide smile and nods her head to the guards. they push my Grandpa off the stage and into the crowd, then takes my Grandma and does the same. "Perfect," is all Nicole says. she takes a long look at me before nodding and then leaving the stage with her bodyguards and the other people behind her. i am still being held by Cain; i kick behind me, feel some contact and push him off. he lets me go. "Kisa!" my Dad yells as jumping onto the stage and tackling me with a hug, then Tyler and Dame. "Dad i am so sorry," i can't say anything else. my throat is dry, and i feel like crying. i hate myself for yelling after Grandma and Grandpa but i had too, what would have happened if i didn't? i don't want to find out. "You were brave, sweetheart. don't hate yourself" he kisses the top of my head and then retreats to my Mom. "Idiot!" Tyler says plopping his fist on the top of my head. the rest of the crowd has help my Grandparents and walked away back to homes, or shops. "You Bastard!" Dame says in a second and the next he's pushing Cain off the stage. Cain flies backwards and onto the ground and good two feet from the stage, but Dame fell with him. "Dame!" i jump off the stage and grab hold of him. "You ok?" i ask "Shit!" he wipes himself off and then kicks Cain in the head. "I'm fine Kisa. but you?" i just nod so the tears won't come. "You give us a warning, and then you grab hold of my sister! and help the pres!" Tyler grabs the front of Cain's shirt and hauls him up so there eye to eye. Cain doesn't say anything and just stares at me. "You'd better speak, what the hell is up with this!" "Maybe he's so scared of us, because he's a Capital person," Dame says. "What you can't handle people who used to be in the Hunger Games, huh?" Cain glances at Dame then back to me. we look at each other in the eyes like we did in the forest. Tyler get's so frustrated that he punches Cain in the face and storms off Dame kicks him and then follows beckoning for me to follow. "You got what you deserved," i start walking off but he grabs onto my leg. "I had too," i shake off his hand angry and glared at him. "You had too, oh i can totally believe that," he has a hurt expression forming on his face. "Like i could, your a Capital person, and i am a district, we can never be together!" i don't normally blush but right now i can feel the heat warming up to my cheeks. "You know what i mean!" i say and storm off. what the hell is wrong with me? I've only known him for a day, he tried to kill me. and i am having this funny feeling in my chest. i shake it off. probably anger from before. at least i hope! "What'd he have to say?" Tyler asks as i just walked through the front door. "Nothing, just i had too," i don't say anything else or listen to what they have next, i climb the stairs and shuffle my feet through my bedroom door and plopped myself onto the queen sized bed. i knew something bad was going to happen and look at what did. The Capital for over a hundred years has tortured us and made us feel pain, sorrow, fear, and hunger. and who is this Nicole person? why does Grandma and Grandpa know her? after over 30 years of peace after President Snow died why is there a new President, they don't need one if they've survived this long without one. i rub my eyes to find them wet, when did i start crying. before long i am in tears and snot is running down my nose. Crap! i wipe it all off and settle into bed before anyone noticed. a knock on the door came and then the creak of the floorboards. "Kisa!" its my Mom. "Yeah Mom?" i don't turn around afraid she will start crying again if she see's me in tears. i have to be strong. "Is everything alright?" the bed on one side falls in. "Just tired" i lie. "Ok dear" she kisses the back of my head and i hear the door close. i sigh heavily before finally falling asleep. OK so i hope you like my first chapter lol...it will get better but i wanted you to get a feel for the characters. thanxs