"Mom….." She doesn't let go. I just feel pressure of her lips on my forehead and a moist stickiness of her tears clinging to my forehead. "You're going to be fine. It one less mouth to feed so one less mouth to work for. Think of it like that. But you can't forget them." I gesture to Marnie and Rara. Only then do I notice that dad is not there. Figures… "Rara, John taught you to take grain from the District storage unit, before I could even walk. I know you don't want to get caught again but I need you to do this." "No…." says Rara just covers her ears and begins to shake her head. Don't let this-" "Nno, no, nonono-" Rara's eyes begin to shut as she continues to shake her head more violently. "- family starve-" I try to say a little louder "NO NO NO!-" I'm beginning to feel at my wits end. I don't know how to calm her. I'm anger. I'm frustrated. I'm hurt. These broken people are my family. Why didn't they volunteer for me? Why did nobody stand up? Why- SMACK! I snap out of my head fast enough to see Rara hit the floor. I look at Marnie. She looks at me and says, "We'll be fine, Nate. We'll manage, okay. Just…take care of you." In this family, she's the only one I trust to keep moving. When we were born I was positioned to leave our mother womb first, but she kicked her way out to be ahead of me giving me a black eye in the process. She's strong like that. She's not one to break down, well not that I've seen. During the war she single handly took care of our older sister. Before the war, Rara was just an ordinary girl. She never really did act older than us but she was happy. But then the war kind of broke her, but Marnie...I can trust her with this. To get rid of the pain I will cause this family when I don't come back from these games. "Marnie, sell my things, and get rid of the bed. Sell it if you can. Follow the song of "The Drinking Gourd" if the railers sing it. That song is a signal for a group borrowing. Wait until 'light out' and find Atta, she'll help you." She nods at me. "Times up." She grabs me as the guard at my door tries to hurry my mother and Rara out and whispers in my ear, "I love you.: The door opens. I turn. I see a 14 year old girl with hazel eyes and brown eyelashes hiding in the rubble. A peace keeper in front of her. There's a scythe, like the ones we use in the fields, in her hand. I run to him but before I get there he turns to me. He grabs me and the smell of plastic runs into my nose. Then a ringing sound in my ears as we both fall to the ground. Blood splatters on my face as we land in the mud. As I crawl to get from under him, I look up to that girl with her hazel eyes consumed with fear as she drops her scythe. I think, she saved me. I walk up to her and embrace. There aren't any words coming from us for the few precious seconds we have together. I just hold her and she breaks down. "Atta...it's okay. I'm here. It's okay to cry." I look down to the body lying in front of us in the mud with a dead stare on his face as his precious lifeblood drains from his body. I'd rather you shoot at tin can's in the backyard, but I know you'll go after birds. Shoot all the blue jays you want, if you can hit'em, but remember it's a sin to kill a mockingbird." -Harper Lee's "To Kill a Mockingbird" I open my eyes to a 16 year old with brown lashes and hazel eyes, crying in my arms. She's grown to be so strong. Maybe if we'd have met in another time and place, things may have been different. She breaks the embrace and wipes her eyes as she reaches into her coat pocket. "I was going to give this to you tonight," she says dropping it in my hands, "but now…" "Times up." She does it again. She kisses me. Its not a quick one like before either. It's slow and meaningful and this time I respond but just like that it's over. The peacekeeper just looks at us. I think he's too shocked for words. That's when Atta gives me one last glance and walks out. In my hand is a ring. It's been a few minutes now. I don't think anyone else is coming. That's when he shows up. "Natalie." "Dad." Silence. Again. He stands there until he gets the nerve to walk over to me and sits down next to me on the couch. "So...this is it." "Yep." "I saw that Atta girl walk out of here." "Yeah, she came to say goodbye." We pause. I watch him try to find words. "You two are close...Real close." I glare at him. "How did you know?" "Hey girly, I know you don't think I know you, but don't forget I helped raise you. You two have been too close before you even realized it. " I can't help but smile. "Look I know that I haven't been there for you or your mom since John died but I want you to know...I tried." "I know…" "Times up" "Alright girly. I guess this is goodbye." "Hey dad." He turns around. I watch him study my face as I look for words. "Fuck'em." I tell him. I turn to look at the peace keeper at the door. "FUCK. THEM. ALL." That when I see it. A smile creeping on my father's face as he walk out.