are, and behind us, Crow stands with his three fingers out toward her, and all around us, everyone is doing the same in a huge wave of hands. It's overwhelming, that sign, that deep feeling, as far as the eye can see. Crow must have been planning this beforehand, because how else would so many people know? I'm afraid and excited all at once. Beside me, Zaley pushes her three fingers out too. I'm thinking of Thresh and Rue and we're all thinking of everyone who died in Eleven and how Katniss made those people matter again. Yes, we love her. Caught up in the flood of emotion, I don't let myself be afraid of the consequences that will come later. I let go of Zaley's hand and put my fingers to my lips. I hold them out for Katniss like she did for Rue. And then, a little less certainly, Anise grips my hand tighter and does the same. I can see us, all of us now, on the screen, Mama doing it too, and Thresh's sister and his Granny with their three fingers out, even Lily, who doesn't understand what's going on, has put her hand up to Katniss. I don't get a chance to see what Katniss thinks of this, because the screens suddenly go black. Punishment time is here; fear has come for us. The crowd knows it; I can feel their tension and hear them murmuring behind me. What will happen now? "We've got to get out of here, now." Mama says quietly. I see the white uniforms pushing through the crowd. It's going to be bad. People are starting to force their way, looking like a hive of brown bees. Mama grabs me and I try to grab the others. we're going to have to hold onto each other tightly to not get lost. We're too late to get away. The crowd's too thick and chaotic. From where we are, we can see everything clearly. They've got Crow by the arms and they're dragging him forward. He's fighting but he's one and they're many and they have the whips and guns. It's the end for him. I knew it would be, but watching, I just don't believe it. "No!" Zaley screams, pulling my arm, trying to get to him. I don't let her go, but I can't make her turn away. She watches in wide-eyed horror as they push Crow down on his knees. The shot is louder than I could have imagined. It chokes our breathing and makes our hearts stop right there. Annie's crying hard, holding tight to my shirt. I think she peed when the shot was fired. Nan screams again and again. I drag Zaley away into the crowd. Lily! What about Lily? There she is, holding onto Mama's other hand. We all hang onto each other as the panicked crowd rips at us from all sides. We're all just trying to find family and get away. I can hear more shots, I feel them ripping the air. We're all trying to get ahead of the next person so we won't be the next one to get a bullet in the back. Nandina won't stop her screaming, screaming, screaming. I follow my Mama blindly, holding Zaley and An as tight as I can. Zaley's sobbing too, now, swearing at the Capitol. We'll never get out of here, not all six of us. But the Victor's Village is just a bit ahead. "Mama, Victor's Village!" I yell. She can barely hear me and she doesn't understand at first. I have to yell it again and again before she says, "Right!" and pulls us toward the gate. It takes a few terrifying minutes before we can even get close. I try to shield Zaley and Annie and I get slammed up against the Village fence a couple times. Finally, we get through the gate, and Mama hugs all of us in her arms. She tries to talk calmly to Nan, who just keeps crying and crying with her face all scrunched up. These are the houses that are actually houses. Seeder lives in one of them. I know her, kind of. Most houses in Eleven are actually just shacks. What would it be like to live in a house like this? There's less of a crowd here and we can finally breathe. We'll have to stand on this path and wait for a while as people find there way out. I'd rather rush home like the rest of them, but with so many of us, we just can't do it. I can see that some other big families had the same idea. We're all just huddled in groups, waiting, scared to be standing still like targets with the angry Peacekeepers on our backs, but there's no choice. Lily's confused and keeps asking questions. She wants to know what just happened, why was there a loud noise. "Mama, Annie peed. What was the noise, Mama? What was the noise?" she says, and Mama tells her to be quiet now and she'll answer her later. Zaley pulls away from the rest of us. She's crying and shaking her head. "We can't keep going on like this," she says, looking up at us with her watery, stunned eyes. "It has to stop. Something has to change." "Azalea, be quiet!" Mama looks around to make sure there aren't any Peacekeepers to hear her. "You will get us killed, do you understand? Did you see what just happened?" Zaley just keeps shaking her head., not even bothering to wipe away the tears. She can't believe we're all going to just let it happen. "It has to change," she says again. And she's right, I think. Things today feel different. This has been going on for so long. I feel something that's been building up. We don't want to keep going on like this; we can't. Something's different now than it has been before. It has to change.