saying my name - even a small part of it - was like a drug. It relaxed you and relieved you of any senses. Once one of female medics put another gel on my arm and finally finished cleaning my wound, the head medic came back and put some cooling gel on top of it, sprayed some random stuff on top of that, and to wrap it all of up he wrapped a light blue cloth around my arm. "It should be fully healed by the day after tomorrow. Don't take anything off until at least midnight tonight though, you wouldn't want to risk anything." The head medic told me, grinning as if he cured every starving person in the world. These Capitol people...are they always this happy and insane!? I want to go back home and live in peace, that is all I want at this point in time. Like a little girl, I want to run home with the monsters far away at bay. "Thank you." I said, as the medic clowns all disassembled and left the area to just me and Cato. "Should we get back to the dinner?" "Nah, it will be over soon and what's the point? Let's go back to our dorms before we get in trouble. Don't worry, I'll walk you there." It's as if he saw right through me. Being alone wasn't an option I preferred right now. I don't know why, but I feel myself becoming weaker and weaker. "You don't have to." I said, not liking him speaking about me as such a weak girl, even though I believe it to be true. "I want to." he responded, my heart willing-fully skipping a beat. As we got up and walked down the many hallways and up a glass elevator, an awkward silence consuming the air around us, we finally made it to my dorm's level. I opened the door and rather than saying goodbye, Cato let himself in. Instantly, I panicked. "You can't do that! What if Cashmere or Gloss sees!? Or that weird escort Capitol woman!?" "They're at their own dinner for the next half hour. I got time till I have to escape." He walked up closer to me, making me more nervous and freezing in place. He quietly shut the door behind him and began looking around. "It pretty much looks like my dorm, only a tiny bit more luxurious. I am a bit jealous. Show me to your room." Without asking a question, I led him to my room. "Ahhh, so this is Glim's room. Same as mine, only you have the walls and windows set at some snowy mountain. Why?" "Snow is beautiful and the cold is numbing, something I wish I could feel these past few days and all through next week." I answered honestly, walking closer to the wall and putting my right hand on it. It was still a warm wall, a reminder of the reality I was in and the only opportunity of feeling nothing only possible in the worst way - death, a numbness I didn't want to experience for a long time. "Well, why feel nothing? You should want to feel reality around you until your last final moments, whether it end here or in the arena. Wouldn't you regret that at death?" "At this point, I'm not sure. In my mind, I've been dead since before my name was called. I somehow knew this day would come, and of course it did so soon. I am still a career, one of the toughest out their, but I still feel I'm not ready." "Is anyone ever really?" His response surprised me, but before I could question it he continued on "Though, by knowing that this day would come...you must mean that you'd be with such an awesome guy like myself?" I turned around giggled. Again, he was lightening the mood. When you first meet the intimidating young man named Cato, anything kind or endearing doesn't come from his aura, rather quite the opposite; death, killer, merciless, cold, hateful, spiteful, etc. Happiness leaves the room and panic arises Yet, here he was...making me laugh. "Aren't you a narcissist?" I said. "In all the best ways, yep." he responded, laying down on my bed. He motioned me with his hand to come closer, and so I did. I couldn't help but feel a weird comfort with him. As I laid down on my bed, I couldn't help but look over at him. He was so enormous compared to my tiny body. My hand was like a hundred times smaller than his. I feel as if he were to simply pinch my skin, I'd die. He was the ultimate fighter I've ever seen, yet why did none of this scare me as much as it used to? "Glimmer, we're allies. Just know you can trust me. Believe it or not, I won't be the death of you. You just may be the death of me." I tilted my head, confused. You just may be the death of me. It made me feel secure, confused, sad, and guilty all at the same time. What does he mean by that exactly? Why does he have to be the one to die, let alone because of me? Hell, why do either one of us have to die? We locked eyes, no words being said, my left hand moving over to his right hand and without question both became intertwined. AUTHOR'S NOTE: Yep, awkward start. It wasn't the best written chapter by any means, nor was it a great beginning. I had to pick up the pace a bit quicker because the real story starts in the games. I am not going to jump into it immediately, but pretty soon. From now on, I will try to not rush this. Please review and critique, I would love to hear what you have to say. However, if you are a rude Clato fan...I'm sorry this is Glato.