happen if I didn't come." I wait for Finnick to respond, but he is silent. "So I went with them," I continue. "Because I didn't want anything bad to happen to you… They locked my up in a cell." I do my best to skim over the morbid details as I describe the horrid nightmare that had become my life. "It was very dark inside and moldy, so sometimes it was hard to breathe. They brought me food and water in the beginning… "But after a while, the guards got tired of me asking about you… where you were, if you were safe. They told me… they told me… they had killed you." My voice breaks on the last word and Finnick's face hardens. "Because you wouldn't give them any answers. They told me that you weren't being cooperative with the Capitol, even though they were trying to help you. I know now that it was all a lie… but the despair I felt then…" I draw in a ragged breath. "I thought I was dead." "Shh. It's okay, Annie. It's okay. I'm right here." "Yes," I gasp. "I'm alright now, though." I watch Finnick's face carefully as he breaks the bread into tiny pieces for me. Unlike the soup, it is still warm and melts in my mouth. "What's that?" I ask, pointing at the little rope twined around his wrist. Finnick tugs on the end and the figure eight loosens, falling into his lap. "Just something to keep my hands occupied." I nod, watching him tie a knot. Everyone from District 4 knows to do this, but Finnick does it so quickly, my eyes can barely keep up. He pulls out the complicated sailor's knot in a single motion and stuffs the rope into his pocket. His hands shift to mine, toying with my fingers. Finnick talks about District 13. How different it sounds from District 4 or the Capitol. I would have never believed it was real until I set foot on it today. After all these years… He talks about the rebellion and the Districts that have refused to surrender to the Capitol. I listen with interest. Everything seems so far away, like I've been living under a rock for the past few weeks… which isn't necessarily untrue. I listen to Finnick's voice intently; the melodic flow and ebb of his speech. I think about how much I've missed it; how I never thought I would hear it again. Too painful. I don't think I could have fared much longer without him. It seems like we're only talking for minutes before a nurse comes around, checking up on everyone. She draws back the curtain and frowns. "You should get to your room, Finnick," she says. "It's lights out soon for the hospital wing." "Alright." Finnick grins mischievously. "Annie, love, would you like to go to my room?" The nurse clears her throat. "Miss Cresta is supposed to stay overnight here… at least for the first few nights." "Then I'm afraid I'm stuck here for a few nights." Finnick brushes his finger across my cheek, not paying her the least bit of attention. "Finnick," she says pointedly. "Helaine," he repeats, mocking her patronizing tone. He loses it and breaks a smile. In a softer voice, smooth as the sea, he says, "Please. You know I can't leave her." Perhaps Finnick gets special privileges since, as he told me, he is officially branded as being mentally unstable. Either that or the nurses have realized they're dealing with the most stubborn man in District 4. Nurse Helaine sighs and sweeps out from beneath the curtain, muttering something pessimistic under her breath. I hear her ducking into the other little compartments, only separated by the thick grey curtain that surrounds my little bed and nightstand. It's been so long since I've slept on an actual bed. The material feels undeniably soft and I feel myself marveling at how comfortable the pillow feels beneath my head. I'm not sure if I ever really slept in my cell. I remember drifting in and out of consciousness, never really knowing if I was awake or asleep or alive. And then there were the nightmares or the voices, both equally horrible. They never discriminated against consciousness; they could appear at any moment, racking my frail body with anguish. And the screams… I force my eyes open. I'm afraid the nightmares will ensue if I give into my exhaustion. Instead I focus on Finnick's face, trying to store every little detail in my mind. This becomes rather difficult, as does the mighty task of staying awake, when the Helaine flicks off the light. Finnick must feel me tense up next to him because he takes my face gently in his warm hand and whispers, "What's wrong?" "It's dark." I shake my head. "Just… scared." "Of what?" "The nightmares… screaming." My hands automatically reach up to block my ears. Finnick carefully removes them. Then he kisses me in earnest so thoroughly, it all but evaporates my fear. "I won't let anything hurt you ever again," he vows. "I'll keep the nightmares away, even if I have to stay awake all night. It would be a pleasure to stay awake all night, as long as I get to be with you." I tremble against his side. "Don't you trust me?" "Of course I do," I whisper. "Then please try and get some sleep. Helaine will try to chase me away if I keep all the patients up talking." He laughs quietly. "I promise I'll always be right here, love." "Okay," I agree. I snuggle up to Finnick and lay my head on his shoulder in the darkness. Definitely preferable to the pillow. He throws a sheet over us so that I don't get cold. "Sweet dreams, Annie," he murmurs, kissing my hair. "Good night," I reply. I'm not sure if I say it aloud. It's hard to distinguish reality from dreams as I drift off into oblivion.