it. I pull my face away from Peeta's chest and look at him in his eyes. "Better?" He asks softly. I nod, and continue to stare at his face. "What?" He asks after a while. "It's-it's just that… you never answered my question." The puzzled look on his face makes me smile. "Why did you come back?" I ask. He sighs and closes his eyes. Thinking deeply about the question. "You." He simply says with his eyes still closed. "You, and a lot of other reasons. I was still very confused at that time. And I needed answers. About my life here in 12, and about what I had with you." He opens his eyes and looks at me again. "Why didn't you ever ask me?" I question. If he wanted answers about us, all that he had to do was ask me. "Because I came up with the answers on my own." He smiles. "And they are…?" I really do want to know. He chuckles and sits us both up so that we face each other. "I realized, after you told me, that you were terrified of losing things that you loved. Real or not real?" Ah, so this again. "Real." I say. But that was obvious. "I also realized, that you had always cared about me, and that's why you couldn't love me. You couldn't stand to lose one more thing and feel the hurt of it. Especially when we were in the circumstances that we were in. There was also Gale, and the threats of Snow that stopped you as well. You thought that it was the Capitol's idea for us to be together, not your own. And if you agreed, then you were agreeing with the Capitol. And then, all hell broke loose. We went into another arena, and didn't see each other again until after I had been hijacked. Then there was a rebellion, and you never had the chance to think about what you wanted because everybody else was telling you." He stops and studies my face. I must look absolutely shocked because he chuckles again. "Real or not real?" Real. Definitely real. But how could he know all of that? I didn't even know all of that. "Real." I whisper and he smiles, proud of himself for figuring me out. "But… wait." I continue, still dizzy from everything that Peeta had just said. "How-how did you know that?" "Katniss," he says softly and places my hands into his. "I've been studying you since we were five years old. I'm bound to pick up on things." I stare at our hands and consider that. I'm stunned when I realize that he knows me better than I know myself. And realizing that I never want to be apart from the these hands, and these arms, and these eyes, and these lips. My eyes travel to his face again. "You know, I'm still terrified of losing everything I love." I say while looking at him. He gently places his hand on my cheek and stares into my eyes. "I'm not going anywhere." As I look back at him, into his beautiful blue eyes that seem to be able to pierce my soul, I see it. I see the boy who threw me the bread. I see the boy who got me through our first arena. The boy who protected me from my nightmares each night on the train. Who vowed to keep me alive in our second arena and who refused to let me give up. The boy who continues to protect me and get me through each day, no matter how painful it is. And I see a man who will stay with me forever. Who will be there with me until the day I die. I see my… husband. I gulp as I think of the word. I never thought that I would have that. But I as stare at Peeta, I know that is who he is: my future husband. And it doesn't scare me. I place my hand on top of his and grab the other side of his face to pull him closer to me. We rarely kiss. We usually only use them to comfort each other. Not as a sign as love. But this time is different. And he knows it too. I lean in and softly kiss his lips. I feel him smile and I can't help but do the same. This feels so right. Our kisses continue and I feel that thing again, that hunger that overtook me in our cave and on our beach. The kisses continue to get deeper and slower and the warmth that started in my chest now spreads throughout my entire body. I know it's time when his kisses move from my mouth to my neck. I gasp when he reaches my collarbone. That seems to startle him. Both of us have never experienced this before. He looks at me with concern, but I grab his face and start kissing him again, letting him know that I am fine. I lie down and pull him on top of me, keeping the kisses going. I'm nervous. Definitely. And I can tell that he is nervous too by the way his hands are shaking while he's moving them up and down my waist. But we both want this. We need this. So, we give in. And experience things well beyond what we knew were possible. After, he holds me in his arms and kisses my forehead. His hand moves back to my face. He stares at me and whispers, "You love me. Real or not real?" Again, I look into his penetrating blue eyes, and I know without a shadow of doubt. I love Peeta Mellark. I always have. I kiss his palm and whisper back, "Real." The smile on his face matches my own, and he leans down to kiss me again. PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE REVIEW AND FAVORITE! Let me know what you think!