my family members' faces. They are probably wondering "why did he volunteer? He was safe." I will probably not live long enough to know the answer to that myself. "Let's hear it for Matthew Burtonio!" she squeals. To my undying gratitude, the whole district stands sullen and silent. I cheer for them in my head for not giving in to the Capitol by applauding. Prisindia is puzzled momentarily, but she recovers and walks over to the female tribute bowl. She pulls out a slip. "Audrey Shrugofkredit" she calls. A girl from the 17 year old female section starts towards the stage. As she climbs the steps, I scan the crowd once more. I catch Kendal's eye, and see what…gratitude? Disappointment? I look over to the 18 year old Female section, and notice Melissa is standing an arm's length away from Kendal on the opposite side of the ropes. I keep watching, and spot a strange glint in her eyes. Before I can puzzle over it, Prisindia shouts "Do we have any volunteers for Audrey?" I look over at the girls' side. Nobody would volunteer. Why would they? Then it hits me a moment too late. Melissa once told me that were I to get reaped, she would volunteer if she were not chosen as well. Before I can catch Kendal's eye and gesture towards her, she shouts "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" Bloody. Heck. Dammit. A million words rush to my head. My Melissa. Sweet, gentle, mature, innocent, beautiful Melissa. She volunteered. It was bad enough that I was going into the Hunger Games. Now I need to work to get her out of the Arena alive. Bloody. Heck. First Grant and Kendal show up to say goodbye. As soon as they're in the door, Kendal grabs the front of my shirt and pushes me up against the wall. "WHY?" he demands. "You were safe!" "I wanted you to be free." I say simply. Neither of them says another word. Kendal grabs me in a crushing hug before half-running out the door. Grant lingers a moment longer, then grabs my hand and shakes it. He then raced after Kendal. Next in was my family. Little Lucas ran at me. "MATT, YOU GOTTA WIN!" he shouted tearfully. I smiled sadly. "Lucas…I'm not going to be coming back." "Whyyyyy?!" he wails. "Because…I volunteered to save a life. And I can save another if I lose." "Noooo!" he cries. "I want you home with us! Please please please please! Come back home to us." I gently lift him up off the floor and hand him to mom. She tearfully repeats the same plea. I hug all of them, and tell them "I can't win. There are 23 other tributes. And if I have my druthers, Melissa is going to be the victor." "Why, Matt?" asks Edmund(Or is it Edward? It's hard to keep the twins apart) "Because. I was waiting to announce it until after the reaping, but things didn't go as planned. She and I have been dating. I love her enough that I'd rather die than have her dead." Everyone in the room bows their head in silence. Just as George clears his throat to speak, a Peacekeeper steps in. "Time's up folks" he says. I give them all hugs and they file somberly out. I think I'm all done with visitors, but then one more shows up: Audrey Shrugofkredit. "Please, you've got to not kill Melissa, she gave me another shot at life! I'm just a whiny brat and I really don't do much but she took away her future and gave me another chance at my own. Please, don't kill her." She begs. I stare at her. "I'm not in it to win it. I'm in it to die. Your goal and my goal are the same. We both want her safety as far as we can ensure it." She nods. "Okay, well. Remember that once you're in there. Please. I'm a useless girl who isn't really worth the time it takes to teach me something, because I'm not smart enough and I have a temper a-" I raise my hand, cutting her off. "You're special just like she is, and I want you to know that. You promise ME that you'll stop being so hard on yourself. You're not as useless as you make yourself out to be." She pauses for a moment, then considers. "It's a deal, Matt." she says. I'm unprepared for what she does next, which is to rush up to me and hug me tightly. Prying her arms off, I look down at her face. "Take care, Audrey. And don't give up. Else I'll come haunt you afterwards." I joke. She lightly punches my shoulder and breezes out of the room. I realize now that I don't have a token to take with me. Doesn't matter, I suppose. I'm not going to win anyways. Although I wish I had one regardless. The door opens and three peacekeepers in their white uniforms arrive to escort me to the train station. I regard them with pity almost, as I can see two of them are ill-at-ease with their task. "If it makes it easier, I can cartwheel to the station" I joke. They chuckle. "Nah, don't want to damage you." one remarks. We walk to the station, and we reach the high-speed rail to the Capitol. "Have a great ride, sonny" one says. "And." he says, leaning in closer "I'll be betting on you. You can win." "Thanks sir, but I won't win. I'd bet on someone else." I say, and then step towards the train. I'm off to the Hunger Games, something I never was supposed to be a part in. Life ain't perfect I guess. The train doors slam behind me. There's no turning back. End note: Hope you enjoyed my little pet hobby. Reviews and critiques are welcome. Any suggestions for further development are welcome, as the story isn't planned out! Just improv. :D