majority of the tributes chosen are 16 or 17. We stand in the train, only the hushed cries or whispered "I love you" fill the train. Not it's usual bounty of conversation that takes place. We head towards the hob in charge of hovercrafts. Since the population of District 6 outgrew the square and the kids couldn't all fit, so it got moved to the hovercraft hob since it was a wide open area with more than enough room for all the kids. The adults who don't have kids go to the square, though, a large screen has been set up there where they can watch the Reaping live. The hob has a large stage set up near the entrance of it with bright banners strung up around the hob. Large pillars have been placed up around the building so that film crews can be perched up on them, capturing every moment of the Reaping. There is two roped off sections in front of the stage, one for the males and one for the females. I sign in, give Clauria and Michelle one last hug, then walk to the males section, filing in around the middle where the other 16-year-olds stand. I watch as Clauria and Michelle find their spots. After that, it is a waiting game. More and more kids walk into the roped sections as the parents stand around them. Their eyes fixated on their child, praying for them to be spared another year. Wealthy and poor alike clinging to each other, offering support to one another. Up on the stage is the mayor, along with Volumnia Ballantynn, and the five victors of District 6. The mayor steps up to the podium once the clock strikes Two. He is a skinny older man who always wears a hat. He talks about before the Dark Days. How The world was devastated by droughts, floods, fires, and disease. How that wars waged for the little supplies that remained and destroyed everything. But then Panem rose from the ashes. He talks about the uprising that took place so many years ago, how District 13 was destroyed and the Treaty of Treason was signed to ensure that nothing like that would happen again. How every year the districts would offer in tribute, one young male, and female to be given to the Capitol. There they would fight to the death on live television. As sick as it was, it was genius. Have the districts kill each other and make everyone watch. Who would want to align themselves with a district that killed so many of their children? And if no one wants to align then no rebellion is started. But people like me, my sisters, and my brother were the casualties of this plan. Twenty-three every year. He then goes through the list of victors District 6 has, five of them, all of whom are still alive. The victors stand and give a quick wave or bow to the crowds as we clap. Then it is time for the two to be picked. Volumnia walks with stride to the podium. Her long blue hair has been style upwards and outwards, looking like a massive mountain on her head. A long ruffled dress makes her look like she is wearing a rose upside down on herself. She also sports large wooden armbands. Though I don't care for any of the escorts, Volumnia is someone I am proud to have. I have seen the other escorts on TV, they are all giddy idiots. Volumnia looks like a goddess of war, it gave our district a little more attention. "Welcome," She stares at the crowds, "To the 72nd Annual Hunger Games." I can feel my palms fill with cool sweat, my breathing more shaky as I try to control it to be more calm. I know that if I am chosen I need to show that I am strong and calm. The kids who break down or try to run away are usually targeted in the games, and if they make it far no one wants to sponsor them since they are deemed as a loser from the start. "Two of you will have the privilege of representing District 6 in the Hunger Games," Volumnia continues, "First up, the ladies." I glance over at Clauria and Michelle who stand, their eyes staring at the stage. Waiting to see what name is read out. Volumnia digs into the massive bowl of names, some even spilling over the top and onto the floor from how overly filled it is. She snatches one deep within the bowl and holds it up for all to see as she walks to the stage. "Petro Linvsgitty," Volumnia calls out. I let out a sigh of relief. Clauria is safe another year and Michelle has survived, she was 18 and this was her last eligible year to be picked. I glance over at Michelle who looks dazed, the other 18-year-olds around her celebrate for surviving and now being free from the threat of the games. I see Petro walk down the isle towards the stage. Her red hair cascades down onto her pale shoulders. She is younger, maybe 14 or 15. But I remember her in the hospital once, her parents both being doctors. She walks onto the stage, obviously holding back her tears. "And now for the boys," Volumnia says. I can feel my whole body tense up as I watch. See her fingers grab the first slip of paper that they come in contact with. Again holding the paper up for all to see as she walks back to the podium. All the people around me seem to take a collective breath as we wait anxiously for the reveal of what poor male is going to be called up to participate. Volumnia opens the slip of paper and takes a breath in before reading the name on the paper. "Remus Kirkwood," She calls out. It's me...She calls out my name.