chatted. There were two other girls we hung out with on occasion, and they were too busy talking to their boyfriends before they were forced to split up. We also talked to a boy our age by the name of Bugsy. His name was actually Kettington, and I'd never been able to figure out how you devise Bugsy from Kettington, but I never pushed the subject. He blushed bright red every time I brought it up. Bugsy was actually the person who had caused my first and only fight with my best friend. For a while, she had been after him when we were 14 and raging with hormones, but he had turned down her advances. When asked why, he exclaimed that he liked me instead, and she had refused to talk to me for weeks. I highly doubted what he said was true, however, as he never brought it up again. It was more than likely just an excuse to not be used by the highly promiscuous Summer. A few months after the whole fiasco, however, we all made up, and are three best friends to the day. I also said a small prayer that Bugsy nor Tobias would be reaped today as the ceremony began. District 10's escort, Cavannah Featherquill, greeted us as she took the stage of our justice building, a tall, grey building that had our district seal above the doors. The mayor and District 10's two mentors sat on the stage. The mentors' names were Amandla and Ven. While I never personally knew them, they both had a reputation around here. They lived in Victor's Village, and most of the time, they were reclusive. Ven had won his games by playing the weak kid, refusing to fight back during training when he was picked on. However, he was surprisingly strong and cunning in his Games, and even managed to outsmart the Careers. He was a dark-skinned man with a bald head and a protruding belly from overeating and drinking alcohol, probably. He had never been a really attractive man, and he looked even worse now as he was approaching his mid forties. Amandla, on the other hand, proved how tough she was from the get-go. She trained hard, letting other people know she was a threat. She was spunky, fierce, and short to top it all off. She had vibrant red hair with bright green eyes and pale skin, reminding me slightly of my father. She was the nicer and younger one of the two, as well as the more attractive, if we were comparing looks. She had won her Games by fighting tooth and claw to the victory. Her win had been more recent than Ven's. I think she was in her late twenties. As I watched Cavannah cross the stage in her huge platform heels, my feet hurt just looking at them. Ven was dressed in a silky green suit while Amandla wore a complementary dress of green with emeralds sown along the bodice. She looked radiant and natural, very unlike Cavannah. The differences were almost comical. Why did Capitol people wear stuff like that? Following the Capitol's fashions in more than just her choice of footwear, Cavannah wore her hair in a short bob, dyed bright white. Her dark skin was a sharp contrast to her hair, and her lips, and practically all of her clothing. The only things that appeared natural were her warm mocha eyes and skin. Her white dress had several layers of ruffles and it ended just before her knee. The ruffles appeared to be a different material than the dress itself, as they shined and sparkled in the light as she turned her body. She was a pretty lady, and for the most part, she wasn't a terrible person, but I found myself being appalled just because of the fact that she was from the Capitol, and she had probably never known what it was like to be so hungry that you cried yourself to sleep. Soon, Cavannah was giving the speech about the rebellion, and why it was necessary that the Hunger Games were implemented. She droned on for a while in the clickity accent that made my ears hurt. It was nothing like the accents around here; sweet, smooth, and connected. Cavannah's speech was terse, staccato, and separated. Harsh to the listener's ears. After her speech, the obligatory video began rolling of President Snow talking about the rebellion, totally not the same thing we'd just heard. At this point, I was getting bored, even more so than usual, and I glanced to see that Summer was mouthing words to her newest boy toy, giving him eyes as well. I had the feeling that she hadn't paid attention to any of this. I didn't blame her, though. I was bored out of my mind. When at last the ceremony was over, the video ended with the Panem anthem playing, then the screen went blank. My heart rate instantly rose exponentially as Cavannah made her way over to the giant glass bowl that held my name more times than I'd like for it to. I duly wondered if Summer had signed up for as much tesserea as me. For a few painful moments, Cavannah made a few little comments about ladies going first, but I couldn't hear her over the blood pounding in my ears. I was more nervous for this Reaping than I had ever been, and I had no idea why. My palms were sweaty as I clenched my fists together, watching the Distict 10 escort fish around in the bowl like a cat does to a pond before her finely manicured nails pulled out a slip of white paper. Frolicking over to the microphone with a huge smile on her lips, she unfolded the slip, a pause that seemed to take eternity, before she said a name that I recognized, but didn't react. Couldn't react. The name was Spring Farlane. She'd said my name.