for you, and I owe you so much. You deserve this. You also deserve to find someone as amazing as Peeta to make you as happy as I am." This hit me like a tonne of fucking bricks. "Which is why I want to introduce you to my cousin Gale. You guys would seriously get on like a house on fire." The last thing I wanted to do was hook up with someone else while I was pining after Peeta. But maybe, just maybe, it might make him jealous. Peeta could be pretty territorial when he wanted to be. "Gale sounds nice." But then there was the whole maid of honour thing. What the fuck was I supposed to say? Oh, I'm in love with your fiance but of course I'll run around after you on your wedding day like a little slave and watch you two be perfectly sweet and in love. Sounds like a hell of a lot more fun than just being bitter in the background and getting drunk. "What about being my maid of honour? Please?" Delly was looking at me like I was the best person in the world at that moment, and it made me feel like shit. "Oh, uh, I don't know Dells.." I said quietly, about to suggest one of her other close friends. "Please Katniss! It would mean so much to me!" It broke my heart how hopeful she looked, so I just blurted out the first words that flew into my head. "Sure." I got home that day to an incredibly welcome sight; Peeta shirtless. Baking my favourite cheese buns. "Hey." I tried to sound casual, but the word came out as more of an exhale. If he noticed, Peeta didn't draw any attention to it. He turned around and his eyebrows furrowed together. Shit. He had clearly noticed the deep, grey bags underneath my eyes. That day had been one of the most stressful days of my life. Between Delly and the whole maid of honour fiasco and unexpected clients showing up looking for extra supplies of herbal remedies to last them through my two well-earned days off, I had gotten completely exhausted and run down. It wasn't like I could afford to turn them away, though. I needed to save for Peeta's wedding present and enough air-fare to go and visit Prim over the Summer, and I had begrudgingly accepted the extra business. "Are you okay?" he asked, looking genuinely concerned. I waved him off and quickly changed the subject. "I have news." I tried to sound enthusiastic, but my voice came out slightly cold. His face lit up slightly, but I could still see concern in his stunningly blue eyes. "Oh? What's that?" "Well, Peeta Mellark, I am now officially your soon-to-be wife's maid of honour!" I had managed to get my voice under control for this, saying it in a sickeningly sweet voice. Peeta seemed to consider this. He looked a little but dumbstruck, and not necessarily in a good, shocked with excitement way. More of an 'I'm not really happy with this but I better pretend I am' way. If that look exists. He reached up to scratch the back of his neck. "Oh, that's- that's great, Kat." He gave me a half-hearted smile and expected me to buy it. "Hey, what's wrong?" I asked, my mind racing with a thousand possibilities. He could know about my feelings. He might not want me to be involved in the wedding. The list went on and on. "Oh.. Nothing, I just.." He trailed off, leaving me petrified. "Spit it out, Mellark." I winked at him and tried to go for light-hearted, but it felt forced and unconvincing. He flinched slightly at my tone, knowing I was trying to be enthusiastic, when clearly there was something bothering me too. He shook his head, as if to clear his thoughts, and waved me off. "Nothing. Just tired, I guess." I raised an eyebrow at him, but didn't attempt to push the subject any further. I was still worried, but that was the thing about Peeta; if he didn't want to talk about something, the only way to make him talk was to give him time and gentle persuasion. For someone who was so in touch with his emotions, he could be pretty closed off when he wanted to be. I suddenly realised how close he was standing to me, and how much I wanted to kiss him. Heat was practically radiating off of his still bare chest, but a shiver ran down my spine in response to his closeness. Our almost-kiss from the other night came into my mind, making a spark ignite in my lower abdomen, spreading what felt like liquid fire throughout my veins. Suddenly, something snapped in my head and made me jerk away from his intense stare. Without even looking at him, I could sense Peeta tensing and taking a deep breath. I could have sworn I heard him mutter a string on curses under his breath, but I couldn't be sure. Peeta never swore. "So I'm going to bed." I completely disregarded the fact that it was only seven-thirty in the evening and still partially bright outside. "Yeah.. Yeah, so am I. G'night." He swept past me and headed towards his bedroom, seemingly muttering to himself. And that's when I broke down in tears. Ever since we were teenagers, when we had to leave each other, whether it was to go home or go to bed, we always hugged goodbye. Always. But tonight, he had just completely forgotten about it. Completely forgotten about me. A/N. So yeah, hungover again, blah blah blah.. This isn't going to be long, probably three chapters at the most that will be about the same length/possibly longer than this. I don't have the time or patience to write 5,000 words at a time, and I can be a bit of a procrastinator. So reviews make me smile. mwah x