numb, indifferent part only wished Coin's death had been slower and more torturous. "Why?" She didn't have to think twice before answering. "She didn't deserve to live. Not when she'd helped taken them away." Haymitch didn't say anything when she stumbled on his doorstep. Instead, he only waved his hand at the bottle on the table. The alcohol burnt fiercely at the root of her mouth and it tasted so bitter that she wanted to gag the liquid all out. But at the same time, Katniss could feel numbness, could feel everything faded away. Including those memories. And it felt so surreal that she was almost sure those events were just nightmare. So Katniss decided to chug the whole bottle down. She woke up, screaming and sweating. There were footsteps rushing toward her room and the door opened, revealing a worried Peeta. And for a fleeting moment, she'd hoped that it would be him ... Katniss was the Mockingjay, the face of Second Revolution, hope of the rebels. One should think she knows hope better than anyone does. She did. She knew hope would only lead to greater disappointment. She knew that it wasn't like in those propos or the flowery speeches. Because something just couldn't be changed. And if you keep your expectation high, it will only make the result more sour. She'd learnt it the hard way .:. Rosemary .:. She knelt down, her legs dug further into yellow, warm sand; her face pressed against the cold, gray stone. It was a cold December day, but since this was Four, it wasn't so cold as it used to be at Twelve. She didn't tell anyone, but she missed him. There were no one left to tell anyway. Peeta would have asked if Katniss was in love with Finnick, and no, she didn't want to answer that question, she didn't want to face it - not yet anyway. Haymitch wouldn't even understand. Gale would make some insulting comments, and she didn't need any of that right now. So no, she could tell no one. Katniss missed him, she did. She never told anyone, but she remembered his exaggerated flirting and his seductive comments - all to make her laugh. She remembered his warmth, engulfing her and soothing her whenever she needed. She remembered his eyes, sea-green colour bored right into her soul and brought out her deepest secrets, lying under so many layers that Katniss herself didn't even know. These memories lived in her. They made her who she was. So, everyday since that Second Revolution, she went to visit his grave. She didn't bring flowers, save for the humble rosemary, because they would attract attention, and while the Capitol's heartthrob was everything but humble, she knew Finnick Odair didn't really like these looks people gave him. She went here every year without fail, not on his birthday, not on the day he'd died, because there wouldn't be any time alone. She visited him on the Reaping Day instead - a reminder of what he had to sacrifice his life for. She brought nothing, but her tears, and sorrow, along with her bleeding heart. It had been three years, three years, and she wanted to cry even more. So here she was. In front of the stone resembled him. She'd walked a long road, watching and bearing enough scars on her back. This was just another loss. The wetness on her cheeks soaked her, and she realized they were her tears. No raindrop could be so warm and regretful like that. Water fell down her face, dancing and singing a song of rain, and she titled her head just the slightest. She wanted the rain to wash away the pain, the shame, the fear, the regret... Katniss sobbed and curled into a small ball. "I'm sorry... You shouldn't have had to die like that..." There was a stillness in the air. Tears poured out more, mixing with the raindrops, her frail frame shook from sobs after sobs. She tossed the flower angrily, her hand curling up. Tight fist came up, pounding and punching repeatedly at the stone, the rough material scraping her smooth skin, blood trailed down her fingers. "You promise you would protect me from these nightmare!" Another punch, and the tombstone didn't crumble under her fury. "You said you would be there!" Waves after waves crashed on the shore, white foam fizzing and covering the sand before it disappeared into thin air. "You liar !" Her voice cracked. Dried eyes looked around, taking everything in her throbbing vision, and Katniss smiled sadly. Because there were only raindrops on her face. She'd run out of tear. "Finnick Jr." - She gave a shaky laugh. - "your son, Finn." She paused tentatively. "He is growing up so well." She laughed again. "Annie is very proud of him. He is an excellent swimmer, or so I've heard." Silence. "Finn..." "Do you think - do you ever think what would happen if we had a child?" Her hand traced the stone slowly, engraved every curves and every detail in her mind. "He or she would be so beautiful..." A ghost of a smile gazed her feature. "With those sea-green eyes of yours..." Calloused fingertips ran down, touching a loose grain of yellow powder. Bitter taste crawled up her mouth, and she laughed, shaking her head. "Nah... That would be too much for this world to handle, another miniature Finn running around. Like there wasn't enough of you already." There wasn't enough of him, really. What about you, Girl on Fire? Do you have any secrets worth my time? In three years, her answers had changed many times. She leaned down, pressing her face deeper into the tombstone. The smell of moss and salt filled her nostrils, and she whispered softly. "I love you." Done. Phew, this took me a sleepless night to finish, and well... I don't know if the outcome worth this tiredness I'm currently feeling right now. So... review?