lord, I was dying on the inside and it wasn't even me he was asking. I guess that's a best friend trait. "Uh… yeah. Sure." she said trembling. "Just relax, this is what you do best." I whispered in her ear and slapped her butt as she went off with Thresh into the big circle where we could hear several screams and screeches. I felt a hand being placed on my lower back and I turned to see it was Finnick. He opened his mouth but before he could say anything Cato stepped forward. "Rose, would you like to dance?" he asked quickly, sticking his hand out. Finnick shut his mouth and backed away from me, smirking. I wondered why he looked happy for Cato, I was after all his date. Oh well I thought, I turned my head back to Cato. I nodded my head and took his hand. He led me into the circle where we found several people making way for us and several girls giving him a forlorn look. I thought to myself what was it? Was it because he was famous? I didn't need someone who was famous, I mean there are millions of boys out there. I recognized the song as 'Don't Tell 'Em'. Rue and I went to see that concert. Cato took both of my hands in both of his and started moving his hips to the beat. So I started to move my body to the rhythm as well. Realizing how close everybody was made me remember Prom a few months ago. I went with the Vice President of our class, only because it was expected of me. As the President, and everyone knew that he and I were going to be King and Queen. He was okay, very intelligent and athletic. They all have their downfalls though, he was a partier as well. I don't know how he managed it but he still made it. I pushed those thoughts out of my head as I realized Cato was staring at me. "What?" I asked him. He smiled. "I don't get it." he said. "Get what?" I asked him quizzically. "Why you're not fawning all over me." he said. I stopped moving. "Sorry?" I asked him. If he was that egotistical that he thought every girl should be screaming and crying for him then I did not want any part of this. He smiled and looked down. "I find you so intriguing. I want to know you, but you don't seem to care." he said not stopping dancing. I started to pick up the rhythm again. "Well what do you want to know?" I asked him. "Why are you here?" he asked. "Because this is the best Arts Camp in the country and I want as much training as possible before Juilliard this fall." I said. "Oh I see, hmm. Why are you here here?" he asked. I scrunched up my eyebrows. "What do you mean?" I asked him. "Here with me now." he explained. "Oh. Well you intrigue me. And when you were up on the stage…" I trailed off. He looked down at his shoes. "You caught my eye. You were so beautiful and innocent." he said. I felt my breath hitch. "Were?" I asked him scratchily. "Well now you're just moving your hips and it's all I can see and you don't look so innocent anymore." he chuckled. "Oh." I said. "Where did you even learn to move like that? Good girls aren't supposed to know how to do that with their bodies." he said leaning back to look at my whole frame. "Well good girls are bad girls that haven't been caught." I said back with a grin. He threw his head back in laughter. "Is that so?" he asked me with a genuine grin showing all his teeth. I laughed. "Yeah!" I said. He moved his hands to my hips. "Well wherever you learned it from I approve." he said in a lower voice. I felt myself grow anxious. I knew that he threw the ball into my court and was waiting for my reaction. I decided what the hell. I might as well have as much fun this last summer as I can. I spun around and pressed my back against his stomach, grinding against his hips. He grabbed my hips and adjusted himself to my beat. He hung his head down in the crook of my neck and I leaned my head against his chest. We danced like that for the rest of the night, talking about everything and anything that could come to mind. At eleven the dance ended, Cato grabbed my wrist and pulled me to him. "Listen, as a counselor I'm not supposed to be seen fraternizing with the campers. Thats why we gotta be careful." Cato said. "Well I suppose." I said, trying to remain nonchalant. He gave me a weird look. "Okay, so I was thinking, maybe we could sneak out after hours you know." he suggested. I nodded my head. This went against everything I knew, and I knew that this could potentially get me kicked out but at this point he was all that was on my mind. "Okay." I'll see you in two hours?" I asked him for confirmation. "Yeah, how about we meet in the parking lot?" he asked me. "Okay." I said nodding. "I'll see you then Miss Rose." he said whispering in my ear. I smiled and ran off to find Rue. We made our way back to the dorm and I decided to set my alarm and get some shut eye before I actually snuck out to meet a band member in a parking lot at one in the morning. I squeezed my eyes shut and squealed. I was changing in a matter of the hours I had been here. And I hadn't even begun the real adventure yet. Let me know what you think in the comments! Thanks Loves! The Real