She had been too preoccupied with Peeta. Here, in Two, she regrets her nonchalance towards Gale. Again. She apologizes, he behaves as if it is not a big deal. She realizes how she is always forgiven by him and feels greatly indebted to him. Three nights later, she kisses him, unable to stand the loneliness any more. She asks him to spend the night with her. He does not refuse. They fall back into their dysfunctional sleeping routine. In Two, they are free to do whatever they want to do. There is no one to hide from, no reason to keep quiet. They have the rooms to themselves and whatever held them back in Thirteen, disappears. She loves the way he touches her, how he worships her body, kissing every inch of it, making her feel alive. He moves his mouth over her scars, the ones that have formed after the Capitol rid her body of all its imperfections, and she loses herself in his euphoric whirlpool. Sometimes, she screams because it hurts but she knows there are worse ways to be hurt. Her hands still quaver when she touches his bare back, raw images of the whipping that he received flashing before her eyes. He holds her gaze every time she lets her hands explore his body, a maze of scars and bruises. He has more scars than she does, war imprinted on him. She does not know why she does it: spend her nights with him. It is not love, not entirely. She fears it is pain, it is the necessity that both of them require to survive. The tidal wave of calmness that washes over her when he finishes and she reaches her peak, the numbness that grips her then, helps her to sleep. Just for those few moments, her mind becomes blank and shivering in his arms, she forgets the war. The night before they blow up the Nut, the night before she is shot, he is especially shaky. For once, she does the looking after, reminding him that she is there for him. She takes control that night, tries to free him from the clutches of his own demons. She guides his hands to where she wants them. She feels a change in the way he looks at her as he makes love to her, perfect as always. When he comes undone, he buries his head in her shoulders and whispers, "I love you, Katniss." She freezes, no words leave her mouth and she lies there, motionless. As he rolls onto his back, she sees disappointment flashing in his eyes. "Gale," she starts. At that, he abruptly gets up. Before she can realize what is happening, he leaves. She cries that night. She is a part of the Star Squad now: Squad Four-Five-One. They win the war but the victory is marked by so much of loss that it does not really feel like winning. She dreams of Prim every night: the parachutes going off, the last look on her face as though she had recognized Katniss in the crowd. She dreams of Finnick too, she worries about his unborn child. She sees Peeta every now and then, she will still need some more time before she can completely trust him again. Gale stops visiting her: it is not unwelcome at all because every time she sees him, that olive skin, that dark hair and those hands that had supposedly created the bomb, she is reminded of her little sister. Her little sister who should have lived. She kills Alma Coin. Never for a second does she regret that choice of hers. Back in Twelve, she craves for the people who made the place, who breathed life into the lifeless coal mines. She misses Prim more than she can even imagine. She misses her mother and she misses Gale. It baffles her why after all that he had done, she still longs for him. She has been living in Twelve for the past four years. There are nights when she lies awake beside Peeta. She thinks of all that could have happened, all that should have happened. She wonders what would have happened had her sister's name not been called out in the Reaping all those years ago. Perhaps, she would have lived her life in Twelve, Prim going to school, Prim alive . She would have hunted in the woods, wearing her father's jacket. But the possibility that haunts her the most is that Peeta Mellark could just have been the baker's son, not her husband. Perhaps, she would wake up each morning in someone else's arms. Perhaps, she would have had that fairytale of falling in love with her best friend. She has forgiven him. A long time ago, in her mind. She knows that is what Prim would have wanted. But just as she finds herself thinking of those hauntingly beautiful gray eyes, those calloused palms, that scent, she feels Peeta stir beside her. She hates herself in that moment, hates how Gale Hawthorne still manages to creep into her thoughts. For all she knows, he is kissing a different pair of lips now. She is probably the last thing on his mind. "Morning," she hears Peeta murmur. By now, she has drifted off to a different world. In her head, it is another voice that greets her in the morning. In her head, she is sixteen, in the woods, her best friend beside her, her lover beside her. He calls her Catnip and laughs that deep soulful laugh which makes her skin tingle, he mocks the Capitol, mimics their accent. They hunt, his snares and her arrows, the ultimate lethal combination. In her head, she hasn't been forced to grow up so suddenly, by the death of her father, by the Hunger Games, by the Quarter Quell, by Snow, by Coin, by the war. In her head, she has him and he has her; the only place where they exist together.