his shirt unbuttoned on her, the gun hanging lazily in her garter belt, and her expression curves into something like mischief as she dips her hand under the waistband of his pants. He makes a desperate noise then, heat flushing through his cheeks, but he's too heady to care as he comes, spilling over her hand. They're the kind to go out with a bang. There's no getting away from in their kind of life style, and someone is bound to recognise them someday, living in the shadows, happy and in love be damned. But then again, that's part of the plan. That's the cross on the treasure map, and the destination is scattered in unchartered regions, but death is coming, soon but sweet, Finnick is certain of that. Annie sleeps, curls of hair splayed over the pillow, soft dying sunlight falling over her face, and Finnick wonders how this can end—if it can possibly end with him and her and sunset of wildfire. When he wakes, there's a beauty and cruelty visible in sharp angles of her face that he's never noticed before, there's a coldness and callousness in the way she looks at him, and grins . She wears his favourite black hat on her head, and he'd take it back, were the derringer in her hand pressed under his chin: a cold leaded kiss. "Looking good, Cresta." He murmurs, and stares at her, defiant as it presses deeper into his skin; teeth marks yet to fade away under the bruise of her kiss. He laughs slightly, impressed. She's a better crook than he thought. Turns out he's underestimated her, yet again. "Was this your plan all along?" "Might've been once." Cresta answers with a crooked smile. He recognises it as his own. That's his smile on her face, and it suits her well, the sharp angles lit by dawn. He shouldn't be charmed by the sweetness of her voice, his smile on her face, but he is. He's seen her set fire to corn fields and haystacks and pieces of paper that contain scribbled out words. He's seen her flick a lighter so many times that he knows it is part of her boredom routine, things she won't say out loud, but he's picked up on all the same. "I've done worse things." She uncocks the safety of her gun. Finnick holds his breath. Keeps his eyes on her, and feels the air rush out of his lungs when he hears her finger pulls the trigger. It's empty. "I changed my mind, though." She murmurs, the muzzle of her gun tracing the curve of his throat, sweeping downwards like a butterfly's kiss, and it stops, resting upon his collarbone. The cold spark of metal leaves it's trace, and he can feel the path on his skin until Annie presses her mouth against his, dimples dancing, and Finnick loses himself in the sweetest kiss, heart hammering so fast. "I have to keep you on your toes, somehow." "Just for that, Annie, you can keep the hat." He says, cupping her face in his hands, and she dissolves into laughter, the derringer in her hand still pushed into his chest. The quiet country mouse surprised them all, surpassed anything he could have imagined for her, and she's never been more beautiful in the dawn streaked morning, wielding his life in her hands. The realization leaves him breathless, though he could not say why. "Just for that, Finn, I think I'll stick around for a while longer." Annie hums, tilting her hat up with her gun until it reaches the perfect angle. Her eyes meet his, smirking as her heated gaze leaves his mouth dry, and his body betraying him at the best time, insistent against her thigh. "The beach is nice." He says casually, doesn't say that he's thinking up a plan as they speak, doesn't state that he misses the thrill of a heist and unclean getaways, or the wads of cash stuffed deep in his pocket. When Annie agrees, she understands. There are more important matters at hand. "I start fires." Cresta says, wearing Finnick's best clothes, a red shirt tucked neatly beneath a black waistcoat and plaid trousers. They are clothes that are much too big on her, but she always smirks when he comments about it, never a complaint, if he's being honest. He likes her clothes on her, and likes taking them off even better. "I start fires," Annie says, and tells it to a stranger like she's telling a joke, her ruby mouth waxy and bright and cheerful. It's something to do, dancing on the edge of danger while they're waiting for the right person to walk through the door with a confident swagger. Saying it a second time makes her sound drunker than she really is, and there's much less of a chance having people take her seriously. "I see." The bartender says, pouring himself another drink, unable to see the secret etched deep in her shadow, or the blood in Finnick's mouth, flecked across his face like a bad shaving accident. He directs his attention to Finnick, watches him in a careful, measured way, the way that crooks and criminals recognize one another and remains unacknowledged between them. There's something familiar about him, though Finnick can't place a name to the face, just yet. He sounds weary, none-too-impressed, expecting a better answer from him. "And what do you do?" "Me?" Finnick beams, and it's beatific, one of his best smiles yet, serving only to incense. "I rob banks." "I see." He nods, frowning, voice low and grumbling. Then he sighs, like he's heard it before: the ramblings of two drunkards, but he's got no choice to indulge them and listen to what they have to say, like it or not. At least until Jo arrives with her manic grin and sharp edged wit. "You're quite the pair, aren't you?" Haymitch, it turns out, is the bartender, and he hates them all.