hold of myself. "Dina Larson!" the escort called, and staying calm was completely forgotten. That was my name. I panicked and the Peacekeepers forced me forwards. And then it was like I felt nothing, and I actually managed to hold my head up high enough to not look like a total snivelling wimp. I stood on the stage wordlessly, playing with my nails like I always did when I was sad or nervous despite simply feeling hollow. I was going to my doom. There were no two ways around it. Then the boy's name was drawn. I only had time to beg not Mark, not Mark, not Mark, before the escort called out the name. "Bert Long." The crowd gasped as a twelve year old made his way forwards. He was crying and did not even try to disguise it. It was so cruel, forcing twelve year olds to play this sadistic game. No twelve year olds had ever won. This had just got worse. I would not be coming back. I did not even really want to try if my success meant the death of a twelve year old, one that my brother used to babysit when they were both younger. I could see the confliction on Mark's face. He almost wanted to volunteer to safe Bert, but that would mean that he would face off against his sister. The time passed. I felt sick with myself for being glad that he did not volunteer. And then we were whisked away. My feet dragged and I seemed to grow heavier with each step. I was not going to survive, but this being the Hunger Games probably meant that my death would be long and drawn out. I already missed home, and I had not yet left. Forget leaving to any of the other Districts, forget District 11's fields and District 7's forests, I just wanted to remain home in District 3. Suffra's POV I was up early like I had always been, simply running. Running laps around the house, going faster and faster until I forgot everything that had been bothering me. Today was the day of the reaping. My identical twin sister Iva sat inside, drawing a picture. I ran instead. We both needed to do something to occupy our minds, wait for District 8's turn in this awful event. The only good thing that ever came from a reaping was that we did not have to go to school or to our job. Usually days were long. School started early and finished mid-afternoon. Work began late afternoon and finished late in the evening. Then we usually went to bed ready to get up early for the following day. Today, I ran instead. I was fast. Very fast. I could just keep on running, but was unsure exactly how far I could get. I wasn't going to try. There was nowhere to run in District 8. It was too built up to really appreciate any scenery at all. There was probably scenery out there somewhere, beyond the tall and domineering fence. But it might as well not be there at all. There was no way to cross the fence. So there I was, running around the house. The house was small, and ill maintained. We did not have much time to maintain it. I probably should not be running off the small amount of food I was able to get, but I found that I could not stop. I needed to do something that was not sit around all day. Of course I regretted it when I finally sat down an hour later and there were pangs in my stomach. "Is there anything for breakfast?" I asked hopefully, not really expecting anything. "We are saving the food for when we all get back from the reaping safely," Iva said. I nodded. That had worked every year in the past. I sat down, twirling my hair in my fingers. We didn't have anything nice or formal to wear, so I just picked out my least messy pair of clothes and the pair of shoes with only one hole in. Iva borrowed one of my tops and did the same. Our parents put on pairs of clothes that weren't work clothes then we left. The waiting was horrible. Not to know whether my sister or I would be picked. If she was picked, I knew that I would volunteer. There was no way that I would allow my twin sister to go to the Hunger Games if I could have prevented it; I would never be able to live with myself. I felt a twinge deep inside me when I thought about it. It was as if thinking about it might actually make it come true, and I did not want that at all. The waiting was still horrible. The square filled up more, and I imagined that we lived in one of the Career districts where there was practically no risk even if you were chosen. I yearned more than anything to be from one of those districts. They were richer too. There was no risk of starvation, which occurred frequently in my district especially in winter. Baba, the escort whose name I really thought sounded like that of a sheep, got up to the stage and talked. Did she not know that nobody in the crowd was listening? They were all just wishing for the safety of themselves and those that they cared about. Baba picked out the boy's name first. "Stitch Margo!" A sixteen year old boy that I did not recognize mounted the steps. Then it was the girls' turn. "Iva Hadley!" Okay, I guess I am volunteering then, I thought surprisingly calmly. Sometimes when something incredibly bad happened, I somehow stayed deathly calm. That had happened before. Before Iva could even mount the steps I was in front of her as if in a daze. "I am Suffra Hadley and I am volunteering," I said.