close, yet I failed. Esia Emberly, 26- Assistant Head Gamemaker (1 st person) "Ladies and Gentlemen, may I present the victor of the 26th Annual Hunger Games, Ruth Stockman of District Ten." Booms Archibald's emotionless voice over the microphone. Even he was struggling to keep it together for the sake of the nation. We were all aware that these games had been a disaster. First of all, Ruth shouldn't have won, it really should have been Mason. He would've been a much better victor, and from the looks of him, he actually had some sanity inside him. I don't even want to mention the mutts, or think about what I'm about to face. Ruth is now outside the cornucopia, yelling out glorified cries of victory, while standing on top of the bodies of the boys from 2 and 3, waving a blood coated knife to the sky. If that were Hope doing something like that, she would no longer be a daughter of mine… "Esia… Erm, Snow…would like a word with you… outside." Archibald stands awkwardly behind my desk, running a pale hand down his bottle green tie. I can easily detect the sympathy in even his icy eyes. I don't say or do anything, just look up at him, almost pleadingly. Archibald begins talking again, this time in a firmer tone, with less sympathy, sounding much more like him. "Look Esia, Snow is waiting outside now, and I don't think he's the type of man that likes to be kept waiting, it will only provoke him more." The plump man to my right joins in "Go on then, get up and meet you doom. It's been nice working with you Esia." I scowl t him as I rise from my seat. "Pattison, this is no time or place for you to comment. Now come on, you need to send a hovercraft to the arena, to collect Ruth and the copses. I'll do that with you, go on Esia , now ." I tread lightly across the room, ignoring the other gamemaker's stares. I pause when I get to carefully polished mahogany door, and feel butterflies building up inside me, fluttering about in my body. On the opposite side of this door, awaits the President himself. I dread to think what he has in store for me, I'm just hoping that I'll walk out of it with two legs and a perfectly safe daughter. I turn the silver doorknob, leaving marks from my sweating hands. He stands just outside, in a midnight black suit, and his carefully combed back black hair looks flawless. But his snake like eyes spell only one thing, trouble. He sees me. "Esia, I was beginning to think that Archibald had failed to inform you of my arrival. Follow me, I'd like to discuss some rather important topics with you." I give him a shy smile in exchange. Looking at him, he can't be much older than me, I wonder how he managed to become the president, he couldn't have exactly won the citizens over with his personality. He leads me down a whole set of corridors that I never knew existed, with Capitol slogans graphitised all over the walls. He opens the door to a small, quaint little room with a long dining table and chairs, with an assortment of fine looking drinks laid out on the table. He takes a seat, and offers me one. "Here, have a drink." Says Snow, almost forcefully, pouring out some red liquid that I've never seen before in a clear champagne glass. I notice he doesn't take a drink for himself. "Don-don't you w-want some?" I ask him quietly. "Oh no, I'm fine thank you. I've just drank about two gallons worth of coffee." He chuckles. I smile, thinking I am supposed to, and take a sip from my glass. It tastes awfully bitter. "So Esia, I want to start off talking to you about those mutts, kittens?" "Oh, y-yes, I'm awful-ly sorry. I tried to make tiger mutts, but accidently made kittens inst-tead. P-please let me keep my job." The aftertaste of that champagne is dreadful, I can feel it starting to affect my stomach. My head also begins to throb. "I'm afraid that's not my call. But I know one thing, The Capitol citizens are enraged that Ruth is the victor, everybody wanted Mason. They were also enraged by the boring finale, and I asked you to produce an entertaining, effective mutt, and you failed to do so. Esia, you let down the country." I can't think straight, because of how bad that champagne is making me feel. I see the odd star in my vision, and my head and stomach are both throbbing with agony. Oh god, I need a doctor. I begin to violently cough, spilling out blood. He continues speaking. "And when you fail the nation, you are punished. Goodbye Esia, I will send somebody down to collect your body in a few minutes. He gets up calmly and leaves the room, shutting the door gently before I have chance to figure out what's going on. He'll send somebody down to collect my body? Him refusing a drink? Me coughing out blood shortly after the champagne? He's poisoned me . No! He's poisoned me! No! Hope needs me, I can't die, but I can't fight this pain, it's unbearable. I try to scream, but nothing comes out. My vision fades to black, and the pain seems to have ceased. I'm sorry Hope, I'm sorry I failed. So, after a long time, i decided to publish my first SYOT story! Please don't hesitate to submit a tribute, the rules and tribute form should be on my profile. Did you prefer my writing in first person, or 3rd person? I'll give you guys a deadline of August 21st to send in submissions, and it will not be first come first served, i only want the best of the best tributes in this SYOT. Please review!