began to fall in place. Lucas getting reaped, him "volunteering." It was the final blow to top all that they had ever done to him. District 4 "You will win." That's what he had told her. Then another man came into the room. She recognized him from TV and her grandfather's parties. "The variables will be stacked against the others," he explained. "So literally, the odds are in YOUR favor." She nodded. She was a machine. A machine trained to kill relentlessly. She was smart, good looking, and knew how to handle a diamond sword better than anyone in Panem. Then they had loaded her onto a train. The train ride had been long and dull. When it was finally over she stepped out and breathed in the damp air. Overhead the sky was a dull gloomy gray and she could see several great ships in the distance. Lily Snow had arrived in District 4. The stench of the week old walleye was overwhelming to Drake Anthony as he walked through the fish market. The fish vendors had been having a down week, and the fish that should have been sold days ago were rotting in the side alleys. Drake was seventeen years old and one of the youngest fishermen to make a living on their trade. He only did it because he had to , however. Every time he brought in the nets there was a pang of guilt at the corpses of the fish he had killed. Cleaning and gutting was the worst. His wickedly sharp silver fishing knife cut into the fish like a hot knife through butter. Sometimes he still had to clench his stomach at the all the gore, even after two years. But it was all worth it when he came home to his family of five sisters and a crippled father with dinner. His sisters were ages five, seven, eight, eleven, and twelve. Their parents had been in an accident the year Drake had started fishing. Drake and his sisters had been in school at the time, and a family friend, Nathan Long, had come to get them. It was March and a dull gloomy day that was typical in District 4, and Drake had been staring out the window of his math class, willing the clock to speed up. Seventh hour was always the longest, he thought dully, when Nathan Long had come into the room with all five of Drake's sisters in tow. He had urgently said something to the teacher, and Drake had already stood up, wondering what had happened. Nathan motioned for him to come over, and he did, wondering what could have caused Nathan to come in the middle of his 7th hour to come get him. "Your mother is dead and your father gravely injured," Nathan said in an undertone. The words hit him like a brick wall. Nathan continued, "Your mother and father were fishing in the Jarvasan Bay when a larger ship came almost out of nowhere. It just splintered the boat in two, and your mother was killed on impact. They don't want you, or anyone else, to see the body, it's a bloody mess. Your father is in critical condition down at the central hospital. He was airlifted there five minutes after the impact." The next few hours of riding in Nathan's car down to the central hospital in the dead center of the district were a hazy blur to Drake afterwards. It had started to rain sometime during the drive, and Drake had just watched the raindrops slide down the window, blurring the lights outside. They had not been able to see Drake's father that day, or the day after. On the third day was Mrs Anthony's funeral (with no body). Sometime around there he had lost all sense of emotion and was just an empty shell walking around. Eventually, he had started to become aware of feelings and emotions, and Nathan had talked to him about becoming a fisherman to support his sisters and father, who had lost both legs and an arm in the accident. Drake had fallen into the routine of fishing with Nathan every day, and the familiar twist in his stomach at the killings of the fish that reminded him so much of his own mother's death, in some strange way. District 4 had a new escort that year, since Novijak the previous one had been beheaded last year for picking two boys. The new escort's name was Nylonica Quirrinian. She was a bright and bubbly talkative person who completely fit all the escort stereotypes. Nylonica knew the drill and she picked a girl's name. "Lianna Anthony!" Drake almost lunged at the stage in prostest, First his parents and now his sister too?! "I volunteer." came a dangerous cold voice. "My name is Lily Rain." She could not, of course, tell anyone she was actually President Snow's granddaughter as that would ruin the whole facade. She felt no fear at volunteering as she knew she would win. The odds were in her favor, Shark Valler had told her. "Well come on up here then Lily," said Nylonica cheerfully and moved on to the boys. "Drake Anthony." Drake had just began to relax when every muscle tensed again. NO! He felt like screaming. Who was going to provide for his family? Sure, Nathan would try and help, but he had his own family to take care of, and there was only so much one guy could do. Drake looked over at the girl, Lily Rain. She looked about eighteen and she had blonde hair so light it almost looked white, and bright but deadly blue eyes. As they had to shake hands Drake shuddered at the look she gave him. It was a look of loathing and spite, and it showed that she would have absolutely no problem killing him in the Hunger Games. That was the problem, Drake would have problems with killing in the Hunger Games.