"Because you're singing too, and we're all gonna be there. Remember?" She explains. A look of recognition crosses Prim's sweet face. "Oh yeah. I forgot." She says. "No kidding." I laugh. "Well let's go get you a dress!" Glimmer says excitedly. I sigh and we walk outside and pile into my car. It's Saturday, prom night, Plan Everlark is being put into motion in about an hour. Peeta and Delly are coming with us to Prom. I ended up buying and aqua colored dress that flared out at the waist, and the top is jewels. Glimmer does my hair in a curly updo, and light make up. Just a little bit of mascara, eyeliner and pink lipgloss. Prim bought a royal blue high low dress with a ruffled front. Her hair is half up and half down in golden curls. I protested highly against my twelve year old sister wearing make up but Prim insisted, so I agreed to mascara and lipgloss. She looks beautiful, like a goddess, or angel. "Are you ready for this Katniss?" She asks. "Ready as I'll ever be. You look beautiful Prim." I tell her, kneeling down to hug her. She smiles. "Then we better get downstairs, everyone's waiting for us." She says. I laugh, and hook her arm with mine. "Then we better make a grand entrance." I say. She laughs, and we walk out into the hallway, and down the stairs. Everyone's parents are here. My mother starts crying. "Everyone outside it's picture time." She manages to choke take at least a million and one pictures. As we're walking to the limo Peeta stops me. "You look beautiful Katniss." He says "Thanks, you don't look too bad yourself." I say. He smiles, and I reach up and hug him. His arms find their way around me immediately, and it feels so right-so good that I have to remind myself he's not mine. Before we pull apart, I hear the tell tale click of Prim's phone taking a picture. I smile, and notice Delly glaring at us. "You should probably go back to your girlfriend." I say nodding at Delly. "Right." He says. He walks over to her and I join hands with Prim. We all pile into the car and then we're off to prom. "Are you guys ready to go on?" asks one of the girls on the prom committee, I think her name is Bonnie. We nod and she hands Prim, Madge, and I microphones. "Good luck Katniss." She says as she passes by. She walks onto the stage and immediately gains peoples attention. Bonnnie clears her throat and says "We have a special performance from Katniss, Everdeen, Primrose Everdeen, Madge Undersee, Gale Hawthorne, and Finnick O'dair." Our friends start cheering, and Rue yells Team Everlark. We all walk out. Madge sits at the piano, Gale sits at the drums, and Finnick holds the guitar. Prim and I walk up to the microphones. I clear my throat and say "This song is dedicated to my best friend-" "Peeta Mellark!" Prim shrieks, before turning red. a few people chuckle at Prim's antics. Finnick strums the guitar, and I begin to sing. Let's be honest we don't got a lot in common when it comes down to it You can take his breath away and light up every room when you walk through it But I don't want you six foot legs and angel face and sophistication Don't really want to causes scene but girl you got everything Then Prim and Madge join in. And I want your boyfriend I'm not gonna lie I'll be his girl when he tells you good bye Then me by myself agin Dont worry I wont take him cause I aint that low I want your boyfriend Just thought you should know That he and I go back so far Oh my gosh we lived in his first truck First time we heard Shania Twain Think we were on our way to Lubbock And I know you think he loves you now Seen so many girls come in and out It sounds a bit insensitive but the truth is what it is Then all of us again I want your boyfriend Im not gonna lie Ill be his girl when he tells you goodbye Dont worry I wont take him cause I aint that low I want your boyfriend Just thought you should know yeah Next Prim has a solo Dont know why you act so surprised Cant you see it in his eyes? You mustve known it all this time Then me and Madge I want you boyfriend to tell you the truth Ill be right there when he gets over you Whats meant to be will always find its way in the end Then I sing solo for the remaining part I want your boyfriend Im not gonna lie Ill be his girl when he tells you goodbye Dont worry I wont take him cause I aint that low I want your boyfriend I want your boyfriend I want your boyfriend Just thought you should know The whole gym erupts into applause. I look over to where Peeta and Delly are standing. Peeta has this huge smile on his face, and Delly is giving me a death glare. I laugh. Prim hugs me. When she pulls back she points excitedly at something. I look where she's pointing and Peeta is making his way over to us. He walks up onto the makeshift stage and people start going nuts. He takes my face in his hands and kisses me. I hear people cheering in the background, Prim and Rue the loudest with their shrieks of Team Everlark. When we break apart he smiles at me and says "I've wanted to do that since we were five years old." I laugh. "Guess you have to take me on that date now." I joke. "It's a date." What did you think. Took about two days to write. :)