over me to volunteer when we was eighteen. In fact, I was nowhere near the top but they just didn't assess me correctly. Oh well, they would be kicking themselves when I won. "Errr, yeah sure whatever," I shrugged as I started to flick through the channels again. Kianna's eyes lit up as she clapped her hands together in joy. "Right, so let's get down business," I said, placing the control down and clapping my hands. "What about the TV?" Kianna said. I sighed, turned it off and turned back to her. "There wasn't anything about me on so we will wait a while, the TV stations need to report the small stuff first, we most likely have a set time for us to be talked about, we are rather big news," Kianna looked at me, nodding slowly again as she leant in closer. "Anyway, for the plan, we won't have to worry about sponsors as we have already got that in the bag, the careers are a bigger problem. They will want to see some skills so I think it's best you allow me to show off my fighting skills, you will just mess it up. After we are in the arena, we will kill them in their sleep-" "What if someone tries to kill us?" "Don't cut me off!" I screamed at her making her sink back into her seat. "As I was saying, no one will touch us because we are from Four, they are frightened of people from there. A few days after, we will set fire to everything around the cornucopia-" "But what if the arena doesn't have trees...and won't the smoke kill us?" She questioned, her head cocked to the side. "Eurgh!" I groaned she was hard work. "There is always tree's you bint and no it won't because, by the time it does, everyone will be dead," I said, I looked at her for a reaction but she just smiled at me not questioning what would happen in the final two. Guess blondes are dumb. Netra Evans, aged 17, District 5 "Isn't that something to do with a turtle?" I asked the boy who sat across from me, a denim jacket draped over his shoulders with a black bandana tied around his head. His blue eyes widened then quickly looked away as his skinny form shifted awkwardly. "My parent's and friends call me a turtle so I would rather you didn't call me that please," he mumbled as he shook his head to move his dark blonde fringe away from his eyes. I couldn't help but raise an eyebrow at this. "Why? Turtle's pretty sweet creatures and it's not like you look like one or anything, it's just a nickname" I said softly, turning my head slightly to make sure there was no one behind me and to get another look at the chocolate cake on the side. "That's my point, I don't look like a turtle so why call me one?" "I think it's just a nickname hun-" "No it isn't, they are making fun of me!" Cooter snapped as he got up and walked towards the drink table, grabbing a bottle of beer. I shrugged and stood up, walking towards the cake. "Fair enough, you think if I eat this cake it will affect me in some way?" I said as I poked the cake with a fork. Cooter scooted up to me, taking the odd sip of his drink. He looked closely at the cake like he was looking for a tiny bug only to take another mouthful of beer. "I don't think so, it should be out your system by the arena and if it makes you feel ill, you will be better by the time they start. If I was you, I would have a piece now, to see what happens and you can always ask our mentor about it," he said wisely, his shorter form standing on his tiptoes to place his arm on my shoulder. "That is all I needed," I giggled as I picked up a large knife and carved a perfect, large slice out of it. It was a mix of milk and white chocolate with a soft sponge and a gooey chocolate center. I didn't know you could get any other chocolate but dark so this was amazing. "So," I said through a mouthful of chocolate cake "you want to ally?". Cooter looked up at me in shock before a smile burst onto his face. "You w-want to ally with me?" He stuttered as he tapped on his chest as if I wasn't sure who he was. I raised an eyebrow and slowly nodded, opening my mouth wide for the next piece of cake. "Then, yes!" He cheered as he shuffled towards me and snaked his arms around my neck causing me to knock my cake on the floor. I frowned at the cake then wiggled out of his grasp. "Okay then, the hugging thing is going to need some work," I shook, the thought of the unwanted contact making my skin crawl. "But this is going to be good, we just need some other people," I said with a smile, if I was going to die in that arena, I was going to die trying to win. District 1: Female: Alandrite Musgravite- 18 Male: Painite Barker- 18 District 2: Female: Lime Wickham- 18 Male: Jean Deco- 18 District 3: Female: Fousa Long-16 Male: Arc Good- 18 District 4: Female: Kianna Frost- 16 Male: Arno Kennedy- 15 District 5: Female: Netra Evans- 17 Male: Cooter Brumby- 18 District 6: Female: Juncta Broughton- 15 Male: Chug Johnson- 14 District 7: Female: Elva White- 16 Male: Timber Jensen-18 District 8: Female: Tailor Jackson- 15 Male: Cammo Cundell- 17 District 9: Female: Grain Hudsbeth- 18 Male: Quinoa Croft-18 District 10: Female: Kalie Jackson-15 Male: Rye Simmons- 12 District 11: Female: Kyra Paschal- 14 Male: Kyroic Stelson- 15 District 12: Female: Lia Goodfellow-13 Male: Asher Trist- 17