green shirt he's wearing is unbuttoned almost halfway down, and the whole outfit does nothing but show off a body that, to Katniss, only screams used . He's a filthy tool, and now he's saying she's going to have to deal with him for the rest of her life. "I have no choice," says Katniss disgustedly. "What? Will you kill me if I say no?" "I don't know what'll happen," says Finnick. "You'd be acting out against President Snow. Not me. Although I should warn you that he enjoys murdering loved ones." Katniss's blood turns to ice. "Is that a threat?" Finnick looks genuinely troubled by this, even though Katniss knows there's no way he actually cares. "It's a warning," he says. "I'm telling you to be careful and listen. You agree to this, and to the terms that Snow set for me, or your family is gone. That sister of yours you love so much? It's easy enough for Snow to get your loved ones into the Games, and, if it looks like they're in position to win, he has absolutely no trouble taking them out personally." Katniss's hands starts shaking, and she wishes she has a bow. Finnick is one person she wouldn't hesitate to shoot. Right now, she hates him more than she ever hated Clove or Cato or even the boy who killed Rue. They were all thrown into the Games by circumstance… Finnick, though. Finnick has long been out of the arena, and he's still acting like he's playing a sick, twisted game. He won his fame, and he's abusing it in every way possible. She wants to throw up. Twenty three kids died so this monster could live. This monster she must marry on threat of her sister's life. "I… I have no choice," Katniss sputters, her entire face going pale as the realization hits her for the first time. It feels like a punch in the gut. Gale is going to be devastated. Her mother will be disappointed. Prim… Katniss doesn't even want to know what Prim will think when she learns that her sister is leaving her for him . "You have no choice," Finnick confirms. Not victoriously, but matter-of-factly. He isn't being an asshole about any of this, not at all, and it almost makes it harder to hate him because of it. Almost. "But… couldn't you buy someone, anyone else? I can't… I'm a sixteen-year-old girl, and you could have anyone in the Capitol. Why pick the one girl who doesn't want you?" "You remind me of her," says Finnick simply. The words are smooth and practiced, almost like lines from a play. Like he's been saying them in front of a mirror so he could recite them just right when he needed to. "I mentioned something about Snow's conditions," Finnick goes on before Katniss can speak. "We should go over those." "But-" "We'll get married when you come back to the Capitol for the Victory Tour, but Snow wants us to date before then. It'll make him more money if it looks like we're actually in love." Katniss clutches at her stomach. In love. The words make her sick. "I'll give you a week or so in District Twelve. Then I'll head over there." "You can't come to District Twelve," says Katniss. District Twelve is hers . She doesn't want bad memories, bad people, tainting the place she loves. "It'll be for business," Finnick goes on. "We'll meet incidentally. Our relationship will take off after that." "Victors never travel outside their districts," argues Katniss. "No one will believe it." "Victors travel. Just not generally to District Twelve. Besides, I'm me. They might twist my business trip into a secret plan to meet you face to face, but it won't be treated with suspicion. I'm sure some journalist will turn it into a romantic move on my part. We'll be fine." Katniss stares. "Maybe you'll be fine, but I can assure you I'll be anything but." "You look tired, Katniss," says Finnick. "I bet you've had a long day. I should leave." "You should talk to Snow and tell him you changed your mind, that you don't want me. I… I can't be bought. My family, Gale …" "I don't want to change my mind," says Finnick." It's better this way." "I… this can't…" "I won't be able to see you off tomorrow. Like I said, we won't officially meet for another week or so. I just stopped by tonight to tell you about the situation. I figured it'd be best to hear it from me, rather than Haymitch or your escort." "I rather would've Haymitch told me," Katniss grumbles. "My apologies then. I figured I would be more delicate about it. I do need to go now. Bye, Katniss." Then he leans forward and gently kisses her on the cheek, and, before Katniss can say anything else, Finnick is gone. She wants to hope that it was a dream, but the icy feeling in her gut is impossible to fake. Funny, how she should be in the position that every girl in Panem would die for, and all she wants is a way out. … Author's Note- Katniss/Finnick has always been an iffy pairing for me. There's the age gap for one, and honestly, The Hunger Games is the one fandom in which I actually agree with the cannon pairings. Finnick and Annie are inseparable, and Katniss/Peeta is really sweet. However , I also think Finnick and Katniss compliment each other very well, and the way they draw on each other for strength in Catching Fire and Mockingjay leads me to believe that, if Annie and Peeta were gone, it wouldn't be entirely unnatural for them to end up together. Besides, it's a rare ship and I love a good challenge. That said, I'd love any kind of feedback on this. Comments, questions, criticisms, are all welcome. Thanks for reading, and I'll try to update again within the week.