"Sorry." he mumbles, looking back in front of him. "Would you... mind if we were dating ?" I chuckle. "I don't mind. It's a little obvious that you two are already together. But I'm okay with this, don't worry. I'm actually glad. You've been protecting us for so many years, now it's your turn to be happy." I smile, even though he can't see me. "Thank you, son." he grins. "For what it's worth... I'm sorry about Shannon." Oh god, I don't want to talk about it. "Maybe there in Magic Hills you'll find someone else." "Magic Hills ? You gotta be kidding me. What kind of name is that ?" My dad chuckles. "Fair enough." The car runs for a few hours before I see Addie's truck stop. My dad strops the car as well, glances at me then at Clove who is still sleeping. "We're taking a break." I softly wake Clove up. "What... what time uzuut." she mumbles, still asleep. "It must be around seven. Come on, we should get something to eat." I tell her nicely. She blinks. "Not hungry." "Come on, there's a station, right here. Let's take a breakfast !" She sighs and nods. "Fine." We get out of the car and head to the restaurant where Addie and my father are already waiting for their food. "Oh great, Clove, you're up !" Addie smiles. I love Addie so much, I'm so glad my father is with her and not with a stupid girl. She has always tried to be nice to us but never intended to replace our mother, like most step mothers do, as I've heard. I'm happy she's the one we're running away with. She's skilled, and when she turns into a wolf, neither of Clove, my dad or me would defy her. Not that my dad would defy her anyway... I order food for Clove and me and we sit on the table, next to Addie and my old man. At that very moment, the employee of the restaurant turns up the volume of the tv. It's the news. A man says : "The house has been burned to the ground. At the moment, the police hasn't find any corpse. We remind you that Daniel, Cato and Clove Shriver are still missing. If you have any information..." Addie gets up and takes the food the employee is bringing to us, leaving him only the trail with the money we owe him. "Keep the change. Let's get back to the car." she says, as a photo of each of us is displayed on the screen. We quickly get back to the parking. "I could use a copilot." Addie announces. "Cato ?" I shrug. "Yeah, sure. Just let me grab my breakfast." We make the exchanges, then Clove and my dad get back to the car, as Addie and I walk to the truck. "I had no idea you had that truck, Addie." She smirks. "Not mine." "Oh." I blurt out before laughing. She's full of surprises ! We get into the truck and I put the food in front of us. "So, we have to leave the highway for a few hours because the loop makes it too long." "Okay." I say. "Here" I point at the map. "We could go there, then we could get back to the highway, it would be shorter." She nods. "Good, Cato ! We'll start that way." She starts the truck. Here we go, back on the road already. I missed this, it's kind of exciting. "There's something I wanted to tell you, that your dad can't really talk to you about." she says. "Oh ?" I raise an eyebrow. "Yes, it's about..." "You and him ? I already know." I say, proud of myself. "How do you know ?" she frowns. "However, that's not what I was going to talk to you about. It was about you and Shannon." She knows Shannon pretty well, I've stopped counting the times where my girlfriend would come over and Addie was there. "What about me and Shannon ?" She sighs. "I know you want to tell her that you're still alive but you can't. It will only put her in danger and deep down I'm sure you know it already." I look to my right and cross my arms. "Why ?" "A little researches in the town will be enough for these guys to find out that she was your girlfriend. They'll try to spy on her to see if she's a shifter too. If she has a suspect behavior, if she tries to look for you, they'll know and they'll hurt her." I sigh. She's right. "Okay." I mumble. "I won't talk to her." "Give me your phone." I frown, and obey, worried that she might crash the truck in some barrier or something. She does something while still looking at the road, giving my phone quick glances. "Done." "Tell me you didn't just erased her number." "As you wish ! I won't say it." she chuckles. I growl. "Cato, you know I'm only doing this for your safety, and for hers as well." I try to calm down. I really just lost my girlfriend ! Maybe it's the less worse. It was that, or one of us died. I prefer be apart of her, and forget her, than having her blood on my hands. "Thanks." I mutter. Addie turns her head and smiles sadly. "You're welcome." AN : - Sooo... I gave you a few hints about how the story could go. Don't forget that Addie is not a shapeshifter, but a werewolf – just saying. Maybe her grandparents hid secrets in their house... You never know ! - Just to remind you. Cato had a girlfriend, but it will definitely be slash, don't worry. - So... if you guys liked that, I might write another chapter before going to vacations. I'm going to Paris, bitchez. - Please, review if you liked :) thank you.