it any more." "I just can't believe he'd have someone in the Capitol killed. I thought they were safe." "No one's safe," Finnick says bluntly. "There's only a hierarchy of—of expendability. Is that a word? I'm lower than a lot of the Capitolites, but higher than her. She was a lot richer, but she never knew how to play the game." "Not a victor?" Annie says, in a surprisingly dark quip from her. "Not a victor," Finnick agrees. "Just another casualty of me playing to win." Mags gives Finnick a smile when she hears him come into the kitchen, and she hopes it hides the anxiety. If they're both getting breakfast, either she slept later than she ever does, or he was up late with insomnia. She glances up at the kitchen clock. No, it's her. Sleeping all the time now. Not that that means he's spent the morning sleeping. Trying to sleep while listening with one ear until he heard her get up, more like. As he comes closer, Mags can already feel his hands closing over her shoulders, ruffling her hair, cupping her cheek. She half-smiles in anticipation, but she doesn't look up from the container of grapes in front of her. She's thankful her hands are as dexterous as ever, even if it means being thankful to that hospital in the Capitol, because she's able to pry it open without asking for help. "Tired of waffles yet?" Finnick's teasing, but she hears the hidden offer. But she nods. Nothing's a treat if you get it every day. He'll be disappointed, but she'll thank him with her hands, and he'll know what she means. So when she hears the fridge open, Mags looks up in surprise. No morning hug? Maybe it's a good sign, maybe it means the shock of her stroke is wearing off. "Oh, wow!" Finnick's got his head inside the fridge. "Is all this from Annie?" Yes, it's all from Annie. Mags hasn't had the heart to tell her she's not up to eating most of it. Whatever Finnick doesn't, Mags'll throw out bit by bit and let Annie keep tackling her guilt with food deliveries. It's not honest, but who can be honest when they don't have words? It's the same reason she's keeping Finnick busy. She wants to help him find his calm again, but she can't get her reassurances through to him, so she's been letting him work off his fear instead. She hopes it's helping. "Anything you want?" Finnick reads the note attached to one of the baking dishes. "Egg, cheese, mushroom, and squash casserole? Wow, Annie, seriously. I can make a mean plate of hash browns and salsa to go with it," he offers enticingly. "Annie's trained me well." Mags sighs. And then there are the times when Finnick and Annie conspire to put her on the spot without meaning to. Stalling for time, Mags spreads some marmalade on her bread—not toasted because she was too tired—and tries to strategize. If she accepts, he'll notice when she barely touches it. But if she refuses, she'll have to think up something else. She wishes she could tell him she'd rather have the morning hug, but she can't get up and walk across the kitchen. "No?" Finnick says, when the silence goes on too long. "Mags, you eat like a bird. You always have." His voice is full of affection, not reproach, but Mags still hears the disappointment. She matches it with a smidgen of annoyance of her own. Yes, I've always had bread and fruit for breakfast. Why do you think that's what you grew up on? What makes you think I'm going to change now? I only do comfort food when I'm stressed. But her annoyance fades as quickly as it came. She can't handle watching him trying to hide how freaked out he is for the same reason he can't handle watching her with one foot in the grave. Mags just wants to know Finnick will be all right without her, which may be sooner rather than later. It would be so easy if she could reach him, envelop him, with her words. They've always understood each other, and she's always been able to manage him effortlessly. So much so that until now, she'd forgotten that he needed management. Now he needs her, and she can't help him. How to tell him that just because she needs space, doesn't mean she doesn't love him more than anyone in the world? How does she tell him how much she misses working with him? Mags closes one hand into a fist over her heart and reaches out the other to Finnick. My boy. Leaving the fridge, Finnick takes one step toward her, but then his restraint crumples. "I'm sorry, Mags. You don't need to be babysitting. I'll come by in the evenings in case you need anything." Before she can even think of trying to call him back with her broken babble, Finnick's gone. He closes the front door behind him, leaving her feeling small and selfish at getting her wish. This series is dedicated to my partner, who's not even in this fandom, but listened to me talk about my fic non-stop for three years and was a wonderful sounding board. She must really love me or something. Special thank yous to everyone who read drafts or helped me hash out developments in chat: lorata, starrose3, twinklestar, inelegantprose, trovia, and kawuli. Lots of thanks to anyone who left comments, or clicked like/kudos/favorite/bookmark on AO3/FFN/tumblr. Seriously, comments are LOVE. An especial thank you to drivingdeanwinchester, who silently and reliably clicked "like" on every one of my writing updates on tumblr, whether I was venting or celebrating, and thus saved me from months of shouting into the void; that was more encouraging than you know. And to the anonymous "teenager from the Caribbean" who left the Best Comment Ever on Mags' Weapon : OMG ILU, I hope you enjoy this fic too!