on and so forth, basically anything my mother can think about. Though we would want to just continue talking, Tara needs to get back to the station to help her grandfather and so we bid her goodbye just as the sky was turning from blue to an orange hue. Once Tara left, my mother and I worked on tidying up our home. From cleaning the dishes to sweeping most of the sand settled on the floor, it was impossible to get rid of the sand, we live in District 4 it is basically a part of every person's home. Once we were finished with our household chores my mother and I settled down and started working on the nets. I love these moments with my mother. Whenever we are just working, everything just slips away. All the worries, all the fears just vanish from our minds. All we have to think about was how to twine the ropes just the right way, how to fit the metal so that it won't slip away, simple matters that only need simple solutions. It was therapeutic, making nets with my mother. It has a way of letting me forget everything that is on my mind. Though District 4 is one of the richer districts and my family is able to eat every day, we still live in fear that the waves would not favour us. We never used that Capitol motto that you would often hear especially during the reapings and the games. May the odds be ever in your favour that is what they say but for us here in District 4 we always pray and hope that the sea be in our favour. It is just my luck that my father and mother do not work directly with the sea. But without the sea then what we do as a family, what we do as a district would all fall down. All other district may only worry about their lives when the games are about to begin but our district always live in fear that the next day the sea would no longer grace us with her blessings. We fear the wrath of the sea more than we ever fear the Capitol. But in these moments, these times when making sure the knots are tight and the holes just the right size, I can forget all about those worries, all that matters is we do our job right. My mother and I went through the entire length and amount of rope given to us till night fell. We only stopped when my father came and then we sat for supper like we do every night. No matter how late my father comes home we would always wait for him. That is one of our rules in the house, we may not be able to spend most of the time together but once supper comes we will all dine as a family to make up for the entire day when all we did was make sure there is food on the table. We work for our food during the day and we enjoy the fruits of our labour together once night comes. Once we finish our meal we all go do our assigned duty in the house. My mother cleaning the dishes and making sure we have something to eat for breakfast, my father gathering the tools we use in our work and storing them so we would know where to get them the following day, and I would sweep the floors till the sand is manageable and not likely to invade our noses later in the night. It was an ongoing routine in the house and we all fall seamlessly into it. After everything is done and we are sure that nothing is forgotten then it is time for us to finally rest for the day and embrace the warmth that only sleep could give. That night I dreamed of children all trapped in a glass bowl, I was one of them. We were pounding the glass and pushing one another, all wanting to break free. Like a well-orchestrated group everyone began to scream. I looked up and I saw a hand, an unnaturally white hand tipped with nails the colour of which is an unnatural sickly green. It hang above us as if playing with us and it circulated above and the longer it stayed there the louder the screams get. And slowly it descended. It 's hands closing down and I felt fear like no other as that hand closed upon me and all I see is the darkness inside that palm. I was terrified and the next thing I knew the hand opened up placing me in another bowl, this one with significantly less children. I looked at them and I can't help but shiver in fear. All of them were faceless, all of them have no expression but I was certain that they were there to kill me, I was sure that all they wish for is my death. I was frozen to the spot watching as they walked towards me. I can't move and even if I did where would I run? We are all trapped here and as they start to get closer on me I woke up. I was breathing harshly, cold sweat decorating my neck and forehead. I tried to see what woke me up. Yesterday I woke to the sound of the nets being pulled to the shore. This time I awake to the sound of the strong winds that could only come from the Capitol's hovercraft. Yesterday was just a normal day for those in my District, for those here in District 4. But today, today is the Reaping Day, a moment that was just something I dreaded yesterday but is now very real and already within our midst. For the first time in years I prayed and I hoped that the odds be in my favour. =END OF CHAPTER 1=