really good album, you know." It doesn't matter. Not when the Grammy's have passed up the best work she's ever done in her life. "Not good enough." He tries to smile for her. "There's always next year." (You're something special, baby. I should have told you that more when you needed it.) . . . This stupid city. These stupid reporters who wait outside their gate screaming for Finnick. She's sick of it. Sick sick sick of it. She wishes she could do something about it. Burn their papers, break their cameras. Maybe then they'll notice her. It's never Annie. It's always Finnick's wife, the songwriter that writes for Finnick. It's never even Annie and Finnick. It's always Finnick and Annie. Never just Annie. (I was yours. I am yours.) (I'm Annie's Finnick.) . . . "Annie," he says, reaching for her glass. "You shouldn't be drinking so much." She jerks away from his touch, tears in her eyes. "Leave me alone," she snaps. His eyes widen, but then he narrows them. "Fine," he hisses, and he slams the door behind him as he leaves. The sound has her bursting into tears again. "Wait. Help me," she chokes into her hands, but Finnick is already gone. (Please.) . . . He's on set, filming for a television series. She's at home sobbing into a glass of wine. So much she threw away. For them. For "us." Was this worth fighting for? (Stop.) . . . "I'm home." They announced the Grammy nominations for the year. Usually he's there to watch them with her. But he's been gone all day filming. Empty wine bottles don't litter the table this time. Everything's been poured down the drain, ever since Dr. Aurelius gave the order. He makes sure to watch her, see if she stays sober. If he's ever home. "Annie?" She sits on the floor, shoved between the wall and the end of the couch. Finnick finds her there. He notes her position, her expression. "There's always next year," he says, just as he always does. "There's no 'next year,'" she hisses. He raises a brow at her, but he doesn't say anything. He looks tired. She doesn't care because the fire in her chest burns hotly. "Don't you understand by now?! There's no. More. Time! " She grabs the closest thing she can find and throws it in his direction. It misses him, crashes against the wall, but he's startled all the same. "It's all ever you . Everything I ever was, is sucked away by you . There's nothing left of me . I have no more time and I'm gone ." She continues hysterically grabbing and throwing anything she can get her hands on, the phone, a vase, a lamp. He's tried to grab her by now, stop her from destroying anything else, and she thrashes in his grip and shrieks until she's hoarse and spent. She slips from his hands and sinks to the ground, sobbing noisily into her hands. "If only I never married you..." (Please.) (Please no please. It can't be over. It went too fast. There wasn't enough time. I have so much left to give you. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Give me one more chance. Just one more.) (I'll listen this time. I will. I promise.) (Just one more chance.) . . . They shut down the café across The District. A Pakistani restaurant takes its place, then a boutique, then a camera shop, then nothing at all; they demolish the whole block all together for a new parking garage. Annie's old upright piano stands shoved in a corner and forgotten in her parents' attic. The vandalized sign on the edge of Brighton Beach has been removed, replaced with a clean one warning visitors not to run on the sidewalk. (Annie.) (My sweet Annie.) (I'm going to miss you all over again.) — xx, al fine — "I guess this is good-bye." (It seems all I ever do is say good-bye to you.) The moving van is filled with his belongings. He gave her the house, and he's moving into his own. All that's left to do is to leave. He exhales heavily. "Annie. I'm sorry I—" But she stops him. "Finnick. No more. No more apologies. No more shrinks. No more compromises." Her voice is quiet while she holds the last of his suitcases to him. "It's over." (Funny how easily "forever" can turn into "over.") He takes the suitcase from her. She doesn't linger too long, doesn't let their fingers touch. He never noticed it, not until it was too late, when "them" became so crushed and broken, the pieces were too fine, too numerous for them to put back together again. He makes for the door, intending to leave without another word. But he stops at the doorway; he cannot help grasping at any small semblance of hope that may still thread them together, no matter how spindly it's become. "Annie?" He turns to look at her again and his breath catches in his throat. She stands at the window, daylight filtering in through the translucent silk curtain. Her hair is bedraggled, tied in a loose ponytail, face free of any make-up, eyes half-lidded. She stands with her arms looped around her middle. He can't help staring just as he used to. Annie is so incredibly, tragically beautiful. "If you could, would you do it all over again?" She turns to him and their eyes meet. He's searching. For something. Just a small spark that'll tell him none of this was a waste. That she still believes in what she told him fifteen years ago. He sees it, just a small flash of something, but he sees it. (Or maybe it's just a trick of the light.) "Yes," she breathes. "In a heartbeat." Thanks for reading! Favs/reviews are greatly appreciated! Annie's cereal jingle is one I found on youtube. I wish I could say I wrote it, but I didn't.