Some of us more than others." "Haymitch?" "You were up here with me." He rolled his eyes toward her, emphasizing what she seemed to have missed. "He knows." Because Finnick wasn't up here with her. She was up here with him. Haymitch had been looking for Finnick. In his punky suit. Sitting there without a care how she'd been giving him a show. A show he'd obviously seen before. Because he was Capitol. Because she was Capitol. Wow. Buckets of puke-spewing wow. "I'll be late," she said. That bitter liquid of gotta get outta here, somebody let me out in her throat? She wondered if he knew about that, too. Something yellow and acidic made her think he did. She didn't mean to hurt him, not him in particular, when she muttered, "Wouldn't want that." "No, you don't." Under the sounds of the wind chimes picking up with the breeze, the elevator bell dinged. Chaff and Haymitch spilled out with a roll of laughter carrying Haymitch across the threshold. He was the relaxed, monosyllabic Haymitch Abernathy again, if the way he grunted back and forth with Chaff was any indication. They both stopped short, too instantly sober to trip over each other, making her wonder exactly how much every single one of them acted for the cameras until they set foot up here. Haymitch's "Johanna" had the same warning underscoring it as Finnick's No, you don't. Chaff's eyes narrowed so the slightest dilation of his pupils was only a flash, something she could easily have imagined if she hadn't seen it from all three men now in the last few hours. How many of these guys knew what was waiting for her anyway? "Yeah." She started patting around her hips to grab her shoes. Oh holy hell, she really had to leave. She had to go downstairs and wait until she — and do those things that — and yep, she needed to laugh right now because it was coming for her again, and this time there was no blood red carpet to catch her guts or her fall. "Wait." Finnick put his hand on Johanna's forearm and squeezed. He jutted his chin toward them, even as more laughing victors filed in behind and around them. "Chaff, did you meet Johanna yet?" She couldn't help it. Johanna flinched at the Did you know she's one of us? in the tonal push he gave them toward each other. She found her eyes flitting toward Haymitch to get a read on what he thought. The tight-lipped nod she saw him give Finnick easily could've been one of approval or I'm gonna kick your ass as soon as she's gone . Chaff's clapping her roughly on her upper arm, lightened by his truly warm laugh, tried to steer her in the approval direction. She hoped it was the right one. Five loud, whiskey-soaked minutes later, Haymitch again tried to get rid of her through Finnick. "She's late, kiddo." Sure, old man, sucker punch the fun right out of her. Why not? Chaff faltered in his smile, which was obviously meant to distract her from Haymitch whispering something sympathetic and low at Finnick. Defiant now, Finnick straightened and met Haymitch eye to eye. "I know. Do you?" "Finnick," Chaff said, his face paling with soft warning. "No," Johanna interrupted. She wasn't sure if the war of hurt and angry expressions was specifically about her, but she wasn't going to let them do that. She had to give as good as she got, right? Well, Finnick had given pretty good tonight. He wouldn't be at odds with them for her. She smiled over the acid of please, please, please don't make me go because all she wanted was to stay here and not say a word, maybe even more than she didn't want to step into the tube to take her into the arena last year. But Finnick wasn't as all-powerful as the producers liked to make him seem, not over this. Not over anything. No more than she was, and that was pretty damn un-powerful. "I'm good. I mean, I got all dressed up, right? It'll be fun to sit through the interviews without having to actually say anything this time. It's fine." Finnick didn't say anything, just looked damn sick. He held his hand up for her, though, his arm and wrist locked for her to lever herself and the dead weight of her dress up. Her dad used to do that, back when he thought she'd grow up to be a lady like his mother and wife, back before he was afraid to touch what she'd become instead. Despite their Capitol smoothness, she couldn't help thinking Finnick's hands were a lot stronger than her old man's. Good. Somebody in her life needed to be. "Johanna?" She hummed the requisite question back since he didn't wait for anything else and nodded sadly at her new shoes. "In the lobby, under the desk. I don't know if you've ever had one out Seven way, but tell the concierge you want a cola. Pour some on the sidewalk and soak the soles in it. Trust me; it'll help." If he saw her shrugged thanks, he didn't say. "G'night," she told them all. When Finnick called her name again, she was so close to the elevator door she almost didn't stop. His voice sounded sad, ominous, too Welcome to the Victors' Club, Wish You Weren't Here . She couldn't look at him, but she kept herself from running away with her hands over her ears by bracing herself with both hands white-knuckling the doorframe. "Keep breathing, and we'll have a chair for you by the popcorn popper. Deal?" Johanna smiled her last real smile of the night back at him. At least someone around here gave her a choice about something, even if it wasn't real. Maybe tomorrow she'd decide if she wanted a friend here. Then again, maybe she wouldn't. (October 2013) (Edited May 2014)