must of since she was the favourite." Aiden hugs me tightly and I hug him back. I try carefully not to get my tears on his clean neat blazer. "But she isn't here and I grew up with you Hayden. I love her and always will, but Hayden. You're my favourite even if it's wrong. Now you will win the hunger games. You will show our father that he doesn't matter anymore. He doesn't affect us and we're still happy." I nod my head and hug Aiden tighter. He's the best big brother ever. "Now your mascara is messed up. Go clean it up and me and Bridgette will wait in the car for you so we can make our way to the town's square." I smile at him and wipe my eyes, then head upstairs. Bridgette and I finally make it to the reapings. We get in the 16 age range and wait for our escort to start speaking. "Hello! Welcome, welcome to the 63rd hunger games district 2! As you know my name is Sunshine Palvin, and I am District 2's escort! I am so happy to be here again, and I know my fellow escorts are just as jealous," she laughs merrily into the microphone. She's such a weirdo. Her hair is dyed a bright yellow, like the sun. Her outfit is a bright yellow metallic-like dress dotted with sequins. Looking at her makes my eyes hurt. And I mean, hurt. "So first I bring you all a video from our wonderful Capitol." We watch this boring video about war and everything else no one cares about. It's honestly like a long lecture from school. I can hardly take it. "Now it's time to pick this year's tributes, although I expect it will be redundant. I've heard we have some courageous young people volunteering this year! That's not much of a surprise though." She winks to the crowd and then claps her hands together in excitement. "Ladies first!" She quickly grabs a name from the fish bowl and reads it out. "Evely-" I'm quick with my feet and words and put my hand up fast, yelling; "I volunteer as tribute!" I start to walk on stage with confidence in every footstep I take. I blow kisses to the crowd and wink at a few boys. "And what is your name, darling?" Sunshine asks me and I smirk, taking the microphone from her hands. "Hayden Hemmings." "Ah, a beautiful name with a beautiful young lady. Now for the boys!" As she starts to shuffle her arm around in the bowl, I search the crowd. I suddenly make eye contact with Ryder Greystone. He's eyes are red and his skin is paler than usual. He's been crying, obviously. He looks nervous and scared. And even though I didn't think he had the mind to win the hunger games, I didn't think he would do this. "He won't volunteer." I mutter to myself in disbelief, my eyes widening. As I mutter to myself I hear the name of a poor innocent guy who isn't expecting to actually enter the games. "Blake Hastings." I see people step back from a good looking guy with dark brown and blue eyes. He seems pretty relaxed. He probably thinks there's a volunteer. "Blake Hastings! Where are you?!" Sunshine shouts into the microphone with her high pitched voice, acting polite yet impatient. Blake freezes in his spot after realizing Ryder isn't going to volunteer. He takes slow steps towards the stage before finally making it up here. "Ladies and gentlemen, your district 2 tributes of the 63rd hunger games! You may shake hands!" I shake hands with Blake and give him a look of pity. He fakes a smile at me but I can see he's in too much shock to feel anything. I'm in the Justice building and I wait for people to visit me. If my mum comes in I will kick her out; but I know that won't happen. My first visitor is Aiden. "Promise me you'll be okay Hayden." He sobs. I smile at him. "Aiden. I promise I'll take care of myself. I love you." "I don't want to see you wear all those revealing outfits on TV." Aiden mutters and I laugh. "Aw Aideybear. Just the bad sides of being a big brother aye? It's okay. I'll see you again, I promise." I give him a big bear hug, before he leaves and Bridgette comes in. "Hayden! I can't believe you're going!" Bridgette isn't trying to stop herself from crying. She's going all out with it. Her mascara is falling onto her beautiful white dress. "Bridgette, stop crying! You're beautiful and I hate seeing you like this." I hug Bridgette tightly and she almost carries me up. "You're so short baby Haydey. I can carry you easily. And I love your hair. Especially how its brown then goes golden blonde. Dip dye the historians use to say it right? And your green eyes that all the boys fall for. I want them! And your model body. Oh my god. Hayden. I'm going to miss all that!" Bridgette bursts into even more tears and I hug her until the peacekeepers make her leave. My next visitor is my trainer. He basically wishes me luck and gives me tips. Then my last visitors are the rest of my friends including Harry. They're almost as sad as Bridgette, but not quite. I wonder how that guy Blake is doing. I wonder if a lot of people visited him? I guess so. I'm now a tribute of the 63rd hunger games. Game on. AN: Whoo! Long chapter. Well, long for me! I hope you guys liked it. Who is the girl Hayden and Aiden were talking about? Wonder what's Blake's back story? What's the actual reason Hayden's dad hates her? Who are the other tributes? Who will Hayden get along with? Only time will time. Hope you guys enjoyed. REVIEW, ALERT AND FAVOURITE!