doubt there were more. The recap showed exactly zero of those things. Mimi had not featured in the recaps much; not even her death was shown. Suffra still did not know how she died. Even though she was not credited with a single kill, Mimi had helped her district partner kill Suffra's ally during the feast. Somehow, that did not make Suffra hate her. That was the only thing about Mimi the recaps showed, apart from her screaming in a tree during the bloodbath. 'Goodnight, Krystal Alrich. Sleep tight.' Suffra could almost hear the words again, in Mimi's haunting all-knowing voice. Sometimes she dreamt them too, when her attempts at staying awake were unsuccessful, except in those cases they were directed at her. The pool of blood remained the same though. "Yes," Iva nodded, still watching Suffra's reaction cautiously. Suffra smiled to reassure her sister, then asked the question that she had asked once before, having been distracted by other matters and going home, but never truly received an answer of. "How did Mimi die?" she asked. "I haven't a clue," Iva admitted. "I was not in the room and I heard a cannon from the screens…" Suffra knew that Iva had been worried that it had been hers. "You were safe, so were Walton and Katran. They never showed it in the recaps." "It must have been really bad then," Suffra said. "For the Capitol, I mean. They usually revel in showing the death of district-people." Suffra blinked, her hands hovering over the knife which was still attached to her belt. It had taken her less than a few seconds to go back into her Games thought patterns, and she had not even noticed it. In a way it was good, seeing as that was the persona she would have to adopt on the Victory Tour and mentoring, but mostly it just made her completely sick. She swallowed, trying to get rid of the lump that had formed in her throat, before she continued. "It's what's different, isn't it?" she said. Esther had spoken out against the Capitol, and she had done so in a crowded square. There was little chance, due to the crowds, that the Peacekeepers would overhear her, but others milling around certainly would. She'd held complete confidence that everybody else agreed with her, which surely they did. "This time we got so close to actually having a martyr we could fight for, yet she turned out forgotten like all of the others." "Even in the final eight interviews, there weren't many people even in her home-district who knew her," Iva said, then thought about it. "I don't see why District 8 needs a martyr. Why does the symbol for what we are fighting for have to be dead?" Suffra got it, although none of them quite said what they meant. District 8 was ready to fight against the Capitol; they had been for a long time. Whenever they took an opening, or enough people felt emotional enough about something, they would go for it whether it was a good thing for them or not. District 8 was one of the first districts to start fighting the Capitol in the rebellion and one of the last to stop. Since then, there had been some minor attempts at rebellion. But it hadn't been full scale. The one thing District 8 had more than any of the other districts was population, but the majority had to be behind it 'do or die' for it to work. So far, that wasn't the case. They had people they cared about to protect after all. "Mimi would have been a great symbol if she was the survivor, wouldn't she?" Suffra said, unable to keep the wistful tone out of her voice. Shock crossed Iva's face as she moved closer to Suffra, taking more out of the statement and tone than Suffra meant to say. "Are you glad you survived?" Iva asked, and Suffra flinched at the directness. "It's what I was fighting for," Suffra said. That was the truth, and she was glad that she was back. But she was not glad about the way she had won the Games, or anything to do with that. She would happily forget it had happened, but that was hard to do when everything was designed to remind her. Suffra noted how Iva kept close to her as they finally returned to their old neighbourhood. The streets were mostly empty, apart from the Peacekeepers that were guarding the streets for anyone skipping work, and they did not stop again. As soon as the Peacekeepers recognized her, they were not even stopped. The neighbourhood was worse than she had remembered, the Capitol having spoilt her perspective. She sped up, stopping at their old house and looking inside. The house, a small single roomed shack surrounded by others, still belonged to them as technically that was where her family was meant to live. "I prefer this house," Suffra said, touching the outside wall of the house. She pushed the door open and looked inside, although it seemed smaller than it had done before. The walls were grey, like they were closing in on her. Her breathing came out sharper and quicker. It did not really look alike at all, but somehow it reminded her of the rocks. Tumbling on top of her; trapping her in… "Suffra," Iva said. Suffra paid little attention, her mind still elsewhere. "Suffra! Pay attention to me. Everything is fine." Suffra's looked at Iva, snapping out of it. "I'm fine. Let's go." Iva looked incredibly concerned, but pulled her sister up and let her lead the way back out of their old house. She'd wanted to return, yet had managed to stay there for less than a minute. The lie made its way to her lips again. "I really am fine." Secondary A/N: So, what do you think? Please tell me and leave a review. Don't forget to favourite and follow. :)