talking. They've sub-dued my sisters enough for her to talk again. "So, my dear volunteer, what is the name of our new tribute?" She asked me, putting the microphone in front of my mouth and I stare at her face blankly for a moment because my mind is stretching to think. They'll show these latter, to the whole world and I know that I have to get sponsors later, so I'd best act like I wanted to volunteer. With this in mind I force a smile that probably comes out like a grimace and answer her. "Katfir Everdeen." I tell her, I'm surprised at how steady my voice is but I'm not surprised by the high-pitched scream of sorrow that comes from my sister. She needs to be quite or they'll punish her again. "Katfir, I'll bet anything that, the young girl right there was your sister, wasn't it?" Effie asks to me and I force my eyes to meet Katniss' as I answer her. "My twin sister, yes." I say and it seems just as steady as before but I can almost hear the pain that was coming from my family now as they're dragged from the viewing area because of the noise they are permitting. "Well isn't this wonderful, let's see which young man will be joining you in the glorious Hunger games." She says into the microphone and I turn my head to watch her nearly skip to the other bowl. I'm not numb anymore, now I'm alert and because of this alertness when my eyes meet Haymitch's again I can see more then the pain, I can see the anger. He's angry enough that should a peacekeeper come with in ten paces of him I'm sure that Haymitch would take the chance to snap there necks or worse, he'll make the death painful. His status as victor won't save him from that because murder is punishable by death in public whipping. So I keep his eyes locked with mine as Effie Trinket takes her time choosing a paper from the bowl. I'm hoping that as long as his attention is on me he won't do anything dangerous with his balled up fists. I breathed in deep when I heard Effie next to me open the next paper. I got a moment of warning, as I read the name, breaking eye-contact with Haymitch. "Peeta Mellark." She says I swivel my head to look for him. How much did the odds hate me? First my sister, then me, then Peeta? I let out one of my own cries, and force my hand over my mouth. Peeta is just as numb as I'd been when my sister's name was called. I can see that nothing has really hit him yet but when they finally stop him at the steps, like they'd done to me. He stands there for a moment before waking up the steps. His eyes are reeling, going everywhere and I want to cry just as much as I'd wanted to but been unable to do for my sister. "Well, here we are District 12 our two tributes to represent us in the Hunger Games. How about a handshake between tributes?" Effie tells us. I turn to stare at Peeta and we are both unable to process what's happening. I can't take it, so instead of giving him a handshake I hug him. I couldn't help myself. He was my best friend; I'd known him since I was five. He crushes me in his own arms and we can't do anything else because it's time for the crowd to applaud for us but no one is. We separate now to look out, and I have to force the tears back because I know that the cameras will be showing this later, and it won't be good if I end up with poofy red eyes. Instead I listen as the mayor is handed the microphone, and he begins readying to us the long Treaty of treason, which he is required to read to us every year. I try not to show any emotion, but like I've said before, I'm not good with hiding emotions. My eyes are trained on the hill; I know that I'd just been there that morning hunting with my axe. Would I even be able to get my axe? Maybe someone will find it one day and put it to good use by feeding their family with it. For a moment I let my eyes move around again. Prim and Katniss are both crying and enveloped in my mother's arms. I want to say that I feel sad but I'm happy that I could take Katniss' place. Now that her name has been officially called she can't be called again. Mine can't either, merely because if I don't come back I'll be dead, and if I do come back I'll be a Victor. Wait…If I come back I'll be a victor. If I come back I'll be with Haymitch in those beautiful houses and I'll be able to understand what he's been through. My family won't have to worry anymore because I'll be able to support them with the Family's Act which gives them free food and money every month. I'll be able to take care of everybody indefinitely. All I have to do is survive. And I'm good at surviving. Hey guys! Looks like I'm back in action right? Don't know how long I've been gone a long time but it feels like forever! I don't know how long the updates are going to be now and how far apart they are going to be so try and bare with me while I get back in the swing of things. There is a poll on my profile so go and vote for what story you want me to start next! I'm going to start doing a question an update, so here's the first one. Who is your favorite Hunger Games character and why?