as I pick, I start to think. Not necessarily about bad things, just more about things I am doing-or well, am obligated to in the coming month. After Christmas, Gale and I have to take Farryn to the Capitol, so that she can be officially registered as a citizen of the country. Besides that, I have been ordered, ever since I came back home after the hovercraft crash, to visit the President at least once a year. Usually, these meetings are more for his benefit than mine. All he really does is meet with me in his home, and he asks me various questions, to which I must answer all of them. Then, once he's done with his questions, he casually talks about the upcoming Games, and how the Capitol keeps on thriving, despite little quarrels through the districts that pop up 'here and there'. I don't know why exactly he likes to do this every year. Maybe he does it to rub the whole, 'I'm still winning, and you're still loosing' thing in my face. If that really is the case, then I really don't care. I can't care anymore. I have so many other people to live for other than myself, and the last time I did what I wanted to do, I lost people I cared about. Besides meeting with the President, there's also an annual 'reunion' of the surviving victors from the Games at the first of the year, and it's broadcasted live throughout the country. Caesar Flickerman hosts it, and each of us do a 'update' interview with him. This year, I'll have to bring up my daughter. He'll certainly be thrilled about that. They all will be. Thinking about all of that has caused me to start picking at the berries a little too roughly, and I flinch as the padding on my thumb meets the tip of one of the thorns. Cursing quietly, I place the basket on the ground and bring my thumb up to my mouth. The taste of blood drips onto my tongue, and it tastes of metal and salt, really gross, but I don't care. A little prick on the finger is nothing to me. Not after some I've endured one to many injuries that were far worse than this. "Katniss!" I whirl around instantly upon hearing my name. "Katniss!" There it is, again. Confused and increasingly growing on edge, I frown, and quickly scan the bases of the trees behind the house. Nothing. I see nothing. But...I heard my name. How is that...? "When you visit the Capitol soon, be prepared to see me." ...That's Effie's voice. I'd know it anywhere. Her musical, high pitched tone is so unique, it couldn't be anyone else. And then, I look up, and I see it. A jabberjay, sitting on one of the limbs of the trees above me. Its head cocks to the side, and I gaze into its beady little eyes. "Haymitch." That's the last thing it says before flying away while echoing the name again, and again, and again. The single word fades as the bird flies off deeper into the forest, but I find myself flabbergasted right then and there. How the hell? What the hell? What just happened? I know it was Effie's voice the jabberjay was mimicking, but how in the world did she know where I was? I hadn't seen her since before the Quarter Quell. Hell, I didn't even know if the Capitol decided to keep her alive or not. Sure, I'm completely relieved that she is alright, but still...that doesn't make my confusion fade away. What does she want with me? What did she mean when she said that I should be prepared to see her in just a couple weeks? And...the question that bothered and confused me the most. Before the jabberjay flew away, it said Haymitch. As in, Haymitch Abernathy. That's what really bothers me. I have no idea how to feel about that. Does this mean I'll see him too? I don't know if I'm ready for that. Who knows what he's like, now that he lives in the Capitol? I shudder at the thought of a brainwashed Haymitch, then flinch wildly as a hand comes down on my shoulder. As I turn, I take in the utterly confused expression of my sister. "Katniss...are you alright?" She asks me, worry evident in her voice. It takes me a moment to answer her, but I swallow and manage a smile. "Yeah, Prim. I'm fine. I just got distracted for a bit." Before she can retort with a series of questions I know she's dying to ask, I shrug and move around her to pick up the basket full of berries, then pull her towards me, flinging my arm across her shoulders. "Come on, let's get inside. How was your day?" I ask, desperate to change the subject. We both walk through the snow, and she sighs, then shrugs against my arm. "It was fine. Nothing new. Lady's pregnant. Did I tell you that? It will probably be her last one." I smirk at the mention of Prim's pygmy goat as we reach the small porch of my home, and shake my head as I open the door and usher her inside. "No, I didn't know that. What are you wanting this time? A boy or a girl?" Prim shuffles over to the dining table and puts down a seperate basket, full of silverware, and begins to take off her outerwear, casually tossing it onto one of the empty chairs. "I'm not sure. I'm thinking a boy would be better though. Wesson has a ton of does, so I'm thinking a few billy's wouldn't be a bad idea." She shoots a wink at me, and I laugh. This is what I need right now. Family. Not to worry about what just happened minutes earlier outside. I try to remember that as I move into the kitchen and begin on preparing dinner.