final moments. Though we didn't see it, I doubt Thresh went quietly, something I admire-anything to make President Snow's and people of the Capitol's lives uncomfortable. It wouldn't do at all to have a Victor not be appreciative of the fact that he gets to live, even if it means that twenty-three others don't. "I'm looking forward to it more than other years. Although, if it was anything like his first interview, it will probably be short and uncomfortable. He didn't look like he was a fan of casual conversation," I note to Katniss, who still hasn't opened her eyes. She immediately frowns. "The Capitol might not give him a choice. It wouldn't surprise me if they force-feed him lines. Especially because everyone saw him attack the hovercraft." "Yeah, it wouldn't do to have people from the Districts try the same thing with a Peacekeeper," I mutter lowly, but Katniss still hears it, and this time she opens her eyes and stares at me harshly. "It wouldn't Gale." "Why Katniss? " I return, not backing down. "The Rebellion was over seventy years ago. Most of us don't have relatives who were even alive during it. The Capitol is sacrificing children for things that they have no responsibility for, whose parents have no responsibility. It can't go on forever. I still have almost two decades worth of worrying to do over whether one of my brothers or my sister is going to be taken. Somebody has to stop it, and I'm more than willing to help." "Why does it have to be you, though?" Katniss asks passionately, her grey eyes flashing. "Let somebody else handle it." I run my hand harshly over my face before answering. "Because how many people are going to think the same exact thing? Leave it to someone else, because I don't want to get my hands dirty. If that's the case then any rebellion is doomed from the start." "Innocent people would die, Gale, a lot of them," she challenges again, continuing the argument we've had so many times. I look at her critically. "They already are Catnip, twenty-three every year, not even counting the Quarter Quells or the people who die everyday because they can't get enough to eat. And it's not about forestalling a rebellion anymore, if it ever was. It's all just a fucking show to them. They even dress us up and put us in makeup before they slaughter us like it's some kind of privilege." I know she's scared of the possibility of rebellion. I am too, but I'm even more scared of starving to death, of dying down in the mines like my father, of watching my brothers or little Posy being killed for fun. I don't even know what I would do if they tried to take Katniss. It's always been a possibility, one that we've contemplated, but that was just talk, meaningless words. My temper is something I can barley control as it is, I'd most likely break the nearest Peacekeeper in half, take as many down as I could before they could stop me. All for someone I love, but who wants nothing to do with those sorts of feelings. Katniss was so scared for Prim this year in her first Reaping, but she knows she could still volunteer next year if it came down to it. Reality hasn't set in for her about what it will be like when she no longer has that option. It would be better to die standing tall against the Capitol with a sense of pride in a war instead of letting them keep us beaten down our entire lives. I know deep down she agrees with me. The death of her father and years of struggling to live have made her a fighter. We're quiet again. Though we argue, it never crosses a certain line. We have too much affection for each other that developed over the years of dependence on each other. The Capitol has seen fit to make sure we have as little as possible, so it won't take our friendship as well. "Would you consider taking Rory with you one day this week?" I ask her, changing the topic. She shifts her body towards me, leaning her head on her hand. "If it's something you want. But I do like Rory, so if he ends up being better than you with a bow, I may take him as my new hunting partner." "You couldn't get rid of me if you tried Catnip," I smile at her lightly, enjoying when she returns it. I do love to see her smile. "Plus, Rory's a novice. I wouldn't say patience for teaching is high up on the list of characteristics I admire you for." "Care to fill me in on what is on that list?" Oh, if you had any idea. Well, I think she probably has a good idea, but there's no use in me saying it out loud because she wouldn't appreciate it. "Maybe another time. We need to get to the Hob." She just nods in acceptance, and I'm glad she didn't inquire any further into the Rory question. It's something I've meant to do, but unfortunately have neglected. It would be nice if Rory could hunt, but it is about more than that. It's always been about surviving, no matter whether that is surviving life in the Seam, surviving in the Hunger Games...or surviving in a rebellion. As Katniss and I walk side by side back towards the, hopefully, harmless fence meant to cage us in, I can't help but believe that something is going to happen, something that will change the status quo. I know there are people like me who don't want to take the Capitol's oppression anymore. Maybe all they need is a push. Something about the end of these 74th Hunger Games, and the new Victor from 11 makes me think the interview tonight will be a push in the right direction.