the shoulders. She then says that, if give it one more big push, she should be able to pull out. I take a deep breath. I can hear my heart beat. I'm dripping with sweat. Cato's hand is completely purple. Not once has his eyes left mine throughout this whole thing. His eyes convince me to give it my all. With the last strength I have, I push it through. Prim's mom then exclaims, " I got it! I can get it now!" I can feel her slide the thing out of me. My vision is blurry. I can barely see Cato cut the cord. Prim takes the child away to clean it up a bit. She then tells me it's a girl. I smile to Cato to show that I'm so happy to have our new baby girl. Prim hands her to me so I can feed her. However, I only get 5 minutes to do so before I feel contractions again. Prim takes her to an incubation chamber as her mother prepares for the arrival of our next child. I take Cato's hand again and prepare to start all over. However, the newborn is out so quickly, that I don't feel a thing. I am told that its a boy. I am so relieved to finally be able to hold my children in my arms. I am given a special pillow so I can hold them as they both feed off me. I begin to tear up because I'm thrilled to finally have my children cradled in my arms. Cato too begins to tear up. He kisses my hand again, and says,"Its such a beautiful thing to witness the bond that is formed between mother and child! Its just unbelievable that I am witnessing my children bond with their mother. Thank you so much for giving me these beautiful children. I'm so proud of you!" I start to smile from ear to ear as my body begins to fill with joy. Once they are done feeding I allow Cato to hold each of them, one at a time. He takes the girl first. He looks so attractive with a child in his arms. He pokes at her nose a little, and she grabs his finger. It's so adorable. Seeing this new side of Cato, is priceless. He is officially a father. I'm officially a mother. We are both parents now, and we are enjoying every minute of it. We eventually trade so he can hold his son. Next we realize we need to name them. We decide to name the girl after Katniss, because she is a fighter. We want her to be just as strong as she is. I decide to name the boy Cato jr., after his father. I want him to be just like his dad. Cato disagrees, because he feels he is not that special. He knows I won't take no for an answer. So it's settled. Our kids are named Katniss and Cato Jr. At some point, we give them to Prim and her mother so they can lay them down for a nap. I am so relieved to finally have them out. Don't get me wrong. I loved the experience. I just wanted it to be over, because it's been way too long since I've felt relaxed. I then notice that Cato is bleeding from his forehead. His legs are still bandaged, and he can barely stand. His legs are really wobbly. I suppose he was so focused on getting to me, he didn't even notice that he needs medical attention. I tell him to go clean himself up, but he refuses. He wants to stay by my side. He doesn't want to leave me again. To be honest, I want him to stay. And he does. After a couple hours, we allow Peeta and Katniss to come in and see our kids. They congratulate us, hold them for a few minutes, and step out so we can be alone again. I'm in the hospital three days. They want to keep an eye me, because I lost a large amount of blood somehow. Cato doesn't leave my side once. He still won't get the medical attention he needs. I won't nag him about, because I don't want stress him out more than he already is. On the third day, about an hour or so before my release, we hear a large explosion. Then we hear gunfire. Chapter 45 I start to get really nervous. Cato gets the kids for me, and he, Prim, and her mother begin to wheel us to an emergency exit. However, we are stopped by several peacekeepers. They're here for us. I don't know what to do. I look to Cato to see if he can figure this out. He kisses me and the kids on the forehead, pulls out a hidden sword out of his pants, and charges into the hoard of peace keepers, cutting them to pieces. I can hear his anger and pain. It's a distraction. The peace keepers are focused on him. Prim and her mother wheel me and the kids out a secret passage and to an emergency hover craft. As the door closes, I scream, "No, no! We can't leave him!" Prim's mom then says, "We need to get you to safety. We have no choice. He sacrificed himself for you. He would want you to go." I don't even listen to her. I've lost him again, and this time, probably for good. As the hover craft starts to take off, Prim takes the kids from me and I stumble out of the stretcher and run towards the window. I then get a glimpse of him become submerged under the sea of peacekeepers. I begin to bang on the window and cry, "No Cato, No! No, no, no! Cato! Cato! No! Don't leave me...please! I need you! I need you like a heart needs to beat! Please...don't go." END OF BOOK II