seventeen year old cage, and he was about to be killed! No, he was getting killed, right in front of my eyes. I couldn't see him directly, but I knew that he was getting killed in front of me. Somewhere in that cage, he was getting killed by a bullet or two or five. Chip was an immature, stupid, seventeen year old who got on my nerves, but it wasn't his fault, I made him like that. He used to be the smart one in the family, until I dropped that saw on his head four years ago. I was being stupid with the saw, holding it above my head like an ax about to be swung. Chip nearly died because of that, and now he was dead, and the last thing I ever did to him was yell at him in a fit of anger. He'd never hear me apologize or give him a good comment ever again. The thoughts going through his head before he died must of been horrible. Chip may of been stupid, annoying, and a cry baby, but he was still my older brother who I played with when we were younger. That Capitol lady. That fucking Capitol lady! The way she calmly said our ages and reacted to the sound of gunfire and death, it was like our lives meant nothing to her. I saw the peacekeepers, I saw that in their eyes, they didn't really want to shot us, but they had to, it was their job and their lives were on the line as well. That fucking bitch up on that stage with that annoyingly high voice didn't give half a fuck about our lives. We were sub-human to her. She was murdering more then fifty kids, and didn't even bat an eye. The anger inside me boiled as I thought of those lives she was destroying. The life she was destroying for Chip. For Oksana. For me. For the rest of my siblings. After the sound of gunfire finished, the escort emotionlessly asked for volunteers. The anger inside me exploded as she asked for volunteers so calmly. What just happened in front of her was like a walk through the forest. It meant little to her, if anything. "I volunteer!" I shouted angrily as I ran to the cage door and grabbed it before shaking it with my hands. "I volunteer I volunteer I volunteer!" A peacekeeper unlocked the door before I ran out of the cage, past the peacekeepers, and up the stage. "Well, look who's eager to get into the-" The district's escort started, but didn't finish, as I picked up the microphone stand in front of her and swung it as hard as I could at her head. I heard a thick crackle of static as the metal objects hit her across the face before she fell onto the stage. Blood sprayed out of the escort's mouth as he spun in a half circle and fell to the ground without so much as a grunt. I heard the voice of my district partner scream out in fright as I the Capitol body hit the steel below our feet. My district partner had thick, shiny brown hair that was tied in a loose pony tail, her green eyes wide with shock, and she wore a clean yellow dress. She was tiny framed, but she was a little fat in arenas of her body. She was probably a rich girl who never saw violence committed in front of her. "You bitch!" I shouted as I slammed the microphone stand on the Capital escort again. "You fucking bitch!" Slam. "Do." Slam. "You." Slam. "Know." Slam. "What." Slam. "You've." Slam. "Done!" Slam. I was about to hit her again, but then I felt thick arms wrap around my throat, cutting off my air supply. I fought back, but darkness washed over me, and the world turned black." Willow Jacksmith's POV The boy, the infamous Timber "Saw" Carther, got choked out by a peacekeeper before his body went limp. Timber was infamous for both her anger, and his deadly accidents that involved saws. He was a walking disaster with saws for some reason. Give him a saw and something bad'll happen. That's what I've heard from the kids at school. I've never seen him in person, but with all the talk about him, I feel as if I do know him. Black haired with dark brown skin, a green and black flannel shirt that was dirty and torn over a dirty white shirt with equally torn up black pants. It showed that he was from the poor side of the district. The very poor side. Either that, or he chooses not to wear his best wears for the reapings. Either way, he was scary. He had beaten the escort with little remorse. A violent boy with an anger problem, I didn't like the way things were heading for me. With our escort down, we were lead to the justice building for our last goodbyes by the head peacekeeper. For me, I knew it was my last goodbye. I'd never survive the arena. I sat down, and cherished the time I had left with the people who meant something in my life. A/N: Edited as of July 6th 2014. Not much of an edit, but I hope that it's something. Ok, well, that's the D7 reaping with my own characters, just to show you how the reapings are going down. Basically, the quarter quell was kept a secret from the districts in order to bring surprise to them when the reapings came. And instead of name getting drawn, an age group is drawn before those of that age get murdered. The escort then asks for volunteers, and if nobody volunteers, another age group gets massacred, until someone finally volunteers. Fiddlegirl, if you've noticed a striking resemblance between my reapings and your reapings, it's because I got the idea from you. Hope you don't mind.