of my life became darker. The bark is rough against my back as I lean into the tree and sigh, absolutely exhausted. Slowly, I sink to the ground at the root of the tree, finally I can stop running and relax. I grab the mountain dew and twist the cap breaking the seal and put the bottle to my lips, the fizzy lime flavor explodes in my dry mouth and washes down my hot, burning throat. Over the next two hours I sit and think while taking small sips from the bottle and finish half of it. The temperature drops, I can even feel it through my hoodie, goose bumps prick the layers of my skin and I shudder. Why's it have to be so cold? It's like everything is out to get me. Even the weather. All at once the trees shake. It's rougher than it would be if it were caused by the small gusts of wind. A shilloute appears stepping out of the darkness. My eyes widen, instantly watering from the cold. I spring up to my feet capping my drink and shoving it in the front pocket of the hoodie. I see the broad outline of the figure that's taller than me and the blue eyes against the dim moonlight. They stare straight at me as the only sound is the low howl of the wind and the leaves of the trees rustling emitting the sound of waves rolling off an ocean. Their hairs light and cut short, and the figures huge, larger than me, it leads me to my conclusion; they have to be a boy, there is no way possible it's a girl. I take a shaky breath my insides quivering, I should say something, or run, I need to do something. "Katniss? " it's a male's voice that speaks. They take a step closer the identity of the silhouette is revealed. And I am shocked. "Peeta, what are you doing out here?" I ask cynically. I'm agitated and feeling odd, he's becoming stranger and stranger and I only want him to back off. I'd hoped I was done with running tonight; but maybe I'm not. "Funny, I could ask you the same thing," He says his voice not faltering as he immediately shoots the question back at me like we're playing some game of ping-pong with our words. "I have my reasons, and why'd you think I'd tell you?" I reply hotly before I even think about it. "Knew you wouldn't, but I thought I could at least try. Let me take a different approach on this, could you please leave? I'll even walk you home if you want." "No thank you," I mutter not feeling the three words one bit. "I'd like to be here alone right now and you should mind your own business." "No, I don't care why you're out here at the moment but you shouldn't be, definitely not right now." he says ignoring my question completely. I do understand what he means there are coyote's and other predators out here at night also in the small town of the seam near the woods there are thugs, and random shootings all the time. However, I don't understand why he's concerned about me, and he's rubbing me the wrong way even if he seems to be genuinely worried. And then there's that weird fact that I've encountered him twice today, both times he initiated them. "You know if you're trying to get something from me you should give up right now because your not getting anything from me." "I'm not trying to get something from you, but I believe you shouldn't be here and I hate to just leave you here." I glower at him. "What right do you have to tell me what to do, I will do what's in my best interest, and there's absolutely nothing you can do to persuade me otherwise." I hiss as my anger spikes. "Besides, you must have something in mind, may I remind you this is your second time approaching me today," I exaggerate the word today. He sighs running his hand over his face as if stressed. "No, I'm just concerned about your safety, no matter how much you want to degrade yourself in your mind your still a person, and I'm trying to help you." He looks me in the eye and I have a hard time holding his gaze. "Can't you just leave the woods, please?" "I'd rather not. And if your so set on doing what's best for me then I suggest you leave." What exactly is going on? Three years nothing like this has ever happened, so why now? Who does he think he is? But most importantly what do I do? I just don't know, I can't quite decide. "Look, it's like committing suicide if-" he begins, once again trying to reason with me, he should know it's pointless. If he won't make a move to leave then I will. "Forget it," I tell him situating the drink in the big pocket of my hoodie where my hands should be. The element of suprise is the best thing to have on your side in a situation such as this one. I whip around and run through the dark forest I know like the back of my hand. In between the trees, under the branches, through the cobwebs, faster, faster, the wind slams into my face I run on my adrenaline rush. And he chases me, he'll never catch me though, I won't allow it. The wind swishes in my ears at running and my legs throb, the drink splashes but it blends in well with the rustle of the leaves above. ( This was written on my phone so there may have been grammar mistakes.) Okay if you guys like this chapter their will be another one, alright? Because I do have some what of an idea of what could be in chapter 2. Review :)