a minute and then reemerged with a not one but two of my favorites, the baker had made cinnamon rolls. The smell was incredible as I inhaled the sweet mixture of cinnamon and sugar drizzled all over the top. They were incredibly pricey and usually reserved for the Peacekeepers and important District Officials but if there were extras or if there were any stale rolls they were anybody's game as far as he was concerned. It wasn't good to be around when he set out extras because the competition to get them could be fierce. "For you my clever fox. Here's something to eat it with as well." He removed from his pocket a large white napkin that smelled vaguely like flour. I'm a little annoyed by his remark but I keep it to myself. He must have heard one of my peers using the comparison and stuck with it. My unofficial nickname among my peers is Foxface and it's used to single me out for teasing. Foxface, for better or worse, is better than some of the other names I've been called so I'm not complaining about that. I wrapped my treats and took a bite of warm cinnamon and sugar. "Mmm." I say after I swallow the mouthful. "Now, tell me what you do again?" Mr. Hollinger asks a little embarrassed. His memory as of late hasn't been what it used to be." "I'm a Messenger sir." I reply. "A messenger for what?" "The power-plants. I spend my day running around the plants and running messages to where they need to go. It used to be an important job but now a lot of it's more automated." "Oh. I remember now. Thank you Miss Emerson. "Thank you!" I gesture with the rolls. He gave a hearty laugh. "I'm glad it meets your seal of approval! Have a good day Miss Emerson!" he called out as I turned to leave and hastened for a train that was to take me to the two power stations situated mid mountain. Midway up the small hill for the station I heard someone calling my name. After a moment the person moves into view, another messenger is calling my name. After a second I see it's Cassie, a girl I've known all my life from school. After an excited greeting she bounces up to me with wavy black hair floating in the breeze. "Hey Finch!" she says calling me by my shortened middle name. Cassandra is one of the few people outside of my family who I allow to call me by my full name of Katherine (or some variation on it) but she uses both names interchangeably. Cassandra is one of the few people my age that are actually decent to me. She may come from a boonie family but that hasn't stopped her at all from trying to help me open myself up to another person. Social interaction has never been my forte but I think its safe to say that I no longer retreat when someone talks to me. "Hi Cassie!" I say as well, excited to see her. Before she says anything else I give the other roll to her. Her eyes widen. "Thank you!" she says digging into the cinnamon roll. "Ready to get back to work?" I ask. When we're not running around the two of us are in a secondary school. Half of the kids will go one week, the other half the next. In this way you both learn and do your job. Those who can attend school until they're 18 where we are taught all of the technical skills needed to keep the power on. We can take further classes in the evenings to specialize in a field of work. I'm currently in additional schooling to become a doctor (or some sort of medical specialist). I don't need to have any advanced specialty like the doctors from the Capitol do; I just want to help people. "Sure, I wasn't too happy about my commute this morning though." she says mysteriously. "What do you mean?" I ask. She pulls me aside swiftly. "Look around, there's more Peacekeepers here today than there have been!" she whispers. I resist the urge to roll my eyes. Cassandra is prone to over-exaggerating details. I'm about to tell her to stop when a group of four walk by. Confused I look around and suddenly notice she's right. The one I ran into back at the bakery is new and not one of the three dozen normally assigned in this portion of town. A truck rumbles by farther ahead, in the back are lots of new faces. On the street corners closer to the station there are also a number of new Peacekeeper's standing around looking around unsure of what they're doing here or at least pretending to be professional. This normally wouldn't surprise me. A large garrison of Peacekeepers is maintained throughout our district but their presence is largely invisible. They mainly sit as security (and sometimes as extra manpower) at the plants. This though? Up farther on the hill to the train station there are eight standing as if they're looking for someone and there's a long queue just to get on the train. This doesn't bode well at all. First chapter completed! I think it might have been detail heavy for a first chapter, but seeing as this is a District we don't know much about, I feel it's important to build a mental picture for you. The things mentioned will gain increasing importance in the future. Don't disregard this chapter. Less detail, more action to come soon. Just as a final note, I'll be picking and choosing some elements from the books and movies. It's mostly confined to things like dialogue, but I don't think it will make a huge impact on the story that will unfold in later chapters. I'll give you a warning when this happens. Your feedback is always appreciated! Yours in writing, theotherpianist