Mags lets Finnick give her a hand getting out of her chair after lunch, and she lets him escort her to her room at night. For over a year, she's been keeping a firm hand on her independence. Even now, she makes him go do reconnaissance by checking out the other tributes in the training room, while she practices survival skills that are years rusty, but that come back with surprising ease. But she's stopped pretending not to lean on him. With the Quarter Quell only days away, it's more unclear than ever who's taking care of whom. Finnick goes through his days cocky as hell, acting like his victory is a foregone conclusion. The only doubt he publicly admits to is whether Mags will make it to the arena, and for that he insists she needs him nearby in case she falls and breaks her hip, or has another stroke. They've always used her age as a camouflage for their teamwork. When he disappears behind her closed doors at night, though, it's to lie beside her in bed, tense, shivering, silently wrestling with the thoughts that haunt him. Mags is almost glad the stroke means she isn't expected to say anything, because she can't find any words. Her hand, holding his or stroking his hair, is all the comfort she can give. Tonight she has no comfort. As soon as they enter her room, Mags moves to sit at the breakfast table and pulls out the pictures of the tributes that she had pocketed earlier. A sharply inhaled gasp from Finnick tells her that he knows what's coming. "Mags-" Katniss. Peeta. And herself, face down, only the blank white back of the printout showing. Finnick comes to her and kneels by her feet. Mags takes his hands in hers, and then she touches his cheek gently, telling him that she knows this isn't easy for him. "It's not going to come to that." He may be repeating his earlier words, but he's not laughing this time. They come out in a whisper, a plea with the universe. Mags holds on, comforting and waiting. Not relenting. Finnick sits back on his heels and squeezes her hands. Some kind of resolution settles on his face. "I'll let you decide what you want when the time comes. That's all I can promise, Mags." Mags nods and squeezes back, though her stomach is clenched in fear. He's leaving her a way out at the last minute, and hoping she'll take it. She's counter-hoping that she has what it takes not to, and wishing he weren't making this harder on her. Because she wants so badly to believe he's right, that he can pull this off. He is her boy, after all, and he's done the impossible before. But Mags didn't spend her life working in secret to undermine her war now. The last contribution she can count on is going to have to be helping Finnick through this. Everyone else is obsessing over Katniss's state of mind, but she's remembering all the years she and Finnick spent working together. A child falling asleep in her arms, a man coming home with memories he won't talk about. She only has now to get through to him. I'm proud of you. Did I tell you that? I thought I had time. How in the rolling sea she thought she had time, she has no idea, but every day was like the one before, until suddenly it wasn't. Finnick lays his head in her lap for a moment. Then he raises his eyes to hers, stricken. "I'm sorry, Mags. I didn't know." Mags pulls him close, winds her fingers through his hair. She can feel his chest heaving silently. It's not your fault. How does she tell him that? Yes, it was his idea to get Katniss out of the arena, and he was confident he could pull it off. Yes, he convinced everyone in Four to let the Reaping happen, so he could volunteer if he wasn't reaped. When no one, not even Mags, could figure out how to send a male tribute without a female one, she agreed to volunteer too, and never breathed a hint of doubt when he promised her she'd come home. But it's not his fault that Katniss turned out to have a mind of her own. It's not his fault that Peeta volunteered, or that Katniss decided she'd rather die than walk out without Peeta. It's not his fault that his priorities suddenly got turned on their head, or that Mags is preparing to pay the price of his confidence. My boy. She lays her hand on his chest, feels his heart pounding, and he takes a deep breath, getting himself under control. Showing her, even now, that he's thinking, not reacting. I'm proud of you. When they turn out the lights, she pretends to be asleep, sensing that he needs privacy while he cries. But once he's breathing slowly and quietly, Mags feels a strange sort of peace settle over her. Four is in rebellion. A lot of good men and women are going to die, but she's lived to see this day. She's dragged unwilling children into the arena, but she's trained the ones who are going to fight their people free of these shackles. After everything she did to make Annie hate her, she brought Finnick into Annie's life, and Annie forgave her. They'll be in good hands, both of them: each other's. The only loose thread is her own life. Bittersweet as it's been, no part of her wants to let go. She may be eighty years old to look at, but like she told Annie, she'll never stop being surprised to catch sight of herself in the mirror and not see a fifteen-year-old girl. But that fifteen-year-old has been living on borrowed time for over sixty years, and Mags has dedicated her life to earning that time. She can't stumble at the finish line.