might see her again. And Ezra seemed to forget to mention he was in 12. They go with the presentation, basically covering all that Ezra had told me, minus the foul language. Slowe finishes with, "We're sending two operatives and an analyst to District 12 to find information on Mallory or Mallory himself, and they are Gardner, Hawthorne, and Moffat, who you will meet in 6 when your train stops there." "Slowe, when are we leaving?" His voice is polite. I see her stiffen. "One week. You will have three months to find Mallory, and if you can't in that time, this case will be reassigned. This is one of the most dangerous and longest assignments you have had. If you find Mallory, you are to contact Paylor and a group will come to detain him. "And if he somehow dies in the process?" I ask. "He dies. We're fairly certain he's guilty." Ezra nods, like he was expecting that, and then goes back to the newspaper, apparently half listening. "You will receive train tickets tomorrow," Slowe finishes. Dammit. Three months away from Oline. I don't envy Ezra, who will come back to a wife about to go into labor. Or three months with Katniss, Mom, and the kids. Paylor starts explaining other things, but my mind's not on it. I'm near the day I've been both dreading and anticipating for six years. I might see her again. Katniss. "Why didn't you tell me he was in 12?" "What did you expect me to say?" Ezra shoots back. "'Hey Gale, we're going back to your district so you can relive your shitty childhood and kill someone.' Sorry that I didn't want you to ruin your chances of getting a case." "I can't go back there," I say, shaking my head. "I can't." "Because of your dad? The war?" "Katniss," I say quietly. "You've got Oline," Ezra says quickly. "You love Oline. You aren't like me, Gale. You've got Oline, and you love her." Three months away from Oline. Or three months with Katniss. A headache throbs behind my temples and I excuse myself, mumbling something about how I need to get home. I pull into Oline's driveway and pause for a moment, briefcase in hand, as I think. How long ago had it been since I'd seen Katniss? Would I even see her in District 12? And if I do, will I even want to come back to Oline? Katniss won't want to see me after Prim's death. After the bombs I helped make killed hundreds of innocent kids. But had she forgiven me? When was the last time I'd even seen her? Christ, I can't even remember. I steady my pace and walk in, locking the door behind me. Oline sits in a chair in front of the television, leaning in to watch new footage. There aren't details on the news channel, aren't opinions. In many ways, nothing's changed since before the war. There are just no Games. I catch the headlines on the channel. DISTRICT 4: TERRORISM AND CHAOS. The video shows a large market on a dock, fishing boats moored to it. Everything seems peaceful. The skies are blue. I've watched the video countless times at work, but what happens next always terrifies me. I grit my teeth together as a sound like thunder strikes, and one end of the dock falls into the sea. There are screams. A wall of fire had started somewhere, and as I watch, a man who had just been unloading crates tried to make a run through it. His shirt catches fire. Flames crawl up his body. Smoke fumes from his hair. He shrieks and runs, jumping off the pier to the water below. The whole dock had caught fire by then, and the front crumbles and crashed into the waves with people on it. The footage stops rolling and goes back to a clean, safe newsroom. The anchorwoman says that that had been only one of the four bombings in the district. The rest had been too graphic to show. "Gale, do you believe this? Another three died today." "I've got to talk to you about something," I say, avoiding her question. "I've got a trip to go on next week." "How long?" Oline is used to my trips. "Three months, at the most." That's longer than any of the previous ones. She glances up from the television, bewildered. "The others were maybe two, max." "This is a big case, hon." "Where are you going?" "It's classified, hon." She nods. She was expecting that, but she still looks worried. "What about Rory? He was going to come up. He'll be disappointed." No, he won't. Aloud, I say, "I'll call him tomorrow. He can come up when I get back." The people on the news channel are discussing the possible suspects for the attacks. They don't mention Garrus Mallory. I clench my fists. What's Paylor playing at? "Gale, is this about 4?" "No," I lie. "It's classified, Oline." She nods again. Most of our conversations are like that now, unspoken or few words passing between us. We eat supper. We kiss for a while on the couch. One thing leads to another, and when we're done I go to the bathroom and take a shower. For a long time I stand under the warm spray, a pain in my chest. I had never expected that I would see Katniss again. It had never been in my intentions to visit her, or see her. We both made it clear that we didn't want to see each other after Prim's death. She wasn't in the equation. But it now it seems like she's always been a variable. You love Oline, Gale. I go back to the bedroom and find Oline already asleep. I wrap my arms around her and kiss her forehead, but I can't help but compare her to Katniss. I remember how it felt to hold Katniss in my arms. Oneweekoneweekoneweekoneweekoneweekoneweek.