you, into the capitol and the arena, and you'll never be alone." My mother placed a folded piece of paper into the pocket of my dress, and I looked up at her curiously, a question on my lips. She placed a finger to her lips, and then pulled me in for another hug. Suddenly, the door banged opened and three peacekeepers flooded into the room. "Time's up!" a peacekeeper announced as my mother was ripped from my arms. "Sara!" Molly exclaimed, but before she could run to me, another peacekeeper grabbed her and started pulling her to the exit. "Mama! Sara, what's happening?" Right before the door closed, my mother turned to me and mouthed I love you one more time. Then, the door slammed shut and I felt it reverberate in my chest, where a hollow, aching pain was starting. Despite what my mother had told me, I was alone. District 10 Two peacekeepers brought me to a small room, alone. The room was not overly decorated. There was a bare threadbare couch and a table against one wall, a simple lamp sat on the table, and a nearly empty bookcase sat opposite them. I stood at the one window overlooking the square. I knew this was the part where I say goodbye to my family. I didn't know if I had the strength to do that. To look at their faces and know that I could never see them again,...I could break down right now. I took a deep breath to steady myself. Because, if I'm being honest with myself, I don't really have a strong chance at winning the Hunger Games. It would be a long shot. I heard the click of the door opening. I turned around in time to see my little brother scramble into the room and barrel into my arms. I wrapped my arms around him and knelt down to his level. His face was tear-streaked and mumbling something repeatedly. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" Gabe cried into my shoulder. "I'm sorry I was mean and rude to you! I'm sorry, I won't do it again!" "Hey, hey," I said, soothingly. I pulled him away gently, holding his face in my hands. "You didn't do this, I was just picked. You didn't do this, okay?" Gabe nodded and sniffled, but his tears didn't stop falling. I wiped the tears from his cheeks. "Hey, I want you to do something for me, ok?" I waited for him to nod again before I continued. "I want you to take care of Belle for me, make sure her and her calf are healthy. Can you do that for me?" Gabe sniffed again, his tears stopping. "Yes, I'll do it," he nodded. "I'll take care of her for you, and you'll be so proud of me when you get back." I nearly choked on a sob when he said that. Instead, I just gave him a smile. I didn't have the heart to tell him that I might not be coming home. I pulled him into another hug. The rest of my family had come into the room. I stood up, and Tristan pulled me into his strong arms. I put my arms around his back. "I'm sorry," Tristan whispered in my ear. I didn't say anything, I just held on to him for as long as I could. "I'm sorry I wasn't there to protect you." "You couldn't have done anything," I whispered back. I felt him shake his head, disagreeing. I knew what he meant and I wouldn't have liked it. Then, it was my mother's turn. She held her arms out to me, sobbing. "My baby!" she cried. We fell into each other's arms. I clung to her, trying really hard to hold my tears at bay. "My little girl! No!" my mother continued to cry. "I'll be fine, mom," I reassured her, though I didn't know how much it helped. My mother pulled back, looking at me. It looked like she was studying me, trying to mesmerize everything about me. I did the same. We were pretty much similar. The same blond hair, except hers was cut short, the same hazel eyes. "I love you," I told her. "I love you, to the moon and stars and back," she said back, repeating what she used to tell me when I was little. We hugged again, tightly. My father came over to me, putting his hand on my shoulder. I glanced up at him. "You are brave, and you are strong," he murmured to me. "Whatever happens in that arena, we're proud of you." My eyes misted over with tears and I blinked my eyes rapidly to keep them from falling. I didn't want anything to blur my final moment of seeing my family. "Thank you," I whispered back to him. I hugged my mother and father one last time. Suddenly, the door opened again, this time slamming against the wall loudly. The two peacekeepers who had escorted me to this room returned. "Time's up," one of them stated, expressionlessly. My family reached for me again to hug me before the peacekeepers pulled them away. I desperately touched each one of them, not wanting to lose them just yet. I clung to them. "Let's go!" the peacekeeper ordered. They grabbed a hold of my father and Tristan, believing that my mother and Gabe will follow after them. "No, please, no!" my mother cried, as my father pulled her from the room. The door slammed shut in my face and, just like that, my family was gone. I was all alone again. I felt the loneliness press down on me like a ton of bricks. Fear and uncertainty froze my heart in a vice-like grip. A lone tear slid slowly down my cheek, as I stared into my unsure future. A/N: Well, what do you all think? Please us what you think in your reviews. The next chapter will be up on Friday. :)