popularity. It wouldn't hurt to have as an ally for a while." Her face tells me that it would but she doesn't voice that, probably not wanting to argue with me. "If you do, just be careful. Allies can end up being the most dangerous people in the arena." I nod my head at this and we stay quiet for a minute before she reaches up and pulls the silver chain off from her neck. Hanging from it is the gold ring with an emerald in the center that Maylene says our mother used to wear all the time. She puts it in my hand before closing it and hold on to my closed fist. "Take it. Wear it as your token in the arena. Become a victor with it on." "I will," I say and hug her again as the door opens. The Peacekeepers step in, signaling that it's time for her to leave. "I love you, sis." "I love you too, little bro," Maylene says, responding with the nickname we used when we were younger. She stands up and nods at the Peacekeepers, letting them know she understands that she has to leave. She turns back around and smiles down at me. "Lance, I know I'll be seeing you again. You're a Henderson and we are good fighters." I smile at her as she walks towards the door and pauses to look back at me. "I'll see you for dinner in my new house in a few weeks." She laughs as a Peacekeeper lightly puts a hand on her back and leads her out the door. It's nice to see them treat victors with respect and not force her out of the room. Once the door is closed, I sigh as my somewhat good mood fades away with Maylene gone. She would be my reason for making it out of the arena alive. I open my fist and slip the necklace around my neck, tucking the ring inside my shirt. I've never seen Maylene take it off before, she even wore it as her own token in the arena. And even though I never met mother, it will be nice to have her ring with me. Who knows, maybe guardian angels are real and she'll be watching over me in the arena. The door opens again, surprising me since I didn't think I would have any other visitors. And the person who walks in is even more surprising. Lysander stops in front of me, saying nothing as he stares at me. He's as silent as always, staring at me with his calculating eyes. I start wondering we he's here yet he doesn't say anything for a minute or even sit down. Finally, he speaks up. "Good luck in there, kid. You have tough completion but if you're anything like your sister, you'll figure out a way to win." I don't know where this is coming from since I haven't really talked to Lysander in years. I don't say anything, not sure how to respond to him. After a couple minutes, he nods his head at me once and starts walking towards the door. He pauses with his hand on the doorknob and looks over his shoulder at me. "I'll keep an eye on your sister during the games, just like I've done for five years." "Thank you," I respond but he's already out the door, never one for unnecessary words. His visit was a little odd but then again, he's always been a bit of an odd person. I think he was affected by the games but will never bring it up to anyone for fear of being judged like Sylvia is. A victor from District Two is supposed to be strong, especially a volunteer. But his words about Maylene are a nice comfort. I don't want her to be alone watching the games, no matter who wins. I sit back, knowing I really won't have any other visitors. Saying goodbye to Maylene has filled me with a new anger towards the games. I might have started with a bad first impression by hesitating but I won't let that moment define me. I have to win the games because Maylene has done everything to build a great life for us. I can't ruin that now. And I will do what it takes to win the game, regardless of how determined Glacia also is to win. Soon, the Peacekeepers enter and instruct me that it is time to go. I follow their directions without any fuss, knowing my fight isn't with them. They lead me out to the back of the Justice Building where the train to the Capitol is waiting for us. As soon as I take a step out the door, there are tons of cameras waiting for me. I steel my face, wanting to show the sponsors that my hesitation at the Reaping is not how I am going to be once the games start. Glacia is already outside, standing tall and proud as she waits for us to be able to go on the train. She turns to look at me, her face tough and I return the look to her. I won't be intimidated by her any longer. Before she turns away, I see a hint of a smirk on her face and wonder what's that about. Maybe she also knows that we'll be forced to fight before the games end. Or maybe she plans to have me in her alliance and is happy I've found the will to fight. Either way, it won't matter. The train door starts to open and from the Justice Building behind us, Flannery walks out. She starts leading us inside, Glacia waving at the cameras while I continue to glare. Oh, they'll get me to play their games and fight, but they won't get me to enjoy it. Not like Glacia. But I might enjoy fighting her because defeating her means that I can be District Two's victor.