glad you think so," Grandma answers sadly as she hugs me close. I can tell she isn't happy about me going to the games and I understand why. But I won't let her fears come to life. I'll return to her. The doors open and when I see the Peacekeepers enter the room, I feel an overwhelming sadness at the thought of my family leaving me. "I love you both so much," I quickly say and grab on to their hands as they stand up. "I love you too, dear," mother answers immediately. "Make us proud." The Peacekeepers haven't moved in yet to remove them and I wonder if they are being respectful because of grandmother and my father. Grandma smiles down and me and holds on to my hand tightly with both of hers. "I love you so much, Glacia. Please come back to me. I don't want to add those memories to the ones that already haunt me." I nod my head at her, feeling the tears start to form. I quickly blink them away, not wanting to show any weakness. "I promise I'll come home to you." And with that, my family leaves and I'm left wondering if I'll ever see them again. No, I'm not going to wonder about it. I will make it happen. I won't leave my life up to chance. Winning the games has been my goal for years and I'm going to accomplish that task. I wipe away the couple tears that threatened to fall as there's a knock on the door. I briefly wonder who it will be before the door opens and Bronn walks in. He smiles at me before chuckling. "I guess it was a good thing we let you enter the training center all those years ago because nothing was going to stop you from being in the games." "I guess not," I reply lightheartedly. Bronn sits next to me and I smile at him, enjoying his presence like always. "Any last minute advice since I know you won't be going to the Capitol as my mentor?" He leans back and crosses his arms and he stares at the wall, deep in thought. He eventually turns towards me and shrugs. "There's not very much that I haven't taught you. But I would say watch out for your allies. I would imagine you'll be a good contender for leading the pack which is a dangerous position. Allies could turn against you at any point." I nod in agreement at this, his words echoing Grandma's earlier. I think back on the other lessons I've learned from the victors and start wondering about them. "This Reaping is going to split the support from the Victors, isn't it?" Bronn sighs and I know I'm right about this. "It already has. It's different when we pick the volunteers. Those years, everyone agrees on the tributes. But now, we have two tributes that are relatives. How do you pick one to support when their victory means one of your good friends loses a family member?" I start frowning at this, not liking the possibility of me being one of the deaths that upsets people. "But I can tell you this," he adds and I look up at him. He is staring at me and I can tell he still believes in me. "Kat is going to support you. Jory will be torn but I believe he'll support you in the end because he's been helping train you these past two years." I smile about those two victors since they played a big role in getting me to this point. "Lysander will stick with Maylene." I nod at this, knowing he has never been fond of me wanting to learn more brute force over his strategies. "As for Clemont and Viola, I think they're going to stay neutral and offer support and if need be, a shoulder, to whoever needs it." "And what about Darach and Roxanne?" I ask him curiously, noticing he didn't mention those two victors. Bronn laughs as the door opens, revealing the Peacekeepers. He stands up and smiles at me, giving me an unexpected hug before heading towards the door. He pauses and turns around to look at me. "You can ask those two on the train." I shake my head at his lighthearted attitude as the door closes behind him. At least now I know who will be mentoring us. I lean back against the couch, pull my feet up and try to relax. I know I won't have any other visitors. I fiddle with the ring and watch how it reflects the light as I twist my hand. The red of the gem makes me wonder how many tributes had their blood spilt on this ring and how many I would add to that list. The thought starts to make my stomach twist but I know it's what must be done in order to come home. And after seeing Grandma, I know I have to win for her. Sure enough, no one else comes to visit me. When the hour is finished, the Peacekeepers come in and I stand up, following them out the door with no fuss. I straighten out my dress as they lead me outside to the train station. That was one nice thing about District Two, the train station was right behind the Justice Building. There are tons of cameras waiting for us and I look around to find Lance walking out with other Peacekeepers. We make eye contact and I see him stare at me fiercely. I starting smirking about this new found anger in him as I turn towards the train door that just opened. Flannery starts to lead us inside and I wave at the cameras but I keep thinking about what changed in Lance. So he's willing to fight. I look forward to that fight and being the one to defeat him so I can be the victor for District Two.