of Katniss and I at the Cornucopia for a feast. In this dream only one district pair can go home. I throw a knife at her and it slices her forehead. I run toward her while she tries to shoot me with her bow and arrows. We wrestle until I pin her to the ground. I decide to mock her about Rue and Peeta. I am about to torture her when Thresh picks me up and holds me against the cornucopia. He asks me if I killed Rue. I tell him I didn't. He starts rambling and I scream for Cato. He then hits my head with a rock. He puts a dent in my skull with it, and lets me fall to the ground. He says something to Katniss, and then they both run away. Cato kneels next me. He couldn't get to me in time. I'm going to die. Tears are pouring off his face onto me. He is there for my last few moments. He whispers to me, "I love you." I start to see a bright light, and then I can't hear anything. I wake up, screaming. Chapter 44 It felt so real. I really thought I was dead. Cato bursts through my door to see whats wrong. He sees that I am shaking heavily. He hugs me and tells me everything is ok. I hold on to him like its life or death. My heart rate starts to slow down. Its like he has the magic touch. He is really helping me calm down, just by holding me close to him. After a few minutes, I become tired again, but I worry that I could have another nightmare. Cato offers to spend the rest of the night with me. I don't hesitate to have him do so. Having him by my side reassures me that I have nothing to worry about. It seems as though, when ever I sleep with him, I am immune to nightmares. I need his warm body resting peacefully next to me every night. It is the only way to ensure a good nights rest. I sleep though the whole night without a single nightmare. The next day we are waken up a little earlier. Today, we are being crowned the victors of the 74th annual Hunger Games. Then we will go home today. Monte dresses me for the last time. He is fighting back tears. He is going to miss me. I will miss him, too. He was very good at helping me make a good impression on people by dressing me in certain ways. We are seated at the top of the stairs of the entrance to the training center. President Snow shakes our hands and congratulates us one by one. He then places a crown on each of our heads. I can smell blood and roses on him, all at the same time. That's kind of weird. I don't care though. It is all about celebrating our victory right now. That's all I want to do. He congratulates us one more time and we come together for one more great big hug. We say our goodbyes, and get on the train back home. Chapter 45 When we get home everything will be different. The whole world now knows of our relationship. We don't have to hide that anymore. Our parents are finally getting along after generations of hate towards each other. Best of all, we have our child on the way. I can't believe it has only been 18 days since that one faithful night that got me this child. I feels like it was a while ago. When we arrive back in the district, we are welcomed with great enthusiasm. Everybody missed us. We immediately get settled in to our new house in the Victors Village, which is where victors of the games reside for the rest of their lives. Within a few days, we are moved in, and we decide to make a room for our future child. It comes out extremely well. It looks like a forest in there with all the trees painted on the walls. Months go by. During those months, my stomach really begins to grow. Twice a week, I would call Katniss see how she's doing, and I tell her how I'm doing. She always asks about the baby. Her little sister wants to help deliver the child, because she wants to be a nurse like her mom. I don't think that will be a problem, so long as it is only to teach her the process of delivery. Also during these months, Cato and I prepare for the victory tour we are required to go on to remind the districts that the Capitol is forgiving of the rebellion. I will get to see Pinda, Enorbia and Monte again. I am glad I will be able to work with them again, even if they gave me a hard time. I'm only a few months away from giving birth to a new life. Because of this, I want to know what I'm giving birth to. I go to the doctor with Cato. They do some tests to figure it out. When the get the results, their jaws drop. I get worried. Did the baby die? Am I going to die? What is happening? When I get the results, I am shocked. However, I am welcoming of the fact that I am giving birth to twins. Cato is also accepting of this fact. We know we need to make more space for another kid. We get straight to work on getting this done for both kids. I tell Katniss, Peeta, and my parents. They are thrilled about it. I finally have a new life ahead of me. I am looking forward to starting this new life with Cato. We have the whole future ahead of us. The world is ours for the taking, and I'm ready to take it. END OF BOOK I