He forgot about the doubts, the fears, the hurt, the pain, the Games, the other tributes. Once again it was just him and Katniss. She started unzipping his jumper a lot quicker than he had done hers. Perhaps she was recognizing, as was he, how desperately they wanted to touch each other. She didn't wait until his jumper was completely removed. While he started unzipping his own jumper her hands touched his chest, her nails lightly scratching him down to his torso. He grabbed her hands, breathing hard. "If you don't want this to end quickly, you'll stop that now." She looked up at and saw the heat in his eyes. She nodded her understanding then climbed on top of him the minute his jumpsuit was off. He barely had time to inhale at the contact before her mouth covered his. He flipped them over so that he was on top. She gasped when his mouth made its way to her breast. She arched into him, whispering his name as the pleasure took over. When her hands started to roam and came into contact with his length his breath literally caught in his throat and he forgot how to breathe. He cursed softly, then stuttered out her name when she gripped him. He became dizzy when she rose up and kissed him. Breaking away she eyed him, wrapping her arms around his neck. "Inside me. Now. Please." He nodded, only too happy to oblige. He slipped inside of her, moaning at how wet she was for him. It wasn't frenzied like the first two times. No, it was slow, and passionate, and tender. He could feel her breasts jiggling against his chest with every impact of his strokes, for they were deep and long; he very nearly pulled all the way out before slamming himself back into her. His name was on her lips again, and it had never sounded more beautiful. When he heard that high pitched whimper he'd grown accustomed to, he knew she was about to cum. He kissed her, heightening the orgasm as she couldn't verbally release the pleasure. When the first wave of pleasure passed she arched her back into him. He heard a growl escape out of his mouth and said her name. She lifted herself up, meeting his trusts still, until the two of them were upright. Her legs entertwined around his hips as she wrapped her arms around his neck and buried her face into is shoulder. He gripped her hips and kept thrusting, not even recognizing the sounds coming out of his own mouth. He could still feel her breasts jiggling against him. "Peeta," whispered Katniss. She arched her back and he heard that familiar whimper. He pulled her back so that he could watch her as she came. She threw her head back and cried out into the night as the orgasm hit her. She looked incredible, with her hair flowing behind her like a dark waterfall. Her lips crushed his when her orgasm subsided. "Make me cum again," she demanded in his ear. She pushed away so she could stare into his eyes. Blue eyes met blue-grey as he slid in and out of her. "Will you make me cum again?" "Yes," groaned out Peeta. "God, yes. Always yes." She cupped his face with her hands as he sped up. The words were on the tip of his tongue when they came together. He'd had given anything but his soul or her life to be able to utter them. He'd have meant it, too, if he had said it. Instead he called out her name, repeatedly, until the orgasm passed. Breathing hard he reluctantly let her go. She kissed him before he could even fully catch his breath. She stared into his eyes and brushed his locks out of his face. "I don't just need you for this," Peeta," she told him. "I meant what I said. I need you." He believed her. Not enough to say the words that were so readily on his lips. But maybe one day, one day soon, he'd be able to tell her that he loved her and she'd answer back. "We should get back," said Peeta after several moments of silence. "Not yet," she responded. "Just let me continue to enjoy this moment, with you." She slithered back on top him, but as they were clothed now it didn't have the same affect. He did feel himself harden as she started to unzip her jumper again. She smiled. "Easy, boy," said Katniss with a smile. "I wanted to show you something." She lowered her zipper then grasped something around her neck. She held up the medallion he had given her only a few short hours ago. He felt his stomach sink. "I wanted you to see this." She took it off of her and opened it so that it was facing her. Then she turned it around so that he could see. He stared, stunned, and completely speechless. The picture of Prim and her mother was still there, crystal clear, even in the night. But the picture of Gale was gone. "Maybe now you'll believe me," she told him smugly. She climbed off of him and stood up, but he stayed rooted to where he was, still shocked. She laughed. "Come on, Peeta. If we leave now we might still have time to rest before they need our help." Peeta finally got up as Katniss started to walk away. Before she got too far he grabbed her arm, pulling her back to him, and his lips once again covered hers. "I love you," he said breathlessly when they pulled apart. She smiled at him, smiled brilliantly. "I know," spoke Katniss softly. She kissed him quickly and headed back towards the group. She didn't say she loved him back. But that was an upgrade, because at least now she wasn't lying. He walked back to camp with Katniss happier than he'd ever been.