that I can't handle? I'm on alert all the time, you've seen me. I'll be on any threat before it even knows what hit it. What are you worried about?" He spreads his hands to encompass the options. "Sharks? Career packs? Lightning bolts? Invasions from outer space? I'm on it, Annie." Annie's caught between laughter at his arrogance and a strange relief at getting a different reaction from someone. A reaction that says maybe something is going to happen, and she's not crazy for thinking so. Everyone keeps telling her that she's safe, but she can't believe that. The one thing she's learned in her life is that you're never safe. Even if he's just being silly and doesn't think anything will happen any more than Mags or Donn do, he's right that his reflexes are still too involuntary. Six years out of the arena is not the same thing as sixty, especially not with so much of those six years spent working at the academy. Taken by surprise, Finnick will still react faster than most people would given time to prepare. Maybe Careers aren't the scariest thing in the world after all. Maybe they can fend off scarier threats if they're on your side. But there are threats that can't be fought. Annie shakes her head regretfully. "If I have a meltdown in public, you're not going to want to be seen with me, and I can't handle people staring and making comments." "They won't be looking at you," Finnick scoffs, "they'll be looking at me. No one even knows you by sight." Now Annie just stares at him. This is the last response in the world she'd been expecting. It's probably true she's not very recognizable as victors go? But it's hardly a solution. "Even if they don't know who I am when I'm screaming and crying, I still can't handle-" "Look," Finnick explains with exaggerated patience, "whatever it is you're thinking of doing that's so attention-grabbing, I promise you I can upstage it. You want me to prove it?" He turns smug. "Challenge accepted." In the face of this absolute confidence, Annie can only stop arguing and laugh. It's hard to believe, and yet so plausible. She hasn't watched television in a year, but she recognizes this as his camera persona. Compelling, charming, even mesmerizing. She believes that knowing smile utterly. "Okay," Annie concedes, choking back her laughter, "but this won't be any fun for you. I can't promise I'll get halfway there without needing to turn back." "Not a problem," Finnick says. "You know, when I was thirteen, I forced my way into the arms class with the seventeen- and eighteen-year-old kids, and I got my ass kicked every time I picked up a weapon. I was not even halfway to beating them. Everyone kept expecting, or hoping, I'd drop out in humiliation, but I saw nothing wrong with regularly ending up flat out on the floor covered in blood and bruises. Made my fucking day." Sometimes Annie thinks the invasion from outer space has already begun, in the form of the young man sitting across from her at the table, bragging about losing fights. "Wow, I can see that you're exactly like me in absolutely no way whatsoever." Finnick laughs. "Okay, okay. Point taken." "But you do understand that for me, setting foot outside is the equivalent of getting beaten up and humiliated?" "Yes, which is why it's fine if we go out for a nice one-block walk outside the Village and turn around and come home after enjoying—or getting our asses kicked by—some nice fresh air." Annie swallows, queasy with her dilemma. He has an answer for all her objections, and she does kind of want her life back. Being too afraid to leave the house doesn't mean never being bored or lonely, and she's both. The days drag on, the house is like a tomb as much as a haven, and she lets her rare visitors in because she's desperate. Then feels worse when their presence is so oppressive all she can do on good days is sob out her exhaustion afterwards in bed, and on bad days hide and hope they go away. But Finnick breaks the tomb-like silence with laughter, and goes away when it's too much for her. It helps, but it also worries her. He acts like he doesn't mind, but she she can't help wondering when his patience is going to expire. Then again...crazy boy enjoyed the challenge of getting beaten up by bigger kids. Maybe he doesn't mind her unpredictable moods after all? "All right," Annie says, groping for some way that maybe this can work, "I don't think I can go out today, but tell me what it's like? Tell me what to expect?" "Well, lots of fudge, for one thing," Finnick begins, and when she sticks out her tongue to say You know what I mean , he supplies her with all the description she could want, of the way there and the layout of the cafe. "What about the pond," Annie asks when he's done, "is it closer?" Finnick shakes his head. "Farther, but in much the same direction. If we ever start going, we can hit the cafe on the way there or back. Maybe one day we can go when it's raining, have a water fight to distract us." He winks. Something in Annie melts. She's seen him try to downplay his edginess, and suppress his disappointment when she asks him to leave, but now she's seeing him choose to be vulnerable to her. For under that casual wink was the knowledge that she knows it'll be hard on him, and he's asking her to believe that he knows it'll be hard on her, and maybe they'll make it through this anyway. Maybe we will. Annie puts her hand on the back of his shoulder where she helped him come down from the adrenaline rush earlier. "Better?" Finnick's smile is blinding. "Better."