were talking about, and staring at the floor like an idiot. So, naturally, I stare at the floor. After some time, a plate magically appears in front of me. I blink a few times as I sit up straight, Avoxes coming into the room. Avoxes were servants of the Capitol that had their tongues cut off for some form of violation of the law. They neatly served us dinner, then retreated to a corner. I timidly picked up my fork as Sheen started digging into his food like a dog. I shoot him a look and he smiles sheepishly. "I haven't eaten in a day," he says, then continues to shovel food in his mouth. A pang of guilt shoots through me as I can't help but feel sympathy for my district partner. I didn't know it was that bad back home. We were technically the best off district. It comes as a shock that people are actually starving in my own district. The realization prickles the hair on the back of my neck as I start to eat the meal. There was goose meat that had been marinated with cranberry sauce, meticulously cut slices from an apple, steamed broccoli with some strange type of seasoning, and a glass of water to accompany the whole meal. Well, for Sheen and me, anyways. Gloss and Cashmere had red wine in their glasses, and Teris had something bubbly in his, so I assumed it was either something carbonated or alcoholic. After dinner, Gloss and Cashmere stood, beckoning us over as we went into another cabin. A couch sat opposite a television as everyone piled onto the large sofa. Of course, because the fates seem to be laughing at me today, I was awkwardly sandwiched between the tall and muscular (and ridiculously) attractive Gloss and the bulky, short Sheen. Cashmere sat on Gloss's left, by herself. I was very jealous of her. As if the situation couldn't get any more awkward and uncomfortable, Teris then decides to sit next to Sheen, who, in turns, pushes me closer to Gloss. I feel a blush threaten to make a reappearance as I sit entirely too close to the older male, his warmth radiating off of him as the television turns on, the National Anthem sounding as Caesar Flickerman comes into view. A lime green wig sits atop his head, his eyebrows dyed to match, as well as his lips. He smiles to the camera and continues to announce the events of the day. Suddenly, there's the footage of my name being called, and a close up of my face. I internally cringe at the stupidity displayed on my face, looking around like an idiot. My cheeks burn with shame, as I know that everyone in Panem is watching me make an idiot of myself. I didn't even know my own name, for God's sake. Then I hear the pained scream coming from my mother. The hairs on my body stand on end as I hear it. It can easily be compared to nails on a chalkboard. I swallow the dry lump in my throat as I watch myselfwalk to the stage. Thankfully, I don't look stupid anymore, just a little unsure, but not stupid. Then, thankfully, the camera is taken off of me as it searches out for Sheen, making his presence known as he swaggers up to the stage. I inwardly roll me eyes. As the program continues to run, there are three people who stand out to me; the huge, monster of a boy that volunteered in District 2, the sly, clever looking girl from District 3, and, strangely, a brave volunteer from District 11; an average looking boy, but with eyes that gleam dangerously. They all looked more than capable of killing someone. I think back to how I looked, and sigh softly. There's no way I can do this. I'm going to die. I'm never going to see my family again. I'm going to bring shame to my district and I'm going to embarrass myself. The National Anthem plays once more, then the television goes dark. Gloss clears his throat as he stands up from the couch. "Alright, kids. Bedtime. Big day tomorrow," he says, then walks out of the room, heading to, I assume, his quarters. An Avox leads me to my own quarters. I thank them, although I'm not sure if you're supposed to, then make sure the glass door whooshes shut before I strip down, padding over to the bathroom. I stand in amazement at the shower. It had all sorts of options on it. I don't even know where to start. To test it, I try a regular shampoo, then start trying out all kinds of scents and types. I probably played with the shower for about 20 minutes before finally being done, stepping out on the mat. Suddenly, a gust of air blows and I almost die from being startled, then I realize it's just the dryer. In 20 seconds flat, I am completely dried, head to toe. On the counter, there is a pair of simple night clothes; soft, white silk pants and a tank top. I pull the material over my skin, looking in the mirror and noticing that my hair had also been brushed from the drying device. I run a hand through a few strands, happy with the way it lays and how it feels. With a deep breath, I turn off the light in the bathroom, walking back into my sleeping quarters. I pull back the blanket, tucking myself in as I close my eyes. What have I gotten into? Yay first chapter funsies! And yes, if you haven't pieced it together, this will be a Gloss/OC fic, but as of right now, it's just a cute little innocent crush on Jet's part. Also, I'm basing Jet's appearance off of Lauren Jauregui, for the most part. As always, reviews, follows, and favorites are much appreciated and help motivate my lazy butt.