up to get us to fight near the cornucopia. That's how it turns out every year. The three of us will fight until two of us die. That's what the gamemakers enjoy seeing. I also felt prepared to fight the District 1 girl. She became seriously injured when I fought her yesterday, and I still had my mighty ax. I was not prepared, however, to fight Robbie. I kind of hoped Robbie would be killed by the District 1 girl, so that way one of us would not have to kill the other. This was one of my greatest fears as I walked into possibly the final day of the Hunger Games, and my life. I loved Robbie as if he was my brother, and I was sure he felt the same way about me. A rumbling storm cloud interrupted my thoughts. "That's probably the gamemakers' way of getting us to come to the cornucopia," I said to Robbie. Sure enough, something started falling from the sky in a couple of minutes. However, the falling objects were not rain, or snow, or hail, or sleet. The falling objects were knives. "Run to the cornucopia!" I yelled to Robbie. It'll be safe there! Grab your bag and hold it above your head so the knives won't hit you!" I didn't shout this warning quick enough. I watched as a knife sliced into his shoulder. He screamed in agony, and pulled the blade out. At least the blade had missed his head. He shoved the knife into his bag and quickly placed the bag above his head. We ran as fast as we could to the cornucopia. Twice a knife skimmed my nose, and once, my left ear, but nothing too serious happened. I gasped in surprise when I felt a knife thud into my nearly empty bag above my head. When we reached the clearing with the cornucopia, I breathed a sigh of relief when I spotted that no knives fell over the clearing, but my spirits dampened when I spotted a perfectly healed, ready to fight, District 1 girl. Chapter 10: The Victor I glared at the District 1 girl with hatred in my eyes. "Hello, you two," she said in a sarcastic tone. "It's quite a surprise to see the two of you here. I'm Melanie by the way; otherwise known as your killer." She pulled a machete out of her bag. "Wait a minute," I said. "How are you all healed? I almost killed you with my ax." "I have sponsors," she replied. "That seems to be something you lack." I held my ax high. "You think you're going to kill me with that thing? On the contrary it is you who will die and your little friend too. Goodbye." She swung at me with the sharp knife. I deflected it with my ax. "Oooh, the little girl knows how to fight," Melanie said. "That doesn't happen a lot. All of a sudden her expression became blank and she fell forward. When she hit the ground, I noticed a knife sticking out of her head. Robbie stood behind her with a menacing grin on his face. "Boom." This year's Hunger Games had been reduced down to the final two. Robbie and I looked at each other, expressionless. One of us had to die, and if we didn't do it ourselves, the gamemakers would. Robbie slowly pulled a knife out of his bag. He held it high, and advanced towards me with a scary grin on his face. I didn't blame him. I wanted him to win. I didn't want to live a depressed life as a game mentor. I wanted to live a happy life, a peaceful life, and all I need for that was a knife in the heart. Just before he reached me, his expression turned to sorrow. "Goodbye, Athena," he said, and he plunged the knife into his own heart before I could stop him. "No!" I shouted. "Robbie!" But Robbie didn't hear me. He slumped to the ground as a cannon fired. "Ladies and gentlemen, I give you the victor of the Thirty-Fourth Hunger Games, Athena Margelli from District 7!" Epilogue: A New Beginning I wished I had died. I wished this over and over during the next few days. I would now live a cursed life, a scarred life. I would now raise the tributes of District 7 for slaughter every year for possibly the rest of my life. My family was overjoyed at my return. As soon as we saw each other, I knew my future wouldn't be too bad. I would have a nice house in Victor's Village, lots of money, a family, and tons of love. I would also have the memories of the Games. Those brutal memories will never disappear; Robbie stabbing himself, Carlotta disappearing into darkness, the brutalness of the bloodbath. They will live in me forever, until one day, I join those twenty-three tributes in the life of the dead. Tribute List: District 1: Melanie Loden (17) and Stubb Prescott (18) District 2: Carleigh Cline (16) and Spartan Cole (17) District 3: Lassie Trill (13) and Acko Prime (15) District 4: Shara Holit (17) and Stephan Torka (16) District 5: Brea Stebbins (14) and Doug Pirthine (13) District 6: Mary Shay Halcone (12) and Robbie Alcove (13) District 7: Athena Margelli (15) and Charlie Bentine (12) District 8: Kody Starlight (17) and Kevin Cedar (14) District 9: Carlotta Rando (16) and Bartholemew Pliss (13) District 10: Michelle Yare (16) and Jeff Guth (14) District 11: Kate Ryleigh (12) and Alpine Throven (16) District 12: Linsday Harper (16) and Howie Slater (17) Fun Facts: - Howie's bag from the feast has in it a knife to kill himself with since he is so depressed. -Athena only killed one person during the Games and it was during the bloodbath. -Robbie however, killed three people. [D1 girl, D2 boy, and D11 boy (bloodbath)] -The Games this year lasted 6 days.