some sweet kisses before getting up. We had begun building a new home for us and my family when they would come, so we went to continue constructing it. We didn't build it were our old house used to be; I couldn't stand the thought about living there. The memories from the rebellion already haunted me and I couldn't imagine what would happen if I would live in a new house on the exact location of my old one. I would always be remembered about those happy days before the war, I wouldn't be able to let go of it. We had just taken lunch from our building activities when we saw a massive group of people coming towards our district. It had been like this every day since we arrived last week. More people coming back home from their hideouts or camps during the war, ready to come back to their old life, their old district. Every day I had been looking out for my family, but they still hadn't come. This time though I saw a young girl that kind of resembled my sister, only older, walking with the group. I ran towards the group with some other people also expecting their loved ones to come back. I didn't know if Chord followed me, but I supposed he stayed behind, allowing me to meet them myself if they happened to be there. As I came closer to the group I saw the girl clearer and I knew I was right. It was my little sister Carly walking there with rosy cheeks and long blonde hair flowing in the wind. She was so beautiful; she had grown up so fast. I still remember her as a little five-year-old, afraid of the dark and always so shy. Now she was ten years old, time had gone so quickly. I still felt guilty about leaving her alone with my mother, not being able to protect her as I used to. I looked around the group of people searching for my mother's face, but it was nowhere to be found. "CARLY!" I cried as I began to run faster, watching as she looked in my direction. I couldn't see the expression on her face, but she stopped for a second and lifted her hand to cover her eyes from the sun as she looked once more towards me. Considering the sun was behind me it was probably quite hard for her to see me clearly. "Carly!" I yelled once more and then I saw her beginning to run in my direction as she screamed: "Cleo!" Oh, how wonderful it felt to hear her voice saying my name again! It meant she hadn't forgotten me, that she still knew who I was. When she reached me I hugged her tightly to me, stroking her hair several time and kissing the top of her head. Her hand clung to my back and I heard how she started to cry, I assume from joy, and I also began to cry a bit. I cleared my throat after a few moments, having looked around our surroundings searching for our mother to no avail, trying to ask about her but I could only utter a two simple words: "Where's… mother?" A short moment passed before she lifted her head from my shoulder so I could look at her face. I realized she hadn't been crying from joy, rather from pain. Her eyes showed nothing but pain, nothing but deep sorrow. It caused my heart to clench, to wrap around in knots. She was gone. Mother was dead. The words spun around my mind, circling through every corner of my brain. She was dead. Before I had cried out of happiness for finding Carly, now I began to cry out of loss. I hugged my sister tight to me as we both cried our hearts out. Together we showed our utter loss. But just as the feeling of losing my mother finally began to sink in Carly uttered the absolute worst words I could hear at that moment: "Cleo… Dad and brother… They're gone too…" No! That is how I ended up here, next to Chord about six months after our return to the district, laying in the remnants of my former life. I can't tell how much I owe this boy. He was the one who picked me up and made me shine again. He was the one who made me live again after they died. He was the one who made me see all the beauty that was left in the world, despite how awful it seemed back then. Thanks to him I realized that even though the nature would burn down, it would rise again, giving more life than it did before. And so would I. When the memory of my family finally faded I would be happier than before. He made me see that even if I were unhappy, there were so many others that had it even worse than I. He made me see all the ones that had lost their wife or husband, all those who had lost their children to the war, and all the children who had lost their parents. He made me realize that I at least still had something to hold on to – they didn't. He made me want to help in any way that I could, so together we 'adopted' some of the children that were left with no home. We never signed anything or so – we just let them into our home, wanting nothing but take care of them. I turn over again so I face Chord once more, and I kiss his cheek before standing up and reaching out my hand to him. I help him up and we walk together to our home, were Carly and our 'children' are waiting for us. So... If you liked it please tell me, and if you didn't tell me what was wrong with it :)