of effect on it. No, Twill had just fallen to the ground one day -crumpled to the ground with a quiet "Oh!" as if she was shocked that she had just fallen- and then she had moved, a bit, as if preparing to sit up. But she never sat up. Bonnie shook her fragile shoulders first tenderly, then roughly. First she quietly asked if Twill was all right. When she didn't answer, Bonnie began to raise her voice until she was screaming, shaking the shoulders of a person whose life had left them as swiftly as a candle being blown out. Bonnie had cried then, harder than she had for a long time. It wasn't the first time she was driven to tears during the journey. Sometimes she had been homesick, or she was hurt. But that time had been so painful that she had laid down next to Twill and thought that death would take her too. She'd hoped that death would take her then. But death had no mercy for her, and she was forced to take Twill's supplies, shoulder her friend's backpack along with her own, and keep on going through the cursed woods, over the cursed rocks and cursed snow that seemed to have sapped Twill's strength. Suddenly a voice came from the surrounding trees. "Good to see you, Bonnie! Where's Twill?" It was Dalton's voice, clearly. He came striding out of the trees, a broad grin on his face, a dead rabbit slung over his shoulder, its eyes staring glassily. It was the combination of the dead rabbit's limp body -like Twill's body, limp and dead, just so dead- and Dalton's question that made Bonnie's eyes fill with tears. "She's dead," Bonnie said. Her voice wobbled. "She died three days ago." The smile disappeared from Dalton's face. "I'm sorry, Bonnie," he said. "She was a good woman." Bonnie nodded, tears spilling from her eyes. She wiped them off her painfully wind-burnt cheeks. "I don't have the map," she told him, veering the topic away from her dead companion. "Twill dropped it in the snow when she fell down. Before she died." The final word was little more than a squeak. "It got soaked in snow, and the ink came off. I left it there." There, with Twill's body. She had left that too. Bonnie had arranged Twill's arms over her chest like the morticians back in District Eight did, and she had closed her wide-open blue eyes. It was all she could do. Dalton nodded. "Well, you're headed too far north again," he said kindly. He set down the dead rabbit and stood in front of her, his face calm and sincere. "Remember what I told you?" he asked. "I'm never lost?" Bonnie said, her words a question. She wiped at her running nose with one of her hands. "Exactly," said Dalton. He pulled her into an embrace. It reminded her of her father, which made her even sadder. She buried her face into Dalton's shoulder. He smelled like pine needles. They stood there for a minute. They both knew it, but did not admit it: they were giving themselves a minute to remember Twill. When they broke apart, Dalton's brow was furrowed. "Go to the cliff there and go down it," Dalton said, turning and pointing south. "Then keep heading east." Bonnie nodded. "Thank you," she said, her eyes still watery. Dalton waved it off. "Thank you , Bonnie," he said. "I'm glad to have met you and Twill, even if it was by chance. It's all I can do to help you on your way. You lose track of it easily." "You mean I'm lost," said Bonnie. "I would be, if you weren't here." "Not lost," Dalton corrected. "You're always walking on someone's path, Bonnie, did you know that? Everywhere you go, someone else needs to go there. That's their path. Yours is here-" -he pointed to the cliff again- "and theirs might be here. You're just on the wrong path for now." He smiled sadly at her. "I would stay with you, if not for my own needs. I'm running short on food, and I need to hunt here. You better go on. I'll meet you there, in Thirteen," he said. "I wish you all the luck I have to give, but I don't know how much that is." With that, he left, his footsteps soft on the snow, his head bobbing unsteadily as he limped through the forest. Bonnie could swear that Dalton's hair had gotten grayer since the first time she had seen him. She kept going, dragging her weary feet, the song of birds sounding around her, warning of a coming snowstorm. Bonnie smiled at them as she passed them by. She was going the right way, finally, on her own path. In some way, she was meant to go that path. She didn't feel lost anymore. As Bonnie watched, the birds danced in the golden light on the horizon. When Bonnie reached the cliff, it felt as if her path was drawing to a swift end there. Everything crumbled away into layers of rock below her, and she was so high above the ground it made her dizzy. She steadied herself and drew in a deep, shuddering breath. Then Bonnie lowered himself down onto the closest ledge of the cliff. With a quiet exhale of breath, she landed on the ledge. She repeated this several times, with ledges that were increasingly narrower. Then she looked below her, and she saw no ledge but one that would only hold her if she had all the luck in the world. And she jumped for it. Even as she fell through the harsh winter air, she knew she would not land. She saw her small ledge zoom past, above her, and she closed her eyes. This is where my path ends, she thought in those fleeting moments. Dalton was right. I was never lost. I was just going the wrong way.