skinny and dark-haired. There, he had found the scene he was looking for. The duo had hid in a cave, where they had decided to spend the night, confident the Careers would not follow them inside. He now recalled the boy more clearly—River his name had been. A typical boy from Twelve, except for one special feature that had made the Capitol split into two camps: those who loved and admired him, and those who despised him. He had been suffering from People-Saving Syndrome. And, very visibly, he had been head over heals for Johanna Mason. Ianus watched the two freezing kids share their piteous dinner and then engage in an inane conversation while they huddled together under a single jacket to keep warm. At one point, River asked his ally to promise him something in case he died. Her injunction for him to shut up fell on deaf ears, and he reiterated his request, begging her to never give up no matter what happened. Johanna promised. While her tone made it clear she only was complying to calm him down, Ianus could see she was serious and that the boy's words had sunk deep into her soul. Pacified, the boy embraced her and kissed the top of his head—very gently so, as if afraid she would scold him if she felt it. But she did it feel it—the camera showed her face, lit with a happy small smile. Hitting pause , Ianus stared darkly at the frozen image of the two cuddling kids. He now understood Johanna's reaction during their intercourse, understood why she had so suddenly gone rigid and had started mumbling gibberish, including her promise to the boy. That idiotic, weak, suicidal, steaming turd of a boy. Sometimes he hated tributes and victors for their presumption and ingratitude. They never comprehended how much the Capitol cared for them. The citizens of Capitol all but lived through the tributes: they cheered for them, sponsored them, propagated them, rewarded them; they allowed the victors to become a part of the elite. In return, they wanted love—nothing more and nothing less. It was the least the victors could do to return the affection directed at their personas. Some of them, like his Enobaria, cottoned up and got to live happy lives. But the likes of Johanna—self-absorbed victors, in other words—never learned. They believed themselves better than Capitol, better than anyone else. They suffered by their own mistake but blamed the whole world for their misfortunes. It was unbelievable, come to think of it. Soft footsteps resounded on the staircase, and Ianus quickly pressed the play button on the remote control so that the scene would continue. His wife, Gherania, came down; an exquisite slim thing with bright black eyes and black hair hidden under a puff of orange and purple flowers that matched her shawl. "Still up, dear? President Snow overloads you, I swear." She bent down to give him a kiss on the cheek, which he accepted with an absent look. She glanced at the hologram with interest. "What are you watching? Ah, the Games! I remember that year. Very intense—goodness, I cried more through that year than through the previous three Games put together!" Tilting her head to one side, she chattered on, "I really felt awful for these two kids. You know… when I think about it, there is no couple from the Games that deserves the title of Star-Crossed Lovers more than Johanna and this boy from Twelve. Look at them! It's not that I'm not happy for Katniss and Peeta, on the contrary. It's just that their romance didn't feel as true and strong as this one. This is so simple and innocent and sincere… They look really happy toge—" Ianus hurled his drink across the room. It flew through the hologram's image and shattered against the pristine wall. He jumped to his feet and strode to the other end of the room, visibly trying to recompose himself. Gherania, who had flinched and gone quiet, eyed him warily. "Darling, what is it? What did I say?" He turned towards her. A muscle was working in his jaw. His voice, however, was surprisingly steady. "You really should be more careful when you talk about the tributes. If the public heard you speak, they'd think you don't support the Games." She shook her head. "But that's not true! I do support them! I watch them every year! I just… sometimes there is so much suffering that I wish the kids—" "That's the point isn't it?" Ianus made a sweeping gesture. "That's what the Games are about, dear. The tributes are meant to suffer. It's their punishment for the uprising, and it's a way for Panem to stay clear of another war like the last one. Don't you see? By letting those few people from Districts suffer, the Capitol allows millions of other people to stay safe and protected. Think of the tributes as martyrs, if you will, and be grateful to President Snow for having designed this elaborate system to keep the nation in balance." Gherania wiped at her eyes once, but lowered her gaze and nodded. "You're right, of course. I am grateful. It's just… I guess I wish everyone could be happy, but that's idealistic of me, isn't it?" She rose, glanced at the mess the shattered drink had caused and called an Avox. She then approached her husband and stroked his face. "Don't worry, it's going to be fine. We both are tired, that's all. And there is the Quell to look forward to, though I'm sorry you'll have to be away so often." Rising on her toes, she kissed him again. "Let's go to bed, shall we?" He nodded and took her offered hand. Together they mounted the stairs to their bedroom while the Avox left for the kitchen, his work done. The room became empty except for the image of two teenagers huddled together in their sleep on the large hologram screen.