my mind is racing in panic. I've never been kissed by him like this before and felt this way. It's frightening and addictive at the same time. I feel that thing I felt in the cave, that desire to kiss more, want more. And I give myself over to it because I've missed him and I want, no, I need this. I need the way his hands are skimming over my skin, I need the way his fingers press down on my hip to pull me towards him. I need the shock of feeling his hardness pressing up against me. I should stop my hands as they slip under his t-shirt and race up his torso, my fingertips buried in the dust of curls on his chest, but I don't. When we break apart, we're both panting. Peeta struggles as I gasp for air, my body screaming in protest at the pause - it wants more of whatever this is - but I sense this moment of reprieve is something Peeta needs, to calm down and be in control of himself as well. I continue to let my fingers roam, which elicits a barely suppressed moan, his swollen lips ready to be captured again by me. I'm bolder than I've ever been and don't stop to ask why. I want something, something only he can give me. I reach up to kiss his neck and the powerful line of his jaw. He shivers and in that shiver, I feel his confusion. I don't say anything, afraid that if I do, the magic will end and I'll have to go back home and face my family's barely repressed grief. I'll have to go back to my lonely bed and dream of all the new ways I will watch people die. I want to lose myself in this feeling he's giving me. My lips search hungrily for the skin of his chest covered by his t-shirt. "Katniss," he gasps again in surprise as I try to tug his shirt off. "Please, Peeta," is all I can manage. He obeys, sitting up to take off his shirt. I've seen him without clothes before but his strong chest is wide and solid beneath my exploring hands. I lick his skin, my nose tickled by the hairs that sprinkle his chest. When I come upon his nipple, I experimentally let my tongue roll over it. Peeta hisses and moans, grabbing my braid and, in one desperate maneuver, frees my hair from that messy rope and buries his hand in the thick, dark tresses. I repeat the flicking of my tongue, satisfied at his reaction. When my fingers reach the hem of his shorts, his large hands descend over mine. Peeta captures my gaze with his deep blue one and asks, "Are you sure?" I understand what he's asking and truthfully, I'm not sure of a lot of things. But I am sure that I will defend him to my death. I am sure that I will never be right again if I lose him in the Quell. I'm sure that I've missed sleeping next to him and sometimes I miss him for no good reason. I'm sure that I want whatever it is we are racing towards. I give a silent nod. He wants to say more, perhaps to reason and protest but I kiss him again and it changes his mind because he presses me back into the mattress, the full length of him lying flush against my body. He peels my shirt and bra off, flinging them away from him and stares at me for a few moments. I brace myself for the embarrassment - don't people do this with their clothes off? My body is in a rage over his delay and I grasp his hands, placing them over my breasts. The warmth of those large hands against my skin elicits a reaction deep in my belly and the need I felt before was nothing compared to what flares up at that moment. Peeta is reverent, his hands soft and gentle against me. When his mouth replaces his hands, I can't suppress the way my body arches up to meet his warm, wet lips. My arms encircle him and our hands and lips are everywhere and I lose track of where I end and he begins. I'm no longer pinned to one sensation but flooded with the entirety of us, wrapped around each other, tangled in the frenzy to be everywhere and know everything there is to know about each other. When, inevitably, he presses against me, I know I'm ready in that way that your body tells you, through aches and throbbing and its own warm, wet speech. It's pain and discomfort but it's also togetherness and completeness. I push past the pinching sensation, to where he has taken off without me, the controlled rocking of his hips unable to temper his rhythm. I know it will end quickly - I see it in the pink frustration of his skin, the teeth that dig into his lips in an effort to slow down - but while there is something I'm running after that I can't catch, there's something else when he shudders and spills inside of me, and it satisfies and soothes me anyway. We don't say much afterwards. Maybe, away from air that does not smell like a metallic, musky version of us, when we are dressed and equal to everyone else again, we can speak of this, training for the Quarter Quell, and imitating the Careers. We can talk about overt strategies and alliances as we hide our private agendas from each other. But now, it's just us and it's oddly perfect - surprisingly so. I burrow contentedly into his side, his strong arms crushing me against him. I won't have a hundred years to prove my supposed worth but I'll save him. I'll get him out of the Arena. Because the alternative would thoroughly and completely break me.