into a fit of happy tears, hugging both Peeta and Katniss with something close to ecstasy. Thom, who likely remembered when Katniss first returned to District 12 and could barely make it back to her home in Victor's Village on her own, shook Peeta's hand extra hard and smiled with satisfaction as if he'd won a secret bet with himself. "You went and made us Aunties!" exclaimed Johanna as she and Zarah encircled Katniss in a tight hug. "You are so in for it now, Brainless!" she laughed as Zarah shook her head. "You're gonna scare that girl right out of making babies, you know that?" she teased, making Johanna laugh, which was not something anyone often saw. "You better be prepared to have one spoiled little child, Peeta!" Zarah admonished as she hugged him tightly. "You can count on it." he said, wearing the expression of a man who was still in the throes of a dream. The boys were more muted in their congratulations. After all, they were still at that age where they couldn't decide whether girls were amazing or gross and babymaking was one of those things that was all tied up in their confusion. Tristan, George, and Frank were appropriately polite and slipped away to get back to their gifts as soon as the adults were distracted. Wesley made a better show at being mature but he, too, slipped out at the earliest opportunity. Annie's lips shook as she congratulated the soon-to-parents. "Finnick would have loved this, if he'd been here," she said. Annie hugged them both dreamily and Katniss liked to think that in those moments of distraction, she was somehow together with Finnick again. Haymitch didn't even make a pretext of smugness and simply pulled his two ex-tributes to him, wordlessly inviting their new little addition into the circle of his protection. He and Katniss shared this in common - a complete allergy to any excessive public displays of emotion. But he made an exception on this occasion as he had on the day of their wedding. "Y'all made me a grandfather after all," he said as Mrs. Everdeen approached. "That is, if you don't mind, ma'am," he said in deference to the older woman. "A baby can never have too many people to love it," she said placidly as she hugged Peeta to her. "Thank you, for making her happy." Mrs. Everdeen whispered to her son-in-law, as she did every year since they'd married. "Thank you for Katniss. She makes me happy too," he responded in turn. It was their own private ritual, a secret exchange of affection that they indulged in each year, as a reminder of what they owed each other. Haymitch turned to a very content Rowena. "You knew, didn't you?" She nodded. "I'm the one who did Katniss' pregnancy test and examination." Peeta looked at her with curiosity. "How far along is she?" Rowena smiled. "By the looks of it, she's almost three months. It will be a late spring baby if it goes to term." "And you didn't even tell me," groused Haymitch. "Oh, no, you don't! Doctor-patient confidentiality. Inside my clinic, Katniss is my patient and her medical business is her own." Rowena stepped forward and hugged Katniss tightly. "But outside the clinic, it's different. I'm going to give those two over there a run for their money…" she jerked her thumb at Johanna and Zarah. "This is going to be the most spoiled baby in the history of babies!" Effie was equal to Delly in the hysterical way she received the news, exclaiming over and over that her birds, her darling birds, were expecting. Oakley pulled Peeta away from Effie's effusions to offer him his own personal congratulations. "I remember the way you treated Wesley when we first met. I've never forgotten your kindness to him. You're going to make a fine father," he said, shaking Peeta's hand vigorously. Peeta flushed with pleasure but before he could respond, they were interrupted by Effie. Just as she did for their toasting, she fetched champagne (and apple cider for the expectant mother) for a toast of good fortune. Later that evening, as the guests cleared out to their respective rooms, Katniss leaned drowsily against Peeta on the sofa, her legs tucked under her. "That was, hands down, the best Christmas gift I've ever gotten," he said quietly, toying with her braid. "You mean, better than last year, when I dressed up as Santa's Helper?" Peeta blushed furiously. "Oh, right. That Christmas is actually pretty hard to compete with." He turned his face down at her. "You still have that outfit? Because, you know, you might not be able to wear it for awhile..." Katniss purred, snuggling deeper into his arms. "Yeah, I have it but I'm not putting it on until everybody leaves. We were very noisy that night." "Hmmm…" he said appreciatively, then changed to a more serious tone. "I know this is scary for you. I promise, our baby will be safe. You'll be safe. I'll never let anything happen to either of you." Katniss listened to his words. "You can try, but you can't promise to always keep the baby safe. That's not how it works." "I know," Peeta said with a frown. "But I can try my best." "I know you will. Like you always do." Katniss sat up suddenly, knowing that if it was possible to give security and a sense of protection in this world, Peeta would find a way to do it. "Let's go upstairs. I might not be able to dress up…" Peeta didn't let her finish as he stood up suddenly and picked her up, kissing her so that everything south of her belly lit up on fire. "You are so sexy when you're pregnant." Katniss laughed. "I'm not even showing yet!" "That's okay. Just the idea of it is enough for me," he said as he bound up the stairs to unwrap his favorite gift of all.