and don't deserve? You've always done that." He reached out his freezing hand towards her, brushing her arm lightly, but visibly stopped himself and pulled back, his intention hanging suspended in the humid air between them. Katniss had to repress a cry at the loss of his touch, the ghost of his fingers still lingering on her skin. "P-Peeta," she choked out. "When you left, Haymitch said I could live a hundred life times and never deserve you. I always thought he was on to something." Peeta shook his head violently to stay her words. "I think I get to decide what I deserve, what I want, what I need ," he emphasized, and to Katniss' surprise, the half smile returned, but this time, there was less bitterness in it. "Especially when you want the same thing as I do, and you're just being too stubborn and pigheaded to admit it." Peeta leaned towards her, shivering but holding his ground, his eyes still burning, and Katniss felt like she was being consumed. "I'm so sorry I ruined your wedding," she whispered abruptly, attempting to distract him away from talk of feelings. Peeta frowned at this. "Delly took the entire church to the reception. She told me she did her best. She said she gave it her all and her conscience was clear and she was going to celebrate, because it was already paid for and she wasn't going to let me ruin it," he said in admiration but also with an edge of guilt that had not been, however, strong enough to keep him from coming to Katniss' door. He reached out again, and this time, he didn't let go of her arm. "Anyway, that's not the point," he said with determination, kneading the soft flesh of her forearm. "I'm here to tell you that I love you, and I don't care what you are willing to give me, if you want to live with me, marry me, be my girlfriend; I honestly don't care. Because I'm not making this mistake again. I'm not going to keep looking for someone else to take the place of you." "Can't we talk about this inside?" Katniss pleaded as she watched him shiver from being in cold, wet clothing. But Peeta shook his head, giving her a look that told her she'd asked the wrong thing and continued to stare at her, the clouds of doubt gathering in his eyes the longer they held this impasse and she knew that she'd have to do something to get him to move. She couldn't bear to see him suffer any more and she couldn't bear her own impatience to have him finally in her arms again. "I'm stubborn and stupid and pigheaded and I'm sorry. I will never understand what you see in me." She reached out to him and pulled him towards her, wrapping her arms around his waist, feeling the icy rain penetrate through the thin material of her pajamas, but he didn't budge, his face still impassive. She knew it wasn't enough and tried again. "I was stupid, beyond stupid two years ago. I should have been honest with you about my fears. I...And I should have fought for you when you left. I should have known-n…" She paused, choking up, and noticed the way the light had rekindled in his eyes, giving her the strength to continue talking. "I should have known I couldn't let you go, anymore than it seems you could me. That I need you. I need you so much, Peeta." It was only then that Katniss realized that tears were flowing down her face. Peeta's arms came up around her, but she still saw a hesitation in his eyes, a sliver of uncertainty, and she quailed again, wishing she were better with words than she was. He brought a hand up to caress her cheek, and Katniss sighed at the touch. "Please, just tell me," Peeta whispered so softly she was amazed she could hear him over the rain. He shivered again with cold and longing. "Tell me and I'll stay. You love me, real or not real?" Katniss scowled at the question for just a moment, but then she felt a sense of relief so profound, she thought she'd faint from it. She reached up to brush the wet wave of hair off his forehead before cupping his face with her hand in a mimic of his own. "You're an idiot, and there's nothing I can do about it but..." She gave him a soft smile. "Real. So very real." She stifled a sob as she saw his face finally soften, and wrapped her arms around him. "I love you. I love you so much. You're right about everything. Just come inside. Stay." She gripped his tuxedo, pulling him even closer. "Please stay," she begged. Peeta sighed, the tension of years of pent up frustration draining away as he clutched her to him, pinioning her to his chest with freezing wet arms. "Always," he whispered into her hair before tilting her head up to kiss her, so gently, Katniss could only sigh against his lips. He leaned back to study her when he was done, brushing a wet piece of hair off her cheek. "I'm not going anywhere," he said in a half-joking, half-serious manner. "So next time you decide to send me away, you better be ready to move to Antarctica, because you won't be getting rid of me, whether you like it or not. Okay?" He hugged her to him again. Katniss nodded, surreptitiously wiping her tears against his icy chest, and tugged him as he stepped over the threshold, back home where he belonged. XXXXX This was such a pain to write! I want to thank my prereaders, mitchesbcray, dandelionlass, madambeth and peetabreadgirl. I special shout out to my betas, katnissdoesnotfollowback, solasvioletta and bubblegum1425, for encouraging me and keeping me from filing this one-shot in the trash. I hope you guys enjoyed it!