in pain. "I swear, if you don't do something, I'm going to leave," she threatened. Peeta chuckled behind her, and she heard the slow sliding of his zipper, felt his erection slap her hard against her thigh. His thumb was still hooked in her ass, and he gave one more hard suck, biting her again before he rasped, "No, you won't," With that, he plunged into her. She shouted from the shock, which quickly turned into a moan as he pulled out his length and dived into her again. The feeling of his dick widening her so suddenly was the closest thing to heaven she had felt in a long while. She felt him all the way up to her belly, the exquisite pain of being slammed into made her entire body shudder and shake. But his strokes became slow and measured. He reached around to knead her breasts before pulling her up so that her back was against his chest. He could do that. He had a long, beautiful, dick perfectly proportional, with a thick, round head and a straight hard shaft that seemed magically attuned to her body, able to hit her in the right places each time he was inside of her. She sometimes looked at it and couldn't resist putting it in her mouth, swallowing his length until it was he who looked ready to beg for mercy. He lunged upwards, holding onto her breasts as he settled his knees between hers. Katniss couldn't suppress the small laugh that escaped her as his strokes took form, becoming harder, faster and yet, when she was close, when she was sure he'd let her fly, he pushed her off of him and flipped her around. She became enraged. He was playing with her, and her patience had run out. "Fuck you, Peeta!" she shouted, attempting to crawl out from under him, but he grasped her thighs and yanked her back in place. "No, fuck you, Katniss!" he mocked her as he pinned her wrists above her head with one hand, the other grasping his cock and rubbing her entrance, their mingled juices now indistinguishable as he continued to tease her. She felt she was turning purple from anger and frustration, convinced he had asked her to come to him to punish her for staying away from him for so long. "You knew what this was about when we started!" she spat. "What does that mean to me?" he shot back. "Things aren't like that anymore. Not for me…" "Goddamn you! Fuck me already! This isn't the time…" "It's never the time for you, is it?" he said, his anger blinding his strategy. This time, he plunged into her. He let her hands go, pushing her legs apart as he pounded her. She cried out, clawing at his back. He pummeled into her, the force of impact spreading like a shockwave through her body, rocking her breasts, making the mattress slam into the stone wall behind them. She was close to coming, a warning that came out garbled and incomprehensible from her lips. He was sweating despite the cool air and the drops of his salty efforts dropped onto her chest like rain. Then he slowed. "No!" she screamed, tears of frustration and anger escaping her eyes. "I need to come." "No, you don't. Not until you explain to me why you are determined to destroy my life!" he said, his own anger causing his face to redden beneath his freckles, freckles she had once tried to count while he slept. Soft, gentle, brown freckles that spoke to the sweeter side of his nature. It was the memory of his tenderness, his utter devotion to her pleasure and well-being that finally broke her pride. "Please," she gasped, her resolve gone. "Let me come…I'll do what you ask. I'll...explain...everything. Just please..." He dropped his head, leaving a long, heady kiss on her lips, before kissing the tip of her nose. "Come, then," he said, pushing into her forcefully as his fingertips swept over her clit. Finally. It was enough to push her over the edge of the world. Her hand reached to find the headboard, back arched. Her screams reverberated through the cavernous studio, echoing back to her ears. Peeta bit her neck, swirling his hips over her, his glorious cock hitting places she'd never known existed before him. He grunted her name against her neck, sending a wave of heat though her clit, her pussy, every part of her body. Her orgasm took on a life of its own, even after he had shuddered in release over her, his face a beautiful contortion of desire, anger, pleasure and defeat. Her body rocked on until it finally subsided and took all her will with it. His head rested on her shoulder, the stickiness of their mingled sweat causing their skin to cling together. A wave of euphoria overcame her as she breathed it in their smell. After a long while, where Peeta's body pressed down into her until she could almost just bear it, he whispered, "Why?" Katniss licked her lips, suddenly overwhelmed with a sad desire to kiss him, to see him smile again. She wanted all these things and she shouldn't. She couldn't. But she didn't know how to articulate all of these things without violating every single rule she'd ever constructed to ensure that her life was something she could bear. It would have been the biggest mistake of their lives. So she told yet another lie. "Because I don't love you." XXXXX This is the beginning of a ficlet outlined for five chapters. Thank you so much for reading! This is dedicated to my friend, akai-echo , who has been such a huge part of this PiP experience, literally giving me her full and total support and her friendship. Hope this reaches your expectations! Thanks to my betas solasvioletta , tanbwrites and madambeth . Also thanks to peetaspenis for organizing PiP. It's been lots of fun.