she whispered quietly and I realized I had said the words out loud. It didn't matter, for our love was a secret knowledge we had carried within us before the day she walked into my parent's bakery. She took my face in both her hands, her thumbs caressing my cheeks and kissed me, deeply, languidly, with the full intent of marking the moment before pulling back to gaze at me. "Is it even possible to love someone in that way?" she asked. "Can something like that be real?" I thread my fingers in her wild hair, tugging gently at the tangles I found there. "It's real, Katniss. As real as you and I are at this very moment." XXXXX We were married almost the year to the day that we met, right after graduation. We had a small wedding party - my brothers, her friend Johanna, who had often babysat Prim, as well as Prim herself, who served as the maid of honor. To round out the pack was my best friend, Finnick, and his wife Annie, whom I'd known all my life in Panem. "She's a work of art, mate," Finnick had said when he first met her. "How on earth did you catch someone like that?" "Oh, stop it, Finn!" Annie said in that breathless way she had of speaking. Finnick was studying medicine and, being several years older than me, was almost done with his medical studies and searching for a residency. Annie taught first grade at the local elementary school. "Peeta is quite a catch! She's as lucky as he is." "Thanks, Annie!" I said good-naturedly as I raised my beer bottle to toast. "The only good taste Finnick ever showed was in marrying you." Annie chuckled as Finnick groaned. "Well, flattery will get you everywhere!" Finnick had to eat his words on the day of our wedding. I was positively dashing, not just because of the very expensive wedding suit. Katniss would finally be my wife and I didn't think there were many other things that could make me more happy at that moment and that happiness shone brightly in every thing I did. XXXXX We'd gone to the sanitorium where her mother was being treated to break the news of our engagement and upcoming nuptials. I had begun accompanying Katniss and Prim on these trips because they were hard on Katniss and left her in a depression when they were done. It was clear that Katniss took after her father because Mrs. Everdeen was an older version of Prim. She had once been a beautiful woman but now it was obvious that she lived like a shadow among the living. "Momma!" Prim chirped cheerfully, kneeling before her seated mother and hugging her gently to her as if she would break. "My girls. My darling girls," Mrs. Everdeen said in a mild panic and I understood suddenly why Katniss' mother could not be in the world any longer. Everything, even her own instinctive love for her children, overwhelmed and terrified her, reducing her to immobility as a defense against those intense feelings. I gripped Katniss' hand as we watched Prim try to talk to her. "Katniss has some news for you, mom!" Prim said with heartbreaking hope. Perhaps she thought the idea of something happy might bring her back to herself. "Mom," Katniss said. "You remember Peeta, right?" "Yes, dear, of course," the wraith-like woman said gently, nodding kindly to me. "We're getting married," Katniss started shakily. She cleared her throat before speaking again. "Peeta and I are getting married this summer, after graduation," Mrs. Everdeen looked from me to Katniss and back again, wrestling with comprehending her words. "Married?" "Yes, mom. Married," Katniss answered but something in her voice hardened, catching my attention. I moved closer to her and wrapped an arm around her shoulder. "Married?" repeated Mrs. Everdeen. "I was married once," she whispered. "But now he's gone." She turned her head to look out the window as if she could see her deceased husband there. "Mom?" Prim asked, prodding her gently. "Did you hear what Katniss said? She's getting married! I saw her dress! She's going to be so pretty!" But Mrs. Everdeen was no longer with us. Maybe she'd gotten lost in a memory of her own, one that she shared only with her long-lost husband. Katniss sagged against me and I understood what was in her voice earlier. She'd seen this coming. She knew her mother would not have the means to give her blessing, which is what Katniss desperately wanted. It wasn't cruelty, though I was impatient and secretly angry at what I thought was her mother's selfishness at the time. Knowing what I know now, I understand that Mrs. Everdeen's soul was half in this world and half in her husband's plane and she could no more fully interact with those of us here on Earth than we could have conversed with the angels. I now recognize her desperation and illness for what it really was - terminal, soul-rending heartbreak. It was a condition that had seized her from the world of the living, a condition her daughter would someday succumb to. And it would be fully and completely my fault. XXXXX So Katniss was not only beautiful that day. She was radiant as the sun. And I was a satellite caught in her orbit, full of happiness and the monumental importance of the moment. On that day, I bound myself to her and to her sister in the most powerful way I knew how. They both belonged to me, to care for in equal measure. When I said "I do," I did so with all the naive optimism of youth, and gave myself over to the illusion of my immortality. For I truly believed I would have the rest of my life to show Katniss all the ways that I loved her. XXXXX Part 2 of 7 tomorrow! Thanks to abbythebear and solasvioletta for betaing this fic!