determined to keep moving and we do. He sees Peeta while we walk and he tries to kill him, but fails. We make our way back to the Cornucopia and Marvel hatches a plan. If any tribute where to leave their platforms before the games began they would trigger mines that would kill them. Marvel has us replant the mine around all the goods and wait for people to try to steal them and watch the numbers of tributes fall. Later that day we meet the boy from 3 but Cato doesn't kill him. He adds him to our group instead. He tells us that he has seen the girl from 12 and that she was with the girl from 11 Rue (She was only 12 (the youngest tribute)). We later see smoke coming from the forest and we all go to investigate except the boy from 3. We have him stand guard in case anyone manages to get past the mines. We find that there are several trick fires set up but before we can react a loud boom comes from the Cornucopia. We all rush back to find all of our stuff blown to bits. Cato runs over to it and begins to throw a tantrum and smacks the ground rapidly. He then gets up and goes to the boy from 3 and places his hands on his head and quickly jerks one back and the other forwards affectively snapping the boy's neck. A cannon fires to assure us. We see the girl from 12 standing in the brush and quickly run away. "I want you to find her and kill her, NOW!" Cato screams to Marvel. "Try not to kill the little one." I whisper to Marvel. He nodes unsurely. We try to piece together what happened and we find the girl from 12's arrow. We wait a few minutes, and we hear 2 cannon fires. We follow in Marvels footsteps, to find the girls dead bodies. But we don't. Instead we find little Rue buried in flowers and Marvel…with an arrow stuck through his heart. I dropped to my knees in disbelief. As soon as I see the girl from 12… I am going to kill her. Cato picks me up and we begin to run into the woods until we hear a voice call from the sky. "Attention, there has been a slight change to the rules. We will now be allowing 2 tributes from the same district to be the winners, instead of our usual one. Also there will be a feast tomorrow morning at the Cornucopia. But this will be no ordinary feast, you all need something desperately. This will be the only announcement." The voice says. We smile and node our heads. The mournful feelings of Marvel's death have already passed. We sleep and in the morning we hike back to the Cornucopia. "I'll go in. You stay here and come in as back up." I say. "Ok." He says. We stare at each other for a while, then he grabs my shoulders pulls me close and kisses me. I stand in shock then run to the feast. I understand now what he meant. "I just want to save you…while there's still something left to save." He cares about me…he wants me to win. I slow my running to a jog when I see the girl from 5 run across and take a bag with her number on it. I fear that someone will steal my bag so I begin running again. I see the girl from 12, and without thinking I draw a knife from my belt and throw it at her. It grazes her head and she falls, but quickly regains balance and draws her bow. I'm now running towards her as she begins to fire at me. She shoots one, I dodge; a second. It hits but I am now to close for it to do any damage. I pounce onto her and we struggle until I finally pin her down, and say the first thing that comes to mind. "Look, sound, and be intimidating." Cato's words ring through my head. I had already decided to trust him. I figured if he was so confident, and had kept me alive this long, I should. I wear a viscous look and speak. "Where's Lover Boy?" I say. "Is he okay, I'm very worried?" I say in my head. "Oh I see you were going to help him right? Well that's sweet. Well it's too bad you couldn't help your little friend. That little girl. What was her name again? Rue?" I say aloud "I'm so sorry, I told Marvel not to do it, but he did anyway." I say mentally "Yeah well we killed her." I say and quickly draw a small but lethal knife, and run it across her cheek. "And now, I'm going to kill you." I say raising my knife. But I don't want to. I just want to go home; escape from these cruel games. When suddenly I feel a hand on my arm and I am lifted into the air, and slammed onto the walls of the giant metal cornucopia. I am greeted by a face that I could only put the name Thresh on. I begin to pant franticly as he speaks. "You kill her?" He asks. "No!" I say. "I heard you-" He starts. "CATO! CATO!" I scream. I see him appear from the forest but it is too late. "You said her name! YOU SAID HER NAME!" He says and slams me onto the wall repeatedly, until I fell something in the back of my head crack open and I fall to the ground in shock. He lets the girl from 12 go because she helped Rue. I am slowly bleeding to death, as Cato approaches me tears pooling in his eyes. A silver parachute for Cato lands next to me as I say the word. " Win " And I die.