tide back in their favor. Especially after the war ended. Their silence is unnerving. I am worried, but recent transmission intercepts have shown that they will not make a move for quite some time. All the more reason to get ready for this year's Quarter Quell. "General Wong, do not worry yourself to bits about this. Just continue to do your job well, and let me handle this," I say. "Perhaps a live broadcast could convince them of the futility of such actions…" He nods. "As you wish, Mr. President." He backs out and I smile. Now to get ready for the announcement. The hours pass, and before I know it, it is noon. Time to announce the Quell. I stand and head out onto the balcony from which I shall make the announcement. Cheers break out across the country as I stand there and extend my hands to bask in their adoration. Oh, how I love this job! I cry in my head. Finally, I lower my hands and the cheers die down as the announcer speaks. "Ladies and gentlemen of the Capitol and all of Panem! Please welcome President Wilton Rose!" Again cheers and applause reach out as I adjust my satin tunic and run a hand through my brown hair. My grey eyes sparkle with delight from within me as I grasp the mike in my hand and speak. "Hello, Panem!" I say. People cheer, but most remain silent as I continue my prepared speech. "It's that time of year again for the Annual Hunger Games! But this year is no ordinary year. This year is the 100th Quarter Quell, which makes it a very special time indeed! And as is typical, we shall remember some of the more successful Quells before I read the card! "First up was the Third Quarter Quell, in which past victors were Reaped to show that even the strongest among them could not stop us. That was perhaps the strangest of them all, you could say." Laughter ripples through the crowds. "The Seventeenth Quarter Quell invoked drawing on the Tributes' worst fears and inflicting those very fears on them through the arena itself to show that not even the bravest could stand up to us. I have to admit, watching it on video really gives me the shivers!" More laughter. "And finally, the previous Quarter Quell transformed all the Tributes into machines rather than men to show that the rebels' leader was in charge of the machinations of the failed resistance. That one led to a load of lorries in the first few minutes of the Bloodbath!" The crowds roar with laughter as I smile and give the thumbs up. "Now, time to read the card for this year's Quarter Quell!" I say. I wave a finger and an Avox runs forward, eyes lowered and again, shoulders hunched in submission. I take the box from the female creature and she scurries off into the shadows. I open the box and reach in, pulling out the yellowed envelope numbered 100 . I gently open it and pull out the perfectly preserved index card. Silence falls as I adjust my spectacles and clear my throat. "'To remind the rebels of how futile it was to try and escape the Capitol's fury, the Tributes this year will be given the chance to escape the arena alive…but not without risks.'" I read. The crowd stares before I lower the card. "And there you have it, my beloved people! The Quarter Quell has just been announced!" I say. Cheers break out as I raise my hands and close my eyes, basking in the warmth of the Capitol's adoration. This will be an interesting Quell indeed, I muse. The next week after the announcement I stand in front of my full length mirror and adjust my suit as the door chimes and slides open. An Avox comes in and deposits an envelope on my bed. I turn as the creature leaves and I open the envelope. Inside is the list of Tributes I am expecting. Tributes District 1 Male: District 1 Female: District 2 Male: District 2 Female: District 3 Male: District 3 Female: District 4 Male: District 4 Female: District 5 Male: District 5 Female: District 6 Male: District 6 Female: District 7 Male: District 7 Female: District 8 Male: District 8 Female: District 9 Male: District 9 Female: District 10 Male: District 10 Female: District 11 Male: District 11 Female: District 12 Male: District 12 Female: The list resembles more or less a shopping list of pawns for the Games. I feel my heart race as I turn to the window. I cannot wait for the Games to begin. Well? Like it? Love it? Hate it? Don't be afraid to review and let me know what you think. The Tribute Form will be on my profile, and the list will be updated as time goes on. All Mary Sue and Gary Stu Tributes will be rejected and/or ignored. All submissions must be by PM, not review. Each person can submit up to two Tributes if they want. And don't be afraid to throw in escorts or mentors, if you want too. Now there will be sponsorship. Each reader that submits and/or reviews will be given 1000 points. The following can get ya more points: Reviews – 25 Tributes – 100 for a boy, 120 for a girl, 200 for a Bloodbath. Fave – 20 Follow – 10 Each below costs points: Basic Weapon Bow and arrow – 10 pts Spear – 15 pts Lance – 12 pts Knives – 20 pts Sword – 18 pts Trident – 15 pts Mace – 17 pts Advanced weapon Gun – 250 pts Ammo packs – 100 pts for three packs Grenades – 300 pts Landmines – 200 pts Gear All gear ranges from 20 to 400 pts. Specify what you need and I'll give it to ya. Same with medicine and food. Now get to submitting, my peeps~!