that would remind him of the place he had entered. When he had ranged deeply and risked being caught by the setting sun, he began to feel real fear. He was weakened by cold and hunger, and a terrible dread filled him at the prospect of another night among those nightmarish trees. Peeta sat despondently on a rock near the lake's edge, considering his dwindling options, but his thoughts were interrupted by a shifting of leaves just beyond the tree line. He scurried between two large tree trunks, wondering what animal would make such a sound. It made sense that creatures of the forest would descend on this lake to drink, and he suddenly questioned the wisdom of making an encampment in that place. If a bear or a lion had emerged from that copse of trees and vegetation, Peeta would not have been more surprised. What greeted his eyes instead was a person - a wild, young woman. She wore her dark hair in a braid that fell over her left shoulder and had an olive complexion, typical of the natives of the seaside villages. He also noticed that she was not particularly tall, yet she carried herself with the confidence of one who could survive anything. She was regal in an unaffected way, and it struck a curiously powerful chord within him. The bow she held was almost as long as she was, clearly handmade, and she wore a quiver of arrows slung across her back. At her side was a leather bag that bulged, obviously full of game. Peeta decided that, if he had any chance of escaping death in this forest, he would have to make himself known. Emerging slowly from the behind the trees, hands raised in an effort to appear less threatening, Peeta showed himself to the young lady. "Lady, if I may…" No sooner had he uttered the first syllable of his greeting but the bow that the girl carried was cocked and armed with an arrow pointing directly at his chest. Peeta blanched, expecting the arrow to make good on its promise to his body. A rush of fear froze his heart in place. However, all that was forgotten when he looked into those menacing eyes. They were of a grey color unseen in all his travels - luminous and clear, with a dark border that seemed to accentuate their bottomless quality of the color, flecks of crystal radiating out from the pupil. His artist's eye, even diminished with fear, nonetheless rejoiced in the discovery of something so rare that his distraction with those eyes together with his weakness made him forget the mortal predicament he was in. So great was his rapture that he did not hear the girl when she spoke. "Are you ill, sir?" she said again impatiently. "I said, what is your business here?" Her voice shook with nervousness and fear. "Forgive me. I am a guest of Senator Odair. I left his estate yesterday morning to walk the woods. I have since become lost and do not know the way back." The young lady's eyes narrowed as she considered his explanation. "Senator Gaius Odair's lands lay far to the east of here. You have wandered quite a long way, if what you say is true," she said suspiciously. "Please, my name is Peeta Mellark, and I reside in the city of Nicosia. I am only a guest and am quite unfamiliar with these woods. I admit, I became lost out of complete foolishness. The beauty of the land so seized me that I rushed unthinkingly through the foliage and only too late realized my error," he lied, unwilling to share the true depth of his idiocy. She nodded slowly at his explanation. "An unwise choice, sir. These woods are home to mountain lions and bears, for which you would make an easy meal." She took in his appearance - the haggard face, the dirty but well apportioned cloak, and the clear terror that emanated like a shield from his body. After a long pause in which she appeared to conduct a mental debate, she nodded to herself before lowering her bow and arrow. "Night falls quickly in winter. You will not have time to return to your lands. It would be an honor, sir, to invite you as a guest to our humble home. We have little in the way of luxury, but you will be fed and protected. In the morning, I will accompany you back to your friend's estate." Peeta put a hand over his heart in gratitude. It was the custom on this island to treat guests with great respect and though the honor of her household demanded that she offer shelter to a lost soul, he nonetheless did not underestimate how great his fortune was in being found by this young woman. "Your hospitality will be well rewarded by my patron, young lady. May the gods ever bless your home and hearth." He bowed before her in a sign of humility. The young lady appraised Peeta further and satisfied with her internal assessment, indicated a path he had not seen in the thickets before. "Sir, we must make haste if we do not wish to make our bed in the forest this night." "Please, my lady. What is your name?" he asked as he followed behind her. "Katniss, and my father is Everdeen. Please, hurry. Apollo's chariot has nearly completed his journey this day." She turned and walked with a sure foot through the maze of vegetation while Peeta stumbled meekly behind her. XXXXX Author's Note: This story was written for Fandom4LLS. Many thanks to my betas, solasvioletta, bubblegum1425 and peetabreadgirl. Also, a giant thank you to madamemarquise for pre-reading and to all the writers who contributed to a wonderful cause. An extra kudos to the organizers of this brilliant fundraiser. Go to fandom4lls dot tumblr dot com for more information about how to donate money or stories to raise money for leukemia.