surprise. "Really? You pervert!" she laughed. "A regular creep." I whispered as I kissed her neck, satisfied when I felt her shiver from the contact. We danced for a while longer while the glow from the candles and the warm fire combined to make us feel as molten as the warm chocolate. I led her wordlessly to the pile of pillows and blankets where we drank a bit of the warm chocolate before she positioned her head on my lap. I opened up what had lately become my favorite book, smoothing her hair with one hand as I read with the other. I was nervous - I hoped she wouldn't find it trite for me to read to her. Like me, not everything made sense - the poem was so very old: Let me not to the marriage of true minds Admit impediments. Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds, Or bends with the remover to remove: O no! it is an ever-fixed mark That looks on tempests and is never shaken; It is the star to every wandering bark, Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken. Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks Within his bending sickle's compass come: Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, But bears it out even to the edge of doom. If this be error and upon me proved, I never writ, nor no man ever loved. Katniss was staring at me enraptured. "I could listen to you all day." she whispered. "You said something like that in the woods." "You really understood this poem that quickly? I had to read it at least eight times before I got it." I said in astonishment. "Not every word. But it makes sense to me." She pulled the poem over to her, scanning it for a moment, running her fingers under each line. "There's no reason why two like-minded people should not be married. Love doesn't change when circumstances change, or when the person you love is gone. No. It's like a fixed point that sees storms but doesn't waver. Love is the star for every wandering…" she paused with a twinkle in her eye, "...ship. It has great value though it can be measured. Love is not at the mercy of time though physical beauty is its victim. Love doesn't change with hours or weeks but lasts to the end of time. If I am wrong about these thoughts, then I recant everything I've written and no one has ever really loved." she smiled in satisfaction. "You're tricking me. You've seen this before!" I accused, astounded by her understanding. "Why does it surprise you that I would understand that? Do you think I'm dumb?" she accused in a dangerous tone. "No, I just, I didn't think you really, well, I thought this might be a little too fluffy for you." I stuttered. Katniss made an impatient face. "My father sung all kinds of songs to us. I'm out of practice but I can figure out a poem. Plus all the harder words are explained at the bottom." I was in awe of her yet again. "You always find new ways to amaze me." She became serious. "Think what you would have missed if you'd have gone away. You'd just be handing another victory over to the Capitol. We can't have that. Not anymore." "I won't ever go away. I promise." I said, my voice becoming thick with emotion. "This poem made me think of us. How we should not put impediments on what we feel." I bent to kiss her but she pulled back. "Read one more." she fairly purred. "You're so sexy when you read to me." I pulled her onto my lap and held the book up for the last poem. You are such a good cook. I am such a good cook. If we get involved we'll both get fat. Then nobody else will have us. We'll be stuck,two mounds of wet dough baking high and fine in the bed's slow oven.**** Katniss threw her head back in heady laughter, a sound more beautiful than the soft melody playing in the background. "No, that's it! That's us!" She crawled up over me, pushing the book aside, giving me a deep kiss that tasted of melted chocolate. "You like that one the best, don't you." I teased, marveling at how she could set me alight with the smallest gesture. "You are so profound." "That I am." she kissed me again, this time more earnestly. "Show me how our little nest works because right now, I want to bake high and fine with you." We both laughed as she dragged me down onto the piles of soft, warm blankets. XXXXX *A Book of Luminous Things: An International Anthology of Poetry by Czeslaw Milosz **"Her nightgown has a bamboo sash. She wipes the dew off her mirror." from Getting Up In Winter by Emperor Ch'ien-Wen of Liang ***"That girl with the golden necklace & ivory breasts whose body ignited the river: she who rose like the moon from her bathing & brushed back the ebony hair that fell to her waist" from What Chord Did She Pluck by Steve Kowit Both poems found in A Book of Luminous Things: An International Anthology of Poetry by Czeslaw Milosz **** Sentimental Poem by Marge Pierce A million thanks to SolasVioletta for putting up with me and working so hard on this fic. Thanks also to TiffOdair for reading it through even though she had a 103 F fever! That's probably why she thought it was any good. And finally, Marquise des Anges for her feedback and support. I'm a lucky lady to have all of you! This chapter is a follow-up to another one-shot I wrote for Prompts In Panem - The Seven Deadly Sins: Wrath ( When "Bad" is the Worst You've Ever Seen ) but it is not necessary to have read it to understand this outtake.