helped. Therefore I need you. And you need help too. With what did or rather didn't happen with Peeta" Katniss's face darkened but she went forward anyway. "He's out there cuddling another girl, and you're in here in a house that is dark and slightly depressing, and something clearly went wrong somewhere. So you need help, my help." Katniss stepped away from her again. "Why do you think you can help me?" "I did last time didn't I? I mean yeah it was more of you helping me but I got you out of the room with your family and into an environment that let you become an actual force in the war effort." She didn't see the slap coming, and it burned. Katniss stood there, her eyes blazing. "That fucking war effort got my sister killed! My LITTLE sister! Who was innocent, and good, and DIDN'T deserve to die! And if I had been with her -" "She would have still been killed. She was a healer, she would have still been there, and she would still be gone. You wouldn't have been able to do anything, wouldn't have been able to stop her. You're right Katniss, she was good, she needed to help. If you weren't fighting she still would have helped. You had nothing to do with it." Katniss started at her, and Johanna knew it wasn't enough. It would probably never really be enough, but one lecture definitely wouldn't make a lot of impact. She moved into Katniss's space. "I know me telling you this doesn't help, doesn't assuage your guilt. It might never. You're going to have to live with pain the rest of your life. But it's better to live with her death than to live with guilt over her death." She scooted forward a little more. "You." Half a step. "Were." Another half a step. "Not." She reached up to cup Katniss's face with both hands. "Responsible." She leaned her forehead against the other girls, staring her straight in the eye. "It was not your fault and I've decided that's why I'm here. To tell it was not your fault. I've also decided I'm going to stay here. To tell you every day it was not your fault, until you start to believe me." She felt Katniss nod slowly, her head dipping down as she seemed to soak up Johanna's words. Then her face shifted even closer and she felt the district 12 victor's lips on hers. She stiffened in surprise, then placed both hands of Katniss's chest and pushed. "What the fuck are you doing?" The former mocking jay looked flustered, her face turning red in embarrassment. "I'm so sorry, I wanted you to stop talking about her but I didn't want to offend you and make you leave and Haymitch told me and I guess he was wrong but after Peeta and Delly and I was hurting and I dunno I guess he thought it would be a good idea but I -" She clamped a hand over the other girl's mouth. "Whoa. Haymitch told you what exactly?" Mumbles came from behind her hand and she could feel Katniss's lips moving. She removed the hand. "He um, well. He, uh, said that, um, you – you liked um . . . girls. He told me that you liked girls." She felt her stomach drop. Bastard . "And what else?" Katniss looked confused. "What do you mean what else? That's what he told me." "He didn't tell you anything else? Why did you kiss me then?" "Well I wanted you to shut up and I thought you might like it cause of what Haymitch said and – hmph" Johanna surged forward, hands coming up to hold Katniss's face in place as she connected their lips. She took her time, letting their mouths move together slowly, keeping a gentle yet firm pressure. She felt Katniss start to pull away slightly, so she tilted her head to touch her forehead to the other girl's. Giving her a small space and split second to take a breath she reapplied pressure, keeping her head tilted slightly downward, dominating the kiss and firmly claiming the other girl's mouth with her own. She kept their connection, determined not to let go of the moment until she absolutely had to. When her lungs started burning she pulled back and offered Katniss a grin. "If you're gonna kiss someone out of nowhere, do it like you know what you're doing Brainless." Katniss's eyes were huge, and she stared for a minute before nodding. "Duly noted. I'll remember that for next time." "Next time huh?" "Well you did say you were staying for a while. And it would be nice to have a hunting partner again." She nodded slowly, keeping their eyes locked. "That would work. Sounds like something I could live with." "Um, there is one problem." "What is that?" "I only have one bed." Johanna smirked. "Perfect." So I learned three things in writing this. One, I start way too many sentences with conjunctions and I'm pretty sure cause there's no one to tell me not to anymore. Two, dialogue is not a thing I really remember the format for. I think I broke some rules, hopefully it flows okay. Three, goddamn I cannot write romance. I struggled with that kiss and I still feel like it's poorly written, so my apologies. I'll probably stick to an abundance of character analysis from now on. I tried to keep them as in character as possible, I feel like this isn't really deep enough in either of their heads to have fully achieved that. That being said it's 1:40 in the morning and I have a lab final tomorrow so I'm proud that I got something coherent out at all. Also, it's been proof-read but I'm really fucking tired so I could have easily missed something - any mistakes are mine. Feel free to tell me what is or isn't working.