would undo her. When she fell apart, he was mesmerized by the wave of pleasure that pushed through her body. He took all of her, every last spasm of release that she gave him until she was soft and spent in his hands. He rained gentle kisses along the insides of her thighs and flat stomach as he made his way up her body and lay next to her, watching her eyes roll back with satiation. "You realize I'm not done with you, yet," he said as he pulled her to him. She positively purred against his chest. "I certainly hope not." She pulled him down and kissed him, wrapping her legs around his waist so that his cock, still imprisoned by his boxers, rubbed against her moist center. She shook her head at this. "This won't do," she said as she used her small feet to hook his boxers with her toes and slid them down over his waist. "Shit, you're like a spider monkey." He laughed as he ground into her folds, bathing it with her slick moisture. "You have no idea," she said cryptically and his mind was filled with all kinds of images of her feet doing insane things to him that made his cock twitch impatiently. "Show me later?" he whimpered as she closed her legs so that his legs were on either side of her and his cock was trapped between her wet folds and slick, firm thighs. "Yes. But right now, move," she ordered. He buckled his hips, the feeling of his cock gliding in the tightly enclosed space of her lips was so different from any sensation he'd had up to that moment. It was like he was inside of her but not really and the angle of his movement stimulated her clit directly, making her more frenzied as she clenched her thighs together. She gripped his hips to keep him in place even though all he wanted was to be inside of her. This tension between controlling his motion, all the while wanting to enter her, aroused him even more. He leaned on his forearms, moving his hips in a steady pace that took all of his concentration to maintain, while her lips ran over his neck and chin, biting and nipping him. She finally captured his lips again, kissing him furiously until he moaned with the delirium created by her wet mouth. He moved against her, holding her head as he kissed her. The tell-tale tightening in his balls told him he was close but he wanted to feel her around him. He pulled back and swiftly dug into the end table, pulling out a silver foil that he ripped open with his teeth. Sheathing himself with the condom, he opened her legs, fondling her opening with his fingers before taking himself in hand and slowly pushed himself inside of her. "You are so tight," he gritted as he pulled out and entered again. Her grey eyes, heavy with lust and desire, widened as he sunk his entire length inside of her. She squirmed beneath him for a moment as she adjusted to his size before grabbing his ass and pulled him towards her. He gasped at the way her muscles clenched around him, massaging his shaft as he entered her. "Bossy, aren't you?" he laughed as he let her lead him. "I want what I want," she breathed in his ear as she sucked on his earlobe. He ran his hands over her thighs as he slowly took over the rhythm, his thrusts becoming more insistent as he felt himself climbing, her own muscles beginning to flutter around him. Katniss held his gaze as her body began to unravel beneath him and when she came, she dropped her head back and screamed, "Peeta!" The sound of his name on her lips as she panted out her orgasm became too much and he let himself go also, crying out against her hair, his body trembling as he emptied himself. When the last of the tremors subsided, he slid out of her and lay next to her supple body. He deftly removed the condom and discarded it in the wastebasket near the bed, then took Katniss and pulled her towards him. He could tell she was sated by the way her body seemed made of warm dough in his hands - soft, warm and spent in his arms. He was in a paradise he never could have imagined and wanted to hold her and never let her go. He kept the intensity of this feeling to himself, as he didn't want to frighten her but he resolved, in that moment, to make it his mission in life to make sure she never wanted to leave again. As he breathed in the smell of her, now mixed with his own sweat and sex, she tilted her head back. "Peeta, do you think we could maybe not wait four years to do this again?" She was flippant but there was a vulnerability in her eyes that she had hidden from him with her bravado in bed. He gave her a deep kiss, debating on whether to respond with something clever of his own but decided to take a chance. "Why don't you just stay forever?" he said, holding his breath. He had placed all his bets on this - all or nothing - and he waited for her response. She snuggled in deeper against him and yawned against his chest. "Okay. I'll stay." XXXXX I just had to write something for World Cup fever! I changed a few things from the originally posted story, most notably some small errors in formatting that got away from me. Thanks to my dynamic beta duo, Solasvioletta and Bubblegum1425 for their editing superpowers. Many thanks also to the organizers of the Write-Me-a-Story Hunger Games Challenge for the prompt and to RoNordmann for the lovely banner. For more information on this challenge, visit wmashchallenge at tumblr dot com.