the rocky ground did not permit the symmetrical and elegant squares of the Capitol's city blocks and buildings. Here, the town center was circumnavigated by stubborn hills and ravines, upended tree trunks and thick, green bushes spilling down from the mountainside. Katniss lay without fear of discovery because she knew that it would take an intrepid soul to mount the small hillock behind the former pig pen to catch sight of her laying like a rag doll under the scraggly branches. And there were so few souls right now in District 12, anyway. With her eyes resting shut, she caught the sound of a bumble bee whirling by in its search for an open pistil to rest on while feeding on the sugary nectar of a flower. It was a sweet image of the fuzzy, yellow and black creature taking its fill of the flower's frothy delight, and for some reason, this made Katniss indescribably happy. She trained her ears on a shuffling sound of footsteps from the direction of the bakery and would have leapt up in embarrassment had the cadence of Peeta's step not been so thoroughly and completely his. When she opened her eyes, he was kneeling beside her, his head blocking the last embers of sunset, his curls diffusing the light like a warm halo. He had a half smile on his full lips, no doubt because of the strangeness of finding her prone on the rocky ground. "I'm assuming by the look of total relaxation, that you didn't fall down and hurt yourself," Peeta asked, suppressing a laugh. "You're right," Katniss said in a rare display of jocularity. "I am lying here because I want to. There's more blanket if you care to join me." Chuckling to himself, he hunkered down next to her until he was laying on his back, staring up at the darkening night sky. The inky blackness spread behind the receding sun, leaving the silence of a quieting town and the two of them lost in their respective thoughts. "This tree has been in my family since before I was born," Peeta said quietly after a long while. The stars twinkled between the sparse leaves of the branches struggling to flower. "When I was small, I spent all winter looking for the apple blossoms to appear. When they finally bloomed, I knew winter was over and spring had arrived." He turned his head to glance at Katniss' small but strong profile. "Everything was always a little better in spring." Katniss' mind flew automatically to the forest, the brisk, clear morning air, the light streaming with its own special glow through the canopy of trees. The woods teamed with animals emerging from their long winter's sleep. The easy hunting meant her family could eat well again, as good as a person could eat in the District 12 of the past. There were furs to sell and squirrels to trade. Spring brought food. And food was life in a place where it was always in short supply. "The best hunting is in springtime," Katniss said. "I hunted as much as I could so I could trade and stock for the winters because things were always so scarce then." She remembered the fur she sold in the Hob, the curing of meat, the drying of whatever wild herbs or fruit she found in the forest. She worked herself to the bone to make sure that her sister and mother didn't starve in winter. The thought of Prim pulled at the pit of her stomach and Katniss felt she had to look away from the pink and white blossoms hovering over her to regain her suddenly fading composure. Peeta spoke, pulling her back from her descent into sadness. "I know what you mean. I hardly ever saw you in winter. But when the little pink and white flowers sprouted on this tree, I knew the season of you was returning again." Katniss turned her head towards him at his confession. "I loved spring because it brought apple blossoms to this tree and you to the back door of the bakery." "Peeta…" she said, the swooping feeling of grief lifting at the upteenth evidence of his love for her. When he spoke again, it was with a voice full of feeling. "You don't know what it means to me to re-open this bakery at this time of the year, with you as my wife. It brings together everything that was ever good in my life." He turned his head and his impossibly blue eyes fell on her, the only light she could see in a world where the sun had sunk down below the horizon, leaving long fingers of gold and violet to pull the cover of night over their heads. "It means everything to me." He looked back up at the branches as Katniss' hand snakes across the duvet to close the space between them, her fingers twining together with his. "This is where it all started," she said, remembering how hard she shivered under that very same tree when she was eleven years old, the very same tree that witnessed a young Peeta tossing bread to a girl he'd known only from afar. She was in awe of all the accidents and travails that had carried them from the poorest corner of the earth, through all the Districts of Panem, to the Capitol itself, before winding through the treacherous hell of two arenas, and back to their crushed home again. She marveled at the mystery of how they'd both managed to return to both themselves and each other. "It ends at the beginning." Peeta shook his head with a happy, wide grin that infected Katniss with its secret joy. "Uh-uh, Katniss Mellark." He rolled onto his side, his hand gripping her waist and pulling her roughly towards him, his good leg pinning hers, the gleam in his eye twinkling with more than just humor. "It's not the end yet. We're only just getting started."