Capitol, they would be interviewed by the current reporter. Sometimes, people had an interview angle, which could either help them or hurt them. It depended on how well they executed it. The next day, the kids were shipped to an arena created by the Gamemakers, where they would murder each other. The bloodbath was the worst day, since they were all standing next to each other in close proximity. After that, they would become more separate. Often times, alliances were formed. The tributes from the upper-class districts—1, 2, and 4—would usually be part of the Career group, which the others feared. The Games lasted a matter of weeks, and when the victor was crowned, the trauma would never go away, even though they had left the arena. Carissa explained that Rue was reaped for the 74th Hunger Games—the penultimate one before the second rebellion—when she was my age. She had the lowest odds; it was highly unlikely that a twelve-year-old girl from District 11 would win. Good thing the Games aren't around now , I thought. She was actually a lot more talented than they assumed. During her interview, she expressed her confidence that nobody could catch her. Rue managed to escape the bloodbath, and she hid in the trees for the first part of the Games. I learned that she worked in the orchards as a child, so she gained proficient climbing skills. Then, she ran into Katniss Everdeen, the female tribute from District 12 and urged her to drop a hive of tracker jackers on the Career tributes pursuing her. Katniss killed two of them. They formed an alliance until death did them part, speaking in literal terms. They created a plan to blow up the Careers' food supply, and although Katniss managed to destroy it, Rue was speared to death by the boy from District 1. Her ally was too late to save her. Despite this, she sang her a lullaby, covered her in flowers, and held up three fingers to the screen—making a whistle. This led to controversy in Panem. I wasn't sure why people were so upset about it. Carissa proceeded to tell me how this led to the second rebellion, though. So I supposed it was significant enough. She didn't go as in depth as she did with Rue's story, but she told me the fundamentals of it. (I would learn more about it when I became older.) Essentially, the president at the time, Coriolanus Snow, thought of Katniss as a threat, and decided to bring her back into the arena the next year. She managed to escape this Games, too, and the war began around this time. Many people took refuge in District 13, and an army was formed among the refugees and the inhabitants of 13. There were several battles. Eventually, both the leaders of Panem and 13—Coin was just as oppressive as Snow—succumbed to undesirable demises. When the government was overthrown, Paylor—from District 8—became president, and the Games were abolished once and for all. A chill shot up my spine. I felt goosebumps prick up on my arms, even though the sun was shining bright and the climate was a far cry from frigid. It was difficult to process all of this information at once. I had been lied to for twelve years. What I thought was true was all a hoax. I wasn't sure what had happened before the beginning of Paylor's presidency, because it didn't really come to mind that much. Now I knew the truth, and I wasn't sure if I liked it or not. "So Mom and Dad lied to me?" I muttered, "Everyone lied to me!" Carissa grabbed my hand and stared me right in my eye, not looking away in the slightest bit. "Listen to me. They wanted to keep you safe. You weren't supposed to know about it, because—" "Wait, how did you find out about it?" "We talked about it in school last year. But I was two years older than you when I discovered this. I'm not even supposed to be telling you about it!" Her voice began to tremble. "Listen to me. Mom and Dad didn't want to you to know about the Hunger Games for a reason. It's not fair that any of it had to happen, okay? But I guess we have to accept it, don't we?" I'm still not sure what triggered me, but I broke down crying at that moment. Maybe it was because she said "not fair", or maybe it was "accept". Maybe it was because of the trembling of her voice. I don't know. She pulled me into a hug and kissed my temple. When she let go, I wiped the tears from my face. "We should get home soon," she stated, "Mom and Dad are probably wondering where we are." We stepped out of the grass and headed back towards the road. The sky was still bright, but my intuition told me that the sun would start setting soon. As we walked in silence, I thought about my grandparents. I would've never guessed that they had lost their daughter to death, but there's a lot you don't know about a person. I realized that I had made assumptions about them for years. I failed to form a strong relationship with them, to actually understand them. You can't bring the dead back, and you can't change what happened in the past, but you can help the living cope. It wasn't too late to start. A/N: Please tell me what you thought about this story! Any feedback is accepted. I'm not really sure how I got this idea, but I think it evolved from the idea of a child of the next generation discovering what happened when their parents were young. It's been a while since I read the books, so tell me if I messed something up canon-wise. Also, this is based off the books, not the movies, so Rue has five siblings. - Katrace