seeing her puffy, tear-stained face. "You run fast, Everdeen. Why'd you leave like that?" said Peeta as she snatched her keys out of his hand. "I told you. Prim has to be somewhere." she said as she continued to fumble with the key, her frustration making her even clumsier than usual. "No she doesn't. Doesn't she have dance until 7 today?" he responded and her fumbling got so bad, she dropped her keys on the pavement. "I need to go, that's all." she said, not bothering to lie anymore. Peeta bent down to pick up her keys and looked up, seeing her face for the first time. "Katniss, why are you crying!" He straightened up and took her by her shoulders. "Are you okay? Is it your mom?" "No, Peeta! Just leave me alone!" Katniss tried to break away but he held her firm. "I'm not going to leave you alone! I remember the last time you cried!" He didn't want to bring up her father's funeral but they both knew she never cried. He softened his voice which only made her more miserable. It would have been better if he were a jerk - it would have made not being able to have him less painful. This line of reasoning made her want to cry even harder and she yanked herself out of his grasp, managing to get the key in the keyhole. Peeta wasn't having any of this. As she made to open her car door, he pressed it shut and turned her around, doing something that shocked both of them, the consequences of that small act reverberating like an underwater tsunami for years of their lives afterwards. Pressing her against her car, he brought his lips down and kissed her gently, a simple gentle sweeping of his lips against hers so incongruous with the force with which he'd turned her around. Without pulling back completely, he simply stared at her, waiting for her to confirm whether this was going to be the best or worst moment of his life. Something hungry began to claw its way up inside of Katniss and, without thinking, she bridged the space between them, kissing Peeta back with a hunger that caught them both by surprise. Her mouth parted slightly and his eager tongue sought hers out. Soon they were exchanging a deep, heated kiss in the middle of that mall parking lot on a late spring evening. Something in the kiss recalled the day of the Valley Song, that shift in the air that signaled the creation of something as profound as the bonds that held together the very molecules of air themselves. When they broke apart, Peeta's eyes had become unnaturally bright, the pupils devouring the deep sky-blue and Katniss knew he wanted more. They both wanted more. But she had one thing to clear up. "Are you going to Prom with Delly?" She whispered, fear dripping from her words. Peeta pulled back in confusion. "Wha-? No, god, no! What gave you that idea? You mean...is that what you thought?" He smiled at this, which lit a fuse of anger inside of Katniss. "Is that what you thought back there? That Delly was my date to Prom?" He chuckled and in her humiliation, she pushed against him. "That's not why I ran away!" She all but screeched. Peeta pulled her towards him, pinning her to the car with both hands on either side of her, keeping her from escaping. "Yes it was. You were jealous." Understanding dawned on him as he said this, and he lost the look of mirth, his face becoming serious. "Katniss, I'd never take anyone else to Prom. I wanted to ask you but I couldn't get the nerve up. We've been friends for so long, I don't want to ruin what we have." Katniss' body went deathly still and yet there was a humming in her belly that was beginning to overwhelm her - a trembling expectation that would soon make her body react in indescribable ways. "You want to go to Prom with me?" she asked nervously. "What about Delly? It looked like you two were going dress shopping." "No, Katniss! She's going with Thom! I bumped into her outside of Nieman Marcus and we just started walking together, I promise!" He said with some vehemence. "I..." he stuttered at this, a flush pinking his cheeks, "I only want that with you." He whispered. "What, Peeta? What do you want with me?" Katniss asked, her eyes staring hungrily at his lips. She had no idea how arousing the look on her face was to him and he became physically uncomfortable that his growing desire would be so easily visible to her. Instead of answering her, he closed the space between them and kissed her again, this time moving his soft lips gently against hers, nipping at her bottom lip playfully before deepening the kiss. He pressed his body into hers and she felt his desire rub up against her, eliciting a gasp from her. "I don't want to just take you to Prom. I want to be with you. I don't know when I started feeling this way - I think maybe I always have - but I want you to be my girl, Katniss." He watched her closely, measuring her reaction. Katniss was stunned, her mouth half-hanging open. She had the sense to close her mouth before the most beautiful shy, smile Peeta had ever seen in his life lit up her face. "Really? Me? Not Delly?" she said, still amazed and yet, she'd somehow always known it would be this way. "No, not Delly or anyone else. Only you." he drew in a ragged breath. "It's always been you. Please Katniss, do you allow it?" he pleaded, his hand having dropped to rest on her hip. Katniss' smile widened - she didn't care that she hardly ever smiled because it made each one she gave him more special. "Yes, I allow it."