the ridiculously high heels, revealing her finely manicured toes painted black with a hint of red and yellow flames at the tip. I extended my hand, which she took almost daintily and led her to the bed. I searched her face, hoping that she understood that she could stop whenever she wanted to. In response, she took my hands, putting them on her breasts and pulled me down to her to kiss her again. I touched them carefully, running my thumb over the nipple, which elicited a burst of air from her against my lips. I trailed my lips softly down to suckle one, lapping their roundness, savoring her skin. I dreamed of touching her in this way for so long. Katniss' hands were in my hair as I became bold, kneading one as I worried the other, alternating my attentions. She was moaning in her deep, husky voice, a sound so sexy that my clothes became unbearable. I pulled the heavy vest off of me, fumbling with my pants as her hands ran over my chest, followed by her greedy lips, leaving a trail of heat over my chest. She kissed my nipples, an unexpected feeling coursing through me like fireworks and lava all rolled together until I was reduced to instinct, my hands taking her braid and coiling it around my fingers to tug on it. The blood roared in my ears when her small hands pushed my pants down my hips, underwear and all, my cock springing free and tapping her belly, making her pull back in surprise. At that moment, I knew she had never seen an aroused man before and I quailed momentarily at all the implications. She reached out and took me gently in hand, more curious than aroused, stroking her hands slowly along my length. Whatever her intention, the feel of her skin on the smooth tip, running her hand down the shaft and up again made me wince with an exquisite discomfort and I thrust myself into her hand instinctively. This caused her to look up at me with a half-smile as she stroked me rhythmically just a bit too hard. "This is how I like it." I whispered, putting my hand over hers and gliding her hand up and down. She nodded and followed suit, while I kissed her, kneading her bottom, until I came close to the edge. I removed her hand from me and pushed her gently down onto the bed, reclining next to her, ravaging her mouth all the while as my hands flitted across her belly, up her ribs, cupping her breasts again. My hands ghosted gently down to her fine underwear and probed under the waistband to touch her, both of us bucking at the feel of my fingers slipping into her wet folds. It excited me that she was so wet and it was just for me. I searched for that place that the guys in school always talked about when they were exchanging their limited experiences about girls, my fingers sliding up and down until a certain spot made Katniss arch off of the bed, a noisy groan escaping her lips. I buried her moans with my mouth as I applied a gentle pressure there. I knew I was onto something when Katniss pressed her hips into my hands, whispering my name in my ear over and over while I continued applying pressure, trying not to be too rough but, having no frame of reference, relying entirely on her body's reaction to guide my movements. Suddenly, the most amazing thing in the world happened and Katniss body began to shudder, tremors overtaking her. My name became a loud shout mixed with breathless moans as she squeezed her legs shut around my hands until she seemed to literally melt in my hands. She almost purred as she curled herself into my side, burrowing her head into my shoulder. In the meantime, I felt like a giant brick had landed in my belly, the pressure of my own arousal making me physically ache. She reached up to kiss me languidly and suddenly, I felt the feather-light touch of her hand over my throbbing cock, causing my ache to become a full-on throbbing. She gripped me, again too tightly but then, remembering my "lesson" from earlier, she used long, firm strokes instead, her thumb applying pressure underneath in just the way that made me forget everything except her name. I groaned and shuddered with the feeling of Katniss' hands on me. I put my hand over hers so that she was pumping me, bringing me closer to the edge of the world. Her breasts were pressed against me and I kneading them, her wonderful breasts that had started all of this, until I felt the unmistakable flood of heat and release as I came all over my belly, emptying out what felt like an eternity of longing. Katniss looked at her hand with a smug expression, studying my stickiness. She got up quietly and I had an agonizing moment where I thought she might just leave, that I might have gone too far but she returned a few minutes later with a wet towel and carefully cleaned me. Every muscle in my body felt fluid and warm, the heat of contentment flowing through me. Katniss said nothing but her hands were not still. She ran her finger over my forehead, down the bridge of my nose; the small indentation over my lips to the cleft of my chin, where she let it rest. At that moment, she looked down at me, considering something. "Can we do that again?" she asked. "Oh, wow, yes, always, all the time, anytime you want!" I gasped excitedly, eliciting a laugh from her. "No Johanna?" she asked hesitantly. "No. No Johanna. No nobody. Just you." I respond with all my heart. Satisfied, Katniss snuggled back down next to me, assuming our usual position. "Good." She whispered as she drifted off to sleep.