leg like a club. I was a fury, promising pain and retribution to anyone who approached me. "Katniss, what the hell do you have in your arms?" He squinted, not believing what his eyes told him. My breath came in spurts, my mind overrun with adrenaline and madness. I had never felt myself so transported. Before I could answer, I heard Peeta at the door of our house. He had limped his way down the stairs and made it to the door but without support, he could go no further. "Give me back my leg, Katniss!" he called. He was angry but I didn't care. He wasn't going anywhere without it. Haymitch stood in shock, looking from me to Peeta and back again. "You've got to be kidding me. Katniss, what the hell are you doing with Peeta's leg, for fuck's sake? Have you lost your mind?" I was sobbing now, struck with the picture I must have presented to Haymitch and now Effie who, upon hearing the tumult crossed the lawn, bearing a look as if she had seen death itself. "Well, that's not something you see every day." He muttered to himself. I could not register his sarcasm in the state I was in. The words tumbled out of me between breathless gasps, the tremor in my body so pronounced, my voice shook with it. "Haymitch, he wants to leave me because of this…" I pointed at my bruised face, my hysteria causing my words to tumble together. "And I said he couldn't but he insisted and he wouldn't stop packing so I took his leg because he can't leave, he can't leave." I shook my head, all sense of where I was completely gone. Instead I was in a strange, savage forest, alone with no compass, no way to sustain myself, no way to stay alive. "I'll die without him Haymitch, I'll die if he goes. I'll be nothing, there'll be nothing left of me and I'll just disappear. Please…" Here I grabbed his jacket lapel, oblivious to the look of pain and incredulity that he cast towards me. I implored Haymitch wordlessly as if he were the one leaving. I sunk to down to the winter-dried grass, hugging the prosthetic to my chest, something beyond grief having seized me, taking me with it. "Don't go. I'll do anything." I whispered. I had nothing left but my sobs and this extension of him and I clung to it as every tear I possessed bled out onto my face. Effie was overcome and sat next to me, holding me to her, murmuring into my ear. I don't know how he did it but suddenly Peeta was next to me, speaking to me in a voice thick with his own tears. "No, Katniss, don't do this." I became more undone, hiccupping and nearly hyperventilating. Haymitch tried to remove the leg from my grasp but I yanked it back to my chest in an iron grip. There was no way to pry it from me. "Katniss, calm down. Breathe, dear. You're going to faint if you don't take a deep breath." She looked up at Haymitch helplessly. He in turn fixed a murderous stare on Peeta. "Leaving? Is that the bright idea you were proposing?" hissed Haymitch. Peeta was beside himself, his head hanging, sobs wracking his body as he yanked the dried grass miserably out of the freezing ground. He could only nod in response. Kneeling next to me, Haymitch gently took hold of the prosthetic. I resisted but he just ran his hand over my hair, whispering soothing things in my ear, which had the effect of calming me infinitely. "Come on, sweetheart. Give me the device. He isn't going anywhere." I relented before his kindness, letting him pull it out of my arms. Peeta's held his head in his hands as Haymitch addressed him. "Right, boy? Tell her you're not going anywhere. Tell her that you are going to stay because otherwise you'll need to order another one of these nice things from the Capitol." Peeta put his head up, his eyes red from crying. "Why?" "Because this one here will be so far up your ass…" "Haymitch, that can't possibly help!" squealed Effie. He just looked at Peeta for a long moment before flinging the leg at him. "Put that thing on and take her inside. Be very nice to her and make sure you are never responsible for letting me see her like this again. It's one thing to have a flashback. It's another to be an asshole with your wits about you." "Haymitch…" began Peeta. "I don't' want to hear it!" he roared. "Act like you deserve her. You are supposed to be engaged, for crying out loud. That means you take the good with the bad, even if the bad is the worst thing you've ever seen. Take her inside. Right. Now." He took a deep breath and turned towards Effie. "Let's leave them alone. I got some of that whiskey you like over at my place." Effie looked at all of us, not sure where she should put her eyes. Slowly, she let herself be led away. As they walked, I could hear her whisper, "Is it like this all the time?" "No, they actually take turns being assholes." He muttered. XXXXX I originally intended this outtake to come after Chapter 32 in Good Again but then I wrote a second part and for the sake of pacing, I've decided to just go ahead and post it here as an outtake. I will post the second part on January 4, 2014 (there's a story behind that but I'll tell it hen). Anyway, I appreciate everyone's patience with me. I'll be working on another piece for S2SL and so I may not be posting again until the end of January. I'm also organizing the first annual Hunger Games Fanfic Jam. Check out the Forum of the same name for more details about participating.