when the other girl dived behind the counter when she wandered stark naked into the kitchen looking for food. A shrill accusation of being unwilling to ever cooperate assaulted her ears and when she argued that her single outfit smelled so much even she couldn't stand it Katniss had emerged – with a hand planted firmly over her eyes – groped in the air for Johanna's hand, then led her upstairs where she gestured to the closet and told Johanna to take whatever tickled her fancy. Johanna returned downstairs, dressed in clothing that was a little to big and a little too short. She tried not to feel self-conscious about how ridiculous she looked, an odd feeling considering she didn't mind being naked with her ruined physical state. She stuck to awkwardly shuffling sideways into the kitchen with her hands in her pockets and shoulders hunched, sticking to the wall and avoiding Katniss's gaze. The air felt heavy with silence – uncomfortable on her part and confused on Katniss's – and finally unable to take it she looked up to see the other girl standing there with her mouth open a look of utter bewilderment on her face. Blushing hard she turned to go back up stairs, but Katniss grabbed her and held her in place, scanning her body before finally meeting her eyes. It took a moment and a few swallows before she finally asked "Am I supposed to realize I'm attracted to you the moment you put on my clothes?" 0o0o0 The first time they kissed was an accident. Katniss's eyes were burning holes in her, flickering between her face and body with an intensity she didn't know how to deal with. She had given up and admitted her affection for the other girl had been building since they met right before plunging into the lake, but the thought that it wouldn't be returned had been a contributor to her decision. Except now the Mockingjay was standing here looking at her with a mix of confusion, affection, and lust while admitting she felt something. The girl Johanna was never supposed to be able to have was standing in front of her saying things that refused that assumption, except she wasn't as confident as she was before, and was more of a mess than she had ever been. She was in no shape to start a relationship with someone who had only ever been straight, had started out hating her, and who was as broken as she was. Her mind refused to process. Her legs buckled. Katniss yelped as she was pulled forward by Johanna's sudden descent and ended up falling into her, their bodies colliding and faces bumping as gravity and momentum smacked their lips awkwardly together. "Crap! Are you okay? Did I hurt you? Why did you fall? Do you need to sit down? Eat? Sleep? How can I help? Talk to me! Johanna! What happened?" She couldn't stop running her hands over the body under her, checking for injury and (as a strict second thought) enjoying the feel of it. But Johanna wasn't responding, just sitting there gaping at her, and her touch became more urgent until she was almost shaking her. Johanna's brain had latched onto a single moment of the fall as she stuttered out, "Did you just – did you just kiss me?" Katniss scrambled backwards until she was off Johanna and sitting on her heels in front of her instead. "What! No!" "Really? Cause I'm pretty sure your mouth touched mine. Not well though." "That was not a kiss that was a bump okay. I may not be a bold as you but I do know how to kiss. Look" And just to prove a point she leaned forward, attaching her lips to Johanna's. Part of her was screaming that she didn't actually have anything to prove and kissing Johanna was inappropriate, but the larger part of her was enjoying the sensation and was determined to stick with it. So she did. Softening the pressure she moved her mouth slowly and leisurely, waiting for Johanna to reciprocate. As soon as she got a response she deepened it, leaning into her and wrapping her arms around her neck, grounding Johanna's body so she could really kiss her. Their lips moved in tandem and as Johanna finally started to pull away Katniss swiped her tongue over the other girl's bottom lip before sitting back again and watching her. "Shit Brainless. Warn a girl next time." "You weren't exactly complaining." "No, my mouth was a little occupied." "Well you can complain now if you want." Johanna shot her a crooked grin. "I'd rather do that again." Katniss smiled back. "Good." She leaned in slowly, Johanna mirroring her movements. Right before their lips made contact she announced "Right after breakfast. Don't want you collapsing again." She laughed as she jumped to her feet and left Johanna groaning on the floor. A/N: I hated the latter half of Mockingjay so I was reluctant to go back through it for accuracy to this story. I caved and did so, but not very thoroughly (just enough to alleviate my guilt) so things may be a little off. Sorry that the time line and POV within this is all over the place, I tried to do scenes more than solid plot. Probably some major issues here, like the complete lack of setting in a lot of them, and the spots where it flowed while writing then not while re-reading, resulting in a lot of choppiness. I did notice that but I've had this story going for about a week and a half and my brain is so sick of seeing it that I cannot pull my shit together enough to fix it. Most of this was written in a haze of combined exhaustion and restlessness cause sleep isn't a thing. P.S. Merry Christmas to those who celebrate it – I envy the hell out of you to those who don't.