with her gravelly voice full of sex, gyrating herself into my hand as I ran my honey coated fingers over her ass and down over her folds. "I'll take that as a challenge, Mrs. Mellark." I said as I sank down on my knees, finally burying my face where I wanted to since I started this party. She gripped the sides of the counter, literally grunting as I first sucked the honey from her cheeks then spread them before letting my tongue plunge in that one place I had never been before. "Oh, my god, you did not just stick your tongue there !" she screamed, gripping the table until her knuckles were white, pushing back against my face. "Peeta fucking Mellark! Oh my god!" she howled as she slammed the table with her fist. I couldn't help but laugh at her. I was scoring big time if I made her forget herself enough to scream out loud – she always tried to stay in control of herself even when we had sex. I just kept doing what I was doing, the honey thick on my tongue together with the flavor of her juices as I slid my tongue down over her folds and back up again. She was panting now, rocking her hips forward and back into me. Taking two fingers, I pushed them inside of her while I continued my assault on my newly discovered territory. Her legs began to tremble and I took pity on her. I would not be able to hold out much longer anyway. Plunging in and out of her with my fingers, I reached around and began to rub her swollen clit, pressing it with that rhythm I knew would undo her. She began to climb, throwing her head back and pushing against me, bringing one hand up to rub the morass of creams and sticky juices that clung to her breast, squeezing herself, something she knew made me so crazy, I could forget my own name . Both of my hands were occupied so I could only watched greedily as she ran her hands over her own breasts, teasing the nipples herself, moaning and making half-syllable noises as she began to mount her peak. "Neh...Peet…please…ah…finish!" She begged. That's what I'd been waiting for. I moved with determination, fingers swirling over her delicious mound until I could feel her contractions around them. She wailed out her orgasm, slumping down as her entire body was seized with tremors. I pulled my fingers out and pushed her over the table, plunging deeply inside of her in one thrust, grunting her name as I pulled out almost completely and slammed into her again. I grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled, making her yelp, then hiss my name angrily, which caused fireworks to go off in my head. We were an unholy mess of sticky cream, food coloring, chocolate and syrup. The front of my thighs stuck to the back of hers as our bodies collided together, the slight suctioning sound escaping into the air every time I pulled back to ram her again. I held her hips in my hands and used them to pull her back onto me. I didn't recognize myself in my lust for her. I loved Katniss, loved her in a way that made me ashamed of myself sometimes and I was proud to be her husband, to be able to care for her but right now I just wanted to own her. I lowered my lips to her ear, my hand making its way to her clit, rubbing her as I whispered "I fantasize about fucking you like this. All the time. On the counter. Against the refrigerator. In the shed. On the floor. There is no place I don't want to take you." With each admission, I drove deeper into her, leaving her with only the power to whimper. "I can't get enough of you. You make me desperate to be inside of you." I hissed. She opened her mouth in a soundless wail as her contractions exploded around me again. I couldn't hold on anymore and came hard, an animal-like moan escaping my lips as I emptied myself inside of her. A few more thrusts and we both sunk down onto the floor, muscles trembling, bodies sticky from our exertions. I pulled her slick, syrup coated body against me, cradling her on my lap as I tried to stroke her but my hand kept getting stuck on her. I chuckled at this while Katniss just moaned in satisfaction. I kept expecting her to purr as she put her lips up to my neck and kissed me, snuggling into my honeyed shoulder. "You're a pig." She said quietly. "You didn't look very put out." I retorted gently. "No, I suppose not. But we made quite a mess…" she giggled into my shoulder. "It'll get cleaned." We sat for another little bit, a heaviness like molasses settling into my limbs. "I feel the same way about you too." Katniss whispered into my ear, nipping the soft skin with her teeth. "Feel what?" I was losing my concentration as she nibbled on my earlobe. "I can't get enough of you either. I want you everywhere, all the time." She reached down to wrap her small hand around me, stroking me gently. "It embarrasses me sometimes, how much I want you. I could have you over and over and it would never be enough." I was slowly hardening under her attentions. "You can have as much as you can take, Katniss. Whatever you need." I said, a feeling stronger than desire lying beneath my words. I would never just want Katniss. "You too, Peeta. Whatever I have is yours." She whispered. Leaning against the counters, I turned her until she was facing me, her legs straddling me. "Then let's start now." I pulled her to me to kiss her, with a hunger for her that I knew would never be satisfied.