and plunged between my lips. It was my name on his lips that sent me to my feet, his shaft throbbing between us. We kissed as he led me, not to the beach, but to the muddy bank, untouched by the machines that had erected the house that brought him to me. Mud that had always been since before Grandfather Emmett and his wood and cool mud cradled my back as he laid me down, his tongue swirling a path down my torso. My heart raced as I watched his damp head between my thighs, his tongue doing things that hadn't been done to me in what seemed like a hundred years. When he slipped his fingers inside of me, I took leave of my body and mind. It built rapidly, this thing I'd bottled up for him since we met and it spiraled and carried me away, heart racing to bursting while I coiled and came around his fingers and tongue. He disappeared, which provoked a panic in me, but returned, his cock sheathed in the sheer material of a condom, and knelt over me, watching me come back to my senses, a smile that was something smug, something awestruck. He dug his hand into the mud and dripped it over my chest. With those enormous hands that I was convinced could do nearly anything, he spread the sludge and earth over my breasts, my shoulders, the flat of my stomach. The smell of fertile earth wafted up and I never imagined that it could be so erotic. But the feel of the gritty earth on my skin made me wet and desperate. "I didn't think you were into sculpting," I gasped as he spread the earth over my legs. His expression of concentration melted away. "I've always wanted to mark you in this way." "Mark me?" I said, suppressing a moan as he smeared my hips. "Yes. Mark you. As mine." He leaned back on his haunches, studying his work. "Who else would do this to you?" I sat up, gathering a fistful of the wet earth. "Nobody." I smeared his broad chest and shoulders, marking him also. It was strange and wild and by the time I was done, I couldn't breathe. I tugged at his lips, biting his earlobe before pulling him down over me. He took himself in hand, entering me in one, smooth motion, earth and skin sliding over each other. We became a part of the landscape, the fragrant earth, the clouds and the vegetation. As he stretched me, rocking into me, he called my name, gripping me with fingers mottled by mud and paint. When he stroked my face, I felt the dirt in my hair and cheeks and I reveled in the decadent sensation. My body sped behind his, climbing with his rhythm. He pushed back my hair to kiss my neck. I watched clouds march over his shoulder, and with his breath in my ear, came apart around him, in so many dissolutions of skin against skin. "I want to watch you come…over and over…It doesn't…end…here." He became frantic, hips snapping as he ground me down into the earth and he came, with a shout, then a long release that ended with a shudder and his collapse. He lay over me, pressing me down into the mud bank. He ran his hands over my cheek, my neck, smearing the drying mud. But I was happy and it didn't matter. After a time, lifted himself and got shakily to his feet, pulling me up. I looked and him, then down at myself, both of us laughing at the mess of our bodies. "Let's get you cleaned up," Peeta said, leading me back to the water. With gentle hands, he washed the grime off of my body and I did the same to him. I wondered if his words were just a consequence of a fleeting emotion and became frightened that maybe he would change his mind. I was shy as we drenched ourselves in the water, working the mud from our hair, after which he kissed me again. "I thought you'd left," I said finally. "I did. I was so pissed off because you didn't even let me explain myself. You ignored my calls and messages. That was really bone-headed of you." Though his words were harsh, his tone was gentle. "But when I calmed down, I thought about it and realized how I sounded when we last spoke. That was not the message I was trying to convey when I showed you the painting." I absorbed his words. "The reminder that you were leaving didn't sit well with me." "I noticed,' he chuckled. "What I meant was that even though I came for the lake, the peace and serenity, you are the best part of this experience. I don't want that to end. If I leave, it's only to go back to work, to my gallery and my commitments. I don't want to leave you." "I guess I overreacted," I said sheepishly. "No, you didn't. I was careless with my words and I'm sorry." He slipped deeper into the water, pulling me in with him. He waded in chest-deep, and lifted me so my legs wound easily around his hips. He kissed my neck, my shoulders, my cheeks – wherever his lips could find purchase. "I want more of this. I want to spend more time with you. I want to give this a try. If you'll allow it." I leaned back so that my head dipped into the water, catching a glimpse of the sky, and then straightening to capture the same azure colors in his eyes. It was entirely possible that this could work and that vague happiness that stalked me when we were still so uncertain became something more radiant than the sun. There wasn't a doubt in my mind. I tightened my arms around his shoulder and leaned my forehead against his. "Okay, I'll allow it."