the onslaught, he stood his ground as it tested him, pierced him, battered him with ice and snow and branches and even stones that the wind picked up from the ground and launched towards him. It was torture - long and cruel, filled with the fury of a jealous forest that would not give up its gifts without exacting blood. But Peeta did not crawl away. He hunkered down and, when enduring was not enough, he wailed and fought and screamed, like a wild beast, for his grief had made him savage. He cried out to the elements, " Give her back to me!" After many hours, in which Peeta was so chilled, his fair skin was nearly blue, when he had been cut open, bruised and beaten by the angry wind, all fell suddenly silent, as if the storm had never been. He had until now been cut, scraped, burned, stabbed and punched, but in the blink of an eye, he was as whole as newly fallen snow. There was no sign of his battles except for the tiny cut that had precipitated the storm. And in the thicket before him was not a doe but a girl, a girl he knew so well. She was barefoot, still in her shift, now less luminescent and instead simply see-through. She shivered - she had never in all her time with him shown sensitivity to the cold. Katniss tried to smile but in her shift, the cold made speech unbearable and he realized in that moment that she had changed. Her new state exposed her to a danger she was not prepared for. He removed his coat and, without a word, wrapped her tightly in it. He scooped her up into her arms, swallowing his happiness, and ran as quickly as the snow and her weight allowed, back to his village. She whimpered, her words swallowed in the deadly cold that threatened to overwhelm her. He burst into his home and set her down before the hearth. His hands shook and his heart stammered from fear, disbelief, and beneath it all, a joy so great, he could shout out loud because of it. He wrapped her in a wool coverlet over his coat and set water to boil for tea. But still, she trembled violently. He took her bare feet and hands and rubbed the warmth into them until, when her shivering had subsided, she flung her arms about his neck and clung to him. "Katniss, Katniss," he cooed, smoothing down her snow-dampened hair. "Where did you go? I thought I had lost you." She buried her nose in his neck, inhaling deeply before answering, "You broke the magic. I had no choice but to return to my people." He pulled back to stare at her small, oval face, with the slightly slanted, almond-shaped gray eyes that he'd missed so much. "I didn't! It was an accident. I would never…" "I know. But the rules…" She leaned back and stared at him with naked hunger. "I missed you." "And I you," he said before crushing her lips with his, kissing her with mindless abandon. He had spent a year missing her, longing for nothing else but her. The force of his mourning became condensed in the power of that one, singular kiss and they continued until both became breathless with it. She pulled away first, gasping for air. "I wanted to come back. But the door was closed and no matter what I did, it would not reopen. I beseeched our magic makers, our elders, who could not help me, until I finally visited the Snow Queen. She gave me only one path -" "You are human?" Peeta said in astonishment. Katniss nodded. "But you had to be worthy, for the metamorphosis requires no small magic. So the Snow Queen tested you. One year and one day-" "I grieved you every moment," Peeta said, his voice thick with pain. She ran her fingers through his beard, the shaggy length of his unkempt hair. "She had to know if your devotion was true. She made me wait and then the storm-" "It nearly destroyed me," he said, without bitterness. "But you endured." "And I would stand a thousand more just like it, to have you with me," he said this, unable to ignore the inestimable nature of the sacrifice she'd made for him. He knelt before her and took her hand. "Marry me, Katniss. I have no magic to offer and very little in the way of position or wealth. But I lay my life at your feet, as your servant, to do with as you wish. As long as I am with you, I have need of nothing else." Katniss's eyes grew wide, before softening, "We are already bound together. But yes, I will marry you, in the way of men." Peeta kissed her, this time more gently, after which he gave in to that joy and carried her upstairs, to his mad room covered in the likeness of her, and made her his for all time. XXXXX That year, they entered the woods together to collect the holly that would adorn the home they shared with each other and Peeta's father. And like that fateful year before, they came upon a thicket of white holly, though here was no doe. They chose together the most magnificent bough, twined its sturdy branches in ivy and hung it over the bed they now shared as husband and wife. On the eve of the Winter Solstice, when the time came to cast the branches into the hearth, they created their own secret ritual, wrapping the precious symbol of their union in a cloth and sealing it inside Peeta's oak chest, where they both kept all that was dear to them. Each year, on the eve of the first snowfall, they appended it to the wall above their bed. And miraculously, it remained without wilt or decay for all the days of their lives.