And send it out tonight So we can start again She stared at him for a long time before placing her hands on his chest. The thing that she had sensed in him, the spreading pitch of emptiness, had completely engulfed him and she was at the edge of darkness, ready to fall into it with him. Strangely, the onrush of grief was not sudden. She thought back to another time when she had also touched him and felt his still heart. In the arena, when Peeta hit the force field, Finnick Odair, their son's namesake, had saved him that time and gotten his heart to beat again. Remembering the joy of his revival brought on the tidal wave and Katniss began to cry. She cried for Peeta's goodness and loyalty. She cried for his torture and pain. She cried for the children and grandchildren who would think of his kindness and generosity, the patient way he had with them and miss him. But mostly, she cried for herself, for the sudden void of time that opened up before her. She searched the air for something to hold onto until she found herself on her knees besides him and, bringing her head down to his, murmured quietly in his ear. She remained in this attitude for what seemed like eternity. It didn't matter to her. Time had ceased to matter to her. A slight crackling of frost outside the window caught her attention, drawing her to the frame as she leaned her throbbing head against it. In a pool of soft moonlight, under the bow of a giant evergreen tree, stood the white stag she had seen earlier that day. He was as tall as a man, full of the pride of a creature that had seen life rise and fall for countless eons, watched fear like a tsunami drown mere mortals only to buoy them up into eternity. Katniss did not know all of this. She only knew that she would not have to dig very deeply into her heart to find her greatest desire. The terror and sadness that had plagued her during these last months dissipated like heavy iron shackles that had suddenly fallen away. "Thank you." She whispered, with an irrational sense of peace. The stag made a motion with his heavily antlered head, as if to nod in approval before leaping into the darkness and disappearing into the night. She reclined next to the still body of her husband and thought of all the things he represented to her – her dandelion in spring, the warm loaf of burnt bread in the rain, unconditional love - and breathed him in one more time, smelling paint and cinnamon and comfort. As if a spell had been cast on her, she felt herself sink into the deepest, most peaceful sleep of her life, her breathing slowing inexorably against Peeta's shoulder. The first thing she felt when she came out of her slumber was his strong warm arm around her. Lifting her head from his shoulder, she was somewhat confused to find the room illuminated with sunlight, the warm breeze of spring whispering against the gauzy curtain of the open window. Winter was just a memory as she sat completely up. She was not wearing her heavy flannel gown but a thin gossamer shift that looked like it had been spun from individual threads of trembling sunlight. Her exposed arms were not the wrinkled, scarred arms she had grown accustomed to but the smooth olive skin of her youth. She looked over at Peeta to see him staring at her with those eyes that she had never in her mortal life ever seen on anyone else. It thrilled her to watch his features soften and change, so filled out and young, young like when he mounted the stage during the first Reaping. Her eyes ran down the length of his torso to his legs, the signs of his torture and the shadows of flames from that long ago day eradicated from his body. He was clad in the same textured light and nothing was missing. He was whole and perfect and complete. This state of affairs did not shock her as it should. It was as it should have been, so incredibly right that she was instead filled with gratitude and joy. The anxiety and fear that always lived in her heart seemed to have been scooped out and cast away and she felt a sense of complete well-being that she had only ever felt when she was very young and her father was still alive. There were others here, she heard their gentle voices calling to her. She longed to see the host of people who had populated her heart all these long years – her father, Prim, her mother, Gale, Haymitch, Effie, Johanna , Rue, Finnick - but here was the one for whom she had always longed, in the perfection of his youth, the way he should have been before the evil of their mortal world had taken it from him. "Hi." she said, drinking in the solid virility of his appearance, as she had done so many times in their lives together. "Hi." He smiled. "I didn't think I'd see you again so soon." He ran his hands over her smooth cheek and laced his fingers in her thick, ebony hair before pulling her down to kiss him, a kiss that called to mind those endless kisses when they were young and learning to love. Losing herself in him, she responded, her grey eyes lighting up like a beacon, "Well, I didn't ask for unlimited chocolate, you know." A special thanks to SolasVioletta for working so hard on editing this story even though she was swamped in this period. She also recommended this lovely song. You are so very dear to me. To Marquise des Anges who is a far better beta than she gives herself credit for. Your suggestions and support were invaluable!