about the concert and how very much she needed to go. "I'll die, I'll just die, especially if Cassidy gets to go and I can't!" Prim practically wailed. Katniss nodded distractedly, her grey eyes darted to where Peeta was forced to sit across from her, deepening her sense of annoyance. "But if you chaperoned us, I bet Mom would let me go," Prim continued, her blond hair bobbing with her excitement. "They sound like a bunch of dying pigs," groused Rye, who sat next to Prim, triggering an argument that Katniss only half-paid attention to as she felt the gentle press of Peeta's foot against her leg. Suppressing a smirk, she set her foot on his chair and wriggled her toes into his crotch, prompting him to sputter and blush from the unexpected assault as the dishes made their way around the table. "Stop it!" Peeta hissed as he tried to serve himself. "Stop what?" asked Prim, which only made Katniss chuckle with mirth, especially as Peeta's face became a brighter pink than before. Between the various tortures, dishes, and banter, Mr. Mellark cleared his throat and called for everyone's attention. "Well, you know, it's been a long time since I've asked Santa for a Christmas gift," he said in a strong voice that wasn't loud but carried over across the table. Katniss wasn't sure why, but she felt a premonition in the way he stood, almost too formally given the occasion. "But I did this year and I got my wish. Before we tell anyone else, though…" he reached down and took her mother's hand, a gesture that made Katniss' eyes go wide with shock, "I asked Elise to marry me and she's said yes." "What?" interjected Katniss, scrambling to understand what she was hearing. "Have you guys been dating?" "Where have you been?" drawled Bannock as he ripped a piece of turkey meat and popped it into his mouth. "I've been here! Don't tell me you knew they were dating, and you're all the way at Panem University and I'm right here and no one said anything to me?" she spat in disbelief. "Katniss…" pleaded Mrs. Everdeen, trying to pacify her daughter. "It's okay, Elise," interjected Mr. Mellark before turning to Katniss. "I understand that you might be shocked. We didn't want to be disrespectful and carry on in front of you." Katniss sat in stunned silence as everyone looked at each other in various stages of confusion, except for Bannock, who clearly knew everything about everything and was too smart to be shocked. Surprisingly, it was Prim who was the first to rise from her seat and give Mr. Mellark and her mother a hug of congratulations, prompting the boys to follow suit. Peeta watched Katniss' scowl, trying to catch her eye as he offered his father his good wishes. But she continued to stare petulantly down at the table with her arms crossed. Without warning, she tossed her napkin onto the table and got up, bypassing the happy couple as she walked to the corridor. "Katniss, wait!" exclaimed Mrs. Everdeen. "It's okay. I got this," Peeta said as he followed her into the corridor where she was already putting on her coat and boots. "Where are you going?" he said, as she furiously dressed herself. "I'm getting out of here," she mumbled, tying up the laces of her heavy boots. "Katniss, it's below zero outside. Let's just go upstairs so we can talk, okay?" Peeta pleaded but she ignored him as she finished tying the other boot and made her way to the door. "Stop it, will you?" Peeta said in exasperation as Katniss turned towards him. "What are you so upset about? Dad's divorced, your mom has been alone for six years. It's not like they don't have a right to go on with their lives, if that's what they want." "But…it's…they should have at least told me they were, I don't know, dating …" Katniss said in exasperation. "Why is it that everyone knows about them except for me?" "Because..." he said as he removed her scarf and hat. "You don't pay attention." Katniss continued to stare dourly at him, though her face softened a little, a change that was not lost on him. He slowly unzipped her jacket as he spoke. "What are you protesting, anyway? My dad's not such a bad catch, you know. He can cook, he does the laundry, and he owns his own business…" Peeta said playfully as he hung Katniss' coat back on the hook. "But that would make you…my step-brother!" Katniss said, wrinkling her nose. "It also means we would be living in the same house," Peeta suggested wickedly. Resting his hands on her jean-clad hips, he brought his lips down to her ear. "Think about it…" Katniss's eyes narrowed before they widened, her face brightening with understanding. "Oh...Oh!" She gave him a bright smile before flinging her arms around his neck. "You're absolutely right!" Turning towards the dining room, Katniss strode with positive glee, her demeanor in complete contrast to earlier and awarded both her mother and Mr. Mellark an uncharacteristically warm hug. "Congratulations, you two silly kids!" she laughed almost maniacally. Mrs. Everdeen was so taken aback, she gave Peeta a questioning look over Katniss' shoulder, to which he responded with an exaggerated shrug of innocence. As Katniss carried on about when and where the wedding would take place, Rye grimaced at Prim, who muttered in wonder to herself at Katniss' rare display of euphoria, "What's that all about?" "She's like the Grinch who stole Christmas," whispered Rye. "Maybe she's going to carve us all up and eat us and then store the leftover bodies in the basement," he said almost gleefully. Prim turned her head towards him with a look of perfect disgust. Meanwhile, Bannock looked from Katniss to Peeta, sniggering knowingly to himself as he snuck a bite of Prim's sweet potato casserole from her plate and wished everyone a Merry Christmas. fin