her, insanely and completely and if that was what she was offering, even if it killed me, I was not going to deny her or myself. I didn't answer but instead brought her hand up to my lips and gave her a long, lingering kiss. Her gasp - of pleasure, or emotion - sent a tremor up her arm to the very spot where my lips pressed against her soft palm. I put her hand against my cheek and closed my eyes, savoring the feeling of her fingers against my skin, the perfume she'd dabbed on her pulse point filling my nostrils. I felt her shift and soon her lips were on mine - so warm and inviting that I didn't try to stem the tears that mingled with our kiss. When I pulled back, I saw her mascara sliding down her cheeks and knew that she, too had been crying. I used my thumb to wipe away a smudge near the edge of her eyes but she held my hand to her face. I couldn't help but ask, "Is this even real?" She nodded, apparently reveling in the feel of me also. "It's real." She kissed me, this time lightly on my lips. "I know you want me, too." She kissed me again until I was breathless. "I'm sorry, this isn't slow but now that I have you, I'm not letting you go." I hoisted her over my lap, her arms winding around my neck. "Slow's overrated anyway." I said, cutting off anything more she had to say with my lips. She pressed back into me with brutal force and I swear, I never enjoyed anything like I enjoyed those kisses that day. She whimpered and moaned as it occurred to me she might be as hungry for me as I was for her. When her hands drifted down to the edge of my work shirt, I had no doubts. I let her pull it off of me. She moved her legs to straddle me and the green dress she wore rode up to her hips. My hands remembered her and skimmed the skin of her exposed legs, from the top edge of her black boots to the edge of the thong. I pulled the dress off of her impatiently, leaving her in her bra and underwear. No, there was nothing slow about the way I gripped her hips and ground my erection into her, our mouths wet and sloppy as we did something more than kiss each other. She unbuckled my pants and, while we kissed greedily, managed to get them down past my knees, freeing my erection. It felt more engorged after having not seen the light of day in more than two months. My hands and mouth were everywhere as she fondled my shaft, my balls. "Are you still on birth control?" I asked. "Yes," she said as she ran wet kisses down my neck. "And you haven't…" I asked hesitantly. "No, Peeta, there hasn't been anyone else. There couldn't be anyone else." she said as she moved her thong to the side and sunk down on my erection. I groaned loudly from the sensation of her wet, velvety walls surrounding me. I'd given up on having her and here she was, obliterating me completely. "Is this good?" she asked as she ground down over my cock like a belly dancer. I grabbed her face in both my hands so she wouldn't miss a word. "This is perfect. This is everything that I want out of life. I love you. I've been a pile of shit without you and up until one hour ago, my truth was that I had to figure out a way to live without you. Good comes nowhere near to describing this." She smiled happily and I couldn't resist the urge to pull her to me again and kiss her roughly. Impatient to feel every part of her, I pushed the straps of her bra off her shoulders to free her perfect breasts. Katniss rode me faster and faster as my mouth descended on the hardened nipples. She hissed when I bit down softly on the tender flesh. I could tell from the way she was breathing, the arch of her back and the flush of color to her cheeks that she was close. I slipped my hand between us and rubbed her in that way I knew would make her come apart. I had to suppress a sob of happiness when I saw her body rock through the familiar waves of her orgasm, the taut fluttering of her muscles, her moans of pleasure. When I came, it was more than just a physical release - in her, I'd found my home. These months without her were not just a long paroxysm of agony -they were an exercise in rootlessness that I never wanted to repeat again. She lay spent against my chest, her head buried in my shoulder. Turning her lips to my ear, she whispered, "I'm sorry." I threaded my hands through her hair, straightening the locks that had tangled during our lovemaking. "No more apologies, okay?" She nodded and shivered, the cold of the room finally assaulting us both. "You're cold. Let's go to my room." "No," she said. My stomach twisted in fear. "No?" She wound her arms around my neck and squeezed tightly, almost painfully. "No, Peeta. Take us home." XXXXX I originally planned on using three songs but then realized that in the space of this one-shot, it might be too much. However, section one was inspired by Think Twice by Celine Dion while I had What Hurts The Most by Rascal Flatts in mind for section 2. Then, of course, there is the title song, which comprises the inspiration for the majority of the fic. In the end, the songs have been removed but you may identify some of the influences all the same. Happy early birthday, Tori! This site is a wonderful idea! ct