indicated that it was never going to happen and I got annoyed okay? And twisted a comment that was originally supposed to be lighthearted and let you know that I don't need to raise your kid because I already am because she is so much like you that between you both I'm totally doomed. She might have been made by me but she was shaped by you and when you got home I was gonna rib you about secretly turning her into you so I wouldn't beg you for a mini-Johanna. I don't know why I said it like that. I am raising your kid, I want to raise more of your kids. And I want to do it with you, not trade off between morning and night. I mean sure we spend time together the three of us all the time, but I want to do that during the evening and morning too. And while you don't have to actually start waking up at a reasonable hour and can still have time alone with her I want at least bed time to be all three of us. When I said you were never gonna catch me raising your kid that was a lie because she's almost more you than me right now and I love it. It's wonderful and I want to do it again okay?" Johanna's eyes had fallen closed but she nodded slowly. "Okay. That was still a really shitty thing to say though." Katniss sighed and leaned her forehead against her wife's. "It was. But I think I said it because you reaffirmed that we were gonna keep having separate activities with her everyday and I wanted you to realized that while we spend a lot of time as a family we still have solid blocks of time where it's not all three of us. And I don't know how or why that happened but I don't like it anymore. If we're not careful you really wont catch me raising your kid. Her or any of the others. And I want you too." Johanna's body finally relaxed under her. "Any of the others huh?" "Yup. You're in charge of the next one. That's the real reason I chose you – I needed a partner that could take half the child bearing duties." She laughed as Johanna swatted her shoulder then peeked up at her through the bangs that had fallen into her eyes. "She's like me?" "The amount of sass and attitude I got? Carbon copy." Johanna gasped and reeled backwards, falling onto the bed and looking at Katniss with a (luckily) fake-hurt expression while clutching her chest. "Ouch. You wound me woman." Katniss stuck her tongue out then regarded her wife. "Can I ask you something?" "I'm not ready to have more yet. Ask me again when she's three." "Not that, but good to know. Why'd you take bath time too? She splashes enough to make a shower unneeded and you still. . ." "Aren't fond of water?" Johanna shrugged "It's only bad when I'm alone. I don't think I'll ever be over that. But as you know I'm fine when you're there. I think it was a challenge for myself, and the first time I thought I was going to throw up from nerves. But I didn't want to clean puke off the baby so I held it back, and once the bath actually started I was so busy making sure she wasn't about to slip and drown that I didn't care that I was getting soaked enough that I might as well have been in there with her." Katniss leaned down and kissed her. "I'm proud of you. Now. Want to go prove how fine you are with water when I'm there? I'll even apologize some more." Johanna smirked at her. "Good. I'm still very hurt. At least two orgasms worth" "Only two? Damn." Johanna laughed and stood, lifting Katniss as she did so. "Let's see how much hot water we have." A.N. The goal here was fluff with some underlying conflict that (unbeknownst to them) stemmed from not being perfect parents. That was the whole reason for their freak-outs at each other, neither is totally sure of what they're doing and they're doing it without enough communication. Of course having to explain it means it wasn't written well, but I was in Katniss's head for this one and so Johanna's psyche was left unexplored. One day I will actually get enough sleep to write deep introspective shit and analyze Johanna's character again (the whole reason I started this Hunger Games fanfiction thing) and not have to explain what I was doing in author's notes. Alas that day is not today so I stuck to fluff with inadequately written conflict for this piece. Can you tell I'm not too fond of this one? (Also, the reason I tend to post things without being satisfied is because I know if I wait to go over it the next morning I'll end up sitting on it until I've lost all nerve to post it then y'all will never see it and I will have wasted a bunch of time. Ergo I post and get whiny and annoying in the author's notes). Little fun fact, this was originally supposed to be a drabble for All The Little Things but it grew and I decided to run with it and reveal this story which was in existence as a blank document until now. So tada! This will be updated irregularly and with a lot of gaps, but I do have planned ideas that will hit what I'm interested in. I like the idea of Johanna and Katniss being all old together but holy hell I hate children and naming people. Ergo this will be more about them than the kids, the kids will not have names which I sure will be annoying, and it will be complete after a few chapters . It will not be chronological.