my next movement is an involuntary reaction. I don't think twice when I bring my hand up and forcibly slap him across his stupid, flawless face. I'm actually quite proud of the hard sound that follows through, and he immediately brings his fingers up to graze the reddened area, never once making eye contact with me. "Fuck, that hurt." "Good," I mutter at him angrily. Wide eyes from behind stare at me, and I seriously take a moment to decide whether or not I want to shout some inhumane profanities at him, but I figure he's been insulting enough for the both of us. I choose the latter instead—grasping our drinks from the counter and walking away, still seething. By the time I find Madge, Johanna and Delly again, I've stopped shaking, but I'm still really fucking mad. If they notice it though, they don't say a word. Then again, they're probably used to seeing me pissed off, so nothing has changed. Somehow, that fact is calming. I lean against the wall, watching the three of them mucking about, laughing and dancing freely. They want me to join, but I'm too busy replaying the encounter over and over again in my mind. Did he see me staring? Did I say something that gave me away? Even if I did, he still had no right. He could've treated me with some amount of dignity. "Katniss, are you okay?" Delly asks, leaning herself against the wall next to me. I didn't even see her come over. "Oh yeah, I'm fine," I assure her, though, unconvincingly. She knows just as well as I do that I'm completely flustered. "Did something happen?" She asks. I shake my head, not wanting to talk about it. I know she wants to ask again, but she doesn't; rather, she just pushes herself up and walks back over to Madge, and I keep looking at the clock on my phone, thinking about how this night can't possibly end soon enough. And then I hear Madge and Johanna's voices carrying through the bar, howling as two of the bartenders begin to gain their footing atop of a long table only a few short feet away. The first thing I notice are his eyes, and then the baby oil covering his chest. Of course, I watch, quite mesmerized by the curvature of his back muscles, the caliber of his design. When the music starts, he moves fluidly, hips gyrating, hair sticking to his forehead. And as if he knows he's fulfilling all my fantasies, I watch darkly as the top button of his jeans pop, displaying soft, curly blonde hairs. More howling ensues. "What the actual fuck?" It comes out before I can even stop it. Delly blinks and just starts laughing. "Oh, come on. You know he is like, insanely hot." "Insanely rude is more like it," I correct her. "Still hot, though." "I'm sure his mother is very proud," I joke, but never take my eyes off him. Not once. Otherwise, I'd miss how you can barely make out his pelvic bones as he sways his hips, or the way sweat trickles and settles onto his shoulder blades. The tight pants allow you to see every ridge, every crevice. I let out a shaky breath and my imagination runs wild. "I think she's too busy swatting women off of her front porch to think anything," Delly says with a chuckle. I laugh, but the thought makes me uneasy and my stomach flips. I hate it and I hate him. "She should be swatting him. What an asshole." "Did he say something to you?" She asks curiously. "Don't they all?" I tell her. When the song ends and he jumps down from the table, I feel his gaze upon me just for a moment. My heart thrums loudly against my chest cavity as we lock eyes, and then he becomes a blur in a sea of people. The music stops, someone yells last call, and I watch wistfully as people escape into the night. I check the clock on my phone for the umpteenth time, thinking about how I've been awake for the last eighteen hours; fatigue and hunger are gnawing at me. Delly yawns as well. "Maybe we should go find them..." She nods in agreement. If Madge was drunk at the beginning of the night, I have no idea what she is now. Jo has her hands wrapped tightly around her waist, attempting to keep her standing despite their significant height difference. Her hair is in disarray, shoes completely gone from her feet. What looks to be remnants of a strawberry margarita stain the front of her dress. Well, at least I never planned on wearing those shoes again. "We need to get her home," I state the obvious, and their faces all say the same. After coming to a general consensus that the night is over, it takes all three of us to get Madge into the limo. The minute her back falls against the seat, she's out. Johanna laughs lightly at the sight."Well, looks like she got the night she wanted." "I'd say so." "But she didn't get a lap dance," Delly warns. "Can't we just lie and say she did?" I suggest, mainly for Gale's sake. Well, a little bit for mine, too; I keep having horrible images of some guy in a banana hammock thrusting his bulge in Madge's face, and it makes me throw up in my mouth a little. "Maybe Gale will give her a maintenance man fantasy lap dance." The images move to Gale in nothing but a tool belt, and everything seems wrong in the world. "Can we discuss something else, for the love of God?" I plead in a tired voice. There is nothing more in this world that I want right now than my bed. Johanna perks up. "Speaking of God, let us give thanks. Praise whoever created those jeans. Holy fuck." Definitely. All hail Calvin Klein.