Brutus let out a stream of swear words both modern and ancient. "We like our women with spirit." Katniss heaved in anger and was completely unprepared for Cato's boot as he sent it into her side. She could swear she felt something rupture inside of her and bit her lip until she drew blood to keep from crying out. Cato knelt down, bringing his face directly before hers. "Don't worry, when we are done with you, you'll be squealing like a pig. There is a lot of Nephilim blood on those hands of yours." Katniss recovered from the pain long enough to gather a wad of spit and launch it into Cato's eye. If she was going to die, it was best if they got angry enough to off her quickly. Cato wiped his face and then, with the slick palm, landed a loud slap on Katniss' face, the force strong enough to loosen a molar. Katniss' vision started to swim with the impact and the pain of the blow to her side and she began to truly fear that she would not escape this predicament. She cast a glance over at Gale's unmoving form and she began to hope that he was dead. There was no end to the cruelty these Nephilim could unleash on a Demon Hunter. Her morbid thoughts were interrupted by a cry from Marvel as Katniss lifted her eyes just in time to see him slump to the ground. Before Cato could recover from the shock, a creature at least as large as him picked him up off of the ground and with a roar, launched him over the cliff and into the freezing Hudson River. As if in slow motion, her rescuer turned and Katniss' blurred vision was riveted by the most shocking sight she had ever seen. It was clearly a Nephilim – tall as the tallest among them and broad-shouldered, the fabric of his black t-shirt stretching almost painfully over the muscles of his chest. His blond hair whipped carelessly in the biting wind but it was his eyes that arrested her. They were the bluest eyes she had ever seen – eyes that called to mind the endless blue of a summer day, the deep lapis lazuli of a fine Indian sari. He was something beyond beautiful. He stalked towards her with determination and Katniss forgot to feel fear - despite his attributes, he did not have the edge of menace the other's possessed. She was overcome by his perfection, every cell in her battered body coming to attention despite the pain and her fading consciousness. Brutus released his grip on her so suddenly, she slumped to the ground, her head slamming into the pavement. As the world around her faded to black, all she could make-out was a cry of agony and Brutus' protests against the stranger. "Peeta, what the hell are you doing?" screeched Brutus as the blows resounded through the air, the end of the question soon swallowed by a thick crack followed by a deafening silence that merged with the dark fog that creeped over Katniss, causing her to fade to black with the name of her savior on her lips. XXXXX Glossary of Terms Angels: Original supernatural being who manage the Guardians and obscure affairs in the universe. Associated with goodness and kindness, they guide human beings and are drawn to beauty, kindness and self-abnegation. Example: Thresh, Rue, etc. Blood Demons: Human beings who have opted, through free choice, to give up their souls in exchange for great power. They are rare beings, because few survive the Blood Ritual that rips their souls. They are considered abominations. A powerful warlock is required to perform the magic necessary to make the conversion. Example: Coriolanus Snow, etc. Defiants: Rare creatures who defy their original species in temperament, abilities or alliances. These include Guardians who ally themselves to Demons, Nephilim who become human-like, demon hunters who betray their kind. Example: Peeta, Annie Demon: Original supernatural being of intense evil and cruelty. Come from the ranks of angels who have rebelled against balance and order. Drawn to power, corruption, cruelty and carnal pleasure. Example: Coin, Thread, etc. Demon Hunter: A human given special characteristics which make them superior warriors with extreme longevity, speed and power. Their purpose is to kill demons. We never learn who exactly gives them these powers. Some think it is God. Some think it is just one of those things. Example: Katniss, Gale, Madge, Johanna, Finnick, etc. Guardian: A human infused with a supernatural essence in manner similar to Demon Hunters that gives them special abilities such as superior healing. Designed to comfort, guide and heal but can fight when necessary. Example: Seeder, Prim, Annie. Human beings: Mortal creatures who live oblivious to the existence of supernatural creatures. Possess a conscience and free will to express their preferences for good and evil. Capricious by nature, they nevertheless aspire to goodness and self-actualization. Not everyone is convinced of their innate goodness but Demon Hunters and Guardians are sworn to protect human beings against the creatures of the dark. Example: Madam Trinkett, Master Heavensbee, Octavia, Flavius, Thom, Delly, etc. Nephilim: Half demon/ half human male being usually the result of a male angel or demon mating with a human female. While often believed to be evil by nature, historically, they were considered demi-gods. Example: Peeta, Marvel, Cato, Brutus, Greek heroes of the Trojan War, etc. Nephilin: Half demon/half human female being usually the result of a male angel or demon mating with a human female. While often believed to be evil by nature, historically, they were considered demi-gods Example: Clove, Glimmer, Nymphs etc. Warlocks and Witches: Human beings who have developed the gift of practicing magic and manipulating the energies in the universe. All humans possess these abilities but they have been lost in the modern world with rare exceptions. They can perform rites such as Blood Rituals and cures for curses. Example: Cinna, Madam Trinkett, Master Heavensbee