trapped. She'll never have a full life." Peeta could think of nothing to say to this. It was the way things were in their land. Caste was destiny and they were all trapped. There was no real freedom except the one he felt at that moment, sitting on that rocky outcropping, the whisper of winds and breezes ruffling through his hair, birds and insects calling at their backs. "I'd be an artist, a painter maybe, if I weren't here," whispered Peeta. Katniss tilted her head to look at him and gave him a small smile, her eyes full of compassion. Without thinking, Peeta reached out his fingers to brush Katniss', in solidarity and comfort. He was surprised when she quickly captured his hand and threaded her fingers through his. She turned her face to observe the emerald-green foliage of the late spring forest as he stared at her profile, wondering how he had lived without this kind of beauty for so long. They sat in this way for a long while, taking in the peace of the forest that knew no boundaries or social class before returning quietly back to the fence. "I'll be back here tomorrow," said Katniss in parting before running off towards her section of the Seam. Peeta simply stood, watching her receding figure with perhaps the happiest smile he'd ever worn in his life. XXXXX They met as often as they could at the edge of the fence. Sometimes it was difficult, because of the bakery or Katniss' mother and sister. They sometimes needed help with patients, as they were the only healers that other very poor Untouchables and Laborers could afford. The town physician, Dr. Abernathy, was too far out of their reach. Katniss and Peeta devised a system to alert each other if they were free to meet that day - Katniss wore a green sprig of white fir or some other evergreen on her lapel when she came to the back of the bakery and Peeta sported the orange ribbon tied like a bow over the strap of his apron. His brothers made fun of his decoration but he simply explained that it was for good luck, which only brought on more teasing. One day at the lake, Katniss took Peeta by the hand and showed him her secret place "My father used to bring me here when we came to fish," she explained as they walked directly into a tangle of brush. Peeta wondered what could be hiding in that thick bramble of thorns and vines but Katniss knew her way. After walking for a few hundred feet, they came upon an old, somewhat decrepit one-room cabin, buried in a copse of dense trees. Inside was a small hearth filled with dried leaves and other detritus. The table and bench had been built directly into the wall. On the far side of the room was an elevated frame to place a mat or a bed. "I haven't been here in a while, ever since Gale started working in the mines," said Katniss quietly. Though Gale was technically of the same caste as Katniss, he was young and strong so he had found a place working in the mines. There was always room for more able-bodied men and it was one of the very few professions an Untouchable could work. Peeta stood in the middle of that humble building, taking in the small windows, the dusty spiderwebs, and the musky smell of earth while an unfamiliar feeling crept over him. He suddenly felt awkward and vaguely miserable. "Are you and Gale...you know…a couple?" Katniss' eyes went wide. "No! He's like a brother to me. I don't have those feelings for him." "Oh, okay, I was just curious. I don't want to get a beating or anything," he trailed off, feeling like an idiot. Katniss said nothing, but her eyes, already dark from the dim light, became almost black with an intensity that filled Peeta with a strange expectation. "I wouldn't let anyone beat you," she said quietly. She stepped towards him, wrapped her arms around his waist, and melted into him. She trembled slightly, the reverberation of her body spreading like ripples from a pebble cast across a lake. Peeta did not waste any time responding in kind, pulling her slender body against his. When she leaned back slightly to look up at him, he saw her undisguised need, her open vulnerability before him. He brought his lips down to kiss her, a lingering pressure against the soft skin that felt like he was sinking into a cloud. When he pulled back, he studied her face for a reaction. She stared back unabashedly, in a way she never did when they spoke, her mouth falling slightly open. When Peeta kissed her again, he tasted all the things he had associated with her - spring and beauty and the forest and freedom - and memorized the flavors until he was drunk with her. The passion between them built as their kiss deepened. They explored each other in awe of the newness of being so close. After they broke apart breathlessly, they twined their hands together as they explored the cabin. Katniss refused to let Peeta's hand go even while they walked back to the opening of the fence, releasing it only when they were forced to go their separate ways. What had once signified the boundary between the civilized and the savage now became the portal to their own little freedom, where only the ageless forest bore witness to a crime as splendid and perfect as the woods that protected it. XXXXX This was specifically written for madamemarquise. Thank you for being such a wonderful friend! A million thanks to bubblegum1425 and peetabreadgirl for their support and hard work as betas. I have to give a shoutout to nightlockinthecave who created the most amazing banner for this work. Keep an eye out for part 2, to be released on Day 7, Black and White.