4 to come and tend to me in the Capitol, I secretly appreciated having someone make decisions and take care of things for a change. Just after midnight, I was pouring myself the hot cocoa and setting the dishes on the table when a familiar shuffle at the front door arrested my movements. Wiping my hands on my apron, I made my way to the entryway in time to hear a loud rapping at the door - a rhythmic combination of short taps and pauses that only one person had ever used. It was enough to make me dizzy from a sudden longing. I pulled the door open with enough force to send the handle into the drywall, if I had allowed it to get away from me. "Hello," he said. I was unable to muster enough wherewithal to do more than step aside and let Peeta in, as if he were coming home from a business trip. As if the moment did not merit so much more. "You came back," I gasped, wondering why I wasn't howling from the clear evidence of my loss of sanity. He simply stared at me with those unforgettable blue eyes that seemed to bore right through me and see to the other end of time. "Katniss?" came Prim's voice from the guest bedroom. For a moment, I didn't know where to look or what to do. I broke off my shocked gaze to glance down the hallway where a tiny, seashell night light was used to illuminate the darkness because I hated the darkness most of all. When I looked back the spot where Peeta stood, he was no longer there. I took a shaky breath, barely able to stanch the flow of tears as I hurried down the corridor to assure my sister that I was okay, even if I was a million miles from anyplace that was even remotely close to okay. XXXXX The next time he appeared, he didn't knock. I lay curled on the sofa, listening to one of his favorite songs by The Civil Wars. That haunting melody must have been a beacon because soon, he was toeing his boots off, sliding them over to the bench as was his habit, long before everything had happened and my world had veered into an abyss of solitude. His hair was windswept, his cheeks ruddy and pink. He looked like he'd gotten some sun, which gave me pause. Where the fuck were dead people supposed to get sun? I sat up, unable to move any further, sure that I had gone slap crazy and I'd have to check myself into Capitol General in the morning. "How long have I been gone?" he asked. I tried to talk but the only thing that came out was a squeak so I cleared my throat and tried again. "Three years, four months, twelve days, give or take a few. Sometimes I mix the days up." He nodded, his face so welcome and warm, I wanted to sink into the unthinkable and float like a buoy out to the endless sea. But it wasn't possible. None of this was possible and I knew it. And yet… He wandered about the living room, touching things here and there. He was not a ghost. The bronze statue of the Eiffel Tower that we'd brought back from our summer European vacation was now off by several inches where'd he set it down after examining it. I wanted to launch myself at him, to ask him if he was really my Peeta or just a figment of my broken mind. I took in his virility instead, his health and steadfastness. The ache I'd been carrying over my heart like bad plaster covering a deep crack became brittle and threatened to crumble, releasing all my animal grief. I panted, trying to keep the cracks from opening and spreading further. He took the seat next to me, turning his attention towards me. "I guess the best place to start is to tell you how I died." I nodded, not trusting myself to speech. I could smell him - the aroma of the man I knew as Peeta, a whiff of aftershave and the very faintest smell of sweat, not at all unpleasant. Is this what my mind had chosen to conjure up? "That morning, you were sleeping so well," he said. "I didn't want to wake you up so I thought I'd go out for an early morning swim." "What happened?" I croaked out. "Rip tide. I got over-confident and went beyond the rocks," he said, shaking his head as if he were describing running over someone's foot with a supermarket wagon and not the manner of his exit from the world. "They never...they never found…" I tried but I couldn't say it. "Find my body? No, I've been digested a thousand times over. My bones have been picked clean." I didn't like the image he put in my head, didn't want to imagine Peeta being gnawed at by crabs and other sea creatures. "Why wait three years?" Peeta looked at me with those bottomless blue eyes, a look I hadn't seen in years, and my heart took a dive into the deep end of insanity. I had begun to forget what that smile was like, the effect if could have. Photos were a poor substitute. "I had to travel to get to you. It's not as easy as the movies make it out to be." I couldn't stand it anymore. If I was crazy, I figured, why fight it? Why fight this, of all the things in the world to overcome?" "How do I make you stay?" I whispered. He smiled, and what remained of the ligaments holding me together melted into insubstantiality. I leaned forward and he quickly took my hand, steadying me. "You have to simply want it, more than anything else in the world." I knew that would be the easy part. Part 2 coming soon.