come here and check this out!" said Emma "What is it?" asked Peeta as he made his way towards Emma "I think I found the book," said Emma "You found it! This is the book!" exclaimed Peeta "The ingredients are very hard to get," said Emma "Does it say where we can get it?" asked Peeta "It says find all ingredients the secret chamber of district 1," said Emma "Where is it?" asks Peeta "I don't know," said Emma "Let's rest for the night and think about it tomorrow" said Peeta "Sure," said Emma "What do you want after we finish this mission?" asked Peeta "All I want is freedom. Where I can go home and free my family from the castle" said Emma "I promise I will give you freedom and pay all your debts" said Peeta "Thank you" said Emma So they rest for the night. There was only one more day left. In that day they would have to find all ingredients and make the potion. Then they would have to feed the potion to Tom Beeves servants against him. Then Peeta had to go home (if he made it in time) and pretend nothing had happened. Morning came. Peeta and Emma both changed into a clean pair of clothe. Peeta set fire to the house and burned it, to revenge from Tom. "I think the secret chamber must be somewhere near the castle so Tom can keep an eye on it," said Peeta "OK. I agree with that. Let's go there," said Emma But before they got there the guards found them and chased them. The guards got Emma but they seemed to ignore Peeta "Peeta!" screamed Emma Peeta turned around and saw Emma was held down by several guards. Emma was struggling. He knew that the guards would get him if he went there. But he had no choice, so he went back up. The guards tied them up and put them on a carriage and brought them into the castle "Lord Tom, I bring good news" said the guard, while bowing to him "Say then, what is the news" said Tom "We have successfully captured the servant girl and the boy" said the guard "Where are they?" asked Tom "They are back in the cell milord" said the guard "Bring them up to see me" said tom "Very well milord" said the guard before once bowing again and leavin. Meanwhile, in the cells, Emma and Peeta were tied and their bodies were hung up against the wall, "I should have known this was a stupid idea" said Peeta " It isn't a stupid idea. You tried your best and that is what counts" said Emma "Now I am going to get us both killed" said Peeta Just then a guard came down and told them that the king wanted to see them. So Peeta and Emma were brought. "Do you realize that it is too late too do what you wanted to do? Soon all people will have the sting and I will rule Panem" said Tom The guards brought them back to the castle. "I know how to get rid of the rope but not the lock" said Peeta "Get rid of the lock first" said Emma Peeta got rid of his rope. " your hairpin" said Peeta Peeta had gotten the lock open and soon they were both free. Luckily Emma still had the key when they ran away and the both escaped into the garden. The two people got to the garden of the castle. "Wait this tree seems odd. I think the secret entrance is here" said Emma "There is a lock here. I think we have to insert the right number to open it" said Peeta "I hear footsteps coming. We better hide and fast" said Emma "I think I know what the password is. You go hide" said Peeta "You sure?" said Emma "Sure" said Peeta While Emma went to hide, Peeta inserted some numbers. The numbers were 111985 the same numbers Katniss had described on the needle. The door opened and Peeta walked inside. The ingredients were all inside the secret chamber allright. Peeta quickly grabbed the ingredients and made the potion. The potion smelled really bad. Peeta found some grapes and added it to the. Fortunately, it smelled better. Peeta quickly went back into the garden opening. He found Emma waiting at the door. "I've got the potion" said Peeta "Good" said Emma "Can you go put one drop of potion into each cup of tea?" asked Peeta "Yes, and by the way while you were gone I spied on them. Katniss is with them," said Emma "How com Katniss is with them?" asked Peeta "I don't know," said Emma Emma went to put the potion in the tea. She was amazing. Peeta saw her climg the window into the kitchen. And when no one was there she sneaked in and put the potion in it. Then she sneaked out again. Now all they had to do was wait. When all the servants and Tom were eating during the feast, they all drank the tea. Suddenly they all woke up from the sting. Tom was so angry. He found Peeta and Emma and chased them out of the castle. But he was not done. He threw his knife straight at Peeta but Emma Pushed him away and the knife flew straight in her back and she crumpled to the floor. Just then Tom crumpled to the floor too. There was an arrow stuck in her back. Standing behind him was Katniss. "Emma, Emma!" cried Peeta "Will you help me take care of my family as my last wish?" asked Emma "I will" said Peeta But it was no use, Emma was gone. Suddenly everyone came outside. What happened? They all asked. Peeta answered them one by one. Finally a lot of carriages came and brought them home. "I love you" said Peeta "Me too" said Katniss