said. "It's not your fault," she said taking one and picking it apart as she ate. It warmed her up from the inside out. "It's not yours either," Peeta said. "But it is," she said. She took another swig from the bottle. Peeta didn't stop her. He only watched sadly. She set the bottle down and threw herself at Peeta, holding him so tightly, terrified to let go. He held her as she cried, keeping her balanced as sobs rocked her body. He carried her up the stairs and set her down in her bed. It was hers and it always would be. Peeta wasn't going to let her stay anywhere else. He tried to pry her off of him, but it proved impossible so he laid next her and let her cry it out. Eventually her sobs turned to soft cries then to hiccups and then she fell asleep. When he woke up the next morning Paxton wasn't beside him. He got up and started searching around the house for her. He found her parked in the bathroom. She was leaning against the tub. She heard him and barely cracked her eyes open. She felt the bile rise in her throat and launched herself at the toilet. For a second she reminded Peeta of Haymitch. "Don't compare me to him," she said. "Do you-" "I can't read minds," she answered before he got the question out. She rinsed her mouth out with white liquor, because it got rid of the disgusting puke taste with no problem. She spit it out into the tub. She picked herself up. She wobbled for a moment, but was fine after that. She ran a hand through her hair. "I need my hair pin." "I'm sure you can use a pencil ro something until-" "No, it's not just a hair pin." "Then what is it?" "It's a weapon. Good when concealed, not so much when the person after you knows about it. It's a barb, covered in venom." "What kind of venom?" Peeta's words were sharp and angry. "Whatever I can get my hands on." "What kind?" "Right now, before I lost it tracker jacker." She broke. "I needed it! Do you know what I did? How my mom and were better off than other families despite the fact she couldn't work in the mines and my dad is dead?" "You sold white-" "DO NOT LIE TO ME! Tell me what you heard. Tell me what they said." "They said…" he trailed off not wanting to believe it. "THEY CALLED ME A WHORE THEY SAID I WAS A SLUT WHO FUCKED MEN FOR MONEY!" She took a deep breath and, when she spoke again, it was calmer. "It's true. I am a whore. I sold- no I was sold to anyone with enough money for a few hours. If they didn't pay, if they got a little too rough or demanding, I was supposed to stab them. Stab them, rob them and leave. My mom gave me orders and I followed them." A few tears spilled over. "When Capitol bombed the district, Gale saved me, but not my mother. I wasn't sad. No, when she died I was relieved. I wasn't gonna have to be somebody's sex toy again. They're still out there though. They're still coming after me. Being used, that's one thing, but being forced that's entirely different. I feel pathetic, and to be honest if I had my hair pin, I would probably have shoved it through my neck." Her eyes flashed with something Peeta couldn't imagine ever seeing from the girl. "Don't. Don't talk like that. Don't think like that. You can't. People-" "People will what? Miss me? Maybe they'll miss me, but it won't be for long. They'll forget about me. The only people, who will remember me, are the people who love me." "Ex-" "Nobody loves me," she said, "and I don't have my hair pin and I highly doubt you'll let me near anything I can hurt myself with, so you don't have much to worry about." "I do," Peeta said. "Why? For-" "Not that, although I do have a lot to worry about. You said no one loves you. I do." The words on her tongue disappeared. "I never loved Katniss. She never loved me. You, you're different. I love you Paxton." "You're just saying-" Peeta closed the little distance between them and kissed her. He put everything into that he had failed to convey with words. When they parted, she slumped into his arms. "To be honest I've kind of loved you for a while. You've never treated me as a whore. You cared." He kissed her forehead. "White liquor the ultimate moth wash." "HAYMITCH!" an infuriated Paxton screamed. "What?" the drunk asked. "What the hell did you do to my kids?!" "I didn't do anything!" Pax picked up her two children and carried them to where Haymitch was sitting on his porch. She set them down in front of them. "They're okay," he said. "THEY'RE FUCKING BLUE!" she screeched. "You're swearing in front of them," he challenged. "BLUE!" "They must've gotten into that stuff Effie sent me.: "You were supposed to be watching them. All I wanted to do was go make a quick stop at the bakery." "Dollface you haven't been this wound up since you were pregnant." Realization dawned on his face. He laughed drunkenly. "You're pregnant! You let Bread Boy put his bread stick in your over and now you've got another bun on the way." "Baguette," I corrected. "What are you two talking about?" Peeta asked walking up behind Paxton. "Why are our kids blue?" "Does he know?" Haymitch asked. "Know what?" Paxton let out a sigh and ran a hand through her hair. "Because I let you put your baguette in my oven we've got a bun on the way." "Huh?" "I'm preggers!" Peeta fainted. Haymitch and Paxton just looked at him. "He'll have to rise eventually," she said.