arrow slightly bending it. Nim's not usually the type to get upset with people, no. That's my job. "What are you doing over here you overgrown weasel?" I ask annoyed that he was over on Nim and I's turf. A girl pops up beside him. Little Pansy Parker with her snooty red hair and pointed nose, not so innocent anymore now are we? "Of course. Off my property or I'll mistake you as a deer and shoot you." Jaxon dryly laughs. "You can't shoot anything, miss 'sharp shooter'." Nim points the arrow directly in front of Jaxon's nose who in turn squeaks and moves back a bit. "Who says I can't?" Nim says almost deadly. Jaxon merely chuckles lowly and shoves the tip of the arrow away from his face. "Because my father is more powerful than your mother," He points out and Nim let's out a low grumble of disapproval. "And you," He lowers his gaze on me. "With as powerful as your father and mother are and how skilled your father was with a bow, I thought you'd be more classy and skilled, Miss Hawthorne." Jaxon says in an uptight voice. He grabs ahold of tiny Pansy's hand and leads her back towards the dirt road. "He's got a lot of nerve." Nim says as he stares at the two making their way down the road, Pansy holding practically most of her top in her arms against her chest for warmth. "She's kind of cute. Don't know what she sees in a guy like that." Nim goes back swatting the wheat like he has a sword as a pang of jealousy hits me straight in the chest and could probably be seen on my face. Nim had always been my go to guy and one of my best friends, surly he can't be serious. Someone, as prissy as Jaxon? Well I did fall for Jaxon so maybe it's possible that he's developed feelings for her. I trudge through the end of the wheat field where the woods begin. At first there's no signs of life, she a few birds in the trees but as we venture further into the heart of forest there's life springing from every inch. Green miss coating the trees and sharp jagged rocks, a tiny river running through the middle. That's where the hunting happens. Well at least that's where Nim's hunting happens and my quiet patient waiting skills are displayed. About twenty feet away from the river Nim stops me in my tracks completely and pulls me behind a pine tree. "What?" I whisper angrily towards him. He places his fingers to his lips and points straight ahead of us to a tree. I look closely at it and realize there's a damn possum hanging from one of the branches. I roll my eyes almost as if I'm scoffing at his target. He sees this and shoves the bow at me which sends me staggering off balance. He points to me then to the possum. He wants me to shoot it. "What! No way!" I whisper angrily towards him. He gives me a stern look and then points to me and then back to the possum. I cross my arms and shake my head while shutting my eyes. I open them to see a frustrated almost bored look on Nim's face, he gestures with his eyes over to the possum. I throw my head back in a whining fashion and then trudge my way where I can get a straight shot at him. I go back to grab an arrow from my quiver but none are there. In fact I can't really feel my quiver at all actually. I spin around in a circle trying to find one probably drawing the attention of any predator in the woods as helpless and defenseless. A pair of strong arms stop me and I realize Nim has stopped me from twirling. He reaches to my back and brings an arrow in front of my face. "Shoot." He mouths and steps back a bit. I grumble as I put the arrow in it's correct spot and draw it backwards. Nim holds up a hand as if to stop me and then closes the distance in between us. He pushes down on my elbow, props up my hand that's supporting the bow, and moves my shoulder backwards then stares at my form. Not my hands the most but something with my torso. One arm is folded the other propped up on it so his hand could cover his mouth. "Shoot." He says shrugging his shoulders. I stare at the possum innocently hanging upside down from the tree unsuspecting anything. My hands start trembling and shaking as the pressure sets in. If I shoot this I can take it home as a trophy and maybe Nim will say I'm kind of cute. If not I'll be the laughing stock of my family and I won't get Nim. I notice Nim is closing the distance between us again only this time he gives me a concerned look. He settles my arms back down by my side and takes the bow with the strung arrow in it out of my hands and into his. Without even thinking he draws back and sends the arrow flying, hitting the possum square in the middle of it's back and pinning it to the tree. My shoulders slump a little bit as I watch this happen, then I feel his huge hand on my shoulder. "You'll do better next time." He encourages me with a small smile. I give a half hearted smile back. He turns to look at his prize hanging from the tree and places his hands on his hips. "You skin it and I'll let you tell your dad you shot it again?" He suggests almost with a hint of teasing in his voice as he stuck out his right hand. "Deal." I say as I grip his large hand in confirmation.