When she reached him, she thought he looked a little too rough for wear. Yet it was still endearing. His smile was a balm to her heart. His hands reached out for a small pocket from his coat. It was a small brown envelope. "May I present your Highness with some commemorative photos of your visit?" Katniss took the envelope and opened it, removing one of the photos to slightly see. She saw it was the one of her by the bridge before they went to the cruise. She had to suppress her amusement from the rush of memories. "Thank you. I will cherish this," she said demurely as she turned to the next photographer. And she knew his eyes never left her as she greeted everyone. Not even when she walked back to the front for the photographs. Not even when she was ushered out. Later on, when she asked about Peeta through Lord Heavensbee and learned about the publication where he worked, she also learned that he was the last to leave the ballroom earlier, staring at the empty stage, before he too walked away. His boss bugged him relentlessly for the story. When he didn't turn it in, the taunts began, and he knew he would never be taken seriously again. So he quit, and Peeta returned home and helped out in the family business. He learned a year later that Finnick quit, too, and they stayed in touch, going out for a beer when he was in town. His mother was not pleased that he quit his job in glamorous Milan. She had no more reason to visit Europe, even though she never did while he was there. His brothers married, and he stood by their sides at the altar as best man. He took some business courses to help his dad, even though finance was still a puzzle to him. He did everything he could to forget. It took two years before he could write again. And he realized he didn't want to forget. So he wrote her story. It was cruel to have found the right words now, when he never could while he was with her. He pulled them from a secret place, dark as a cave. He wrote in the early hours of the morning before people woke up. He wrote in the evening long after they had slumbered. Peeta considered sending the story to her. Mad, really. But he guessed that was what sadness did to a person. And then one day in the news, as though fate had intervened, he heard her name again. But there were bigger news that night, so the anchorman did not dwell in it, except that the country of Panem was abolishing its monarchy. No surprise, really, given the depressing state of everyone's economies, of additional taxes, and sinking debts. He wrote even more since that day, revising, writing, editing, writing. He became like a man possessed. Somewhere inside him, he knew he had to give the story to her. When you meet that someone who changes you, they burrow inside you and stay. And he had met her. Three years had passed since their time together when Finnick sent him a curious email. He was dating a new girl right now, and it was serious. And she turned out to be her publicist. So that was why, standing in this empty street lined with buildings covered with vines, he found himself opening a wrought-iron gate that creaked. He brought flowers too. He was dressed quite nicely, but without a tie. Peeta pressed the button for apartment D on the 12th floor. No answer. He pressed again. Still no answer. Perhaps another time, he thought. He was a stupid man for coming here unannounced anyway. Then he heard the purr of a scooter. And the creaking of the wrought-iron gate. Soon he was staring at her. She was in shock, her plump lips hanging open. She carried a small bouquet of flowers and a basket of groceries. They stared at each other for a long time, memorizing what each had lost, each terrified of what the other could do to their hearts. And it was Peeta who spoke first. "I brought you something," he said. She was frozen in her place as he walked to her. She had grown thin. Her hair was in a braid, hung over her left shoulder. But she still had such expressive eyes, and they swept him immediately. He was a goner again. Peeta reached for the thick, bound papers from his bag. It was a manuscript, but he really had no plans of sending them to an agent or a publisher. They were only for her. Katniss took them slowly. The first page was blank. But the next one made her heart leap. It was the first page from their memory book. And the next one the second, too. After the memory book started the words. She read them while her sight got blurry. "This is the story of a girl who wished to be a bird," she laughed, her tears spilling. "She's a girl with too much spirit, like a summer love that could not be contained. Irrepressible. Endearing. Unforgettable." Katniss was crying now. She looked up at Peeta to see him crying too. There was so much to tell him. Peeta pulled her to him, dropping his bag and her groceries, and her flowers, and she was only glad to lean into him again and breathe in the scent that lingered in her dreams. Peeta cradled her face in his hands reverently. "I'm here because I need to know if it was real for you too, all those years ago," he asked. She leaned her forehead against him, kissed him softly, and whispered, "It's still real." Author's Notes: I changed the ending so it would end happily. Thank you so much for reading! I would extremely appreciate it if you could give me your lovely feedback. :D