them. Apart from Cinna, Portia, Effie and Haymitch of course but I think they just don't want Peeta to get hurt. They're attempt at stopping the ruthless killing machine that is Cato fails though and for some unknown reason I find myself rushing to the door. I fling myself on Cato and pull him back shouting at the top of my lungs as I do. "CATO! CATO STOP! I'll hear you out but you have to STOP!" he lets me pull him off Peeta's damaged body after he throws what must be his tenth punch onto him. Peeta leaps forward and punches him back but I quickly shuffle into the middle of them with a hand resting on each of their muscular chests. Even if they are faking their love they wouldn't risk hurting me in front of the cameras. Good. That gives me an advantage. I look from Cato to Peeta with disappointment in my eyes. When I look at Peeta I ask: "Are you ok? Did he hurt you?" "No. I'm fine. But he won't be soon" he jumps over me and tackles Cato. I immediately snap into action. Pulling them apart. I walk Peeta to the sofa and tell the others to keep him there and make sure he's ok then I turn my attention back to Cato who is still kneeling at the floor glaring at Peeta but when our eyes meet they soften and I can't help but wonder if he maybe is telling the truth about his love. I walk over to him and hold out my hand with a warm smile on my face. He takes it eagerly. "Come on, we need to talk somewhere where there really aren't cameras" we manage to make our way through the bubble of people and get to the elevator. Without even asking he presses the button for his floor and the elevator starts to move. When the doors open we are swarmed by flashing lights and people out on a mission to capture our every word. I press the button for the doors to close and find what I'm looking for: the button for the roof. Normally I would just walk up from my floor but seen as it's been taken over by the paparazzi I think this will be a lot better. When we reach the roof we literally have to fight to get some privacy. Cato and I actually make a good team and we manage to take out at least ten of the camera crew without even using weapons before they give up. We block the door just in case. "Look, I'm sorry for causing you all this hassle, I honestly didn't mean to. I just thought you should know how I feel before we went into the arena and I didn't even realize what Peeta had said in his interview until later. I swear I wouldn't have said anything if I knew!" because of the amount of sincerest in his voice I actually find myself believing him and I think that he maybe does love me. He snakes his arm around my waist and pulls me closer to him. Then he kisses me. It's not like the last one which was hard and empty but this one is soft and passionate. I didn't think he'd be like this. I wrap my arms around his neck and deepen the kiss. Then he pulls away. "See you tomorrow Kat" I raise an eyebrow at the sound of the nickname that he's given me but don't say anything as all too fast he's in the elevator and is slowly disappearing from my sight. I stay up on the roof for a while just letting the cool breeze wash over my skin. Then I notice that it's really dark so I make my way downstairs. Luckily the last thing the cameras got was me and Cato kicking their asses. Served them right. I bet that made a very entertaining preview of the games for the capital. Oh bad thought. I shake my head to get rid of it. It doesn't work. I can't sleep because of thoughts of tomorrow. I decide to go up to the roof again and listen to the party that is going on in the streets below. I stop frozen when I see someone has already beaten me here. At first I think it's Cato and for some reason my hearts starts to beat faster then he turns around and I realize that it's Peeta. We talk for a while about what torture awaits us. After a while he goes to bed leaving me to my thoughts. Now I know that I have two boys in love with me: one sweet and selfless who has always looked out for me and one who everyone sees as the bad boy but I know as someone else who has the power to make my knees feel weak. That's when I realize that I have one seriously hard decision on my hands. Cato or Peeta? I can feel that my eyes are getting heavier by the second and I can only just make out someone's figure walking towards me. They tower over me like an adult to a small child but I'm not afraid. They grab my hand to pull me up over their shoulder but they aren't rough and they're obviously not trying to hurt me. They stumble a bit on the way down the stairs and I vaguely wonder why. Then once I'm safely in my bed I hear their voice and for the first time realize who it is. "Goodnight sweetheart" Haymitch. Even before the games he's looking out for me. I feel as if I finally have a father figure in my life again and I whisper "Thank you" before drifting off into a dreamless sleep. Hope you guys like it! Kato are my fave couple so I'd love to hear what you think of this story! Thanks! Bye! :) x