of her tight clasp, and looks in my eye. I couldn't believe my sister had finally made it here; my elation quickly vanishes when I grasp how she got here. She was only fifteen, so driving was out of the picture and I wouldn't be surprised if my mother and father stayed home. "Primrose Everdeen, how did you get here? Why didn't you tell me you were coming?" She looks too innocent to be mad at, and the feeling diminishes. I grab her and embrace her tightly, "I don't even care right now, I can't believe you're here! I've missed you so much!" She wraps her arms around me and laughs quietly. "You'll find out soon enough," She mumbles, and I whip my head away to stare down at her. She isn't much shorter than me, so I guess I couldn't classify it as looking down anymore. "What do you mean?" Before she has a chance to speak, Gale knocks on the door holding a bouquet of flowers and a smug smile plasters his face. He is satisfied that he is right, but I don't dwell on that. I rip myself away from Prim and run into Gale's arms, embracing his sharp cologne. God, have I ever missed him. "So, I guess I was right, eh?" I can feel his smile against my neck, but this just makes me beam. Something I have missed the most, our stubborn arguments over who's right and who's not. It became a thing with us, a thing that I loved more than anything. "You had to ruin the good moment, Gale." I roll my eyes playfully and stand away from him to take a better look at him. He hasn't grown anymore, but he looks more muscular. His dark hair and grey eyes resemble me, so much to the point where people thought we were either related or together. "You did an amazing job out there, Catnip. I am so proud of you and since it's your night I won't gloat… that much." I playfully swat his chest and a hurt expression crosses his features. I look around to find Prim admiring the different costumes and shoes that are hidden behind a closet. I tuck the housecoat around my body tighter as I realize that that's all I'm wearing. Besides my curly mat of hair and my smudged face, Gale doesn't seem to mind much. "How are you?" I ask, dragging Gale to a chair that sits across from the mirror. "Oh, not bad… I have a job now and school is going great!" Not much surprise, he wants to be a lawyer himself. I think he was almost disappointed that I dropped the idea and came to the city instead. But he knew I was happier here, and really I think that's all that mattered to him. "That's great!" I glance over at the ecstatic Prim, her eyes never leaving the closet. "How's my family?" I whisper, almost afraid of what's he is about to say. Even though I already know. My mother has been following my formidable father around like a loss puppy. The complaints, over how the money I spent to come here was a complete waste. How disappointed he was in his oldest daughter. "Their… fine." He smiles lightly, forcing eye contact with me. "Better than before, I think he has finally accepted your dreams…" I trust Gale with my whole heart, but at the moment all I can seem to do is doubt him. My father holds grudges, and there was no way in hell that he could change his mind in a matter of a couple months. "Catnip…" He lifts my chin with his fingers forcing me to look at him. He pulls the bouquet of flowers in front of my face. I guess I never registered that they were for me. I feel overwhelmed at the beautiful familiar flowers. He knows I hate roses, so instead it's an assortment of bright wild flowers arranged almost perfectly. "These are from the meadow. I thought since you haven't been back in a while, maybe you might want a piece of home. Well, you know they won't last forever, but it's something right?" His lips turn up into a half smile and I can't help but smile back. I gladly accept the flowers, sticking my nose into the fresh sweet scent. "Thank you." I say, almost unsure it's audible. He pulls me into a small hug, making sure not to crush the flowers. A loud knock interrupts the comfortable silence, and in strides Johanna. In all her glory, wearing an emotion I don't see often with her. Happiness. "Brainless… I have some wonderful news." She looks between Gale and I, and then to me expectantly. She might be wondering about the close proximity between us. But I shake it off and move away from him, setting the flowers on the vanity. I am going to have to find some water for these if I'm going to want to keep them. "Brainless… why didn't you tell me you had a boyfriend and a hot one at that." I look to Gale, his cheeks a light shade of pink. Johanna seems to be satisfied with the now very uncomfortable silence in the room. "If you ever decide to break up with her, I'm Johanna." She sticks her hand out to him, Gale looking awkward as he finally shakes her hand. "Jo, didn't you have something to tell us?" I ask. She just shrugs and plops herself in the chair beside a very embarrassed looking Gale. "Oh, yeah. Well, it's just your amazing director got you an audition for a famous Broadway musical coming up. No biggie." She looks down to her nails, and analyzes them. "Not to mention, it's in New York." Gale jumps up out of his seat, "What? New York?" She nods, and stands up abruptly. "Pack your bags Brainless, because we are taking a trip to the Big Apple."