friend. And now-" I paused before I finished my sentence. I wanted to tell Caecilius of my brief anger the Capitol for tormenting us with weapons and now expecting us to just kill each other. "And now?" Caecilius' smile was unsettling, almost as if he knew what I wanted to say. "And now I had to kill him," I said. I wanted to negotiate with him, but I realised that couldn't happy. If neither of us fought the Capitol would do something, and it would be severe. Jett seemed to realise that too and he charge towards me. He swung his knife and I jumped back, feeling it nip the wound that Amelie had given me days before. I tried to grab his wrist and intercept his weapon, but he knew that was exactly what any sensible person would have done. Then I headbutted him, trying to keep calm while the Capitol cheered us on like we were gladiators; while he was distracted I rolled, moving from under his legs and knocking him to the floor with a sweeping kick. His knife jumped out of his hand, which was exactly what I wanted. I rushed forward but he grabbed me ankle. The Capitol cheered again when my face slammed into the hard, wooden panelling. I felt his fist repeatedly clobber my back. We were fighting so primally and desperately for one stupid weapon – it felt… surreal." "That's what we wanted," Caecilius grinned. "To see you in your most primal form." I ignored him, continuing. "I ripped the arrow out of my calm, ignoring the pain and kicked Jett back. Before he could even think of attacking I pinned his hand to the floor with the arrow, rushing towards the knife desperately. I felt sick and weak. I just wanted it to be over with. Jett tried to resist. I think, due to my age, he was even slightly stronger than I was. But I forced my knee into his groin. I was the ultimate Victor, he didn't stand a chance," I said emptily. "The knife rammed into his chest and I saw his eyes widen once. Unlike so many others, he didn't even give me an accusing look. He understood why I did what he did because he would've done it too. But I did see that last glimpse of sadness as he faded, his life's end being signalled with a cannon. And that was the end of the Victor Games. The Capitol cheered rabidly as he slumped. I stood up, turning around and looking at their faces, which were so coloured. They were like planets in a galaxy…" Like aliens. "And I was just sitting there, glancing at them, wondering if they were real. Wondering if this was real." "And then?" "… There were your cliché celebrations following," I said vaguely. "But the spectacle was much grander, due to it being the Victor Games. I heard three billion credits were spent on those Games," that would be enough to have fed, housed and provided healthcare for every Panemian citizen for at least a decade. "And that was that…" "So, to end this interview, do you want to tell us any significant changes that happened after the Victor Games? Obviously you were promoted to interviewer to symbolise everything, but anything else?" Reflecting on the story of how I killed Jett, I realised I was sick of death. I was sick of killing people who I cared for in the ever so futile conquest of fame and fortune. I was sick of losing everyone. I was sick of death. "No," I said dismissively, not knowing if I felt numb or indescribably sick. "But we know what happened," Caecilius said, shuffling through his notes. "Though you'd lost your parents, you lost your closest relative, your father's sister…" "Don't talk about that," I froze, my knuckles going white as my fist squeezed around the doorhandle. "… To cancer," Caecilius paused as the tears fell down my cheeks. "Like your father." I knew cancer ran in the family. Maybe Styx would have had it if she survived the Games in my place… maybe she'd be in my shoes. "It would be such a shame if we just ended the interview of the year so abruptly," he told me. "Come on, give the Capitol something interesting. Something they'll just want to know." "Do you want to know everything about me?" I said, my voice shaking. "This is the Capitol! There are no secrets here!" What a lie; the Capitol was the most secretive place in the world. "You're obsessed with every sickening detail, aren't you?" I turned around furiously. "You can't get enough of it. You fetishise it. Well do you want to know something shocking?" I snapped. "A tumour started in my liver, which was funny because I only started drinking in excess after I found out I had cancer. Now it's spreading. Breathing becomes a chore now it's spread to my lungs, and it's getting more and more vicious. I've seen both my parents die of cancer and now because in a twist of genetic fate I'm following in their footsteps." Caecilius didn't even react, though I saw him drop his pen. "Cadence Blackthorne was the ultimate Victor, I wanted to be like him in every way," I said. "Be careful what you wish for, right? Is that enough detail for you? I'm expecting to see it in print within the next few days." I turned around and stormed out of the room before Caecilius could say anything or express any contrived remorse, but not before bidding him a sweet farewell sarcastically: "Bye Caecilius. Enjoy your success while it lasts." Considering I have made like a gazillion references of the 'Victor Games' before, I know Jynx's POV will have a gazillion continuity errors, but this is the best I tried after combing through every single story quickly. Hopefully that was a twist you didn't see coming! Anyway, reviews are much appreciated :)!