help the cup your brother drank from." Peeta felt a dull hurt when his father stopped. The image of the nation changed before his mind and not being included in critical matters angered him and it joined the humiliation he felt over his naivety. The fire in the room was now too hot and the sweat made the clothes on his back stick. His father excused himself to go to bed early, breaking the prolonged silence, but before he retired, he turned to Peeta with eyes bereft of apology yet filled with calm steadiness and said, "You have always been curious, my boy. This is simply to remind you to keep your eyes open." When she got back home after passing by Madge's place to get the gift they were making for Prim's birthday, Aunt Effie was waiting for her in the living room. "I'm home." She called out. "Oh there you are. Gone out with prince charming yet?" Aunt Effie loved to draw out the wicked fun in teasing her. Katniss replied with a stony expression but her aunt was unperturbed. "Hang on, I got something for you dear." Aunt Effie opened the drawer of the table beside the sofa and pulled out a tiny black box. "I found it while I was cleaning." Katniss opened the small velvet box and picked up a golden locket with an ornate bird poised to fly etched in the front. It looked vintage. "It's beautiful, thank you Aunt Effie." "It was your mother's. We bought it in a flea market the summer before she met your father. I thought of giving it to Prim for her birthday but this should be your early graduation present." Katniss looked up and smirked "Won't this jinx my chances?" "Oh not at all, but it might help with young Stanislaus's fortune with you." At the mention of his name, she turned on her heels and went up the stairs as Aunt Effie called out "Your mom said that was her love life's lucky charm!" "Ugh!" she shouted as she entered her room and shut the door to block out her Aunt's laughter. She sat on the bed and opened her locket, the delicate chain slipping between her fingers. She was hoping for a photo of her mother and father but it was hollow save for an inscription. Katniss asked her Aunt Effie about it the next day but she just laughed it off and called the inscription a "funky poem." She opened it again the following night, after helping Prim with her homework, and recited the words in the locket written in a cadence unfamiliar to her. Upon the last syllable, the locket glowed red and burned through her palm. She tried to scream as she smelled her burning flesh but her mouth was petrified and she can only watch as the searing, glowing heat from her hand spread through her arm, then her torso, down her legs, then back up her chest and neck. And just before it engulfed her face, before she passed out from the pain, she was blinded by a burst of white light. Dinner the following night with Aldran and his father was awkward. He presumed Aldran knew of what happened to Matthis already. They were dining beneath the sky again, just like the breakfast they had when they saw the blood comet. After dinner, they said their goodbyes and proceeded to their affairs. Peeta went back to his room to write his thoughts. He sketched a bit of Matthis too, his laughing, murdered brother that he missed terribly. The clock on his study, made by Matthis himself for Peeta's thirteenth birthday, told him it was time to retire for bed. Just as he was about to set down his paper and charcoal, screams erupted from the grounds. Peeta went out the doors to the balcony to see the sky scarlet. Panic made it hard to breathe and think but he recalled the Legend of the Mockingjay more fully. His mind offered no other explanation. There in the night sky, together with the blood moon and the blood comet, all too soon, was the third sign of the legend's prophesy: the bloody aurora was moving in ominous waves across the kingdom. He ran out of his room. His feet knew where to go as he passed by the pillars of the Hall of Reverence and into his family chamber. Running down the cold steps of the Enclave, he dashed to the Mockingjay Tablet. He rubbed his eyes to see if what he was seeing was a trick. Some of the inscriptions of the tablet were illuminated. He moved closer to read them. It was difficult to understand because the language was from a different time and his tongue was not used to its rhythm. Mesmerized, he recited the inscription aloud a second time. Then a blinding white light burst from the tablet and Prince Peeta fell to the ground. Author's Notes: Why hello there! Thank you for reading till the end, I am truly grateful for that. Since this is my first fan fiction, I would appreciate it terribly if you let me know what you think I have already outlined the whole story and have even written the ending (but not all chapters in between yet) so rest assured I will update regularly and finish this. This fic is an AU. Katniss lives in our world and Peeta's in another, wonderful realm of monarchs, legends, and prophecies coming true. My love for history will be evident in the chapters to come. Did you notice the titles of some of the characters? They're not mine. I merely lifted them from history and TV (you can take a guess which one belongs to where). And before I forget, here goes the disclaimer: The Hunger Games characters are not mine. I am only borrowing them for the benefit of my readers and my amusement. The rights belong to Suzanne Collins and her publisher.