wants to say something." "Is he alright?" "I don't know. They don't want me around him. I'm a 'bad influence'." "You're a bad influence on everyone." I laugh and slowly stand up. My head is pounding and the last thing I want right now is to collapse in front of Johanna. Or anyone for that matter. "You okay?" I nod and grab my head, "Just half asleep still." She shrugs and leaves the room, I follow her out. "How long were you watching me?" She shrugs again, same old Johanna. "You know, most people would consider that kind of thing wrong." "I'm not most people." "Oh I know," it's silent for a moment as we walk, "How much did you see and hear?" I ask in a hushed tone. "It doesn't matter. I'm used to people hurting." "You can't tell anyone. They think I'm getting better." She nods and I lag behind her, already tired from walking. "What will do if Peeta doesn't love you anymore?" "He'll come around." "What if he decides he doesn't love you? It could happen you know." "Why don't we leave this for when and if it happens?" "It could still happen . . ." She drifts off and walks into her own room without saying another word. I sigh, pulling my hair back and making a pony with my hands. I let it go and finish walking to Peeta's room, walking in without knocking. Hopefully he doesn't kill me. I find him sitting on his bed, looking at a half finished painting. "Johanna said you wanted to talk to me." My voice isn't as soft as before, he did hurt me after all. Although, I did push him. "I have some questions." "Sure." "You just acted like you were in love with me in the first Hunger Games, real or not real?" "Real, at the time but things are always changing." "Things are always changing, Katniss." "I love you, Peeta." "Don't say that." "Why not?" My voice rises unintentionally. "Prim died, real or not real?" "Real." My voice goes back to weak. "Would that have happened if you hadn't become the mockingjay?" "Probably not . . ." "If it helped you then yes," but then I'm saying I'm glad my sister's dead, "Look, I don't know, alright? Why does it matter?" "Why do you care so much about me? You didn't before." "We've been over this already, Peeta." "How do you expect me to believe you, Katniss?" I sigh and rub my face. "Did you just bring me down here to argue?" "No. I wanted to ask you if you wanted this." He stands up and pulls out a canvas from under the bed. "What's it of?" He pulls off the cover and I see my sister, Prim. It's of the two of us when we were younger. We're holding hands at school and Prim still has a little duck tail sticking out. "I remember this day." I cover my mouth and frantically shake my head. "I don't want it. I can't have it." "Don't you want a memory of your sister?" "Get it away!" I take a step away from the cursed painting, tripping over my own feet and land in a hyperventilating heap. Peeta doesn't move for a second, just taking me in, then puts the painting back under his bed. That's when the tears starts. I'd been trying so hard to send all thoughts of Prim to the back of my mind but all those thoughts are coming back, stronger than ever. I rest my head against the cool cement floor and my body is taken over by spasms. Peeta sits down on his bed, just watching me like I'm some experiment. I don't know how much time passes, ten minutes, twenty, an hour? Peeta must have been slowly working his way towards me because he wraps an arm around me and pulls me onto his lap which surprises me. Just earlier he was literally throwing me out of this room. We haven't had this much physical contact since before the hijacking. Maybe he really is getting better. Or maybe the meds are just helping. "I miss her so much." The words escape my lips before I can stop them. He starts playing with my messy hair, not replying. "I feel like it's my fault." He goes to say something but shuts his mouth before anything audible comes out. "Is it? Am I a monster?" "Things would've been so different if you never tried to defy the Capitol." Suddenly I'm angry at him. Of course things would be different. The Games would still be taking place. Children would still me murdered, others would die from hunger. "Then maybe you should have killed me when I gave you the chance," I say, referring to the end of our first games where I gave him the option. "Maybe I should have." His voice comes out clipped and he pushes me off his lap. "What is wrong with you?!" I snap, it's probably just the tracker jacker venom talking but I can't stop myself. "You drag me out of your room then you comfort me then you want to kill me again!" I sit up so I don't feel as vulnerable. "What's wrong with me? What's wrong with you?!" He stands up and his loose hands turn into fists. "What have I ever done to you?!" I stand up so we're equal. "You lied to me. You made me fall in love with you, just to ruin everything. You're the reason we had a war. You're the reason thousands, if not millions of people re dead. You're the reason Prim's dead. And you're the reason you want to die," Peeta points to the door, "Leave. I won't bother asking you to come back." I fall to my knees and gasp for breath, it feels like there is no air in the entire room. All I can do in reply is frantically shake my head.