He said going back into his room and crawling into bed feeling infinitely more awake than he had when she was there with him. He missed having her reassuring weight on his chest and feeling her warmth. She had appeased his demons and warded them off like a light scaring away the shadows and she was deadly. He pulled the covers up higher laying on his side to try and keep from feeling the loss of her weight as he listened to her hum off key in the shower with a smile on his face. Effie came out of the shower wrapped in one of his extra towels, which he likely didn't know existed because for all the times he had come to the Capitol he still has no clue how to live in it, and looked over at the man. He wasn't asleep, she could see that, but his eyes were stubbornly closed so she bent down and picked up his shirt smelling it. It smelled of alcohol slightly, but there was something else, something she'd only discovered the night before, a scent that was him. She smiled and finished drying her skin and wrapped the towel around her hair, which she preferred to let dry naturally because it made it softer even if she was the only one to ever feel it, and pulled on the shirt walking out of the room to get breakfast and put her clothes in the receptacles. She started to gather food for them when she heard a man's shout and she jumped dropping everything on the counter and running towards his room worried something was happening to him. When she got into the room she saw a very naked Haymitch covered in a pinkish purple soap and looking like a drench lion unhappy at his state. "Effie! Damn it!" He growled at her and her eyes grew confused her brow knitting together. "What does this smell like?" He asked offering her his arm. She walked right past his outstreached arm to his neck and placed her nose in the crook between his shoulder and neck where a mark was standing proudly from when she bit him last night. "Roses, Lilac, lily , vanilla, and watermelon." She listed the scents of the soap she usually used and it dawned on her and she gasped trying not to laugh. "I smell like a fucking field! What happened to putting the setting back to how I had them?" He groused at her trying not to let his anger be assuaged by how adorable she looked at her shock and horror at her realization of how sweet she was when she was confused or the way her nose had felt against his neck. "I'm so sorry! I must have forgotten." She said looking over him. "You're going to get in there this second and fix it!" He demanded pointing to the shower that was still on. "I will not! It's still on! Turn it off and I will." She said standing firm in this and crossing her arms under her bust and standing in a stubborn stance saying she wasn't budging. "Oh yes you will." He said and suddenly the mischievous and cunning look was back in his eyes and he was over to her fast than she had ever seen him move and picked her up bridal style making her squeal. "Haymitch Abernathy you put me down this SECOND!" She demanded kicking her legs her arms going around his shoulders for safety as the soap that was coating his body soaked into the shirt that had smelled so wonderfully of him only seconds ago masking the smell she'd been enjoying with the scent of the floral soap. "Not until you fix it." He said stepping under the spray with her in his arms making her squeal again but she couldn't stop the laugh and could see the smirk tugging at his own lips. "Fine! Now look what you've done! We'll have to go shopping and buy you a new shirt." She chided turning her back with the water soaking into the white shirt that was drowning her moments ago and making it cling to her small form in it as she pressed the buttons to return it to the settings he had had them on. She huffed and stepped out of the way as a blue and green soap squirted from the wall with the sharp, spicy scents that he obviously used. "Much better. You can go now." He said with a self-satisfied smirk making her huff and glare at him. She crossed her arms and the pressed a button on the pad making an orange beef scented soap blast from the wall as she started to run. Just as she took her first steps, a strong, thick arm wrapped around her stomach plating her back firmly in the meat scented ooze and right against his chest. "EW." She squealed laughing as he pulled her close against him. "That's right Trinket revenge is a bitch." He growled into her ear. She gasped at him and chided "Language!" making him laugh in her ear, a deep rumble that made her knees weak. "I seem to remember you saying much worse last night." He teased and planting a kiss to her neck and making her blush. "I don't know what you're talking about." She said trying to sound innocent. He scoffed and rolled his eyes "Sure you don't Sweetheart. Now put it back." "Please." She demanded. She would teach him manners if it killed them. "Fine put it back, please?" He huffed out sounding annoyed. "That's better." She said putting the settings back again and pulling back looking down at the now ruined white shirt with a huff. "Thank you." He said then looked down at the shirt. "Just take it off." He suggested. She looked up surprised to hear it from him. She nodded. "Good idea." She said and moved her hands up to the buttons.