face, and I don't think anyone was as nervous as I was! Caesar Flickerman, the announcer of these sorts of events, announced her score. "Eleven." We all gasped. Eleven? Was I dreaming? Nope, this was real. Katniss got the highest score, and I think maybe my promotion is safe! This is a great day for me! Now the only thing left before the games is the interviews. Caesar Flickerman basically talks with the tributes in front of a live audience. This is the last chance for the tributes to make a lasting impression, and gain more sponsors. Cinna and Portia (Peeta's stylist) will be designing the outfits for my team. Oh, this is exciting! Wait...if Katniss is supposed to be interviewed, I'll need to work on her manners. Manners are very important! Where is Katniss? I am so frustrated right now! I have spent four hours working with Katniss, and she is still awful! I had her wear a full-length gown and heels, and she kept lifting the dress above her ankles. She's never even walked with high-heels before! Katniss kept complaining that the dress was tangling around her shoes. Excuses, excuses, excuses... Then I tried to work on her sitting and posture. Katniss kept ducking her head, and she glared at me the whole time! I tried to get her to smile and say phrases that involved smiling at the beginning and the end. Eventually I snapped. I think I've done the best I can, so I let Katniss go. She lifted her dress above her ankles and stomped off. Guess I should have tried harder, but if she doesn't improve her manners, she's as good as dead! Well, Haymitch gets to work on her for a bit. Good riddance! My team is all in a frenzy right now. The interviews start in a couple of hours! Peeta is wearing a suit with flames on the sleeves. I can already see girls swooning over him! Katniss came out in her dress, and she looks great! It's a beautiful red dress with matching shoes. Her hair is done up in a fancy braided bun. I hate to say it, but she may look as good as me! We brought Katniss and Peeta over to where the interviews were taking place. As usual, my team will be going last. Caesar Flickerman is truly an amazing guy. He is the greatest host the Capitol has ever seen, and he can make the most uncharming people pleasant. He'll have his work cut out with Katniss! Eventually, they call up Katniss. The Capitol has dubbed her "the girl on fire!" People love her, and I honestly couldn't get enough attention myself! I knew I did a good job picking the tributes this year! When Katniss went up, everyone cheered. She slowly walked over to the chair that was meant for her and sat down. Caesar commented that Katniss made quite an entrance at the tribute parade. Everyone clapped and cheered, recalling the amazing spectacle. He then looked at Katniss, expecting a response from her. She shook her head and looked at Caesar. "Sorry what?" she asked. Caesar smiled. "I think someone's nervous." The crowd chuckled while I tried not to panic. Fortunately, Katniss did fine the rest of the interview, and what she did near the end was something special. She stood up, twirled, and continued to twirl as her dress got lit up by fire. My heart stopped! Caesar thanked Katniss for doing that, and asked her some questions about her sister. Katniss commented that she was going to win for her. It was so sweet! And I think I can speak on behalf of the Capitol when I say that I hope she makes it. Then the timer went off. Katniss's time was up. Peeta then went up for his interview. And I have to say, I didn't know Peeta could be so funny! He had the whole crowd in a fit of laughing. When Caesar put the joking aside, he asked Peeta if there was a girl he liked. Peeta shook his head saying no. Caesar didn't believe him, and neither did I! When Caesar inquired further, Peeta admitted that there was one girl, but she never seemed to notice him. *sigh* Unrequited love...how tragic. Caesar told Peeta that he should go and win the Games. Then the girl would have to go out with him. Peeta shook his head saying that winning wouldn't help him, because the girl he liked came with him. The whole crowd gasped in shock, and Katniss (who was right beside me) did too! Poor little girl didn't have the slightest clue. Caesar told him that that's tough luck. Then that horrid timer went off. Peeta's time was up. When he got down the stage, and into the hall, Katniss ran up to him. I was expecting her to say something sweet, but you know what she did? She slammed him into a wall! I really should have tried harder to instill in her some manners. Haymitch broke them up and told Katniss that this would work out better for them. He could advertise them as the star-crossed lovers. So dreamy... Katniss retorted that that wasn't true. "It's a television show!" Haymitch shouted angrily. He appeared to have zero patience for them. He then sent Peeta to the apartment so he could talk with Katniss. Haymitch explained to her, that this would gather more attention, which would attract more sponsors, and in turn would save her life. Katniss scowled the whole time, but she nodded. She then went up to the apartment. After that was all settled, I went to bed. It's the night before the Games, and I want to be up early! I don't want to miss anything. Last year, I was sleeping during one of the big fights, and I had to watch a recording! It will not happen again! *yawn* Sweet dreams, Effie, and may the odds be ever in my favor...