somewhere. "No Princess, it's in the way." He informed with a growl and then kissed down her neck cupping her breast in one of his hands making her sigh in pleasure that turned into a moan. She ground her hips down against him as she scratched at his back to pull him closer and making him moan against her neck. She was sure he would leave a mark and she had nothing around that would be able to properly cover it but at the moment all she really cared about was getting her knickers and his boxers out of the way. She pulled at the elastic waste of his boxers. There would be time for slow and gentle someday, and she would be sure it happened, but for now neither really had the patience for it. They needed each other, they wanted each other and it had to be now. As soon as he felt her pulling at his boxers he flipped them over and shucked the remaining cloth from his body and slowly rolled it down hers. He moved a hand down her and cupped her entrance to test how wet it was. As soon as she felt his hand there, the calloused middle finger sneaking out and entering her just slightly, she moaned loudly. He smirked smugly at the reaction and kissed her lightly until her hand shot out and grabbed his shaft moving over it with a firm grip. "Fucking God Woman!" He cursed and panted his hands clenched. "Well don't teas me then!" She responded shortly. He grumbled down at her. "I'll show you teasing." He growled and a pulled her hand away holding it over her head. "No more touching." He said and kissed her. What?" she chirped indignantly. He smirked and reached down next to the bed pulling up his belt. "Haymitch Abernathy don't you DARE!" She threatened but he just smirked, looping the belt snuggly but comfortably around her wrists to the headboard of the bed. "You kinda deserve this Princess." He said simply. She made an affronted noise but didn't struggle so he took that as consent. She wasn't screaming no just warned him a little. "Now where was I?" He asked looking over her body hungrily. "Oh yes." He said with a smirk and attached his mouth to her right breast his hand going to her entrance. She was even more wet than before and the gasping moan was driving him on. "God yes!" She gasped as his middle finger traced around her entrance and his mouth sucked hard on her nipple. She was liking this, good, that was good. He kind of liked the idea that Effie was secretly really kinky. She was always so uptight he had never assumed she could be wild in bed but suddenly he was curious as to weather or not his rule obsessed Escort wouldn't enjoy some of the dirtier thoughts in his mind. "Why Ms Trinket, are you… kinky?" He teased sounding shocked and loving the way her face went red and she looked to the side. He smirked and moved next to her hear making his voice a deep growl "Now that is hot." He said and his hand still working her entrance felt the effect it had on her. Suddenly she smirked at him and turned her head to look in his eyes with a seductive, naughty look of her own. "You have no idea." She said in a velvety voice that made his cock jump at the sound. Oh she was going to be the death of him. "But there's time for that later. For now, just take me." She asked and he moaned. "Well since you asked so nicely." He said taking his hand from her making her make an upset whimper and licked off the now soaking fingers of his hand before undoing the belt. He took himself in hand and moved forward into her both making their own appreciative noises as he did. Her hips ground on him in a demanding manner and he grunted pulling her legs up to wrap around him making the angle deeper and more intense and started to move. It didn't take long before his hips were pistoning in and out of her and they were both too close. He hit deep inside of her and she was screaming his name as her muscles clenched around him and her nails dug into his bare shoulders trying to get more. He kept moving as he came with her shooting his seed deep inside of her. He managed to fall to the side of her as he flopped down exhausted and spent and panting loudly. She rolled over onto her side, he chest heaving and she kissed his pectoral muscle laying her head there and her hand resting over his heart. "Wow." She said. He started to laugh as his arm came around her shoulder pulling her close and he kissed her head. "Yeah. No kidding. So are you really…?" he asked curiously looking down at her. "Last night I had a dream that you decided to take me on the steps of President Snow's mansion." She informed him honestly. He swallowed in shock and awe then laughed. "How the hell did I manage a girl like you?" he asked more to the universe than her. "Just lucky I guess." She said with a shrug and he nodded kissing her head. "Yeah, I am one lucky dog." He agreed. They lay there silently for a moment, enjoying the peace and each other's touch and both deep in thought. Until she looked up at him. "Hey Haymitch?" She beckoned looking up at him. He looked down at her with raised eyebrows. "Hum?" She smiled and kissed his lips lovingly and slowly. "Merry Christmas." She said with a smile. He laughed down at her and kissed her back rolling onto his back with his arms around her so she was on his chest. "Merry Christmas Princess."