out. I shouldn't really be worried. My name was in there five times. Nixie had a better chance of being chosen, which wasn't any better. I decided I wouldn't be worried as he opened the paper. I was wrong to feel safe. "April Hylet!" Cicero called out. I felt Nixie stiffen beside me and heard my mother squeak out a sob somewhere in the crowd. Shock washed over me and for a moment, I completely forgot that it was even my name. It was like an out of body experience, the poor girl getting called scared stiff. I heard the name called twice more before it finally dawned on me that it was indeed my name. I put on my best face as I gave Nixie's hand a squeeze. I heard her start to speak, knowing she was going to volunteer for me. Whipping around to glare at her, her mouth closed quickly. I wasn't going to let her go to her death for me. She may be mentally strong, but when it came to physicality, I knew she wouldn't last two minutes in training, let alone the arena. "I'll be fine, Nix," I whispered, letting go of her hand I made my way out into the open and the Peacekeepers walked me to the stage. Cicero congratulated me and walked over to the boy's container. As he was digging, I made eye contact with Merrick, who was seated on my right. My brother had to train me knowing I didn't have the highest chance of making it, though I was certain I would at least make top eight. Of course, that would all depend on the crop of tributes for the year. As Cicero walked back to the microphone, I was snapped from my trance and held back tears, needing to be strong for the cameras, thinking this couldn't be a worse day. Life seemed to take my thoughts as a challenge. "Wade Hylet! What a treat!" Cicero announced, his voice sick and twisted with happiness. My mother let out a choked sob from the back of the crowd. Rage and panic rushed through me at the sick turn of events. My older brother would have to train his two younger siblings to fight to the death. I would have to be in the arena with my younger brother. Before his name was called, I had the chance to come out of the arena alive, but with him being in there with me… I made the decision right there that I would die if it meant he could come home. I knew one thing: The Capitol would eat up a brother and sister having to fight each other. That would be too rich to pass up. I couldn't even look over at Wade as he walked slowly up to the stage. He was probably thinking the same thing I was, hoping and praying that it wasn't really happening. My sadness was short lived. Wade was almost to the stage when a boy I knew all too well stepped out in the open. Crest Bane. He was a year older than me. He had brighter than bleach blond hair and a slightly muscular build. His sea green eyes showed a familiar determination that I had always known to be there. He was a good family friend, had been for as long as I could remember. He had never really had a family, said he never knew what happened to his parents, and he worked around my father's shop a lot, helping out in exchange for food. He probably loved my family as much as I did. The crowd around him turned toward him, and he yelled, "I volunteer!" I was in shock. I couldn't bring myself to be upset by his actions. I no longer had to worry about Wade. I was almost sure they wouldn't let Crest volunteer, though, the brother and sister fighting to the death almost too much for them to pass up, but I looked over and Crest was standing on the stage with me. Cicero had us shake hands, and the scene before me quickly changed from outdoors to the inside of the Hall of Justice. I was placed in a room inside the Hall of Justice to await the goodbyes that were coming. I knew Merrick wouldn't show up. I would see him on the train. I wouldn't see everyone else for quite a while, as District Four was one of the first to get reaped. I would possibly never see them again. We still had to travel through districts five through twelve for their Reapings. Other than District Four, I had never seen a live Reaping. I shook my head as I walked over to the window, looking out to watch the crowd moved from the square east toward the train station. My eyes spotted a speck of dirt on the window, and I tried to brush it away, but it refused to move. I focused all of my energy on that tiny piece of dirt, willing to use anything as an excuse to to think about the journey that lay ahead of me. It was too much to even begin to process, and I wanted to stay in my tiny bubble, just me and that dirt, until the last possible second. That bubble was burst as my family came through the door. CATO OC CATO OC CATO OC CATO OC CATO There's chapter one. Right now, I think you guys can get an update sometime every Saturday. If I have to work then it'll be later in the day. I put lots of thought and effort into this story, and I hope you all enjoy it. Let me know what you guys think :) Reviews are definitely appreciated! Don't just tell me I suck, though. Give me pointers and such if I need it! And thank you for even making it this far. If you've read this far, I already love you.