the amount of children in the districts. I shook my head, erasing the thought. I would be fine. Before I even registered it really, we were down in the crowded pens that corresponded to our age and gender. I was once again scared out of my mind, watching the stage with my eyes wide and drying up due to being open too long. I was too scared to blink. I had no idea why the fear suddenly overcame me, but it did. And it didn't show signs of going away any time soon. I tried to focus on something that would make it go away, anything, but my fear racked brain only made it worse by focusing on our representing Capitol worker, Ceres Nui. Her skin was dyed a sickly green colour, and her hair was a deep, dark, unnatural green with purple streaks, twisted into corkscrew curls around her face, framing her thin lips – also purple – and narrow, purple eyes. Her extravagant clothing followed the colour scheme her unnatural skin and hair did, and she was in about… twelve inch high heels. Capitol people confused me to no end, and seeing the ridiculous woman wandering around talking to people as if she weren't about to send two children to their deaths just made this all the worse. It was purely entertainment to those people. Sick entertainment. A shrill voice interrupted my thoughts, as Ceres began her usual talk about the past of Panem and the reason for the games. We had all heard it roughly a million times, so barely anyone really paid attention. It wasn't until I saw her reaching for the bowl of female names that I paid more attention, wondering which of our friends would be picked out this time. To head to their imminent death. We had few victors; the odds were never ever in our favour. So my horror is imaginable when I hear the simple words: "And our female tribute is… Olea Woods!" My heart literally skipped a beat, I'm sure of it. No. No. No no no no no! It can't be me, it can't be! I have to stay here, I have to stay alive, and I have to be there for my little Acca, for my mother and father and friends! I can't die… My name, it's only in there seven times out of thousands… no way… no way… The figures can do nothing to reassure me, my name was drawn… and district 11 is not known for volunteering. With a sharp nudge from a girl beside me, I take a deep breath and whilst trying not to trip over my dress, I walk up to the stage, shakily taking the steps up to Ceres, and flinching visibly as she wraps a cold arm around my shoulders, smiling too cheerily for any sane person to smile at such a thing, and then looking out to the crowd. "Now, time to pick our male!" She let my shoulder go, and I relaxed immediately, her hand digging into the fishbowl of male names, and pulling a slip out. She held it out to read it, and before the words even left her mouth, I was ready to break down in tears, seeing the name, "Salix Wood!" My heart skipped again, before beginning an insanely fast sprint of beats, and I had to do everything humanly possible to stop from hyperventilating, and inevitably crying. I couldn't break down in front of the nation; it wasn't safe to do that. Not when you're soon to be pushed into the games. You needed to be strong in appearance. But as Salix, who after this year would have been free from the games forever, walked up to the stage, tears pricked my eyes and I had to rapidly blink to get rid of them. Salix looked stunned, though I couldn't tell if it was due to my picking or his own, or both. I decided both. It was so rare for siblings to be picked, from what I knew. The odds of it were slim. But looks like the odds were definitely not in our favour today. Not at all. Salix took his place on the other side of Ceres, and tried to peer around her at me, but she seemed to move into the way every time. Then, as if it wasn't obvious by the horrified reactions of only one family in the crowds, or the fact we had the same eyes and last name, the Capitol woman turned and spoke to us in her Capitol accent, saying: "Are you two related?" Salix's usually warm eyes were cold and narrowed as he looked at the woman, and spoke through his teeth, "Yes. She's one of my baby sisters." I wished I could reach to him and grab his hands, they looked dangerously close to fisting and wringing the stupid woman's neck, which I knew would only spell his immediate demise in the arena. The gamemakers wouldn't give him a chance. Instead I settled for giving him a stern look, pleading with him, until I saw his muscles relax. The exchange took mere seconds, but already Ceres – in her usual, annoying, overdramatic manner – held both our arms up in the air, looking out into the audience. "We have our tributes! What an interesting Hunger Games this will be!" End of Chapter 1! I apologise for the random start, it got off topic to begin with, but I was trying to give a feel for our tiny little tribute. Also, I wasn't trying to make another Rue with this character – she has the same tune, occupation, and basic appearance as her because that's just what District 11's people are like, and the tune had to have come from somewhere, why not an old worker and friend of her family? I adored Rue, and I wanted to try using District 11 for my Tribute, something I have yet to see among other OCs.