been wiped from the map and none of us exist anymore. I pull my sleeves over my hands, very much aware I'm under dressed until I feel Haymitch place his jacket over my shoulders. "Wait, no… you need it," I weakly object but he gives me a knowing look so I don't fight with him. We're both quiet for several moments and it feels like we'll never get to his house soon enough when I hear his voice speak to me again. "I know you're suffering too, Katniss. I know you've experienced loss and… loss is loss, no matter how many people you lose." This catches me off guard. I don't know what I had expected him to say but this wasn't it. Suddenly it feels like the air just dropped twenty more degrees but I feel better knowing that he isn't angry at me or I haven't disappointed him. This new feeling worries me but I try to push it back down inside me. We were quiet for awhile longer until we finally entered his just as poor excuse for a house except it felt a lot warmer than my own. Looking around, I noticed a small furnace in the corner and I could smell something amazing on the stove in the kitchen. I never thought of him as someone who actually cooked anything and seeing a pot on the stovetop brought reality to the surface. He was just as human as me. The three of us really were in this whole thing together. "Peeta really should be taking better care of you. You're wasting away on us…" It sounded like something my father would've said to me if he had lived long enough to see me and Peeta together. I sat down at the kitchen table as Haymitch lazily grabbed a bowl and poured some stew in it before placing it in front of me. He sat down next to me but didn't eat, making me unsettled. "Peeta's going through his own problems right now. It's not his responsibility to make sure I eat. I haven't been hungry anyway," I try to reason out with him. I lean back in my chair and rub my eyes tiredly and watch him look at me suspiciously. "You need to eat or the Girl on Fire is going to be ashes soon enough. Now eat," he ordered, getting up and pouring himself a glass of clear alcohol. "Look around you, Haymitch, that's all District 12 is now. Ashes, and we're living in the ashes." He chuckled mockingly and sat down again before he took a long drink, finishing off the glass quickly before he poured himself another. "Well then, we need to rise up from the ashes like a phoenix, don't we, sweetheart?" I let myself smile weakly and forced myself to eat a small spoonful of the stew and felt my body react to the hot liquids, instantly making me feel the urge to eat more. I eat another spoonful and another until I finish the bowl and Haymitch is looking satisfied with himself. My tiredness is beginning to take over again and I stand up, starting towards the door. "Thank you for the stew but… I need to go check on Peeta." I hear a resigned sigh from behind me and a chair pull out. "Yes, you need to check on your psychotic baker lover. Be careful; The Hunger Games may be over but he's still playing, whether he knows it or not." I can tell that for once in his life, he's being serious and genuinely concerned for my safety. A small part of me is appreciative but another part is offended, and this part unfortunately rises to the surface, making me defensive of the boy with the bread. "He can't help the rages… he didn't get hijacked willingly, Haymitch. That's why it's called hijacking. I still… I still love him," I say more weakly than I want to. "I need to watch over him!" I look into Haymitch's eyes and see the smirk that I've grown so much to despise from him. "Need to or want to? They're both totally different things and it's yourself that you need to protect, not him, sweetheart." "He can't help being like this!" Haymitch shakes his head and pours himself another drink before he looks at me exasperatedly. "He can, he just doesn't want to! He knows the exercises to try and keep his feet on the ground, Katniss. He's just ignoring them because he knows he can get sympathy from you!" I somehow manage to bite my tongue this time before I throw his jacket on the floor and storm out of his house, making sure to slam the door in an attempt to aggravate the hangover I know he already has today. As storm back to my house, I internally scold myself for letting him take me back to his house without even knowing what his intentions had been. If I had known he was going to give me warnings about Peeta and taunt him for something he couldn't control, then I never would've gone with him. I don't let myself relax until I'm back at my own cold house and see Peeta still sleeping on the couch. I grab our tea cups from this morning and begin to wash them out in the sink but Haymitch's words still are replaying in my head. Why would Peeta keep trying to kill me if he was faking it? He wouldn't risk my trust and love for him like that. If he really was trying to play on my sympathy and taking me for granted, wouldn't I know it? My thoughts wander off about the possibilities until I feel a sharp pain in my hand and realize that I had washed too hard and broke part of the mug I been washing, causing it to cut my finger. Damn Haymitch for getting in my head and damn myself for letting him.