get back to wrestling. "Don't make me break this up, boys." We all hear Clove say and the two boys jump as far away from each other as possible. Ah Clove. Always knows how to get the room back in order. Cato goes up to Clove and gives her a kiss on the forehead. Thresh goes to Rue and kisses her sweetly on the lips. Those two are so cute together. "Come on guys, let's go get Kat, Jo, Finn, and Marvel." I say and they all nod, our large group of friends making our way out to the pathway that's in front of the cabins. "Who's this?" Gale asks with a flirtatious smile on his lips. "She's got a boyfriend. And her name is Denise. Her and her friends will be attending Panem High for senior year." I tell them and then now for the long part. "Denise this is Peeta, Rory, Gloss, Gale, Thresh and Cato. You'll meet Katniss, Johanna, Finnick, Marvel, Annie, and Ember soon also." I say pointing to everyone and then just telling her who else she'll meet." She nods and smiles. "Hi guys." We all say hi back and continue walking towards Kat's cabin. But they're not in there. No one is. They must be in Finn and Marvel's cabin. So we go there and see several people in there. Four of which I have never met before. "Denise!" The one with blue hair yells. "They've got a rottweiler! And his name is Knick Knack! He looks just like Dangerous!" She yells again. Denise smiles and sees the confused looks on all of our faces. "You two know each other?" I hear Thresh's deep voice ask. "Yeah, since seventh grade. Guy's this is Tori, Gabby, Chris, and my Royce." She says first pointing at the one with blue hair then to the other unknown people in the room. "Guys this is Prim, Rue, Clove, Gloss, Gale, Thresh, Cato, Rory, and Peeta." She points to each of us in turn. "Denise, this is Finnick, Marvel, Katniss, and Jo." Gabby tells Denise. Denise says hi to Kat, Finn, Jo and Marvel. Gloss goes over to Jo and kisses her putting her in his lap. They get on the top bunk with Marvel. Kat's in Finn's lap. They sit on what I think is Finn's bed. Tori is on the top bunk of the left side of the room, Chris and Gabby are on the bottom bunk, and Royce is on the floor next to the bunk bed. "Hey I think we have to go to the mess hall soon. What to start making our way there?" Rue asks everyone. We all nod and everyone make their way into the living room. Marvel's P.O.V. (I'm on a roll with the new P.O.V.s Short but still, I've never done this one before.) I like Tori, Gabby, Chris, and Royce. They seem really cool. I've always loved making new friends. Friends that I don't love romantically. Friends that aren't dating the love of my life. Friends that haven't broken my heart. Oh god! Why did I let her go? But she's happy. Happier than I could ever make her. I know I have to move on, but I don't know how. I hope I learn how to deal with it and move on soon because this broken heart of mine can't take it anymore. Jo's P.O.V. (Not sure if I'll ever be able to get more P.O.V.s into one chapter again.) When we get to the mess hall we see Effie in her six inch heels, Purple wig, and cake face. I wonder what planet Effie is from? We all go and sit down at one of the five tables in the room. They're pretty big. They hold twenty people at each table. That's a lot of people in camp. That's about ninety something people in camp. That's also a lot of screaming kids. Wonderful. Why am I here again? Oh yeah, I didn't want to be alone for summer. "Now! Calm down!" After all the chatter dies she begins. "These are the rules for both Campers and Counselors. Camper's curfew is Nine o` clock sharp, unless told otherwise. Counselor's curfew is ten thirty, unless told otherwise. You and your cabin mates will be getting a schedule first thing tomorrow morning. Until our little campers get here we will all be fixing this place up! Won't that be fun?" "So much fun." I hear Tori mutter. I snicker loudly and Effie hears calling my name and 'the girl next to me'. "What's so funny?" Effie asks us. "I mean I know I hate cleaning my room, but cleaning a camp? Oh this going to be so much fun!" Tori tells Effie sarcastically with a 'serious' and straight face. Wow she's got a good poker face .(Got it from my mom.) "Yeah Effie! This huge camp is going to a blast to clean!" I 'agree' with Tori. All while our friends try not to laugh. "Oh I know Darlings! But please keep it down." Effie tells us. I guess she never learned what sarcasm was. Tori and I nod and silently laugh to ourselves with our friends. I like Tori. She's funny. This is going to be fun summer. Even if there will be about fifty screaming kids running around all summer. HEY GUYS! I posted the link to my tattoo on my profile, so you can see it, just imagine the purple in the photo blue. While on my profile please VOTE ON MY POLL! CAMP CAPITOL IS FINALLY HERE! For those of you who got confused with the cabin arrangements here you go: There are 10 Cabins in total 1. Finnick Christopher Royce Marvel 2. Katniss Victoria Gabrielle Johanna 3. Cato Thresh Gale Gloss 4. Clove Rue Prim Denise 5. EXTRAS 6. Enobria 7. EXTRAS 8. EXTRAS 9. Peeta Rory Brutus Extra 10. Glimmer Cashmere Annie Ember PLEASE REVIEW! I LOVE YOU GUYS! toritwilight504 AKA VicTORI a :)