noise like a buzzer, lowering her thumb to hover just above the remote. "Wrong. You have two options. It's your decision. That's a choice. Now choose." "I—" " Choose , my dear president. That's the burden of the freedom you fought so hard to win." They did fight. So hard. Countless men and women lost. Food stolen from honest citizens to feed troops. Starvation. Riots. Threats, and fights, and death, death, death . Why should they have to suffer through more? It was only then that Ray realised he wasn't holding his breath. Neither was Alara, or Boron, or any of the technicians. And when he felt the drops on his shoulder, he looked up to find Iona not in the middle of the ugly sobbing of a doomed woman, but with a single tear tracing its way down her glistening cheek. They all knew what would happen. They all knew, and accepted it. "One year," Scaler whispered. "One year to build our bunkers." Drusilla nodded. "Without a word of it to the rest of the districts. I'd make some threatening 'or else' statement, but to be honest, I think you'd be fearing them more than us if they caught wind of what you were doing." "You're a monster." "I'm a woman trying to avoid another nuclear catastrophe. You'll recall, it was your ancestors who launched the first one, and mine who had to come over here and clean up your mess." Scaler gave no response to that. "One year," Drusilla repeated. "I'll send you the full agreement to sign shortly. Pleasure doing business with you, President Scaler." She nodded once, and the screen turned black. They all blinked. Stared at each other, dazed. As though they were collectively waking from a dream, emerging into a reality they didn't quite understand. One at a time, though, they got there. Scaler was the first. She never turned to face them, but they all saw her lean over her podium, drawing one shuddering, shaking gasp. Then she was gone, striding out of the room before any of them could so much as open their mouths. Alara swore suddenly, loudly. She too bolted up from her chair and ran from the control room as if pursued by some great beast. Boron staggered away like a drunk, mouth flapping open and closed but making no sound. One technician screamed; another punched the wall. Iona leaned down, whispered some excuse in Ray's ear, and hurried away as fast as her heels would allow. Ray sat for a long moment while the control room dissolved into chaos around him. He was very focused on his hand, slowly prying his vise-like grip off of the key still stuck in its hole. A thumb, then three fingers, then his pinky. There. That wasn't so hard. The relief was finally washing over him. The realisation that he wouldn't be turning the key. That the world would not be ending today. He'd thought his departure from the lake would be the last time he ever saw it again, but now he'd have whole days to enjoy it. Whole months. He laid his hands flat against the desk, palms down, watching them shake from giddy anticipation. Little black shapes danced over his wrinkled skin like wayward boats caught in stormy waters. The ants. Drusilla's presence had been so mesmerising, he'd forgotten them entirely. He watched them for a moment, blissful. And then, inside his mind, the ball dropped. You can tell Panem is in the future because they have Skype with no lag. Ahem. Hey. Hi. Sup. This here's a SYOT, or at least, an approximation of one. I've taken up a recent interest in dystopias (thanks Black Mirror and Westworld) and in how real world situations might at least semi-realistically form into dystopias (thanks present-day America)(kidding)(sorry present-day America), so here's an attempt at the 1st Hunger Games, such as they might have been. You may be asking yourselves, where's the form. Funny story. See, I'm not entirely sure what to ask you for on the form, because, I've got to be honest with you, these 24 guys are not going to be getting equal screentime. Sorry. But I think you'll also be tearing your hair out if you've got to read through 24 near-identical reapings (and I'll be tearing my hair out WRITING 24 near-identical reapings), so I'm going with the method of "who's got the most interesting point of view at this time in the story" (translation: I have no idea what I'm doing, but I'm trying to figure it out). Anyways, what this boils down to is that I don't want to force everyone to fill out a four page form if I'm not gonna be able to cover everyone's backstory, or mention every single one of their friends back home. Nothing would suck more than you spending hours on writing up info I might just decide "nah, no time to mention that". So I'm leaving it up to you. Submit your character with your favourite version of a SYOT form. You know your characters best - you know what info is required to paint a picture of your character. If you've got the time and want to write eight pages, go for it. If you literally just send me the sentence "A tribute who was a soldier in 6", you know what, that's cool too. I'll fill in the blanks, or I'll work with you to fill 'em in. (please do title your submissions with something along the lines of "SYOT - D12 Male" or whatever though so I can try and pretend I'm organised). So, yeah. That's it. I'm out. If you decide to submit a tribute, awesome. If you just read this and decided to stay far away because I sound like I've got no idea what I'm doing, that's totally fair. Thanks for stopping by, guys. (also if you've got SYOT recommendations, please send them my way so I can learn from the best)