flowers on them in the small living room, and the curtains even matched the couch. She didn't dwell on the look much further, instead making a beeline for the kitchen. She was wrong about him having been up here, apparently, because there was bread on the counter and it wasn't molded at all. Maybe a little stale, but otherwise it was fine. She raided the fridge and cabinets, not finding any very interesting food, but at least there was something actually in said fridge and cabinets. Much of her anger was put on hold as she opened a can of soup and emptied it in a dubiously clean bowl. While it was heating in the microwave, she ate slices of bread straight from the bag and watched the time count down. She was usually so focused on keeping Prim fed - and well fed, well enough not to be distracted in school - that she tended to go without, herself. What she could buy with the money scraped up from odd jobs around the neighborhood, and what puny little fish she could catch in the stream in the park near their house was usually enough to feed one person, and that person was Prim. Her mother got food stamps, but the food they got with it at the beginning of the month was usually gone fairly quickly, so the time in between firsts and the end of the food, Katniss tended to get most of her eating done at school lunch. Sometimes she would steal food from the diner she worked at, now that she'd been working there about a month. She barely made a dollar an hour in wages and it was all gone in taxes before she got her check, so her tips were about all she ever got, but they tended to be a bit light considering she wasn't the most personable waitress. Having food so readily available in the evening was, frankly, like heaven. Even if it was simple and somewhat tasteless. She'd slurped down the soup, ate three slices of bread spread thickly with butter, and was halfway through a tin of corn by the time the door opened and Mr. Abernathy stepped into the living room, directly across from the kitchen. Haymitch hadn't actually spent that long talking to Cardew, only finding out that she had no idea how long Katniss would need to stay there. He to wrote down the address of Katniss' school and heard a little about how she'd gotten in trouble with the police, before the woman left him with her number and walked right out the door. Haymitch got the idea her evening had been quite interrupted by her pesky job, the one where she was supposed to care for the most vulnerable part of the population, and he found himself greatly annoyed with her. His own evening wasn't really going as planned, but he was at least trying to take the time to do things right. By the time he walked into his apartment, he had the beginnings of a headache and a crick in his neck from where he'd been slumped over on his desk downstairs, dead asleep when they'd come knocking. He eyed Katniss' strange little feast, but didn't comment, instead pulling the bag of bread from the counter to eat a slice, himself. "Why do you have geese downstairs?" Katniss asked with her mouth full. "They make pretty good friends. Not nosy," Haymitch said, and Katniss shrugged. Haymitch found himself feeling quite awkward. He was not nearly drunk enough for this. The last time there'd been a foster kid in this apartment, Ford had been President and Keith Moon was still alive. Among other people. Haymitch's girl would have known exactly what to say to this kid, would have known what to do to make her feel better. He was just hoping she didn't start crying or something. Then, he'd be really out of his depth. For now, though, she seemed fine. And intent on eating everything in his cupboards. He could tell he was probably going to have to make a grocery trip sooner rather than later. He was a little fuzzy on the last time he'd eaten actual solid food, so he helped her eat whatever she'd got bored with, until she'd had her fill. It took longer than he would have expected. "You sure can pack it away, for a scrawny kid," he snorted when she finally leaned back against the counter, seeming sated. He was surprised to see her look guilty. "I shouldn't have," she started, picking up her bag. "No. You eat whatever the hell you want. That's what it's there for, to get eaten," Haymitch insisted. Before she could start to argue, he turned and headed for the hallway. "Come on. Your room's this way." She followed him into a room that, if possible, was more dusty with disuse than the entire rest of the house. She wrinkled her nose at the stale smell, set her bag on the end of the bed, and looked anywhere but at him. "It's not much, but… Well. We tried to keep it real simple looking. For the kids to do up themselves," he explained. He walked over to the window and used his forearm to rub the dust away, dirtying his already questionable sleeve with a smear of gray. The view wasn't much. "Anyway. I'll get you up for school in the morning." He walked to the door, a seemingly abrupt exit, and left without another word. "Well, goodnight to you too," Katniss muttered under her breath. She sat on the pale blue bedspread and pulled her bag onto her lap to tear it open just up under the knot in the plastic. She decided even as she pulled her pajamas out, that she wouldn't be unpacking anything inside it. After all, she wasn't expecting to be here too long. She'd get out of Mr. Abernathy's hair quickly one way or another.