to last 4 more years, just a brutal 5 year showcase to beat the Districts back into order and submission. But everyone else, all my advisers, even the Vice President, want them to last indefinitely." "And, if I may ask, are my 'responsibilities'?" I couldn't even keep my anger in check. "You will have to go on the Victory Tour. You will make public appearances annually, at the least, outside of the Games. You will Mentor tributes every Hunger Games until you have produced two Victors, and then they will take over the process. The two newest Victors always take over the Mentoring process, that's how we have it planned. Anyway, you'll also be encouraged to pick up a pastime and make regular appearances in the Capitol." "What if I just want to return to my father and his fishing boat?" "No one told you?" "What?" "I'm sorry, Kelan, but your father's gone. His ship crashed out at sea because he didn't have enough crew just five days ago." And, with that, I know Narciso Sombray is the person I hate the most in the entire world. "Kelan?" Tania's voice echoes from the house. Almost a year since I entered that goddamn arena. My Victory Tour was hapless but supposedly satisfying enough for the Capitol. I've resided quietly in the Victor's Village of District 4, partaking in my chosen "hobby", fishing. Currently, I've casting out into the ocean, and I'm ankle deep in the soothing tepid water, my toes buried in the damp sand underwater. I turn, setting down my pole, to see my high school sweetheart and wife of 4 months gliding over the sand to my side. "Yeah, babe?" I ask. I'm topless, only in my blue swimming trunks. I pull on a ratty old teal t-shirt and turn to my wife. "The Reaping's today, Kelan," she murmurs. "In half an hour. Come on, let's get dressed." I slide on my worn brown sandals and trudge back into the Victor's Village. Tania, my dearest love, holds open the door for me, her beautiful blonde hair flapping in the breeze rolling off of the ocean. I give her a deep kiss on the lips before running insides and pulling on jeans and a gingham dress shirt. By the time I'm downstairs, Tania's ready, makeup applied, in a sexy green dress. The woman's a wonder, I tell you. We rush out of the Victor's Village. Thank god the main town of our District, Waverly, is only a two minutes walk away. Tania and I break out into a brisk jog, arriving at the Justice Building a minute before the Escort, wretched Albania Stork, will take the stage. Tania and I stand respectfully in the corner of the stage as Albania recites her speech for the second time and plays the video. Everyone watches the video intently. It's not super boring, but I have a feeling in several years no one will pay it any attention as this Reaping thing, the entire Hunger Games, becomes solidified in our lives. Then Albania's long, slender fingers are slipping into the bowl and picking a slip. "Rosie Trinibog!" Another terrified 12 year old girl totters onto the stage. I freeze in terror. I remember Mitzi, my 12 year old District partner from last year. I remember watching her get stabbed to death by Elora at the final interview when Charlize played the 3 plus hour ensemble/summary of the Games. Why do 12 year olds come out of 4 both years? Bad luck. "Zoryn Temper!" A muslced 14 year old, nearly as tall as me already, and still so young, trudges onto the stage, looking like he wants to rip off Albania's fake eyelashes. Then Zoryn and Rosie shake hands, and we take them back to say goodbye to their families. About a month later... I shake as I watch Dillon Tripp of District 9's mandatory final interview. They spend extra, agonizing time during the Games' summary video on the death of tiny little Rosie, torn to shreds and then torn even further to pieces by the vicious hyena mutts. I openly wept while all the other Capitol Mentors looked at me in confusion. Why was he crying? That had been a good death, dude, why are you crying? the Mentor for 7 had said. Both his tributes had died in the opening minutes, and he was staying to watch the "fun". I punched him, sent him to the hospital with a broken jaw. The rest of the Capitol peacocks stayed away from me after that. The little girl placed 16th. Zoryn had made it to the Top 8, but not far past that, placing 7th after Pumice, the brute from 2, had smashed his sword into the boy's throat. But Zoryn had not gone down without a fight. He'd cut off Pumice's left hand, a serious wound that would help bolster one of the Tripp twins to Victory. Dillon had been a fighter, for sure, and smart and cunning. He'd saw his sister die. And yet I felt envious that he'd won, and not my tributes. It was only then that I realized that I'd lose a lot more than Rosie and Zoryn in the years to come. I just buried my face in my hands, crying for the first time since my father's funeral. Tania just hugged me and cried along with me, holding me tight. A/N: Here's Kelan's! It's a little rough, a little fast, I know. But once I get into the groove of writing these things, they'll get better. I doubt many people will read these, but if you are, I hope they're giving you some background on the characters of 500YOP. Not all chapters will follow this format; in fact, most of these shorts will not even focus on tributes' Games because that's all 500YOP is about. I just wanted to write one like this, and then we'll have other, different POVs. Thanks for reading! Until next time, Tracee