smiling. The rebellion will come in due time. Soon enough, she will not have to watch the senseless slaughter, like the slaughter that occurred this year, only weeks ago, when the male from 1, Gemton, claimed seven innocent lives and won the 72nd Games. Soon it will all be over. Atala isn't afraid to give her life for this fire, to act as tinder for the flames. Soon it will all be over, and it will be worth it. "Atala," Plutarch murmurs. She turns to look him in the eyes. "Yes?" "You wanted to know my replacement, yes?" Atala is about to say that she didn't, but he tells her anyway with a morose look in his eyes. "Seneca Crane will be my replacement. He's the new Head Gamemaker." Atala's inner flame putters out in moments as she imagines the man she once loved, still loves, becoming a monster directing the slaughter of 23 teens. That's when she realizes it's already too late to save him; he's been a monster all along. Seneca watches with tears in his eyes as Peeta Mellark declares "Because...because...she came here with me." Seneca runs from the Gamemaker box, pushing through the velvet ropes and Peacekeepers that preside over the entrance into the Gamemaker's secluded viewing box in the interview theater. He runs and runs and runs, and eventually finds the box all the trainers sit in, close to the ground. He is about to run through the velvet rope, about the break through and reconcile with her, when he spots Atala curled in the hands of the muscled, ruggedly handsome swords trainer. He steps back, and the Peacekeepers ask him what's wrong. He says nothing; everything's fine. In reality, his world is being consumed by ash and flames as his healed heart breaks all over again. Seneca shoots awake when his Head Assistant, Romulus Packard, flicks him on the cheek. Seneca growls as he sits up. He spots the cannon firer and mutt apprentice, Lucia, flick on a cannon. The virtual, 3-D arena reverberates from the simulated noise. Now only 3 are left. He looks up at the wall of TVs and sees the replay of the girl from 5, Finch, dying. She eats the nightlock berries Peeta has accidentally collected. Her eyes flick up to the cameras, and he catches a look most would miss; a simmer of defiance. He almost chuckles to himself as the girl commits suicide. He knows it's suicide, or at least suicide caused by desperation. He watched her in training; he remembers her marking the nightlock berries at the edible plants station as inedible clearly. He just chuckles throatily once more. Day 17 arrives soon enough, and Seneca just watches as Cato hunts relentlessly for the Star Crossed Lovers, Katniss and Peeta. He dozes off for a couple of hours, and wakes up in the late hours of Day 17. Katniss and Peeta are hunting for Cato, and Cato is being hunted by dog mutts as well. He watches with delight as they climb atop the Cornucopia and they fight and Peeta bleeds and Cato falls into the gnashing jaws of the mutant dogs. Day 18 rolls around, and Katniss manages to end Cato. Then it's just the Star Crossed Lovers left. They think they've won. Claudius is already saying that the previous rule change has be revoked, but something inside Seneca breaks. He watches Katniss, and sees Atala. He watches Peeta, and sees himself. And as they lift the berries to their mouths, Seneca uses a voice modulator to sound like Claudius, and he speaks into the arena, declaring both Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark the Victors of the 74th Games. He runs from the Control Center without another word, and he hides in his apartment. Half an hour later, the doorbell rings. He eases open the door to see Atala standing there, her silky black hair ruffled from a run, dressed in black sweatpants and a loose gray tank top. She grabs him and kisses him, forgiving him with a touch of her lips to his. Three days later, Atala is accidentally discovered as a rebel by some Peacekeepers. They don't get out any valuable information, and they have her executed. Atala opens the door, and on the other end of the room, a door opens, and Seneca steps in. The two lovers meet eyes and realize that they, now, are the Star Crossed Lovers. They both cry silently as they each take a fistful of berries. They kiss passionately, whispering forgiveness and murmuring about how much they've missed each other over the past years. Then they lift the berries to their mouths and swallow, sacrificing themselves in the name of the cause. Lucia Crababpple Atala Cragmyre Seneca Crane Tiberius Crane Little Laelia Mirrorsmoke stares up at the marble obelisk in the Capitol that commemorates those Capitol citizens who fell during the Second Rebellion. Her eager fingers trace the names before her. Lucia. Atala. Seneca. Tiberius. Little does she know that all those that rest, carved in the marble, know each other. Tiberius, uncle to Seneca. Lucia, underling to Seneca. And Seneca, lover to Atala. Laelia moves on, reading further, focusing on names like Finnick Odair, Cinna Appis, Primrose Everdeen, and Kenton Boggs, which are placed prominently at the top of the obelisk. Laelia Mirrorsmoke will never again look or remember the names Atala Cragmyre or Seneca Crane. They are no Romeo and Juliet. They are forgotten, and that is all there is for them. A/N: So yes. I hope you enjoyed this a lot. Atala has always fascinated me, and this idea just came to me. I wrote this a couple of weeks ago and decided to post it now because I felt like it. Still on vacation, but I'll be back very soon, on the 23rd! My first completed fic! :) If you liked this, I can do more like it, about obscure rebels and the such. :) Thanks for reading, and please review!