need a break?" I bend over to grab the blocks of wood at my feet. Clove has already started the journey back; she is probably about thirty metres ahead of me in the thick of the forest. My hands grasp firmly around the jagged edges. That is when I see it. I see the bright auburn hair coming towards me, I reach for my dagger but I am too slow. She has tackled me to the ground and now sits on top of me. "Cl-" I start but she muffles my voice by placing her right hand over my mouth. I can now see her face clearer. Her fair face only intensifying the grasp of her misty blue eyes, her pale pink lips opening. "Shh" She tells me. I wriggle in protest. I can take her out. She doesn't look that strong; I should be able to finish her right here and now. She pulls out my dagger from my pocket and places it up to my neck. "Move and your dead" She whispers into my ear. I gulp and stiffen in understanding. "Good." "Why don't you just kill me?" I ask, puzzled. What would she have to gain by letting another tribute live? "No. I just want to warn you" She whispers, looking around her scared that Clove may return. "Warn me about what?" "The careers, be careful they will kill you as soon as they find you useless" "Yes, but why are you telling me this?" I ask. "It doesn't matter why. Just get out of there before they decide you are no help. Got it?" She asks and runs off before receiving a reply. Her auburn hair disappearing the same way as it entered, in silence and in grace. So many thoughts race through my mind; what just happened? Who was that girl? Why did she let me live? No time to think now. I have to catch up to Clove before she starts asking questions. I bend down and pick up the scattered wood that had flung out of my hands once I had been tackled. After five minutes of awkward jogging I manage to catch up to Clove. "Hey" I say as I walk beside her. "What took you so long? You didn't run into any trouble?" She asked with a hint of concern in her voice. "No, I just dropped the wood, took me a while to find all of the pieces" I lie. She nods her head in belief. Good. "You got to be careful from now on. As soon as Cato sees you not being able to complete a simple task he will lash out. You got to be more careful." She advises. I simply nod my head and zip my lips. The less I talk is probably better with the careers but Clove doesn't seem to allow me this. "You prepared for an active hunting day tomorrow?" "Yeah of course" I lie again but it's not like I could say "No I don't want to see anyone die and I just want to go home". Somehow I don't think that would go to well. "Do you really feel that way?" She asks, her brown eyes piercing mine. I hesitate for only a moment. "Yes" Is all I can get out. I don't want my voice to give in to my true thoughts. "Can you keep a secret?" She asks stopping in her tracks. I reluctantly stop too. "Sure" "I'm not" My right eyebrow raises in confusion. "Huh?" "I'm not ready for tomorrow. I mean, I'm not looking forward to it… I know as a 'career' I'm meant to be a ravenous blood-thirsty beast but honestly I'm just sick of it all" What? A career who doesn't want to kill? Yeah right… It must be a trap… she is trying to lure me out… lure me into admitting how horrifying killing is for me. She is trying to decide whether I'm useful or not. "Then why volunteer?"" I ask harshly but she seems to take no notice of the tone. "I… I… don't really know" She mutters. "I guess it's just expected. Anyone who does training is just automatically expected to volunteer once they turn fifteen. They are expected to by their peers, teachers and even family" Her face still remains emotionless; I have come to see that her face, isn't her face. It's a mask. It shelters her from being vulnerable from predators. This is something I must learn to do. It's one thing to make words sound believable but another thing entirely to play them out with expressions. "Why hang out as part of the career pact and kill then?" I can't buy this. What if this is all part of the trap? To lure me in with lies and finish it with a sob story? I need to keep my guard. I can't let her get anything out of me. "Firstly for protection, they will guarantee me a place in the final seven, and I kill for the same reasons as everyone else. To get one step closer to home, to get one step closer out of this nightmare." Her eyes are still daggering into my head. I can feel the sharpness behind them. "Oh. I have always thought that district two tributes were always willing to risk their lives just to get a hold of another's life" I say, wishing I could take it back the second I said it. I wait for the glare that is sure to follow but get nothing. "Don't judge a book by its cover" She says almost sombrely before sealing the emotions. With these final words spoken she continues to walk. Her earlier words ring inside my head ' I kill for the same reason everyone else kills… to get one step closer to home…' Then why did that girl from five let me go so easily… (OOC: Thanks for reading the first chapter! The second chapter will be in Clove's POV)