muscles coiled and ready to spring, movements quick and graceful, like ballet dancers. Their fighting was unlike the brute power of Two or the admirable simplicity of Four. It was like listening to a woodwind duet, like watching two serpents swirl around each other before ones fangs inflicted more damage than the other. The show sadly didn't last too long. The moment that Hosanna threw her knife at Kihgi, Zion was already leaping towards Ivelisse's girl. Hosanna whirled out of the way, the blade almost cutting off the tip of her nose. She leaped to her feet, about to throw a knife, before Zion's scimitar knocked the first knife from her hand, and then severed the strap of the belt of knives around her waist, barely piercing the skin at Hosanna's hip as he cut away the belt. It clattered to the floor, and Hosanna arched backwards, her hand wrapping around a chunk of marble. As she went to get back to her feet and try to bash open Zion's head, her feet moving fluidly across the ground, Zion twirled and buried his blade in her right calf. Hosanna let loose a little scream, but even then she didn't falter, barely staggering as she tried to stand upright and fight back. Her leg buckled, however, and Zion whooshed forward like quicksilver and sliced open Hosanna's throat. Hosanna fell to the ground like a feather, looking peaceful in death as her cannon fired. The trumpets were blaring loudly and Zion's name was being shouted throughout the arena, and Ivelisse smiled despite the fact that her screen was black as the night and her girl laid dead as Zion was lifted out of the arena. No matter what the other Districts thought of One, they were loyal to their own. It didn't matter who won to them as long it was a One, and that motto held true for the Fortieth Games. Clermont Lackrey was roaring, roaring at the top of his lungs and beating his fists against his chest as he soaked in the glory. Twenty five years. Twenty five years. Twenty four young men he had helped train and Mentor, all of whom had failed him. Twenty four young men, shipped back to One in cold boxes where they were encased in molded golden coffins and settled in the Hall of Remembrance. Each one, no matter close they'd come, no matter how many kills they'd made or how popular they were, had failed him in death. He admired their ultimate sacrifice, but he hated them so much. Because when they failed him, he had failed as well. And Clermont Lackrey could not stand himself failing in any form. Unlike the Outlier Mentors, who rushed as fast as they could to the hospital where their tribute would be waiting for them in the heart of the Capitol, Clermont took his time, preparing himself and congratulating Ivelisse and the other Career Mentors on yet another good year for the Careers. He shook hands as the crowds roared his name and Zion Alvarra's name as he exited the Control Center, the other Ones following just behind with varying levels of excitement on their faces, but all of them were smiling genuinely. They made their march and arrived at the hospital where Zion had been brought soon after the Victor of the Fortieth Hunger Games. He'd recently awoken from the induced sleep they'd put him in to fix the few scars he'd picked up in the Games. Clermont walked in. Zion was sitting up in bed, a light smile on his face and a faraway look on his eyes. He was healthy enough to go run a sub sixty second four hundred sprint without a problem, but the doctor had required him to stay in the bed for the time being just in case. Clermont was laughing heartily the moment he walked in the room, grinning so wide from the pride and everything else swelling in his chest. He hauled Zion out of the bed, looked into his eyes for the first time in the years that he'd been one of Clermont's best students, and shook his hand firmly. Zion returned the shake just as tightly and briefly, his eyes shining with shock and respect, and if Clermont was the type to cry from joy, his eyes would be welling at that moment. The other Ones poured in together. Guild shook Zion's hand, Ivelisse hugged him for a little too long, Salandra congratulated him and handed him a chocolate cake she'd baked herself, and Mascara claimed that he'd looked prettier on screen, which made all of the pretty people in the room chuckle. Zion fired back that the one saying that only had 5 kills, while he had 6. Mascara gasped and punched him in the shoulder as the others whooped with laughter. The doctor stood on the doorway, watching the Ones mill around, laughing and talking and eating, and she just rolled her eyes, smiling. It wasn't every day that you saw a room full of murderers laughing and smeared with chocolate frosting, and the doctor enjoyed her snapshot of a Victor's life for a moment before leaving them to do as they wished. She wasn't one to tell the Ones what to do, especially after they'd just received their sixth Victor. No one would rain on the Ones for quite some time this year. A/N: This turned out way longer than I first intended, and I should have probably spent all of this time writing my SYOT, but yeah I didn't xD I really loved writing this, and I would love to do a similar thing in the future. If you guys liked it too, tell me, and you might see a second chapter to this story some time in the future since this was really relaxing and enjoyable for me. I really love my 500YOP universe and I hope you enjoyed this further glimpse into it! :D Until Next Time, Tracee