I love you," he tells her. She looks up from her lap and he sees how hard she is crying. He reaches out and holds her tightly before letting go and grabbing the bread. Peeta cuts the small roll of bread in half, and hands Katniss a half. Together, they stick the slices into the bright, blazing fire and watch as they bake. They're both quietly sobbing, wondering how lucky they got to have each other. They both laugh a bit when Katniss gets a small burn on her hand from having the bread too close to the fire. Peeta kisses the red on her fingertips and makes a mental note to apply burn cream to them for her before bed. When they decide the bread is cooked enough, they pull their pieces from the fire and look up at each other. Neither of them could believe this was happening. This has surely been one of the happiest things that has happened to them in a long time. Both are afraid that it's a dream, or a hallucination, or that this moment, this happiness, will be taken away from them like everything else does. Katniss lifts her hand first, and Peeta follows suit after a few seconds. The tears come harder as they lift the bread to the other's mouth. They're both so happy that it's overwhelming. They bite the bread, trying to savor the exact taste of it. "It's the same bread you gave me in the rain," Katniss notes. Peeta smiles. "I'm so thankful I gave you that bread," he whispers. Katniss smiles widely. "So, we're married now," she chokes out. "Finally," Peeta says. Peeta reaches out for her wrist. Peeta leans in to close the space between them and Katniss meets him halfway. Their lips collide in the first kiss they've shared since their return to Twelve. It's soft and sweet at first, but when they pull away, they both feel the hunger for one another. The next one is like the one they shared on the beach during the Quarter Quell. It's deep and passionate and leaves them hungry for more. The kisses continue, and eventually, they're too overwhelmed with the wanting of each other that the tears stop. Mine. You're mine , Katniss thinks. Oh, God, you're all mine . They kiss until their lips are swollen and their faces are flushed. They are completely out of breath, but it doesn't stop them from kissing for some more. When the wanting becomes too much for them to handle, Peeta lifts her up and carries her to bed, not bothering with the fire. That night they give themselves up completely. It seals the marriage and promise of love. They give their innocence to each other, like it's a wedding gift. Katniss knows that this was bound to happen anyway, her ending up with Peeta. She wouldn't be able to stand Gale if she married him. He has too much fire and hatred for her to add to her own. She needs someone to reel her back in when she's lost, someone gentle and kind. She needs her dandelion in the spring. The morning isn't too grand, but it's a relief to both Katniss and Peeta when neither of them wake up screaming from a nightmare. Katniss stays curled up against Peeta for a long while, or at least until he announces that he needs to use the bathroom. She rolls over to her side of the bed and curls up beneath the warm sheets. She thinks about last night. She knows it was bound to happen at some point anyway, Peeta and her marrying. She didn't expect herself to confess her feelings as deeply as she did, but she does not regret it. Katniss doesn't take back her confession, her offering of burnt toast, and her actions following the toasting. When Peeta comes back into the room, he's holding a small tube of cream. Katniss is confused for a moment before she notices the throbbing and aching in her fingertips. Peeta sits cross-legged on his side of the bed. He puts his hand under the sheets to find Katniss' hand. "I used to burn myself all the time when I first started baking," Peeta tells her with a small smile. "My dad would give me cream to apply to the burns before I went to bed. When I woke up in the morning, the burns would still hurt, but not as much as they would have if I hadn't used the cream." He turns her hand over so her palm faces up. He traces the creases in her palm for a moment before he remembered the cream and the burns. Peeta takes the tube and squeezes a bit onto his fingertip. He puts the cool cream against Katniss' slightly blistered fingertips. She sighs of relief from the pain. She can't imagine getting burns like these—or worse ones for that matter—every day. Peeta massages the cream into her fingertips and she rests her head on his shoulder. "Told you it made the burns feel better," he says under his breath. "I can't imagine getting these on a daily basis," Katniss replies. "I've already got enough to last me a lifetime." Peeta's face flashes with disapproval of her joke for a second before realizing that she was actually joking. "You and me both," he says with a small smile. "So, I have to change my last name now I guess." "What a misfortune." "Oh, I wouldn't see it as that." "The Capitol might." "Screw the Capitol." "Should we call your mother?" "Actually, can we keep to ourselves for a while? Once we tell someone they'll tell someone else and next thing you know we can't leave the house because there are so many reporters outside." "Good idea. It'll be our little secret." "I love that. Us finally keeping a secret from everybody else." "The tables have been turned." "Indeed." "I love you." "I love you, too, Peeta Mellark."