the back alleys to Ms. Nickels house. One time when me and Liv were drinking this vodka outside her house, she gave us twice the amount of a different kind for half the bottle. Everyone in District 3 knew she was a drunk but what everyone else didn't know, is that this was her favourite. Me and Liv have been trading her ever since. The bottle sloshed in my small bag that bounced against my back as I walked along the lines on the side of the dirt road. I passed factory after factory, each one closed down and empty because of the Reaping tomorrow. Sometimes I wish that the rebellion had worked, that Katniss hadn't died in that explosion and that everything didn't go back to normal after the rebels were defeated. Sure it's 25 years later and I only here stories but what if they had succeeded? Would things be all that different? I know a lot of people died… but, it had to be better than this… I looked around at the run down fences and falling apart houses. The smog was thick today, being the factory district does have it's downfalls. The pollution from the smoke caused a lot of people around here to have lung problems, luckily I haven't shown any symptoms, yet. My cousin wasn't so lucky however, some days she could hardly breathe at all. I was pulled from my thoughts when I found myself knocking on Ms. Nickels door. She answered, eyes blood shot, hair matted, and her breath smelled like cheap alcohol. She was always happy to see me though, knowing that my presence at her door meant free booze. "Oh Tris! Happy birthday!" She slurred, and stumbled a little. She wrapped her dirty sweater around her a bit tighter. "Thank you! I was told to give this to you." I pulled the bottle out of my bag and Her face lit up. Oh brother… "YES YES! Thank YOU! I was told to give this to you when you finally showed up." She handed me a music disc and slammed the door. I turned the small disc over in my hands and shook my head chuckling under my breath. The next clue was a song? All my friends knew I didn't go anywhere without my music player. I walked down the rotting steps towards the street and out of Ms. Nickels yard. I opened up my bag and pulled out my music player, slipping the small disc inside. I sat on the curb with my headphones on and pushed play… I was almost scared for what I would hear. But the thumping beat was familiar, so familiar in fact I stood up and had to stop myself from dancing. Me and my friend Jess made up a little routine to this old song a few years ago, it was called Black and Gold. The only place I could think of to go was the old recording studio, it closed down quite a few years ago but some of us would break in there with some homemade speakers and dance in front the broken mirrors like it was a dance studio, just for the fun of it. Mind you we haven't done that in so long I'm not sure if I could even get in anymore. Cutting through a few backyards the walk wasn't so bad. District 3 was one of the richer districts, but it certainly wasn't the cleanest. Everyone worked in factories manufacturing electronics, guns, and automobiles. My dad runs the best car part shop in Panem, he's slowly teaching me everything he knows too, so that I can take over one day. Which of course is against his wishes but that's too bad, it's my life and that's what I want to do. I kept on my old headphones and started playing some random music that was on my music player as I traveled. We learned how to make these when we were in grade two and I still had mine. It worked pretty well too, for being so old now, that's probably why I got an A for it, it was well made. By the time I got to the studio the sun was high in the sky, beating down on my face. That's how I liked the weather, sunny with big puffy white clouds and perfect blue skies. The smell of spring and summer lingering in the air, along with the smoke and soot from the factories of course, you can never seem to escape the grim that was District 3. I climbed on top of the old dumpster and pushed open the rusted window. Pulling myself up was harder than I remember, I guess I'm a little out of shape. I swung my legs up and jumped into the studio. It was clear no one had been here in a long time, until I noticed that dust hadn't settled on the table in the far corner. There was a black and gold wrapped box sitting on top of it, just waiting to be opened. I walked over and tore the paper open, slicing the tape open with the pocket knife I kept in my bag. Inside was a rainbow coloured fabric, it wasn't till I pulled it out that I realized what it was. They were a pair of rainbow capris pants, this clue had to of been Boltons. When we were 9 we both went to a special camera recording camp in the school gym during the summer and he wore these pants as part of his costume for one of the recordings, it was hysterical to see. I laughed at the memory but what was the clue here? Where do I go? I put the pants in my bag and paced around the studio, I did some stretches too. Until it hit me, I gave myself a face palm, we did the training in the school gym. Obviously that's where I had to go.