Still, she doesn't hesitate to go into them. His body is familiar to her – the way it moves, the smell of wood smoke, even the sound of his heart beating she knows from quiet moments on a hunt- but this is the first time she really feels it, lean and hard-muscled against her own. She wraps her arms tightly around his waist, and takes a few seconds to just feel the life beneath his skin. Then she breaks away from the embrace, but stays close enough since his arms won't let her go completely. Words start to stream out of her of tactic, of hunting, and of scenarios where he has to do everything to survive. "… and you have to use your traps, I'm sure you can make them work on bigger things than rabbits. Oh, and remember those healing plants that I showed you last week? Mother says that they're easy to find in most vegetation, if you just look closely enough. And…" "Hush, Catnip," he says eventually in a low voice, using the silly nickname that he has come up with for her, seemingly without thinking. A little frown creases his forehead, as if he's trying to concentrate on something else. "I know all that already, I just don't know how to hunt… other people. " But she knows he would be able to, if it meant life and death, or if someone threatened to hurts one of his loved ones. Just like her. "Then don't think of them as people," She says grimly. Her eyes turn even more intent on his, as she rushes out the next words. "Promise me you'll do whatever it takes to survive." It takes him a moment to figure out how to respond, with her wonderful stormy eyes so close up and her chest almost pressing against his. "I will, if you let me do one thing first?" "Anything," she replies, bewildered and not understanding what he could possibly want from her. She's already promised not to let his family go hungry. So therefore, she's incredibly surprised when his hands slide up her arms to take hold of her face instead. His touch on the bare skin of her arms tingles strangely, and she has just enough time to see his eyes soften and his pupils widen, as his face slowly draws nearer. On impulse, her eyelids flutter closed. His lips close over hers in a full sensation of warmth and softness, of her lower belly fluttering like crazy and the sound of blood rushing in her ears. With a tiny movement, he makes her lips part ever so slightly, and suddenly, a rush of warmth courses through her body. She has completely forgotten how to breathe. He holds them together for another few short moments, which seem like an eternity, and then he breaks the kiss. Her first kiss, ever, and her mind is spinning dizzily from it. "I had to do that, at least once," he whispers. His gentle outlet of air tickles along her lips, which are helplessly parted and still slightly puckered. Between her brows is a confused, but also faintly wistful crease that seems to say why now more than why. Her hands are curled tight against his chest, but her deep grey eyes are wide open in surprise. She stares into his somewhat lighter grey ones, mesmerized by the swirling emotions she sees there, but too dazed to figure out what any of them might mean. Then the door is burst open, and the heavy atmosphere in the room, buzzing between her body and his, is harshly broken. Two uniformed Peacekeepers marsh inside, their intrusion annoying but not enough for either of them to break the gaze. For once, they're not communicating, but simply seeing each other, and it's even better. "Time's up, no more visitors allowed," announces the man to Katniss' right, laying a firm hand on her shoulder. This time, trying to shake them off is no use- no matter how tightly he clutches her hand and asks for just one more minute please to finish what he has started here, she is still quickly being marched backward to the door. Their eyes cling desperately to each other, hers still opened wide as she tries to wrap her mind around what just happened, and his pleading for her to understand, as the space between them only grows wider. "Katniss, remember I…" The door slams shut in her face, cutting off whatever it was he wanted her to know, with finality that echoes in her head. She didn't get to tell him good luck either, and now she will maybe never know what that strange action of his was all about. What is it with these two today? Most likely, the intense horror of being chosen to compete in the Hunger Games has driven as well Madge as Gale over the edge. Not that she had minded… Katniss finds herself gingerly touching her tingling lips with the tops of her fingers as she makes her way out of the building, her two escorts in white letting her walk on her own accord. They're a little chapped, just as usual, and yet they have never felt softer in her whole life. If she's supposed to take some other action before heading home, if there's some kind of plan she could possibly come up with right now, she has completely forgotten about it. The cotton-like, hazy film over her brain remains firmly in place as she walks absently across town, her eyes not even registering the many pitiful eyes that turn her way, nor hearing the whispered words that trail behind her back. In her mind, the image of Gale in a completely different light refuses to give way, and it might as well stay there as long as it can, blocking out all potential unpleasant thoughts of tomorrow. Because tomorrow, she has to start dealing with the reality of being left behind at home.