what it was. Frantic, her eyes darted wildly back and forth. She felt like some helpless little creature that had been backed into a corner. Something seemed to be calling to her on an instinctual level. His voice was reduced to a sort of distant buzzing in her ears. She scanned her surroundings again, and suddenly she knew. Her eyes rested on a small shelf of rock nestled in the interior of the woods. She spotted two figures, one stooping behind the other. She locked eyes on the young girl. She took in every inch of the girl who was to be their salvation. In that instant, she seemed to store away every detail of her face: their final hope. They had heard that life was different in the Districts. They had so much faith that life would be better beyond the reach of the Capitol. In these places, they would find real, honest people. The kind of individuals who they didn't mind living out the rest of their days with, as one big family. "Help us!" she cried desperately, pleading with the girl and her hidden companion, both with her eyes and her companion. But the girl, despite never looking away, remained motionless in her little sanctuary. "Who are you talking to?" he demanded from behind, still trying to usher her along with his hand. She ignored him. "Please!" she screamed. A sob escaped her, and her body began to tremble as she felt her first real tear make its way down her face. They were doomed. This girl was condemning them to hell. "Help...us." Her voice was weaker now. It shook and it lacked conviction. She would never forget this girl, with her cold grey eyes and impassive features. Even after death, she would remember. Behind the lidded eyes of her lifeless body, Lavinia would still be seeing her face. She knew that in her heart. Everything they had believed about life outside the Capitol, everything they had dared to hope – it was one big sham. The biggest lie to rest atop all the others. It was a heartless, apathetic world out there. How foolish of them to think anything to the contrary. No place was safe from the Capitol's corrupting influence. Not here, and certainly not some mythical district. This was a world completely barren and devoid of such silly notions as hope. Though she stood strong, and kept her eyes fixed on that girl, Lavinia felt everything she ever was and ever believed in crumble and turn to dust at her feet. She imagined that dust was then carried off by the wind. He had fallen silent. It seemed to register in his mind – the full extent of what this pervasive silence actually meant. She felt him weave his fingers into hers as they both resolved themselves to their inevitable fate. They were just too damn tired to run anymore. "I love you," she whispered through her sobs, breaking her gaze away from the girl to look upon his face again. "I love you too," he said softly, and she could both hear and see that he was crying as well. He leaned in to kiss her, when one single, shrill birdcall pierced the silence. In a flash, the clear sky was obscured by a hovercraft. It blotted out the sun and chilled the air. "Watch out!" She heard him scream. The sight of it seemed to put the fight back in him, reinvigorate his will to save Lavinia and their child. She felt a similar reaction come over herself, though she of course included him in the list of people who needed saving. In a flash, the clear sky was obscured by a hovercraft. It blotted out the sun and chilled the air. "Watch out!" I heard him scream. The sight of it seemed to put the fight back in him, reinvigorate his will to save Lavinia and their child. She felt a similar reaction come over herself, though she of course included him in the list of people who needed saving. But alas, it was too late. They had waited too long to act, and soon she found herself being violently swept off her feet, and hauled off into the air toward the hovercraft. She strained against the net that was encasing her, thrashed against it like the wild animal they seemed to think she was. Everything was happening so fast and she tried to position herself so she could see him one last time before she greeted oblivion. Lavinia looked down to see him stricken with terror. All the color had left his body and she saw his lips forming her name—a lightning fast blur shot past the periphery of her vision. The blur was actually a cable of some sort, and she realized only too late that there wasn't another net attached. It was a spear, and the sound of him shouting her name was cut off by his strangled cry, a sort of sick gurgling as he choked on his own blood. Red stained his body, the grass, and the cable that was swiftly hauling him back up. His walking stick lay abandoned in a bloody patch of grass. She could see his eyes: clear, blue, and utterly lifeless. His body was limp and dripping with blood. In that moment, that little flickering flame in her heart was completely and utterly extinguished. The last word that passed her lips before she was dragged away to the unknown was his name. It was the last word she would ever say again, as her voice would soon be strangled by silence. She screamed it louder than she had screamed anything, even when she was pleading with that girl for aid. Her voice was twisted with pure grief and agony, and her body was stained with fallen tears. "Caelius!" And then they were gone. The birds began to sing again; spreading their song over the land that was stained with his blood.