blue And holds the dresser, covered with several empty photo albums. Several of the drawers were already filled with baby clothes. The wall next to the crib held a window with dark blue curtains with a moon design on them. Sunlight pours into the room, and I can see the grassy fields of the forest just beyond the horizon. It is absolute perfection. "Oh Peeta," I whisper, "It's beautiful." He wraps his arms around my waist and whispers, "I was hoping you'd like it." I grin slyly at him. "like it? I-" and as expected, he kisses me. "-Love it." he is grinning ear to ear. I put a hand to my stomach. "I just hope he likes it." Peeta turns me around in his arms, kneels down in front of me, lifts my shirt, and kisses my swollen stomach. "He will." Peeta looks up at me, blue eyes ablaze, and I can see hope, love, peace, and laughter radiating from him. His smile gives me complete reassurance for the future. He stands and holds me in his arms. I automatically wrap my arms around his neck. He pecks me on the cheek, and, for a moment, we were infinite. The next month Came and went like a summer storm. Before I knew it, my due date had arrived. Peeta and I walked calmly into the hospital, and just before we entered, a searing pain shot through my abdomen. Water dripped onto the floor. Peeta calmly explains things to a nurse, who sets me in a wheelchair. I squeeze Peeta's hand tighter with every contraction. It was turning purple. I had been telling him ever since we first found out I was pregnant not to take anything I said during labor seriously. Thank God I did. I figured I would be in terrible pain during labor- that much was a given, but this- this was complete agony. It took all my grit not to cry out. Then, I am being laid on a bed. I gasp when the contraction ends. I look at Peeta- his lips are pursed in thought. When he realizes I am looking at him, he smiles at Me reassuringly. Within the next few hours I felt I did alright. I kept a good face on for Peeta and warmly greeted those who came to visit me- I.e. Effie, Haymitch, and my mother. Peeta stayed by me the entire time. In the next six hours, I lost any optimism I once possessed. I felt that I would either die from lack of oxygen after screaming my lungs out or of pain. By the sixteenth hour, I was a pure, grade-A bitch. "I want drugs! I mean it, Peeta, if they won't give me any you can shoot me! This is bull- aagh!" And the pain was back, breaking me in half. Peeta calmly maintained his composure and calm, which was beginning to irritate me. He steps back a bit, knowing I can be lethal when I'm upset. He rings for the doctor, who checks my cervix and then tells me to push. I scream obscenities at Peeta, calling him all sorts of names until I run out of air. "he's crowning! One more push, Katniss!" I scream, yell and finally collapse onto the bed in a heap. The doctor holds up the crying baby. "It's a boy!" He declares hugely. "Dad, would you like to cut the cord. Peeta nods eagerly, although I suspect he had trouble cutting it after I squeezed his hand so hard. If nothing else I must have bruised it severely. At worst I may have broken a few bones. Then, the doctor holds a blue blanket swathed bundle out to me. The world stops spinning. He is perfect- his hair is the color of Peeta's but he has my eyes. His nose is shaped like Peeta's fathers. "Have you chosen a name?" the doctor asks. I nod, my eyes not leaving the baby in my arms. "Phoenix." I whisper. Phoenix- the mythological bird who, when old, bursts into flames but then is reborn from the ashes. Phoenix, whose tears have healing powers- certainly he has healed us. After all, what better name for the son of the girl on fire? I knew, as long as I lived, that this would be my taste of eternity. I look up at Peeta, who is crying and smiling at Phoenix. I hand Peeta the baby and he immediately smiles. Our son has already stolen his heart- just like I knew he would. I can see the train of Peeta's thoughts as he pictures all of the wonderful things he will get to do with his son- hiking, sports, baking. He can't wait to get to it. I can. Peeta kisses me on the top of my head and hands me our son. I stare at him in wonder. I will never cease to be amazed at what we have created together. We have created life that was ignited when the boy with the bread chose the girl on fire at the age of five. I am released from the hospital two days later. Peeta walks next to me as I carry Phoenix in my arms. Since we didn't exactly have a lot of options for godparents, we decided to ask Effie and Haymitch, knowing that their wisdom will never be outranked by anyone else- ok well maybe not Haymitch's but Effie's definitely will. Effie eagerly accepts- no surprise there. When we asked Haymitch (Who was actually completely sober- who knew?) he paused for a long moment and then nodded, throwing both Peeta and myself for a loop. Now, as I lay in my bed with Peeta breathing steadily next to me and Phoenix asleep, I welcome my new place in the world, not as the girl on fire, or as a victor of the hunger games, but as a mother, which I now know was what I was meant to be all along. THE END