it was one outside of her walls. More and more, Val spent time looking out the window and wondering. She spent more time reading. The little books from her childhood. The big books in the left wing. When she sat down and met her mother's eyes across he table, Val could name more of the emotions she saw in them. Ever since she noticed the apprehension, it was impossible to forget. "How has your day been? Her mother asked. Fine never seemed like an appropriate answer anymore. But she said, "Fine," anyway, because the less time she spent in the dining room, the more time she could spend up in her room daydreaming and learning. In a matter of days, Val had felt like she'd learned all the secrets the world had to offer. People liked quick answers. People liked taking charge. She'd learned all the answers to the wheres and the whens and the hows. And the only question she had left was why. :::: She was sitting at her desk, pencil end between her teeth, attempting to write, when everything happened all at once. Her music cut off, and the radio turned to static for the slowest moment before someone started speaking quickly, louder than the music had been playing. Val cringed away from the volume before listening, and she only heard spare words like, "—districts in—" and, "—are shouting—" and, "outside the president's—". The guard burst through her door before the announcer could continue, and rushed over to Val, speaking in hurried words like the man over the radio. When he grabbed her arm, trying to pull her with him, she shouted, "Stop! What's happening?" "The president has asked your presence immediately." "Why? What was that announcement—?" "Now, Miss Snow." She let him lead her though the halls. When the door to her grandfather's door opened, and Val saw him sitting alone in his chair, facing dozens of people with no support, everything thrust on his shoulders, she ran forward, away from the guard and into her grandfather's arms. If there was one thing she was sure of right now, it was the importance of a hug. "My dear Valeria," her grandfather said. "What's wrong?" she asked, not acknowledging the rest of the inhabitants of the room. "There's been unrest in the districts for some time now. We're losing our control." "Some time now?" she asked. Val had always considered her high up on the list of people to be informed of when things went wrong. When had her grandfather stopped telling her everything? "Go stand with your mother, Valeria." She felt her cheeks redden at being dismissed in front of such a large group of people. Crowds had always made her uncomfortable, and somehow she'd stumbled into the middle of one. Val ran back to her mother to hide. While the discussion continued, she hid further away with everything else told that she never knew to be true. There was, in fact, a lot that Val never knew. :::: She was crying in the hall, fabric balled up tightly in her fists, and bones shaking from the fear. Her mother sat next to her, surprisingly reserved; she held an arm around her daughter's shoulders. But except for the guards, she was the only one who managed her expression so. When another round of gunshots started up again, closer than the last, Val screamed, and a guard rushed to her side. He sat in front of her, and started reading off stories from memory. Tales of princesses and princes and castles and happily-ever-afters. Old tales. Tales that everyone had forgotten to tell after so many years of poverty and injustice. His eyes were kind, and Val found herself slowing down breaths to match his, and that the more he talked, the quieter the shouting was. She held onto his voice. The war had been brought to their streets a week ago, and Val hadn't seen her grandfather since. Most of her time was managed in the right wing in big rooms and meeting places with important staff, guards, and the unfortunate men and women who had been staying or visiting during the hours the first rebels broke into the center of the city. That was the only news of the rebels that had been allowed to reach Val's ears since she learned that Katniss Everdeen was in fact still alive. Most of the words spoken to her were comforting and delivered by the people in her immediate vicinity. And none of them were ever spoken by her mother. When the bombs came, Val learned that there are some things that can sound louder than heartbeats. But firstly, she thought of her grandfather, and where he was at, and if he was okay, and then worried glances and princess tales could no longer suspend her tears. She wept for everything she never knew. The rebels stormed into the mansion, made a mess, and when they entered where the crowd was gathered, no one seemed to put up a fight. There was even pity in their eyes when Val started sobbing, letting everything out, and mumbling words like, "Stop," and "No," and "Grandfather." :::: She was being punished for acts she'd never done. It had been easier to understand in the beginning when the officials said she was being held away for her own safety. The unruly might come for her, she thought. It never occurred to her that she might be the unruly. When the rebels—that's all they were to her and all they'd ever be—tried to tell her of the country's position, she'd scream until they stopped talking. She'd scream until she couldn't scream anymore because it didn't take long to realize that she wouldn't be getting anywhere soon like that. Her grandfather was to be executed in public. On television. By Katniss Everdeen. Val didn't know who to hate more. Mostly, she hated herself, and all that she never did. She could've done so much more.