and even though she's already told herself a hundred times that it won't be her, she's frightened. She clasps her hands together and shuts her eyes. And when the name is called, it is not her name. But the worrying isn't over yet, and even watching the girl volunteer walk up to the stage doesn't quench her nerves. And the boys' name isn't Finnick's, either. She breathes out a sigh of relief. Someone volunteers. She looks up, now calm, to see who it is. Her speeding heart recognizes the face before her brain does. The biggest change is this: seeing Finnick up on the stage, smiling. Why is he smiling? He's so stupid, and she can't decided to be angry or upset, but she is smart enough to know she shouldn't cry out, so she doesn't. Her face morphs back into a somewhat calm expression, and she practices breathing. She pretends that she's dreaming. —- From the outside, the town looks exactly the same. In truth, it is exactly the same. The sun still rises behind the Justice Building and sets over the ocean. The blue paint on the Cresta's house is still bright from being repainted every September. High tide still washes in the shells that children collect and display in windowsills or hang from strings. The market is still arranged in order of produce to seafood to trinkets. Sand still sits in the cracks of pavement miles inland. The seagull's cries wake up the town every morning, and the fishermen still head out at the same time, bringing back the load for inspection for the Capitol before selling it to the district. But to Finnick, the shrieks of children running from the tide sound fearful. The blood red of the rising sun ingrains into his vision, staining wherever he looks. His feet seem to sink into the ground when he walks, so he walks quicker to escape it. When people look at him, they don't turn away in pity or disgust, they marvel at him. The constant stares suffocate him. He wakes up each morning screaming. And he hasn't seen Annie in months. He can't bring himself to walk the familiar path from the square to the dingy little town, where her house stands bright against the rest, the same way she always did against the rest of the crowd. He finds her in the market once, even though they're both rich enough to shop in town; he's there because she never was, and she's there because he always was. Her eyes keep scanning the crowd, looking lost and hopeless. How many days has she been out here, searching? She can't remember the number. It might be weeks by now. He hides behind one of the makeshift counters. The old lady running the stand just smiles at him, and goes back to selling. His heart is racing, and he's not sure why. The world seems upside down. He presses the heels of his palms to his eyes, trying to block it all out, trying to disappear. It doesn't work, and he shouldn't feel disappointed, but he does. The second time he sees her, she's by the candy store feeding the stray cats. He stays hidden safely in the bakery, peeking out through a corner of the window, not caring what the owners think of him. She's feeding the cats pieces of bread, and even from his lookout, he can tell she's smiling as they rub against her. He smiles, too, just because it's nice to see her happy and peaceful, wasting her own food on animals. It's such an Annie thing to do. He forgot how much good there was in the world still, and how much of it was because of her. He's taking the road to his old house slowly, months after his Games, but still the world looks blurry around the edges. He watches each shadow carefully, jumping at each noise, but then he notices how the blue sand hiding in the cracks with the other grains. It had been Annie's idea to try painting the sand blue, to add a little bit of color to the tide pools. They'd made a mess of things in the process, splattering themselves and ruining their clothes. Both of their parents were furious afterwards, but the two couldn't stop laughing long enough to be reprimanded. As he rounds the corner, he finds the old pine he'd got his old branch from. He pauses a moment, his hand on the bark. This tree might be the very cause of his situation now, the first thing he fought against, but the memories have him smiling instead. He can see Annie's house from here; it's not that hard to miss. He's seen that shade of blue many different times. Day, night, faded, new. He'd helped paint it once or twice himself. The Cresta's even paid him for it. The smile on his face never fades as he walks up the few steps to the door. He pauses for a second, his hand raised to knock, steeling up the courage. He finds that thought odd, you won the Hunger Games, but you can't knock on some girl's door? He knocks. Inside, Annie lifts up her head from her book. It's her favorite, and she's already read it dozens of times; she already knows exactly what the protagonist will do when she turns the page, but she never tires of it. The knock of the door just annoys her. Everyone she knows, and the list isn't long, just barges in. She wonders, briefly, if the kids will ever get bored of knocking on her door. Finnick swallows and steps back from the door, his hand squeezing the flowers he holds at his side. His throat tightens, and he's not good enough to cry. He drops the flowers and runs away, back home, where he wishes he could just die already. Where he knows he can't as long as Annie Cresta is alive. —-