we were still strangers. And I thought we would finally speak to each other when she won the games – because she was undoubtedly the best that year – and came back to mentor, but she never did. There was a simple funeral service, and I realized that we would never have the chance to re-connect whatever it is we shared. I had doubts that we were even related, but when one of the mentors passed me her token, I knew." She took out a necklace from her pocket in the dim lighting, I could make out two simple gold bands engraved with words of love. "I had the other one." I couldn't find the right words, so I remained silent. What did you say to comfort a career that had lost everything, even the last of her family to a brutal slaughter which she would be participating in just days away? Clove stood suddenly and stretched her muscles. "Enough with this sappiness." she shot me an almost feral-like grin that hid a deep sadness of resurfacing memories. "Let's do something that isn't completely boring." The smile was infectious and I found myself nodding along and curious to what the career had in mind. The girl positively skipped over to the survival section and I just managed to keep down laughter at the completely out of character behavior, but when she turned around to shoot me a grin, I realized that it was her intention all along. I followed her to the climbing station as she studied the course. "I'm probably not as good as the eleven girl," she remarked. "But it'll do." I studied her in surprise. So she'd seen Rue too? I didn't know she paid attention to anything other than her knives and laughing at Peeta. Which reminded me… "Why do you hate Peeta so much anyway?" She shrugged. "Not really hate, per se. He's competition – everyone is – and at the end of the day, he needs to die for someone else to live." I felt my heart drop. Was this how she viewed me as well? Competition? She presented me her toothy grin again, which I had begun to associate with the normally cold tribute. "And he's not even interesting like you are." I found myself laughing, even though her comment wasn't even remotely humorous. But there was just this certain way she behaved that made me forget the doubts I should have, and the lightened feeling in my chest that didn't make me feel so suffocated anymore. We spent hours talking, just about anything. The weather in district 2 compared to the one in twelve, funny and interesting events that had occurred through our lives. And she even revealed how outstandingly wacky careers could behave given the right circumstances. "Are all careers like you?" I asked, even though I knew how unique she must be. Clove snorted. "Hardly. I already feel insulted sharing something in common with people like Glimmer, and Cato." We both shuddered then. Really, they were perfect for each other. She looked up to catch my eye and I could see a mischievous sparkle in them. "Any special person back at twelve? Gale perhaps?" I laughed and shook my head. "Maybe we could have had something, but that would be settling. And I don't think either of us would want that." The other girl hummed in thought and nodded, satisfied with my answer. And as if suddenly struck by inspiration, she almost bounced. "It just reminded me, we're both named after plants, how wacked up is that? It's like we're kindred spirits." A giggle escaped me at the complete randomness of it all. "It's like we're meant for each other." "I like how you think," Clove shot me a wink, and instantly this feeling I couldn't make out nestled within me. Perhaps it was always there, but that was the first moment I took notice of it. It was this warmness and flutter that I couldn't place my finger on, so I pushed it aside for the moment. "It's getting really late, or early I guess," she sighed. "Want to go catch a few hours of sleep?" I nodded. I had lost track of the time hours ago, and no doubt, the world would soon be awake. I jumped off the perch I had found above a marble counter at the side of the large room and Clove immediately mirrored my actions. "Good night, Clove," I smiled as we entered the lift and pressed the button for '2'. The elevator whirled to life and carried us back to our respective floors. With a soft 'ding' the double doors retracted and Clove exited. She returned the smile. "Good night, Katniss." My surprise must have shown because she chuckled softly at whatever expression I must have been wearing. With the short wave the doors closed and carried me further up, all the while, a smile stayed plastered on my face. There were many ways that could have been interpreted, but I knew. For all our doubts and fears, we've developed a friendship, regardless of the impending darkness and chaos. And maybe, just maybe, what we had would be able to survive. And perhaps blossom into something more. A:N/2 And this is it :D The title was taken from Somewhere Only We Know by Lifehouse, because I just so happened to be listening to it when inspiration struck, and I find it oddly fitting. Both of them might seem slightly ooc (Clove especially), but I intended it to be a moment where both of them let go of the expectations of society and simply lived. If anyone was wondering, this is a one-shot. Hopefully, you all enjoyed it as much as I enjoyed writing it, and please spare a few moments of your life to tell me how you find this. Even if it's just a short 'Me likey' or 'Me no likey', I would really appreciate it. Thank you all! - Rioshix