himself in the couch, to try and forget what this day has done to him twice. I squeeze his hand before I rise, and walk to the bathroom. Green eyes stare back at me as I examine myself in the tiny mirror. I've got looks that other girls would kill for, but usually I don't make much of an effort with my appearance, not when I know Head Peacekeeper Cray's eyes follow me, especially since I turned 18. He's always seedy whenever I encounter him in the hob, making remarks on my looks that make me consider smashing a bottle over his face. Dad makes his own alcohol, and I sell the leftovers in the hob. Cray is always the first to buy, but I think that's less because of me and more because he's the second biggest alcoholic in District 12, followed closely by my Dad, but widely surpassed by Haymitch, District 12's only living victor. To me, Cray is the human embodiment of disgust, luring young girls to his bed with the promise of money or food. Mostly they're from the Seam, but the last few winters have been very harsh, and I've known many a merchant girl to do the same, including Roma's Celia. He knows, but he doesn't think less of her. The sweetshop makes less money than we do, and Celia is adamant that Emelia not take any tessera, so Roma works hard in the mines and chopping wood so she might one day not have to worry about starving and selling her body to that repugnant man. As revolting as he is, even Cray knows how terrifying the Reaping is for us and knows his bounds. He actually wished me good luck this morning as I sold him a few bottles, reassuring me that my name was only in there few times compared to many others, and gave me a few extra coins. I startle as Mum enters the bathroom, smiling at me. "It's time to go," She says. She's never let any of us see her scared or frightened, she's our rock when Dad has a bad day or night, so when she tells me this, her tone cool and her smile genuine, I calm down and feel the terror subside slightly. I nod and smile at her on my way out of the bathroom and she gives my shoulder a reassuring squeeze. We all head down the stairs and out of the shop together, Dad somewhat reluctantly. They all give me one final hug before I leave them to get processed. I turn to them when I reach the back of the line. Mum's at Dad's side, their arms entwined, Ronan's at the other side, his shoulder being used as an arm rest by Dad. Though they aren't close, he allows it probably because he doesn't trust Dad on his own two feet. Roma's by Ronan's side, and hold Celia's hand as her family stand outside their shop also. A prick of blood later and I'm standing with the other 18 year old girls in our roped off area. I stand with Emelia who grabs my hand and looks somewhat excited. I smile back at her. "Rigby, this is it!" She whispers, squeezing my hand. This is our last Reaping where we'll be eligible to compete, and with neither of us taking any tessera, we're liking our chances. We've been talking about this night for months, both of our families have food prepared at home for a feast tonight to celebrate being out of danger. It also means Roma and Celia can be official, so I'm quite content. Guilt runs through me however, as I remember that two families are going to be closed in their homes tonight, mourning their children who are likely never to return. An exuberantly dressed woman taps on the microphone, bringing me out of my daze as the crowd hushes to silence. I assume she must be District 12's new escort. Ajax Allardyce, our last escort, made quite the show last year when he tripped and fell of the stage. He broke his arm, and on a day such as this, it was quite amusing, yet apparently it didn't go down well with the Capitol. She introduces herself as 'Effie Trinket', yet its obvious she doesn't want to be here. She was probably hoping to get a District that had had a victor in the last 15 years. Yet she holds herself well and as always, with every escort of every district before the actual Reaping, she instructs us to view a presentation of life in the Dark Days, and how the Hunger Games came to be. I zone out, but Emelia nudges me and points to Effie, who I see is passionately mouthing the words to the presentation, as if she's never heard anything better in her life. We both snicker, her hand squeezing mine as we both revel in this last, humorous spectacle before we lose 2 of our District forever. "And the fun begins!" She squeals, in that cringe-worthy Capitol accent everyone mocks. "Of course, ladies first!" Emelia's hand twitches within mine as Effie walks elegantly over to the glass bowl, which holds both our names 7 times. Her hand enters the glass bowl, and she peers in, trying to decide which piece of paper to choose, despite the fact they're all identical. She finally grasps one between two fingers and walks back to the microphone. She unfolds the paper, squinting in the bright light of the sun to read the name clearly. "The female tribute is..." She pauses, as if we're all going to start cheering in anticipation or something. "Rigby-Rey Stone!" For a few seconds I'm confused, not registering that her pink lips have called my name, as I only ever go by 'Rigby'. Emelia's hand spasms and she turns to me, true shock present in her eyes and I ascertain the true extent of what has just occurred. It's me. Fuck.