the door all those years ago, even without having been here once, the scene seemed to be of a horror movie. Brightly colored paintings and dolls, fairy lights dangling above her head, the crystal ball in the center of the table emitting a faint glow. "Who else did you expect, my dear?" And even for a creepy psychic, it's a fair question. So, she sits down, on the edge of the seat, and hands the psychic five dollars. "Change your prediction," she requests. "I can't. I only foresee the future, I don't make it." She sounds sincerely sorry, but Annie isn't buying a second of it; it's strange, she thinks, how she'll believe the entire thing is a con, except for the outcome. "But I want it to be different." "It's inevitable." "How do you remember me?" Annie asks, leaning across the table to see if the psychic has a cheat sheet or something. Anything to explain the air of mystery and the uncertain fluttering in Annie's stomach. "After all these years?" "I am so sorry," she says instead, "for your loss." Annie leaves the tent, no more questions asked, before the psychic can say anymore nonsense, to bury any more lies inside her head. Se can't figure out why her eyes are watering as she leaves, but she knows that she will not allow them to fall. She finds Finnick sitting on a bench, picking at blue cotton candy. He smiles when she sits next to him, offering her the cone, which she declines. Once he's finished the entire thing, so quickly she's not sure if she imagined it being there in the first place, he stands up and holds out his hand for her. "Ferris wheel?" he asks. Her stomach flutters again, this time different from the coolness of the psychic's words, and smiles. Against her wishes, she responds, "As long as you don't try to kiss me." "It's cute." He grins. "How you think you won't fall for me." She already has. 5 They're sitting on the pier; his legs are dangling off the edge, and she's perpendicular to him with her feet pressed against the pier's post and her back against his shoulder. The sun is casting a strange glow on them, making them almost dark against the orange of the sky behind them. But it's impossible to mistake the brightness of Finnick's smiling or the shine of her dripping wet hair. Annie traces over the edges of the photo, hands shaking, as she tries not to cry. It was Bean who had taken the photo from her kayak a couple hundred feet out to sea, not knowing then the significance that it would have now. They had run into each other at the beach, believe it or not, and he immediately took it upon himself to give her, quote, the best beach day ever, unquote. And it was, for the most part. They'd built snowmen from sand, chased each other around the beach, and drew pictures in the damp sand left by the receding tide. (She'd written I love you once, but was sure to make the tide would wash it away before Finnick looked over to her, ready to show her another masterpiece.) The day wasn't supposed to end with him leaving. Granted, he'd asked her to come, and he genuinely wanted her along, to explore the world on the adventure they'd always wanted, and it shattered her when she saw the disappointment in his face when she had to tell him no. "Dad and I are sailing to the end of the Baja California peninsula," he had told her, "and, uh, you're welcome to join us." "Will it take the whole summer?" "Yeah." His head briefly settled on top of hers, but the comforting weight was gone before she had the time to appreciate it. "We should be back right before college starts up." "I can't, Finn," she whispered. "I have plans at the end of July." "Oh. I guess I'll see you in three months, then?" "We'll make something work," she agreed. They spent the next half hour waiting for sundown, neither of them saying a word, neither of them daring to break the silence. Annie wondered if the moment seemed as magical to him as it did to her. When Bean came ashore, waving her camera in hand and boasting of her shots, they finally decided it was time to say goodbye. "See you, Cresta." He smiled at her, once last time, and she can still see his eyes crinkling in the moment. Annie presses her fingers to her lips and remembers when she'd hastily leaned in to kiss him, not trying to make it perfect or special, because she knew that they would never be, but because she had to know what it felt like, at least once, to press her lips to his. "Stay safe," she whispered, before running after her sister before Finnick could say or do anything. The psychic's prophecy was fresh in her mind, more than ever. Five days, five days, five days, she repeated. It was on the news two months later; some fishermen found the boat that was later identified as the Odair's floating upside-down off the coast of Tijuana. Caught in a storm was the general consensus of the cause. No one suggested the fault of a little girl who wandered into the psychic's tent, a smile bigger than the moon on her face, and made the mistake of befriending the best man she would ever know. Tears trip onto the photo, creating a trail one by one, until Annie can't remember why she started crying in the first place because now it's only a jumble of everything wrong in the world and everything she's ever done. (In her mind, the two lists intermingle an awful lot of the time, but the biggest, most jarring mistake that she will never understand, is why, in the end, did she ever walk away from him?)