from behind. The turf looks different when he's on its level. Annie looks different when she's sitting on his chest. Eyes move quickly. Blink, rid of salt and sand, squint against the sun. He watches her, she watches him. "I win," she announces softly. He promptly stands, limbs flying, until she's tilted off balance, supported only by him. Waits. She attempts to climb up his arm. The wave roars up, Annie is dropped into the rushing foam. Finnick runs back home. He knows better than to stick around with a sopping Annie. Lemonade. Peace offering. It's thrust into her hands the moment she notices the door is unlocked for her. Unbeknownst to him, he's smiling, smiling bright, even when a bit of ice comes hurtling towards him. Annie drowns in her lemonade. Glasses are refilled. "I win," Finnick mumbles. She takes his lemonade pitcher. And shadows hide from their light. Or perhaps this: Realization comes in the form of a jab and a call out. Neither one was on Finnick's agenda for that morning, but really, with knowing Mags this long, it should've been. First. A book hitting a shoulder blade. Second. "Not polite." Staring , he fills in. Staring is not polite. Realizations do not come easily. Old mentors do not like explanations. Lifting eyes back up to previous locations is tricky. Pip and Annie. One talking animatedly, the other lying sideways on the porch swing. He wonders why she still bothers with him. He wonders if she knows she's beautiful. Oh. Finnick follows Mags inside. His own house. She's evening out the papers strewn over his coffee table. "Don't touch that." She keeps sorting. Sitting in her way, he catches her attention. Sitting on the couch, she yawns. "What is it?" he asks. "You?" "Me?" "Never get through a conversation like that," she chastises. Mags always chastises. Finnick waits. Finnick never waits. "Why're you inside?" "You are not going to—" "Leave." "—kick me out of my own house." A finish too late. It trails. He makes up for it with "oh." "Bring mashed potatoes for dinner." Finnick leaves. Two steps, three. The last step. Annie is walking back home. A breath, two. He waves. She turns, but he quickens his pace to reach her. Her house. Is anyone where they belong, now? "Why?" he asks. Questions, over time, shorten. Rocks, over time, change. They're standing in a kitchen. A robin peers in. "The world isn't trying to destroy you, Finnick." A laugh bubbles, but doesn't quite reach the air. Miserable laughs are not sounds meant to be heard. "You are, though," she continues. Sometimes reactions aren't necessary. He gives one anyway. "Oh." Repetition, repetition, repetition. "You shouldn't." It doesn't seem that he knows what's going on anymore. Finnick boils water and pulls out the tea. Ignores the girl behind him. Doesn't turn when she wraps fingers around his forearm, softly. The world is too loud. Her head's resting against his shoulder when he notices how close she's gotten, notices how much he doesn't mind. When the water pours from the spout, he makes care to keep the splashing, burning water far from her skin. Mug in hand, she finishes her answer. "I refuse." Flames of a match lick his hand. Annie's fireplace lights. "Which part?" "Refuse to destroy. Be destroyed." "You make it sound easy." "It is." "How?" She settles next to him on the carpet. Her mug watches from the stone of the fireplace. He watches it back. Doesn't look at Annie. Never looks at Annie. Her hands wring. She falls silent. Sometimes, Finnick forgets. Often. Always. He takes her hand, squeezes, and tells her it's all right. They can do something else. They can be something else. The things that hide in brain tissue aren't real. I promise. Smiles are things that lurk. Hers takes time to creep up. "You see?" She's talking to her hands. The mug is, too. "That was easy." He was helping, failing at helping, hopelessly helping. That doesn't count. "That doesn't count." When she smiles this time, it's a secret. He leans closer, eager for an explanation, for more of her sweet words. The world tilts around them. The mug drops, rolling closer, eavesdropping. Bravery. Her fingers press to his cheek, soft as petals, as dew. Checks herself in his eyes. Not brave enough. There is suddenly too much he knows and too much he doesn't. By the time his brain has frantically responded, yelling do something to his nervous system, she's already touched noses with him. Smiles are secrets. Finnick tilts his head. Or perhaps this: Snapshots. Annie brushes her hair back, steals his shirt when he's not looking. Winter beds are cold alone. Innocence. Laughter. Things lead to things and trail in circles. He's stolen away to the Capitol. He keeps her safe. Embraces meet him when he arrives home. So does a storm. Few things are big enough to matter. Most things fall through cracks. They balance. They grow. Finnick is not afraid anymore. But definitely this: Like a pair of lovers that they're still learning to be, they hold each other. The bed is soft and warm. Their feelings are more so. A nightmare. It's what caused her to jerk up. It's what caused Finnick to wrap his arms around her. While the fear runs away from the warmth of his arms, the night closes in and suffocates. She buries farther into him, and a kiss lands on her head. He has become safety. The irony bubbles as laughter in his chest. "I can't breathe," she chokes out. Hands weave through dark locks. "Yes, you can." Breaths calm, time passes. The night relinquishes its hold, so Finnick does, too. "I love you," she whispers, words stark against night air. Hands sit frozen in her lap. Hesitantly, they move to cover his. As he tries to respond, words stick and unstick in his throat. He clears it. Wraps his fingers around hers. Tries again. "And I love you."