her bag and takes a picture—she does that every time she's with him, taking photos of things they see together. They sit on the sand by the waters edge, their legs stretched out in front of them, the water lapping at their heels. It's warm, and their shoes were thrown behind them, and they're alone—Mags stayed in the car, claiming she was too old to walk down to the beach. "It's so quiet," Annie muses. "Still love it?" "So much." She leans back, her head resting on the sand, and Finnick joins her. He closes his eyes, but hers remain open. They only get up when they feel the water reaching farther up their legs. They're in the car before Finnick tells her where they're going. Well, first they're dropping Mags off at her house—she says she's tired, but no one believes her—and then they're going out for dinner. At three o'clock. "It's totally socially acceptable," Finnick tells her, opening up the door to the restaurant for her. "You know, I never did have lunch," she says. "Well, it's too late for that." The hostess looks bored as she smiles and leads them to their seat. Annie gazes out the window, and Finnick asks for a kid's menu. That's the secret restaurants always have: the kids' food is way better than the adults', especially for a not-so-socially-acceptable dinner. "I wish I could come here all the time," Annie admits. "Hey, no being sad," he scolds. He throws his napkin at her, making her laugh. "All right, all right," she says. "Say something happy, then." "You first." "I asked you first." "Have you got proof?" She pulls out her camera and takes his photo. It'll most likely turn out blurry. Finnick can't stop smiling. They talk for what seems like hours; the topic changes rapidly. After the third time a waiter asks if they know what they'd like to eat yet, they decide to look at the menu. Finnick scans his short menu up and down before selecting fish and chips. He looks up at Annie, and she's frowning at her menu. "I can't read it." Finnick laughs, and grabs her menu from her hands. She looks at him, confused. "Oysters," he starts, and Annie smiles. They get their food. Neither of them wants to admit that the day is coming to an end. They exit the restaurant in silence, holding hands. The day is still bright, it's not even evening yet, but it feels dark. Finnick thinks it would be better if it were dark. "I should probably take a bus back," Annie says, her head looking down. "No, I'll drive you," Finnick argues, but he knows there's no point. It'd be better for Annie to take a bus. He sighs. "I'll take you to the nearest stop." "Thanks." The drive is short and quiet. Finnick hates it, but he's got nothing to say. When they arrive, the bus stop is empty. Finnick pulls over and Annie gets out to check the times. "Next bus will be here in fifteen," she tells him. "I'll wait with you." He sits on the bench, which is most likely filthy, and Annie sits next to him—like, next to next to. This time, the silence almost feels peaceful. He counts silently how many cars pass by while they wait. The bus comes far too soon. Annie stands up, securing her bag with one hand. She turns to look at him, and he can read her words in her eyes. "I'll miss you," she says, and she takes something out of her bag. She hands him her camera, ugly and yellow and disposable, and with one spot left for a photo. "And I want you to have this." "Thanks." He can't think of anything better to say. He knows that this would be the perfect time to kiss her, finally, but he can't bring himself to do it. It would only cause him more pain in the end. He doesn't do anything, just stands there, and Annie starts walking to the bus. "Tell me how much New York sucks, okay?" She turns around, her hand on the handle on the bus, and smiles one last time for him. epilogue; and it seems like I've got to travel on They text like mad, back and forth, for the first couple months. Annie tells him everything about her school and the people in it. Once he arrives, he tells her about college. They're naïve to think that things can go on like this. They planned on visiting each other sometime in the fall, but it never worked out. Annie's parents wouldn't let her go back in the middle of the semester, and Finnick didn't have the time or opportunity to leave. There's a large handful of new students at Annie's school, and one of them asks her to the Homecoming dance. She says yes without thinking twice. Annie holds her koala in her hands at Christmas. Her gingerbread cookies are almost done baking, and the house smells like pine needles and holiday cheer. She feels sad, staring at her toy, but then the oven dings and she drops the koala to take her cookies out. A friend jokingly, permanently, deletes all of Finnick's contacts from his phone. He's distraught for a moment, but he knows he can almost everyone's numbers again, and he and Annie don't text that often anymore anyway. By Valentine's Day, she's had a boyfriend for three months. He gives her heart-shaped balloons and a couple dozen kisses—not the chocolate kind. Finnick's cleaning out his dorm room at the end of the year when he finds the disposable camera. He hesitates for a moment before tossing it in the paper bag marked trash. Over summer, she visits her dad. Humphry Slocombe has left the Ferry Building, and her wall has been painted over again. He moves into an apartment with his girlfriend in sophomore year. She studies abroad in England. They never look back.