pink from the water and Katniss sings more, seeing the way her little sister relaxes. Here it's safe, and here it's warm Here the daisies guard you from all harm Here your dreams are sweet and tomorrow brings them true Here is the place where I love you Finished, Prim climbs out and Katniss dries her off before pouring one more bucket into the tub and climbing in. Prim goes into the other room with their mother to give her privacy. Katniss scrubs herself clean before climbing out and toweling off. "I laid my dress out for you." Katniss stiffens at the sound of her mother's voice. She turns, her dark grey eyes guarded and wary as she faces her mother. "It used to be mine." Her mother babbles, trying to fill the silence but Katniss isn't playing along. She knows her mother feels guilt over fading out but she also knows her mother would rather not face it. Her shoulders slumping with defeat, her mother turns to leave. "Thank you." Katniss says, her voice low. Her mother gives her a fleeting smile before hesitating. "I could do your hair?" She offers and Katniss nods curtly. Her mother hurries away for some pins and Katniss pulls on the dress. It is a beautiful light blue color, long but simple. The bow ties around the back and Katniss grimaces, preferring her hunting clothes over a dress any day. Her mother appears in the doorway and Katniss sits down, tense until her mother's gentle tugging finishes. "There. You look beautiful." Katniss stands and peers into the mirror, seeing what was done. Her dark hair was pulled back in braids, pinned into place. "You look perfect, Katniss." Primrose chimed in, smiling happily. Katniss turns, kneeling down to face her sister. "And so do you, little duck." Katniss teases, first tugging then tucking in the little tail of shirt that sticks out in the back. Prim grins, hugging Katniss closely. Katniss pulls out the golden pin and attaches it to the inside of Prim's shirt, right over her heart. "To keep you safe." Katniss says softly, unguarded with little Primrose. Prim smiles for a second before fear darkens her eyes. "Promise it won't be me?" Prim asks softly, her fear reflected in her voice. "I promise, little duck." Katniss replies, fighting to keep her voice steady. She won't let Prim be chosen. "Your name is only in there once. The odds will be in your favor." Katniss says strongly, pulling back and looking at her. Her dark grey eyes are strong as they meet Prim's lighter blue. Primrose smiles, her worries erased as they face their mother. She is already dressed, so they leave and begin the walk to the middle of the District. The crowd all flows in that direction and instead of the celebration the Capitol wants it to be, there is solemn faces and even tears on the faces of younger children. Prim looks so small and fragile, pressed into Katniss's side. Looking around, Katniss sees Gale and his grey eyes glint at her, turned molten silver by the sun. Katniss lets a quick, sharp smile cross her face as they walk and he returns it, carrying one of his younger brothers in his arms. As they walk to the center, Katniss holds tightly to Prim's hand until they are forced to split up. Lines leading to tables where they get their fingers pricked so their names can be entered into the Reaping are crammed full. Prim is ushered ahead by a Peacekeeper in gleaming white armor. Anger burns in Katniss but she is helpless to do anything but call out to Prim. "Go ahead, I'll find you!" Katniss calls and Prim nods, facing forward hesitantly. With a distant sense of fondness, Katniss notes the little tail Prim is sporting has slipped out of her skirt again. That little tuff of shirt is the most adorable thing and she can't help but think the Peacekeepers are monsters for not being swayed by it. Reaching the front of the line, Katniss barely winces as her finger is pricked and she is ushered on. Katniss stands on her tip toes, searching for the little blond but...everyone is crowded together. The girls on one side and the boys on the other. Seeing Gale, Katniss presses her two fingers together and taps them to her shoulder. When he returns the gesture, she relaxes a little. Facing forward, Katniss grimaces as Effie Trinket totters on stage. Haymitch is to her right, swaying drunkenly as he clasps a drink tightly in his hands. The mayor is to the left and he is anxious, searching the crowd for his daughter. "Welcome to the annual 74th Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" Effie calls out, her magenta colored lips making the rest of her face seem unnaturally pale. A video begins playing on the towering screens, surrounding the square and Katniss clenches her jaw. The same video plays every year. It makes President Snow look like a kind and generous leader but the people of District Twelve know otherwise. Katniss mockingly mouths along to the video, knowing every word. She couldn't forget it if she tried. Effie on the other hand, mouths the words with a look of glee and belief in her eyes. Clearly she has been duped by the President. "I just love that!" Effie exclaims once the video is over. "Now, it is time for one wonderful girl and brave boy to be chosen! Ladies first." Effie tottered over to the large glass bowl resting on a pedestal. She swirls her fingers mockingly over the folded names, making a game out of it. She finally reaches right into the heart of the bowl and moves over to the microphone. The rustle of the paper being opened and unfolded echoes loudly over the complete silence. Effie beams and lowers the paper, leaning forward. Not Prim, not Prim, not Prim, not- "Primrose Everdeen!"