holding himself together. Katniss walked upstair, it was unusually quiet. Not bothering knocking she just went straight into Peeta's room. She quickly scanned the room and found her boyfriend in the far corner bedside his bed. He was naked, holding himself and crying quietly. "Oh Peeta." Katniss ran over and took Peeta in her arms. "I'm sorry I don't look very good." Peeta sobbed into Katniss chest as she was holding him closely. "Peeta stop it. You don't know how many people who are jealous of your looks." Katniss scolded mildly. "Yeah sure, I'm shorter than a dworf and stocky as a body builder in some places. I'm sure I look attractive." Peeta started pulling his hair. "I think you look very handsome, doesn't that matter?" Katniss questioned. Peeta sighed. He had finally stopped crying. "I suppose. You're the only one I want." "And you're the only one I want too." Katniss lips soon found Peeta's. They kissed for several minutes before something broke them apart. "Oh." Peeta blushed and tried to hide himself. His penis had woken up by their kissing session and was poking Katniss stomach. "Hush" Katniss smirked and grabbed Peeta's erection. She started to stroke him up and down in long slow strokes. "Mhmm." Peeta's mind was suddenly all fussy. "You're having too much clothes on." Peeta just seemed to realize the unfairness with him being naked and Katniss having all of her clothes on. "Take the off then." Katniss replied with a sly smirk. "My pleasure." Peeta quickly undressed Katniss. Once they both were naked, Peeta grabbed Katniss and threw her over the shoulder like a pack of flour. He walked a few laps around the room with Katniss yelling at him to let her down before throwing her down on the bed. "Let's continue where we left off." Peeta hungrily let his gaze wander over Katniss naked body and he could feel himself twitch with anticipation. "Stop talking." Katniss didn't let Peeta answer before ravaging his mouth with her own. When they both had reached their climaxes and was satisfied they stayed laying down together in the bed. Peeta was holding Katniss who was resting her head on Peeta's strong chest. Her hands tracking down Peeta's body, making soft movement. Peeta was running his hand through Katniss hair. "I want it to be you and me forever." Peeta sighed. "I'm never going to feel the same about anyone else." "I feel the same. I would never be happy again if I lost you." Katniss replied, thinking deeply. Several minutes passed as they were both drifting away in their own minds. These last days made Peeta realize just how much he loved Katniss. He could never compare anyone else to her. She was the one for him. The girl he wanted to marry, grow old and have kids with. The girl he wanted to have small arguments with just to have great make-up sex afterwards. He decided then that he was going to ask Katniss for her hand in marriage as soon as possible. Three day's after Peeta's realization, he went to the Everdeens. Katniss mother was more than willing to give her permission to Peeta. She knew that even though they were only 16 years old, they were soulmates. Destined to be together. "I know you'll make her the happiest woman in the world." Mrs. Everdeen smiled lovingly at Peeta. "I hope so, I promise to take care of her if she'll let me." Peeta said nervously. "I know my daughter. She truly loves you with all her heart." Mrs. Everdeen assured. "Thank you, it means a lot to me." Peeta smiled cheerfully and waved goodbye. 6 months later Peeta and Katniss was having a picnic in the meadow again, just like the one on their 6th month anniversary. Only that they now celebrated being an official couple for 1 year. There were no flowers or grass this time. Instead there was the most breathtaking snow landscape eye's had seen. Frost was covering the trees, making them glow. Snow was covering the ground and the environment and it was like a dream. A magical ice dream. Peeta cleared his throat, capturing Katniss full attention just as they had stopped eating. "Are you nervous?" Katniss questioned, seeing Peeta fiddling around, not staying still. Peeta didn't answer. Instead he grabbed something from his inner jacket pocket. He carefully opened the lid and presented Katniss with the simplest yet most beautiful gold band she'd ever seen. It had one small diamond in the middle, not something too extravagant but perfectly for Katniss who liked simple things. Katniss stared at Peeta with wide, shiny eyes as he sat down on the snow on one leg. "Katniss, you're my best friend and my lover. I know you're the most caring and beautiful girl I've ever going to meet and someday you'll make one man extremely happy. I hope that one day, I will be that man. So, Katniss Everdeen, will you marry me?" Peeta finished and stared right into Katniss eyes. Peeta's gaze held so much love but also a little bit of fear and hope. Katniss didn't let him wait too long. She threw herself at her boyfriend and yelled "YES!" Hi guys! This is the first time I'm trying this thing called one-shot. It's also the first time I write something rated M so please be considerate while reading. I've followed The Hunger Games since book 1 was published but it's recently that I've seemed to grow an obsession for the series, I just can't get enough… This story just came to me after re-watching and re-reading the stories for the millionth time in a row :) Please let me know what you think of this, I appreciate any kind of response! Also if you want me to write about something else feel free to put down a suggestion, it's always easier to write when you have something to go after. And thanks for reading! Love /Twiiliighter