calm her shudders and deafening sobs. Our mother sits beside us, curling her arms around us both. Right before the peacekeepers come to take my family away from me, Prim makes me promise that I'll try my hardest to get back home. I swear that I will more out of comfort to my sister than to convince myself that I can actually make it back home alive. I turn to my mother and make her swear on my father's grave that she won't clock out again no matter what she sees on the television. Even though, Mrs. Everdeen looks like she's about to burst into tears like Prim had, she stays strong and agrees to this. I pull her into a deep hug and tell her that I love her and how sorry I am for leaving her. I pull back and I can see in my mother's eyes that she knows that I don't really think I can win this. "You can do this. I believe wholeheartedly that you can win." Next it's Madge who walks in. I didn't really expect her to come and say goodbye. We've paired up when we had to do a project, we stuck together for gym, and we sat together at lunch, but I've never really thought about the mayor's daughter being my friend. After Madge hands me a gold mockingjay pin and a hug, I realized that maybe we just kind of became friends without notification; it was just kind of an unknown agreement. After Madge, it's Mr. Mellark to come in. We don't say much, he hands me a bag of cookies and promises to look after my family while I'm gone, then we just kind of stay there in an awkward silence until the peacekeepers come to tell him to leave. It isn't until he leaves that I realize that he said 'while I'm gone'. Did that mean that he believed that I would make it home to take care of her family? Did he have that much faith in me? Did people really believe that I would be able to kill all of those innocent people and win the games? Why would he tell me that I would win when his own son is coming in there with me? Gale is the last to come and visit. As soon as he's in the room and the doors close, he opens his arms. I don't hesitate to run into them. Even if there's nothing romantic about our relationship, his embrace is comforting and assuring. After a moment of silence, he begins to tell me last minute advice, not that I'm listening to any of it. Instead, I just soak up his scent, and hope it will be enough to stay in my memory for the amount of time that I have left on this planet. Eventually, his babbles cease (Neither one of them was ever really good with words). He puts his hands on my shoulders and pulls me back to an arm length distance. He stares into her eyes with something I can't really describe. The look is unfamiliar to me. I'm sure it's familiar, but I can't seem to remember where I've seen this look before. "Katniss," He says intensely, making sure I understand every word. "You have to come back to us. To Prim. To your mother. To District 12. To me ." During this short period of time, he has pulled me closer to him, his grip on my shoulder have tightened almost painfully. His eyes are now full of pain, making it extremely hard to look at him knowing that I caused most of it. I want to look away but I can't. Our noses and forehead are millimeters from touching. Then, he starts to lean closer. My eyes widen, afraid of not being able to figure Gale out. Now I'll never get to know what he was going to do, because at that exact moment the door to the room fly open and two peacekeepers come in to take Gale away from me. Suddenly, all of the terror tumbles on top of me, creating a big weight on my chest, making it immensely hard to breathe. The peacekeepers come closer, ordering Gale to get out before they have to start using force. But I have other plans. I wrap my arms around Gale's waist, creating a death grip on him, screaming at them to let him stay with me. Eventually, after the peacekeepers get fed up with trying to pry us apart from each other, and they give up. Or at least I think they did. I look up at Gale, who is smiling down at me in silent victory. I can't help but smile back at him. He leans in again. Just when his lips brush mine, they come back, this time there is a third with them. He carries something in his hand, hidden from my view. I shrink back into Gale's chest, hoping that soon I'll wake up from this horrid nightmare. I'll wake up on my old worn-out mattress with Prim sleeping soundlessly beside me. I'll get out of bed and go hunting or to school. Yes school. Even though I hate that place, I would much rather have to spend an extra eight hours for a whole year if it meant that I would be able to stay here with my family and Gale. There is a soft prick in my arm, and then everything goes black. Whoah! First chapter! What did you guys think, huh huh, whatcha think of this? Please excuse my weird behavior...I may or may not be a little delusional right now. I've been playing around with this idea for a while, not quite sure what to think of it quite yet...tell me what you think in your reviews that you will leave. If you don't I will hide underneath you bed. Jk. Seriously review though, I'm dying to know what you guys are thinking.