never would but tortures him in delightfully calling in him "Pearly" in front of anyone she can. There have been bad times of course... On one of her visits back to the city, Effie'd been trying to ease some of the guilt and grief from her heart and had gone to the memorial of the Mansion Bombing with flowers and condolences as she had done many times- only to wake in hospital the next morning with a very worried Haymitch at her bedside and no memory too blacking out at the site. It seemed odd to her why it should have affected her so and tried to brush it off. Then Katniss, of her own accord on Effie's return, had walked right up to her ex escort on the station and without a word, hugged her tightly. Effie hugged her back and both just stood long embrace, both of them in tears. neiter mentioned it again. On a separate trip, a nightmare had Effie screaming so loud had the hotel staff had had to break the door to room down thinking she was being attacked. another time was finding the once close cousin she thought had perished who as it turned didn't want anything to do with her. and occasional scowl or worse, praise if her face voice or name, be it Trinket or _ were recognised, something that happened no matter where she was. The very worst however was one afternoon when out of nowhere a tin of paint been flung, can and all, in her face. Effie had stumbled back and stood in shock in the middle of the street. She was bleeding from where the tin had hit her and the Gold gloss dripped from her hair, thick and sticky dolops down her sholders from her arm, the taste and smell making her choke. All while her attacker screaming how they'd all been better off before the rebellion, how the war was her mockingjay's fault, a dead child and a lost family, how Snow a true leader a great man and calling her a traitor a whore all the names under the sun being being tackled to the floor by a coffee shop barista and carted of Payors replacement for the peacekeepers, who took Effie back to her hotel to clean up and take her stement. Effie had hoped to keep that from Haymitch. She failed misable, ended up crying on the phone when she'd called him that night and had to talk instead but she'd had played it down as much as she could. But such a shock after of peace and how the_ had in broad daylight, it had made the headlines and gained more momentum when Effies name was mentioned. She didn't feel like she could go out and enjoy her break in peace. Reporters started calling the hotel, phoning her husband and rather than wait for the dust to settle Effie on the next train home and spent the rest of her week off curled up on the sofa or pacing a whole jumble of emotions. Her family where both furious and worried. This is why its dangerous, you shouldn't have gone alone, what if they'd had a knife? She really wished that last one hadn't been said. Oddly Effie was more angry at Prutoch for plastering the cctv on everything then she found she was for the shouting angry stranger for staining her clothes and her shopping bags. (she'd rip the blouse up for rags for peeta's oils and brushes, while Sal's granddaugher would christen her new teddy Sunshine and would love it dearly despite Effie's appogising for it's funny coloured washed out fur.) But not even in twelve where she had she faced such behaviour and for a while Effie wasn't sure if she'd even return or if Haymitch would let her do so. But she did. On the whole people were pleasant. Naturally so not the hideously fake way they once had to all injure and she tried not to let the past haunt her as it once did. if Katniss could survive two hunger games and a war, a tin of paint and bad manners wasn't going to beat Effie into submission. So Effie did what she always had and Focuses on presents, and her team , having a fabulous time and remembering how on the same day as the paint incident a little boy came over while she was sat in a café and told her boots with the red laces were Nice. Every so often Effie is homesick for the Cap She does everything she wants and needs to. She has her hair trimmed at Flavius' salon ( just neatened perhaps a colour rinse ) and her short neat nails manicured and expertly painted , Catching up with any paperwork that needs to be sent to twelve and arranging deliveries. but after a week or weekend of shops and lunches, Fabulous food, fabulous wine, massages, and spa treatments, Dodging the traffic and the crowds, galleryies and shows, Effie will flop down on the strange bed, the hotel matress, all worn out by it all very much in need of a break from her break. More importantly Effie will find herself missing the stars, the quiet and slower pace , the meadow and the woods, and cleaning the house, som many little things and not so little, like the children and of course Haymitch. Drunken gruff cranky messy Haymitch- the most loving caring husband she could have ever hoped for. Every so often, Effie will find she is homesick for the Capitol. So once in a while, Effie will find her way back to Capitol. And then just as easily once the glamour wears thin, Effie will find she's homesick yet again and make her way back to Twelve a place called she's home for so long, it pulls on her heart. Because she comes back to Haymitch and the home they've both made. Effie always comes back.