thought I've pulled on some boots and run out the door. I don't stop running until I'm outside. I can't even understand why I am here, or even how I got here. I suppose subconsciously it's because this is the closest I'm going to get to the woods. I push my way through the brown double doors and I am overwhelmed by the stench of sweat. I have been in the mines back at District 12 but they were much narrower than the one I am in now. Straight in front is an elevator that is the primary way down. My hands begin involuntarily shaking; just as they always do. Only when I am about to step into it do I notice the stairs beside it, without a second thought, I make my way down those instead. When I get to the bottom of I am surprised at the difference in size. The mine has been dug out wider than I thought was possible, making it an underground warehouse size. As I step further in lights, begin automatically turning on, illuminating the space. Everything looks so similar to the Training Centre back in the Capitol. To my far left is an area cut off by thin mesh netting with board cut outs of human figures at the end of a twenty metre stretch. The edge of the wall is covered in throwing knives, spears and bows. Beside it dummies hang from the ceiling, some with chunks missing out of them. Near them is a stand with a variety of hand held weapons: swords, axes, tridents and even sickles. Straight in front is a massive floor mat with patches of dark red stains. To my right a small section seems to be offering survival skills and a seating area. Without thinking I go over to the area with bows and quickly pick the closest one to mine back home. I quickly place sheath of arrows over my shoulder and place one into the bow. As I pull back the bow string a smile escapes onto my lips. I let it fly into the heart of the target meters away; reloading with ease, I turn and place one into the dummies behind me. I feel powerful but at the same time stupid. Even so I keep shooting at different targets, each one hitting the mark it's sent to. A clapping noise behind me startles me and without thinking, I turn and pull back the arrow, aiming straight at the source. A tall boy holds his hands up in mock surrender; the smirk on his face persuades me to keep aiming at him. As my eyes really adjust to him, I can see that he is not much older than I am. He is wearing plain black top and loose shorts. If I look closer, I see the number ten embroidered onto the upper left of his top. "You shouldn't be here." His voice is deep and harsh, carrying across the space between them with ease. "Why not?" I ask, raising my eyebrow to him. My fingers flex around the bow but I do not let it drop from my aim. "You shouldn't have won, you're pathetic." He says, the disgust in his eyes enflames me, "A real victor died because of you." His words make my stomach twist, immediately I realise who he is on about. I squeeze my eyes shut to try to shake the images flashing through my brain out. "It was his fault." I try to match his aggressive tone but I know that my attempt was just as pathetic. "You're not a killer; you don't deserve to have everyone know your name. He should be in your shoes." He laughs, his smirk growing. "You think I wanted any of this? You think I wouldn't give anything to go back to how my life was before. I would rather be starving to death than know what I've done." I shout at him. How dare he think that? My grip tightens now, my knuckles begin to turn white but still I refuse to lower. "See, you should have just died in that arena and let someone who knows how to be a true victor win." He lowers his arms laughing, "You may have won but you're still worthless, you're still scum to us." His words hurt me, my temper flares and without thinking of the consequences, I let the arrow fly. His eyes widen when he realises what I have done. Its only when the arrow sticks to the wall behind him that he realises that it was a warning to him. By the sounds of it, he's not stupid; he has seen that I can shoot with pinpoint accuracy. His hand lifts up to the side of his neck and I can see the bright crimson on his fingertips when he brings it back to his front. "You'll pay for that, Scum." He made a move to come towards me but was stopped by a shout from an older male. I look behind him, to the bottom of the stairs, and recognise an older victor from this district. I shove my way past both of them and begin running back to the house. I crash through the door not worrying about the amount of noise I have created. I feel my body slump down the door and tears start streaming down my face. Long time no see! I have no idea where this idea has sprung from but it has, I can't promise regular updates, when it happens it happens; however, I will try to actually keep writing this story unlike my other one. I do have a slight plan for the next few chapters but I don't quite know where this story will end up, quite exciting huh? I hope you liked the start of this anyway, any questions or things you're not sure about - message me. Please leave a review, any suggestions are welcome! Tara x