tough." Not wanting to ruin this moment with my attitude, I simply mumble, "You don't even care about your own life?" He shrugs, pulling away from me. I finally notice the hunting bag he has thrown over his shoulder carelessly. "You did not walk around with that, did you?" I say instantly, worry flanking my features. "Maybe, maybe not," he replies easily, sitting down across from me. His careless appearance bothers me. "You can't walk around with that," I say after a few moments of silence, shaking my head. "You gotta be more careful about this stuff, Jazz. Do you know what they will do to you if they catch you with that thrown over your shoulder?" He shrugs loosely, smirking a little. "Who says they'll catch me? I got long legs. I can run." "They can, too." I continue to shake my head, annoyed. "They can and will kill you, Jazz." For a moment, as if he's thinking, he bats his eyelashes innocently. "My, my, Miss Thomas. Keep talking like that, and I might get the assumption that you care about lil' old me." This makes me laugh a little, kicking his shin lightly. "Stupid. Wouldn't want anyone thinking that, now would we?" He winces, looking at me with a playful look dancing within his light, precious grey eyes. "Silly. So, what do you want out of this?" He sets the hunting bag in his lap, looking through it with careful hands. "I have some beavers and a squirrel. Gave fish to the Hob." He hands a couple of coins to me, placing them in my palm. "I also got a loaf of bread, if you want it." I smile lightly, clutching onto the coins before setting them aside myself, on the table. "So, Miss Thomas," he says, eyes twinkling, "Take your pick." I choose a medium-sized beaver reluctantly, asking quietly, "Maybe we can split the loaf?" He shakes his head, tossing the large loaf on the table. I fluster, asking him to at least split it, but he grins wildly, shaking his head. "Okay. So, we each got meals for tonight. Great." I smile lazily. He looks at me with a quiet grin, chuckling softly. "Jazz!" comes my little sister's voice, and then the gentle noises of her small feet dashing over to him. "Well, hello there, Little Monkey." Jazz chuckles at her excitement, despite the day she's going to be put through. "Why're you here so early?" she questions, calming down and crawling up into my lap. So small.. "It's 11:00am. And, today is the Reeping, silly goose." His words are chilling. At least, the way he set them in the sentence. Glaring towards him, he shrugs loosely. "No need to lie, is there?" My little sister seems to freeze in my arms, realization dawning on her. "Geo, it's okay," I insist gently, giving her a smile. "Your name is only in there once, out of, what, 100 slips?" I repeat what Jazz told me so long ago; he stiffens lightly, most likely remembering that day. "Ye-Yeah, okay," she agrees, reluctantly. "Okay. Should I go get Mom up?" She glances over at the clock. Slowly, I nod. "Probably for the best. We have to go in three hours." She gets up, scampering to the bedroom to wake up my mom. Eyeing him carefully, I say, "How're you supposed to get home with that hunting bag? You shouldn't have stayed so late." Shrugging lightly, he throws a grin my way. "Didn't I tell you that I can run? Simple." Frowning, I really don't like this idea. "Jazz, it isn't smart. The Peacekeepers have weapons." "And? Again, I can run. They won't catch me." He bats his eyelashes innocently, linking his ankle with mine. "Are you afraid that I won't make it back home, Miss Thomas?" "A little," I admit, warily. "You know what they'll do. You - .. We've seen it too many times." He makes a soft noise of agreement, shaking his head. His nose twitches cutely, as if he's about to sneeze. Like a rabbit he's seen so many times. I've only seen a dead one, so I wouldn't know what the little ones would look like, hopping around with their nose twitching. He's told me about the rabbits in The Meadow once. Most of them are small little things, with soft, silky fur. Small, pink noses that twitch like crazy. They hop around a lot; they're fast little critters, he says, which makes it even more difficult to catch them. "Alright, Alyssa," he says gently, tugging on one of my dark, brown hair strands, watching it bounce back into place when he lets go of it. He stands up. "Gimme a hug before I leave your ass." His voice is teasing. "Shh," I hiss to him, looking around, "Geo is only 9. She doesn't need such foul language." Despite this, it's said half-heartedly. He shakes his head, chuckling softly as he pulls me into his arms. His chest is warm. Really warm. When did he get so tall, so muscular? I'm usually not the one for hugs, or any real physical contact, but when it's with Jazz or Geo, you know I'd run to them in a heartbeat. "I'll see you later," he promises me, giving my shoulders a small squeeze. I rest my cheek upon his warm chest, sighing softly. "Kay," I agree, reluctantly letting go once his grip loosens. He hesitates before smirking lightly, tucking that one, loose strand of hair behind my ear once more. "Don't worry," he murmurs, as if he's reading my thoughts, "You'll be okay, Alyssa." I nod, despite not believing it. He must've read my mind, because his next words are so carefully put. "I promise." A/N: That chapter is done, done, done, done! Woo-hoo! Took a week, but it's done~! By the way, school just ended for me, so I will have time to take requests and update chapters much quicker than before! Don't forget to review.