cracking soil beneath my feet. Peeta gets off from the car and stands beside me, offering his hand silently and I take it without any complaint. My brain disconnects from my body and I do every move obliviously, walking towards the building, ascending the stairs towards the balcony, and standing in front of the whole crowd of District 12. The anthem plays and it drags me back to the surface. I've been drowning in my own thoughts up to this moment and quickly realize that I haven't been thinking about what I'm going to say in my speech. My palm feels sweaty and Peeta seems to notice that. He turns to look at me and leans down to whisper in my ear. His voice is like a bucket of ice water that revives my soul as he tells me to hold on. It's just a simple word but it had successfully regained my strength back and I give him a little smile to show my gratitude. He squeezes my hand as we walk in unison to the podium, where Mayor Undersee stands proudly as he greets us and publicly introduces the victors of 74th Annual Hunger Games to the whole Panem. I can see the cameras from every angle and it is no doubt that this event will be broadcasted throughout the country. I try to smile, casting my eyes across the whole field of people below me. I can see my mother and Prim along with Gale and his family sitting on the left corner of the provided space for the victors' family. I turn my gaze to the right and there's Peeta's family, his parents and 2 brothers are looking at my direction. I smile at them and flicker my gaze towards Peeta to find his warm eyes staring back at me. I don't know how long he's been in that position and I can feel the heat starting to creep under my cheeks. I bow my head to avoid his penetrating gaze and try to focus myself back to the more important task in front of me. I'm about to make a memorable speech and instead I'm here with these raging emotions inside me, thinking of how captivating his eyes are. The speech is going on a slow pace. As usual Peeta steps up and begins a heart warming speech as I stand beside him, fidgeting his fingers with mine. My mind goes haywire and my throat feels dry. I'm about to pass out if Peeta doesn't support me with his firm grip around my hand. As he finishes, he looks at me and gives me an encouraging nod. I try to return the favor but fail at the attempt as I step into the podium, standing closely to him. Suddenly he does something that surprises me. He takes the microphone in his hand and speaks on my behalf, pouring all of my feelings into a melodious speech that leaves everyone breathless, including me. I stare at him blankly, unable to express my guilt for putting him in this situation. I feel horrible, letting him do all of the speech on his own, but I can't find my voice until he finally wraps up the oration and settles the microphone back to the stand. I hold his arm, trying to prevent him from leaving the podium and tell him that I want to share my own words as well. He smiles at me, spreading infinite warmth throughout my entire body as I let out a few words that seem to flow swiftly from my mouth. As I finish, I lean over and give Peeta a soft kiss on his cheek. Not for the audience, but for the unbearable feelings of gratitude that I have for him. Peeta gazes at me, making me believe that he has forgiven me. It gives me a leap of faith but as we step inside the Justice Building, his expression turns solemn and slowly his hand releases its grip from mine. He is about to walk away when I reach his arm, holding him into place as I walk around to face him. "Wait." I say, swallowing pass the lump in my throat as I try to let the words flow through my lips. "I just want to say, thank you, for saving me out there." He nods approvingly and breaks away from my grasp. "Wait." I try to stop him again, but this time I don't know why I did it. It was an impulsive action and I stand stiffly as he turns around and looks at me. "Look, Katniss.." he pauses for a moment before continuing his words. "It's just for the audience. I didn't want to make you look bad out there. But we haven't solved the problem yet. This is not the solution." I taste the bitterness in his words and wrap myself with my arms possessively. "I know." I reply in an inaudible tone, looking down to see the tip of my shoes over the wide hem of my pastel dress. There's a long stretch of silence between us before Effie bolts through the door with Haymitch following from behind. She greets us excitedly and hurries me to the door, reminding that there are still lots of other things to do before I can get a proper rest at night. The day has just begun and I've already felt the dread towering above me, weighing on my shoulders until I can't breathe. As we walk into the blinding light of flashing cameras outside the building, Peeta offers me his hand and I have no other choice but to take it with mine. It feels like we're back to square one again, with the empty affections and warm gestures that are filled with twisted lies and pretensions. I feel sick of it, knowing that I'm tangled in this endless charade of doom. The game is not over yet. It is only the beginning. Thank you for reading! ;)