grin spread across her face as I begrudgingly continue the conversation. "Rye Mellark." I'm caught off guard by the sound of Mellark , but quickly recover. I know that Peeta has two brothers. Rye is Gale's age. I find my voice. "Really? Rye?" "Yes. Rye," she confirms, nodding her head. "I didn't know that you and Rye talked," I say to her, raising an eyebrow. She gives me a slightly distressed look. "Well, that's just it… we don't. Not really. I mean, of course I've spoken to him before, but not for more than a few minutes." "Then how do you know that you like him?" I ask her, frowning. I'm surprised to find that I'm actually interested in the answer to this question. "I don't know," she said, shrugging. "He's always been nice when I've bumped into him. He's really funny, too! Not to mention, he's nice to look at." She finished her sentence with a giggle. I think I'm still staring at her like she has two heads. "Oh, come on, Katniss!" she says. "You mean to tell me that you've never found anyone attractive? What about Gale?" "Gale's my friend," I protest. "That doesn't mean you can't think he's attractive," she points out. I don't respond, though I know that she's right. She shakes her head incredulously at me. "Well, anyway," she says, brushing forward in the conversation. "I only brought all this up because I need to ask you a favor." "You need to ask me a favor about Rye?" I question. I can't see where this is going. "Yes," she says simply. "I want to ask Rye over. Will you come?" "Me, you and Rye?" I say doubtfully. I may be a little socially awkward, but I know enough to realize that wouldn't be much fun for any of us. "Of course not," she said, laughing. "I was hoping you could bring Gale, too." "Gale doesn't like Rye," I respond quickly, before she can get ahead of herself. "They don't get along at all." "Really?" she says questioningly. "I didn't know that. Why don't they like each other?" "I'm not really sure," I shrug. "Gale always calls him an ass when he gets brought up. They ignore each other when we trade at the bakery." "Oh," she says, her face falling slightly. "I was really hoping that you'd be able to come. I'd be a lot more comfortable with you there." "I'm sorry, Madge." And I really am. I wouldn't have minded, if Gale was there. It's only a moment before her eyes light up again, and I brace myself for what she's about to say. I have an odd feeling it won't be to my liking. "Katniss…" she says slowly, looking into my eyes. Yep, she's definitely going to ask me to do something that I won't want to do. She knows it. She goes on anyway. "Why don't you still join us? Just bring a different boy – " "No way, Madge," I respond quickly, shaking my head. "First of all, there isn't a single boy that I'm comfortable around other than Gale. Second of all, there isn't a single boy that's comfortable around me except Gale." I see her smile. Apparently I haven't managed to deter her. "There has to be someone ," she says, touching a finger to her cheek in thought. Suddenly, her grin widens. "I know!" she exclaims. "Katniss, what about Peeta?" I feel myself freeze at her suggestion. "Absolutely not," I say. That cannot happen. "But why not?" she asks, her eyes meeting mine. "What's wrong with Peeta? I think it's a great idea! Peeta's one of my friends, Katniss. He's Rye's brother and he's a really nice guy. Not to mention he's quite the looker." She doesn't giggle like she did when describing Rye. "And he gets along with just about anyone. He even talks to you sometimes." "Barely," I respond, trying my best to escape the corner she's backing me into. "Only when I trade with the baker." "Katniss," she says firmly, reaching over the arm of her chair to grab my hand. "Katniss, I'm begging you. Please, please do this for me! Just this once, and I swear I'll never ask you for anything ever again." I can't believe Madge is doing this to me. I shoot her my most lethal glare, but I know it's no use. She'll just pester me until I say yes. With a frustrated sigh, I begrudgingly admit defeat. "I can't believe you're going to make me do this," I growl, ripping my hand away from her and crossing my arms across my chest. Her eyes widen as she realizes that I've surrendered. "Thank you, Katniss!" she exclaims, grinning from ear to ear. "It won't be so bad, I promise. You might be surprised. Maybe you'll even have fun… imagine that – you actually having fun for once." I send her another glare, although I know she's teasing. Part of me is petrified that I've gotten pulled into this situation. Seeing Peeta outside of trading and school is the most terrible idea, yet Madge is going to make it happen. "When?" I ask her, my voice still grumpy. "After school on Friday!" she says happily. "I'll cook us a meal. Maybe we'll watch a movie on the projector. It will be fun, Katniss, you'll see." "Wonderful." AUTHOR'S NOTE: Alright! Anyone make it this far? I hope so! I had fun writing this, and I'm looking forward to continuing it. This chapter seemed pretty basic, but I assure you there will be much Peeta/Katniss to come! If you enjoyed it, hated it, or are somewhere in the middle, please REVIEW and let me know what you think! It's not that hard, and it really helps me become better as a writer. Plus, it absolutely makes my day to read your reviews, because I'm weird like that. So yeah, REVIEW! I'll let you guys go now. See you next chapter. Happy Reading!