big he is and he is big. But I slowly turn so I can get a hold of him. He is hot and big and so hard. I freeze when I feel Peeta stirring next to me and pushing himself agains my palm. "Now this is a nice surprise." he says groggily and wraps his arms around me better. I blush and press my forehead into his chest. He smells like cinnamon and I close my eyes, deciding I'll enjoy myself to the fullest, in case he decides this is just a one time thing. So I wrap my hand around his shaft and start to pump it slowly. "Mmhm." Peeta sighs. "Your hand feels so good." he says and I feel bolder, tugging his boxers down. Soon I get a glimpse of him in his full glory. And it's a marvelous sight. His tip is glistening with a few drops of his arousal and I lick my lips at the sight. His girth is impressive and it looks like my hand barely covers half of him. "You can't do that." Peeta says and I freeze. "You can't lick your lips and not make me think about those lips touching me." I smile and start to decend down to lick away the drops, but Peeta stops me. "I really want you to do that, but there is something I must do before I can let you do that." I lift my eyes and Peeta takes a hold of my jaw, bringing his lips to brush mine. I shudder and try to control my breathing. I can't believe I'm kissing Peeta. His soft, plump lips press against mine and I lick his bottom lip. Before I know it, he is on top of me, kissing me passionately, palming my breasts and pushing himself against my core. I moan and push my hips against him. "We need to slow down." Peeta mumbles into my ear. "I still need to taste you and I most definately need your lips on me." I moan into his mouth and grab his face, bringing it to my breasts. "Okay." I sigh and I feel him smile against my stomach on his way to the apex of my thighs. I hold my breath when I first feel his tongue swipe across my folds. "Aaaa." I sigh and it seems to encourage Peeta. He slips his finger inside of me and his tongue is like a whirlwind against my clit. I start to feel my orgasm rise and I moan loudly. "I'm gonna come!" I yell before I feel my insides cramp around Peetas fingers as I rode my orgasm. I whine and moan and trash around when he continues to lick me to the end of my spasms. "oh god.." I sigh and hear Peeta chuckle. "That's the first time anyone has called me God." I smack him in the chest and smile. "I'd watch the jokes if I was interested in getting a bj. Peeta's face drops and I laugh at him. But then I look him in the eye and start to decend again and this time he doesn't stop me. I lick his tip, tasting the drops of his arousal and feel him pushing himself against my lips. His fingers run trough my now wild hair and I open my mouth to slowly dip his tip between my lips only to withdraw soon after. I hear Peeta moan in disappointment and I do it again and again, evey time taking him a little bit deeper until he hits the back of my throat. I wrap my hand around the part of him that doesn't fit inside my mout and pump it up and down. Peeta makes the most delicious noices as I suck him. He tastes salty and delicious. I wish I could suck him off, but I soo feel his hand drag me upwards. "I need you. Are you okay with that?" he asks. I don't know if he means me being okay with him wanting me or him taking me but either way, I'm delirious about it. I just kiss him hard and push him on his back. I climb on top of him and take him into my hand. "You're clean right?" I ask him and he bobs his head. He swallows hard and presses his eyes shut as I start to glide down his shaft, pushing him all the way inside me. I feel so full, and I tell that to Peeta. He just chokes and swallows and smiles. I think he is again close to coming. Soon I feel him starting to move, and I start rocking back and front on top of him. I bite my lip when Peeta starts to fondel my breasts as I ride him slow and steady, swiweling my hips once in a while. Soon I feel my orgasm rising, which is weird since I never come during penetration but I welcome it and bite my lip when it hits me. Before I know it, I'm on my back, thrown by Peeta, who is now fucking me senceless while my orgasm just keeps on going. I scream as Peeta starts rubbing my clit while slamming into me. I come again and feel Peeta freeze as he empties himself inside of me. We catch our breaths for a while before Peeta wraps his arms around me again. Then I let sleep take me, without a care in the world. In the morning I wake up to Peeta nudging me awake. I smell sweet syrup and am wide awake. Peeta made me breakfast, which could indicate that he doesn't hate me and maybe last night wasn't just for one night. The pan cakes on the tray are soon forgotten when I sit up and the falling blanket reveals my bare breasts and Peeta crawls on me. I sigh with content and loose myself in him. THE END Thanks for reading, let me know what you thought!