that's why she thought she was flying. It's too dark to tell where they are, but he sets her down in a cold bed and that's enough for her. In the dark, she can see the light reflecting off his skin where his collarbone and chest are exposed. She hums to let him know she's awake, rubbing her eyes, smearing thick makeup on her fingers. "Where did we go?" "The Training Center," he says softly. It's so quiet. He hovers by her bed. Eventually, she asks him to stay. And he does. They lie down with their clothes on, but it makes her feel warm and overworked like bread that's been kneaded too much. She spends the silence working up the nerve. He takes her hand without her having to ask, which she likes. She wonders how he can read people so well, even when he doesn't know her, even in the dark. "I've never," she begins, but she can't finish. "What?" "I've never fucked anyone." "You shouldn't have to." "They'll kill Prim, won't they? They'll kill her." "If you refuse," he says. "They killed my brother." It stings to hear it, makes her chest tight, makes her eyes water. She chokes on the air as a sad breath fills her lungs. She coughs, turning her head away from him. She curls into a position where her back is pressed against his side. He turns to tuck her to him, warm and soft with Capitol skin treatments. She shifts until it's right. She doesn't know if it's right. He is so reluctant, so slow about it, not at all like Gale. She thinks that maybe he doesn't want to. She's moving her hips in circles against him, asking him in a hushed and desperate voice that she'll regret using later, "Show me how to do it." He presses his forehead into her back, breathing, breathing, kissing the place between her shoulders so softly, it's like his lips are just ghosts. Then he kisses the oddest of places; her wrist, her hairline, her hip, and never her lips. The rest is fast. He slides off the dress as she closes her eyes, listens to the whisper of skin and fabric, thinking of Peeta's skin sliding with hers in the sleeping bag. He sits up, taking off his shirt with the kind of practice a man like Finnick has. She sits up with him. She kicks the dress off the bed. She's naked and it's no longer so warm. In his eyes, she doesn't find desire, and she doesn't hear his breath catching in his throught the way Gale's did. Somewhere inside her, there's guilt for what happened with Gale, but for now there's this. His hands on her legs, pushing them apart. He uses his fingers first, then slides in between her and starts pushing himself, keeping a hand on her the whole time. It hurts worse than skinny fingers that she's used to, but he goes slow. And then faster. He asks her to move her hips in circles like she did before, he says that it feels better when she fucks herself on him, when her hips meet his half way. He tells her where to touch, where to squeeze, and she does it all with shaking fingers. It's too dark to see his face when he comes, but she hears him stutter. He hangs his head against her breasts to catch his breath, sliding out of her and making her wince. She doesn't come. Maybe it's better that she deny herself that. She doesn't feel the complacency she felt when it was just a man's fingers. Now, feeling her thighs slick with Finnick, she wonders why the hollowness is still there. They go back into their sleeping positions, with her side pressed against him, only now they're naked and their skin sticks together with sweat and come, with sadness and pity. She lets him hug her, trying not cry. It shocks her. She was never this weak. He whispers, "Don't be scared." Maybe it would have been better if Cato held out longer, and he would be the one made a whore. She worries over the strangers that she will have to do this with. She wonders if they will hold her after like Finnick is holding her, like a friend. He never kisses her and that's how she knows there is someone, that someone, at home for him. The person that Snow holds over his head. Katniss waits until they're close to sleep to ask about her. He replies, "Annie." Annie. She apologizes to Annie in her head, then she nestles into Finnick's arms until she can go no further. "Thank you," she starts. It isn't easy to say. "I don't know what I'm doing." "i'm always here, in the Capitol. Where they need me." And the words are shrouded with contempt, but she takes what she wants from them, hoping that he'll be here for her when she has to do what he does, when they're out with the Capitol animals at parties- she hopes it means she will have someone to look to. He will pick up the pieces of her when she has to follow Snow's orders. They will make silent contact from across rooms, from across naked bodies and they will sleep next to each other, and be the only bodies that wont hurt to touch at night in beds. Finnick falls asleep quickly as Katniss's pillow gets soggier. She thinks he might be her only friend in the world. In the morning, there is a note from Snow- an beautiful pink stationary dotted in roses that tells her the name of the man who paid for the healing salve. She will meet him tonight at a grand inn restaurant. She joins Finnick for breakfast in the dining room, sitting in the exact place where Peeta sat during training, the memory tingles. She softens bread with hot chocolate. She licks her fingers clean.