capitol building. Devon grinned, and I caught him looking me up and down out of the corner of my eye. It made me feel embarrassed, or maybe just uncomfortable. I couldn't really tell. Devon and I walked into the elevator together. "Good luck!" Devon's stylist, Florence called out as the doors shut. I felt the elevator begin to move down the thin, tall building under my feet. Devon looked at me and grinned again. "You look nice, Glimmer." I wanted to tell him to knock it off, but obviously, that wasn't really a possibility. Instead, I rolled my eyes irritatedly and crossed my arms against my chest. "Come on Glimmer… Don't be like this. It was only meant as a compliment." I turned my head away from him. He was really getting on my nerves now. Finally the dreadful elevator ride came to an end, and the doors slid open to a long, familiar steel walled hallway. We walked down it, and the gate opened, welcoming us into the training center. We walked to the circle of tributes and waited for our instructions from the head trainer. It wasn't long before the olive-skinned, dark haired woman came to the center. "Welcome back tributes." She smirked. She walked in slow circles so that she could look all twenty-four of us in the face at least once. I managed to catch eye contact with Cato, but I quickly brushed it off and turned back to the trainer. I kind of tuned out a lot of her words, thinking about what the arena might be like this year. My Dad and I always used to guess what the arena would be like before the reaping took place each year. Then we would laugh when we got it wrong, which we always did. My Dad. I wondered if he was still alive. And if so, if he knew I was revived for the games. I can imagine him seeing me during the tribute parade and gasping. He probably would have found this whole situation absolutely incredible, giving me a chance to win the games again. But I knew that wouldn't happen. I was brought back just to die again. I couldn't wait to die another painful, slow death. Couldn't wait to watch Cato and Clove leave me behind, for a second time. But I wonder if Devon is different… I highly doubt it, based on what he has acted like so far. Once the head trainer had finished up the introductions, we headed off towards different stations. The only thing I've ever really been decent with was a bow. But obviously, not quite as great as Katniss Everdeen. 'The girl on fire.' So I decided I might has well start with that. I make my way to the archery station and pick up one of the sleek, silver bows that I was so familiar with. I took one of the arrows and loaded up the bow with ease. I'm glad I could still at least do that… I slowly pulled back the string, so that my hand was pressed up against my back shoulder. I aimed at the target. I took in a deep breath, before letting the string go, sending the arrow flying towards the target. I missed. By at least, twelve inches. I turned back around just in time, to see Minnow laughing at me. I narrowed my eyes at her, and she waved her hand. "No, no. You did it all wrong." She walked up to me, and took the bow from my right hand, putting it in my left. I felt my face go red. Obviously I'm not supposed pull the string back with my left hand… "Try now." She motioned towards the rack of arrows. I picked one up and loaded up my bow, this time it felt much more fluent. I pulled the string back, it felt so natural to me all of the sudden. I let the arrow go flying towards the target, hitting it dead center. I lowered my bow, looking at my work with a soft grin. "See?" Minnow smiled. I smiled back, before examining my shot once again. "Keep it up, and you'll be very skilled with that bow in the arena." She walked off back towards the knife-throwing range. I caught a glimpse of her talking to Clove there a few moments later. I guess she made friends with Clove as well. Minnow was a under-aged career, I could tell. She was great with the knives. I heard Cato yell at someone across the training center. I turned around, and saw Devon was the victim. I rolled my eyes, turning back to my targets. "I'll kill you!" I heard Cato yell. "You'll be the first to go, for that!" I wondered what Devon might have done… Or if he even did anything. Kind of like how Rue stole Cato's knife during training for our first games, and Cato blamed it on the boy from district seven. Two of the instructors forced Cato back. Later in the day, I had returned to the archery station. I had been at the plant station, the fire station, and the climbing station. It was almost the end of the day anyway, so I thought I'd take a couple more shots. I loaded my bow with a silver arrow with my right hand, raising the bow, and pulling back the string. I took a deep breath, aiming for my target. "Hi there." A voice, inches from my ear said. I let out a soft shriek, almost dropping my bow. I sent the arrow flying into the floor in front of me with a clatter. I spun around quickly, coming face to face with Cato. I stared at him, anger crossing my face. "Nice shot." He laughed. But I didn't do anything. Instead, I slammed my bow against his chest, pushing him out of my path. Out of instinct, he grabbed my arm and sent me onto the floor.