appeared beside my mother. "Ms. Lavender. This way please." The man pointed towards the door that leads to the study. I was scared at this point because i thought that I was in trouble for hunting, but as I walked inside the study I saw something far worse. "President Snow, what an honor to see you at my house." I say dryly, but I was trying to make it sound as sweet as possible. He sat at the desk, wearing a giant white fur coat and black gloves and a cup of tea in hand. "My dear I think it would be best to not lie to each other don't you think?" "Yes I think that would be best and would save time." I say as I walk over to the desk and sit in a chair facing him. This man scared me beyond belief and made me incredibly nervous but I wasn't going to let him see that. So I just had to keep a poker face. "Hmm.. I have a problem Ms. Lavender. A very big problem that started when you revealed those Nightlock berries in the arena... If that idiotic gamemaker Seneca Crane had any brains at all, he would have blown you to bits and pieces then and there. But I can expect you to know where he is now. Am I right?" I take in a deep breath and say "Yes I do." He is at least six feet under. Snow wouldn't have let him live after his mistake of letting both of us live. "And after that I decided to let you live and act out your little game, which you were very good at. The forbidden romance with an older boy. I have to admit, it was truly impressive. You convinced EVERY single person in the Capitol… however not everyone in the Districts fell for it. In several Districts, they find that your little scene with the berries was an act of defiance." Defiance? How could they have thought that?! I just didn't want to kill anyone else. Well.. I guess part of it was defiances but didn't really think it that way at the time. "They think that if a young girl from District 12 can defy the Capitol and walk away untouched, then they think they can do the same. They think that they can create… an uprising." There is no way that that can be possible! I look at him as if he was crazy. "An uprising?" I whispered, still not believing it. "Yes, an uprising. THat can possibly lead to… revolution. An if that were to happen, then in time the whole system could fall to pieces altogether." I couldn't believe what he was saying. A rebellion. A rebellion all because of me is just ridiculous! "Well I think it is a fragile system if it can be brought down by a little girl and a few berries." I say. And it's true. I never heard of a revolution start with a girl trying to poison herself. "Yes it is indeed. But not in the way you imagine it to be." "Well how should I imagine it then?" I asked getting really agitated at what he was telling me now. The way he's telling me this information is almost like a threat. He glares at me. "YOU should imagine thousands of your people DEAD! This town of yours up in smoke and ashes. Imagine District 12 GONE in rubble and rock as if it had never existed like District 13." As much as what he said terrified me, it took all of my might to not grab those pair of scissors on the desk and stab him with it. I don't take kindly to threats about my home and my family. "You fought very hard and brave in the Hunger Games Ms. Lavender. But those were games. Would you like to be in a real war with real weapons, and killing more innocents?" "No!" I say. I don't think I could kill anymore people. He smiles at me and then takes a bite out of one of the sugar cookies. " Good. That was the answer I was hoping for. Mmm. These cookies are splendid. Did your mother make them Journey?" "No. Peeta did." "Oh yes. Such a lovely boy." It scares me that he knows everything about my family and friends because I just know that he can use it against me… if he wanted. "Why don't you just kill me now? It would make your life a whole lot easier." "Because I don't want to kill you. Really I don't. I have a little girl at home that, in a way, reminds me of you. I would like us to be friends, and if not friends then at least allies." I would never be your friend or ally! I clench my jaw and speak through my teeth. "So what do you need me to do?" " While you and Gale are on tour, I need you to smile. I need you to be grateful. But above all you need you to be prepared to end it all in love. Do you think you can do that?" I think for a second. Can I do that? "Yes… Yes I'll convince them." "Oh no Ms. Lavender. I need you to convince me." He gets up and opens his jacket to take out a rose. A white rose that he no doubt picked from his own garden. It was beautiful, but in a frightening way. "For you Ms. Lavender." He hands it to me and I take it in my hands looking at it. "Do convince me. For the sake of your loved ones." He turns on the screen to show videos of me with Prim, Peeta, Flex, mother, Katniss, and even Gale. My heart beats faster and my palms become sweaty. He's been watching me… AN: YAY first chapter of my second book down! I hope you like it!