head off to get the others, determined not to fail the mission. I reach Finnick and grab him too, then I see Johanna and Peeta up ahead. As I move in their direction, a Capital craft appears scooping them up. I bank quickly, barely missing the other hovercraft, and speed away as they fire at us. The craft chases us and I race up into cloud cover and activate the invisibility shield. I bank as the other craft shoots past us and drop back lower to the ground. I scan the skies, searching for the other hovercraft and after a few minutes am relieved to see it head back. We all fly in silence for a couple minutes, then my companions begin to cheer. I sit in the pilot's chair, silent. Jormand comes up and claps me on the back, "We did it Ivy! We got her out of there!" I look up at him, staring at him for a second, before I jump to my feet. "No!" I shout. "We didn't do it, we failed!" The craft goes quiet again and Jormand looks at me, concerned. "But she's right there Ivy, we got her." I glare at him, then at all of them. "We were supposed to get ALL of them, and we didn't. We failed the mission. Johanna and Peeta are now in the hands of the Capital and will be subject to horrific torture and you all are cheering?! You think we succeeded?! No! We didn't. We failed, we horribly failed!" Angry, I lash out at the pilot, still unconscious on the floor, kicking him in the stomach. I then go to the medicine cabinet and dose the pilot to keep him under until we get home. I stand and turn to look back at my companions who have enough sense to look ashamed. I walk over to where Katniss is laying, now unconscious, and whisper, "I'm so sorry Katniss. I failed you. I failed…" Tears slide silently down my face as I try to contain my anger and sorrow. I go back to the pilot's chair, not looking at anyone and fly us home. When we arrive, Willow comes racing down to meet us and arrives as we're bringing Katniss off the craft. She squeals and hugs me, "You did it Ivy! You got her!" I pull away and look at her, knowing my face looks sad. Her smile fades. "Yes Willow, we got her. But we didn't get all of them." Willow looks around and quickly realizes who is missing. "Where's Peeta?!" I grab her and wrap her in a hug, "We didn't get to him in time." I can here the tears in my voice as I speak, and Willow begins to cry. I comfort her as best as I can as some of the security team take the unconscious pilot off the craft. I look at them, "Take him to a cell, but don't do anything until I get there." Willow looks up at the pilot and then at me. "What happened Ivy?" Anger lights my eyes, "That's what I'm going to find out." I look at her, and my expression softens. "Go with the tributes to the hospital Willow and make sure that they are well taken care of. Can you do that for me?" A determined look crosses her face, "Of course I can. I'll take care of it Ivy, I promise." She turns and leaves and I watch her as she goes, then turn away and head to the containment cells. As I get down there, I'm informed that the pilot has just woken. I walk into his cell and he looks up, meeting my eyes and shock crosses his face, then fear. He quickly drops his gaze to the floor. I pull up a chair and sit in front of him, just staring at him. After a few minutes, he stammers, "I'm so sorry My Lady." I continue to stare at him for a few more seconds. Then, "Why?" He looks up at me, looking scared. "I.. I don't know President Ivy." I look at him flatly, "Really, because you seemed like you were on a mission." I stare at him for a second. "Your idea?" "Yes My Lady," he replies, his eyes on the ground. "See, I don't believe you. Who did it? Who put you up to this?" "I can't My Lady, I'm sorry." I stare at him for a minute, and then it dawns on me. I jump to my feet and he looks at me. Seeing my face, I see fear light his expression. "It was her wasn't it? It was! I know it! She did this! Didn't she?!" "No My Lady! No!" "Shut up! Don't deny it, I know better. How much did she give you, what did she promise you?" He stares at the floor for a minute before whispering, "She promised me my pick of the districts. When the war is over, I can choose which district I want to leave in." I stare at him, shocked. "What? Why would you… You think that… That's not what I have planned." He looks up at me. "It's not My Lady?" "No, of course not. When the war is over, there won't be districts any more, not officially anyway. People will be free to travel between the districts as they please and live in any of them at their choosing." He looks at me, shocked. "You mean it My Lady?" She look at him evenly, "Of course I do. Any other way and we would barely be better off than we already are." He looks at me, searching my face. He must see the truth there because then he throws himself to his knees at my feet, "Forgive me Lady, I beg you, I was deeply wrong about you." "Indeed you were. You repent then?" "Yes My Lady!" "Then give me what I need. Say it." "Coin. It was Coin. She sabotaged your mission."