I said. I looked at the crowd and saw my mother's face looking hurt, sad, shocked, and a little bit angry. My brother in her arms bawling his eyes out. Prim, Katniss, and Mrs. Everdeen are by my mother's side. All there faces show the same emotion as my mom"s. "Well, lets have a round of applause for District 12's first volunteer! Ms. Journey Lavender!" She starts to clap her hands, while the people, my people in the crowd all kiss their fingers and show the District 12 hand sign. That was our way of respecting a District 12 family member. Effie just looks confused, so she just says "and now.. for the boys." My heart started to beat so fast. My luck today was not going well, and if my friend Peeta gets picked… I don't know what I'll do. Effie walks to her right, puts her hand in the owl and just grabs one. She walks up to the stage and opens it. What she says just stops my heart. "PEETA MELLARK!" OH GOD NO! I look over to the boys side and see Peeta with a shocked, and terrified look on his face. He slowly walks up to the stage, but just before he reaches the first step, I hear a deep voice call out "I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE!" I was shocked and happy someone would do it! As I see someone move from the very back, I knew he must be at least 18. All of a sudden I hear Katniss scream "NO! YOU CAN"T LEAVE ME!" My eyes become really really big at what Katniss said. 'Katniss knows him? I CAN'T KILL ANYONE KATNISS KNOWS! She'll HATE me FOREVER!' I screamed in my head. As the guy walks over to the stage, he first looks at Effie, then at me. He is very tall and well built. 'Definitely 18' I thought to myself. His eyes are an icy blue, skin a little pale, with dark brown mud colored hair. 'He looks so familiar….' "Well, well, well! This is a very exciting day! 2 volunteers ever to be from District 12 both volunteer on the same day! So tell me.. what is your' name?" He bends into the mic and says "Gale Hawthorn" OH. MY. GOD! Gale Hawthorn! Now I rememer! It was a cold, dark rainy day and my family haven't eaten in weeks. We were starving to death. This was when my mom was still a drunk and Peeta was out sick so he couldn't sneak me food. I was siteing under a tree, pale, tired, and my stomach was in so much pain I could barely move. When I put my arms on my stomach, I could feel my ribs. When I thought all hope was lost, I saw a boy, who was really tall, brown hair, and icy blue eyes walk up to a building that was used for trade. He was holding 3 dead squirrels he must've killed and I was just staring at them. He turns his head towards me and I look up at him. His face looked pained and sad, so he walks over to me, bends down, and said "Looks like you need these more than I do." He hands me all 3 of his squirrels and takes off before I could say thank you. That night, me and my family ate for the first time in weeks. OH MY GOD! I CAN'T KILL HIM! Effie interrupts my thoughts by saying "come on you two! Shake hands!" We turn to face each other and I see that his 6'3, makes my 5'3 look so small. I reach out my hand to his and we shake. EVEN MY HAND LOOKS SO TINY IN HIS! As soon as we pull apart, Effie yells "HAPPY HUNGER GAMES! And may the odds be ever in your favor!" They quickly take us inside the Justice Building into separate rooms to say goodbye to our families. I am at the window looking down at District 12 as a peacekeeper comes in and says "You have 3 minutes." Then my family walks in. I quickly run up to hug my baby brother for what might be for the last time. He is crying into my shirt and saying "YOU PROMISED! YOU SAID YOU WOULDN'T LEAVE ME!" I start to cry too. "I know… I know I did and I'm so sorry' I pick him up and I walk to my mother "U CAN'T start drinking again!" She whispers "I won't" I shake my head "no you CAN'T. No matter what you see, or what you feel you need to be strong! And you NEED to BE there for HIM! Do you understand me?!" She nods her head yes and I can see the tears start to form. "Don't cry!.. Don't cry.." We hug with Flex still in my arms. Then the peacekeepers come in and rip my mother, and my brother from my arms leaving me empty. Then, Katniss, Prim, and Peeta come bursting in and attacking me with hugs. Katniss says "thank you for volunteering for me. For the both of us." I just nod and smile. Prim says "U HAVE TO WIN! You have to win for us!" I nod my head and say "of course I'll win! I'm smart and skilled." I told her. She just smiles and lifts her hand to show me a bronze pin. It had a mockingjay and an arrow shooting through it. I take it in my hands and she says "It's to protect you." As we hug again, Peeta says "you're clever Journey! You know everything about survival! You can win this!" Then they leave too. In the room alone, I have one thought in my head. 'There are 24 of us...and only one comes out." AN: OK! First Chapter done! I hope you liked it and please leave a review! A KIND review! I will have the clothes and stuff up on my profile.