to the way it was. But everyone wants for something in District Twelve. The first time Peeta got a phone call, his mouth was around Gale's cock. It was a delicious mixture of pain and heat and overwhelming wetness. Gale died a little when he finally shouted, coming all over the hollow of Peeta's neck. And then the phone rang as he was coming down, as his hardness ebbed away in Peeta's mouth. It was a ring that he'd never heard before; a sharp sound that cut through the heat and made everything go cold. Peeta sat up, the sheets bunching around him. "What's-" Gale started, but Peeta was already getting out of the bed. He walked out of the room wearing nothing. He heard him thumping down the stairs. Gale heard a faint, "hello?" While Gale was alone, he thought about what his mother was doing at that moment. Asleep, or maybe soothing Vick who had a chest cold. He hadn't spoken to her in a week, he only dropped a half-full game bag on the back doorstep and left without saying hello. It was a short phone call, whatever it was. He came back into the room only a few minutes later. He didn't catch Gale's eyes when he walked past the bed, he just moved into the bathroom and shut the door robotically. Worry planted itself like a bulb in the pit of Gale's stomach. He kicked away the sweaty sheets, feeling as though something was wrong. The sound of the phone itself felt wrong. Naked, he hovered by the bathroom door and heard the shower turn on. Inside, Peeta was in the glass box. Showers were a new thing to Gale, who always had to take uncomfortable baths with cold water and use eucalyptus plant for scent, but Peeta had a shower that ran hot water. There was a dispenser installed that spat out all sorts of powerful smelling soaps. Peeta turned to look at him as he opened the door. He backed against the wall a bit so they could both fit inside. "Who was calling?" he asked. Warm water hit his back and he tried hard not to sigh. Peeta didn't answer. "You gonna talk to me?" "It was Portia." "Who's Portia?" Peeta stuck his head under the rushing water to muffle the sound of him saying, "My stylist." Gale remembered if he thought about it hard enough, which he didn't like doing. Portia was the one who set Peeta on fire. Before Gale could ask, Peeta just said it. "The Victory Tour is soon." It felt like a little kick to the heart. His pulse started to thrum against his chest. He forgot about it. He forgot that he was only in this shower because it belonged to a Victor. Peeta's face flashed at him from distant memories, VICTOR, VICTOR, VICTOR. "I forgot about it," he said. Peeta nodded, shaking the water from his hair only to soak it again. "So did I." How many weeks would it be? He already felt the emptiness easing into him, an old familiar friend. He did the only thing he could think of to stop the losing feeling from taking him over. He bent his neck to rest his forehead in between Peeta's shoulder blades, much like Peeta did that first night. His arms snaked around to his stomach and pressed Peeta against him. He held on tightly. He held on tighter than his mother had. "Don't go," he said. "I have to." They spent the day before the tour in bed. They ate toast and jam for meals. Around noon, they got bored and took off their clothes, trading orgasms and kisses, napping after, and waking up to hunger again. When night finally came, they tossed their arms and legs together to rest against the pillows. "On Tv," Peeta said suddenly. "They might make me...they might make me say things." "What kind of things?" "Things about Katniss." His voice dropped to a whisper when he said her name. He took a shaky breath. "In the Capitol, they think that I'm the Victor because she sacrificed herself." Neither of them knew if this was true or not, but Peeta kept talking. "It's because I didn't kill anyone. And there's never Victors who just win by..." He trailed off, but Gale knew he was going to say win by luck. "What about that girl from Four?" The one who the cameras never showed until the arena flooded. It was years ago, but he remembered her because there had been little killing that year. When they did show her, it was the hours upon hours she spent treading water. It was the most peaceful games he'd ever seen. "From a few years back. She just had to swim to stay alive." "They don't like it," Peeta said, shaking his head. Maybe Gale understood. The Capitol wanted a reason for why Peeta won as much as they did. They tried to stay awake with drooping eyelids and tight chests. Peeta let his head fall onto Gale's shoulder. After a while, he started to snore softly and Gale tried to hold onto the moment. He wished it would be enough to last through the weeks soon to come, but he knew that old habits of loneliness die hard. He kissed Peeta, waking him up with his mouth. He took in the blue eyes. He hoped they would be the same when he came back. The next day, another Capitol parade would invade the town with the camera crews, the makeup, the costumes, the lighting, Effie fucking Trinket. Peeta told him he should stay away until he left. There would be cameras and there would be questions. He dragged his nails in circles around Peeta's chest. They said goodbye without saying goodbye. A/N- The fic title and excerpt at the beginning is from a song called "Lofticries" by Purity Ring. Part two will be up soon. Thanks for reading this far!