"It is both a time for remembrance and a time for thanks." the mayor says in a accented tone, as the then reads out the list of passed District 4's victors. So Michael, Mags, Finnick and Annie all give a nod to the audience, Annie clamps onto Finnick's arm as the audience claps with pride. Mayor Osbourne then introduces Dieter Rollo who takes the podium with pride. Dieter Rollo is an very strange creature, bright and bubble with bright blood red hair which is cut short but spiked up with whatever length he has. Dieter's face is powdered ghostly white with gold eye-liner and thick red eye shadow coating his lids. His clothes are made from fine materials, his long blazer is made from what looks like red velvet with his gold shirt made from silk and his trousers leather. He smiles revealing a set of unnaturally white teeth. "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favour!" he says into the microphone. Dieter then goes on a bit about how he is honoured to be here but I have zoned out. Six out of two thousands girls. I grip Leila's hand beside meand she doesn't shake me off, instead, she grips my hand back giving me a reassuring squeeze. It's time for the drawing. Dieter swoops down from the podium to the glass bowl with the male's names, he reaches in, digs his hand deep into the papers before selecting one at random. The crowd draws in a collective breath. The entire square silences completely giving you the ability to hear a pin drop. Dieter Rollo crosses back over to the podium, smooths down the slip of paper and reads the name out clearly. "Garrett Larkin!" he calls out loudly into the microphone. A cry of pure pain screeches from around the outside, the entire area of boy's head turn to stare at the individual before they part allowing the boy to exit the quarantined section. Garrett suddenly becomes familiar, he is tall and stocky with golden skin and sun bleached hair that falls in waves across his forehead. Garrett is escorted by Peacekeeper's to the side stage so he could climb the stairs onto the stage to be greeted by Dieter Rollo. Garrett remains emotionless as Dieter asks for volunteers but no one steps forward so Dieter continues on with the reaping. "And now for the ladies!" Dieter says cheerily swooping over to the glass bowl filled with the female's names. Like he did with the male's bowl. Dieter reaches in and digs his hand deep into the paper slips before again selecting one at random. I feel nauseous as I so desperately hoping that it isn't me, that it isn't mine, it isn't mine... my hand tights around Leila's to the point of pain. Dieter Rollo crosses over to the podium, smooths down the slip of paper and reads the female's name out. And it's me. "Anastasia Hollern!" Dieter Rollo calls with such gusto it is almost insulting, My first reaction is pure disbelief. Six out of two thousands girls. I must have heard it wrong. But when Leila grips my arms squeezing my hand tighter, I knew I hadn't. It was my name. The female tribute is me. Annie Cresta lets out a cry. " I volunteer!" a distant and strained voice yells from the crowd. I turn around to glance at the blank faces of the girls stood around me. Known of them had yelled. I don't need to push through the crowd as they have already parted like the Red Sea allowing me a straight path to the stage. The Peacekeeper's meet me at the edge of the crowd and they escort me the four steps need to reach the right side stage steps. " No! Anastasia! I volunteer!" the voice calls again but from the stage I cannot see the owner, therefore I agree the voice is coming from my own mind. My brother is half stood with Finnick gripping his arm tightly as I take my place beside Dieter. The mayor swoops in hushing my brother silent as he then begins to read the long and boring Treaty of Treason as he does every year at this point after the tributes are chosen – it is required – but I am not listening to a single word. Why Garrett Larkin? I think, not that it matters in the slightest who he is. Garrett Larkin and I are not friends. We are certainly not neighbours and we have never, ever spoken. Truthfully, I am wondering how the hell am I going to kill him? Triple the size and double the strength, he is a sure Victor between me and him no question asked, maybe he will trip and break his ankle, slowly leading to his death. What vile thoughts but what else am I to think. He does not know me and I do not know him. Mayor Osbourne finishes the Treaty of Treason and then motions for Garrett and myself to shake hands. We do so making sure to give each other painful squeezes to watch the others face faultier. During the process I make sure to stare deeply into his eyes, they flicker uncomfortable before releasing my hand – with the satisfactory feeling I have some how manage to over come him, we turn to face the crowd as the anthem of Panem plays. Oh well, I think calmly, there will be twenty-two others. Odds are someone else will kill him for me. During the final section of the anthem, Dieter Rollo lays a gentle hand on mine and Garrett's back bring us in closer to the podium, he then steps forward to the microphone once more. "Ladies and gentlemen. Your tributes from District 4: Garrett Larkin and Anastasia Hollern." he says. However, the odds have not been in my favour so far. So the odds of Garrett Larkin and I coming face-to-face, are incredibly high. What then?