middle-aged man chuckles bitterly but not in a harmful way as you would of imagined. Then he turns to face me, completely. First he eyes my face, gently taking in every detail from my reformed nose to the scar-less skin. Then his gaze falls upon my stomach, and it's almost like her inside of me can feel the man's gaze because she kicks – I say she, I don't know if the baby is going to be a she, it could be a he. The man doesn't smile at the state of my stomach, in fact he looks a little disgusted but nevertheless, he steps forwards towards me with no threatening aura about his approach, "Just remember who the real enemy is." he mumbles so quiet even I struggle to hear, he is probably scared someone will hear him and report him to a Peacekeeper but there is no one around. Wanting to ask him what he means seems stupid because it's obvious, the morning people of the surrounding districts are not my enemy, even the children in the arena with me, are not my enemy. It's the Capitol, President Snow, Seneca Crane and the rest of the Gamemakers, they are the enemy of every living and breathing person inside this nation. Mr Larkin leaves after his simply words, not wanting to further our conversation anymore. I walk home in silence however at some stages I do find myself in a conversation with myself, in fact some of the best conversation I have are with myself. My baby must think I'm nuts, she can hear, Doctor Galloway gave a handful of leaflets to read about pregnancy and one of them states that talking to your child will help them form a bond with you before he, or she, is born because they recognise you by your voice. Fascinating isn't it? Winter has rolled in and the temperature has dropped dramatically helping to create snow which sticks to the ground allowing me to leave a nice trail of footprints behind me. At my front door, I stamp my feet so the wet stuff knocks off from my shoes before I enter. Seeing as the front door is unlocked, I guess Annie never left this morning or more people have gathered around my house, no doubt Mags cleaning up the odd piece of paper or glass I have left laying around, I'm not dirty but neither am I compulsory clean. I've barely stepped inside when a arm appears before me at chest level to avoid contact with my poking out stomach. Following the masculine hand up the arm to the shoulder connected to the neck which holds the face, I see Michael. His face is hardened with discomfort but he makes an effort to smile, that's when I know something is wrong. "Don't worry, I'll take them off here." I say slipping off my flat shoes to leave them on the matt. Michael lets out a odd, breathy laugh and touches my arm gentle, "How are you feeling? How was your walk?" he asks me with a odd look glistening in his eyes. And when I see the man standing behind him in the kitchen doorway, one look at his tailored suit and surgically perfected features and I know he's from the Capitol. Something is terribly wrong. "I feel much better now, fresh air was what I needed." I bluff. Michaels eyes sparkle with happiness at my lie, "Someone is here to see you." he says, his face is too pale and I can gently hear the anxiety he is trying to hid in his voice. I look at his with shock, "I thought they weren't due until noon," I bluff again before checking the platinum watch around my wrist, "Has Vibia came early to help me get ready?" I ask. "No, Anastasia, It's –" my brother begins. "This way, please, Miss Hollern." says the man, rudely interrupted my sibling. The man gestures to upstairs, it's strange to be ushered around your own home but I know better than to comment on it. As I pass, I give Michael a reassuring smile over my shoulder. "Probably more instructions for the tour." They've been sending me all kinds of stuff about my journey and what protocol will be observed in each district, plus stacks of information about each hospital in the districts I will be assigned too in the case of a baby related emergency. But as I walk towards the door of the study, a door I have never seen closed until now, I can feel my heart begin to palpitate and my mind begin to race. Who is here? What do they want? Am I in trouble? Why is my brother, a Hunger Games victor, so pale and terrified? "Go right in." says the Capitol man who has just followed me up my own stairs and corridor, I twist the polished brass knob and step inside. My nose registers the conflicting scents of roses and blood. A funny little white-haired man who seems familiar is reading a book from my shelf. He holds up his index finger over the top of the book as if to say, "Give me a moment." Then he marks the page before putting it down and my heart skips a beat, literally. Because then, I'm staring into the snakelike eyes of President Snow. A/N: I've missed you! How have you all been? I hope everything has been going great. Well, here it is, the first chapter to the second part of Anastasia's story and already It hasn't been as bright as she hoped. Garrett's mother and President Snow have taken shots at her but it's people like Mr Larkin who still give her hope that a normal life is possible. I'm placing bets, who thinks Anastasia's baby will be a girl and who thinks it'll be a boy? Review and tell me, but also review to tell me what you thought on this first chapter :)