that her answer was the same as his. Only it's taken her two days to admit hers to herself... and taken Haymitch only fifteen seconds to admit his. She glared at Haymitch Abernathy and was tempted to wipe off his smug smirk with a blow to his nose. "Hurry up," she said loudly as she strode past him. "You're slow." Behind her she thought she heard him chuckle. She hid her smile. God knows she'd never hear the end of it if Haymitch knew. x "Sleep. I'll stand watch." "I'm not tired. You sleep." Haymitch just snorted, which enraged Maysilee further. "Quit playing the chauvinist pig! I told you, I'm not tired..." "Then let's keep going." She frowned in annoyance. "What, a rest's out of the question?" "You are tired." "I'm just saying there's no harm in not walking for, like, five minutes." "Fine. But only five." "Fine." They found a burrow that seemed safe enough and crept inside. Maysilee hugged her knees close. She regretted asking for a rest now, because of course stupid Haymitch was right: she was tired and sleepy to the bone. But she couldn't give him the satisfaction by falling asleep. So she blurted, "Haymitch, tell me a story." Haymitch was rarely caught off-guard, but this did it. "What?" "You heard me. A story." The part of her that was embarrassed about blurting this out was won over by a real impatience to hear a story. She'd always loved stories as a kid; they'd kept nightmares away, and what were they in right now than the nightmare of nightmares? "I don't know any stories." "Oh, come on. Haven't your mother or father ever told you any?" "My father died when I was three, and my mother was too busy finding ways to feed me and my little brother to have time for bedtime stories," Haymitch said. "Not everyone is so pampered as you, princess." He obviously meant to mock her, to insult her, but Maysilee was too affected by the first part of what he said to feel the sting. "I'm sorry," she said softly, thinking of a childhood without a father, only a tired mother and food only occasionally on the table. A life she never had to go through... but if fate had placed her in Haymitch's shoes... Fate. "Win," she said suddenly, gripping his arm. In the darkness of the burrow she could barely make out Haymitch's widened gray eyes. "What'd you say?" Maysilee opened her mouth, then closed it. She was confused at herself. His family needs him, more than mine needs me... so he should be the one to win - but - that means I should die. I don't want to die... but I don't want Haymitch to die... What does that mean? "Nothing," she said, and stood up. "We should go." x A day later, this was what she thought as she faced Haymitch to say goodbye. I think I know what it means. It means that I don't want to be the one to kill you, because most likely I couldn't do it. Not to your little brother and your mother. But I want to live too, she added fiercely as an afterthought. So if you were to kill me, I'd have to kill you. They were both fighting for themselves, after all. The win was for their families, but the fight - that was only for themselves. "Okay," Haymitch said as farewell. Didn't bother to spare her a glance, as usual. She felt a little disappointed, nevertheless, but it was just as well. Anything sentimental was pointless this close to the end. So she just shrugged and turned around. I hope I never see you again, she said to Haymitch Abernathy silently before walking off. x I am going to die, she thought, in a field of flowers. Where was that peace they said would come? She only felt pain, desperation, a gnawing desire for an angel to come save her, to heal her... No, not an angel. Her mother! She was a child again, to hell with dying in grace and courage; she tried to scream Mama, but she found she couldn't. The birds have slit my throat... of course I can't. The sky was darkening... no, that was her vision... Didn't they say as you die, your past was supposed to flash before your eyes? Who said that - was it Mel? Mel always told great stories... If she was here now... I would like to hear a good story , thought Maysilee - incoherently. She was really dying, wasn't she... Amidst her jumble of thoughts, something slowly surfaced. A voice. "It's okay, it's okay." A hand was holding hers. This hand was warm, and she liked that. Who could it be? A hallucination? "It's okay, you'll be alright." Kind lies... Was it her father? No, this was a boy... A scared boy, even if he was trying not to sound that way. She strained against her fading vision to see... The hand clutching hers tightened. That hurts , she thought, but it was a good kind of hurt. Gray eyes, were those gray eyes she was seeing or mere tricks on her mind? "Yes, look at me. Don't close your eyes..." But I'm tired, Haymitch. "Stay with me, Maysilee, you'll be okay..." You never called me Maysilee before. Then (but she might have imagined this): "I'm sorry." Don't be. You came back. Maysilee had hoped she would never see him again, but that wasn't true. She was happy, so happy, that he was here, this boy she knew for hardly a month. If you knew, Haymitch... She smiled sleepily. There were a lot more things she wanted to tell him - like idiot, get away... What if the birds came back? You have to fight! Win for your family, they need you! And... thank you. Please don't forget me. I can be a little selfish, can't I? x x x Peace did come.