to thrash around. I let go of his hand and his movements grow more frantic. "See you're leaving me, just like before! You will never risk anything unless it benefits you," he snarls. I walk over to the corner, grab a chair, drag it to his side and use it to climb over the raised bars of his bed. Haymitch tries to pull me away, "Katniss, what the hell are you doing?" I shove his hands away and carefully straddle Peeta's raging body. I sit using my knees at his sides to anchor me, he stills, momentarily shocked and I grab his shackled hands. I gather them in mine and touch my forehead to his. "Peeta," I call gently. He closes his eyes refusing to look at me, I lift my head but stay close. "Peeta?" I call again. "Katniss, you're making it worse. Get off him." Haymitch says. I ignore Haymitch and continue calling out to him, "Peeta, please look at me." "You're not real, it's a trick," he mutters shaking his head back and forth against the pillow. We're both sweating from struggling with the other but I can't bring myself to give up. "I'm real, please Peeta. I can't do this without you. I don't want to do this without you, don't make me." He finally opens his eyes and they are red rimmed. "Why are you doing this?" I swallow and say the one truth I've always denied. "Because I love you." "You don't. You're just saying that, this is another act. It's all lies!" He yells and tries to buck me off him. I don't give in, I can't. If I'm to convince him I have to do this. This has to be it, the moment I give all or die trying. I undo the leather restraints around his wrists and before Haymitch can stop me I unhook them and let him go. Peeta's hands immediately encircle my throat and I have to swallow a shaky breath. "Peeta, don't hurt her." Haymitch pleads. I don't look away from his blue eyes. I'm holding onto the bars but I'm not protecting myself anymore. He's shaking and so am I but I'm willing to do this, to get him back to me. "You said that I don't risk anything. I'm risking my life for you. I'm risking everything to get you back because you are worth it." His fingers tighten but I'm not afraid. I know this boy, he's still in there. My boy with the bread, my fellow victor, the boy that joined the Careers to give me a fighting chance. The boy that gave me that pearl, the boy I couldn't sleep without. The boy I have given my heart to. I just have to coax him out. "You asked me what I was going to do with you now that I had you. Do you remember?" He shakes his head. "I told you that I was going to put-" "...me somewhere where I wouldn't get hurt," he finishes. His fingers relax and they slide down to my nape. His hands tug on the back of my neck and I lean down and kiss him. Its the first time we've kissed since we were separated, its familiar and wonderfully different and I missed it. I grip his shirt and deepen the kiss. "Don't mind me." Haymitch says. "Peeta," I sigh pulling away from him and ignoring our mentor. He lets go of me and I can see doubt clouding his eyes. "Katniss, what's gonna happen to us?" "I don't know but we'll be together. You and me." "You and me?" "We are a team. Its how we live," I say. "We protect each other," he says. "It's what you two do." Haymitch says and he offers me a hand. I grip it and carefully climb off Peeta, over the bars, onto the chair and down to the floor. I sit on the chair and we hold hands until Haymitch reminds us that Peeta still needs to be restrained for his own safety. He reaches for my hand and I hold it while Haymitch ties his other one. "Can you do this one?" he asks me. I nod and gently wrap the leather around his wrist. "You'll have to do it tighter or they'll suspect," he says with a smile on his tired face. I tighten it and he winces. "Better?" "Yeah," he says. "We better go." Haymitch reminds me that we are not supposed to be here. I lean down and kiss him lightly and we turn to go. "Katniss?" I turn back, "yeah?" "I love you too." I grin and leave the room. Haymitch walks beside me. "So finally bit the bullet, huh?" "Shut up, Haymitch." "I'm glad you know." "You are?" I ask. "Yeah, you two are made for each other. You're both too stubborn for your own good." "And?" "Only he would put up with you..." "Hey!" "...And nobody would do what you did for him." "You're getting soft." I say. "I am." I give him a tight hug then leave him at the door of his room. I enter the corridor that leads to my room but I turn around and head back to the infirmary. I slip into the observation room and walk up to the window. Peeta is lying on his side, his arms curled under his pillow. It'll take time for him to recover, he won't ever be the same but neither am I. It'll take time for me to love him completely without fear and it'll be the same for him. It'll take time for Haymitch to not feel like he has to guard us, we'll be guarded for a while too. But we'll manage to find out way back, if we survive this war, we'll have a chance to see what a life together outside the Games looks like. If we survive, I know that as long as we are together, eventually we will be happy.