with me, spinning me by my shoulder to meet my gaze. "You just... You caught me off guard is all." He still looks like he's surprised I'd kissed him, and I have to admit that I am, too. "I didn't know that you thought about me like that." "I don't," I mutter. "I'm not innocent, okay? Inexperienced? Yes. Innocent? No." "So that's why you kissed me? For experience?" We're staring at one another now, and I don't know what I'm supposed to say. Maybe part of it was curiosity. Maybe I wondered what his lips would feel like against my own. Maybe I wanted to allow myself this one intimate moment with a member of the opposite sex before I lived out a life of celibacy. "Yes." My answer seems to be the wrong one, and he picks the deer up once again as he begins to drag it back to the District. "I mean no," I begin as he stops, not bothering to turn back around. "I don't know, Gale. I see you at school, the way the girls look at you, and I have to wonder if I'm missing out on something. But kissing and ogling over boys just isn't me. It's not what's important and it's not who I am. I just wanted to see what all of the fuss was about. Obviously it's important to you." He turns around and his eyes meet mine. "It's a terrible thing," I say. Because I know there's a lot more to worry about than boys or what I will be missing out on when I grow to be an old maid. There's the thought that the moment I loose my train of thought on survival and what is important, my family will pay the price. I have an crucial role in keeping them fed. In keeping my mother and Prim from the starvation which has taken so many in our district. Gale shakes his head as he stares at me with solemn eyes. "It's not, Katniss," he assured me. "It's human nature. You want to enjoy the pleasures of life. There are only a few that exist here. What else do we have?" I shrug, and for some reason I can't look at him right now. Admitting to your best friend that you're aching for human affection after planting a sloppy kiss on his lips isn't the most comfortable of situations. I begin to wonder how hard it will be to find another hunting partner, knowing that I'll never be able look at him again. But my eyes meet his again as he cups my chin and raises my head to meet his gaze. "What did you think of this kiss?" I can feel my blush returning as I stare back into the eyes that are the same color as my own, feeling his calloused hand against the delicate skin of my chin. He smells like hearth and animal skin and I try to fight off the feelings that I'm having for a person that I shouldn't be having them for. "It was satisfactory." It's not much of a compliment, but he still smiles. Without another word, his lips tentatively meet mine. This time his arm locks around my waist, and my hands become entangled in the front of his shirt as we yield to the moment of passion between us. The kiss is so different from the first one that we had both been so unprepared for. This one is needful, attempting to fill a void that has been so deep and so empty for so long. Now I am certain that I was missing out this entire time. My fingers go to my lips as we part, and Gale studies me intently. My nervousness over the situation causes me to tremble, and Gale's thumb brushes over my cheek and he continues to hold me in his arms. I want more, and judging by the look on Gale's face, so does he. His eyes soften before he speaks again. "You can trust me, Katniss. Do you trust me?" I nod dumbly. Gale Hawthorne may be the only person that I do trust. There's an unspoken understanding between us about what happens next. We make love beneath a large shade tree in the meadow. It's not about love or lust. It's about doing something so completely selfish after years of being weighed down with such an enormous responsibility. It's about living for ourselves for once rather than the well-being of the families we had become the unintended breadwinners for. It's a relief that—for one moment at least—I can think of what I want rather than what Prim and my mother need from me. It's all like a dream flashing through my mind in the middle of the night, because it feels so surreal. I'm afraid for the pain, but it doesn't hurt. The tough life in the Seam and hunting in the woods for the past four years has taken what physically remained of my virginity. Gale is so gentle, staring down at me with warm eyes, making the act feel as if it is one between a man and a woman who are madly in love. He even holds me against his chest afterwards, running his hands through my messy dark hair as we both attempt to catch our breath. We know that we can't really be together. That we shouldn't be together like this and probably don't even want to. I have quickly become one of Gale's conquests, and I don't expect anything more from him after this moment. Because we both know although we've given into this one desire, neither of us can allow ourselves to live this greedily. We don't say much to each other as we leave for home with our trades. We go our separate ways, knowing that what happened between us today in the meadow must never be relived. It's a moment that I'll remember forever, but can never speak of again.