as a kiss, gentle as a whisper in the ear. It's the same old game, collecting secrets, but now there is a purpose, a receding of the waves before the storm hits. Before the destruction. After all, there is a promise in the way Finnick stands, too (and between the currents of that promise, there is something else – shifting and shifting). He goes back again to see Annie Most of the time, he waits by the door, watching her hum and smile to herself, weaving nets with her fingers. It's hard to explain what it is that's so warm about it, strings being knotted together, slowly meeting and parting, and meeting again. It's Annie that says it aloud, and Finnick is not surprised that of the two of them, she is the braver one. "Are you lonely?" she asks, eyes still focused on the motion of her hands. Finnick shuts his eyes. Breathes. "Yes," he says, wrenches it out like a splinter from his soul. "Are you sad?" she says. "Yes," he says, and asks her, "How do you know?" a little desperately. "I can see it,' she says, looking up at him, "And I know, because you are here, with me." xxiii. in the faint moonlight, the grass is singing And, while Finnick's breath knots, and meets and separates, she adds, "It's better because they are together. Nets are stronger than strings." She raises it towards him, then, showing him strength, and when he comes back, Finnick sits at the foot of her bed, bringing things together, making them better. xxi. unstoppered, lurked her strange synthetic perfumes You don't forget the scent of the roses. But you try, Finnick realizes. You try. "You haven't been keeping your appointments," says the voice. "Perhaps," the voice says, "You have more pressing concerns?" And then deadly, and then crisp: "Concerns… I should make myself aware of?" And the fear. The fear, and the fear. xxii. is the cruelest month Finnick plays nicely for a long time – doesn't dare carry word anywhere, even to Mags. Doesn't dare let that horrible voice any closer to her, to them and their efforts. He plays nicely for as long as he can, and then loneliness rushes up to him like sea-longing. It's almost impossible to credit, how here, even surrounded by an endless crush of people, there is a wider chasm than any distance he feels to Annie. The memory of strings, of knots, of nets, ensnare him – draw him into deep waters. It's Johanna that sees it – even with her safe harbor gone, she knows the look of it, the want of it – and it's Johanna that says, "Send one of them to me." Her eyes are unreadable as always, but her mouth is soft, her mouth understands. "Even they'll notice you looking this pathetic," she adds, shooting a dismissive glance at the building around them. He does it, goes back to Annie like she is the drug he has been waiting to drown in all these years. xxiii. with spring rain And seeing her again is just that – both mourning and joy, both wound and healing. She looks at him and says, "Finnick," and it comes to him that no one has ever seen as much of him as she has – no one has ever held as much of him as she has. He looks at her, and sees Annie as she is, learning to be, learning to weave things together and bring them close again, however far they were before. He looks at her again and sees Annie-as-she-was, slim as a harpoon spear and sharp as salt spray, and thinks That long? And the answer is yes , and the answer is no ; the answer is if they hadn't scraped out the gentlest parts of themselves like flesh within a shell, would it have meant anything that they have survived, that they have lived long enough for these quiet moments in the dying sun or found their way, inexorably, back to each other? Could it have meant anything that they keep finding their way back, that he comes to her, and she comes to him, and across the aching distance of their hurt, they reach each other, crying Land, land ho , land, at last ? xxxiv. et, o ces voix d'enfants, chantant dans la coupole! Still, sometimes, Annie screams in the nights, cries and screeches and shuts her eyes and covers her ears to hide a name from herself. Most nights, Finnick is far away – working and hiding and striving, far from water, nearer the fire that they all carry, the banked flame – but even being close is no guarantee of peace. Some demons have no rest. Madness is a familiar demon, one he shares with every touch he showers on her, touches he bestows in every way he knows how - hands on her wrist to keep her from scratching herself, forehead pressed against hers to soothe her with his skin, a mouth for her to scream into, and finally, "Annie, Annie, Annie-" a whisper in her ears, "Annie - Annie - Clever Annie, Kind Annie, Sweet Annie, Good Annie -" "Young Annie, Gentle Annie, Lovely Annie -" her fingers still briefly as she seizes onto the familiar rhyme, muttering it absently. "- Golden Annie, Pretty Annie, Bright Annie -" he continues with her, rhythm beating against their teeth, fingers pat-pat-pattering against skin, and finally, finally, Annie subsides into silence, questing hands fluttering against his throat, eyelids closing over distant eyes. He kisses them, mouth gentle, both hands clasped against her face, and despite the quelling darkness and the grime and the dust of this room, relief shimmers through his tired eyes. "Finnick,' she says, softly, eyes shut, "Finnick loves me." (And whatever else he leaves on her skin - whatever gift he drips into the secret hollows of her throat – that water is only the salt of the sea.)