I'd lose my strength, so maybe I could take some food off of other tributes. I wasn't going solve any problems by standing there over thinking everything. So I set off to the top of the mountain. I started to walk when I saw something move in the corner of my eye behind a moss covered boulder. Great, just what I needed another tribute attack. "Come out," I called, "lets settle this like gentlemen, in a one on one fight to the death." I moved closer to the boulder and leaned to the left. "Hello," I whispered, looking carefully behind the rock. "Is there anyone where?" I asked. We can settle this the hard way or… well the hard way, now come on and face me." "Fine, but I'll have you know I'm not afraid to kill." A boy snarled coming out from behind the rock. "Good, because I love a challenge." I said with a half smile, unsheathing my sword. "What district are you from?" I asked cockily. "Seven," He replied. "I'm here to avenge my sister." Fire burned in his eyes. Gosh, he had to have been kidding, I mean, what were the odds, unless he volunteered. "You volunteered didn't you?" "Like I would miss the chance to kill you." He said charging me, axe drawn. I sidestepped him easily. His momentum was so great he ran a good ten yards passed me. "Um… are you going to kill me or not?" I taunted. He shouted in anger, and ran back to me swinging for my neck. I ducked grabbed, picked up and tossed him to the ground. "Listen," I said looking at him feeling sorry for him. "Your not going to kill me like that, so come back and fight me when your worth my time." I turned away from him and started to walk back up the mountain. I took my first step, second, third, forth, then I heard it, a thunderous trample coming right towards me. Right before it hit me I ducked, turned and slashed horizontally. My sword hit the boy perfectly in the chest, sending blood into the air. "N-no… I can't die… not here… not now… I made a promise." The boy stammered said falling to his knees, thick dark red blood pouring from his chest. "Don't make a promise that you can't keep." I said icily. "Look in my eyes, I'll be the last thing you see." I stood over him. "The killer of you sister and you." He looked at me then his eyes glazed over and the cannon blew off. His blood stained my soul and I knew I was loosing myself. How much longer could I stand it before I lost it. So far I've only been evil when I've need to be, but could I control it. I looked at the horizon I noticed that this was the only mountain above the water. The game makers where tired of this game. I lost count of the cannons and I didn't watch the recap from the night before. I knew it must be low because not many went off today. Was Savannah dead? I told myself she wasn't, but I didn't believe it. I know the ending is growing closer, and it's only a matter of time until I get knocked off. Then were do we go after death, I didn't know, and I didn't care. I climbed to the top of the mountain preparing for the ending. Then a voice boomed through out the arena. "Tributes, the end of this game is drawing nigh. To speed this up the water of death will force you to the top of the mountain, where the final battle will take place." Chapter 10 The Finale I stood at the top, the top of the arena and saw the tributes down below. All of them coming up to me not caring about each other, they could worry after they killed me. Water rose steadily behind them. "Stop," I cried. "How many of you wish you see your parents, bothers, sisters, girlfriends, boyfriend, neighbors, and homes once again?" They stopped and looked at me. That is exactly what I wanted, and I counted how many where left. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, when I looked on the tenth tribute I burst into tears. It was Savannah. Savannah, the girl from eight, the pacifistic girl from eight lived on. "There are eleven of us left, and once ten are dead the victor will be crowned, and-" Then one of the tributes decapitated another and a battle broke out between the remaining tributes. Between all but Savannah, who continued walking up the hill to me. Then something very interesting happened unlike anything I've ever seen. It was a single grenade floating towards me on a parachute. I had no idea what to do with it, or why it was sent to me, but I grabbed it and removed the strings off of it. Then I noticed it had a little note attached to it. Caleb, enclosed are pill containing the poison of the blowfish. ~Justin p.s. try something stupid. I felt a little bump and torn the paper open, reveling a little purple pill. "Caleb!" Savannah exclaimed from behind me. "Caleb, it's you. I was so wor-" I placed my fingers over her lips and kissed her. I didn't know why, but that seemed like the right thing to do at the moment, and that moment lasted forever. When I pulled away I saw two tributes behind Savannah, walking at a slow pace. "Savannah, take my sword and finish this." I said, handing her my sword. "Good-bye, and remember I love you." I said, swallowing the pill, lobbing the grenade at the tributes, and I threw myself off the cliff, falling seventy feet on my side. The last thing I remember before darkness overtook me was hearing an explosion and some one screaming my name. End Of Part One