dream, and he was going to fulfill it. He was a Tribute. A Career Tribute. And he would win, and bring honor to his District. He would come home for her. Cato coughed, and he felt the blood gurgle back in his throat, as he realized what a stupid mistake he made. He remembered when it was time for the goodbyes in the Justice Building. He didn't even know, or think, that that would be the last time he'd see his family. The last time he'd see her. He remembered how teary his mother was, and she didn't seem to want to let go of him. "You be careful, Cato," she whispered, embracing her son tightly. "You be good out there." "Make us proud, son," his father added, giving him a hug. It was the kind of hug he long forgot from his father, because his father had never hugged him like that in a long time. "Bye-bye," his little sister beamed at him, and he bent down to ruffle the top of her blonde hair. She embraced her older brother, and he couldn't help but see himself in her. She was only five. She'd have to start school soon. "Promise you'll be there when I start school?" she told him, holding out her pinky. Cato chuckled, and made the pinky swear with her. "I promise, kiddo. I'll be home sooner than you think." As he stood up, he caught a glimpse of her, waiting behind his parents, her face pale and tear tracks visible on her face. He pushed his parents away, and embraced her tightly. "Hey," he said, chuckling slightly, stroking her hair. "Hey, don't cry." She hiccuped, sobbing into his shirt. He could feel her fingers twist tightly into his shirt, pulling him as close as she could toward her. "Listen to me," he said firmly, pulling back to hold her by the shoulders. "I won't die out there. I'm too strong, and I'm well prepared. Don't worry. I'll come home. I'll be back soon." Alix looked up at him, and he looked into her violet-blue eyes, so pretty and so bright. "You come back," she said fiercely, hugging him tightly. "You have to fucking come back to me, Cato." He stroked her hair again. "I promise, I'll come back." The Peacekeeper broke in, "One minute." Suddenly, Alix started breathing hysterically, and she clutched at Cato like he was a lifesaver. "Hey, hey, Alix," Cato said softly, calming her down. "Alix. Look. At. Me." She looked at him, hiccuping again as he held her tight. He held her face between his hands, and rested his forehead against hers. "I'll come home, okay? Every minute in the arena will be every minute fought for you, okay? I'll come home, and then we'll be together again. We're best friends, remember? We're partners in crime, right? You and me. Okay?" Alix sniffed, and she held Cato's hands tightly. "Okay." She looked straight into his bright, pure blue eyes, and whispered, "I meant it back there when I said I love you." Cato smiled, then kissed her on the forehead. "I know." That was good enough, he thought. He knew he'd come home victorious, and then he'd have plenty of time to gather up the courage to tell her that he loved her too. But... just not now. Cato coughed again, a searing pain enveloping his whole body. He felt so weak and drained, and all the wounds on his body began to pound. How could I be so stupid? He failed, and he knew it. He failed his father, disappointing him in everything, and then failing to bring honor and pride to his family and to District 2. He failed his mother, becoming a ruthless and brutal killer when she clearly told him to 'be good'. He failed his sister, and he hated the fact that he couldn't be there on her first day, or during any other part of her life when she needed a big brother. And, he thought, when the pain began to reach a peak, he failed her. He failed her, and he failed in his promise that they were best friends. Always together. You...and me. "I'm so sorry," he whispered, the pain becoming too much for him. Tears welled up in his eyes, and they poured down through his wounds. I failed. His vision began to dim, and he knew he was slipping away. He saw the girl from 12 look down at him from the top of the Cornucopia, the expression on her face unreadable as she loaded her bow with another steel arrow. " Please..." he mouthed, and he saw her head nod infinitesimally. I'm so sorry, Alix. Dimly, he could see her pull back the string of the bow, aiming straight for him, and Cato knew that he would die. He wasn't afraid, but he had so many regrets. I didn't even get the chance to tell you how much I loved you. The last thought in Cato's mind was her, violet-blue eyes, dark hair tied in a ponytail, that beautiful innocent smile always on her lips, before Katniss let go of the arrow and shot it straight into his head, and Cato slipped away into the blackness, where he knew he could never go back home. A/N: So how did I fare? This is my first-ever Cato fic, and I was pretty nervous because I was soooo unsure of its reception. This simple one-shot is just an introduction to another Cato fic I have coming up - a multi-chap - and an insight into the character of Alix. If this fic receives a warm welcome into the fanfic world of the Hunger Games, I'll be glad to write for you guys again. But even if it doesn't...I don't think I'll have any regrets, because I loved Cato anyway. :) Still, reviews are greatly appreciated. Please leave one! A/N: I just edited out missing words and grammatical errors as of today. Thanks!