her to join him. She slipped her hand into his, then sat down on the grass beside him. Again, to most, they'd find that simple gesture malicious. But honestly, they were just friends. Best friends, as far as anyone's concerned. "I don't know. I just...know," she said, then when Cato laughed, she pushed him. "Okay, that sounded stupid, but - " "But nothing," he chuckled. "I get what you mean. 'Sides, we seem to be the only two in this school, anyway. But they'll be back by Monday. As usual." "We're not the only two here," Alix said, lying down, although she wasn't sure if Cato was wrong. It could be possible, since they were the only ones who didn't always want to go home. "No, I bet Clove's still here, somewhere. Or Dyan. Oh, wait, he went home last night." Cato snorted. "He's your brother and you don't remember where he is," he said mockingly. "What kind of sister are you?" "Shut up, Cato," she laughed. "I happen to be a great sister, you know." "Well, so am I. A great brother, I mean." "You don't have to tell me," she said, playing with the grass. "I believe you. Your sister adores you." "She's five," he said dryly. "So?" Alix said, turning on her side to face him. "If you weren't a great brother, she wouldn't adore you at all." "I suppose you're right," he sighed. "I bet she misses you," she said softly. "I know she does," Cato said, "But I'm not going home." Alix sighed. "Again? Why not?" He turned around to face her too. "I just don't want to. You know how it is. You know how he is." The 'he' Cato was referring to was his father. Alix knew about Cato's dad, how the man didn't seem to truly care for Cato at all. She knew. She heard him every night when they were still living with their parents, scolding Cato for some small thing like missing a target by a measly centimeter. It was as if Cato's dad cared more for the Games than he did for his son. She also had the feeling that Cato's dad didn't like her at all. She couldn't understand why. She wasn't hurting Cato in any way, not like he was. "Are you going home?" he asked in a quiet voice, looking into her eyes. She hated it when he did that. Every time he did she had to control herself, to keep herself from blushing. It made her feel uncomfortable, and she didn't want to admit why. She shook her head vigorously so he wouldn't notice. "No, I'm not. Dyan's home; for Mom and Dad that's enough. They know I can take care of myself." "You don't have to stay here for me, you know," he told her, pouting slightly. "Who said I was staying here for you?" she said defensively, but she was laughing. He chuckled, but he said, "Be serious." She smiled. "Okay, so maybe I'm staying here for you, but you're not the only reason." "Enlighten me, then," he challenged. "What are the other reasons?" Alix's mouth scrunched up. He knew she didn't have any other reason but that. "See," he said, laying on his back again so he could watch the sky. "I don't know why you do these things for me." "You're my friend, Cato," she sighed. "My best friend, remember? Always." He chuckled. "Partners in crime." "You?" she held out her fist. "And me," he completed, touching his fist to hers. That was already an old thing. They started it way back when they were ten, the first time they acknowledged to each other that they were best friends. He suggested it. They were feeling awkward since they admitted to each other that they were best friends now, so he declared they make a handshake or something like that, to solidify it. It's been their thing ever since. "Alright," she said, getting up, "Time to stand up." "Damn," Cato said, resting his hands behind his head. "Just when I feel comfortable already." "C'mon, you lazy butt," she said, poking her sheath into his stomach. He laughed. "Do you want to train or what?" "Fine, fine!" He said, standing up too. He threw his sheath over his shoulder again, taking a deep breath. Then he looked at her, a challenging glint in his eyes. She looked at him suspiciously. "What?" "I'm going to beat you this time," he told her, crossing his arms. "Hand-to-hand combat. You up for it?" She smirked. She'd won against him, three days in a row, and what she'd realized was that all she had to do was smile at him. Then he'd seem to go off a little, then she could tackle him. She didn't know what to make of that, but she took the opportunities gladly. "Like I couldn't beat you." "I'd like to see you try," he said, grinning as they made their way back into the Academy. A/N: A/N: Hello everyone! :) I f this seems familiar to you, you probably read it in the past before I reworked it. Here's the reworked version, and I hope it's of a much better quality than before. Anyway, please read keep reading this. For all those who love Cato, mourn for him, and wish he hadn't died, maybe even imagine what kind of life he might have had before the Games, then I suppose this is the fic for you. Mind you though...I follow everything that happened. So yes, Cato does die, but there is more insight into his death and the effect it has on the people who love him. Like me. :D I hope you guys liked it as much as I liked writing it. This is only the starter chapter, and I've got the second chapter already here in my arsenal...it's just up to you guys whether or not I'll release this little mockingjay out into the world. :D Please leave a review!