necks and slitting them, running his sword through stomachs, feeling his muscles ripple tautly with each kill? Hearing his snarky comments and snide remarks, did she still understand that they were meant for show, or was he turning into a monster she could never forgive? Now he understood what she meant by the Games breaking people. He'd done so many things he would chalk up to crime, and he'd seen so many others, younger, weaker, frailer than he was, die too, either at his own hands without any mercy, or because they didn't know what to do to survive. If he didn't have his own life to fight for, he would have tried to save them, which burdened him even more – he couldn't do anything to keep them alive. He was turning into a cursed, wretched person; he could no longer see the world as something so beautiful, he could no longer look at his hands without wanting to tie them behind his back, and he was filled with self-hatred and loathing. He wanted to be severely punished, but maybe being let off the hook would be punishment enough, because what else could disturb him worse than being acquitted for the crimes of taking away the life of someone who deserved to live? He was afraid that it would affect how he was with Cora; how could he protect someone when he was mentally and emotionally tortured himself? Maybe she would be better off with someone whole and blameless, someone who could hold her together when she was starting to come apart again. Someone who could quell her fears and wake her up from her bad dreams, like he had done that week at the Capitol. Maybe she was better off with Gil, after all. No, she's not, Charles thought to himself, his eyebrows furrowing angrily as he closed his eyes, trying to swallow down his irritation, pinching the bridge of his nose and letting out a frustrated sigh. You promised, and you don't break promises. "Do you promise? You will come home; not if you win, when you win. Promise me." "I told you I would see you again the first time I watched you board your train, remember? And I did. I saw you again, here. So when I tell you that I will see you again, I will see you again. I don't break my promises...especially for you." "Hey," a groggy female voice called out, making Charles tuck the gold ball under his shirt. He turned to face Ruby, who was sitting up, rubbing the corner of her eye with a long, thin finger, her blonde hair unruly and coming out of her updo. Charles offered her a weak smile. "Hey." Ruby let out a yawn, crawling over to him and offering him her threadbare blanket. "My turn to watch." "I'd feel more comfortable if someone watched with you," Charles told her, taking the blanket from her and ignoring her obtuse attempt to cuddle with him by pretending she was cold. He didn't want to pretend right now, and he didn't care if she froze over anyway. "Then I'll wake Nori," Ruby assured him, her lips turning down slightly at his cold shoulder. "I don't see any point in me sleeping," Charles sighed, leaning against the opposite side of Jax's rock, crossing his ankles and pulling the blanket up to his chin, "since I'm too tired to sleep." Which was true, to a point. Sleep was far more often plagued with nightmares, of blood and death and Cora. Cora crying over his dead body, Cora kissing some faceless character he could only name as Gil, Cora looking at Charles like she didn't know who he was, unfamiliar, a stranger... "Try anyway." Ruby roused Nori and they both sat on the ledge, their legs dangling from it carelessly, promising to keep watch until dawn, and then they would start scouring the woods for any of the remaining tributes left alive. Just a few more, Cora, Charles thought, hoping that if he tried hard enough he would break into her thoughts and dreams, letting her know he was there. Was she huddled in her soft, down bed, thinking about him, worried slightly but knew that he would come home to her? He hoped that she held onto the hope that he would. Like she said, they still had so much to figure out between the two of them, and he wasn't going to let the Games take him away from her. He wasn't going to let her belong to someone else, just because he wasn't strong enough to win. "When you wake up from this long nightmare, I promise you'll wake up to find me. Then we'll both be victors and no one can bother us, ever. Nothing, not the arena, not the other tributes, not even the President, will stop you and me. Okay?" Charles' eyes fluttered closed, letting out a soft, distressed sigh, hardening his heart and firming his resolve, that tomorrow things will start looking up for him, that in a few more days, he will be the last one standing. And then he would be home. "Okay." A/N: For Sarah, aka SomeDays...I am FINISHED! This was obviously written for us who know the shenanigans about this whole thing, but also for the readers who come across this silly piece of fiction, I do hope you enjoyed it :D The song I used for the intro is 'Out of the Woods' by Taylor Swift, and while initially the story was not intended to be a songfic, I ended up listening to the song alongside writing the story, so it turned out to be perfectly tuned together - I was intentionally avoiding that song because I hated the intro, but turns out, it's a pretty good song! Anyway, please review and tell me what you think! It's probably not what you were expecting but if you came across it, a penny for your thoughts, please :)