give up on myself." I tell her truthfully. Her face melts into it's normal sweet expression and she gives me a quick hug. I really wonder if she's my agent sometimes—the fact that she is my agent, and that we do work together occasionally slips away and I feel like she's more of my best friend than anything else. Her face softens even more when she glances at my cheek when my hand moves away. "I'm sorry for slapping you." She says quickly. I shake my head in response. "No, I needed it." Though that's true, what I really need, is to wake up. Get out of this depressing abyss that I've fallen into and to become who I know I can be. I can reach my full potential; I can be the cheerful Peeta Mellark that people know me for. "You can do it, Peeta! And you don't have to do it alone, I promise. I'll be right here with you." Delly pumps her fist into the air dramatically. I think she's been watching way too much of those Japanese Cartoons…what are they called again? Anime. Yeah, that's the one. I get off of the sofa and move to Delly's laptop. I can feel her following me quietly, as if not to disturb my concentration. I place my palms on the edge of her desk and lean on the table. I stare at the laptop, at the picture plastered all over the screen. Her face hasn't changed one bit. She still has that scowl that's mesmerizing at the same time that it's lethal. She gave me that same scowl when I walked past her. I remember the memory like it was yesterday, when in truth, it was probably a bit less than a year ago. I felt free. For the first time in my life, it was like these invisible chains had come off and I could just move. I suppose it's because mother's back at home, and I had no one to scold me and make my life miserable. Though I do feel guilty for leaving my brothers with her. I wonder if they're fairing all right. My ears pick up on a guitar strum. Then the most amazing voice follows. The only thing in my head is screaming for me to just listen, to find the source of such amazing music. I continue down the street gingerly, almost afraid to find what is capable of singing like that and playing like the way they are. Then I see her. With her chocolate colored hair braided down her front and her gray eyes shielded from the world—they were dull and her face was angry, even though the song she was singing was meant to be cheerful. I know that I've seen her in this neighborhood before. People passed by her easily, ignoring her as if she was 'just another beggar on the street'. She was something more though. She was worth a lot more. I stopped in my tracks and just watched her, listened to her. Her nimble fingers picked at the guitar with ease, and her left had glided across the frets without a second thought. But her body was skinny, scarily so. Her arms were bordering on bones and her frame was dangerously thin. Was she anorexic? No, something told me otherwise. A strong feeling in the pit of my stomach told me that I should be worried about her. I took a glance at the small hat by her feet. Empty. I was disgusted that no one even bothered to share a dime or quarter. She had so much talent yet no one was giving her a second glance. I found my wallet at the back of my jeans and pulled it out. I stuffed my fingers into the slit of the wallet and pull out a note. All coherent thoughts flew away from my head and I let the money fall into her hat. Her eyes pulled up to mine in surprise. She continued playing her guitar but she looked at me a little angrily. Her expression was not exactly angry, but more like suspicious. She nodded at me in thanks before singing again. I give one last look to the hat at her feet and realize I accidently gave her a fifty-dollar note. Crap. It's too late to take it back. So instead, I walk away with thoughts like 'you're seriously talented' and 'you're amazing' bouncing around my head, but never quite making it to my lips. I may have lost fifty-dollars, but something told me that she needed it more than I did at the moment. I reel back to present time, pushing my flashback aside. I give the picture one last look before looking straight at Delly. "I'll do it." She squeals in delight and wraps her arms around me in excitement. I laugh at her reaction and she moves away from me and starts to jump around her office. I can't hold back the laughter from my stomach. She's so childish. "Oh my gosh! I have to call them and I have to tell them! Oh god, what if it's too late?" She drones on and sputters uncontrollably. I make a move to tell her to calm down but she's shooing me out of her office before I can do anything. "Out, out! I have a lot of work to do." Delly rambles before shutting the door in my face. I chuckle and shake my head. Well that's Delly for you. Katniss' ringtone is ' Outlines' by my favorite band All Time Low. All you ATL fans out there, you guys are awesome ;) The song that Katniss didn't like that Cato wrote was Rihanna's ' Diamonds' . I don't mean any offence when Katniss trashed it, but I'm not a big fan of radio pop. Neither is Katniss by the looks of things ;) Hahaha! Hope to hear from you soon and that you'll stick with this story :)