believe it. Really, truly , she couldn't. If there was any terrain she knew, it was that of her own District's. In fact, the last time she got lost in the place, she must've been little more than a small child. Now, she'd wandered the wrong way. Her pace slowed before eventually coming to a halt, and as if she'd been struck by something, she was frozen. Drop, drop, drop… Sporadic little droplets from above. Rain. The sky is getting darker. The rain is starting. Grizzly's trot quickly slowed down to give Johanna a puzzled glance. She wasn't sure if the animal knew of her phobia by now, but judging by the whine the animal gave, it might have been well aware of her trouble. What she was supposed to do now, she had absolutely no idea. No fucking idea. The rain drops that hit her were cold, and they ran down her skin like knives dragging across her. It didn't matter the weather wouldn't physically harm her. As far as she was concerned, she was about to experience downpour of horror. She had to get home. Frantically, she flung her head around, eyes hastily searching for some kind of shelter, some kind of landmark that would point her toward her initial path. Nothing. Not a single damned sign. She could feel her stomach drop, anxiety overcoming her. Water. It was building up, starting to pour down even more. It had gotten to the point where she was creeping beneath the trees - the pine trees , they had so little foliage to keep her dry - hoping that they would provide something. Avoiding the rain like acid. She was failing. Failing. Wet. Electrodes. Peeta's screams. Her own screams. Aggressive Peacekeepers. Her mind was doing a fucking amazing job at screwing her over. Where was she? Was this all an illusion? Was she about to receive another beating? Was that the sound of buzzing, or was that just the rain? She couldn't tell. She didn't know. There were a lot of noises blurring into the scene, everything was blurring, blurring… everything was awful. A solid, loud noise cut into the high-pitched noises that may very well have been her own voice. This other sound wasn't her voice, though. What was it? It sounded like a dog. Strange, she couldn't recall there being any of those in the torture cells… Her eyes snapped open to see a soaking wet dog with blotchy fur and a floppy ear. In the forest. Grizzly. The animal was right there, barking and scampering back and fourth, but only in one single direction, pointing to somewhere, trying to get her move. Move. Of course! The rain was unbearable as she mustered the courage to follow the animal. Though there was absolutely no solid proof of the canine's reasoning, it seemed that Grizzly was incredibly concerned for her. A lot of effort was made to simply stick with the reality of the situation. Patient was the dog when she stopped to catch her breath, or stopped due to panic. This went on for a while, and she wasn't exactly sure how long, due to the constant state of perturbation both her mind and body were in. All Johanna knew was that when she caught sight of the landmarks that Grizzly lead her to, she felt a most intense wave of relief. Well, as relieved as one could get when surrounded by a downpour of the element they feared and loathed more than anything. As soon as she caught sight of the Victor's Village, she dashed for her house as if it was the most beautiful thing she'd ever seen. Grizzly bounded in with her, just making it before she slammed the door shut. There was no time to fuck around. Johanna had never grasped a towel - or, five towels - as quickly as she did, drying herself off right away. The horrible twinge she felt was still ever-present, but she'd made her way home, and that was precisely what mattered. She was alive. She wasn't in the Captiol cell. She was okay. Well, probably. She was experiencing the worst of flashbacks, but she was grounded by the furry creature that never left her side. Grizzly was the reason she was home. The dog had memorized its way back, somehow, and realized how much the rain was upsetting her. That fleabag that she'd decided to help escape a bear trap was right there, and it cared so much about her. A sob erupted from her. It was one that was filled with so many emotions - a mixture of grief, shock, misery, gratitude . It was the sort of emotion she'd die before letting anyone else see. Before letting a living person see. Nobody would ever see a hardened warrior like herself burst into tears. Nobody but a goddamned dog; one that she now clung to, its wet fur tickling her scar-covered face. Did she care about the creature's stench? Not at all. For the rest of the night, Grizzly sat by her, staying close and keeping her company, serving as the number one reminder of reality. To any ignorant fuckface who'd never experienced torture and the loss of family, the woman may have looked ridiculous, cuddling up to the animal that was her only source of comfort. It didn't matter. She'd found a real friend. An honorary family member. One who would not leave her, would not run away, wouldn't die or burn or run off to a different District to live out a traditional love story. Nobody could take this dog away from her. Johanna Mason had found her place, after everything. She had a companion. Hi! This is my first time writing a Hunger Games fanfiction, so please forgive me if there are any errors in characterization. I just felt that Johanna needed someone to become buddies with, considering everyone pretty much ditched her. So, dog. Thanks for reading this! Have a jamming day.