I felt so immediately attracted to a man. I have only dated one guy seriously in my life, my college sweetheart Gale, and it was more about friendship than attraction. I finish brushing my teeth and head to my bedroom. Just as I'm about to pull my top off, I realize that my blinds are still open. I cross over to the window to close them but stop when I realize I can clearly see into a second-floor bedroom in Peeta's cabin next door. I freeze when Peeta walks by the open window, shirtless and brushing his teeth. My mouth drops open as I take in his naked, broad chest. He has a large tattoo on his ribs, however from this distance, I can't tell what it is. I can see the muscles in his stocky arms ripple as he brushes his teeth. His light-blonde chest hair is thick and full. It feels so wrong to be watching him like this, but I feel rooted to the spot and can't tear my eyes away. I note how low his shorts are hanging on his hips. I can see clearly defined muscles leading down to his— I jump back as he suddenly looks up and sees me staring at him through the window. He waves and I have nothing to do but awkwardly wave back and slam my curtains shut quickly. I dive under my blankets and hide under them quickly, not believing that just happened. I want to sink down into the mattress and hide forever. It takes me a good fifteen minutes of breathing exercises to finally calm down. He had no idea I was checking him out. For all he knows, I was just waving goodnight. I can't stop picturing his body in my mind. His thick chest hair and tight muscles. I imagine what he would have done if I would've taken my shirt off so he could see me play with my breasts through the window, if I would have softly teased my nipples with my fingers. I imagine him biting his lip and a tent forming in his shorts. Maybe he would have waved me over to his house. I would have thrown my shirt back on quickly and silently made my way next door. I would quietly join him in his bed and he would look at me like he wasn't sure if I was real or not. In response I would lift my tank top up over my head and he wouldn't be able to help slamming his lips onto mine. Finally giving into the temptation to touch myself, I softly moan as I reach up to drag my thumbs across both of my nipples. I imagine Peeta's thick hands rubbing back and forth across my peaks until I moan his name loudly. I imagine his tongue caressing my own as one of his hands slowly drifts down my body and under my panties. I moan again as I reach my center and realize just how wet I am. "Peeta…" I whisper in relief as I drag two of my fingers down through my seeping folds. It is so wrong to picture my father's friend this way, but I can't stop. I would pull his body on top of mine, unable to handle him being so far away from me. I would grind myself against his thick erection as he gasps my name over and over. He would hastily pull my panties down my toned thighs and I would take the opportunity to flip him over on his back. I would pull his shorts down his legs and gasp in appreciation as his erection sprang free. I would climb over his body, take his erection in my hand and slowly drag it through my seeping folds as he gasps in pleasure. "Katniss, we can't do this. It's… It's wrong," he would say through his moans. But I wouldn't listen and would sink halfway down his hard length with a loud gasp. "Are you sure?" I would say, my breasts swaying as I make an effort to hold myself still. I pick up speed as I continue to finger myself under my blanket. I start to rub my clit in earnest as I feel the tingling sensation start to build from deep in my stomach. He would shake his head, saying that he wasn't sure, and would flip me over on my back as he fully sheaths himself inside of me. Once there, he would pause and we would both take a moment to enjoy the sensation. He would start slow, almost teasing me while still slowly dragging his thumbs across my nipples. I would try to go faster, but he would hold onto my hips until I'm begging him for more. Then without warning he would drive into me hard, his muscles rippling as he thrusts into me over and over. I imagine his deep voice as he whispers my name against my skin. It would be tense with the effort of holding back his orgasm. I would tell him how amazing he feels. He would drag his hands from my nipples down to massage my clit while continuing to drive into me. My orgasm, which built up like a wave, washes over me in sweet relief. My back arches high off the bed and my toes curl with the sensation of it. As the waves of pleasure continue to roll over me, I sigh further into the bed. That was the best orgasm I've had in a very, very long time. I know it is wrong, but I reach over and grab Peeta's sweatshirt and pull it over my head. I sigh deeper as his scent envelopes me and I start to nod off. It is going to be a very, very long week. A/N: Very excited about my first WIP in forever. I have already written most of this story so updates should happen fairly frequently. I hope you all enjoy!