Capitol." It took a lot of fighting against her clattering teeth for Johanna to produce a single-worded response. "No!" She shrieked, jerking against the straps that so tightly confined her. The skin under the belts was already fading into a reddish color. The electricity was so overwhelming. Don't give in. Don't give in. She couldn't give in. She couldn't see straight. She couldn't stop herself from yelping. She couldn't stand this. "Turn it up." The President commanded, and her torturer obeyed. The buzzing grew louder. Johanna's pain grew sharper, disorientation taking over any clear thoughts. She was seeing flashing lights. Her entire body felt as if it were on fire. Her figure shook more violently, her voice raising in volume. "N-no," she called out, "Stop!" It didn't stop until several minutes passed. Was it minutes? Or, was it only seconds? Measuring time was the last thing she cared about. She wanted out, now , but she knew that it just wasn't realistic. There was no way in Hell she'd take the easy way out of this. That simply wouldn't be worth it. "Yes? Something you want to share with us?" Johanna was silent, dealing with the spinning sensation in her sight. Her entire body ached, but above all, her head ached. It stung, first from the shave, and even more from the electrocution. She kept her eyes closed, panting heavily. Moments passed before she finally glared up at the holograph. Snow must have been getting so much pleasure out of this. That thought in itself doubled her revulsion. It took an intimidating glare from the man who tortured her for her to finally speak up. " I'm… " She still shook, in spite of the machines being turned off, and when she replied, her tone came out less aggressive than intended. "I-I'm not t-telling you anything!" In spite of the pain she was in, Johanna kept her eyes focused on the monitor, her loathsome stare not ceasing for a moment. There was a pause, and the entire cell grew quiet. Even the President said nothing. That was, until he gave some sort of nodding signal, and the professional-looking sadist grabbed her by the jaw. He forced her mouth open with his fingers and shoved a mouthpiece between her teeth. When she tried to spit it out, she got a sharp slap to the face. The electricity returned. Her tremors were far more harsh. Her entire body was in agony. If her brain wasn't fried at that point, it probably would've been soon. The second round of electricity lasted longer than the first. The mouthpiece kept her from biting off her own tongue-which, in itself, was fucking ironic, given the Capitol's tendency to mutilate tongues. It had airflow, though, and it did nothing to hinder her miserable cries. When that terrible, terrible round stopped, it was sudden and without any indication of its end. The flow of the electricity came to a halt. Johanna still writhed in pain. She didn't want to think about what her body had done during the seizures. When the torturer took out the mouthpiece, she said nothing. Perhaps this was because she didn't want to give them the satisfaction of her response. Maybe it was because she was too drained of energy to manage more than another scowl. Either way, Snow gave the parting words. "Have a good night, Miss Mason." The hologram vanished, and the torturer walked out of the room without giving so much as a glance at Johanna. The room was silent, save for the sound of her ragged breathing, rhythmic and harsh. Her throat stung from so many loud vocalizations, her head throbbed as she tried to grasp the current situation. Consciousness was hard to hold onto, but the bright fluorescent lights above kept her awake. Aside from her horrible dizziness and seizing, Johanna was no less herself. That was to say, she was already miserable, but enraged as ever. The Capitol had no right to do this to her. They had no right to do anything they did. There was something vastly fucking wrong with a country that needed a rebellion, in the first place. Shit. Wherever the hell Katniss was, she better have been alive. This all had to mean something . As it was, Johanna's memories of rebellion secrets were beginning to get a bit hazy. Those weren't the only thoughts of hers that were. To make matters worse, the lights never went out. Hours flew by, and the light stayed on, never even bothering to flicker or die out. Telling time was out of the question, now that she was vaguely curious about it. Johanna spent a while staring at the wall, and what felt like an hour or so attempting to wiggle free from the chair. It was hard, and uncomfortable, much like the rest of the torture cell. Trying to get loose did nothing. After another go at failing to break free, she sighed in defeat, propping her head against the back of the chair. She closed her eyes, taking in the reality of the scene. This was it. Everything was downhill from there. Currently, she was far too tired to start devising an escape plan. So, Johanna sat in silence and soreness. Perhaps her dreams would have mercy on her tonight. It felt like forever before Johanna was able to doze off. Sleep had just begun to take her into nightmares that were, surprisingly, more pleasant than her interrogation. At least there were no electrodes in her subconscious. Her dreams would be the only escape from what was ahead. They were a little less horrible, and she could accept that. Then, the noise started, and Johanna was torn from her drowse. It started with voices in the cell beside her, and it grew in volume, turning into cries lower in pitch than her own. Even in the night, there was no solace. For, after Johanna's own cacophony of horror began the screams of Peeta Mellark.