to someone in the back over his shoulder. I was squatting down with Mia while she pointed to her favorites in the frosted cookie section. Incidentally, it seemed like every single one of them was her favorite. "Need something, Dad?" My eyes flitted up briefly at the sound of the new voice and then almost went back to the cookies before I did a double take. The man standing behind the counter now was so striking it took you a moment to adjust to his presence. He had windswept sandy blonde hair and the same piercing blue eyes as his father. His jawline was hard and undeniably masculine. I had to shake my head slightly to clear it, but thankfully I regained my composure quickly. Or so I thought... "Katniss," Mr. Mellark piped up, "This is Peeta, my son." Peeta's eyes turned to where I was squatting and I found myself standing up, feeling obligated to say something. I didn't have a chance to before my shoulder collided with the glass cake stand sitting on the counter I had been kneeling by. In what seemed like slow motion, it tumbled to the ground and shattered into a mess of glass shards and chocolate cake ruin. Mia screamed, but I stood speechless and felt every pair of eyes in the bakery turn to me. "Oh-oh my god," I spluttered. "I am so sorry." I knelt down and began trying to pick up the broken pieces, only to yelp slightly when I nicked my finger on a sharp edge. "Hey, don't worry about it," said the voice attached to the pair of knees crouching in front of me. I couldn't bring myself to look at him, my face red hot with embarrassment. I saw his hand reach out and take mine. "Is your finger alright?" He examined it with scrutiny. Realizing the pathetic nature of my situation-I was sitting on the floor of a public bakery, surrounded by the pieces of the no-doubt expensive cake stand I'd just destroyed, and seemingly incapacitated by a cut on my finger- I jerked my arm away a tad more roughly than I'd meant to. "Yeah, it's fine. Just a nick," I mumbled, sucking on it as I climbed to my feet. "Is there, like, a broom or something around here? I can sweep this up." "Katniss, it's okay." I finally allowed myself to look at him. He was smiling. "We've got about of thousand of those in the back. It's fine." I felt myself breathe a sigh of relief. I tried to offer to clean it up again, but Mr. Mellark had already returned with a broom and dustpan and waved away my words. "I do it all the time," he told me good naturedly. "You'd be surprised how often things break around here. Peeta just dropped a whole case of eggs we had delivered last week." Peeta laughed. "It's true," he said, "Broke every single one of 'em. I had to make about fifty quiches that day or they would've all gone to waste." I laughed, relaxing a little bit. When the mess had been entirely swept up, Peeta stuck his hand out to me. "Let's try this again. I'm Peeta." "Katniss. Katniss Everdeen." "Katniss Everdeen," he repeated softly. My pulse quickened unexplainably. "And I'm Mia!" my daughter cried, bounding up. Peeta looked back and forth between us and then crouched down to her level. "Hey, I saw you eyeing up the cookies earlier." He nodded at the case. "Would you like to pick one out?" Mia's smile stretched so big, it broke my heart to interrupt. "I'm sure she'd love a cookie, but she's allergic to gluten." Mia frowned up at me, as though her allergy were my fault. "Well, if you want to eat it and get sick, go right ahead." Amazingly, she seemed to be weighing her options. "No, your mom's right," Peeta said suddenly. "We wouldn't want you to get sick, squirt. But tell you what, I'll see what I can do about whipping up a batch that won't make you sick the next time you stop by okay?" I watched in surprise when Mia nodded, even if it was somewhat reluctantly. Mr. Mellark was perfectly timed when he called her over to ask if she wanted whipped cream on her hot chocolate. That left me and Mr. Jaw of Steel to stand awkwardly by ourselves. "Thanks for preventing that tantrum," I said. He just smiled and shook his head, but I couldn't tell if I detected a faint pink creeping up in his cheeks or if he was just flushed from the heat of the ovens I presumed were in back. "And, uh...I'm really sorry about the cake stand thing. Again," I added. "No seriously, don't worry about it." There was another short pause. He ran a calloused hand down the back of his head. "So, you start tomorrow?" "Yeah. 9:00 a.m. I'll have to get someone to watch Mia, but my friend's crazy about her, so..." "I imagine it's hard not to be," he said gently. We watched as she danced around his dad while he swirled large quantities of whipped cream on our cups. "Impossible," I answered, not much louder than a whisper. I saw him glance at me briefly out of the corner of my eye. Then Mia was rushing up to me with a cup outstretched. "Thanks, button." I swept a piece of her hair behind her ear as I took it from her. "We should probably get going. I'll see you tomorrow at 9:00, Mr. Mellark. Thanks again." "Don't mention it!" I nodded at Peeta. "See you around," he said. "Don't forget my cookies, mister." Mia added, eyeing him beadily with her gray eyes. Peeta just laughed and promised he wouldn't. Then Mia and I were out the door hand-in-hand, leaving the warmth of the bakery behind but with a new hope blossoming inside of us that kept us warm all the way home.