kick. " Talk," the third Peacekeeper barks, a man by the last name of Argo. "Ten minutes until high tide, and you're not quite high enough. If you stay silent, you'll drown, although we'll gag you before the water does." I have no stomach anymore. Like an echidna's guts, it has been exposed directly to the sea and fallen out. "Where's Mama?" I want to shriek for all my lungs are worth, but all that comes out of my mouth is a rasp. "Fast asleep, thanks to chloroform," Argo says wryly. "Now, tell me, Rybakova: Where are the books?" "We have a few for sale at Shells and Sundries. Which ones are your favorites? Mysteries? Adventure?" "Wrong answer." Peacekeeper Echidna steps forward and slaps me first on my right cheek, then the left. "Where are the real books, the ones you and your mother use for accounting? The ones that prove guilt?" "The only guilt is yours," I hiss through clenched teeth, "for starving people who are already hungry -" The wind is abruptly knocked out of me by a blinding punch to the belly I no longer have, but it still feels pain. My mouth drops open, as if my jaw has come unhinged. I can barely breathe again, let alone confess! "Nice work, Argo," Pyxis snarls. "You always were one for knocking people speechless. Let's let the tide deal with her, before our people get curious and want to deal with us. Where's Marquise, by the way?" "I sent her on early patrol," Echidna answers, "because I think she likes this one. I'll stand guard. You two go." The men offer her the salute of Panem and depart, all too glad not to witness this spectacle. When they're gone, she points at my chemise. "Hey, I can see your nipples through your nightdress. I should drag you off to court for indecent exposure. Uh-oh, here comes a wave!" It crashes over my limp form. "Warm enough for you?" When she sees I'm visibly shivering, she says, "You'd better come clean, then." "What do you care if some bars of soap and seashell sculptures are missing from Capitol shipments, eh?" I'm surprised at how many words are cascading from my mouth, which has a cut. "Also, you're drenched." "Am I? Gee, I never noticed." The Peacekeeper's glare is lethal, but I don't perish yet. "Listen: those aren't the only things that are missing. Food, clothing, whale oil, luxuries - they should have been transported to the Capitol by now, but they haven't been. I don't much care about the piddling items you mentioned, but I do care about my job. If I lose it, I'll be just as hungry as the pathetic pieces of beggar scum you think you care about! Let me tell you something, shop-sweeper. Entitlement is a deadly belief here in Panem. If you think you're special, the ocean will prove to you that you're not. Its tides don't care whom they engulf." I close my eyes, with salt-encrusted eyelashes, and fall silent. Another ice-cold wave crests above me. "Do you want me to flog you right here? Do you want me to make you bleed?" I can barely hear Echidna. "Do you think that just because I'm a woman, I'll be gentle and won't do this to you? You're wrong." She reaches into her weapons belt and pulls out a real whip, as was used in the days before Panem, or so I've heard. Then she shakes her head. "No, you're not worth my time. You'll soon be dead, but just in case - one last chance." She smiles sweetly, like Mama does, which makes her all the scarier. "Come on, now." I say not a word. If I'm going to be chained like Andromeda, I'll die like her, with no Perseus to rescue me. The place deepest inside myself is empty, as it should be, and it shall be filled with nothing but the sea. " Damn you!" Echidna rips a band of cloth off of her right arm, gags me, and then flees the scene angrily. ~ 6:02 AM ~ Eyes closed. Hold your breath - NOW. One, one thousand, two, one thousand, three, one thousand. How long will it be until Mother wakes up and finds me? She's the only one who comes to this little cove. Four, one thousand, five, one thousand, six, one thousand. I can barely feel my body now, except that it's wet and frigid. Do I have individual limbs? I can't remember. Bite through gag. Can't. When it's soaked with seawater like this, it gets more rigid, not softer! Try again! Relax. Relax. Relax. That's…it. Sixty. Sixty-one. Sixty-two. Sixty-three. Two more. Minutes. Two more. Must last. Two more. My head is suddenly slammed against the rocks by a forceful wave, and I feel a trickle of blood form on it. ~ 6:03 AM ~ Drowning is quite painful in its early stages. Have you ever had water go upward into your nasal passages? Imagine that pain and discomfort magnified one hundredfold, and you have what the onslaught of any gush into your respiratory system feels like. Add salt to said water, and it's agony. As in now. ~ 6:04 AM ~ " What the hell? Rybakova?! Is that you up there? Oh, no, no, stay with me, I'm getting you down now -" ~ 7:00 AM ~ A blur of tears. A hazy, white environment. Soft sheets. A face, but I can't tell whose. Where am I? "Andrea? It's me, Peacekeeper Marquise. Your mother's here. You're in the hospital. You're safe." " The books." Those two words are all I can muster through my parched mouth and salt-seared throat. " Shhhh. It's all right. Just rest now, and we can talk about it later. I'm so glad - I mean, we almost lost -" We…lost? No, we won… The last things that I see before blackness engulfs me are the faces of Marquise's fellow Peacekeepers. FIN 7-2-13