looked ready to argue, but seemed to think better of it. "Yes, I suppose you can," he conceded, "I wouldn't want to spit upon your generosity, Madam Mayor." "That's what I thought," she reached down to adjust the blanket around the boy and smiled widely. "Welcome back," she said to Peeta who had awoken at some point during their conversation. He didn't hear her. She ran her fingers lightly around his hairline, but still he didn't respond to her in the slightest. His eyes were open, but fixed on a point off to the side. Pya followed his line of sight, right into the eyes of her own daughter who was standing in the entrance to the hallway a few feet away. Katniss was staring hard, but not in her usual searching fashion. This look was more confusion than curiosity, as though she'd already scanned him and found that she didn't know what he was. Something about this boy had her stumped and she was looking inward for what exactly that meant. Pya wanted to reprimand her, to tell her once again, to go to bed, but she was intrigued by her daughter's behavior and for a long moment she forgot to breathe. Artos was so focused on his son's opened eyes that he noticed nothing that went on around him until Pya spoke. "Come here, Katniss," she said, holding out her hand. She watched her daughter approach cautiously, taking each step with more hesitation than the one before. Pya lifted the bowl of broth and put it in Katniss's hands saying, "Sweetheart, this is Peeta. I want you to make sure that he swallows every sip of this soup, while I take his dad upstairs to the extra bedroom. Can you do that?" Katniss nodded and took the bowl, then plopped down crosslegged on the floor before the fire. Pya looked up at Artos, "Will you come with me?" "Of course," Artos nodded. He removed the blanket from around himself, then wrapped it around his son until every inch of the boy was covered in layers of fabric. He dug through the top until he found Peeta whose arms flailed clumsily in his quest for the surface. He pulled the fabric down just enough to free Peeta's face, then kissed him on top of the head, "I'll be right back." He grabbed his shirt from the floor and threw it over his head as he followed Pya from the room. Together they ascended the staircase. Every few steps, Artos would turn his head back to find Katniss shoveling soup into his son's mouth while chattering in a long unbroken line. Even if Peeta wanted to reply, she never gave him the chance. "Is she always that talkative?" Artos asked, once they reached the first landing. "Never," Pya replied. She showed him the guest room where she turned down the bed then found him some fresh towels. "Sorry the room is small," she said, "but it should be comfortable enough." "I'm sure it will be," he replied. "Have you eaten today?" He shook his head. "I'll keep the broth on the stove for you. Have as much as you like. In fact, have whatever you like down there. We have plenty to go around." "The broth will be fine," Artos said stiffly, looking around at the guest room that was so luxurious, he was certain that he'd never set foot in a room this nice . The mattress on the bed looked plush and the down comforter looked warm and inviting. The top of the headboard was gilded. The furniture was made of a beautiful, dark wood, carved intricately with patterns of fleur-de-lys, and roses. Under his torn shoes, Artos could feel the give of the soft carpet. The room had a its own fireplace and on top of the mantle was a pair of candle holders made of solid silver. "You want me to stay in here?" he asked, casting his eyes at the surrounding extravagance, "There's no need for this. We can sleep down by the fireplace." Pya looked up at him from where she was smoothing down the sheets with her hands, "This house has seven bedrooms. We may as well get use out of a couple of them." She handed him a towel and showed him where the bathroom was, then returned down the stairs to where Katniss sat beside Peeta who was drowsing where he sat. Apparently she'd finally been exhausted of words and the two sat in sleepy silence in front of the fireplace. Pya checked the clothes that hung over the fireplace grate and found them dry. She put them over one shoulder, then hoisted the boy over the other and carried him up the stairs. He was asleep before they reached the top. An hour before dawn, while the moon still shone bright through his window, Peeta was awoken by a hand shaking his shoulder. "Come on," he heard his dad say softly, "it's time to go." Peeta sat at the edge of the mattress while his dad slipped socks onto his feet, followed by his shoes. "Why can't we stay?" Peeta asked softly. "Sorry, buddy," said Artos, as he took his son by the hand, "I wish we could, but we don't belong here." They crept down the stairs, listening for any other sounds of life in the house, but all was quiet. Suddenly Artos stopped, causing Peeta to run into his back. As his forehead impacted with his father's spine, Peeta could hear the faint clinking of metal upon metal in Artos' pocket. He watched his dad freeze once more, searching the halls for anyone who might have woken up, but the house was still. Artos reached for the door and pulled, then lead Peeta out into the darkened street. I'm keeping this in the M rating for future chapters. Smut and violence to come later in the story. :) Review if you like it. Find me on tumblr: wakebytheriver