in his apartment building. I made it to his door and desperately began pounding. "Cato!" I yelled, knocking so hard that my knuckles screamed in pain. "Cato!" No one responded. He wasn't in. He was gone. "Dammit!" I swore, before running down the stairs and back outside. Sweat began forming little drops on my forehead as I continued to run down the street, now heading toward Gale's house. I glanced down to my watch again. 6:32 "Shit!" I gasped, speeding up. "Shit, shit!" There was no way I'd make it there in time. " My name is Donald Talbot ." the voice I hated rang out in the street suddenly, his face coming on one of the many TV screens installed in the city. I stopped when I heard him, panting terribly, as I tried to catch my breath. " Our regime was voted into office nine years ago. And the first order of business was to deal with the epidemic of crime that was plaguing this nation. The answer was the Purge." "Fuck you, Donald Talbot." I murmured, narrowing my eyes at the screen and clenching my fists tight. I tuned out the rest of his speech and began speeding down the street again, no longer sure which direction I was headed in. How I wished I had never stopped by at Cato's today. How I wished I hadn't felt the need to check on him and try to talk him out of something that I knew I had no say about anyway. I knew he wouldn't listen to me. I had no idea why I even bothered. Maybe it just felt like an obligation even though I was no longer a part of his life; which was my own decision. I guess I just wanted to make sure I'd get to see him before this fucked up holiday was going to take place. People these days had this tendency to either shut everyone out or the opposite; they'd act all nice and friendly, because everyone knew that anything could happen. For many, things would not be the same the morning after. Well, as far as I knew, because of Cato and my own stupidity I was now stranded downtown fifteen minutes before the commencement. I couldn't imagine how scared my poor family must be. Their faces appeared in my head and I choked back all the tears that were trying to get out. Another face crossed my mind. Gale. I remembered our last chat and I couldn't believe that for all I knew that could have been our last conversation. Ever. How could he go off on me like that and just walk away? Especially today. I knew he might have had his reasons to believe that I wasn't going to just check on Cato. If it was any other day, I would have said his anger was actually well justified. But it wasn't. There was nowhere to hide. I knew that very well. After all, I have been out during the Purge before. I knew what kind of people were going to be out in the streets. I knew how well prepared they would be. I had no weapons. I had absolutely nothing on me. I was screwed. Soon enough I heard the last words that I wanted to hear while stranded in the middle of downtown Los Angeles; "News 13 wishes anyone who is not participating in this year's Purge a safe evening and for those releasing the beast, a successful cleanse. Good luck." I stopped in the middle of an intersection, looking around frantically, as the most horrifying sounds of alert followed the voice of the reporter; "This is not a test. This is your Emergency Broadcast System announcing the commencement of the Annual Purge sanctioned by the U.S. Government." Oh dear God. "Weapons of Class 4 and lower have been authorized for use during other weapons are restricted. Government officials of Ranking 10 have been granted immunity from the Purge and shall not be harmed." I kept looking around, as if I was searching for a miracle rescue team to suddenly come to my aid. No one was going to come. No one was going to help. "Commencing at the siren, any and all crime, including murder, will be legal for 12 continuous hours. Police fire, and emergency medical services will be unavailable until tomorrow morning at 7:00 am when The Purge concludes." The faces of all the people I cared for were hunting my mind, making me feel dead. Because for all I knew... I was dead already. I was screwed. "Blessed be our New Founding Fathers and America, a nation reborn. May God be with you all." The siren was like an announcement of a death sentence for me, filling my insides with cold fear. I couldn't think straight. I couldn't move. I couldn't breathe. I was all alone. I was royally screwed. A/N: Seems like my inspiration for writing Clove/Cato stories is neverending. So just to fill you guys in; this fanfic is obviously a crossover. I have recently seen a movie called The Purge: Anarchy (which in my modest opinion is a very good and eye-opening film) and it was not the first time I watched it, actually. But it was the first time I got an idea for an AU Hunger Games fanfiction. If you think about it, the idea of The Purge and The Hunger Games are quite similar. They both take place in the future where the people have become slaves to the system, more or less. Scary, huh? This story will be a Clove/Cato centric with a couple of other Hunger Games characters included of course. So far, it's those two, Gale and Johanna. Now, because this story is an AU, the characters will be relatively OOC, although I'll try to keep them somewhat in character, still. I hope you guys enjoyed it and will leave me a little review! Let me know if you're interested.