the mayor, Daniel and Lala Greene came walking out. Just as ten o'clock came, the mayor walked up to the podium and began to read the story of the Dark Days. The Dark Days are the reason that we have the Hunger Games; it's when the districts started the uprising against the Capitol. Twelve were defeated by the Capitol and the thirteenth was destroyed by the Capitol. The Treaty of Treason was made and, as our reminder that the Dark Days must never be repeated we have the Hunger Games every year. After the mayor finished telling us about the Dark Days and the Hunger Games, he went and sat down and Lala Greene came up to the podium. Lala Greene is the District 4 escort, he has dark pink hair that sticks up at the top of his head, he is tall with yellow eyes and blue lips, and he is wearing an all green suit. He is always really happy to come to District 4, and every year he always looks the same but just has a different hair colour. "Welcome welcome, to the 44th Hunger Games. Now, it is time to pick the male and female tribute that will represent District 4 in the Hunger Games this year." Lala said. "Ladies first." Lala said, and then crossed the stage to the glass ball that holds all of the girls' names. He sticks his hand into the ball and pulls out the first paper that touches his hand. He holds the paper out to everyone as he opens it and reads the name. He reads the name but I don't really hear it, but I do see a scared little fourteen year old walking onto the stage. Then Lala asked for any volunteer's and I see Daniel look me straight in the eyes. I step out of the crowd, "I volunteer as tribute!" I yell. The look on the little girls face just got really happy and she walked off the stage and ran into her mother's arms as I walked onto the stage. "And what is your name dear?" Lala asked. He put the microphone in front of me. "Rebecca Jacobs." I said with a smile on my face. "Well it was very nice of you to volunteer for that little girl." Lala said. 'He is so dumb' I thought to myself. "Now for the boys." Lala walked over to a lookalike glass ball but had all the boys' names in it. He took name slip out of the ball and walked back over to the microphone and read the name. "Chase Reed" before the twelve year old boy could even start walking towards the stage; Ethan ran out of the crowd and yelled, "I volunteer as tribute!" then he walked to the stage and stood two feet away from me and Lala asked for his name. "Ethan Miller." He said. "Our tributes for District 4; Ethan Miller and Rebecca Jacobs. Go on you two shake hands."Lala said. Ethan and I turn to each other and we shake hands. Then Lala said "Happy Hunger Games. And may the odds be ever in your favor." And the Capitol anthem started to play When the anthem ended, Lala turned Ethan and myself around towards the Justice Building and lightly pushed us through the door and the Peacekeeps lead us to our own private rooms so that our loved ones can come and say goodbye to us for one hour. I only have one friend and that's Ethan and my only loved one is Daniel, but I will see him on the train so he won't come to say goodbye. Just then a woman came in followed by a Peacekeeper. "You five minutes." The Peacekeeper said. The woman came up to me and hugged me. "I know you don't know me but you know my son Ethan. I just wanted to say good luck in the arena and I hope that you or my son win's." she hugged me one more time before the same Peacekeeper came in and took her out. 'That was really weird. A woman I never even met came and wished me luck'. The door opened again and this time a girl a year older than me came in. She had red puffy eyes like she had just been crying. I'm guessing that she is Ethan's sister. She took something out of her pocket, it was a piece of ocean blue ribbon with a little round medaling that has a quart moon and three wave carved into it. She went behind me and tied it around my neck, with the medaling falling right in the middle of my neck. "There, I hope you wear this in the arena as your district token." She said. I looked at her and shook my head yes. Then she hugs me. She is still hugging me when the Peacekeeper came in and took her away. After she left I had to wait another fifty minutes before I could go onto the train. As I waited I just sat there thinking about going into the arena. I asked myself question like; Are Ethan and I going to team up or are we going to team up with the other Career district? But I really don't want to be a Career, in fact I hate them more than anything because it was a Career pack that killed my brother in his sleep, and I hate them for it. Fifty minutes went by really fast and the Peacekeeper came in and took me out of my room and to the car that was waiting outside for me, Ethan and Lala. Ethan was already out there waving to the people of District 4 and the people of the Capitol with a big smile on his face, and I stood next to him with a fake smile on my face waving like Ethan. Then we got into the car to get to the train station.