almost instantly. "Now you go" Peeta took a knife from Clove and copied exactly what he saw Cove do. The knife flew onto the target but not in the middle. It landed far to the right, but it stuck. "Not bad Peter, not bad at all, I'm such a great teacher" she said smiling to herself. Cocky hoe Peeta thought with a smirk on his face. "It's Peeta by the way, and thanks" "Yeah yeah whatever, anyway, theirs a festival in District 2 tonight, wanna come?" Clove asked with one eyebrow raised. "I mean I don't care if you come and all, I was just inviting cuz I'm so damn nice and charitable" The word charitable burned his mind and made him angry. "No thank you, I have to go take care of my father, you know us poor people, always having to worry about family." Peeta said with hints of anger. Clove had a confused look on her face not realizing what she had said. Peeta glared at her, and quickly walked away, but not before taking a last look on Cato, who was now staring at him with those blue eyes that held such fire in them. Even then Peeta glared at him, and walked away. He decided not to go back to the shack just yet, seeing it was still early. He wandered through the streets some more until it actually did get dark. He went back to the field, knowing Clove would not be there anymore. He sat under that tree he grew a fond of. How could he be so stupid? He had actually forgotten people here were cruel and cold, he should have known she was just being charitable to the poor pathetic baker boy from District 12. He was so angry, he did not even notice when sleep took a hold of him. "Get up" a foot lightly kicked him on his side. His vision was blurry from sleep but it started to get clearer and clearer until he saw Clove's face of stone in front of him. "What do you want?" Peeta asked coldly. "Come to make a charitable donation to the lower class?" Clove scowled "OK look, sorry if I offended you or whatever... I was being dumb...and whatever." Clove looked away into the distance. Peeta could tell it was hard for her to apologize, so he hid a smile. "apology accepted" he said softly. Clove looked at him with a cocky smirk "Idiot" she said offering a hand to help Peeta up, which he took. "I'm guessing you slept the whole night here?" Peeta took a few seconds to register what she had said and freaked out. "Oh man! My Dad's probably worried like hell!" Peeta looked at Clove for some kind of approval and got a sigh out of her. "Go ahead jeez, I'm not your master or anything!" Peeta smiled, maybe not everyone was so bad in this district. He ran off to the shack only to find it empty yet again, without his father in sight. Instead there was another note in place. Peeta, Thought you might have spent the night with some new friend or whatnot, if you're reading this, I've gone off to deliver more bread, the sweet breads a big hit! Hopefully then our lives can change with a bit of luck. Anyway, be back soon.- Dad He was still avoiding me, sooner or later he'll have to come back to face him. Peeta's back ached from where he slept in the field. He laid down on the bed and took a nap. He was suddenly in the Hunger Games, and almost all the people he had seen on the field were there fighting to the death. Even Clove was throwing knives at some random girl. Then he saw Cato coming after him with that fierce expression and a large steel sword in his hand. Peeta looked at him in terror as he stopped right in front of him. He lift his sword and struck down with no hesitation. Peeta instantly awoke and it was morning again. He was really sleeping a lot. Thankfully his father was not gone, and was next to him snoozing away his exhaustion. Peeta shook him and his fathers eyes opened. "Morning Dad" Peeta said with a seriousness to his voice. "Morning kiddo, haven't seen you in a while" "Dad, I'm going to get right to the point, who hit you?" Peetas dad's face darkened. "Don't worry about it son, it was just a scratch" "Just a scratch!? Dad, I told you to not let them treat you like dirt! You have to stand up for yourself! Fight back!" Peeta realized he was yelling and sighed heavily. "I just don't want them to push you around" Peeta muttered. His father looked at him sadly "I know son but...what choice do I have...they're our top clients, if we lose them...well...that's the end for us." Peeta grit his teeth. He was right; As much as he hated to admit it, he needed these people in a way to help him and his family survive. "I'm going to go deliver more bread today" "I'm coming with you, and I will not take no for an answer" Peetas dad looked as if he were about to say something but just nodded in defeat. With that, they packed up and went to the houses of the day...or house to be more exact. Their was only one family that wanted bread today... The Hendersons? And that ends chapter 1, I gotta be honest, it is so not good, at least for me because their isn't much Cato and Peeta moments, but hey, have you forgotten that Henderson is Cato's last name? Hahaha so that'll be fun for the next chapter. Also I'm involving Clove a lot in this for a reason, that will be known I the future lol anyway thanks for reading, leave a review please and I'll see you on the next update.