just shrug it off and I spend the rest of the match throwing bits and pieces of the popcorn I was eating and his head. At the end of the game, he starts throwing the chess pieces at me and Peeta has to jump between the two of us before someone hurts the other. By the time evening comes and Haymitch has left, we are so exhausted we can barely move. "I better get going home, Peeta," I tell him as we lay on the couch, his hand twiddling with my braid. "Ok," He whispers. But I don't move, I just stay in my spot. My head is on his lap, his fingers have untangled my braid and my hair now falls in waves around my head. "I should really. . . " I trail off the blackness absorbs me as I hear Peeta shushing softly and whispering that he still loves me gently. I run frantically around the Capitol streets, frantically searching for my partner, my friend. I can't find him anywhere. Nor do I see his blonde locks or blue eyes anywhere in my vicinity. After many minutes of my unsuccessful searching, I end up in the huge City Square. There he stands, snake-like and venomous, with a white rose in his lapel. President Snow. "Aren't you going to save your dear, dear boyfriend, Ms. Everdeen?" He questions, a smirk plays on his lips. I turn and see Peeta standing on some sort of wooden platform, his neck circled with a rope which hangs from a wooden post above him. A Peacekeeper pulls some sort of lever and the platform retracts. Peeta's body drops and goes limp. He hangs there in midair, twirling left to right. I break down, I sob. Then a peacekeeper comes and puts a gun to my head. He pulls the trigger and my world goes black. I awake, sweating and terrified on a couch. It isn't my couch, the red velvet tells me this. However, I am covered in a puffy, white comforter and there is a soft, cushiony feather pillow behind my head. I take a look at the spotless floor around me and realize that I must still be at Peeta's house. Of course he wouldn't wake me once I had fallen asleep; he's too courteous to do so. I am still shaking and I can't control the tremor that invades my bottom lip. Before I know it I'm sobbing. I know Peeta must be upstairs. If he isn't in the room with me, he must've gone to bed. I hate to disturb him at this late hour, but I need him, I really need him. I run up the stairs and burst through the door to his bedroom. The door hits the wall with a loud bang and Peeta immediately jolts from his peaceful slumber. His eyes wander a bit as he tries to place where he is, and then lock on me. "Katniss!" He exclaims worriedly, he gets up and walks towards me, "What's wrong? Are you OK?" He is in front of me now, and he reaches a hand out and places it sweetly on my shoulder. I can't speak, I'm sobbing too loudly now. "I was-. . . And you were gone and-. . . Snow had you-" I continue to sob wildly and barely choke out anything intelligible. He pulls me into a tight hug. "Shh," He murmurs in my ear, "It's OK now, Katniss, I'm here, I won't let them hurt you," He pulls away from me and stares at me right in the eyes for a few moments, his lips slightly parted and his eyebrows raised in distress. He leans in towards me and pauses suddenly as his lips are about to meet mine, as if asking permission, I don't pull away and he seems to take this as consent to continue. He gives me a slow, but quick kiss, full-on the lips. He pulls back, "Better?" He whispers. I nod my head. He grabs my hand and pulls me onto the bed as he draws the deep blue covers back. I lay down and he lays down next to me, my back pressing into his stomach and his knees locked with mine. He puts one arm around me and I latch onto the hand that comes to rest gently against my stomach. I bring it up to my mouth and kiss it slowly, taking in his scent. "Peeta," I quietly whimper. "Yes?" He responds, pushing my dark locks of hair out of my eyes. "Don't ever leave me," I tell him, turning around and staring directly into the blue holes that have dilated ever so slightly. "Okay," He mutters as he smiles. "No, you need to promise," I demand, "Promise that you'll never leave me." He looks at me sweetly and places a hesitant kiss on my forehead, "I promise." I shift in his arms and get comfortable. As sleep, as well as Peeta, pulls me into its soft embrace, I hear him whisper a word, almost inaudibly. "Always." A/N~ Greetings, reader! If you are not aware. This is a rewrite of my previous story "Moving On". Much more creative title, huh? But anyways, if you read and enjoyed 'Moving On' before this, I am very hopeful that you will enjoy this one as well. Prepare for better plot development, characterization, detail, etc.! AND ALSO MORE CHAPTERS! :O I just thought Moving On was too short and my writing was not the best. You will not have to have read Moving On before this in order to understand this one as it isn't a sequel, just a rewrite. But it's going to be great! And this time, I'm actually writing as I go instead of just posting a story I wrote a long time ago on a new site. :O So, sit down, get some popcorn, snuggle up next to the fire place, cover up with a blanket, and enjoy 'Growing Flames'. :)