opened and out poured a cry of ecstasy along with a number of expletives she wasn't accustomed to using. Peeta released her hands, wrapped his arms around her body and held on as he came hard, riding the waves of endorphins, his brain shot into his system at the feeling of final release. He shuddered a few times, before coming to a stop. He raised his head and saw her smiling at him. "Hey," she whispered. Peeta pressed his forehead to hers and sighed, smiling back at her, "Hey." He rolled off of her, but kept his arms around her, so that her back was against his chest as they lay on the tile. As she moved, her eyes glanced down at their naked bodies and in the space between them, she saw something that made her curious. "Look at that," she said, nodding toward the spot. Peeta reluctantly took his eyes from her face and followed her gaze down to a spot of blood on the tile. He smiled cockily at it. He'd made that happen. "So, just me?" he asked, trying to wipe the pride from his face. "Just you," she confirmed, "how about you? Anyone I should be jealous of?" He shook his head and beads of sweat flew from his forehead, "Just you." They made love twice more before they heard the two pairs of feet running through the hallway outside of the bathroom. One of their voices came through the door. "Check them all. There's only so many places he could go." Peeta sighed. He knew his guards would catch up eventually. "How the hell'd they get out of the closet?" he asked aloud. He'd tied them up pretty good before heading down here. "You better go," Katniss said, not sounding the least bit happy about it. "I don't want to," he said staring her in the eyes, "I don't know what going to happen when I leave this room." She put a hand to his face and leaned her forehead against his, "Believe me, you don't want them to find us here. Whatever happens out there, we had tonight. Don't forget that." "What if I go crazy again?" She opened her mouth to reply, but stopped herself before any words could form. She didn't have an answer. It was very possible that by the time the sun came up, the last few hours wouldn't even matter. Sleep and the sobering light of day might just be enough to send him back into uncertainty and fear, but they didn't have time to worry about that. The voices were getting closer and reality was on its way to destroy them. It was time to go. It took everything they had to disentangle themselves from each other and get dressed. Katniss took her towel, which was covered in the blood from Peeta's hand, added her own blood to it from the floor and dropped it into the trash door. When she turned back, Peeta was broodingly looking at the door where the towel had disappeared. "Were you hoping for a souvenir?" she asked with a grin. "I get the feeling I have enough of those on my back, thank you," he told her with a grin, "The hickies are gonna be hard enough to explain." "Don't even start with that," she complained, "You don't live with Johanna. I might never hear the end of this." With that, she smoothed her hair over the love bruises that had been added to her neck and joined him at the door. "I'll lead them off so you can get out of here," he offered. She didn't refuse. Her hand found his and when the guards had passed, he leaned down, kissed her quickly, but deeply, and then darted out the door and down the hall. Just like that, he was gone. A couple of days later, she was on her way to training when she passed him in the hall. Security had been doubled since his little adventure through the base. Coin had been angry to find that he'd destroyed a bathroom and had set extra people to watch him around the clock. Strangely, she didn't feel the need to stop his training. As Katniss passed, she didn't look at him, but instead reached over as if to rub her shoulder. Knowing that he'd be watching, she pulled down her collar and revealed the purple mark his mouth had made upon her neck. It was her little signal to him that said, "I remember that night. Don't you forget it." Just as she passed, she heard a snarl and a thud. She looked. Peeta had lunged. His guards had him on his knees in front of her. At first, she saw the rage that usually encompassed his face, then he smiled. Not a big one, honestly the corner of his mouth turned up for a few seconds, but it was enough. He mouthed a single word to her. "Hey." It was difficult not to burst out laughing. At the same time, she wanted to slap him. Was he trying to get her in trouble? She looked up at the guards who apologized profusely. One of them made a move to club Peeta on the back of the head, but she put her hands up to stop him. "Just keep a better eye on him next time," she told them with a roll of her eyes. The moment her back was turned her lips turned up in a smile that matched Peeta's. It took everything she had not to look back. Just before she rounded the corner, her left hand curled itself up a couple of times in what she hoped he would see as a wave. The moment she was out of sight, a wave of joy came over her as memories from a few nights past overtook her mind. Her lips spread into a wide smile and all she could do was return the greeting to empty hall. "Hey."