I throw a knife and it slashes your dirty forehead beautifully. Cato would be proud. I tackle you to the ground and you put up a good fight, but I got you pinned with my arms and legs and I let you take a good look at one of my friends. It's sharp and shiny. I tell you I want to give them a good show and smile, as I notice fear in those eyes of yours. You're dead, girl on fire. This is how you're going to die. I finally get to end you. For everything you've done. For showing us up. For being better. For being so lucky. For your braveness. For being loved. For being able to love. For making me.. feel. You will be sorry. I tease you about Rue, because I long to hurt you in every way I can. You spit in my face and that sends me over the edge. I sink my knife in your lip, cutting it open, happy to see you bleed. But my happiness doesn't last long. I am thrown off of you and stuck in a tight, bone crushing grip that the boy from 11 holds me in. Thresh is his name, I remember. And I really don't know why it matters to me all of a sudden. Damn you, Katniss. You watch him yell in my face, asking if I killed little Rue. I didn't. You know I didn't. Why are you quiet? If you're so good and so brave, why don't you say anything? I know that in your eyes I don't deserve forgiveness. I don't deserve to be saved. I know that you are hoping he will kill me. I am just a kid, though, Katniss. I just wasn't as lucky as you. You were better off. I don't want to die. Please, don't let him kill me. Please, say something, Katniss. Please. Thresh picks up a big rock and I find myself losing it completely. So this is how it feels to be scared? This is how I made those kids feel before my friends buried themselves in their bodies? This is how humans are supposed to feel, seconds away from dying.? Cato. His name echoes in my head, comforting me a little. I should have woken him. I should have asked him to come. I should have.. said a lot of things. Did you ever tell someone you cared for them, Katniss? Do you care for Peeta? The rock is about to crush my skull and not even that dark, vicious side of me can stop the scream from coming out of my mouth? 'Cato!' Maybe he will come. Maybe he woke up and realized that I went to Cornucopia by myself. Please, Cato.. Please. 'Clove!' Thank you. I know he's too far. I know he can't save me. And you know that, too, don't you? Do you pity me now too? Do you feel sorry? Do you realize I care for that guy that's sprinting in our direction? And as his voice almost breaks, when he sees Thresh bring the rock down on my head, do you realize now that he cares, too? I feel no pain. But I know I'm dying. It's taking me away. My pitiful, pathetic life flashes before my eyes and I feel tears roll down my cheeks, because I realize that these sad, dark images are all that my life was. Filled with blood, coldness and my victims' screams. You will enjoy watching your life the way I am now right before you die, won't you? It will make you feel so warm inside. You'll be ready to face death. And damn you for that, because I feel so cold inside. So empty. And then his face appears out of nowhere, his eyes glistening with pain, because he knows that it's over. He knows we will not go home together. Warmth fills my body right up and I realize I am smiling. Is this what you're going to feel when your time runs out? Because if yes, then damn you, Katniss. It feels pretty good. I feel safe and ready now. 'It's okay, little girl.' Cato whispers in a soothing tone 'you're okay.' He feels now too. And as I look deeply into his eyes, I realize that this side of him has always been there. If only I'd known that before. I would have never volunteered. Damn you, Katniss. And thank you. I really didn't want to die as a monster. I am a different person now. And he is here with me. But not for much longer... 'You're not alone, Princess.' Cato says, choking back tears 'you're not alone, little one.' I smile again weakly, because that's all I am capable of. I wish I had told him before... I wish I had told him that I'd always cared. Somewhere deep inside, I always had. One last memory crosses my mind. Cornucopia. Bloodbath. I throw my first knife at the boy and he collapses on the ground, revealing who he was about to kill. It was you, Katniss. It doesn't matter that I threw another knife at you. It doesn't matter that I almost killed you a few minutes ago. Because Katniss, if it hadn't been for me, you would have died the very first day. You may be a better person. You may have family and friends. You may win the Games. But there is one thing I am hoping will hunt you forever. I saved your damn life, Katniss. You owed me, Girl on fire. I saved your life and so you saved mine, not in the literal way, though. And you didn't mean to, just like I didn't mean to save yours. You saved me from dying as an empty shell, as a killer, as a vicious psychopath. As a girl with no feelings. You owed me this, Katniss. Now I'm gone and you're still breathing. Damn you. Thanks for reading. :)