his face now. A Peacekeeper, who must be familiar with Buzzard, walks up to take him away. "Wesley, you're 19. You can't volunteer," he sighed, sounding half exasperated and half saddened by his plight. The words are barely out of his mouth however before Buzzard suddenly lashes out, twisting his body and raising his right leg where he roundhouse kicked the Peacekeeper squarely in the jaw, knocking him down. The crowd is stunned into silence, everyone watching. It's so quiet you can hear the sounds made from the Capitol cameras. Buzzard lunges, his sights probably aimed at the escort but he is almost immediately taken down, tackled from the back by a bigger and heavier looking Peacekeeper. He struggles violently in the scuffle and starts to gain the upper hand, his fist smashing into the Peacekeeper's face. He would have won the fight too if another Peacekeeper didn't jab him in the side with a black rectangular object, sharp electric clicks being heard from the instrument as they came in contact with him. He jerked off of the Peacekeeper violently, a muffled cry being heard as his body tried to move away from the object. Within seconds of the rectangular instrument clicking into his side however he slumps over, falling unconsciously on his side. The crowd is still silent as two burly Peacekeepers drag the tall form of Wesley Bass roughly to the Justice Building. I can only imagine how many lashes he will get for that. Now the only sounds heard across the entire Square are the sounds of a small child crying and Clarissa's muffled sobs, echoing off the red bricked Square. The Capitol must be having a field day with this. Britannia Meyers gives an unsure smile, confused by all the chaos of what to do now. Seemingly remembering though, she tip toes over to the boy's glass ball of slips now. "Now for our male tribute!" she declares, but her voice isn't as spunky or loud as it was before. She dips her hand in the bowl but doesn't give as much of a show as she did earlier, simply grabbing a slip and bringing it up. "Logan Cooper!" -Logan: District 7 Tribute "Logan Cooper!" the pink haired escort squawks, some of her original flourish back. Wait… Shit. "Logan Cooper, are you here?" she repeats, glancing around the boy's section confused as she tried to search out the chosen tribute, aka me. As if in a trance, my legs carry me obediently out of the crowd of boys and I walk up to the stage, my body carrying me up the stairs as my brain remained a fuzzy station of static. "My goodness, you are a really big boy!" Britannia chirps, apparently seeing a lot more potential in me than in the sobbing form of Clarissa. I'm probably a whole foot and a half taller than Clarissa and at least a foot taller than the mayor. "Well, let's welcome this year's District 7 tributes, Clarissa Merope and Logan Cooper!" Britannia cheers, grabbing our hands and raising them. She manages to bring Clarissa's hand up to the sky but mine is limp, only reaching near my face which shows just how short she is or how tall I am. This draws out nervous applause from the crowd, and quickly we are ushered to the back, almost walking into our Victor and now mentor before being taken to the nearby Justice Building where we are both taken to separate and private rooms. I collapse in the soft leather couch, running my hand along the scratchable leather where my fingers twitch to rake my nails down the piece of furniture and ruin it forever. My mind is made up though as Marilyn bursts in, sobbing, and the couch is completely forgotten as she flies at me, arms wrapping around my neck. "Oh, Logan!" she cries, tears leaking out of her soft brown eyes like little facets. "I'm such a horrible girlfriend! I was making fun of the Games earlier and now it's so real!" she sobs, curling up in my lap as her body shakes. I begin to stroke her hair which I think calms both of us a little, planting a kiss on her forehead. "Mar, get a grip. This isn't your fault, it's no ones. Only the Capitol's." My voice is surprisingly calm, especially considering how my brain is just starting to catch up on things. "I'm probably never going to see you again!" she cries, burying her face into my chest, tears staining the white shirt and vest she bought for me once. "Hey, is that doubt I hear in your voice?" I ask her mockingly, adding humor to the situation for the sake of both of us. "Babe, I'm gonna try my hardest to get back home for you and everyone else, or die trying. Literally. Whatever actions you see me doing on the TV just remember the true me, okay? TV Logan is different to your Boyfriend Logan. And do me another favor, I know you used to know the girl tribute's boyfriend so how about you watch out for him? Okay?" I falter, not sure what else to say. "Marilyn, just remember I love you and you're a great girlfriend and—" She cuts me off by planting her soft lips against my own and she shifts slightly in my lap so that we both feel more comfortable. Eventually we part for air as the Peacekeeper interrupts us to let me know I have more visitors. I give her one last kiss goodbye as I prepare to see my family which consists of my mother, father, and mother's sister along with some friends. Then it's all over and I'm rushed out, walking down the train station and up to the train itself. The cameras are once again clicking away and the wind has picked up, ruffling my short hair and whipping Clarissa's around. Then, we enter the train, and District 7 disappears behind me.