she was about to witness. The cameras, the people and the feeling of several people waiting to see her newest work. The driver pulled the door open and Katniss stepped out onto the red carpet. The flashes were blinding as she plastered a fake smile on her face. For a moment Katniss wasn't sure how well her vision would be working once she was able to see through the flashes; yet she had survived it many times before. Once she got far enough; Katniss was able to see through the lights the cameras provided her she caught a glance of a man in a tuxedo. When Katniss looked closer she saw a flash of gold by his head and easily deduced that it was Peeta. A genuine smile was brought to her face at this and she tried to look the smallest bit closer, but she knew her manager would kill her if several of the pictures of her were unflattering. One part of her said to hell with what her manager, the other part said to do what would benefit Prim the most. And being able to still bring money in would help her younger sister the most. Katniss took a step forward and glanced back at where she saw Peeta. At the sight of him she scanned his body and tried to ignore the thoughts of how she knew what was underneath his clothing. His hair was slicked back and his eyes seemed to be sparkling; his tuxedo fit him and appreciatively fit to every part of his body. She looked out at the crowds of cameras for a moment before glancing back at her former co star and lover. As she looked over she saw a woman that Katniss recognized as Delilah Cartwright walking up to him. For a vague moment she wondered why she would be here, yet then shook it off as something the woman had just wanted to attend. Yet, when she stole a look over once more she caught her grabbing his hand and silently gasped. In that moment she caught the twin wedding rings that adorned both of their fingers. It felt as if her heart had fallen out of her chest and onto the floor; being stomped on by the many camera men nearby. Her breath was taken from her as she the two of them together. It was very obvious that sometime in the past year they had gotten married and it killed Katniss inside. She had spent the past year waiting for him and it turned to dust in front of her very eyes. Every hope and fantasy she had, have had a habit of slowly melting into a puddle of nothingness and this seemed to be the same. She had been so damn stupid to think that this would be different. She would never again let herself dream that something like that could have been possible. Blue and grey eyes met, one filled with easy to see despair hidden by a poor shield and the other looking as if a ship was sinking before its very eyes. . . He was inches from her and it was driving her crazy. His wife was on one side and his former lover on the other, quite a combination to be sure. The director was on the other side of Katniss answering questions about the films. It was torture, plain and simple. His hand had brushed by hers and she hated that she still felt that spark tingle up her arm and through her body. He seemed to be acting as if they were simple co stars and nothing had happened between them and it was driving her mad. . . Katniss absentmindedly rested her head on her hand. Emotions were assaulting her from all over the place as the movie played. Scenes of them kissing caused her to unconsciously grip her hand into a fist until her knuckles were white. It was a tiring cycle and yet it continued. The emotions of sadness and despair were slowly consuming her at how happy she was at some of the points. When the movie switched to a scene that she wasn't aware was even part of it, or was even a scene. It was a simple piece from after their jet ride. They were going to film a couple scenes at where they landed and apparently the director had told the cameraman to film that. They were laughing and trading kisses and it felt as if a dam had been released within her. She stood quickly, excusing herself to those around her and avoided Peeta's gaze at all costs. Once she was out of the theatre she broke into a run in her heels through the theatre until she reached one of the cars waiting outside for the movie to finish. Vaguely she heard the pounding of another person following her; yet ignored it as the crisp night air bit at her exposed flesh. She pulled open the door to the car and told the driver to take her to the hotel she was staying at. When she had finished speaking she rested her head against the window in the car and glanced behind them. At the sight she saw behind them, she couldn't help but gape. Peeta was standing there in the night watching the car she was in disappear. Katniss stared back helplessly as the car drove her farther and farther away from the theatre. In your wildest dreams A/N: I've been working on this for a couple weeks, once I saw the music video I knew that I needed to write a fan fiction on it. So if it isn't obvious this is based on Taylor Swift's Wildest Dreams music video. Now, that I have finally posted this I can successfully work on my homework. My other stories should be updated soon. Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games or Taylor Swift (it would be cool if I did).