to fit in anywhere else. Many of the girls in their group were attempting to smile but they all exchanged terse nods then focused their attention on the temporary stage that was set up before the Justice Building. It held seven chairs, a podium, and two large glass balls, one for the boys and one for the girls. Tansy stared at the paper slips in the girls' ball. Three of them had Tansy Cresta written on them in careful handwriting. Seven of them had Annie Cresta . Two of the seven chairs were filled with Mayor Seymour, who was a tall man with wavy brown hair, and Priscilla Lush, District 4's escort, fresh from the capitol with her scary white grin, violet hair, and neon green skirt-suit that had square sleeves patterned with pastel pink, blue, orange, and gold sequins. The other chairs were filled with Finnick, Mags, and the rest of the surviving victors of District 4. Just as the clock struck two, the mayor stepped up to the podium and began to read. It was the same story every year. He told of the history of Panem, the country that rose up out of the ashes of a place that was once called North America. He listed the disasters, the droughts, the storms, the fires, the encroaching seas that swallowed up so much of the land, the brutal war for what little sustenance remained. The result was Panem, a shining Capitol ringed by thirteen districts, which brought peace and prosperity to its citizens. Then came the Dark Days, the uprising of the districts against the Capitol. Twelve were defeated, the thirteenth obliterated. The Treaty of Treason had given us the new laws to guarantee peace, and as our yearly reminder that the Dark Days must never be repeated, it had given us the Hunger Games. The rules of the Hunger Games were simple. In punishment for the uprising, each of the twelve districts must provide one girl and one boy, called tributes, to participate. The twenty-four tributes would be imprisoned in a vast outdoor arena that could hold anything from a burning desert to a frozen wasteland. Over a period of several weeks, the competitors must fight to the death. The last tribute standing wins. Taking the kids from our districts, forcing them to kill one another while we watched—this was the Capitol's way of reminding us how completely we were at their mercy. How little chance we would stand of surviving another rebellion. Whatever words they used, the message was clear. "Look how we take your children and sacrifice them and there's nothing you can do. If you lift a finger, we will destroy every last one of you. Just as we did in District 13." To make it humiliating as well as torturous, the Capitol required the districts to treat the Hunger Games as a festivity, a sporting event pitting every district against the others. The last tribute alive received a life of ease back home, and their district would be showered with prizes, largely consisting of food. All year, the Capitol would show the winning district gifts of grain and oil and even delicacies like sugar while the rest of them battled starvation. "It is both a time for repentance and a time for thanks," intoned the mayor. Then he read the list of past District 4 victors. It was much longer than the one they had in 11. Five are still alive, including Finnick and Mags. The crowd responded with its token applause, which naturally reached a roar that was punctuated by several squeals when Finnick's name was called and he stood up and graced the crowd with a smile. He caught the unimpressed look on Tansy's face among the crowd and gave her wink. Tansy rolled her eyes in response when several of the girls around her started giggling uncontrollably and few of them even fainted, each convinced the playful wink had been meant for her. Mari raised an eyebrow at Tansy and gave her a look to let her know she thought all their classmates were idiots. Tansy suppressed a small smile. Once the crowd had calmed down the mayor introduced Priscilla Lush. Bright and bubbly as ever, Priscilla trotted to the podium in her ridiculously high heels and gave her signature, "Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favor." She went on a bit about what an honor it was to be here, how she looked forward to escorting another future victor from 4. Through the crowd, Tansy spotted Annie looking back at her with a nervous smile, trying to silently reassure her that everything was going to be all right. But now Tansy was thinking again of her sister and her seven names in that big glass ball and how the odds are never in anyone's favor. Seven wasn't so bad, really. Not compared to the odds most of the children had back in 11. But this was 4. Aside from the seldom few who occasionally did need to apply for tesserae, the odds were good for everyone in 4. Which really meant the odds were fairly even and almost anyone could be picked. Annie turned away to focus on the stage again. It was time for the drawing. Priscilla Lush said as she always did, "Ladies first!" and crossed to the glass ball with the girls' names. She reached in, dug her hand deep into the ball, and pulled out a slip of paper. The crowd drew in a collective breath and then one could hear a pin drop. Tansy was feeling nauseous, clutching her conch pearl for security, and so desperately hoping that it wouldn't be her, that it wouldn't be her or Annie, who only had one year left before she would be safe. Priscilla Lush crossed back to the podium, smoothed the slip of paper, and read out the name in a clear voice. And it wasn't Tansy. It was Annie Cresta.