and look down at the puddle his rain-soaked clothes are creating on the wood floor. "No of course not, here let me take your coat." I pull off his heavy seal skin coat and hang it to dry. He disappears in his room down the hall and I turn to Felix who has a rather hurt expression on his face. He sticks out his lower lip and says. "I didn't get a hug." I laugh and wrap my arms around his neck. "That's because I was saving this for you." I lean forward and give him a kiss. Ignoring his wet clothes and dripping hair. He wraps his arms around my waist and kisses me back. "Oh gross!" I hear Leroy's disgusted cry from behind us, and Felix pulls away slightly, giving Leroy a look. "Do you mind?" I hear Leroy scoff and walk towards the kitchen as he says. "Do you mind? Geesh, you don't have to do that every time you're together you know." I hear the kitchen door close and Felix turns back to me. "Now, where were we?" He's about to kiss me again when we both hear someone clear the throat loudly. I smile at Felix's blushing cheeks and turn around to see my father looking at us with a serious face, although I can see the amused twinkle in his green eyes. His deeply tanned face is lined and worn with long years in the sun, and the crows feet around his eyes tells anyone that he smiles and laughs a lot. His tall figure and long limbs are strong and hard, while his fingers are gentle and steady, giving the fact away that he is a doctor. He raises an eyebrow at both of us and says in his deep voice. "Yes, where were you?" Felix hurriedly releases me, and says quickly. "Nowhere Vern...sir." My father breaks out into a deep rumbling laugh and walks forward, slapping Felix on the back. "Felix you've known me long enough to be able to tell when I'm messing with you." Felix grins sheepishly, and shrugs. "I can never tell when it comes to Mags, she is your only girl." My father looks at me fondly and taps the end of my nose with his finger. "That she is. Magarida, what is that delicious smell?" I smile. "You should know, it's pasta, and it's getting cold too." His eyes light up at the mention of food, and he walks towards the kitchen, calling over his shoulder. "I hope you made plenty because I'm hungrier than a tiger shark!" The minute he enters the kitchen Leroy and Will exclaim delight loudly and by the sounds of it they tackled him. Felix pulls me to him and gives me a quick kiss. "I saw that!" We hear my dad shout from the now open door, and we both grin. "Come on lovebirds, us pirates need our grub!" Leroy and Will shout their agreement, and I hurry to the dining room closely followed by Felix. Dinner was delicious, and we all had seconds. I'm glad we can have a meal like this once in a while, because a lot of the time we don't have the money to buy the rarer ingredients, and so most of our diet consists of some kind of seafood. After dinner Felix explains that he has some things he needs to finish before tomorrow, and my father nods, knowing that since tomorrow is reaping day, all work is called off. I walk Felix to the door, and step out on the porch with him. The storm has died down to a light drizzle, and the hot afternoon has turned into a cool evening. "So I'll see you tomorrow?" I say hopefully, knowing that he has no reason to go to the reaping tomorrow except to watch. "Yeah...I have to go." I nod slowly. "Because of me?" He nods. "Are you going to see your sister tonight?" I ask slowly. He visits his sisters grave the night before every reaping. "Yes...she would have been twenty-three now." I wrap my arms around his waist and rest my head against his chest. I don't need to say anything, he knows what I mean. He rests his cheek against the top of my head. "I can't have that ever be you." I nod slowly. "I won't be able to take it if..." I nod again, knowing it would tear him apart if I died. "I'll be safe." I whisper. He kisses the top of my head and holds me tighter. "You'd better be. I'll see you in the morning." He pulls away and gives me a kiss. "I'll see you then." I say, giving him a smile. "Goodnight." He calls over his shoulder as he walks down the street. I wave as I reply. "Goodnight." After he walks out of view, I walk back inside. "Why don't you kids get some rest? I'll clean up." My father says with a smile. I shake my head. "No, you've been working all day. I can clean up." He chuckles and starts gathering the dishes. "If you classify sitting around dosing sea-sickness pills as working, then yes I was working all day. I am perfectly capable of cleaning a few dishes. You kids need your rest." I relent, as Leroy and Will say goodnight and dash upstairs. My father chuckles and shakes his head. "So full of energy those two. You get to bed now Magarida, you need your sleep." I glance towards the stairs. "I'm not going to get any sleep tonight anyway." My father nods, worry in his eyes. "Yeah me either, you should try though anyway." I nod, giving him a kiss goodnight and retreating upstairs to my bedroom. I lay on my bed staring at the ceiling, holding tightly onto the picture of my mother I keep on my nightstand. "At least Felix will be safe." I murmur quietly, closing my eyes and finally dropping off to sleep.