Although, our kiss seems like it was years ago… Then again, I have no idea how much time has passed in this hospital. "Why couldn't this have happened when I needed five dollars for your kiss?" Darius asks teasingly. I scoff and cross my arms, but my face still burns bright red. Darius gives up making fun of me, and eventually we make it back to my hospital room. I am about to go back in when my nurse comes running down the hall. "Miss Everdeen, where have you been?" she asks angrily. She looks back and forth between me and Darius. Luckily, my Peacekeeper friend comes to my rescue. "I found her wandering around looking for a bathroom earlier this morning," Darius replies. Yet another reason why it's good to be friends with Peacekeepers. People believe them. "I got up, and no one was around," I say. "And I really had to go to the bathroom, so I was left to find one by myself." The nurse sighs. "Well, that was very unwise of you. And, for your information, the President about had my head because we couldn't find you. He really needed to talk to you." I swallow and try not to let my nerves show. "I'm so sorry to have missed him," I say in a steady voice. Actually, I'm quite happy I put off our talk. "It's alright," the nurse says as she bustles me back into my room. "He left after a couple minutes of waiting, but he told me to inform you that he'll give his apologies soon." The nurse sits me back down on my bed and does a quick check up of my vitals. It only takes a couple minutes before she tells me I can leave. "Really?" I ask. It seems odd that I will be allowed to leave immediately after coming off heavy drugging. "Of course you need to go," the nurse says. "Your boyfriend's funeral is taking place in a couple hours." Is it bad that "boyfriend" made me think of Gale instead of Peeta? Peeta's funeral is an irritating affair. I guess that's callous of me to be saying, but it's the first word that came to mind. Me, Haymitch, and Peeta's family are probably the only people that really knew Peeta. Mother and Prim came, but I didn't feel like talking. Hordes of Capitol people showed up. They sobbed and wailed and cried loudly and exaggeratedly. Most of the nurses and doctors from the hovercraft showed up. And so did the camera crews. There were so many cameras at his funeral it wasn't even funny. The people of the Capitol could attend Peeta's funeral without even being there. They could bawl in the privacy of their own home. That, I think, is what I found irritating. The combination of the loud, unjustified crying and all the cameras didn't sit well with me. Well…that and President Snow. He stood on the other side of Peeta's casket and watched me the entire. It was probably the single moment in my life that I am glad that I was able to cry. We bury Peeta in a nice, little plot of grassy land. Wildflowers grow all around the dirt lump that now covers Peeta's grave. It's a beautiful day. He would've liked this, I think to myself. Actually, Peeta probably would have liked to be alive for this day. As I wiped the last tears off my face and headed off for my house, one of the TV people ran over and started asking me question about Peeta's death and how I was feeling and what it would be like without him. Haymitch didn't even yell at me when I knocked the camera out of the guy's hands. I shuffled off away from the crowds. I locked myself in my house like a hermit. I didn't even let Prim and Mother in. For hours, people knocked on my door, shouted questions. For hours, people came to offer their condolences. Meanwhile, I sat in my hallway and stared at the spot on the ground where I watched Peeta die. It was rather masochistic, but I did it anyway. At some point, Haymitch came, and I let him in. He told me that the hovercraft was headed back for the Capitol and that they'd be taking Gale. He still wasn't in a very good condition. He would be brought back when he was better, and we would be receiving updates. I didn't like the way Haymitch was talking about Gale, so I made him leave my house. And I was alone again. I remembered that President Snow said he was going to talk to me later, so I wandered up to my bedroom. I'll just go to bed before that happens, won't I? I ended up standing in the hallway again and staring at the spot where Peeta died. You can almost see the blood stain on the floor. Maybe I'm just imagining it. I half convinced myself that maybe it didn't really happen, but when I moved the painting to the side, there was a large hole there. I finally went upstairs to my bedroom. I stared at my pathetic self in the mirror. I am a terrible person, I thought to myself. And that's when I saw it. There was a jam jar sitting on my bed. A little, tiny jar full of apricot preserves. My heart was pounding as I approached it. I noticed there was a little note stuck to the side. With a shaking hand, I grabbed the note. In pretty, curly handwriting, it said: This isn't over. You will eat my jams. I barely had time to read this before the door slammed behind me, and a sweet-smelling towel was clamped over my mouth. A/N: So how was that cliffhanger? Hope you enjoyed. We sure enjoyed writing it. There will be a Part 2 coming soon. As usual, please review and tell us what you thought!