my head slowly. "I...I can't. I can't do that to you." He rests his forehead against mine and says slowly. "Mags, I love you more than you can ever imagine. I would, and will do anything for you. Please help me to understand what you're going through. I need to know, because I have to take care of you. If I can't keep you safe, if I can't help take away your pain...then it hurts me more than you can ever know. It tortures me to see you like this, and not know what to do. To be completely helpless as I watch you break apart. Please tell me." I nod slowly, and take a deep breath. "Everything you felt five years ago, from the reaping on, everything you felt when you watched your sister in the games, helpless to protect her as you were forced to watch her die. Imagine being in the games, having the chance to protect her, and to take care of her...and failing. Watching her die when you could have saved her, when you were still helpless, but right there, then holding her as she died. Being forced to just keep going even though the only thing you wanted was to die, but you couldn't because she asked you to win. So you go to the end, and you watch everyone else die, so that you could live, and return home to the nightmares, the guilt, the ever present pain." I can feel his arms trembling as he grits his teeth and closes his eyes. He knows...I've opened old wounds and he's feeling that pain again. The pain of losing someone so close to you, it's like losing part of your soul. But I have to continue, I have to let him know everything. "It's not living Felix, it's like being thrown into a pit, where there's only pain and suffering. Where you exist between life and death, forced to live normally in the day, while being tormented by death all night. The arena changes you Felix, it takes away every piece of happiness inside you, until you're left with nothing but the darkest parts of yourself that you've never wanted to know. The only escape is death, because winning is worse. You are taunted with happiness, letting you feel the joy of life once again, only to be reminded over, and over, and over again that it could be taken all away. That it is just the illusion of happiness." I sob and cling to his soaked shirt. His arms wrap around me and I feel like the whole world is breaking around us. "I'm so scared Felix. I can't live like this. I'm so scared all the time, scared that anything and everything good that's ever happened to me will be taken away, that anything that could give me the slightest bit of joy will be ripped away from me and destroyed. And I'll be left alone...scared with nothing but the darkness around me. Not daring to search for comfort in fear that it will be only taken away." The storm suddenly grows quiet, and the rain stops. Felix pulls away from me slightly, and turns me to face the ocean. "Mags look." The clouds have parted slightly, and the sun is shining through, bright golden beams stream out between the clouds and bathe the sand with light. A rainbow stretches across the ocean, bright and beautiful. Felix wraps his arms around me, and rests his cheek against my head. "No matter how dark and terrible the storm is, the sun always comes out. There is darkness and evil in this world Mags, but there is also light and joy, real happiness." I feel a small weight lifted from me, but I shake my head, saying defeated. "But there will always be darkness to cover the light." Felix shakes his head. "You're wrong, light will always win. If there was a single flame burning, and the entire world went black. It would never be able to cover the flame. No matter how much darkness there is, it can never take out the light. It will always be there, like the sun during a storm. We can't see it, but it's still there, and it will break through the storm to shine again." I let out a sigh, and close my eyes. Feeling the sun on my skin, soaking up it's warmth. "So you're telling me not to give in to the darkness? To search for light even when it seems like there isn't any?" He nods, and kisses my temple. "Yes. Because there is always light, you just have to find it. Promise me you'll always look? Especially when it seems impossible, promise me that you'll look for the light." I turn around and wrap my arms around him tightly. "I promise." Authors Note: Bit of a heavy chapter I know... But I needed to show you all what exactly she's having to deal with and all that so that you'll understand her better during the rest of the story. Also we see her show Felix what she's going through, and now he can empathize because he can relate, maybe not completely, but he did lose his sister in the games, and he was helpless to save her so yep... Now that we've gotten all that pain and suffering out in the open between them two, we will be seeing a lot more happiness because Mags knows that he understands, and he's able to help her move on and adapt. I'm not exactly sure when I'm going to be revealing who the mystery man is, or Pixie's secret, it could be before or after the victory tour. (yes I will be writing about that, and yes Dash will be involved :P) He helps her deal through some things as well...but that's all I'm saying! As always, thanks so much for reading, and I would really appreciate a review! Until next time Hamiltons! Wendy