slowly until it was almost….pleasurable. I had underestimated the knot in my stomach. A tiny moan escaped my lips. My hands reached around to Gale's back and I dug my fingernails into the soft material of his shirt as hard as I could. I hadn't expected this. The pleasure I mean. It was for Gale, just for Gale and yet I found that I couldn't deny the intense feeling building within me. Gale shook above me, sprinkling me with sweat. And unexpectedly, I was fighting to breathe and panting just as he was. I was a mockingjay, floating through the sky, hanging above our heads. I was soaring. Gale held me in a grip that was almost painful and for a fleeting second, I tried to imagine our lives. I would look after our child while Gale worked in the mines. He would come home, covered in soot and smiles. He would try to kiss me and I would run away, laughing about getting dirty. He would chase me around the kitchen, wrapping me and our kid up in a huge hug, and we would collapse on the floor in a fit of giggles. And then it was over. All of it. Gale began to suck in as much oxygen as he could and I lied there under him, trying to put myself back together. He slid out of me, fixed himself up, and was soon standing over me, fully clothed. My pants and underwear were in his hands and he slipped them back onto me as I lay there motionless. He helped me up and we stood there, not looking at each other for what seemed like the longest time. We were just those two children who met in the wood so long ago. Hesitant. Alone. Craving companionship. He finally wrapped his arms around me in a tight hug. Then he kissed the top of my head and I swore I heard him whisper, "Thank you." I closed my eyes and he let me go. When I opened them, he was gone. Despite the fact that the sun was setting and my family would be worried, I found myself unable to walk home, sore and numb. I collapsed after a few steps by a tree that was close to the fence. It was difficult to discern all of the feelings inside of me from one another. Did I love Gale? Maybe. But could I love him in the way that he wanted? Could I love him enough to marry him, spend the rest of my life with him? The answer, I was almost certain, was no. I had no previous experience to compare the – my mind stuttered over the word like it was a forbidden, not to be talked about subject – but it didn't really matter. It hadn't been about pleasure or desire. It was about a love, a pure, simple love that didn't need titles. Finally I went home. That week I managed the snares and dropped off the meat with Hazelle. But I didn't see Gale until Sunday. There was so much I wanted to say, so much I needed to say. But in the end I didn't have to say a word. Gale acted as if it had never happened. But I had a feeling that it wasn't by choice. I think he knew that I had done it for him, and he probably knew that I might never be able to give him the love he needed, that he deserved. But he probably hoped that this experience, that these fleeting moments might make me change my mind one day. But no matter how Gale tried to pretend, no matter how he tried to smile at me and joke as easily as we had, I couldn't meet his eyes the way I used to. I couldn't stare at him too long without seeing his grey Seam eyes roll back into his head as he came. This all flashes through my head in an instant as President Snow's eyes bore into me on the heels of his threat to kill Gale. How stupid I've been to think the Capitol would just ignore me once I'd returned home! Maybe I didn't know about the potential uprisings. But I knew they were angry with me. Instead of acting with the extreme caution the situation called for, what have I done? From the president's point of view, I've ignored Peeta and flaunted my preference for Gale's company before the whole district. And by doing so made it clear I was, in fact, mocking the Capitol. Now I've endangered Gale and his family and my family and Peeta, too, by my carelessness. "Please don't hurt Gale," I whisper. "He's just my friend. He's been my friend for years. That's all that's between us." I'm lying. I'm lying. "Besides, everyone thinks we're cousins now." "I'm only interested in how it affects your dynamic with Peeta, thereby affecting the mood in the districts," he says. "It will be the same on the tour. I'll be in love with him just as I was," I say. "Just as you are," corrects President Snow. "Just as I am," I confirm. "Only you'll have to do even better if the uprisings are to be averted," he says. "This tour will be your only chance to turn things around." "I know. I will. I'll convince everyone in the districts that I wasn't defying the Capitol, that I was crazy with love," I say. President Snow rises and dabs his puffy lips with a napkin. "Aim higher in case you fall short." "What do you mean? How can I aim higher?" I ask. "Convince me" he says. He drops the napkin and retrieves his book. I don't watch him as he heads for the door, so I flinch when he whispers in my ear. "By the way, I know what happened in the woods." Then the door clicks shut behind him. And I am on fire.