not that bad huh?" I raise an eyebrow, and give him a stare. "What? I'm not as bad as Haymitch Abernathy." He mumbles. Over the past two years since I won, the grey streaks in his hair have spread, now all the hair on the sides of his head is grey. But the top and back are still a dark Ebony. "Bruce you said you would try to shape up for me." He looks guiltily at the empty whiskey glass. "You're like a father to me, and I need you to be strong, and help me get through things." He remains silent. "Bruce I think the President knows about me...and you." He slowly raises his head, his grey eyes deadly cold. "How?" His voice sends shivers down my spine. "He came to visit me at the training center, he threatened to use Annie for the same thing us victors are used for." Bruce curses under his breath. "She's only fourteen! That sick..." He continues to curse. "What else?" I continue, and as I retell what happened, I can almost smell the blood and roses. "After I agreed to take extra long double trips to the capitol he promised that she would be left alone. Then he told me to tell you hello." I finish telling his what happened, and he sits silent for a very long time. "I was afraid this would happen..." I look at him intently. "What?" He looks up, his eye's clearer than they were a minute ago. "Nothing, it's nothing. I'm just a little groggy from the alcohol. I'm sorry I let you down Finnick, I promise I'll try to be better." I nod. "Good." He grins. "But not tonight, tonight I will drink until someone has to carry me home, and tomorrow I turn over a new leaf. Deal?" I shake my head and chuckle. "Deal Bruce, just make sure you don't get into trouble." He grins. "No promises. Goodnight Finnick, I'll see you tomorrow maybe, probably not if I am to get the hangover I'm hoping for." I laugh and pat him on the shoulder. "I'll have medication ready. I'll see you later." He nods, and shouts towards the bar. "Mister Gibbs! I require your finest and strongest alcohol!" I hear Mister Gibbs voice roar back as I exit the bar. "Right away Bruce me hearty! I've got vodka that will leave your face in a permanent wince!" I hurry back to the Cresta's house, and by the time I get there it's dark outside. I open the door quietly, and sneak into the house. I find Mrs. Cresta in the kitchen. "Hey." She turns and smiles. "Hello." She whispers back. "Did you find Bruce?" I nod with a smile. "Yeah, he was at some bar. He promised to shape up tomorrow though so I'm going to let him party till he drops tonight." She laughs quietly. "Annie's in the living room, she insisted on staying up until you came back." I nod. "Thanks, I'll go say goodnight." I walk quietly into the living room, and smile as I spot Annie curled up in her favorite armchair. She's leaning against the back of the armchair, and her hair is fallen over her face, and the ends quiver each time she exhales. I creep over, and gently slide my arms beneath her legs and shoulders. Very carefully I lift her, and she groans slightly as she starts to wake up. I shift her in my arms slightly. "You're late." She sighs quietly. "Shhh, I know, I'm sorry." She moves slightly, and wraps her arms around my neck, resting her head against my shoulder with the tip of her nose barely brushing the side of my neck. I feel her warm breath on my neck as she murmmers. "I forgive you." Then she falls back to sleep with her arms wrapped around my neck. I carefully carry her to the doorway of the kitchen. "I'm going to take her upstairs." I whisper to Mrs. Cresta, she smiles at us and nods. I carry Annie gently upstairs, and put her in bed. Then I pull the covers up over her. I look at her for a minute, she's so small and innocent. So pure. I brush the hair gently out of her face. "I'm going to keep you safe little Annie, I'll always protect you. You're the one thing I have that the president can't touch, I made sure of that." I gently kiss the top of her head, and walk back downstairs. "Is she asleep?" Mrs. Cresta asks quietly. "Yeah, went right to sleep when I put her in her bed. Thank you for dinner, I should probably go." She hands me a blanket and pillow. "Why don't you stay here? I don't want you walking home in the middle of the night, and we've missed you." I smile. "Thanks. Goodnight." She kisses my cheek. "Goodnight Finnick." She disappears to her room at the back of the house. I go to the large couch in the living room, and sink onto it gratefully. Within a few minutes I am fast asleep. I wake up in the middle of the night by someone shaking my shoulder. I sit up, and let my eyes adjust to the dark. "Annie? What are you doing up?" Before I can say anything else she flings her arms around my neck, and hugs me tightly. "Hold me." She whimpers. I wrap my arms around her confused. "Annie are you okay? What happened?" I feel tears on my shoulder, as she answers. "I woke up, and I thought I dreamed that you came home and that Mags woke up...it was all to good to be true." She sobs into my shoulder, and I hold her tighter. I lay back on the couch with her wrapped in my arms. "It's okay, I'm here." She sniffs, getting her tears under control. "Don't let me go." I tell her the only thing that I can. "Never."