"Catnip, you know that's not what I meant," says Gale. He's starting to look concerned. Good . "Oh right," I say sarcastically. "Because there's an even easier way to die. I can just get myself shot by a Peacekeeper. They're always nearby and handy, especially with the Reaping coming up. You want to watch me provoke the Peacekeepers?" "Katniss," he says warningly. I turn on my heels and start walking towards the main square where I know there'll be Peacekeepers. "Catnip, I swear to god, if you go-" "Guess what, Gale?" I yell loud enough for the Peacekeepers to hear me. "I hate District 12! I hate the Hunger Games! I hate the Capitol! I hate Peacekeepers! And most of all-" I don't even get to say what I hate most of all because at least three Peacekeepers start heading towards me, their hands moving towards their guns. Gale grabs onto me to stop me. "She doesn't know what she's saying!" he tells the Peacekeepers as they get closer. He clamps his hands over my mouth before I can claim otherwise. "She's sick! She doesn't know what she's saying. Do you, Catnip?" Somewhat reluctantly, I shake my head. The Peacekeepers return the guns to their holsters and return to their patrolling. Gale spins me around to face him. "Katniss, what the hell?" "What?" I ask innocently. "What was that about? What has happened to you?" "She happened," I say acidly, pointing recklessly across the schoolyard where his girlfriend is standing. A mix of emotion floods over his face. I rip my arm out of his grip. "Goodbye, Gale," I say and march off. "Wait, Katniss," he yells. I keep walking. "Do you mean 'goodbye for now' or 'goodbye, I'm going to starve myself and get shot by Peacekeepers'?" "A little bit of both," I yell over my shoulders. " Catnip !" he yells. "WHAT NOW?" "I'll see you later," he yells. "Like usual, okay?" I feel a smile creep across my face without my permission. Maybe we can come out of this okay. Maybe Blondey and I can both exist in Gale's life. "We'll see." / I watch Katniss walk away, and I'm…confused. I have to stand there for a few seconds genuinely thinking about what just happened. First off, Katniss hasn't been eating for several days, and that could possibly be my fault. And she could be a little suicidal. I mean, she just provoked a Peacekeeper. And to top it all off, she's stealing knives, and she doesn't really remember doing it. She's losing it…and I'm starting to care again. She can be so frustrating sometimes, but… She is my friend- has been for four years. I feel like we need to fix this. I glance over my shoulder at Tulip and then look back in the direction that Katniss has disappeared, and I make the earthshattering decision that I am going to meet Katniss in the forest. That conversation we had- however messed up it was- reminded me of why we're friends. And besides, someone needs to be there to make Katniss eat, right? / I meet Gale at our usual meeting spot, and we hunt. It's almost like it used to be. I think…I think we might be okay. Gale keeps insisting I eat berries and roots that we gather- which I don't. I seem to have a continuous run of undercutting jokes about Blondey going, but Gale actually laughs at some of them. I've also noticed that I'm pretty good at knifing game with my stolen knives. We deposit some game at my house. Gale tells Prim she has to force feed me food from now on. Then I walk with Gale to his house to tell Hazelle I'm alright- which I'm clearly not, but that's beside the point. Gale makes me promise that I'll eat, but promises are meant to be broken, right? / The door shuts behind Katniss as she waves off my insistence that she eat. I sigh. I'm almost positive that she's not going to eat. She's stubborn. My mom shakes her head like she's astounded by the change in Katniss. "What's gotten into her?" she asks me. " I don't know." I sigh again. "She's mad at my girlfriend or something." " Oh, so that's what this is about," my mom says, and then she laughs to herself. "I saw this coming from a mile away." " What are you talking about?" I ask. " Isn't it obvious?" " If you're about to tell me that Katniss is jealous, she's not," I insist, although I'm not so sure about it myself. I repeat what I told Tulip. "If she had feelings for anyone, she would be the last to know." " Whatever you say," my mom says with a shrug. She leaves the room, and I'm left to think about Katniss's motivation. / I moan. I don't know what time it is. I stretch and feel leaves rustling beneath me. I smell earth. I can hear the rustling of trees My eyes snap open, and I jerk up to a sitting position. I look around me frantically. The last thing I remember is telling Prim goodnight and lying down in bed. How the heck did I get in the forest ? Maybe I'm still dreaming? But I'm not. This is real. There's a knife that is not my own in my hand. In fact, there're a lot of knives around me. Like a lot of knives. There are at least fifteen. Where'd I get all of these? And more importantly, how'd I get here with all of the knives? "Gale?" I call. No one responds. I suddenly remember that today's reaping day, and I probably shouldn't be here right now. I hurriedly hide the knives and wander back to the fence. People are already heading to the square. I run back to my house, knives carefully hidden in my jacket. A/N: Please tell us your thoughts. Hope you enjoyed :)