you to take what I'm about to do out of context, okay? I'm doing this to say goodbye." She whispers. You stare at her in confusion, and she cups your face in her hands. "I care about you so much, sweetie. Never forget that." She whispers, leaning in and pressing her lips onto yours. Finally, you feel alive again. It's like nothing else exists other than you and Jen. No one is around, it's just the two of you. The kiss tastes salty; mainly due to how the two of you are crying bucket loads. When she pulls away, you know what's going to happen. "Goodbye, Isabelle Fuhrman." Jen whispers, her face so close to yours you can feel her every breath. For the first time in what feels like forever, you crack a genuine smile; its only small, but the best that'll happen in a moment like this. "Goodbye, Jennifer Lawrence." She smiles back with that goofy grin you love so much, letting go of you for the last time. She turns away from you, and casually walks off down the street, lifting her hands up to her eyes every now and then to wipe away her tears. You watch until Jen becomes merely a silhouette in the distance. You stand for a moment, noticing the silence in your head. After all of that, they've finally stopped. Jen's voice has finally stopped echoing in your mind, driving you to insanity. Glad for this, you smile after the taller girl who is now out of sight and silently thank her, before turning back around and walking back towards the pier and your family. Suddenly, it's like a weight has been lifted of your chest. You're on good terms with Jen. At least that's one good thing that's happened. The girl who made your life an unfixable wreck doesn't hate you anymore. That's comforting. In a way, you're almost glad that this has happened. Her voice is no longer spitting hateful words at you in your mind. You got to kiss the girl you've loved for such a long time. However, this doesn't make everything else okay. Your life will be a little less hard, maybe, now that you know Jen doesn't hate you. But it'll still be tough. You don't have your best friend anymore. Not having her over the past year has turned you into what you are now, and you're worried you might get worse. You shake your head, and continue walking towards the pier. Your mom and dad are now in sight, Madeline nowhere to be seen. She's probably off riding some dumb ride. Your mom walks over to you, not even noticing your previous absence. Typical. Little things like that have begun to cut deep. It makes you feel as if you're not wanted. "Did you have a nice day?" She smiles at you. "Uh…" You try to smile back, but it comes out as an awkward grimace. "Yes." You want to at least try and make her happy. You owe her at that. It's not her fault she has a fucked up daughter. Sunday 15th of March, 2015. You're bad. You're really bad. Your aunt and uncle had come down for a visit. They'd just found out that you're bi. They'd said something that caused you to run upstairs, where you are now. You're having your breakdown because when they'd asked if what your sister had slipped out was true, you'd denied. Your aunt had turned to you. "Don't lie. Nobody likes a liar." You'd had a sudden flashback to the day you'd broken. The day your fight with Jen started. This is when you'd ran. And now you're up in your room, sobbing. You don't know what to do, who to call. You delve under the covers of your bed, concealing yourself from this fucked up world. You curl up into the tightest ball you could possibly make yourself into, trying to feel secure, letting the tears out, trying to stop yourself from moving your fingernails to your wrist. That's when your hand comes in contact with your cold phone. You grab it, dialling the first number to come to your mind, holding it to your ear. As it rings and rings, you're suddenly cut off, and you look down to the caller ID. Jennifer Lawrence. You call her back, and she answers you, hissing an "Isabelle, go away. We're not friends." down the line, before cutting you off once again. You reply with a strangled sob, throwing your phone down and digging your razor sharp nails into your wrist, nearly crying out at the feeling of them puncturing your skin. After you've nearly ripped your arm to shreds, pull yourself out of bed, storming down the stairs. You open the door to the living room, looking at your parents and sister. "I'm going out. I love you guys, I'll see you." You don't wait for their responses. You open the door, walking out of it. As your rage overcomes you once more, you stalk off down the street, ignoring anybody who you shove into. You don't care about them. You don't even care about yourself anymore. You walk for god knows how long. Your legs are aching, your heart is beating itself against your rib cage. Your breathing is heavy, you're struggling for air. This is all until you come to an abrupt stop. You're at the edge of a very steep cliff. You glance down, taking in the jagged rocks at the bottom. The wind almost pushes you away from the edge, begging you not to do anything stupid. You look at the crashing waves. You know that if you step over the edge, you'll either drown, or be shredded to death by the razor sharp boulders. You swallow the lump that's in your throat. You take in a deep breath. As you slowly close your eyelids, the last thing you feel is the powerful wind rushing through your long, charcoal locks.