boat out to sea just slightly in the other direction. Annie was glad for the fact that his reluctance to look at her meant he hadn't seen the tears that started streaming down her face. "He didn't let me drink, for a while. I got so dehydrated, I'm a mentor and I've seen what that does to people, I've seen kids die from it, and die from making stupid decisions because it stopped them from thinking straight. But I'd never felt it. Even in my games I had so many sponsers, I wasn't ever thirsty." "My head was throbbing, I was so dizzy, and so weak, I wasn't even bleeding normally, and for maybe half a day or more, I couldn't think about anything other than water. It started with strategy, wondering if he'd forgotten I needed it, if I could ask for some and get it eventually, or if trying that would kill me, if I could get myself to a tap, or anything with water really, but then it was just longing, I just wanted some, I couldn't even think about how to get it anymore." "When he got back, he finally let me have some water, he made me drink it from his hands, but I'd been expecting so much worse, and I was so desperate, I needed it. I was so greatful, not pretending or anything, really, truly, overwhelmingly, grateful. Which I know is so messed up. I know I shouldn't be grateful, that I only didn't have water because he stopped it. That I shouldn't be grateful to someone for allowing me to live, or for no longer hurting me so much. But I was, still am a bit. And I know I shouldn't be. But I still felt it. And it made me question everything I've felt." A few tears fell from his eyes, his face matching hers, the next part he couldn't stay detatched for. "What if I don't really love you, what if I just think I do, because I need you like I needed that water? Or what if I just fell for the first girl who wouldn't rape me?" He still hadn't looked at her. "Maybe I should rape you to find out?" Annie replied quickly before what she said hit her, and she worried because he was the one who normally made dark jokes like that, and he was the one who knew how he'd react to them, what if this was the wrong time, what if it was too close for him, what if, he actually didn't realise she was joking and thought she'd do it. But he looked at her again and though he was still quietly crying he was also smiling a small smile at her. Annie began talking again without real knowledge of what she was going to say. While she would have liked some time to absorb and prosess what he had told her, she knew that would have to wait. He needed to hear the hazy concept that was seeping into her brain, and he needed it while she had his attention and hope, with that small smile she was looking at. "I love you Finnick, and I need you. I need you to hold onto when my world is spinning out of control, I need you to remind me that I'm not a monster, just a normal kid who was thrown into an impossible situation, I need you because you are what makes me still worth something to someone, even if it's only to you. And I love you for all of that. But I also love you for your sence of humor, your kind heart and compassion, the care you show for everyone around you, your determination, the way you move when you swim, and your laugh, the way you warm my toes after a cold walk or swim, the way you look at me, the way you know me, better than I do, and the way you love me more than I do too." There were still tears in his eyes but his smile had begun to reach his eyes too. "When you started to get to know me, when you started to like me, what did you like about me? The things you didn't need?" "I liked that you wanted to know me, the real me, I liked the amazing aroma of your cooking, I like your laugh, and that you laugh at my jokes, even the lame and wrong ones, I like the way you don't give up, and the look in your eyes when your being mischievous, and the way your hair falls when it's wet, the feel of your skin, your smile. And I love that you love me, even though you do know the real me." They were both smiling brightly through their tears "Would that be enough to love me, even if there was nothing else?" Annie asked Finnick twisted from where he was sitting throwing himself into Annie's arms, burying his head into her shoulder and hair and wrapping his arms around her. "Yes. Yes. Your the most amazing person ever, and I love you, beyond all words." "And I love you, just as much" Annie replied wrapping her arms around him. "Thank you, for reminding me." They sat like that for a while before it became too uncomfortable, and they adjusted the position to a more comfortable cuddling, both feeling full and happy and content in each others arms, on the sand under the warm sun for the afternoon. Their words of love bolstering their spirits. In the nights to come, they each had their share of nightmares and disturbances as they prossesed the last few months and the more disturbing aspects of their conversation. But through it all they were there for each other, both more confident in their relationship and love and the fact that they were not ruining it for the other one, than they ever had been before.