eyes. "I'll die in there!" "It won't be you. I promise. Tonight you'll sleep here and you'll be safe." "Promise?" "I promise." She gently pushes his hair out of his eyes. "Now dry your eyes and come and have your breakfast." She gets up and heads out of his room. Callum sits up when I come into the room. "I-I'm sorry, Harry... I'm trying to be brave, but-" I cut him off. "You are. It's natural to be scared right now. You're doing just fine. Tell you what." He looks up at me, brown eyes overflowing with tears. "After we get back from the reaping, I'll teach you how to run the trains." It's something he's being begging me to teach him after he watched me run one when I was late for work once. I haven't wanted to teach him because it's pretty dangerous, but it'll keep his mind on something happy. "Really?!" Callum wipes his tears away quickly. "But you always said I was too young!" "Changed my mind. As soon as we get back, I'll teach you." The train tracks go right past our apartment window, so it's easy enough to get on if you know how to. It's how I usually run the train. But it might be easier to go a few buildings down. It's a smaller building so the roof's level with the tracks and allows you to get a running start. Callum beams at me. "Awesome!" "C'mon now, bud. Let's get to the reaping." Mom has already gone ahead with Beatrix and Duff, giving me privacy to take care of Callum. I lock up behind us, knocking on doors as we head downstairs. The last thing I want Callum - or worse, Beatrix or Duff - to see today is the Peacekeepers whipping one of our neighbours because they weren't at the reaping. We're about three blocks from the square when Callum freezes up. Assuming that it's just nerves, I take his hand and give him a small tug. "Come on bud. It'll be alright." "H-Harry... I don't... I don't have my rock..." His eyes begin to fill with tears again. I swear quietly to myself. His rock. His rock. It's his good luck charm. He's convinced that without it he'll be reaped. "It's okay. It's gonna be okay, Callum. I'll run back and get it, be back before the reaping's started. Promise. You go ahead, get in your section. I'll find you. Promise." He gives me a quick nod. I turn around and run back home, getting some pitying looks from strangers in the process. I'm not trying to run away, I want to tell them. I'm not a coward. I don't run from a fight. I slam the key in the lock, bashing my shoulder against the door as I attempt to open it while it's still closed. Once I get the door open I race to Callum's room, almost tripping over his schoolbag as I tear about his bedroom looking for his rock collection. I find it in a small box on the windowsill and dump the contents out on the bed. Shit. They all look the same. No. They can't. Callum's lucky rock has a green vein through it. He says that's what makes it so lucky. I pick up rock after rock, checking them for a green vein. Nope, nope, not that one, nope, yes. I grab the rock and race back outside, quickly locking the door behind me before taking the stairs three at a time. Shit, shit, shit! I'm late, I'm late, I'm late! The run back is completely empty, everyone already at the reaping. My footsteps echo in the street, my breath sounding ragged in my ears. Almost there. I can hear the drone of the microphone as Sequoia Reynolds speaks into it. I can feel my annoyance levels rising. When I enter the square, the reaping's already half over. A girl with tan skin is already up on stage, fiddling with the bottom of her braid as Sequoia struggles to pull out the second slip of paper. I try to sneak around the edges to get to the group of eighteen-year-olds, but a Peacekeeper spots me first. "Hey! You!" His loud shout attracts the attention of Sequoia, who briefly pauses in her attempts to remove the name from the envelope. But the second his fist hits my stomach and I double up, she's back to her struggles. Probably to keep the cameras off of us. The Peacekeeper grabs me by my hair, hissing in my ear, "Why so late, you little shit?" He punches me in the stomach again. Winded, I'm unable to reply before someone calls my name. "Henry Shepard!" It takes me a second to realise that it was Sequoia, Sequoia was the one who called my name, and then I'm staring at her, unable to form any words at all, not to the Peacekeeper, not even a prayer for my safety. Callum's stone is cold and smooth in my hand and all I can think was that it was supposed to be protection, it was supposed to bring luck. And then there's a horrible, horrible screaming and I'm faintly aware of the fact that it's Callum, Callum's screaming, why can't they stop his screaming... The Peacekeeper notices my stunned look and yanks me upwards. "That's you, huh?" He shoves me forwards. "Go on then." I stumble towards the stage, people parting to let me through. Sequoia looks like this is the worst day of her life, of course she'd get the delinquent, and I resist the urge to tell her that she hasn't seen anything yet. I'm shoved up the steps by the Peacekeeper at the bottom, somehow managing to keep my balance. And all the time, all I can hear is Callum's screams ringing in my ears, even though he's stopped screaming by now, and all I can feel is the stone in my hand, smooth barring one green vein.