light tone, but having an edge to it at the same time. I wish I could hear it more enough. Now that I think about it, this could make a good story. Imagine it, A group of hormone-crazed teenage merchant boys, an annoyed building on feet, and then the prettiest girl in the world laughing in a tree. Well, kill me now and make me into soup if that's not attention grabbing as hell. "Katniss," Gale says. "they're blondies , what the hell are they doing here?" "I don't know Gale, but they're obviously not here to hunt." "And how would we know that?" "Because they're scaring all the game within a 3 mile radius with their feet." That ends the conversation between Gale and Katniss. I have to suppress a smirk at Gale's glare, but I fail. "What're you smiling about, Mellark?" he asks, fingers locking around the bow he holds in his hands. I raise my hands in surrender, I meant nothing by that smirk. "Nothin'" I say. Gale looks at me with unsure eyes and growls. "look, just get lost." He growls, stomping away with muttered curses. "Do you guys know the way back to the fence?" I hear. I raise my head to see Katniss looking down at us from her branch, a questioning gaze in her pretty eyes. "Not really." I hear James say. Katniss rolls her eyes annoyingly and calls for Gale again. "GAALE!" "WHAAT?!" "I'M GOING TO THE FENCE WITH THE TOWNIES!" "WHAT?!" Gale barrels through the trees again, panting. "I'm coming," he says, fixing his hair. "Visiting Madge ?" Katniss' tone is teasing, a mischievous glint in her eyes. This is a side of her I've never seen, the friendly, sarcastic and teasing person she actually she is seems to shine bright in the forest. I can't blame her. "Shut up," he mutters, slinging the bow across his chest and moving ahead. He stops and looks, to see that we haven't moved a step. "Well, are you coming?" he asks. "Seriously Gale, the guy checks out your butt all the time, its just plain nasty." "Okay, that's wierd." "THAT'S WIERD?! THAT'S ALL YOU HAVE TO SAY WHEN A TOWNIE CHECKS OUT YOUR BUTT?!" Katniss and Gale chat loudly in the forest, their steps silent and graceful. Our feet clunk through the forest scaring off sleeping squirrels and birds. "Having fun, kid?" I ask James, looking around at the trees, noting their bright green leaves to remember for my next painting subject. My mtother isn't fond of my painting, but if it shuts me up and keeps me out of the way, then she's all for it. "Yeah, I'm okay, just a little tired." I hear James respond quietly and timidly. I nod absently, my eyes trained on the sway of Katniss' long brown hair. It's the first time I've seen her, like really seen her. It's the first time I've seen her so alive and content. The smile on her face and the skip in her step gives it all away. I'd like to see that more. "Everdeen is looking fine , I bet she's rough in bed." I start to see red. Katniss abruptly stops making me bump into her. Her hands form fists and clenching tight enough to make her knuckles go white. She whips around, her hair flipping to add to the effect of her blazing silver eyes. "Look here, pretty boy ," Katniss growls, spitting out the slang for merchant with obvious distaste in her mouth, advancing slowly towards the idiot that commented on her.. behaviour. "Please remember this moment right here, where my fist lands in your face, and when I drive an arrow through your skull." she growls calmly, backing up the scared looking 17 year old merchant (I don't care for his name.) against a tree. She pulls a knife out of the waistband of her pants and in a flash, the blade is pressed against the boy's neck, ready to slice open the tender and pale flesh of his neck. "Because, she purrs. "it's too bad," she presses the knife further into his neck, that is surely going to leave a mark later in the day. "a face like yours goes to waste." she growls, the innocent act finally getting in her nerves. She presses the blade into the boy's neck, but retracts it quickly before she can draw blood. "If you ever talk about me like that again, this knife, will be going into your neck." and at that, she is gone. In a flash of brown hair and olive skin, she has dissappeared back into the forest. "Alright townies," Gale grunts. "fence is that way, another few minutes and you'll be warm and toasty with food in your stomachs back at your pretty home." Gale growls, backing away from us and back into the forest to join Katniss, wherever she went. We trudge on, and I can't help but get the feeling that we are being watched. By Katniss, by Gale, by some freaky man with long limbs and no face or something. Although, the latter is probably a figment of my imagination. Whoever is watching us, they have been for a while. The group reaches the meadow that we passed hours ago, and the fence, home is in sight. I look back at the trees for moment, my eyes locking on a pair of icy silver ones high in a tree, watching. The eyes blink, and I blink back, smiling a little at the figure, even though I know she won't smile back. The eyes disappear, and I turn in the direction of home, and cross the fence once again. As I walk home, her voice, light and alive, breaks out in my thoughts. Pretty boy. Is that all I am to her? Another glorified pretty boy with blond hair and blue eyes? I hope not. As I turn the knob, one thought trumps even her voice. So much for manliness.