she stares right at the President that has tainted everything and anything that has ever been good. She isn't smiling, she doesn't look like she's breathing either and for once she's not pretending to be anything she's not. The Capitol attire that engulfs her in flames has inadvertently provided her with an opportunity to showcase her real thoughts and feelings for the whole nation to see, and it's so rebellious, and so much like the Katniss he knows , that he feels his throat closing up and water gathering in his eyes. She finally understands it. She has always understood it, and he knows that it's because she's given up on having him that she thinks she can get away with giving this rebellion the best she's got. He hears the neighbors sing those four notes she sang with Rue in the first games as the parade goes on and on, and, the fake flames keep licking every part of her skin with the same fire that consumes his soul. He loves her so much in that moment that even though the hurt feels like a raw living thing, he's happy to be the scapegoat. Gale has only ever had practice letting things go and letting them burn perhaps to prepare himself to sacrifice her, so that the rest of the world can have hope. Even if she does come back by some miracle, or fate, things will never be the same. The world will always need her to have faith. Gale can pinpoint the exact moment he lost her, and the exact moment Panem found her, and the rest of the story has already been told. V. hearthstone noun /ˈhɑrθˌstoʊn/ Home When the Capitol burns the only place he has ever known like the palm of his hand and forces him, and nearly a thousand others to watch countless of people die, the candle that was slowly heating up his core finds fuel and turns to an inferno. You see, one thing he's learned working at the mines is that if you expose metal to enough pressure and fire, the resulting alloys bring about the strongest steel, and that is what they're making of him. With every single life lost, and with every single building that is now unmade, the Capitol has forged the armor that he'll use when he meets his demons face to face. People call him hero later for the lives he managed to keep safe, and others call him monster for the decisions he was willing to make, but when you survive the decimation of your home, the stealing of your best friend, the marking of your skin with whips and chains just because you had the nerve to live, when you survive any and all those things, they grant you permission for whatever hell you manage to unleash. They forced him to watch his home burn, he will force them to watch what they've made of him. (epilogue) (the one thing that wouldn't burn) The truth is that leaving for District 2 is not as hard as one would think. Up until then, Gale's never been in a position where he can hoard possessions, so the packing and the preparing of his cargo is easy: favorite boots, pair of socks, duffle bag, board a train, ready to go. He realizes early in the trip that the attempt to not think of who he is leaving behind in a dreadfulstate of mourning he can't soothe, is completely futile, so he focuses his eyes on the horizon of every District on the route, looking for pastures, valleys, trees and forests. For every hint of woods found in the landscape, or for every smiling innocent child that he knows won't be subjected to another set of Games, he lets his mind drown in one memory shared with Katniss, or in conversations shared with Prim. As he replays them, he categorizes his memories of Katniss into beginnings, middles, and ends, and it doesn't matter where he puts her smiles, her tears, or her lips, every memory reignites a fire beast in his lower abdomen that logic tells him he should tame. But the thing is the chemistry in Gale's heart has involved blazes for so long that he doesn't know how to quench them or put the fire to rest, not when it has been the only thing keeping him alive or making him brave to face every decision he's ever made. Will he miss her? Of course he will. For years he will look at himself in the mirror and see it so evidently on his forehead that he will understand why no one ever asks him questions about her even though everyone knows they were connected. For years, Gale will think about that word — connected —full of too much past tense and too many things unsaid, and the yearning in his stomach will become corporeal, the emptiness of his hands will become a living thing. But he will also bear the weight of why he left the remnants of District 12 gladly on his shoulders, and when faced with the question Would you leave her again? the answer will always be Of course I would. And it is in this state and with this certainty that he goes back to rebuild the District where he caused more damage, it is with this knowledge that he joins the regiment positioned exactly where the Nut burned. And when he's out there, unpacking his duffel bag, on a standard issue army bed, longing for things he can fix, his fingers close around a round cold metal with uneven edges and a sharp point, and even before he draws his hand out, and looks at what has accidentally traveled with him from so far away, he knows he will always keep Katniss' mockingjay pin as his treasure because, like him, it survived a war and so much fire just so it can always remind him how much freedom cost.