feelings towards him just because of one stupid, possible sister murderer. He smiles a somewhat timid smile and moves closer, swallowing my lips with his. I moan in pleasure and he takes that as encouragement. His hands move to slide my pants down. He has trouble with the knot but I can't help him; my hands are too busy undoing his belt. His lips slow. This is the kiss of lovers who had all of time. And we do. The Capitol has been brought down, Gale's officially out of the picture and there was no one around to interrupt us. "I love the taste of your lips," Peeta whispers, short of breath. This sentence alone leaves me wanting more from him and I tremble in anticipation. I feel bad for having no romantic talk like he seems to have, and I hope for my sake that it's just coming natural, rather than from his experience. "I want to always have the taste of you on my lips," he murmurs into my ear, raising goose bumps. Well, he was always the one with the words, I think before we sink back into the bed. "Katniss… Katniss, wake up sweetheart," Peeta sings into my ear. I roll over and turn to where he lays. I wonder if he's saying the sweetheart bit to mock Haymitch, but from the look of his eyes, he means it one hundred percent. "Mmm, morning," I smile up at him and shut my eyes again before the sun can blind me. "Effie will be here at lunchtime, so we'd better get ready," he says softly into my ear, but it's clear to me that he'd rather lay here all day with me. "Why do we have to get ready so early? I mean, I know she has to have everything on schedule, but can't we have a few more hours of sleep?" I mumble, wanting to curl up in his arms and stay there, forever. "Katniss, it's just past eleven in the morning. We have less than an hour," he warns me and I shoot up out of bed. Today, my one goal was, or at least, had been to get ready all by myself and look as good as I would have had Cinna been here. There was no way I could do that now, but what did I care? Instead I got to stay in bed, wrapped up in my amazing boyfriend's arms. Still… "Shit. I guess I'd better go then," I frown and he chuckles. "I'll bring my stuff to your place so I can help you get ready, you know, zip up your dress and all that," he winks at me and I can feel my cheeks reddening. I remember the days when I would have hit him, or any boy who said that to me. Apparently these days I liked that sort of talk. I giggled. It was a weird feeling, looking in the mirror and seeing the person I'd transformed all on my own, with the occasional help from Peeta. My breasts were pushed up to my chin, my eyelashes the length of my pinky finger, my hair in a style I should hope Cinna would be proud of. I heard the doorbell ring downstairs and Haymitch grumble. Judging by the quick steps, Peeta was the one to answer the door. I smiled when I heard Effie's bright voice. I descended the stairs carefully, trying not to trip. "Katniss! How are you?" Effie Trinkets shrill voice welcomed me as she embraced me. "Good, well, ever since Peeta returned," I turned to grin at a smiling Peeta. "Katniss," Gale nodded towards me. I glared at him, my blood boiling. Flashes of Prim rushed through my mind and I wondered yet again whether he had been her murderer. I hoped it wasn't. "Can I talk to you?" I froze when he touched my arm, the last time he had done that being when he'd tried to keep me from Peeta. I grit my teeth and nodded, following him outside. "Look, Katniss, isn't there any chance you can get past the possible bomb situation? There's every chance that I didn't make the bomb that killed her, you know. I miss you. It's lonely in Two. I know you hate it here, so come back with me. Leave everything behind, forget the past and be my best friend again. More than my best friend. I love you Katniss, and I know somewhere deep inside you, you still love me," his hand caressed my cheek. I took in a deep breath. "Gale, you were my best friend, and I never loved you more than that. Or maybe I did, I don't know, love confuses me. Even if I did, it doesn't matter. We live ten districts away from each other. I love Peeta and… Gale, we're alike, yes. But we're too much alike. We have too much… fire. I need some happiness, some positive. Only one person can give me that, and you're not him. I'm sorry," I don't mention the part where I hate him. I try to shake him off to talk to Effie, but instead he prisoned my face in both of his hands, and drew me closer. His lips pressed against mine in a forceful way, forcing me to respond. He took my hands trying to push him away as encouragement. He moaned in pleasure, and I bit his lip, not in a romantic, lustful way, but in a get-the-hell-off-of-me, painful way. "Gale!" I exclaimed, breathless. "I know," he grinned. Resting his hands lightly on mine. My head spun towards where I heard something on the porch. Peeta was standing there watching us with a sad smile on his face. He shut the door, giving us privacy. "Gale Hawthorne. Don't you ever, ever touch me again." I raised my hand and slapped him with all my power. I rushed away but not before I saw the giant welt forming on his face.