We let them decide, choose their people's champions. They chose you. You can always decline of course, but listen close Sweetheart, here's the part you'll be most interested in. The winners' prize is one million dollars. Even split fifty-fifty, I'd say that covers sweet Primrose's medical school and you could even move to Soho after. No more ramen." He lets that settle for a moment. Certain he has me. They all are, each of the men in this room looks positively satisfied, excepting Peeta, whose face had become an unreadable mask. "How intrusive would this be," I ask. "There will be an interview for the premiere so the people back home can get to know you better and a camera crew will follow you right up to your hotel door and probably further if you don't lock it," Plutarch supplies honestly. I make a face. "What about our jobs," I ask again. "I spoke with Seeder this morning. She thinks it'll be a lovely exclusive article for QUEST, the magazine will thrive. It would only help your career. As for Peeta, he owns his company. I'm sure he could delegate his duties to a trusted employee for a time." I cast an impressed look Peeta's way and he blushes. "How long do we have to think about it," I ask. "Long enough for the two of you to mull it over in the café downstairs for an hour, Snow is not a patient man and he wants filming to begin ASAP. You are the last team to accept, we have a limited amount of time to find new contestants. It would be most... inconvenient," Haymitch answers giving me a hard stare that I return. "I'll be up in an hour. I can't speak for Peeta though," I tell them, standing. "I'll join you," he says rising. He opens the door for me and we slip past Effie on the phone, and into the elevator. "He did that on purpose," I remark darkly as the doors close. "Saving us for last, knowing I'd have to make a quick decision and would hate to leave him high and dry. He knows I don't do cameras." "I think your photos beg to differ " Peeta replies, shoving his hands into his pockets. "You know what I mean. I'm a private person. They're going to dig into the past, air out my tragedies, especially for this hometown hero bit they want me to play." "You think I don't have a few skeletons hanging up in my closet," Peeta asks, and he turns to me. His eyes are wide and honest and eyes that had occasionally been blacked by his mother. He and his brothers had always lied, chalked it up as an accident or just boys playing rough, but after a while everyone knew. "I know you do," I admit, then look away from him. His scrutiny is too deep. "And you're alright with that? With someone knowing about that?" "Most everyone I know on a personal level knows about my childhood. Why should it bother me if strangers do," he answers as we step from the elevator. "Besides," Peeta says, leading the way to the café, "Somewhere someone else is dealing with the same thing. I'd like them to see it can and does get better." I think on that a while as we purchase our drinks, a hot chocolate for me and an earl gray for him. He drinks it without sugar. "We're going to spend a lot of time together, if we do this I mean," I said quietly. He chuckles. It's a nice sound. "If that's why you're so apprehensive, I should be offended. Most people like me actually," he says smiling. "Oh no, I like you, I mean, I was just putting it out there," I say quickly. "I know what you meant, I think," he chuckles again. "I don't think I'll mind, if you don't." I nod, but take another noncommittal sip of my hot chocolate. "What's catching you up Katniss," he asks. "There's a chance to end any of your financial problems. Your going to cause a lot of good publicity for your magazine. You have the opportunity to inspire people that might need it. Only good can come of this." "I don't know. I guess it feels kind of like charity," I sigh. He doesn't say anything for a moment and I look up at him. He fixes me with an intense look I'm not prepared for. Those eyes are too expressive. "I don't see what's so wrong with getting a little help," he says softly. He goes back to his tea and me to my chocolate. "Are you in," he asks after a time. "I can't find a reason why not," I reply back. "Trust me. I've been trying." He laughs. "Let's go tell Haymitch then." We've made it to the fifteenth floor when I stop the elevator. "Thank you for the baskets. I'm sorry I didn't say anything before, I should have and the longer I didn't the harder it became to say anything at all." I almost whisper, staring deeply at the front pocket of his shirt as if it were feeding me lines and feeling the heat rising out of my neck into my face. "Is that why you've treated me like a pariah all this time," he asks and I can feel his gaze on my face. "Pretty much," I admit sheepishly. He laughs lowly and shakes his head at me. He's doing that thing with his hands again, uncertain what he's doing with them. He gives me a wary sort of look, sighs, and hits the floor button on the elevator with his uneasy hands. " Good to know." he remarks quietly and we ride the rest of the way up in a comfortable silence. Haymitch and Plutarch are overjoyed and after our signatures, we become the tenth and final team on the first ever season of Around the World.