they were her. She always wakes up shaking, remembering what it was like to call Gale hers with perfect clarity, just like she did that night of the whipping, and just like she does often in her dreams. Who is she trying to deceive? Of course, wherever he is, Gale must remember her singing to him, too. V. hanged She never sings the hanging tree again. It's not like she had sung it a lot before the war broke out, but the song stayed in her head for ten years without her giving it more thought other than the memory of her father and nooses made of rope by her seven year old hands. But after she inadvertently gives the song of her father to the cameras, and the song is forever linked to the rebellion, she actively wishes it could be gone from her brain just like the valley song. The footage of her singing it with the birds is never broadcasted; and it becomes the first clip where her face doesn't make a hijacked Peeta rage, so it technically shouldn't hold a lot of bad memories or association with the war. Still, the song reminds her of times where it was important to find out if death was indeed the only way out of the dangerous games she was forced to play. The song reminds her of pending answers, and she doesn't want to admit there's still moments where she thinks the freedom the song promised was in fact hidden on midnight gatherings and necklaces of rope. (The one time she didn't sing) Under the willow It's twenty years after the war and she goes to her daughter's school for a musical production. Of course, her daughter will sing. This does not surprise anyone. Katniss' hair is shorter than the rest of Panem would like, and her body still has gnarly scars up her arms, down her legs: emblems and remnants of battles that make Katniss more her . Peeta goes with her, there's paint underneath his nails, and a bit of flour in his collar that she cleans without anyone else noticing as they walk together into the school's assembly hall. It's become refreshing, almost. Acts like that where she fixes something small in him that no one else knows is broken; things that she can pat herself on the back for and relish in the small victories. It has taken years to throw a foundation on their relationship that isn't covered on eggshells, or bomb shelters, or chaotic nightmares, but she likes to think they're getting there; that having children together has forced them to attempt to put their demons behind them and go back to that protective mode that was their relationship at their core. They find a place to sit, and he throws a sideways glance at her while he stops and lets her into the row first. The people around them speak in hushed voices when they recognize them, but they are used to this; they have started to become grateful for the fact that they don't stare at her scars or the graying in his hair anymore at the very least. The first time she heard her daughter sing on her own, a drawer in Katniss' brain opened as if a long lost thing was found only she couldn't remember losing it, or where the thing's place was anymore. She struggled to settle her nerves and Peeta ran soothing hands down her shoulders while she explained to him that there had to be something fundamentally wrong with her as a mother if her daughter's voice unsettled her so much. It wasn't until the girl asked her with a childish voice to join her in the song and they harmonized together so effortlessly that she realized her daughter's voice sounded a few octaves higher than the grandfather she would never meet. Katniss had to continue the song with a lump in her throat, but after all she's not a stranger to pretending things are fine when there's hurricanes inside her soul. And so when the little girl stands before the school, and starts singing the words to Rue's and Prim's lullaby, Katniss half-smiles but one of her palms closes up, marking her nails into her skin in an effort to stay in the here and now, and not travel back in time to horrid places she's still trying to surpass. Peeta's learned to sense her mood swings and he reaches for her hand and gently pries her nails away from the middle of her palm, but he never takes his eyes off the little girl as the spotlight shines on her for different reasons than when it shone on them decades before. It's beautiful and unsettling yet exciting and full of pride even if Katniss' goosebumps have a lot to do with Rue, and her father, and losses cut a long time in the past. Half through the opening song everyone in the audience is mumbling the words to the lullaby too, everyone becoming mockingjay's repeating the melody back at Katniss' little girl, and when Peeta whispers into her ear something along the lines of Will you join her? Signaling for her to sing with the crowd too, it dawns on her that it might be the first time someone is singing about meadows and prairies and safety and warmth, and the words of the song might actually be true. Katniss smiles back at him and shakes her head no as a careful tear slides down her cheek. The war's mockingjay doesn't sing anymore, she simply doesn't have to. End Notes This concludes my takes on Peeta, Katniss and Gale as characters. Also, in case anyone else was wondering, the songs Katniss sings that are not in the series that I decided to make her sing here are "You are my sunshine" to Prim as a baby, and "The trees they grow so high" to Gale. The rest are songs found in canon.