I laugh, giving him a little kick. He dodges it and smirks at me. I roll my eyes, earning myself an open-mouthed kiss. I kiss him back until he finally pulls away, gasping for breath. "You really need a mint, don't you, Peridot," he says, giving me an innocent grin. I pout and pretend to smack the side of his head. "And you need a cosmetic surgeon and years of therapy, you graphite head." He pretends to clutch his heart. "Oh, you cruel monster! You have shattered my sensitive heart for eternity..." "Hey, better you than me," I reply with a sassy smile on my face. Then we kiss until the sun goes down, and by the bathing of moonlight, I whisper into his ear as we finally pull away gasping for air, "Say it. Say it again." "I love you." And then his arms engulf me, and we lay outside watching the starry night sky glitter with winking stars. Sterling wouldn't give me another kiss until I said three certain words back to him. "Sterling, I'm scared." "Shhh." "Wait...Sterling..." "You're so beautiful, Peridot." "Wow, you're an amazing kisser..." "Damn, Peridot. You're an amazing girl." "You're amazing, too, Sterling, but I'm not so sure about this...you were my first kiss, and now our kiss is getting more...intense..." "Don't you know that I would never want to hurt you? Babe, I love you." "Love you, too." "Can I kiss you more?" "Um..." "God, you're thin and gorgeous." "Aww. Go ahead and kiss me, Sterling." I used to think that if I pressed my hands to my eyelids really hard, I could force myself to stop crying. No such luck. I told my family I want to be alone tonight. And they accepted it like the family they are. My mother may be a clueless fashion freak. My father may be an uptight man who spends too much time worrying over small things. My brother may be a wimp. But they understand. They know I need to be alone. I gaze into the crackling fire. I watch their flames dance, hungry for something intense. I once had a hunger like that too. Sterling. I seethe with rage as my torturous mind flashes into a picture of Sterling and that girl Heart Mendale. Behind a tree. Eating face as if their lives depended on it. Her legs struggling to wrap around his torso. His greedy hands tugging at her clothes. I want to rip every inch of her to shreds and feed them to the neighbor's pet goat. I want that picture to burn as a forgotten memory. I don't ever want to see, hear, or think anything of it again. When they noticed me, they pretended they didn't. And the next day, Sterling wouldn't talk to me. Or the next. Or the one after that. By then, I realized what I should've, a long, long, time ago. I want to watch him die. I want Sterling to die and I want him to suffer, slowly and agonizingly as I sit by the fire now, consumed in my own tears. With a shriek of fury, I yank off the locket Sterling gave me for my sixth birthday. I found out that night that golden lockets made the fire nice and toasty and lasts all night long. I'm sixteen years old. Sterling had volunteered for this year's Hunger Games. Aww, didn't he make the most precious tribute? Honey curls, gray-green eyes, and that boyishly-cute freckled nose. All dressed up and handsome. My little Sterling was all grown up. He did great during the Interviews. And he got an impressive score of 9 in Training. Plus, I'm guessing he was a favorite among the crowd at the Opening Ceremony. But on the morning of the Games, he didn't make it past the Bloodbath. He shamed District 1. Everyone was talking about it. Except for me. I listened. And I heard. I knew. And I smiled. You did a great job, Sterling. You did good. But good isn't perfect, Sterling. Goodness is nothing compared to perfection. Because in the end, you still only got a 9. You still had something missing. And don't let looks fool you, honey. Because you're not as innocent as you looked at all. I completed my training early. I graduated one year earlier than average tributes did. My trainers called me special. Awww. I like being called special. I like being special. I would like to be innocent, too. But no one can be innocent in this world. Sterling showed me this. Everyone is either too corrupt, too selfish, too filled with desire. Innocence is only an illusion most imagine themselves as. Because they want to be good and pure. They can't be, so they dream they are. They think I'm nice and sweet and good pure. They think that little Peridot Angel is as innocent as her name sounds. They think that I'm tame. I'm not tame. No. Not after Sterling messed up my life. Now Sterling's dead. And I could care less. In fact, I cheered when he died. I'd been avenged when he died. People think they're so innocent, and that others are so sweet and just and innocent. Let them see how wrong their twisted illusions are. Let them see how far their minds are made up. No one in this world possesses a single drop of innocent blood in this screwed-up world. And I'm going to show them that. I'm going to be their messenger. They must learn their lesson. They must know. If they depend too much on their imagined innocence, they will just hurt themselves eventually. Call me whatever you'd like, but I do not like seeing the innocent get hurt. That is, of course, if innocence existed, which it does not. My name is Peridot Angel, I'm seventeen years old this year, and I'm volunteering for this year's Hunger Games. Oh, one more thing. I'm going to win, even if it kills me.