them all yourself. When it dawns on him that no, the games are not proof of how Katniss loves, or that she loves him, it is the first time he feels betrayed. It was all for the games, how you acted he says as he stares at her face, and he sees despair but recognition when he says it. It's so ironic, he almost wants to laugh. Not all of it . She's holding flowers, and she looks so radiant, so real, and so small. What was he expecting? He knew from the first moment in the Justice Building that he wanted to make a story for the audience, that none of it would be real, that he was doing this as a way to stop being a pawn in the Games, as a way to stay true to himself, and in the end he's been played by his own craftsmanship. He's the plot twist of his own story, the one loose end, the one scenario he had not calculated or made plans for. He's his own plan's weak link and if he could he would kick himself for the sheer anger he feels. What's going to be left when we get home? He asks her, because suddenly he has stopped being able to read circumstances and to even read himself, but even as he says it, and before she mouths I don't know, he already knows nothing will be left when they get home. Because there was nothing to begin with, just burned bread and glances stolen, and kindness, and stories he made himself. They're just strangers that were forced to play a sadistic game. He used to know that. He planned for it, even. There's no sin in Katniss only playing the cameras to survive, because that's what he was doing too, wasn't it? At the beginning? But he needs somewhere to direct his anger, and he's just realized he actually loves her, so he takes it out on her. He's really just angry at himself, but he's not used to not being in control in some capacity. He's angry that even in his desire to not be played by this corrupt government and rebel against it, he has been played by his own heart. Let me know when you figure it out , he hears his own voice being petty and blaming her for things he only has himself to blame for. He sees himself walking away from her, from the one person who saved his life just by giving him a purpose , the one person who has made him remarkable, and he hates himself even more. When he tells her they have to do it for the audience the next day, he holds her hand and he feels her eyes looking for her hunting partner in the crowd, yet, he feels the electricity coursing from his hand to hers, and he loves her with everything he has. But he realized he loved her when he thought he could keep her but how can you keep someone who doesn't feel the same. XXXVIII. (the one last thing) When he's strapped to the chair, somewhere in a Capitol facility, with devices keeping his eyes open, with wires attached to his veins and sweat coursing through every square inch of skin, he has one sudden moment of clarity where he knows what they're doing. Where he knows that he's losing himself, and with everything that makes him him , he's also losing the memories he has of that one person he loved by accident in a mix of pretending, faking, and reality behind closed doors. The Capitol technicians who work horrors on him are always Avoxes, he suspects so that they aren't tempted to tell him what will become of him but he knows. He knows because the Capitol always looks right to the marrow of your being in order to destroy whatever makes you human, and what makes Peeta human is his ability to adapt while also knowing what his twisted morals are. That's his weakness. That's how he lowered his defenses enough to fall in love without intending to, and that's what they will wreck with this torture of venom and pain. He knows the Capitol will strip him of the choice to play by his own rules by making something out of him. Some kind of weapon, maybe. Something to destroy the revolution he himself has wanted for years. He isn't sure what they'll do, but he knows there is no way the real version of him will survive this one game unscathed. He loses memories, he loses the voice of the girl with the braid, the mockingjays falling silent, he loses the bread, he loses conversations of favorite colors, and suddenly there is no girl, there are no braids, there is only red eyes and bites and venom, but before they break apart everything he is, the last lucid memory of something he can make sense of; of something he can relate to is not interviews or pearls, or kisses given by the beach, or the longing looks he shared with her. His last lucid memory is a word that flashes in his brain like a neon sign with bright lights pointing the way and, he bites into his tongue until he can taste blood so as to remember what the pain is telling him. Pain has always grounded him, pain has always taught him when to let go, and it will tell him now the only thing he needs to hold on to the person that he is. The pain will remind him it's not the Capitol who owns him; he doesn't even own himself anymore. Weeks later, when Delly's telling him about a childhood he simultaneously remembers and not, he doesn't know why he's writing the word always over and over and over again in patches of patchwork until his fingers are blistered and the ends of his nails almost draw blood.