see the estimated population you've got. I also need complete details of what your medical team has got in order to settle necessary machines in case of emergencies because my medical team might need to use them." "You brought your own medical team?" I ask, clearly reminding them that Peeta and I are still around earshot when they should be discussing this in private. "I did." Officer Vana turns a look at me and gestures her hand to at least three people in her team. I notice right away the only woman my age with dark hair tied in a ponytail carrying a metal case with her. Why wouldn't I when I see her blue green eyes watching Peeta closely? "It's not just about capturing the Jack Users, Ms. Everdeen," Vana turns her attention to me again and I find myself meeting them. I've never been intimidated by anyone and I certainly don't feel like it right now. I met her olive green eyes. "It's also about Peeta and his future sessions with the medical team." "What?" I know it came out of me angrily but I am really angry. My hand shot out of nowhere toward Peeta's arm and I am pulling him close to me. "What are you talking about?" Vana's eyes immediately raises to Haymitch who considers for a moment and then stays silent. "You were suppose to tell them, Haymitch." The lady troupe leader says in a suddenly sharp voice. "I might've missed that... yeah." Is Haymitch's only defense. Well, if he wants to be in her good side, he is not playing his cards well. I might as well splash water in his face to wake him to this reality but I can careless. Not when Peeta is concerned. My scowl never left my face. Vana gives a sigh before standing in front of me and Peeta. She looks around making sure nobody else was in earshot; she needn't need to though, the District 12 townspeople know when it's not their business to mind. Especially when they see the Mayor and we, people from the Victor's Village are concerned. "I am sure you are aware that the drug ' The Jack' is from the venom of Tracker Jackers?" "Yeah," Peeta responds while my scowl deepens. "Some dangerous people in the Black Market have developed another way to use Tracker Jacker venom as a form of drug that gives hallucination to people. Not just fear this time. They've developed it into something else. It gives pleasure and the promise of elation. 'Jack Users' are those people who have become mad under the influence of that drug. It kills them slowly. And they kill for it." "What's that got to do with Peeta?" I say with somewhat of an idea why they need him. Vana's eyes transfers from Peeta to mine. And then she says it: Peeta is to help them develop an anti drug since he was one of those who came back after such exposure to it. That it's not about subjecting him to it, more like he shares what it's like and how he overpowered it. "You don't need to worry." She assures me as if she is reading what's on my mind, "We're not going to make him go through anything dangerous. Just some questions and tests." Didn't they have the same tests done to him in District 13? I question again, uncertain. She answers that since Peeta is here in District 12, they have the privileged to interview him themselves. "Katniss," Peeta holds my hand and smiles at me, "it's no big deal to me. It's okay." His smile wins me and I give up the subject. "You on the other hand, Ms. Everdeen, may want to give us a helping hand too?" Vana looks at me as if sizing me up, "We know you're well aware of the territory of District 12 and you're an excellent shooter. Your help will really be appreciated." It seems like Haymitch did his part reporting to her about me. Am I going to be one of his stepping stones toward her? I give Haymitch a look and see him wink at me. So I am going to be a part of the hunting squad, huh? It was Peeta's turn to scowl. "We better bring the rest of the subject to a place with four walls," Haymitch says at once, "Mayor Alphonse can take your troupe where they can put the camp and we can discuss it over my house, what do you say?" And thus the reason for the painting. But it's not just about the outside, Haymitch, you better clean the inside— I want to tell him that as Peeta and I catch each other's eyes again and press our lips and not let out a sound. As the mayor separates the soldiers from us and Haymitch leading us I distinctly notice her again—that young woman who is about my age, looking at Peeta. Peeta probably felt her gaze because as soon as he turns his head he catches her eyes. And she smiles at him intensely. I am surprised beyond anything and that little feeling I felt once before, when Peeta chatted animatedly with a certain tribute named Johanna, came ripping at me. What was that about? I turn my head and walk ahead, hearing Peeta call my name but I ignore him. For some reason I want to end it all—this visit. I want to make it as short as possible and them out of the District even if it meant cutting Haymitch's love story short. Because I don't feel comfortable feeling that way. That is when I swear I'd put my mind in hunting the Jack Users. My mind jumps at my arrow and bowstring. With the game at hand I know I need them. Then again—is this the real game I am going to play? ~To be Continued~ A/N: "Are you...Are you... Coming to the Tree?" Thank you for reading!