that the force field that lay beyond the cliff caused the axe to bounce back at Rouge, piercing her square between the eyes. She was the second person that did not come home that night. "Well?" Junius asked again with a raised brow. "I'm sorry, I have to go," Cashmere choked as she tried to sidestep the man. He would not allow it. Grabbing her wrist, he swung her around and forcefully threw her into the nearest wall. The back of her skull throbbed from the force. "Listen to me you stupid girl. I paid good money to help sponsor you through those ridiculous Games for your dear, old dad. Now, our dear President honoured me with some of your unregimented time and I would very much like to take full advantage of it." He hissed in her ear as one his boney knees cracked open her thighs. Instinct kicked in as Cashmere's self-defense training came to light. Taking the heel of her foot, she pushed it into the inner most part of his, throwing him off guard while giving her the opportunity for a clothed knee to make contact with his crotch. Falling to the floor with a cry, Cashmere dashed away from Junius Gallus. Hopefully she will never have to see that pervert's face again. Running against the current stream of Capitol folk as they made their way into the dining hall, Cashmere dashed out the front doors. Rows upon rows of cabs lay waiting in park for drunken citizens to cart around to various destinations. Climbing into the first one she could find, she realized she wasn't alone. Those hard gray eyes blinked back at her while a strong hand wrapped around the neck of a bottle of scotch. "Guess we're both goin' back to the Training Centre then." "No, the train station." Cashmere called, her hands turning in on themselves, "I am not spending one more minute here in this disgusting, ill-mannered city." "Well aren't you a little firecracker, princess," Haymitch roared with laughter, "Still, Training Centre first." He smiled lazily to the driver, ushering him to start the engine. "Why?! What's there?" "I don't think Tiff would like you leavin' her behind," he took a swig from his bottle as the cab pulled out of the courtyard and onto the main street. The drive was quiet as only the car rattled and alcohol sloshed around in the bottle. When the cab arrived, Cashmere dashed from the vehicle first. Not bothering to thank or pay the driver for his services. Bursting through the door of the apartment and into Tiffany's room, Cashmere woke her mentor violently. "I'll fucking cut you!" Tiffany yelled out into the dark before she realized Cashmere was the one to have shoved her out of bed. "Get up, we're leaving!" Cashmere growled. "Don't talk to me like that, show some respect." "Whatever, I'm sick of this stupid place and its ridiculous people. I was going to go home but Mr. Abernathy wouldn't let me board the train without you coming with me. So here I am. Let's go." Tiffany's blue eyes widened and she jumped up and out of her sleep wear. "You have 5 minutes to get changed. I will meet you out front," Tiffany said while throwing on the most comfortable clothes she could find from her closet. Haymitch was still sitting in the cab when the girls from One arrived, "Evenin' ladies, would'ya like a ride?" Tiffany rolled her eyes and opened the door, shoving the man over to make room for them, "Going home too, Abernathy?" she asked with a smile, her hand grabbing for the near empty bottle. He took the final swig of his bottle before throwing it out the open window, "I've wanted to the moment I stepped off that first train." "When you pass through District 12 on the Victory Tour, make sure you've brought a hospitality token." Tiffany advised as she watched the neutral landscape between the Capitol and District One pass by. "Hm? Okay." Cashmere agreed, idly playing with her nails. "Haymitch stuck his neck out for you tonight. I'm not sure why, but you need to thank him for it." "Sure, okay," she peeled off more of the green polish. "Do you want to tell me why he would do something like that?" She attempted to make eye contact with Cashmere, but the girl would not pick her gaze up from her lacquered nails. She shrugged as she started on her right hand now, "I guess he thought it would be better if I didn't regurgitate all over President Snow's marble floor." Tiffany shook her head and went back to staring out the window. "Oh! He wanted me to let you know, he didn't want to have to babysit again," Cashmere claimed as she too began to watch the scenery go by. Tiffany laughed lightly before it faded and turned sour. "What's wrong?"Cashmere glanced up. "Hm? Oh. Nothing," She looked Cashmere up and down. Even the t-shirt and shorts she changed into accentuate all the right curves on her body. She emitted sex wherever she went and there was no way to control it. She prayed that Snow would have some mercy on this young girl's soul. Cackling at her own ridiculous thought, she scared Cashmere accidently. Snow having mercy, why did she think that was possible? They arrived at the station in District One two hours after their departure time. No one was there to greet the Mentor or Victor upon their return. The residents were all tucked cozily into their beds at three o'clock in the morning. Cashmere inhaled a deep breath of the candy sweet air. The asphalt was cool beneath her bare feet, while her high-heeled shoes dangled from her fingers. "Ready to go?" Tiffany asked. The cab she called stood not three meters away from the platform. With a whip of her hair, Cashmere smiled more radiantly than her mentor had ever seen before. "Let's go!"