most arrogant guy I have ever met. He says some things about how honored he is to be part of these Hunger Games, and then he announces the girl's name. I watch a redheaded girl enter the stage from the 13 year old section. Her name, Autumn Mangione, is unfamiliar to me. She gives a brave smile, but it falls after half a second and tears begin to fall from her eyes. I feel bad for her, she's so young and scared. Apparently, she was chosen for her kind personality, but I'm guessing the real reason was so she could be a bloodbath tribute. I hope this girl makes it further than that, who knows; maybe she can even win these Games. "And now, the male tribute," the mayor says, grinning at his audience. "The male this year will be—chosen for his strength and ability to adapt—is Huckleberry Johnson." He announces. This doesn't surprise me, not one bit. For a split second, I feel nothing, not fear or dread; nothing. I begin the walk to the stage, and emotions start to come, slapping me in the face. It's not the emotions I thought I would feel if I were Reaped, not even close. I feel angry, angrier than I've ever been in my life. And, I'm angry at my life. I'm angry that I didn't get more out of it, and that I didn't really ever do anything worth remembering. I walk onto the stage and glare at the mayor, who, in return, smirks. He feels no sympathy toward me or the girl. He doesn't care that we are going to die in a matter of days, he doesn't care that people will miss us. I shake the girl's hand quickly, and don't wait for the escorts as I enter the Justice Building. I walk into one of the rooms and sit down, my arms folded, and glaring at nothing in particular. My friends come in; they seem sad, and they tell me good luck and give me advice. I don't listen to them, just keep glaring. Soon, they leave and my father enters. I don't glare at him, but I do not listen to what he has to say. Once he is done talking and is about to leave, I yell at him, "I hate you! All you've ever done is make my life hell! You and mom both." He turns around, but there is no emotion in his eyes. He then turns and leaves and I am left wondering why he has never cared. I wonder a lot of things, actually. I wonder why I am so angry. I wonder why I am acting so strangely. I wonder what is in store for me at the Capitol. I wonder what it's like. I wonder what the interview will be like. I wonder what my bed will look like. I wonder who I will meet. I wonder who I will become friends or enemies with. I wonder about the arena, and what would happen if I win. I wonder if people will hate me, or if they will like me. I wonder if I will get any sponsors, if I'll even last through the bloodbath. And I wonder. And wonder. And wonder. Eventually, a Peacekeeper comes in and leads me to the train that holds the other tributes. After district three, there is only two districts left. A Peacekeeper tells me that we will be arriving at the Capitol sometime tomorrow in the afternoon, and that we may go visit the other tributes at anytime while on the train. I eat dinner with Autumn, which is awkward for both of us, since neither one of us speaks. The dinner is delicious, though, different kinds of soups, salads, bread, and meats. I eat so much that I have to excuse myself to go to the restroom retch, because I just can't hold it all down. I stay in my room after that, and don't bother to get anything else to eat, though half of it's gone. I dress into pajamas that I find in a drawer, and tuck myself into bed. It doesn't feel right, though. The pillow is too cold and squishy. The sheets are too warm and soft. And it's so nice. A smile spreads its way across my lips as my breath slows, as well as my heartbeat. I feel so peaceful, but not safe. I do not feel any kind of security whatsoever, and I have never felt so alone in my entire life. I know there are other tributes not that far from me, and Avoxes milling all about, but the loneliness overtakes me. It's like a dark shadow coming out and blocking the light away from my view. I open my eyes, but all I see is darkness. It's endless, and stretches on for miles in every direction. Suddenly, I don't understand why people are afraid of the dark. I wonder if it's because it's empty, or because they can't see. I feel drawn to the darkness. It reminds me of myself—empty and lonely. I lay in the unfamiliar bed for what seems like centuries, while I grow old and wrinkled. Ever so slowly, I begin to break. I realize that I will never again see the light. A single tear falls from the corner of my eye as the darkness which consumes me feels no longer comfortable, but threatening. The darkness has the stars and the moon to light it's way; I have nothing. This last bit is Huckleberry (Huck) dreaming, in case you didn't know. I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I promise (hope) this story will become more interesting. I would like to thank JustBreathDeep for editing this chapter for me. She is going to have a story out shortly after this is published, so be sure to check it out. It's going to have the same Quarter Quell twist as this story. Thank you for reading, and please review. (: