I've stayed fit, kept my skills sharp. I didn't blow both chances, damn, I lost once. I didn't get to use my second chance and she lost twice. She doesn't deserve it after what she took from me. Brok chuckles, "Ah, yes, I remember that. That was…" I lean my chin on my fist, arching one eyebrow. He clears his throat. "Sorry. So, I have to ask, what are you planning?" "What do you mean?" "I know you and I know you want to go. Don't even bother denying it. And now here's the perfect opportunity." I say nothing. "Uh huh. Thought so. Well, I don't know if you have anything solid, yet, but you know you could always play innocent." He says. "Volunteer and say you heard about Willow but you didn't know about Nita. Hell, if you want, I could ask Catia to find a way to keep Nita from volunteering before you." "Why?" "It's your life. You and I both know what could happen. I say, if you want to risk it then it's up to you. Of course, if you were my daughter, I'd put packaging tape over your mouth before you went to the Reaping pens today." I laugh and he smiles, taking an envelope out of one of the drawers of his desk and a piece of paper, scrawling on it. "Your usual salary and you can take ten pounds today." "Thanks," I say, standing up. "Oh, by the way, Dylan," he says as my hand is on the door knob. "If you die, don't worry, I'll give your brother or sister your job. Happy Hunger Games!" I roll my eyes. "And may the odds be ever in your favor." He adds as I shut the door. Just off the pier is a fish market. Most of the stalls here are owned by Brok. The slip he gave me granted me ten pounds of fish from any of the shops. I decide to treat my family. I get three pounds of lobster for Mom and Dad, two pounds of salmon for Lana and Luke, and a pound of perch for Evan, and a pound of tuna for me so it won't look odd. And, as a special treat, three pounds of rainbow trout. A family favorite. At home, Lana squeals in delight when I tell her I bought salmon for her. "Sweet Poseidon!" Mother gasps. "You got ten pounds? Did you save someone from dying or something?" I shrug. "Don't know. Maybe an early birthday present?" For the first time, I don't dress in the nice outfit that my mother, an excellent seamstress, made for me. It consists of a tunic and a skirt that falls just past my knees. The fabric is light blue, like the shallows where I'd learned to swim, and silky. It goes well with my darker blue eyes. Part of me wants to wear it, but I don't want my first impression to be soft and girly. I rummage through my closet looking for something—anything—else that I could wear that would make me appear normal to my district, but slightly intimidating to the other eleven. After a minute of searching, I give in and throw off my green shirt and slip the tunic over my head. I pull on tan corduroy shorts and slip on a pair of white sandals. I leave it down, brushing it behind my shoulders. Like this, it falls about to my waist, slightly wavy. I slip the switchblade into my pocket and leave the room. My sister is just now leaving her room, too, so cute in her light pink dress and pigtails, brings up a ripple of disgust. My face twists for a second. She wants to be one of our tributes? Her big green eyes widen at my expression and she hurries back into her room. I feel a twinge of regret for upsetting her, and it throws me off. I'm about to volunteer for the Hunger Games. This is not the time to let something like upsetting my sister bug me. Mother is surprised when I'm not in the outfit. She puts her hands on her hips. "Dylan, why aren't you—" "I don't want to wear it," I snap. "Watch how you speak to your mother." If our faces weren't similar, it would be hard to know he was my father. He has brown hair and green eyes, like Luke and Lana. Evan got his eyes from Dad and his dark red hair is a mixture of Dad's dark hair and Mom's auburn hair. I inherited Mom's hair and eyes. "Sorry." I mumble to her. "I've got the tunic on, though." Dad puts his hand on my shoulder and steers me through the house, out through the front door. "What?" I grumble when we're outside. "What's wrong with you today?" "It's my last reaping," I say. "Be happy." "I'm not." "You'll get over it. Apply to be a trainer in a few months if it means so much to you." I had considered that. When you turn nineteen, if you showed exceptional skills, you can apply to join the ranks of trainers in the Trials—but you have to be good. It's even better if they ask you to come back. At least my skills wouldn't be wasted them. But I will always envy the ones who get the chance to go to the Capitol, I know it. "I think I will." I say. Only, I won't be just a trainer. I'll be a victor. They have never supported my training. They didn't even come to see me fight. I hope they'll at least have the decency to cheer me on in the coming weeks and maybe, just maybe, be proud of me. So, like it so far? I know this was a bit slow, but I have to get this all out of the way. This story will start to pick up soon. :) Ok now review, favorite, subscribe...the whole sha-bang.