shoulder, she saw he was standing about ten feet away, watching her. Without thought Katniss leapt into Gale's arms half laughing, half sobbing. He held her firm against his body. Finally Katniss released him, overcome with hiccups, forced to find a drink. Then they did what they always did on their Sundays. They had breakfast, hunted, fished, and gathered. They gossiped about people in town. He told her which of his classmates toasted. They had all aged-out after the last reaping. They spoke about everything except the two of them, the arena, and Gale working in the mines. She was just starting to feeling like everything would be normal between them, that she still had that in her life. That at least Gale could be counted on. Sundays could be counted on, could be normal, like they were before. She had been clinging to this hope, desperately, that one thing in her upside down life could be steady. After Katniss had given him all of her game to trade at the Hob, she said she needed to get home. She hadn't told her mother or sister she'd be hunting, and had forgotten to leave a note. She was just suggesting that she take over the daily snares when he captured her face in his hands. Gale pressed his lips fiercely against hers. Then he let her go saying, "I had to do that. At least once." And then he was gone. Katniss had been too startled to react. She stood staring at the empty space he had just occupied. The day had a hesitant start, yet seemed to bloom into the promise of something familiar, before it thrust her back to the unpredictable. Frustrated, Katniss now sits outside the fence; her fingers absently weaving through the dried grass stalks that surround her while she attempts to sort her emotions. Gale had suggested they run away together the morning of the reaping, but he'd never come close to anything that would suggest an interest beyond what they've always had. Nothing romantic. Had she ever accidentally done anything to make Gale think she wanted that? Huffing, she rubs her hands rhythmically across the coarse fabric on her thighs. She knew, KNEW, that Gale would be unhappy about the strategy she used in the Games, but never considered why she knew. Groaning, Katniss yanks up a handful of grass by its roots, forcefully spraying clumps of baked earth on her trousers and shirt. While they hadn't spoken about the arena that morning, or how different her life had become, she had hoped that he would have understood that she wanted everything to return to how it was before the reaping. His lips had been warm, soft but hard, and a little chapped. She felt like maybe the kiss was something he did to her, rather than something they shared. She didn't feel violated, exactly, but he didn't ask, or give her time to say no. He had shattered some invisible barrier between them and with it any hope she had of resuming their old uncomplicated friendship. Gale was well aware of just how much she's hated change. "The world won't stop spinning for you, Catnip," he'd laugh. That kiss just confirmed that nothing from her old life remained. Even Prim seems to have matured and gained a new level of independence in the month Katniss had been gone. Without warning her chest tightens again and panic erupts deep in her belly. It splits wide into a black hole, and the world violently tilts. She feels herself sliding towards the inky depths, claws of dread drawing her into its abyss. Frantically she scrabbles for any other emotion. Finding anger, she clings to it like a lifeline, allowing it to catapult her to safety. "Damn you Gale!" she yells to no one. In the district older girls and women go about attracting boys and men a lot like how animals attract their mates. They add color to their cheeks and lips, sometimes their eyes. They wear clothes that accentuate their breasts and hips. Then they might act bold, swaying those hips and thrusting out their breasts, or perhaps demure, shyly looking up at their intended target through their lashes. Katniss had done none of these things, ever. At least, not with Gale, and not in the District. In the Capitol she'd been plucked, primped, and painted within an inch of her life, along with the other tributes. After they'd been displayed for all of Panem in the Tribute parade they'd been forced to train and eat together, know each other, before they were put in the arena. There they'd been forced to fight each other. Kill each other. After, she was celebrated, expected to be proud, pander to the Capitol Citizens. While her thoughts franticly ricocheted, fear having unhinged her mind, she smiled calmly. Seeing Snow's cold unforgiving snake eyes lock on hers while he placed the Victors crown on her head she wholly comprehended there were much worse things to fear than the arena. Prey, she understood better than humans, but in that brief moment she grasped the blame for the outcome of the Games was solely on her shoulders. And the outcome was unsatisfactory. Katniss refused to even acknowledge the gaping chasm of fear triggered by the very possibility she might be punished; anytime the thought began to solidify into consciousness she forced it out of her mind. As she had traveled home from the Capitol on the train, after she had washed away the makeup and changed from her dress and heels to trousers and a plain shirt, some of her paralyzing fear began to fade away. She had felt more herself, and her thoughts turned toward her sister Prim, Gale, and her mother. Home. Where she would feel normal. Safe. Of course she hadn't really felt safe since her father died. Except for the cave. Katniss sighs. In the cave, in the arena, she had felt safe in Peeta's strong arms.