that's a bad thing. I moan slightly as his finger brushes my raised nipple. He notices and gently circles the erect flesh with the tip of his thumb. I involuntarily convulse. "Peeta…" I moan, unable to form a full sentence. He caresses both my nipples, filling my body with pleasure. My toes curl with the intensity of emotion radiating from my body. He takes one of my nipples into the warm wetness of his mouth, slowly sucking and flicking the nub with his tongue. I barely contain a scream, emitting instead a strangled high pitched moan. I can feel him smirk against my breast at the reaction he elicits from me. He continues to gently knead the other breast. I guess working with lots of bread has its benefits , I think over the surges of pleasure raking my mind. After a time he switches, sucking on the other nipple and cupping the breast he had just finished with. By this time he had grown hard again. I, still wearing my underwear, grind my hips down onto his erection. Peeta unlatches his mouth from my breast, and he grabs my underwear. "You definitely don't need this any longer," he whispers in a husky voice into my ear. A small twinge of nervousness appears in my stomach as Peeta removes the one thing left keeping me partially clothed. I'm still on top of him and we look into each other's eyes. His eyes are cloudy with lust, his pupils dilated. I'm sure mine are a mirror image of his. With a sudden growl he flips me underneath him. I shriek a bit, started by the sudden movement. We are both covered in a thin sheen of sweat and breathing heavy. His hardness is only a few inches away from my entrance. Looking into his eyes I press my hips up and grind up against his hard erection, enjoying the feeling. His eyes go wide for a second as he gasps, then squeeze shut. His chin falls to his chest as he groans. His head snaps up as I press myself harder against him. He retaliates by grabbing my hips. I grab his large and strong forearms in my hands. I can feel his taut muscles rippling under his tanned skin. He pushes his hips forward, the tip of his hardness sliding into me. I gasp at the sensation and tighten my grip on his arms. I throw my head back as he presses himself farther into my core. He goes slowly to allow me time to adjust to his large width. A fog of pleasure clouds my mind so thoroughly I can't even form a coherent thought. He is almost all the way I, his hips flush with mine. He lets out a hiss of pent up breath as he pushes in completely. He pulls out almost all the way, then begins to softly thrust into my hot wetness. I raise my hips granting him better access, and wrap my legs around his waist. He's going sooo slow! I know he wants to make it last for me, and doesn't want to hurt me, but hell, I have NEEDS! I tighten my legs, pressing him farther into me. We both let out a gasp. Mine from pure pleasure, his a mix of pleasure and surprise. "Faster…and harder. A lot," I command as I release my legs slightly to let him pull out. He gives me a look as if to say, " well, this is what you asked for ". Then he thrusts all the way in. He hits my special bunch of nerves and my back arches as I gasp with a sharp intake of breath. He pulls out and quickly thrusts again. He continues thrusting, going harder and faster each time. He hits the spot with almost every thrust and every thrust brings me closer and closer to release. The tight knot in my stomach clenches tighter and tighter. He was coming close to release as well. The grip on my hips clenches with every thrust and his groans mix with my gasps. He pulls out almost all the way, then with a quick breath, slams into me. Hard. The knot in my abdomen releases and I scream as I orgasm. My release apparently sets Peeta over the edge. His muscles tighten and his whole body goes rigid. He thrusts hard once more and shouts as he releases. My body is quivering with bliss. Peeta rides out his orgasm. His grip on my hips lessening as his thrusts slow and eventually stop as he pulls out. He collapses next to me on the bed, panting; his sweat-drenched hair clinging to his head. I turn away from him. I am still coming down from my high as Peeta wraps his damp arms around my equally damp body and pulls me in close to him. We lay there for a while. Gradually our breathing slows to a normal tempo. I start falling asleep. I can tell by Peeta's breathing he is too. He snuggles his damp head into the back of my neck and sighs. "So, did that help you forget about your troubles?" I ask. He chuckles lightly and pulls a single sheet over us, covering our still naked bodies. "Yes. Yes, I believe it did," he replies into my ear. He plants a lingering kiss on the back of my neck. "I love you, Megan," he says. I can hear the smile in his voice. "I love you too, Peeta Mellark," I whisper back to him. "Although, I do believe that shower I took was for nothing now." "I'm going to need one too. You know, we could always take a shower together…" he replies in a seductive voice as he snuggles closer. "Deal," I mumble as I fall into a deep sleep, just imagining how our shower will go. A/N: This is my first fanfiction and my first smut, so helpful comments and suggestions are appreciated! Please comment/review!