of my hunter's stealth to leave the room without waking Peeta. My feet take me to his studio that was our library. Without thinking, I pull out that painting that I discovered after his episode five years ago; the painting of our daughter. I stare into her eyes, this girl who is a stranger, and yet so familiar at the same time. I touch the smooth brush strokes of Peeta's hand, so sure, so beautiful. I know, now. I want that little girl. And it terrifies me. I tiptoe back into the bedroom, crawling back into bed beside Peeta. This time he stirs, turning to blink sleepily at me. "Hi," he says, his voice still scratchy from sleep. "Hi," I answer. His eyes graze my face, the slight curve of my small hips beneath the covers. One big hand emerges to cup my face and he leans forward to kiss me, gently tugging my lower lip between both of his. His body presses against mine and I can feel him, hard against my stomach. I draw in a shaky breath. He pulls back, frowning. "What's wrong?" he asks, "You're trembling." I look into his bright, guileless blue eyes and the word bursts out of my mouth without my permission. "Okay." His brow furrows, confused. "Okay, what?" I take a deep shaky breath, my blood roaring in my ears. "Okay, let's have a baby." Peeta grows absolutely still, like a deer that has just spotted a wild cat stalking it. "What do you mean?" he asks, his lips barely moving. I roll my eyes at him. "I mean, I want us to have a family." "Are you sure?" he asks, his voice suddenly urgent. His hand darts out to catch and hold my wrist. "No," I answer. "I still don't know if I can do it. But I want to try." His eyes search mine for a moment, and then some indescribable mix of emotions flits across his face that sends a flash of heat through me straight to my core. I don't even have a chance to react before his lips come crashing down on mine. He wraps his arms around me, both of his hands knotting in my hair at the back of my head. This is the Peeta I love best. The Peeta who lets his power, usually held so carefully in check, spill over. My body responds ferociously to his assault; I feel his teeth on my lower lip and gasp, my fingers digging into the firm muscles of his back as he grinds down hard against me, making me cry out. He pulls back suddenly, ignoring my whimper of protest, only to slide down between my thighs. My insides clench involuntarily at the blistering look he casts up my body before laving me with his tongue in one long stroke. His hands dig into the inside of each of my thighs, spreading me wide as he probes me with his mouth. His lips fasten on that sensitive bud and I moan loudly, bucking my hips against his face. He circles and circles me with his tongue, sucking and swirling, until with one hard flick I am flying, tingling spreading from deep in my belly out to my toes as I come with a shout. He slides his body over mine and into me as the tremors are still racking my body. I nearly scream his name as he slams into me. "My Katniss," he growls in answer, his voice contorted. He slides his hand up my body to roll my nipple between his fingers again. He swallows my gasps hungrily as I raise my hips to meet him. We move together jerkily, with abandon, driven by Peeta's furious passion, both of us crying out as our bodies alight with sensation. Suddenly I arch my back again as he gives my nipple a tug, tremors spreading from my swollen nub and where we are joined. He cries out as he comes too, clenching a handful of my hair in his hand. We watch each other, panting. My fear snaps back into place like a rubber band, but I can see the joy radiating out of him as he plants a trembling kiss on my brow. He asks again, "Are you sure?" and this time, I answer "Yes." I stop taking the pills from the Capitol, the ones that keep my womb empty. And when Peeta wakes me in the morning to make love, I am thrilled and excited and terrified. On that fateful day, I wake again before Peeta when nausea grips me. I race to the bathroom and bend over the toilet, heaving up what little is in my stomach from dinner last night. It is has been fifteen years since we returned to District 12. "Katniss?" Peeta is stirring. "Katniss, are you alright?" I hear him stumble sleepily out of bed, making too much noise as he always does. He finds me in the bathroom, staring at the mirror. When he sees my face, he rushes to my side. "Katniss, what's wrong?" he asks, his eyes wide with alarm. I know why he is worried because in my reflection in the mirror, I can see what he sees: my face, drawn and pale, tears on my cheeks, my eyes wide and staring. But when he takes my face in his hands and his eyes meet mine, I manage a shaky smile. "I'm fine. I have something to show you." I take his hand and slide it across the swell of my abdomen, watching his face. For a moment he doesn't understand, and then his eyes grow wide with wonder. The blue of his eyes blurs with his tears, and a single shining drop rolls down his cheek. Slowly he sinks to his knees in front of me, one hand on each of my hips. His eyes close and he presses a reverent kiss to my stomach. A first kiss from a father to his daughter.