will be hard enough to leave without Posy's tears, Vick's reasoning why I shouldn't go, or Rory trying to convince me to let him come with me. This is for me to do, and I don't want them worrying, or for Rory to be angry that I wouldn't let him go. Someone needs to look after them if I don't come back. She shakes her head. "How was the shoot?" "Awful. Katniss had a breakdown," I answer. I slump down across from her at the table, picking at the skin around my fingernails. Her hand on mine stills my fidgeting. I look up at her. She wears the smile I love so well, that smile that is both tough and warm at the same time. "She'll be okay," she says shortly. I shake my head. "I don't know if she will this time. You didn't see what they did to Peeta. We… Mom, they're going to go rescue him." Her grey Seam eyes study my face carefully. "Are you going with them?" she asks mildly. "Yes" I say. "But…" I stop myself, not wanting to continue. I'm ashamed of my doubts and of the selfish thoughts running through my head. My mother returns to her sewing. "But why should you go and risk your life to rescue the man that the woman you love, loves?" Despite myself, a short bark of laughter escapes my lips. I've never told anyone besides Katniss how I feel about her, but of course my mother knows. "Yeah, I guess." "Well, son," she says, working the cloth swiftly, "I could tell you that it's not your job to go rescue him. That you have a family here to look after, and that he's not your responsibility." She ties a swift, practiced knot in the thread and nips the end off with her teeth. "But you and I both know you're going to go anyway, and we both know why." "Because I'm hopelessly in love with Katniss and I'll do whatever the hell I think would make her love me back?" My mouth twists in a humorless parody of a smile. "Language, Gale," she chides me automatically. "And no. You're going to go because you're a good man, just like your father was, and you can't stand by and let Peeta be tortured when there's something you can do to stop it." I laugh now, and this time it's at least a little genuine. "Wow, Mom, you make me sound an awful lot better than I am." She stands, shaking the garment out and goes to fold it into one of the little drawers. She comes up behind me, resting one hand on each of my shoulders, and bends to press a kiss to the top of my head. "I never lie," she says shortly, "and this is no exception. I know what you'll do, and I'll be afraid for you every second that you're away, but I'm proud of you, too." Tears spring unbidden to my eyes and I catch her hand in mine, bringing it to my lips. "Tell the kids I said goodbye, okay?" I can feel her smile against my hair. "I'll tell them you said 'See you soon.'" I change into my uniform and then leave the compartment before the kids get back. There's one more stop I need to make, before I go. Just in case. When I get there, Haymitch is already at Katniss' bedside. "Soldier Gale Hawthorne," he greets me flatly. I ignore him, sitting carefully on the bed beside her right hip. She is still unconscious, sleeping off the powerful sedative they gave her. Her hair is still in its braid but tangled and mussed, and even in sleep, there is that little crease, right between her eye brows, that tells me she's worried. Even knocked out she still can't relax, still can't let it all go. This is the depth of the effect that Snow has had on her. I hate him with a passion that terrifies me. For what he's done to my Catnip, for what he's done to Peeta, for what he's doing to us all. So much blood on that man's hands. Looking down at Katniss, I memorize everything about her. The girl who used to be my Catnip - no, not mine, never mine, I remind myself- with that smooth olive skin, so like my own that we could be siblings, that dark, straight hair woven into its customary braid. I wonder what it would look like if she left it loose about her shoulders, still wavy from the plaits. I wonder if she will wear it down when she marries Peeta one day, if we're able to get him home. "Why are you doing this?" Haymitch says, interrupting my reverie. His voice holds none of the scorn that I expect; if anything, he sounds curious. "Are you hoping that you'll die over there and you won't have to watch her love him anymore? Or maybe you think your good deed will make her love you back?" "No," I answer, my mother's words running through my head, surprised to find that they're true. "I'm going because what Snow is doing to Peeta is wrong, and if I get a chance to get him out of there and bloody Snow's nose at the same time… well then all the better." Haymitch grunts. "You're a better man than I am, kid. What'd this girl do to deserve all you decent men chasing after her?" I raise my eyebrows at him. "I think you know. I think you know exactly why we love her." And as I turn back to Katniss, I think I hear him mutter "I wish I didn't." I reach towards her, caressing the ridge of her cheekbone with my thumb. This may be the last time I'll touch her. "Bye Catnip," I whisper, "I'm going to bring him back for you. Let's hope the odds are in our favor this time."