a beat at her touch. He had the most ridiculous urge to blush. "I don't disagree," he admitted. "Unfortunately, it's-" His eyes rested on the clock next to his bed, and he cursed. "Shit, I leave in a half hour. I have to go get-" She cut him off with a kiss, lips moving against his tentatively at first, but more forcefully as she gained confidence. Her hands tangled in his hair, and Finnick dismissed the knowledge that he'd have to leave soon, kissing her back with fervor, hands slipping under her shirt and resting on her lower back, something pathetically like a whimper falling from his lips as she squirmed for a better angle, nearly climbing on top of him in effort to get closer. Almost unthinkingly, he moved his hands to her sides, grabbing her by the waist and pretending he'd never have to let go. God, it felt like she'd set every nerve of his body on fire, but he didn't care—would gladly burn if he could keep feeling like this. He wanted nothing more than to kiss Annie Cresta forever. But getting what he wanted was something Finnick couldn't afford. He moaned piteously as he tore his lips from hers, separating himself from the girl he'd come to care for so strongly in such a short amount of time. "I have to go," he repeated breathlessly, raking a hand through his hair, fidgeting slightly. He was flustered. Had no idea what to say. Hell, what could possibly be said? He was leaving, probably never coming back. They might not see each other again, but he loved her, and dammit he wished there were words to make everything okay. "I know," she whispered. Her face was flushed, her hair mussed and lips swollen. She was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. "This…" "I know," she repeated. He laughed humorously, because his only other choice would've been to cry. "Would it be better or worse if I told you I love you?" Annie's eyes widened slightly, but she did smile. Smiled broadly, showing off perfect white teeth, making her eyes sparkle in a way that had his heart swelling almost painfully. "I don't know. Would it be better or worse if I told you that I love you too?" He brushed a loose strand of hair from her face and tried not to sob. "Better, I think. It makes me happy. Even if I don't deserve it." "You're not so bad a man as you think," said Annie. She pressed a soft, gentle kiss to his lips. "And it makes me happy too. I'm sad also, but… more glad, I think. Because I'll have these memories now. It'd be worse if I didn't." "I'm glad," he managed. They kissed one more time, and then he had to leave, to go back to the Capitol where there weren't beaches or caves by the sea, or girls like Annie Cresta who saw him as something more than he ever could've imagined he could be. … Author's Note: Okay, I'm not exactly sure where this came from. I was browsing for Hunger Games stories to read, and there are about a million AU fics about Katniss and Peeta, and even some about Finnick and Katniss, but it seems like Finnick and Annie have few good stories that aren't a hundred percent cannon. So I decided to launch a comeback to fanfiction, in which Finnick is a Capitol politician. There isn't much on him and Annie falling in love initially; that's because I intend for this story to have a broader point. Don't worry. There will be angst and fluff among other things, but to me, it never seemed like the power of Finnick and Annie's relationship came from how they fell in love; not like Katniss and Peeta. The amazing thing about them was that they stayed in love, that despite Annie's madness and Finnick's circumstances, they still retained an almost shockingly pure, beautiful affection for one another. That's what I'm trying to capture here. That's the important stuff. If you're not into Author's Notes, halt there, take in my pleas to please review (this is a different concept, and I haven't written for a while anyway, so I'm nervous to see how this goes), and skip the rest. For anyone interested in exactly what Finnick's job is, and how it works: I'm basing Panem's politics and economics strongly off the Soviet Union. Snow fills the leadership role, and Finnick works for a committee similar to what I assume Gosplan was like. Gosplan, or the Soviet Union's state planning committee, was the top level of the USSR's economic system. I don't know specifics. I'm not an expert on economics, but from what I gather, it was powerful, and in charge of smaller, more specialized groups, which in this story are the committees in charge of individual districts. I won't go into detail about that sort of thing, and what little I do know was gleaned from my brother's college economics book, but it is somewhat important. Basically, I wanted Finnick in a position of political power in the Capitol, and while Finnick's primary influence comes from much less savory means than a job in economics, this still seemed the best bet. Anyway, I'm done babbling now. I'll try to get the first real chapter posted quickly, but things will slow down after that; I only have three chapters written, plus I'm starting college in a couple weeks, and while the schedule for my first year is pretty easy, I'm still wary about how much time I'll have. Plus, I don't know how this will go over either way; if people think it's a stupid idea, I'm not sure I'll continue. Hence, my plea for feedback. Wishing on Fireflies p.s. If you're still here-Google the poem on top and read it in full. It captures planned themes for this story perfectly , and it's beautiful besides. Promise you won't regret it.