74th Games." "So, you went in two years in a row?" Eric asks. Now, he looks disgusted. His dad and I nod. Then, he frowns. "Wait… how did that work? Only one victor is allowed each year. How could you both win in the same Games?" "And now," Annie says quietly. "We come to the part of the story that is your parents' to tell. Katniss, Peeta?" We nod and I begin. "Originally, I was not reaped. My sister - your Aunt Prim - was reaped. I volunteered for her; that's when people first started to notice me. They were impressed that I sacrificed myself for my sister. Then, your father was reaped. Your grandfather -" I gesture to Haymitch. "-was our mentor." I wisely decided to skip the Games' lead-up, and also the star-crossed lovers' plot. It was bad enough I was traumatizing my kids for life; I did not want them to also know that their entire existence was initially based on a lie. "Once in the arena, your father and I got separated after the Bloodbath. He joined the Careers…" "Wait, who are they?" asks Eric. "The tributes from Districts 1 and 2," Haymitch offers up. "They were illegally trained in the Games from when they were first age-eligible, and then sent in at age 18. They thus had an unfair advantage in experience and almost always won the Games." "Anyway," Peeta continues for me. "I joined these tributes and pretended to be leading them to your mother. She had gotten the highest score in training because of her hunting skills, so the Careers saw her as their biggest threat." Clementine smiled. "I bet you fooled them!" she said with relish. Peeta chuckled nervously. "Well… I kinda did. We eventually trapped Mommy in a tree…" "You cornered Mom in a tree?" Eric laughs, thinking this is the funniest thing ever. Peeta gives him a pointed look and he falls silent. "….but then she managed to drop a nest of tracker-jackers on us. The Careers' leader - Cato - he saw me help your mom out of the tree in the confusion and attacked me, wounding me. I lost her again and had to hide to survive. Eventually, Mommy found me again and we hid in a cave, where she nursed me back to health. She went so far as to risk her life at a Feast to get medicine I desperately needed. We made it the Final Eight, then the last six, then the last three with…" "Cato," snarls Clementine. "Bingo. Your mom and I killed Cato, but the Gamemakers told us only one of us could be crowned victor. They had tricked us into thinking that if district partners were the last two alive, we could both win. But we…" and here Peeta gets a glint in his eyes "…. we tricked the Gamemakers right back, and threatened to eat a bunch of poisonous berries we had found. They let us live and we came back to Twelve with Grandpa Haymitch!" Eric and Clementine smile until they remember. "So… what about the Quell?" my son asks. I sigh. "When our names were pulled for the Quell at the Reaping, it was your grandfather who won the contest. But….your father didn't want us to be apart, so…. Daddy volunteered for Grandpa so that he could be with me." Peeta and I smile at each other and we kiss chastely. Clementine's eyes are shining. "I think that is the sweetest thing I've ever heard!" "How did you all escape this time?" Eric prods eagerly. Peeta gestures around the room. "Except for Grandpa Haymitch and Aunt Annie - and cousin Finn, of course - we were all in the Third Quarter Quell. We broke out of the arena when Mommy destroyed the forcefield surrounding it. Then, the war began. Some of us were taken to District Thirteen; some to the Capitol to be tortured. Your mom and I were separated again." "NO!" Clementine shrieks in horror. "Yes," I say gently. "Daddy, Auntie Johanna, Aunt Enobraia and Aunt Annie were all tortured for information." "Is that why Daddy got mad the other night at dinner?" Clementine asks. All the other victors look at each other; they know exactly what she is talking about. Peeta's eyes fill with tears and he pulls her into his lap, hugging her. "That's why, honey. That's why," he gets out through a tight throat. "But, then, Mommy rescued you, Daddy! And then you beat the Capitol and won the war!" Eric says excitedly. Peeta laughs. "That's right, kiddo. We did." Annie sighs. "Well, that covers just about everything. Any questions?" Eric turns back to the others. "Hey, Uncle Beetee?" "Yes, my boy?" the bespectacled victor asks. "Which numbered Hunger Games did you all win?" The Victors of Panem look at each other. Then, they give their numbered Games , one by one. "70th," says Annie. "43rd", says Beetee. "71st," says Johanna. "62nd," says Enobaria. Peeta and I look at each other tenderly. "74th," we echo in unison. Haymitch is silent. "Grandpa?" Eric prods. Finally, Haymitch looks my son in the eye. "50th." Clementine understands immediately, but Eric has to work it out. "But that means…." His face lights up. "Grandpa! You won a Quarter Quell? You're a total badass!" Everyone laughs; Peeta half-heatedly scolds Eric for language though even he is smiling. Haymitch grins. "That was the one that had twice as many tributes!" Clementine gasps. "Oh, Grandpa Haymitch…" She sounds close to tears. She scrambles out her daddy's lap and Haymitch pulls her into his for a hug. "Don't worry about it, girl. Nothing can touch your old Grandpa Haymitch ever again. Or your parents. Or the rest of our family." We all look at each other and nod, silently agreeing that this is what we now are, and what we will be. The Victors of Panem, united as one, ready to let go of the past and embrace the future… as a family.