he's on his back, "Sit up." "I think I landed on a rock." He groans sitting himself up. Without a second to waste she gets on her knees and pushes him into her. Which she immediately recognizes as a terrible mistake. Gasping in pain before she bites her lower lip, she regrets everything at this point. They both want this to be over but neither of them will say it out loud. Peeta puts his hands back on her hips and kisses her, trying to distract himself from how awkward this whole situation is. He's trying to focus on Katniss, this is Katniss, he is having sex with Katniss Everdeen. The girl he's been in love with for the majority of his life. He feels his penis chug and release a little bit. "I think I came." He says hoping that they can stop now. "No, you're still hard." She says with bated breath, as much as she wishes that they were done. He comments after a period of silence. "… You're so wet." "Stop talking." She says before kissing him harder than she has before. He uses his hands to massage the skin they come in contact with. Her tongue in his mouth, her fingers running through his hair, for a moment they can both forget how terribly awkward this whole situation is. They can try to imagine that this is a beautiful passionate moment between them. This is good, this is not horrifyingly humiliating. Only the sound of rain and the sound of flesh slapping flesh remind them that yes, this is painfully awkward, and yes this is a terrible experience. Peeta feels like he's near ejaculation, but he's not sure he can get there. "Katniss." He breathes out, "I need more… Can you moan or something?" She sucks in a breath, continuing to rock her hips rhythmically. She lets out a slightly pained, slightly frustrated moan. "Okay, never mind." He groans, he tries to think about breasts, before he realizes that he has breasts right in front of him. He absorbs himself in her breasts, touching and kissing them until he finally feels like the end is near. When Peeta cums it's relieving for all three of them, Peeta, Katniss, and Peeta's dick. Katniss climbs off of him, sticky with sweat and semen. She thinks about how it's gooier than she thought it would be. Not that she's thought about semen much before this exact moment. They lay next to each other, naked and already trying to block the experience out of their minds. The storm is still raging outside louder than ever, and Katniss can't help but feel grateful. "So… Um… That wasn't the best was it?" He asks wildly uncomfortable. "No… I'm glad you agree." She says licking her lips, the foul aftertaste of dick left on her lips makes her shudder. "I'm gonna… Get dressed now." "Go-good idea. Me too." They clean up and get dressed before realizing that they have gotten semen and blood pooled next to their bed site. They look at each other bashfully. "You didn't tell me it hurt." He says. "I… I don't know, I just kind of wanted it over with." "This is not how sex is supposed to be." He states as they settle under their sleeping bag. "I like to think so." She says, "Tell you what, if it's still raining tomorrow… We can try again." "Do you think that's a good idea?" He asks cautiously. "Yes… I think we did a lot of learning tonight." She says snuggling into his side. "Like don't flip each other when we're surrounded by rock." He sighs. "And don't use teeth on the jewels." She says, but something catches her eye as she does. Standing up quickly she rushes to the mouth of the cave where water is still gushing past. She reaches out and grabs the silver parachute, before hurrying back to Peeta who is halfway out of the sleeping bag himself. "What is it?" He asks as she pulls out a string of pills, four to be exact. Four Capitol pills, in an instant they both realize what they are. "I didn't even think about potentially getting you pregnant!" He says frantically. "Neither did I." She sighs, "Good thing Haymitch did." She quickly takes the first pill and feels no different when it's down. I have three more left, she thinks to herself, which must mean we've got just a little more time. Haymitch and Finnick sit in absolute shock in District Twelve's mentoring room, watching in horror as the two teenagers defile each other. There is no other word for what that was, save disturbing and just plain wrong, it was downright uncomfortable for all parties involved. Including and especially those watching at home. "I need to teach them a thing or two." Finnick says as the couple settles in for the night. "Or eight hundred." Haymitch grumbles. "At least she's trying to act now." "Oh there was no acting there, that was a pure honest look at virgin sex." Finnick shudders trying not to think about it. "Well they're selling it now, at least it's four a.m. and practically no one actually saw that travesty." "But in the morning, everyone will know." "Exactly, everyone'll be wanting more of that. And they'll give it to them. Didn't you hear?" "I hope they know what they're doing." Finnick sighs. "They don't have a damned clue, but I can roll with that." Haymitch sighs. "Watch my kids for me, wake me when something happens." "I have a brunch appointment." Finnick informs him, but looking over at the old drunk he's already passed out in the chair. Chuckling to himself, Finnick looks back at the screen, he can't remember the last time Haymitch not only worked to keep his tributes alive, but actually cared about them. It was a refreshing sight, but it also made him worry. What if they couldn't save these kids, after everything they've been through?