her to the bedroom. She is busy as I walk, kissing my neck, my jaw, running her hands through my hair. It's a miracle we make it to my room. I lay her down on the bed and she grabs handfuls of my shirt in both hands and pulls me down on top of her. I bring my mouth to hers, and her tongue slips into my mouth, her hands knotting in my hair. I am touching her all over, my hands exploring her body. I skim the curve of her breast, her waist, down to her hip... She arches her body up against me and pushes me over onto my back, then sits up and swings one of her long legs over my hips. She drags her t-shirt over her head and drops it on the floor and underneath… there is nothing. I am breathless; she is beautiful. More beautiful than I could ever have imagined, and I've imagined her naked more times than I can count. My hands slide slowly up her thighs, grazing her small hips and up to her waist. All the while her eyes are on mine, blazing down at me. I slide my hands up to cup her breasts and she moans, pushing herself into my hands. I move my thumbs over her nipples, feeling them tighten and start to circle them slowly, slowly. She is shuddering, leaning her head back, eyes closed, her back arched. I push myself up into a sitting position, wrapping one arm around her tiny waist and taking one of her nipples into my mouth. "Peeta," she moans and my name on her lips, in that voice, almost makes me come right then. Her hands are in my hair and she starts to rock back and forth against the bulge in my shorts, trying to find her release. I lift my head and flip her bodily so she is lying back against the bed. "Let me help with that," I whisper hoarsely, and returning my mouth to her breast, I slide my hand down into her pajama pants. Jesus. "You're so wet," I whisper, and slide two fingers inside her. She gasps and bucks against my hand as I slowly stroke her. She is alternately whimpering and moaning when I move my thumb over that sensitive bundle of nerves. I can feel her starting to tense as I circle my thumb faster and faster, working her nipple with my mouth, teasing her inside- Suddenly her hands in my hair tighten involuntarily and she throws her head back, crying out my name. I touch her all the way through her orgasm until she relaxes, trembling. She drags me up to her face by my hair, and I can feel the pressure on my scalp all the way down to my erection. She kisses me hard on the mouth. "Better?" I ask with a grin. "Much," she answers shortly. "Now get naked." She doesn't have to tell me twice. When my shirt and shorts and her pants have joined her shirt on the floor, we drink each other in. She is- oh my God, she is breathtaking and I can't take my eyes off of her. How many times have I dreamed of this moment, wished for it? I want to taste every part of her body, but it will have to wait, because she is pulling me down on top of her again. "Wait," I say breathlessly, pulling a condom out of the bedside table and rolling it on. I've barely finished and she's got her hand on me, and she swallows my gasp of pleasure with a kiss. With firm hands she directs me, one guiding my cock and the other pulling my hips towards her. She lifts her hips to meet my thrust and I am inside her and holy fuck , it feels good. I choke out her name raggedly and she holds me tight; I can feel her nails leaving trails of fire over my back. Her hips are rising to meet my thrusts, and she is kissing me everywhere she can reach, my neck, my jaw, my ear, my mouth. I clench my left hand in her hair, my fingers fisting at the back of her head. "Yes, Peeta, harder!" She whispers urgently in my ear, and I comply with a moan, sliding my right hand under her hips to lift them higher. Something slides into place with this new angle and then suddenly she is arching her back off the bed again, and her body clenches around me. She is almost sobbing as she comes again, hard , and the sounds she is making combined with the pressure below bring me surging to my own climax, crying out her name. I lower my forehead to rest against hers, both of us panting hard with the force of our pleasure. She is smiling and stretches languidly beneath me. I kiss her forehead, her eyelids, the tip of her nose and finally, her lips. "So, did you forget your name?" I whisper shakily. She nods with a breathy giggle, so unlike her. "But I certainly didn't forget yours. I'll remember your name forever." I laugh and roll off her, gathering her into my chest. "Peeta Mellark, two orgasms, no waiting." She laughs and I can almost feel her roll her eyes as she wiggles in closer to me. I plant another kiss on her ear, breathing in the smell of her hair. She smells of my shampoo, and sweat and Katniss. She rests her head on my arm and twines her fingers through mine, kissing the back of my hand. Yeah, we've got some shit to work through, but at least we can do that together. I'll follow her through fire if only I get to call her mine. I wait until she drifts off to sleep and whisper it, because I just need to tell her, even if she doesn't hear. "Katniss… I love you."