what was it like when, after all you've been through, you found out about the Quell?" Ah, that question. I felt very loved and not betrayed at all, Caesar, thank you very much. "I was in shock," I reply. I saw Cato and Sienna and Katniss covered in blood and mutts and my head hurt and my stomach hurled and then I was running desperately to Haymitch's house, barefoot and slipping in the cold rain. "I mean, one minute I'm seeing Katniss looking so beautiful in all these wedding gowns, and the next…" I'm seeing her dead. I shudder. "You realised there was never going to be a wedding?" Caesar asks helpfully. This is it. I look up at the crowd, and they're hanging on to my every word. This is my chance to sway them in our favour. I decide to go with my gut, and words I hadn't anticipated begin to fall from my lips as though they have a life of their own. I look at Caesar in the eye. "Caesar, do you think all our friends here can keep a secret?" I ask conspiratorially. Weak laughter emanates from the audience. Black humour. Black humour. "I feel quite certain of it," replies Caesar, playing along. I pray that Katniss will know enough to react appropriately to what I'm going to say, because it's going to come as a revelation to her as much as to anyone else. "We're already married," I declare quietly. A collective gasp from the crowd, and I chance a look at the screen from the corner of my eye. Katniss has buried her head in her skirt to hide her confusion, but to everyone else it will seem as though she's overwhelmed by emotion. Perfect. She's going to break another vase later, probably over my head this time, but I can't worry about that now. The words keep spilling out, and I'm soon telling Caesar about our secret, unofficial wedding and the toasting ritual. "So this was before the Quell?" he asks. "Of course before the Quell!" I exclaim. "I'm sure we'd never have done it after we knew. But who could've seen it coming?" I'm starting to be really distressed now, and I don't even have to act. We were supposed to go through hell, we were supposed to pretend to be lovers and be married against our will, and we were supposed to be mentors and help other little children not get massacred in the Cornucopia, and all of that would have been bad enough, but this? Still surreal. Distantly, I hear applause, and then I realise that Caesar has his arm around my shoulders. He's saying something. "I'm glad you two had at least a few months of happiness together." Happiness. If people being whipped and jumping over electric fences and broken ankles and raw emotions and finding out the girl you love has chosen someone else over you and fear and training to die and to kill mean happiness, then we have been happy indeed. Well, at least there were plant drawings and cheese buns to make up for it. But I can't tell Caesar any of this. "I'm not glad," I state bitterly. "I wish we had waited until the whole thing was done officially." Which would have been never. "Surely even a brief time is better than no time?" Caesar is saying. Here it comes. "Maybe I'd think that too, Caesar," I say clearly, deliberately, "if it weren't for the baby." The baby we'll never have. Because we may not live until the end of the week. Because Snow has taken everything from us, everything. Past, present, future. It's done. There's no going back now. The hall erupts, and everything is chaos. People are screaming, weeping, sending pained glances my way. Caesar is shocked, and he makes no effort to quieten them. I don't think he could if he tried, but he doesn't seem to want to try. For once, his smile looks like it's painted on a face where it shouldn't be. And Katniss and I are on every screen, and she looks devastated. I walk back to my seat as the buzzer sounds, the din echoing in my head. I feel awful. I feel like I've betrayed us, and my love for Katniss, and even if we'd never have been together or had children, I still feel like I've betrayed them…and I'm not even making any sense anymore, and for some reason I can feel tears running down my face. I sense Katniss turn towards me as she rises to the anthem, and her face contorts with pain as she sees me cry. I reach out for her impulsively and she doesn't hesitate to press her hand warmly into mine, her eyes still sadly searching my face. Then she bows her head and heaves a great shuddering sigh, and before I can fully register what's happening, she has extended her other hand to Chaff, and he clutches Seeder, and then all twenty-four victors are linked together in a chain of defiance. I can almost feel the defiance like electricity. The pieces in the game are pieces no more. The screens go blank, and then the lights go out. But it's too late to make people forget what they've seen. And there's no mistaking what this will mean for us. There will be consequences. But what could be worse than what we're already facing? Katniss and I are still linked by the hand and I guide us into an elevator. A Peacekeeper prevents anyone else from entering it as the doors close and we begin to rise. Urgently, I turn to Katniss and grip her shoulders. "Is there anything I have to apologise for?" I ask. She looks me right in the eyes and holds my gaze for a long moment, but as the doors are about to open on the twelfth floor, she shakes her head and replies, "Nothing." The vases, at least, are safe.