the restroom is in reach and the generator is nearby in case you need to restart it," said Black. "Your guards outside will watch to see if anyone gets close, but you can out run them if you get outside to the gun near the door." "How would I get out?" asked Snow. Black pulled an object off a shelf. "Here's your key," said Black. He threw the hacksaw down. Epilogue part 2: Rue held Aiden's hand. The four year old waited for his grandmother to arrive. Ms. Everdeen returned from the Region 2 capital, the former District 13. She went with Prim so she could get training in her new career. In the five years since the four women had taken over Panem things have improved. An advertisement came on. Cato stared out from the screen. The letters HG were behind him. "Why did I join them Home Guard? Snow is still out there waiting for his chance to return to power and Pestilence's men still show up every once in a while. We still need protection. The Home Guard for my region, for Panem and for my family," he said in the advertisement. Everyone between 16 and 18 had to spend two years in the Home Guard, Panem's new security force. Gale had joined in and stayed in for a while before moving away. The district one and two careers stayed in for life. Rue had been rejected due to her small size and the fact she was a tribute. Ms. Everdeen looked over at Aiden and then at Rue, "How was he?" "He was good," replied Rue. "Have you seen his mother?" asked Ms. Everdeen. "She came into town with Peeta once," said Rue. Rachel Black bent down and looked at Aiden, "You've grown. Can I get a picture of you?" The little boy nodded his head. They two women didn't talk what how Aiden was conceived or which of the Sins could be his father. "Are you ready to go?" asked Rachel to Rue. "Yes, I'll be back in a few days," said Rue. Rachel Black was going to take her to meet the other tributes that escaped from the Capital. "I have to call someone call, then I'll join you," said Rachel. Rue didn't know why she was joining them she wasn't a Tribute. "Now that I think about it that's a disturbing question," said Marvel. He sat at the campsite with the six other Tributes who decided to come. "Who would have killed me? Honestly I'm afraid to find out. I know they've observed the Games in other realities, but I don't really want to know." "Why is Ms. Valdez letting Haymitch run against her?" asked Cato to Rue. "She told me that no politician should run unopposed," said Rue. They talked for almost an hour before Rachel showed up. "Who's that woman that spends time with Katniss and Peeta?" asked Glimmer. "Snow's granddaughter," said Rachel. "Why doesn't she talk?" asked Marvel. "We didn't show you that, but the Sins punished her worse because of her grandfather," said Rachel. "He never should have told her," said Thresh. "What?" asked Cato. "Peeta should not have told her what we saw when we went out," said Thresh. "Which was what?" asked Cato. "Jessica let those people reach the supplies and then sent hundreds of those things after them. We tried to help them, but they were torn apart," said Thresh. "We were in the middle of them and she just let us watch." "What I don't get is how this is going," said Cato. "Every district produces some of their food if they didn't before if they only made food they produce other things they imported." "The Valdez development plan," said Rue. "Which is one reason why they'll be no national elections," said Andrea. Famine walked into the campsite. "No one wants to run against her." "Is that story she told true?" asked Glimmer. "Yes, for the most part. She was kidnapped by a sorcerer forced to have his child, forced to raise his daughter as an assassin any only recently told her everything and escaped," said Andrea. "It's mostly true, but told her daughter me everything and she talked her daughter into helping free her and Maria took over the sorcerer's position, before we had to leave." "Katniss said something to me the other day that I thought was weird," said Rue. Everyone looked at her. "She said he could have been mine." "I'm not surprised that she would have told her. She's that kind of woman," said Andrea. "What did she mean?" asked Rue. "First you have to remember that Jessica is a psychotic bitch on a power trip," said Jessica. "The second thing is that a sacrifice had to be made in order for there to be peace." "What was that?" asked Rue. "One of us had to play the villain to unite the districts to make sure you all followed our rules," said Andrea. "Jessica volunteered. But we needed to make the rest of Panem would be opposed of her so they made a decision that one Tribute would be picked out for a visit with the Sins. Commander Black decided that the Tribute should be young and completely unprepared." Rue tensed up. "He suggested the youngest and smallest of the Tributes to garner the most hatred," said Andrea. "That's evil," said Marvel. "Compared to what you were going to do," said Andrea. They heard twigs snap and turned. Clove stepped out from behind a tree. They saw her blue eyes. "She turned you into one of them," said Glimmer. "Yes. Want to see something?" asked Clove. She lead them to a bunker in the side of a mountain. After opening the door Clove led them to a mummified body sitting at a desk. A small video player sat in front of him. "Commander Black was nice enough to leave him some entertainment," said Clove. "Katniss wasn't the only one Famine recorded."