violently. But I'm floored when something snaps at my ear, some kind of... Anger. It's instant, I feel... Attacked. I can't even explain why, but when I see her screaming at me, it twists something inside and I'm being threatened. "You're not competition! You're nothing." "Can we just be friends?" I turn, startled, and I know she's here, she has to be somewhere around me, I can feel it. "Katniss!" My throat, angered and wounded, still seems to be raising blood to my lips. I ignore it and look around. Lies, I struggle to tell myself , these have to be lies. Katniss isn't a mutt, Katniss isn't using me. "Session fifteen, Katniss Everdeen, mutt." "Session one, Katniss Everdeen," the voice says, "Instructed into District Twelve." "No!" I shout, raising my fists out and moving to the nearest wall, "Shut up!" I kick at it, turn to grab the next one and something moves in front of me, startles me back to the center of the room. "You don't know the lies I've been telling you, Peeta," her voice says to me. "Katniss–" "You'll fall for anything I say. Because you're weak, you're a fool." I throw my body at the door, slam my fist into it, "You can try, you can keep trying. I'm not going to fall for it." "You'll fall for anything I say." The scene in front of me changes. It's Gale, obviously, he's kissing her. And she's obviously kissing back. "Get close to Peeta Mellark, see what you can get out of him." I stop, muscles tensing, and the voice whispers out to me like long, stretching, snake fingers caressing the terror inside of me. "He's such a fool, this will be easy." Doubt, this is possible. I have been in love with her since the beginning. It's possible to lie to someone. Rage, this is outrageous. How could she keep something like this from me? How could she say these things . Concern, Why would she say that? What has she done ? No, no. She's not like that. "She's not like that!" I scream, hands covering my ears, "I can't, I can't hear this. She's not like that." The tears burn down my cheeks, my knee gives out and the fake one pulls me down as I lose the balance and control I've been struggling with. I'm curling into a ball, flush against the floor, and sobbing with my face pressed to the cold, hard ground. "She's not like that, she's not like that. I swear she's not." Gale, staring, and Katniss kissing him, her fingers running down his chest and wrapping around his waist like she's done to me so many times before. I have to shut my eyes to get away, but I can't. There's something keeping them open. When I reach up to feel for what's keeping them wide, there's nothing. But I can't close them at all. The muscles are out of my control. Their locked, eyes wide and staring. "I can't see this!" I scream, loud, howling out in pain, "I can't see! I can't see this!" Her eyes, so full of hate, stare at me, burning deep through me as she kisses him. "Katniss," I murmur, heart lurching in pain, blood pounding as I reach out to stop her, "Stop kissing him." I move to the wall for comfort, move as close to her eyes as I can possibly be, but they glare still, and that doesn't matter anymore. It's still her. And she's not angry at me, she can't be angry at me because I didn't do anything wrong, and the last time I saw her she was... She was happy. She was happy with me. She loves me. She's angry at Snow. This is all lies. Finally, everything is black again, and I don't have to hear the lies anymore. "You are a sick liar," I hiss between my teeth when the blackness fades away and I'm awake again. Awake, aware, and in serious pain. And he smiles down at me. "I wish I was, Peeta," Snow says, laying a simple young, red rose down at my side, "I really wish I was." I sit up, arms shaking in shock, feel the tell tale prickle of a needle in my arm and snatch his hand, the doctor, surprised, puts his free one to my ear. Not so free . Expecting pain of some sort, I'm unusually, unreasonably enraged, and the fury licks harshly at my insides as the red spills over my vision. Snow leaves the room as I get to my feet, the doctor as well, and they lock the large, heavy door behind them. "Peeta." She's there on the wall, again, that... Katniss. Glaring, hating me. I shake my head as the steps of the two men down the hall vanish from range. "What took you so long?" "Where are you?" I ask, turning around, furious, angry and I see her there now. Long black hair in the braid down her back and I move to her. "Peeta," and she's smiling, harshly. I can't decide what to do, how to respond. Cry? Scream? I want to hurt her, want to touch her, want to press my lips against hers. She smiles. That smile. "Peeta, come here." I move, step slowly, as she stretches out her arms in welcome. "Come here, so that I can kill you." Horror fills me, covering my blood in ice, and she starts to move to me. I shove her back, shove her from me. I try to get away from her but her eyes are digging into me every which way I turn. "Leave me alone!" I scream, "Don't touch me." "Peeta," she's... disappointed, I think. She stretches out her arms again. "Don't touch me," the anger, slamming against my head, whirls around again and I point out to her as I back away, "You stay away from me, you bitch." Ending Notes: *Vanish to Option B* ~KaKaVegeGurl