true all she has done is stare since hers and Peeta's encounter. "Dad", Peeta scolds, "you shouldn't be drinking whilst serving the counter". "And you better put that pipping hot tray down, boy, before it burns the hands of our number one baker". Peeta winces, suddenly noticing the burning sensation. He throws it on top of the counter behind him and quickly turns on the tap, running his angry palms under cold water. "Well", the older man says smugly, "is this the star crossed lovers of Abernathy's bakery", putting his beer down and starting to add Peeta's cheese buns to the existing ones. Katniss does not think it is possible for her cheeks to get any redder, and by looking at Peeta's - neither his. "... so", Peeta says from the sink, "are you staying for a bite?" "She came asking for my grandbaby", he eyes Katniss warily, his accent going deep and thick. No. It is possible for her face to heat even more. Peeta smiles directly at Katniss and her heart skips, "Katniss and Rue are friends". At the moment, Rue decides that she has been ignored long enough, and opens up her lungs. Peeta moves from the sink to pick her up. "Keep your hands under that water, boy", Peeta's dad scolds, wiping his hands on his apron and going to pick up the little girl, and then his Sam Adams stationed next to her seat. Peeta's dad smiles at the disgusted face Katniss pulls as he goes for a swig. "It is when I'm not drinking, that you should be worried about me holding her", he says, the bottle popping out of his lips with a pop. "Yep", he smiles down proudly at the little girl, placing the bottle back next to the seat, "my two most precious things in the world side by side". He then goes to pass Rue - who has quietned down now - her baby bottle, but she pushes it away, outstretching for Katniss, whimpering as she does. "Oh, look she here, I've been given a run for my money", Peeta's dad feigns being hurt, while he passes the baby over the tiller to Katniss. Who immediately grabs Katniss' braid, hiding her fat podgy fingers in it. "Katniss, this is my dad, Haymitch Abernathy. Dad this is Katniss", Peeta finally intrdouces the two of them. "Mr Abernathy, and until the knew sign comes, owner of this bakery, which is why I can drink whilst on the job". "Nice to meet you", Katniss says politely, bouncing Rue lightly on the stop. "The pleasure is mine Sweetheart", he says, picking up his beer again, staring at herlike he is trying to suss her out. The beer bottle pops out of his mouth again. "So you're the one I have to my blame for my ears being rung off this last week", he says turning to Peeta, who has now gone an impossible shade of crimson. "Am I right?" Turning back to Katniss, "the girl from the bus?" Katniss and Peeta do not have to answer, their faces say it all. "Yeah Sweetheart, I've got a bone to pick with you. I've had the boy all happy clappy, yabbering none stop about you, and I have had this one", he points to Rue smiling, "crying my ear off", he chuckles. Katniss does not know what to say and Peeta has suddenly found the water running over his hands very interesting, so instead, she concentrates on Rue. "Hi Rue", she says, stopping the little girl from having a taster of her hair again. "I like your green dress", she says rubbing her round stomach, it actually feels as though there might be two. "Green is my favourite colour. I like your orange onsie too, and flower", she says adjusting the bow in her head. Rue grabs it, obviously forgetting it was there, and smiles widely at Katniss, she has no teeth yet. Katniss' hands fall on the little girl's her hair, pulling one of the corkscrew spirals gently, and smiles as it springs back. "She's wearing our favourite colours", Peeta inputs, smiling from the sink, and she guesses he has been watching them for a while. "Orange is mine". Haymitch scoffs, "boy, if you need me, I'll be up in the office throwing up from all this cheese, and I'm not talking about the buns", heading through the back door, the atmosphere becoming even more awkward when he does. "... So", Peeta says, scratching his head through his beenie, "sorry about my dad", the rouge returning to his neutral cheeks. "No, he's ... fine", she smiles politely. "Yeah, his heart is in the right place". "So did you help with the design of the shop?" she asks, understanding the orange, white and dark mahogany colour scheme. "Yeah", he says shyly. She looks admires the building againm spinning slowly on the spot. "I like the paintings you've chosen to put up too. They're all of around the city, they're ... they're breathtaking", she comments, turning back to him, his face is red and he smiles politely back at her, before turning back to the sink. Katniss pulls a confused face, wondering what she has said wrong. Rue gurgles, as if explaining it to her. "What was that?" Katniss asks happily, holding the little girl up, so they are eye to eye. Rue gurgles happily kicking her legs in the air, and Katniss bounces her lightly in the air more. "Do you - ". "Catnip", a voice behind her calls, and she beams. Gale. She whips around to greet him. "Look at you", he beams, " ... and a baby?" he halts his embrace, confused. "Oh", Katniss says, looking down at Rue, embarrassed. "Katniss", Peeta says from behind her and she turns. "It's OK. I can take her", he smiles politely at her, extending his arms over the tiller. Katniss deposits her and then whips around to fling herself into Gale's waiting arms. Strangers on a Bus