Daphne nods. "Yeah." Lydia Lang is my other best friend. We hang out whenever Daphne is with Jeff. During breakfast, there is little talk. Mother and Father talk a lot about the reaping, volunteering, precautions we need to take in the Games. This is Justice Building talk, but I don't mind. The more advice I have, the better. And the same goes for Daphne, if she decides to also volunteer this or next year. She hasn't told me if she is going to or not. Father looks at the clock. "Time to go, girls," he tells us. Then he looks at Trev and says, "Why don't you go with us, pal?" "But, D—" Father shakes his head. "No buts, Trevor." "Dad!" Trev protests loudly. I stick my tongue out at Trev and slip the shoes I kicked off under the table during breakfast and walk out with Daphne. Outside, Lydia is waiting on the porch. When we walk out, she stands up and smiles, beginning to walk in rhythm with us as we pass by. She greets Daphne kindly and asks where Jeff is. "At the square," replies Daphne. "You didn't have to wait outside," I tell Lydia. "It's nice out," she explains. I nod and look up at the perfect blue, cloudless sky. We all walk in silence to the square, where, after we sign in, we go to the seventeens' section and wait for the reaping to begin. Everyone is talking at once and I don't understand how anyone can hear each other, so I don't bother to try to speak to my friends. Daphne attempts to call for Jeff when she sees him, but he doesn't hear and instead goes to stand by his friends. After a deafening minute or so, the mayor finally steps up, recites his speeches, and gets the heck off the stage, after announcing our new escort, Azalea Darkhart, which is a rather ironic name since her clothes are very bright, like Toilia's, our old escort. She smiles and begins the reaping—the one that will change everything. D1- 17- (Daphne Summerfield) "Angelica Aarons," announces Azalea nonchalantly, because someone will volunteer; that's obvious. In fact, everyone volunteers. Well, if twenty people - ten of each gender permitted to volunteer, two of which are Adelina and I - is everyone. No one stops until some girl comes to the front of the crowd and pulls a knife before darting up to the stage and announcing her name. "My name is Gleam Diode," she says, holding her head high like any volunteer should, especially when announcing their name. It shows some sort of family pride to the district, announcing you're proud you're who you are and that who you are is a winner. Everyone now hates and loves this girl. She took someone else's chance, but she's also one of the three the whole district will be rooting for. So, really, they have to love her or they're not patriotic towards their district, their home. It's really rather interesting to think of the system like that. Also, if you root for some District Two bozo, who the hell will ever want you to be the volunteer? You'll be sponsor-free. I have been spacing out, so the next thing I hear is Azalea announcing, "Glitter Sphereson." A prideful girl begins to race up to the stage, head held high, screaming that she volunteers over everyone else. But as she has always been, Adelina is fast. She's agile. She manages to swerve through the crowd as if walking through the streets on an average, no-school-no-training day. And before anyone knows it, my twin sister is up on the stage, smiling a toothy grin of glee and to win over people. She drops her smile to bite her lip—something she totally is copying from me, since I have never seen her bite her lip and it's rather habit for me—and announces arrogantly, "I am Adelina Summerfield." I see her glance at me and can see in her eyes a brief flash of triumph that she stole my lip-biting. It's cute, I can practically hear her saying with a toothy smile and cocky eyes. And it's not yours, sister. But honestly, if roles were reversed, I might've stolen her lip-biting, too, so I don't blame her and instead roll my eyes. If she could let it, I know friendly joy would spread over her face and she'd laugh. Sisters know these things. "Mm. Well, beautiful. Let's move on." Adelina surveys the crowd, guessing who will be chosen, eying the other eighteen people who are allowed to volunteer this year. Sizing up possible competition. Remembering their strategies, scores, ranks, and ages. Mentally charting, ranking, and determining how long they'll last. Or is that me who does that? I am more stategic of the two of us, and she is more "act now, think later." "Daphne... Well, Daphne Summerfield!" I don't know if I am exactly shocked at hearing my name, but I do know that since I am a volunteer, I am allowed to go up there even though I was reaped and didn't volunteer. So, as fast as I can, I part from the crowd and dart up front, up the step up to the microphone. I can see shock fill the crowd's eyes as I announce, smiling "I am Daphne Summerfield." Azalea asks, "I don't suppose you are sisters, Daphne and Adelina?" I smile. Adelina smirks and says, "That, we are." "Well, won't this combination be interesting!" roars Azalea. "My! No boys." I space out and smile at the crowd until I see Adelina strut to the door of the Justice Building. "Well, um, shake hands, you two..." Azalea says slowly. I lock eyes with Gleam as we shake hands. This is it. This is showtime. A/N: And that was chapter one! By the way, for those who care, I will be posting an epilogue for IWNB, this story's prequel, soon. Remember to get in those reserved tributes, guys!