of the ones who actually live there. What do they do? Have preliminary drawings? Pick the winners ahead of time and make sure they were in the crowd? How exactly did Rue end up on that stage with nothing but the wind offering to take her place? I began to weary of the vastness, the endlessness of this place. Effie came in , running us through what was going to happen before whisking us away to get ready. Once we where we stopped at the train station and instead of a limo we were put into the back of a truck which seemed to freak Effie out as she continued to complain. When we finally got to the Justice Building we were escorted in side. But right as we get inside it was time. "Big smiles!" Effie said, and gave us a nudge. Our feet start moving forward. There was loud applause, but none of the other responses we got in the Capitol, the cheers and whoops and whistles. We walked across the shaded verandah until the roof ran out and we were standing at the top of a big flight of marble stairs in the glaring sun. As my eyes adjusted, I saw the buildings on the square have been hung with banners that helped cover up their neglected state. It waspacked with people, but again, just a fraction of the number who lived there. As usual, a special platform had been constructed at the bottom of the stage for the families of the dead tributes. On Thresh's side, there was only an old woman with a hunched back and a tall, muscular girl I was guessing was his sister. On Rue's was her parents, whose faces were still fresh with sorrow, her five younger siblings, who resemble her so closely. The slight build and the luminous brown eyes. They formed a flock of small dark birds. The applause died out and the mayor gave the speech in our honor. Two little girls came up with tremendous bouquets of flowers. I did his part of the scripted reply and then I find my lips moving to conclude it. Fortunately my mother and Prim had drilled me so I could do it in my sleep. I had my personal comments written on a card, but I didn't pull it out. Instead I spoke about Thresh and Rue making it to the final eight, about how they both kept me alive—thereby keeping him alive—and about how it was a debt we could never repay. And then I hesitated before adding something that wasn't written on the card. Maybe because I knew Effie might make me remove it. "It can in no way replace your losses, but as a token of our thanks we'd like for each of the tributes' families from District Eleven to receive one month of our winnings every year for the duration of our lives." I said. The crowd was silent for a while before breaking out into applause. I step back and just as the mayor was coming up to wrap up the ceremony, Peeta stumbled forward. "Wait!" Peeta said. "Wait, please. I want to give my thanks to the tributes of District Eleven. I only ever spoke to Thresh one time. Just long enough for him to spare my life. I didn't know him, but I always respected him. For his power. For his refusal to play the Games on anyone's terms but his own. The Careers wanted him to team up with them from the beginning, but he wouldn't do it. I respected him for that." For the first time the old hunched woman — was she Thresh's grandmother? — raised her head and the trace of a smile played on her lips. The crowd had fallen silent now, so silent that I wondered how they manage it. They must all be holding their breath. Peeta turned to Rue's family. "But I feel as if I did know Rue, and she'll always be with me. Everything beautiful brings her to mind. I see her in the yellow flowers that grow in the Meadow by my house. I see her in the mockingjays that sing in the trees. But most of all, I see her in my sister, Prim." Peeta's voice shook and was barely audible but he finished. "Thank you for your children." I raise my chin to address the crowd. "And thank you all for the bread." There was a long pause. Then, from somewhere in the crowd, someone whistles a four-note mocking-jay tune. The one that Peeta taught me in the Games, the one that meant safety in the arena. By the end of the tune, I had found the whistler, a wizened old man in a faded red shirt and overalls. His eyes were trained on Peeta. What happens next was not an accident. It was too well executed to be spontaneous, because it happens in complete unison. Every person in the crowd presses the three middle fingers of their left hand against their lips and extends them to Peeta. It's our sign from District 12, the last good-bye Peeta gave Rue in the arena. The mayor started to take over. Peeta and I acknowledge a final round of applause. He leads me back toward the doors, seeming anxious and nervous. Peeta looked slightly green and had to stop for a moment. "Are you all right?" I asked. "Just dizzy. The sun was so bright." Peeta said then looked at my bouquet. "I forgot my flowers." "I'll get them." I said said. "I can." I answered. We would be safe inside the Justice Building by now, if I hadn't stopped, if I hadn't left my flowers. Instead, from the deep shade of the verandah, we saw the whole thing. A pair of Peacekeepers as they dragged the old man who whistled to the top of the steps, forced him to his knees before the crowd, and put a bullet through his head.