and shut down on us again. Almost a week passed before Dad finally decided it was time to open the bakery again and time to send me back to school. I had no desire to, and I really didn't see how the fuck he expected to run the place by himself all day as well as take care of Peeta. Phyl turned up to get things going again, but the kitchen was tense and quiet as we worked on preparing things for the next day, and eventually I was left to wrap it up on my own. Phyl had managed to take a few weeks off from his job at the Justice Hall, and he and Dad hammered out a schedule before Phyl went home and Dad retreated upstairs to take care of Peeta before collapsing into bed. I cleaned out the storefront, washing and replacing all the trays and linings and double checking every detail I could think of, trying to be sure Dad had as little to do when he got up as possible. "Rye?" Delly stood in the doorway to the mudroom, wringing her hands nervously. I hadn't even heard the back door open. "Dell," I sighed, suddenly realizing it had been almost a week since I last saw her. I flashed a faint smile and she rushed across the room and threw her arms around my neck. I wrapped my arms around her waist and buried my face in her hair. "Hey." "Dad told me," she said softly, starting to pull back. I tightened my arms around her, and she pressed a kiss to my neck before leaning against me again. "As much as he could, anyway. I'm sorry." "It's okay," I said softly. After a moment I pulled back, quickly brushing my fingers under my eyes so she wouldn't see that I'd started to cry. It didn't work. Dell set her hand on my cheek, turning my face gently toward her. I let out an embarrassed chuckle as she wiped a tear away with her thumb. "He's alive. The doctor said he could've died." "How is he?" she asked. I shrugged and shook my head, trying to figure out exactly what to say. I didn't really know how I was, either. I dropped my arms from around her waist and scratched my hand through my hair. "He sleeps a lot. All the time," I said, glancing toward the stairs. He should have still been with me. Evenings we worked together, taking our time finishing up after Mom went to bed and shaking off the bitterness she left hanging in the air. It was lonely working by myself. "When he's awake he's confused. Can't really talk. He asks for Mom a lot and I fucking hate it. It's like he doesn't know what happened, let alone that she did it. I don't get it." "Can I see him?" Delly asked softly, fiddling with the belt at the waist of her dress. "I really don't think that's a good idea." "Oh. Okay." Her voice was shaky, and I could see tears welling in her eyes when she looked toward the staircase. Delly loved Peeta, too. They were inseparable for years. She wouldn't handle seeing him now very well, and her tears would only upset and confuse him even more. And I couldn't handle any more crying. I'd seen and done more in the past week than I had in my entire life. I wrapped Dell up in my arms before she could start, burrowing my face against her neck and pressing my lips to her skin. I needed an escape, a way to get my mind off of everything that had happened, and Delly was the best way I knew how. I shifted my kisses to along her jaw to her lips, pressing her back against the table as she opened her mouth to me, arching her back as I worked my hands beneath her dress. "Rye," she gasped after a while, pushing my hands away and rearranging her skirt. "I have to get home." "You should stay," I said, nuzzling against her hair and smoothing my hands around her waist as she buttoned the top of her dress. "You know I can't," she said. "But I'd like to." "I'd like you to," I said, pulling her against me again and letting myself imagine how good it would be to spend the night curled up around her. She took my face in her hands and kissed me. "Are you going to be okay?" she asked. "Yeah," I nodded, dropping my hands a bit and working her skirt up her legs. "I'd be more okay if you'd stay and sleep with me." "You're fine ," she laughed, swatting my hands away and stepping out of reach. I chuckled, following her to the back door. "I'll be at school tomorrow," I said. "Bakery's opening again. Trying to get back to normal." "I'm guessing Peeta won't be?" she asked, pausing with her hand on the doorknob. "No," I shook my head, chewing the inside of my lip. "Not sure about that one." Delly pressed a kiss to my cheek and let herself out. I locked the door behind her, moving to the doorway to the storefront to watch her cross the square. Once she was home, I double checked the ovens and went upstairs. Peeta lay facing the wall. I sat on the edge of my bed, watching the rise and fall of his shoulders as he breathed. A stripe of moonlight that leaked in around the edge of the shade fell across the back of his head, highlighting the thick, jagged scab that had started forming over his stitches once Dr. Lawrence took his last bandage off. It occurred to me it wasn't just when Peeta would be back to normal that I didn't know, it was if . I had a sinking feeling that, no matter what, life would never really be normal for any of us again.