find it for another night. We head back inside and Thom announces that he's got to be heading home; he gives everyone a hug or a handshake before coming up to me and wishing me happy birthday again with a hug, then with one last wave he takes off into the night. I take my seat yet again on the floor and down the last of my mint tea, that's now stone cold. The alcohol is kicking in now helping me to relax and feel pleasantly sleepy. I look around and notice that I'm not the only who seems ready for bed, Vick and Rory are still playing their game but now their eyes are heavy and each of them can't help but let out a deep yawn in-between moves. Posy has pretty much given up on trying to braid Katniss's hair and is now sleeping my mother arms and Prim is resting her head against Catnip's shoulder. Mrs Everdeen noticed the lack of energy in the room suggests calling it a night just as my mother has taken Posy and laid her down in her bed. My mother tells Vick and Rory that's its bedtime aswell, they try to protest but give in when they see my mother's stern look. they say goodnight to the Everdeen's and leave for there room. I decide to walk Katniss and her family home and we soon leave my house after they say goodnight to my mother. The night is still as I walk next to Katniss as we follow Prim and her mother, who are a little ahead of us, back down to her house. They both get inside as we reach the bottom of the steps leaning up to the wooden door. She stops and turns around to face me, it to dark to make out her face but I'm sure she is looking at me with her eyebrows raise in a questioning glance. "Catnip" I whisper and put my hand on her shoulder. I feel my hand brush the end of her braid. "Thank you for today. Its been…" I pause unsure of what to say. "Its been the best day of my life" I eventually get out. I still cant be sure of what her expression is but I imagine I see her eyes soften in the pale moonlight. I'm surprised to find she allows me to leave my hand on her shoulder. I'm even more surprised when her arms slowly wrap around my waist and she gives me a little squeeze around the middle. I wrap my arms around her aswell and return the gesture. I feel her breathing deeply, her body's warmth mixing with my own; she turns her head to the side and rests it against my chest. "Your welcome, Gale" she whispers to me, "What was your favorite part?" I'm quite for a long moment, trying to choose something from today that really sticks out in my mind. If I'm honest, the whole day has been better then anything I could have ever hoped for. The hunting, the Katniss roots, the amount of money ive brought in, the drinking with Thom, seeing my family and her family together getting along, the swimming and my fathers Jacket I'm wearing now. Feeling the alcohol give me a little more courage then I normally have I tilt my head down and speak into her hair. "So hard to choose. The hunting, the lake, seeing our family together, the 'Catnip Roots' (I let out a little laugh), the jacket and my mud-cake (I feel her laugh). I can't choose between them but I think my favorite part has been getting to spend the whole day with you." I finish by giving the top of her a small kiss. Were silent for another long moment and I begin to get worried that she's figured out my feeling for her, thinking that she's about to push me away I slowly begin to unwrap my arms from her but she only holds onto me tighter. Completely unsure I replace my arms and we continue to hold each other. "Katniss?" the small voice comes from her door and we look to see Prim looking at both of us. I feel her warm arms unwrap from me and I release her aswell. "I'm now coming, little duck," she says with that warm smile. Prim nods and heads back inside. We look at each other again, both not sure exactly what to say, so I just give her a grin and say "Sweet dreams, Catnip." She returns the smile and says "You too, Gale." Then turns and walks up and through the door, just before she closes it I see her give me a little wave that I return as I walk back to my house. I hear the little thud behind me and turn back to see her door firmly but I think I see her phantom out where she stood seconds before. I slowly walk back to my house, taking my time running over everything that's happened today. After every footstep I see flashes of all the surprises ive had today, opening my fathers jacket, seeing my mud cake, the lake, learning to swim, the generosity of the people of district 12, the little party at my house, the bottle of white liquor from Thom and the long embrace with Katniss. When I finally get back to my house, I hang my father's jacket on a hook by the front door and head into my room. When my head sinks into the thin pillow of my bed, I feel the complete exhaustion from the day come over me and I fall easily into sleep but not before I think to myself, Yes, today has been a day full of surprises. Full of surprises indeed! I loved every second of writing this one. All the stuff at the lake made me smile a lot. You can make me smile again by leaving a review?