reckless person I've ever known," he sighs. Just what I predicted. "Really?" I say, rolling my eyes. "No, really," he answers, "You could have got yourself killed!" "I had to save the book Peeta." I say in my defense. "You know I value your life far above that book!" he says in frustration, "You can't keep risking your life for unimportant things like that, Katniss. One day you won't be so lucky." "That book isn't unimportant," I argue back, "It's the only thing we have to remember some of our friends by." "Yeah, well what will I have to remember you by if something happens?" Peeta looks as if he might cry. I try to avoid his gaze. I now realize how stupid I really was. "Peeta," I say, "look, I'm sorry." Before Peeta can say anything else, a doctor walks in with a clipboard in his hands. "Mrs. Mellark, we just need to do a few basic tests to make sure nothings wrong." he says. "You think she could be hurt?" asks Peeta in concern. "No need to worry, Mr. Mellark," he responds, "It's just basic procedure. But I'm going to have to ask you to step out while we are working." Peeta looks at me in concern. "I'll be fine, Peeta," I reassure him. "Alright," he says, giving my hand a squeeze, "I'll be back in a bit." Peeta gets up, kisses me on the forehead, and then walks out of the room. The doctor tells me to sit up, and does some basic stuff, like taking my blood pressure, and checking my heart rate. After a few other various tests, he leaves the room. I wait there for about ten minutes before he comes back. "Is something wrong?" I ask, as he enters the room. "Well, Mrs. Mellark," he says, "You are very lucky to have come away from that incident unharmed, in your fragile condition." "Fragile condition?" I question. "Mrs. Mellark," he says, "You're pregnant." The news hits me like a train. "Pregnant?" I gasp, "That's impossible. No, your test results must have come out wrong!" "There are no mistakes," says the doctor, "Now, I'll release you from the hospital, but I would advise you get as much rest as possible. And I'd like for you to come back for a checkup next week." I take my coat and exit the hospital. My mind is swirling with questions. How can this be possible? Why did this have to happen during a war? And what am I going to tell Peeta? At that moment, I look up to see Peeta heading my way. Suddenly, confusion and panic set in, and I want to turn and run. Maybe I can find one of the old hiding places I used to use back when I lived here. But it's too late. He's spotted me. "Katniss," Peeta calls. "Hey." I manage a smile. "How'd your tests go?" he asks, walking over to me. "They were fine," I say, brushing it off, "So, did you get any more details about what's going on?" "President Paylor is calling us for a meeting in ten minutes," he says, "That's why I came to find you." Peeta and I head towards the command center and arrive just as Haymitch does. "Nice to see you didn't get yourself killed, Sweetheart," he says with sarcasm. "Well, don't worry yourself about me, Haymitch," I smirk back. Peeta just nods his head and tries to hide a smile. Haymitch takes a hold of my arm, which aches a little. "I've gotten a hold of Johanna Mason-" "How's Effie?" I know it's random, but I must know how she is. She's like an aunt. A very weird, eccentric aunt, but still loving, never the less. "Fantastic," Haymitch mimics. "Seriously." "She's fine. She never even heard about the first bombings." He smiles. "So, what's it like being the mother of a real baby?" Peeta whips his blonde head over to me. I see anger, embarrassment and questioning in his eyes. I kick Haymitch in the shin as hard as I can. He yells out in anger. "Katniss, can I talk to you?" Peeta says. He leads me to a hall, in the shadows. "I was going to tell you, I swear," I say, "I don't even know how Haymitch found out." "Katniss," Peeta says, "How long have you known?" "I just found out!" I yell. There is a long silence, and Peeta looks like I just slapped him on the cheek. Maybe I shouldn't have yelled at him. But I guess I haven't learned my lesson, because I add: "I don't even want this baby." Peeta looks slightly shocked. "Well I do," Peeta says sharply, "Remember Katniss, it's not all about you anyway, okay? It's about US!" "Well even so, I'm not ready yet, Peeta," I say angrily, "I just wish none of this had happened!" I don't know why I'm saying all this, considering there's nothing I can do. I guess it's because I'm mad. Peeta shakes his head. "Stop it Katniss. It's like back in the arena. I don't want to go back." "What are you talking about?" "Play acting! We're both going to act like we want this baby when you don't even want it at all. Now you're going to have to decide. Do you want this baby, or not?" I suddenly realize what this is doing to him. I remember that his whole family is buried under the grounds of 12. His brothers, his dad. His mom. Man, his mom treated him like trash. But she was still his mom. And now, I'm all he has. I guess all he wants is a family again. Maybe he doesn't even know what family is. I mean, at least I had Prim and Gale, but him. No. I realize that I have to keep this baby, if not for me, then for him. And, hey, maybe this will end up being good. Maybe making even me happy.