slept for a few hours judging from the pitch-black sky he could see outside a cracked window. He was still on the couch, his legs dangling from one end, his head resting on the cushion at the other. His body felt stiff from being still for so long. He wanted to move but he was too comfortable and even the thin blanket felt warmer then usual. He felt slightly better, his throat was still sore but the ache in his muscle had dimmed. He looked around and was surprised to find Katniss's head resting in her arms as she leaned against his side. He could just see the side of her face as she slept on. She looked much younger than normal almost like she was that same girl he met in the woods so many years ago. He pulled his hand that was still intertwined with hers back and gently ran his fingertips over her dark hair. It was soft, not braided as it usually was and hung down the other side of her face and back. He moved a few stray strands away from her face and ran his thumb down the side of her head. Running over the circle of her ear and resting on the soft olive skin of her cheek, she moaned and leaned her face into his hand but she didn't wake. He wanted to live in this moment forever. He was so comfortable and content with the world right then with no worries of starvation, reapings or Hunger Games. He wondered yet again, what would happen if he finally came clean and told her how deep his feeling for her ran. It was a stupid thought though, he knew what would happen. She would be surprised then tell him she never wanted a boyfriend or get married because that would lead to kids and they would have to go through reapings just like them. 'But what if we left the district?' Gale thought to himself, 'what if there was someway of escaping this awful place? "What then Catnip?" He whispered aloud. She stirred and her eyes slowly opened. When her eyes found his and she sore he was awake, her head lifted and his hand fell from her cheek. She rubbed the sleep from her eyes and smiled at his own grin. "Hey Gale. How are you feeling?" She asked with a warm smile. "Much better, throats still sore but my head feels alright now," he croaked. She placed her palm on his forehead and he suppressed a deep moan in his chest. "You still feel a little warm. Drink some of this," she said lifting a mug. "Is it more of your moms remedy?" Gale asked with a cheeky grin. She giggled. Gale had never, ever heard her giggle before, in over three years of knowing this girl had she ever giggled in front of him. It's was just a small thing but Gale thought he had never heard anything quite so beautiful in his life before that moment. "No, it's just water" she said once she stopped. He took the mug and drain it in three slow gulps then handed it back to her with a small cough and a word of thanks. They sat in silence for a little while, looking from each other to the fireplace, then at nothing in particular. "Gale?" She said, biting her bottom lip and looking at something just above his eyes. "Yeah" "I'm sorry about earlier. You know ratting you out to your mom. I was... I was just worried about you" she said looking sheepish but to him, she looked nothing short of adorable. "It's ok, Katniss." Gale said sitting up, "You were right to do it. My mom's right too, sometimes I am too reckless, but I can't help it. Too many people rely on me, on us for that matter. I can't stand the thought of being useless or weak" "You're not useless or weak!" She hissed leaning forward, "No one who knows you would ever think that." "Maybe your right. Still in a couple of years when I start working in the mines it won't matter, ma won't have to worry about me tripping into a ditch or something in the woods." Gale said looking at his hands. "No then she'll worry about you getting blow to bits...and so will I," she said now annoyed. Gale looked up and saw her annoyance, mixed with fear and reluctance to accept it. He reached out and taking one of her hand in his, "I have too" he said. "I know," she mumbled, "doesn't mean I have to like it." "No, neither do I, but we will still have Sundays together." He said trying to lighten the mood, "I bet they will become the best days of my week." "Mine too" she said giving him her rare smile, followed by a yawn. "I'm getting pretty tired, think I should get some more rest" he said. In truth, he would have been happy to stay awake and talk to her all night but since she had a full day of hunting planned, she needed to sleep just as much as he did. She nodded got to her feet and stretched. She then reached down and wrapped her arms around his neck; he returned the hug as he inhaled deeply the scent of her hair. Flowers, pine needles and something else, Gale could only describe as Katniss. "Goodnight Gale" she whispered. "Night Catnip" he said smiling deeply. He watched her disappear into the room she shared with Prim. Gale took one last look around the room settle his head back on the cushion and closed his eyes, with once last look at the memory of how she looked when he woke up to warm his heart he whisper "I love you" into the darkness before he let himself drift off. AN: There you have it, truly hope you enjoyed it. Reviews are always welcomed. Wolfskin