starting to fade and grow lighter. All of a sudden I think how long we've been out here my mother and Prim would have gone to sleep worried about me. Gale follows my eyes, must come to the same conclusion because he holds his hand out to me, and nods in the direction back to District 12. I think for a second that feels like an hour before gladly taking his hand in mine and we begin the short walk back to the fence. After a few minutes of scanning and we are sure there are no Peacekeepers in sight, we emerge from the trees, moving silently towards the chain links. Taking an extra long moment to be absolutely sure that there is no hum coming from it we quickly slip under and both let out a huge sigh of relief. I feel the last of my muscles un-knot and relax once we are back in the District, I grin to myself stupidly, Gale chuckles low and plants a small kiss to my temple. The Seam is silent and deserted as we walk hand in hand back to my house, passing only a few lights from within houses, probably belonging to those miners who have early shifts. We are soon within sight of my front door and Gale leans against a nearby tree. In the glow of a nearby porch light, I see him smirking at me. I've never really noticed until now just how handsome he is. His confident smirk, stormy gray eyes full of mischief. I can't help but roll my eyes and smirk back at him warmly. He slips his hands into his pockets and steps towards me. "So Catnip, it's the harvest festival tomorrow, well technically tonight," he says with a smile as he glances up at the sky. "How'd you like an escort?" he adds with a wink. I laugh low in my throat at his question. He knows very well that our families go to the festival together but I decide to play along by stepping towards him. "That would be wonderful, thank you," I say in the mocking Capitol accent. He laughs as he takes my hand and plants a tender kiss to my knuckles. His head tilts up to gaze at me through heavy eyelashes as his lips continue to brush over the small scars on the back of my hand, looking into his eyes and can almost feel the warm glow emanating from within them mix with a lustful desire. I move my hand from his grasp, wrapping it around his neck and pulling him to me in a long deep kiss, flooding it with passion. As our mouth connect and open for each other, Gale snakes a hands around my waist, pulling our hips together before cupping my butt and giving it a slight squeeze. I hum happily at the pressure and slide my tongue along his bottom lip. Our lips brake apart at the distance sound of a dark barking and he, looking reluctant suggests we should both get some rest, I pout disgruntled at the idea. After that last kiss, I feel hungry for another and one more after that, and even more after that. I'm on the verge of acting on the thought when I remember Prim inside. She will have gone to sleep hours ago, probably curled up with my mother worrying about where I am. It takes a huge amount of will power to take the first step towards my house and not back into Gale arms. He walks me all the way to my door and plants one last gentle kiss to my lips before whispering "Goodnight, Katniss." "Goodnight, Gale" I whisper, my lips brushing against his one final time before I reluctantly withdraw my hand from he's cheek and disappearing inside my house. Leaning against the door, I sigh happy to be safe and home. I hear Gales soft retreating footsteps as he walks away from the other side of the door. Peering through the nearest window, I see his retreating back as he turns the corner and disappears from my sight. Five minutes later, I crawl under the sheets. Id moved silently through the house and after checking to see Prim sleeping soundly in my mother's room. My mom's arms wrapped around her and Buttercup lying at the end of the bed. His ears prick up at the doors creak and he turned to glare at me. I return the look and imagine drowning him and using his fur to line my boots. True, id never do it, but the thought makes me smile. I climb onto my rough mattress, dressed in only my underwear pulling the thin sheet up to my shoulders. I close my eyes and let my thoughts wonder. My mind drifts over thoughts of huge white wolves, the smells and sounds of the forest and finally settle on Gale's hands and mouth on me, roaming over my skin. As I reach between my legs, I replicate my actions from when I was alone at the campfire. After a long, enjoyable time, I finally release the low breath I held in to stop myself crying out, feeling utterly spent and muscles twitching wonderful I pull the sheet back over me as I roll onto my side and drift off smirking to myself. A/N: Well, i dunno about you guys but I'm really happy with this. i was a little unsure in parts but overall I'm pretty pleased with it. Now sadly i need some help, id really like to continue this but im unsure of future story lines and such, there are one or two things i could expand on but i'm just not sure if you guys would find it boring. so if you have any suggestions at all as to where i can take this, please feel free to PM me. Don't forget to leave a review and hopefully (Fingers crossed) ill see you next time. Wolfskin