by the release of millions of data files by a hacker group only recently identified as the Mockingjay ." I watch as Thresh, alongside a hundred others, yells questions at a tall, thin, severe-looking woman with a sharp grey bob who hurries down the steps of the courthouse, surrounded by body guards, only to vanish into an awaiting car. "Ms. Coin was originally accused of insider trading among other crimes," he continues. "But as this case has developed over the past year, it has become clear that this is not an isolated incident, but rather part of a larger, global network dedicated to controlling the stock markets. A document filed to the courts just last night indicates that Ms. Coin's company may have been involved in several oil price crashes in the Middle East, and also suggests evidence of collusion with foreign bodies." I shake my head. Peeta and his friends really didn't know what they were doing when they opened Pandora's Box to the world. "In another shocking twist in this already outrageous case, the home of secretive billionaire Coriolanus J. Snow has also been raided in connection to the investigation. FBI officers have also seized sixteen other properties belonging to Mr Snow, and have so far arrested over one hundred people thought to have worked with him in the Panem city district alone, and indirectly with Alma Coin in international trades. At least fifty two other suspects are wanted by the FBI, and there are no doubts here that this number will only continue to rise." I stare, shocked, at the television screen. I knew Snow was a shady bastard, but this – this is unexpected. I guess I shouldn't be so surprised. He was involved with everyone and everyone was involved with him, but I never thought he'd be caught, especially at this level, and with so many of his people being taken down with him. Tulip nudges her nose against my leg and I rub her ears, cooing at her. She wags her tail and I smile, before standing to turn off the TV and head inside to start on dinner. Out here in the desert, the high daytime temperatures can quickly plummet once the sun has set, so I close the screen door and, once Tulip is left occupied in the kitchen with a chew-toy, I look through Haymitch's spare room (my room, for the time being) and find a jacket. I'm pulling it on and am almost out of the room when I hear a buzzing sound. I frown. Haymitch got me a phone a while back, though I don't have many contacts, given that I'm in hiding. The only other phone I have is Peeta's burner, from what feels like a lifetime ago. I couldn't bring myself to dump it, so kept it hidden in the bottom drawer of my desk, and forgot about it soon enough. My heart skips a beat, and I stop at the threshold to the room. I wait, I listen. Again. Buzz, buzz , the sound of a phone vibrating against wood panelling. I sift through the junk in that drawer and pull out the device. Four messages. Unknown number. I open the texts. couldn't resist when I heard the news about snow. so glad the bastard's going down with coin. [19:21] i made Madge promise not to give me your number to protect you but i havent seen you on the news so figured you were alive and that a text would be much appreciated [19:23] i get flashbacks driving past cornercopia still but that's not always a bad thing. Hope youre doing okay, wherever u are - peeta xx [19:24] we're partners in crime, see. 2 kisses is highly appropriate. [19:27] I stare at the texts until my eyes water. I smile. I inhale shakily, and wipe at my eyes with my palms. I pocket the phone and head into the kitchen, were I make a simple meal to eat and do so at the kitchen table. Then, with the dishes scrubbed and left out to dry, I clip a leash onto Tulip, grab a flashlight, and step out into the wilderness surrounding Haymitch's property. We walk for twenty minutes. Tulip is happy to sniff around and I let her go free, following her down a worn path over the sandstone to a small lake. I stare out at the barren landscape as the sun dies, melting over the horizon, and wonder what Peeta's doing right now. If he dumped Dee. If he'll ever get found out for what he did to Coin Securities . If he hates me for what I did to him. If he's happy. I fish the phone out. I flip it open and read through the messages until my vision blurs. My hands shake as I type out a reply. thank you, peeta. Im sorry things couldn't have been different for us. maybe in another life. katniss xx [20:29] And then, I press send, and once the message has sent, flip the phone closed, and in one smooth movement, send it flying through the air, to the middle of the lake. It hits the water with a small splash, and is instantly gone. This is the one thing I can give Peeta. Anything more or less would be dangerous for the both of us. This is what is necessary to keep him safe. Tragedy and circumstance brought us together that fateful night in the Cornercopia parking lot, and it's what has ultimately separated us, too. It's the way it has to be. To save everyone left that I love, I have to vanish. I have to disappear. No matter how much it hurts. A/N: This work was inspired by Bonnie and Clyde, Mr Robot, and several espionage films I've recently watched. The reporter's initial description of the Coin Securities leak is taken from S1 E4 of ABC's How to Get Away with Murder. Leave a kudos/comment if you liked it, friend.