around the studio. There's a full bathroom leading on from the kitchen, the second mystery door along the corridor leads to a bedroom, and a private stairwell leading up to the roof. "Although there's other studios in this building, I'm the only one who really uses it for anything." He offers me a drink and shows me some of the photos he's taken and the paintings he's most proud of, and I find myself stunned each time he turns the page of his portfolio or reveals another canvas. "All of these are amazing," I say, looking up. I don't realise how close his face is to mine and flinch back slightly. If he notices my reaction, he doesn't say anything about it. "Right, I think we should get started with some test photos," he says, snapping the portfolio shut. I feel my nerves return once more and shake my limbs out. "Annie is our resident makeup and clothing artist, but today we've got Jo instead." he explains, leading me down to one end of the studio. Johanna pushes me down into a chair and narrows her eyes. Peeta pats her on the shoulder. "Play nice, Jo. Remember not everyone suits ten pounds of black eye shadow," he says playfully. Johanna gives his retreating form a middle finger. "Go play with some cameras and lights, baker boy," she sneers. Peeta laughs and disappears behind a set wall. Johanna applies what feels like about ten pounds of makeup to my face and yanks out most of my hair, but when she hands me a mirror to - and I quote – 'examine the damage' I find myself looking at a natural looking face. My eyeliner is a simple cat eye and my lipstick is a soft shade of pink. My hair has been just been taken out of its braid and made more voluminous with the help of some backcombing and hairspray. I actually kind of look good. "What shoot is this?" I ask. "Just a test shoot, really, but it's also something for some pretentious clothing line." I cringe at the outfits Johanna pulls from the clothes rack. She puts me in a pair of high-waisted distressed denim shorts, and cropped top with 'fuck everyone' written on it, and a pair of terrifyingly high shoes. When she sees my face, however, she swaps them for a pair of studded boots with the zips undone and loads my wrists with heavy bracelets. When I finally get in front of the camera, I can feel Peeta's eyes on me. Johanna stands beside him and watches me intently as Peeta snaps away. I feel awkward and clunky and can't seem to act normal. I try to mimic what I've seen online and in magazines. I'm pretty sure I look like a gangly freak. Peeta encourages me to do this or that and his praise is like winning a golden ticket. He shows Johanna the images and she nods, giving suggestions and gesturing with her hand. Peeta nods as I stand there. "Outfit change!" Johanna shouts, hauling me away to change again. "How am I doing?" I ask anxiously. I can feel myself sweating. "You're doing well, kid," she says. "You're not 'posing' like other models do. Peeta hates that. You just look… good." "Thanks," I whisper. Johanna hands over some more clothes. This time it's a flowy skirt, a patterned bralet and a flower crown. I go through a few other outfit changes over the next few hours and by the end of the four hours I spend in the studio, I feel way more confident and strong than I did when I first came in. If every shoot is going to be as easy as this, I'll be fine. The voice in my head tells me that it'll be totally different once I'm naked. That I'll be timid and embarrassed all over again when I have to lounge about in nothing but whatever Peeta puts me in. I force myself to ignore the voice. Peeta thanks me and hands me a cheque for four hundred dollars before I leave. "This was great, Katniss," he says with a genuine smile. "It was nice seeing you again." "Same here," I say. "I hope we can do this again sometime." "I think I'll let you stick around," he smirks. "Just email me or call if you have any questions about the job. You'll be contacted if we need you." "Okay. See you around." The bounce in my step is unmistakable as I walk towards the elevator, and I smile at my reflection on the journey to the first floor. I order the most expensive pizza on the takeaway menu of the local pizzeria and buy a bottle of celebratory wine for tonight's meal as well as cashing in the check. When I waltz into Cray's office and pay this month's rent, the look on his face is priceless as he stares at the money on the table. "Did ya rob a fucking bank?" he asks, staring at the bills as I've just thrown Monopoly pieces at him. "Wouldn't you like to know?" I say, slamming his office door. Later that night, as I sip wine and eat pizza in front of the TV, I realise how my rash decision to go for a stint at modelling has resulted in Peeta and I meeting again. I think about how cautious I was after breaking up with him. I haven't been with anyone else since then, and I've be careful about anyone and everyone. Even though I've tried to ignore everything to do with Peeta, I can see now that we were stupid, barely old enough to drink, and didn't think about what we were doing before we had done it. The idea of posing nude in front of Peeta and his camera is suddenly a whole lot more daunting, yet the thrill that rolls down my spine is anything but. find me on tumblr at writingforhugs :)