"What happened?" Katniss asks, pulling out coffee beans and chucking them into the grinder, not caring about the horrible churning sound it makes. "Did your Dad find out that your brother had given you all that icing?" "Uh, yeah. He found out when I threw up all over the floor." Peeta grimaces. Katniss laughs, pouring the coffee into two mugs and bringing it over to him. "This isn't as good as the coffee you made me, but it's better than nothing," she apologises. "You liked the coffee I made you?" "Yeah, yeah. It was the best coffee ever and all that shit. Carry on telling me about your throwing-up fiasco." Katniss snorts. Peeta gives her a pointed look. She lets out an uncharacteristically high pitched giggle and punches his arm. He rolls his eyes and continues. "So I threw up – everywhere – and when Dad found me he just sat me up on the countertop and gave me a glass of water and went to go and find Fen and Rye and demanded they clean up my vomit as a punishment," Peeta chuckles at the memory. Katniss narrows her eyes. "Who's Rye?" "What?" "You said that your Dad went to get Fen and… Rye?" she presses her hands to the hot ceramic of the coffee cup and watches him. Peeta's face pales and his eyes widen. "Peeta?" "When you told me about your sister… Prim… I realised that we had something in common," he starts, his fingers clenching and unclenching around the coffee cup, looking down at the coffee as if it's suddenly the most interesting thing in the world. Katniss folds her legs under her. "I had another brother… in between Fen and I. Rye." "What happened?" Katniss asks, leaning forward and resting her hand on his. "When he was sixteen – I was twelve – we were sitting at the dinner table one evening when he threw down his cutlery and said 'Mom, Dad, I'm gay'. It was completely out of nowhere. Mom was furious. She always wanted to have the perfect set of children, and in her eyes, a gay son was a bad son," he pauses, shifting to put his mug on the coffee table. "She tried to make him 'normal'. Sent him to groups. Sent him to therapy. And when that didn't work she started to yell and hit him. He was so ashamed of himself – she made him hate himself – that he… he… killed himself a year later." "How?" I ask, shocked at his confession. He runs a shaky hand through his hair. "Stepped out in front of a train." "Oh, my God. I'm so sorry Peeta." "Yeah, we all are. My Dad beats himself up about it every day." "What happened to your mother?" "She moved out years ago. Blamed us all, of course." Peeta take a long gulp of his drink and lets out a long exhale. Katniss surprises him (and herself) by throwing her arms around him, burying her face in his neck. "Prim, my sister, died when she was seventeen as well," she mumbles. Peeta presses his hands to the small of her back and waits for her to continue. She appreciates his silence. "She was moving to New York with her boyfriend, Rory, straight after graduation. Had it all planned out. The day before she was due to leave, we went to the old fairground in our town," "It was an old place – been running for years – and the machinery wasn't exactly safe. Safe enough for most, but not for Prim. She was thrown from a ride and died ten minutes later." "Oh, Katniss, that's worse than Rye." "No it wasn't. She died happy. Rye… he died…" "Torn up inside?" Peeta finishes. Katniss nods and shifts again to lean against him more, revealing in his warmth and scent. He sighs against her skin. "I miss her," she murmurs, closing her eyes. He pulls her closer. "I miss him too. I didn't appreciate him enough… and then he was gone." "She told me to move on, you know… it's been difficult though. Did you know I haven't been with anyone since she died? And that was six years ago." "Six years?" Peeta asks, his hands rubbing soothing circles over her arms. "Yeah." "That's a long time." "I know. It feels like she's only been gone a day." "The pain – it still hurts, doesn't it?" "When does it go away?" Katniss muses. "I asked my Uncle Haymitch once. His wife died on their honeymoon. He told me that it never goes away. You just learn to deal with it." "My Dad said that exact same thing at Rye's funeral." "I wish things were different. I wish I was the one to be thrown from that ride." Katniss is taken by surprise when Peeta sits upright with a jolt, pushing her backwards and holding her at arm's length, staring at her with an intensity she's never felt before. "Don't you ever say anything like that again, okay?" he says, shaking her slightly. "I know it's difficult to move on. I know what it's like. But you have people who care about you, okay?" "Like who?" "Like me." "Oh." "Alright then… I know I'm practically a stranger, but I want to get to know you, Katniss. Would you let me do that?" The look on his face is filled with such a delicate type of nervousness that she can't say no. Whether it's the alcohol loosening her mind or the desire deep down to have someone to love and be loved in return making an appearance, she doesn't know. She just knows that Peeta isn't going to hurt her. Not now. Not now that they've told each other about their long lost siblings on what most would call a first date. She squares her shoulders and moves back to be against his chest, listening to his heartbeat. "Yes. I'll allow it." Find me at writingforhugs on tumblr.