It must be late when I jolt awake. I don't know what it is that wakes me, but the entire room is bathed in the golden lights from the sparkling Christmas tree. I blink. I have to stop falling asleep on the couch. It does nothing for my back. I swallow and shift slightly under my blanket. I hear something heavy-sounding being placed down on the floor with little grace, the sound of a zipper, and heavy footsteps. My eyes snap open. It couldn't be. Could it ? I hear the sound of out-of-tune humming and sitting up. I hear running water. I climb to my feet and stumble towards the kitchen, the blanket trailing behind me. Sure enough, there's Peeta. He' standing at the sink chugging a glass of water, still dressed in his cargo pants and heavy boots. His backpack sits on the floor, leaning against the cabinet doors. My shoulders slump. He's here. He's actually here. I rub my eyes, willing this not to be a dream. His golden hair sticks up in all directions and glows in the soft light of the fairy lights I've strung around the top of the wall cabinets. His shoulders are just as broad as they were the last time I saw him. His ass still looks amazing. He plucks the miniature light-up snowman that sits on the sill of the kitchen window and chuckles softly. A lump forms in my throat. He's here. "Peeta?" I say, my voice breaking like it did during our phone call. He whirls around in surprise and a huge smile breaks over his face. "What are you doing here?" I ask, completely astounded. "Haymitch managed to get us out at the last minute. I wanted to surprise you," he says. "Oh my God!" I screech in probably the most unattractive way ever. I launch myself forward, dropping my blanket, and he catches me. I wrap my arms around and legs round him and bury my face in his shoulder. "You're here! You're actually here! Peeta!" "Kat," he sighs, inhaling deeply as he pressed his nose into my tangled hair. "How long have you been here?" I ask. "I landed at the airport about an hour ago. I dropped Finn off at Annie's first, and then I stopped by my folks place. I've been here for about ten minutes." "Oh my God!" I laugh, hugging him tighter. "I was so worried! The phone call cut out-" "And you assumed the worst?" "Well, yes! Annie and I were getting ready for spending Christmas without you and Finn! I thought something bad had happened!" "Nothing happened," Peeta says, pulling back to smooth his thumbs over his cheeks. "That bang you heard was probably Finn – he tripped over a stack of containers and curses for about three hours afterwards because he stubbed his toe." "I'm going to kill him. I was freaking out." I murmur. Peeta sits me up on the countertop. I lean forward and do what I've been wanting to do for months on end now. I kiss him. He's taken by surprise for some reason and makes strangled sound in the back of his throat before he joins in, kissing me back with just as much passion. I groan, pushing his shirt up and gripping him closer. He places one hand on the small of my back and the other on the back of my neck to keep me in place. I gasp for air and he dips back forward, deepening the kiss. I whimper against him and he groans. I dig my nails into his skin. He kisses me harder. Give and take, give and take. I'm overcome with emotion and I begin to cry. Peeta feels the tears and pulls away. "Why are you crying?" he asks, his eyes shimmering with tears of his own. His top lip quivers. I pull him back to me and sob openly into his hair. "I just – it's been so long Peeta. I've missed you. I've missed this, " I say, pressing kisses to his forehead, to his nose, to his chin, to every inch of his face. "I've been so lonely without you. I thought I wasn't going to see you until February." "Neither did I!" Peeta chuckles. And then he's crying as well. "This is the best Christmas gift ever," I tell him. I think of the ugly sweater I bought him. It suddenly seems insignificant. I can't believe I spent time worrying about it. "I love you, Kat. So, so, so much." Peeta whispers. I wipe away his tears. "I love you too." I say, kissing him again. "I love you more." "Shut up." "I do." "Stop talking." I kiss him again and again and again. He pulls me towards him and presses soft open mouthed kisses down my neck. I lead him to our bedroom and tug his heavy boots off. I rid him of his shirt. I place his dog tags on the bedside table. He pulls my hoodie over my head. My shirt follows; flung somewhere into the darkness. Once we've rid each other of our clothes, I run a shower. I massage the knots in his back away and kiss his bare chest. He kisses me again, pressing his body against mine, a burning contrast against the cold tiles behind me. And then, tired but content, I pull on one of his shirts and he pulls on his boxers and we collapse into our bed. The dip of mattress is welcome. The warmth he brings to the sheets is glorious. His arms wrapped around my body are comforting. I smooth my fingers over the burn marks and bullet wounds on his side that resulted from a particularly nasty conflict almost a year ago now that left him in hospital. He rubs soothing circles over my arms. I find myself falling into a gentle sleep. The sound of him breathing relaxes me. I smile. He's safe. He's here. It's Christmas.