to me—I've always seen the baker as my friend. I purchase three bread rolls—one for me, one for my mother, and one for my sister. I can only just afford it. They're warm in my hands. As I'm leaving, the baker speaks. He sounds tired. "Thank you, Wren," he says. "For what?" I ask, frowning. "No-one buys from me anymore," he sighs. "I'm sure to go out of business." I turn and head back into the shop, placing my spare change on the counter. "Then you'll need this. Good luck to your sons, sir." And then I leave. As I head back home, I see the farmer boy, Oregano, leading his younger brother down to the market. I know him from school, so I smile, and he briefly smiles back. I shiver when I remember that we will both be in danger several times over in the reaping later today. Above my head, two wrens begin to sing together. The song haunts me. The cottage is small, but more than big enough to house the three of us. It's built with stone, and inside the walls and carpets are cream coloured. There's a distinctly homely mess of objects on the shelves and fireplace, and across the floor, too. I decide, almost as soon as I walk in, that I like it here. It smells like the fragrant fruits we forage in District 11. On the ground floor, there's a small living room and a kitchen. The living room has a circle of chairs facing each other in the centre, and a coal fire is already alight in the fireplace by the stairs. In the kitchen, everything is eerily normal. There's milk in the fridge, water in the kettle, and the table is already laid out with knives, forks and spoons. The only thing absent is food. Arro, Oregano and I search the cupboards again and again for some source of food, but there is none. After, we inspect upstairs, which has two empty rooms, and a fire escape that leads to the back door. "No food," states Oregano. "No, but there is water," says Arro. "And we can always hunt." We don't say it aloud, but all of us have decided to stay here. After checking the cupboards again for food, we collect together the bits and bobs we picked up at the Cornucopia: my jumper, Oregano's cutlass and a shiny knife, and a packet of cookies and an empty water bottle from Arro. Arro and Oregano discuss what to do with the weapons, whether to eat the cookies now, and other important things that they don't involve me in, while I go to fill up Arro's bottle. I turn the tap as far as it will go, but only a trickle of water comes out. Once I've filled the bottle, I leave it on the side and find some glasses to fill with water for my jungle flowers. For now, I place them in the kitchen window. They're sadder now, drooping a little, and I feel bad. I plucked the beautiful flowers from their trees, took them from their home like the Capitol takes tributes from their districts. Does that make me a horrible person? I guess so. Arro and Oregano finish talking, and we decide to go to bed. We divide the bedrooms between boys and girls, so Arro and I take the slightly larger room. I fashion my jumper into a pillow, and rest against it, even though I don't feel like sleeping yet. After a bit, Arro joins me. Still unable to sleep, I lie silently in the dark, and suddenly remember about the faces in the sky—every night of the Hunger Games, the anthem plays, and the faces of the dead tributes are projected in the sky. Why hasn't that happened yet? I remember it getting dark earlier, as we were walking through the forest, and now it must be close to midnight. It should have happened ages ago . . . As an answer to my concerns, a trumpet sounds, and Claudius Templesmith's voice fills the arena. Arro wakes, alert, her eyes golden like a cat's in the night. We stare at each other, listening. "Um, as you may have realised," says Claudius, a little awkwardly, "we were unable to project the faces of the, uh, deceased tributes earlier today, due to a technical difficulty." Arro frowns. "The problem has been fixed, and we will project the faces promptly at midnight. Good luck, and may the odds be ever in your favour." The night goes silent. "Did you guys hear that?" asks Oregano from the other room, as though there was a chance that we hadn't heard that. Arro's face is locked in a deeply thoughtful frown, so I reply. "Yeah," I say, "we heard." "We should go outside," says Oregano. "To watch." Without another word, Arro and I follow Oregano downstairs and outside. Its cold, and the wind makes us shiver. The moon is the only light in the sky, but before long, the seal of the Capitol burns in the dark. The anthem plays. I sink to the floor, closely followed by Oregano and Arro, all three of us staring intently at the sky. The faces begin. Both tributes from District 3—including Bolt; the girl, Elinor, from District 6; the girl from District 7; the boy from District 8; and the girl, Copper, from District 10. Then it stops. Six. That's it. Oregano, Arro and I exchange glances as the music plays again and the seal glows. It has to be the least amount of tributes killed in the initial bloodbath in all of Hunger Games history, and it means there are still seventeen of us left—including all of the careers. We move back upstairs in a sort of detached trance, each dreading what must happen in the next few weeks. As we settle down for bed, I see tears sparkle in Arro's eyes, and I wonder who she's crying for. 14