you keep hanging around me during work." "Yeah," says Johanna derisively. "Because Haymitch cares so much." Katniss doesn't say anything after that, but she does watch the man at his table. He sits by himself, observing the world around him like it's something brand new and exciting. She's never seen anybody look at the bar like this; like it's a challenge that needs to be deeply considered before he can tackle it. For some reason, she desires to help him. But she's not going to. She can't . Katniss Everdeen doesn't help anybody except for herself and her sister, occasionally going out of her way to assist a friend. That's the way it's always been. On the off chance that she lets somebody in, she will give them everything that she can. But it's a horrifically vulnerable position to be in, loving people like Katniss loves them. For that reason, very few people are able to make their way in, and she certainly never plans to let a guy in. Especially not an attractive guy with curly blond hair and eyes that look like sparkling gem stones. A guy who downs beers all night so that he can keep coming back to buy more from Katniss and who seems to be giving her twenty dollar tips every single time he comes to the bar. She resolves to forget about Peeta Mellark by the time classes start. (OOO) Katniss' braid is still wet when she gets to class. As a joke, Johanna had set her phone's alarm ten minutes later, meaning that her entire morning schedule had gotten messed up. Luckily, she manages to arrive before class begins, so it's with relief that she settles onto one of the stools at the front of the room and begins methodically arranging her pens. "I don't think they can get any straighter than that," comes a voice, and even though she's heard it only a few times before, Katniss immediately places it. "You're a chem major." "Political science, actually," Peeta says. "But I have one more science requirement and this one fit into my schedule and previous schooling, so-" "That's nice," Katniss says, cutting him off. She looks down at her paper, not wanting to see his awkward flush as he walks away from her. He doesn't. He sits down on the stool next to her and flashes her a wide smile, a broader one than first presented to her on his driver's license. Katniss doesn't say anything, knowing that he'll be moved as soon the professor sorts them into lab partners. In any case, she knows that she can't be lab partners with him. There's something about him that's far too intriguing, and intriguing doesn't work for her. Not at all. Not now . "First order of business," Professor Beetee says, striding into the room and beginning class right away. Katniss has been told to never be offended when he doesn't make eye contact, so she isn't surprised when he doesn't look at any of the students, instead choosing to pay attention to his immaculately neat shoes. "Look at the student sitting next to you at your lab table. This person will be your lab partner for the remainder of the semester. Please take these next ten minutes as an opportunity to go over the lab supply list and divide who buys which supplies." Katniss doesn't have to glance at Peeta to see the happy look on his face. She does anyways, as she's a glutton for punishment. "Looks like you're stuck with me," Peeta says happily, passing her a copy of the syllabus that Professor Beetee has handed him. "Wonderful," Katniss replies drily. She would ask for a change, but she knows that Professor Beetee isn't that kind of professor. He might transcend above other professors when it comes to academics, knowledge, and passion, but he's not the most brilliant when it comes to student interaction. Katniss likes him. "So you're gonna have to help me through this," Peeta says conversationally. Katniss' pen pauses in her division of the supply list. "I'm not the most knowledgeable science student to ever walk these hallowed halls." "I'm sure you're fine," says Katniss stiffly. "No, really," Peeta says, somehow effusive. "I'm terrible . This is going to be a series of long nights tutoring me and entire class periods trying to get me to understand concepts and me following you desperately to your job demanding that you bestow upon me the gift of your wisdoms and comprehension. I mean, seriously-" "Stop," Katniss says, clenching her fists in frustration. "This is my future. Not only do I need this class to graduate, I need to get an A in it so that I can get into a good med school. I'm notgoing to be spending long nights, nor am I going to be spending any time, tutoring you. You are not allowed to find me at work or drop slack in this class because I'm a hard worker. Carry your own weight and come end of this semester, you will never have to see me again." He looks thoroughly chastised as he says, "Well, what if I want to see you again?" Katniss chooses to ignore this. A/N: Hey, everybody! I've been wanting to write Everlark for ages, and the other day my mother and I were having a "The Prince & Me" marathon. When I watched it, it hit me how amazing it would be as an Everlark story. So here this is. My first multi-chapter fic since Sleepless. Are you as scared as I am? I hope not. Obviously I'm going to be changing things in order to make the characters more IC and the plot more applicable to the series. Anyways, please let me what you think and feel free to nudge me to get me to keep writing. If you want to poke me or ask me questions, you can find me as rongasm on tumblr. Have a great day! ~writergirl8