the clothes she laid out for him. Even though he always looked a mess, he still had clothes that were in style. The Capitol made sure of it. This would be one of the outfits. A light cream colored bottom, paired with a white shirt and a light grey colored vest and suit jacket. All in all he looked good. His…wife was lucky. He would have to get used to saying that. Since one of these women who were to get reaped was going to be one of them. He could hopefully just pick one and drive them crazy enough to divorce him, it wouldn't take that long. Most people didn't like him. After a half hour of getting ready and another five minutes trying to fix his hair, he left it like it normally was. He really didn't care at all. If he had a choice he would've went in some old jeans and a dirty stained shirt. But he didn't have a choice. Like most of his life. Never a choice. Celeste came back in a cream dress to match him. But not in a weird way, but in a way that it would seem like they were a unit. Than with another bribe of liquor, Celeste got Haymitch onto the train. Capitol people didn't have much patience so of course the train was too fast for his liking. In less than two hours they were at the Capitol and Haymitch wasn't as drunk as he would've liked to be, Celeste was bent on having him be at least semi-decent. There was a Capitol guard to escort them to where the reaping was going to take place. In a hall in the President's mansion. Of course, life keeps getting worse. Haymitch started to look around. Making plans to see the best way to leave. As if sensing him to try to make a run for it, Celeste grabbed his arm and pulled him into the room. Haymitch turned to glare at her. She just smiled back. As if on cue, President Snow came to grant them with his presence. Celeste tightened her grip on Haymitch's arm. Not wanting him to do something he would regret, well maybe not regret, but certainly pay for. "Ah Haymitch, so nice to see you on such a special occasion." Snow said. "You too, President." Haymitch responded gruffly. "And is this your mother?" Haymitch was ready to kill, but Celeste grabbed his arm even tighter, she responded. "Uh no, I am not his mother. She sadly passed away and I'm just the old victor Clint's wife." "Ooh, I'm so sorry about your husband. But at least you'll be here on this special occasion." "Oh yes." All Haymitch could do not to kill him was look around. They really did out do themselves for this reaping. Well it's not like the districts; they don't have reapings every year. There were diamonds and gold everywhere. This room could have probably fed a whole district for a couple of years. Surprisingly, there were a lot of names in the reaping ball. The women who might be reaped this year were certainly something. Their clothes making them look ridiculous. But there was one that stood out amongst the rest. She was not interacting with anyone. She seemed to looked uncomfortable in her current situation; she didn't want to be there for sure. She wore a tight blue glittery dress that stopped at her knees. It had sleeves until the wrists, but had a slit going down the front of the dress that stopped right below her breast. It hugged every curve she had to offer, and he was not disappointed. She didn't have a wig on which he was grateful for. But she did have a little makeup on, she had what looked like a smoky eye with a nude lip, Haymitch didn't know if that's what you called it but the natural poutiness of her mouth made her very nice to look at. Her hair a light blonde almost white was whisked into a soft bun of curls. Making her plain to others but in his eyes, just made him want her even more. As if sensing someone was looking at her, she looked around until she met his eyes. What shocked him was to seen the glare that was sent his way. What shocked him even more was the icy blues of her eyes with touches of green in them. Instead of pissing him off, it only seemed to excite him in ways he hadn't felt in years. Sure he had one night stands but they never had him feeling like this, and it was started to piss him off. Eventually, he had to look away as it was time to pick the names. He went over to the big clear dome that held the names of all the possible tributes. He took a deep breath. "First tribute is, Ambrosia Stellar." The girl they walked up was a normal Capitol bitch. A light pink wig with a black boxy dress thing. Her makeup was caked on and didn't look right. But underneath all that he could see she was a decent girl. He hoped the next girl was better. He looked at her once more and turned back to the dome. He really hoped for a better girl. He grabbed the paper that felt the most right. He opened it and read aloud, "Euphemia Trinket." The blonde girl with the eyes looked shocked at Haymitch. But then something registered in his head. Euphemia was a girl he met when he won the games. Looking down at the paper to make sure my eyes weren't playing tricks on me, it said the same name. Euphemia Trinket. Review, tell me what you think. It's my first story. If I should continue or not. But I'm going to write a oneshot soon, maybe smut, maybe not. Depends, but we know it will be on Haymitch & Effie. -Hayffiex3