basically. Konani always likes to tease me about my height, though to be fair I tease him over his massive forehead. It wasn't really that massive, but I needed something to get him back for calling me short. I felt everyone looming over me making me feel small and insignificant. This year, thankfully, I got to stand by the aisle so I didn't have to feel crammed. I couldn't find Konani despite him being in the same row as me. Craning my neck and going on the tips of my toes I tried to see Konani in the boys section. Still, no such luck. I didn't bother to try to find Lizzy, knowing she was in the back. With a sigh of defeat, I turned my attention towards the stage. There were four chairs perfectly aligned on the stafge. Two of the seats were filled by the Mayor who didn't look anything like his nephew, Konani, and then there was Jessamyn Alcot. Jessamyn was a- well she was strange. I've seen some Capitol people from videos and she is the only person from the Capitol I've seen with my own eyes, but it was obvious Jessamyn was different from the rest of the Capitol. Before she was a regular brightly sickening escort, only just two years ago did she do a whole flip in her looks. Her hair was a pastel pink with light curls relaxing at the ends and bangs that slightly fell in her eyes. Jessamyn's skin was a light sky blue that somehow matched her hair. She wore a flowey yellow dress that I believed has pink flowers sprawled around it. Her whole appearance was bright, mismatched, and bizarre yet it somehow all pieced together perfectly. Before she had been exactly like the Capitol, now she looked like she was in her own world. The other seats occupied two of the victors of District Four. They would be the mentors for this years tributes. This year, the mentors were Aqua Lockstar and Finnick Odair. Aqua looked to be around her mid-forties and was one of the less known victors. I suppose that was because she was plain; it wasn't just her features, but her personality always seemed to be filled with nothingness. Maybe it was what the games had done to her, but people say she was like that before in her interviews. Right now her face was void of expression that I hadn't known anyone would be able to. Then there was Finnick Odair. Everyone knew about him from his looks and the fact he was the youngest victor so had been able to win from all the Sponsers that fell head over heals for him and his abilities with a trident. Many of times I had to turn Lizzy away from the television in the Square from the times Finnick bloodily killed tributes left and right. He wasn't as brutal as some of the District Two tributes. A shiver went down my back when I thought of some of the things District Two tributes had done. They were all the same; bloodthirsty for death and victory. It made me sick each year. Soon the Mayor stands up and gives the same drawling speech he does each year. Talking about what the rules of the Hunger Games and how it came to be. He spoke about the Dark Ages and how we had rebelled against the Capitol, therefore the Hunger Games came to be. The only District that didn't get to participate was District Thirteen. Because they got bombed that is. After five other times hearing the same old speech you start to get bored, plus I could get distracted easily. Unconsciously, I started to fiddle with the yarn wrapped around my wrist. It was just a simple ratty old blue yarn that acted as a bracelet, but it was so much more. It was the first thing Lizzy had given to me. During that time, she had still been a quiet sweet angel; if only I knew she had a totally different side. Still, it was my most prized position. Finally, the speech was over and the Mayor started listing off the past Victor's names. After a while Finnick Odair's name came up and a saw a smirk plaster on his face. Disgusting. He's actually proud of what he has done? I gave a small snort unintentionally revolted by his actions. Looking up I saw I was surrounded by deathly glares. I forgot how many people loved him... In an attempt to cover the awkwardness of my actions I gave a small wave a smile. It didn't work... Soon the Mayor introduces Jessamyn Alcot and then sits back down. She walts up to the microphone in wedged heels tapping along. She gave a deep breath before speaking with a plastered fake grin, "Hello everyone, and Happy Hunger Games. May the odds be ever in your favor." She sounds bored and not at all how your suppose to act like while being escort. Especially in the Carreer Districts. She would probably be fired soon if she won't get her act together. That was just the way things were. She twirled around facing the glass bowels that held the two children's names that would leave their families today. This year she must've been choosing the boys first because with fast steps Jessamyn made her way towards there. Her hand rummaged around the bowel and pieces of paper before plucking one with her light blue hand. There was silence all around as everyone waited with bated breath for Jessamyn to go to the microphone. Slowly she unwrapped the paper and read off the name in mundane voice, "Konani Hyler." I felt everything stop. A/N: Sooo that's it! Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoyed it! :D Yeah... you don't know what her name is...for now! XD I don't know really why I did that, but yeah. Anyways, please tell me what you all think! Thanks! :D -WriterzBlock12