distance. "He thought he'd have a quick execution on his hands. Get the Capitol off his back. Guess he didn't expect anyone to stand up for someone from the Seam." I hold his hand tightly. "He'd made more than a few enemies in the past few weeks. Even in the Quarters." Peeta hums. He grimaces. I fetch him some water, and inject another dose of morphling into his system, watching him fall into unconsciousness. … A week passes, before Peeta is able to leave the table. He leans heavily on a crutch, clearly in pain, but his shirt remains free of blood and he's able to reach the upstairs bathroom to bathe, even if it takes him twenty minutes of cursing. … At the two week mark, he's able to sit down and eat dinner with the rest of us. It's strange, having him here, but things go swimmingly. We laugh, we exchange stories, and not once do I feel nervous. Later, I ask Peeta how he felt about the whole thing, and his answer is a cautiously optimistic 'pretty good'. … He goes home after seventeen days of staying at the apothecary, and it's my mother who first comments on how it feels strange not to have Peeta here. … Peeta comes back to have his back checked on, but he ends up staying for most of the day. He's brought Prim along too, and she enjoys helping my parents concoct all manners of medicines, even teaching them a thing or two about which flowers can be used for what. Peeta's back is healing well, but the scars left behind are jarring. Whenever I see them, crisscrossing across his back in silvery-pink stripes, my heart leaps to my throat. Peeta says it's okay because he can't see them unless he's looking in a mirror, which he says he actively tries to avoid, but I can see them, and I can't forget. … One night he stays so late that curfew begins without any of us realising it, and he's stranded. "We've got plenty of room," says father. "I don't want to inconvenience you," says Peeta. "We were young, once, Lowell," says mother, giving my father a look that makes his eyes widen in realisation and my face turn beet red. Peeta is the one laughing, when he's allowed to follow me up to my bedroom without either of my parents giving him a stern talking to. I shush him, mortified. That kind of thing is not going to happen, so they really have nothing to worry about, but I know that it won't stop them from doing so. In the confines of my room, however, things are different. It's dimly lit by the lamp by my bed, cramped but still cosy, and the house is quiet and warm. Peeta comments on it. "In the Seam you can never get warm, not even wrapped up in all the blankets you have." I make him turn around when I change into my nightgown, but he's peeking when I look back. I frown at him but he only laughs. I go to grab him something to wear, incidentally returning with the same items of my brother's that he wore during his last stay, so long ago. I find him stood by my bedroom window, looking out into the street. I stand beside him and take his hand. "So," he says, eyes fixed on number thirty-eight. "You could see." I nod. "Yes." "Every night." I nod again. "I'm glad I did." He opens his mouth to speak but I shake my head. "Let's go to bed," I tell him.I hand him his pyjamas, and pull the curtains tightly shut, blocking the street from view. Then, we climb into bed together. It's the first time we've done such a thing, since each one of our clandestine meetings, although few, occurred outside in alleyways or inside tumble-down buildings. I let Peeta settle first. He still can't lie on his back, which makes things a little tight in my small bed, but it's alright. I slide my hand under his shirt, and feel the ridges of tender scar tissue that lie there. Peeta furrows his brow after five minutes of silence. "How can you live with it, knowing he was just down the street?" "You learn to forget," I shrug. "He was always there, so I thought nothing of it." He puts one arm around me. "I guess." I listen to my parents walk past my bedroom door, the floorboards creaking underfoot. I look at Peeta. He looks at me. "I'm sorry I made things hard for you," he says softly. I frown. "At the beginning. I was scared. Confused about how I felt and as to why you liked me. I thought you were crazy. I smile at him. "I think I am. And don't worry about any of that. I was scared too." He sighs. "Are you still?" "No. Are you?" "With you by my side, I couldn't." I feel my entire body thrum at his words. I stare, just taking him in. "I wish none of this ever happened to you," I whisper earnestly. "Not your parents, not Harris, not Cray. I'm sorry, Peeta." He swallows. "It's in the past," he says. "That's where I want to keep it." I nod. We're quiet for a long while. When he closes his eyes, I think he's gone to sleep, and burrow into his side the best I can without hurting him. He finally speaks, voice low in my ear, and what he says surprises me. "I knew Darius," he says. I match the name to the red-headed keeper shot by Cray in the square. His funeral was a few weeks ago. Half the district turned up to watch his coffin pass by. "He was a good man." I kiss Peeta's shoulder. He loops his arm over my waist, and his fingertips trace soothing patterns over the small of my back until he falls asleep.