won't quite focus on it. "You'll get one tomorrow, so you know what they need you to do during the day. And then it washes off by bedtime." Is this what Plutarch meant when he asked if I would cooperate? I really don't think I will be able to follow a schedule when I'm too tired to focus my eyes to read it. And my head hurts. Prim, though, is now walking me down the seemingly endless hall—it curves slightly—and chattering about her classes and the people she's met. I smile at her because it's impossible not to smile at Prim when she's enthusiastic, but most of the words wash over me. I may be out of the hospital, but I'm still shivering like a nervous animal and my most coherent thoughts are of Peeta. "Katniss. Katniss!" I hear Prim say and look up to find that we have stopped walking and are standing in front of a door. Prim's happy expression is gone and I suddenly see what I didn't before: dark circles under her eyes, creases marking the corner of her young mouth, and restless fingers plucking at the buttons of her blouse. For some reason I feel a little better, a little less alone. "Is this our room?" I ask, earning a smile for managing what must be a fairly normal tone of voice. "This is it. It's a bit plain." It is plain, after the strange luxury of our Victor's house, but we have our own bathroom with a shower and the floor lamps glow more golden than the cold, blue lights in the hall. No windows, though, three stories underground, and the walls are unadorned. I shiver. "The walls," Prim gestures at them, "I keep meaning to find something to hang on them, but we're awfully busy. Mom's helping in the hospital and I'm taking some practical nursing classes as well as regular school. Maybe you could find something…." Prim falls silent as she takes in my expression. "You'll probably be really busy anyway. I don't suppose you'll have time. And speaking of time, I have to be at class in fifteen minutes and it will take me that long to make it. You'd think they wouldn't spread the classrooms out so far, but I guess it's how they ensure we kids get enough exercise. Lunch is in a couple of hours. Gale promised me he would come by and pick you up." Prim envelops me in yet another impulsive hug and I breathe deeply, enjoying her scent that still somehow reminds me of grass and flowers and wet earth. Here is something good to think about, if only for a few moments. Then she is out the door and I'm alone in a chilly room with bare walls. I find the bed that has been designated for my use—I can tell because Prim has tucked her nightgown under her pillow, and on the low table next to my mom's bed is a thick medical text with her name neatly inscribed inside the front cover. I lower myself carefully onto the tan wool blanket covering my bed, and close my eyes against the light in the room. I wake with a shriek from some dream that is already slithering away from my memory. I'm still gasping for breath when I hear a knock on the door, no doubt a second attempt. When I finally open the door, Gale is standing there, a concerned expression on his face. "You okay, Catnip?" he asks, bending down to look at me a little more closely. What in the world does he mean by okay? "I guess," I mutter, trying to smile. "My head doesn't hurt so much. Is it time for lunch?" I'm not very hungry, but maybe it will be good to move around a little more. "I left my meeting early. President Coin would like to speak with you briefly, and I told her I would bring you by," Gale says matter-of-factly. My eyebrows lift. "You had a meeting with the President of Thirteen?" "Well, I guess they see me as, you know, the de facto leader of Twelve, since I was trying to feed everyone when they found us. Food is important, around here. I mean, making sure everyone has enough." Gale actually shuffles his feet as he says this. "Well, and I guess I organized the evacuation when Twelve…. If you can call it organized. I just happened to be the first person to realize what was going on, and knew where to go." "Because you've been defying the Capitol by slipping outside the fence for the past five years, Gale," I remind him as we start walking away from our room. I hope I can find it again. Gale grimaces. "I just had to feed my family, same as you." Same as me. So I braved going outside the fence and learned to shoot, to kill. That helped me defy the Capitol and win the Hunger Games, and now where are we, the people of Twelve? Dead, mostly. I am suddenly cold with terror for Gale. I remember Haymitch's distrust of Coin. I try to sound casual. "What do you think of President Coin?" "I think she can help us win the Rebellion," Gale says fiercely. "She's not very friendly, but does that matter? And she seems to think that what I—that is, we, you know, the people of Twelve—have to say is important. And I think her team of advisors is good. Not that I know that much, I guess." "That's got to count for something," I say lightly, but I wonder if behind Gale's sudden defensiveness is the fear that maybe it does matter if Coin if friendly. We walk until I'm hopelessly lost—I can find my way through miles of woods but in this gray world I cannot get my bearings—and then we arrive at yet another plain heavy wooden door. Gale smiles at me. "Come meet your new leader."