wrong and by her having enough of a spine to stand up to me now, if I couldn't keep her brother alive it was still okay, she would be able to live through it. She wouldn't end up like Annie. Come on! Please just let a little fire flash in those eyes; that's all I need. I stop breathing when Rebecca's eyes hold mine for a moment, but it's a fleeting moment and soon her eyes drop to the floor and I can see her shrink back. Fuck. I run a hand over my face letting out the breath I held in anticipation, there is now no doubt in my mind that if I didn't intervene back there I might as well have thrown her to the sharks. So it's decided then, no matter what happens I need to send her brother back to her alive. "I made a promise didn't I?" before she opens her mouth to object I continue in a softer voice, "I couldn't let someone like you be in the games, it would destroy you." She looks like she wants to hug me again. I really hope she doesn't. Something is different about her; I scan her petite form and notice the brooch is missing as I subconsciously rub the fading imprint upon my chest. "I gave it to Murrow, for luck…" She's playing with the corner of her dress; two little holes are visible in the fabric where it would have been. We stand there for a minute or so lost in thought and of course she's the one to break it, "Why did you do it?" I knew this was coming, my simple excuse from earlier wouldn't satisfy her curiosity. I find it's increasingly difficult to remember that she's the same age as me; she seems so much younger than eighteen. "You were hysterical. You wouldn't make it past the first night… yeah you'd have Murrow if you could get to each other in time, but how is he supposed to protect himself if he's focused on you? The other tributes and gamemakers would use it against him… and then what happens if it comes down to the two of you, what then?" She opens her mouth to speak but I cut her off, "You wouldn't be able to live with the outcome, there is no way he would let you sacrifice yourself; don't even bother trying to convince yourself that you would. You were so helpless and pathetic that I couldn't let you do it… better me than you." She doesn't say anything at first, I'm not sure if she's offended. As I stare at her searching for any sort of reaction, she slowly nods, "I see…I suppose I should thank you then." "Don't thank me yet, it's only just begun," perhaps I should be a little more compassionate. However I can't handle feeling like I owe her anything else, I've already given up my life for her. Why though? Because she is so pathetic? This wasn't the first time someone has cried like that from the reaping, maybe it was because I couldn't tune it out with her clinging to me like that. "You reminded me of how I was when my mother was taken from us, clinging to my father like the anchor to my sanity." I say more to myself than her. I can see her reach a hand out to me and I refrain from grimacing before the door is burst open and a peacekeeper escorts her out, she hesitates before she goes willingly unlike my previous visitor. Why the hell did I tell her that? I need to stop asking myself questions I don't want the answers to . There is no third visitor, so I just sit in one of the plush chairs by the window and stare at the sea until the peacekeepers come to bring me to the train. What I wouldn't give to be out on those waves... AN: So this is my first fan fiction, please tell me what you think. I figured using common names for the girls would work fine in district four, considering Annie and Mags are common names. I couldn't find a name that really stuck out to me for the main character so I just settled for my own name, I hope you don't mind the lack of creativity on that aspect. I looked into different spellings of it, but I couldn't find one that I liked the look of. I wasn't exactly willing to loose my train of thought over a name, while the OC shares my name that is as far as the similarities go so don't worry :). Because Finnick Odair isn't a common name so I had a lot of interesting names relating to the sea and settled for Murrow Alta. I tried choosing one that wasn't overly obvious though like Aegeus, while I adore that name it would just be a little too distracting for the people who know Greek mythology. I hope you liked it :) As far as future chapters I haven't entirely decided who the main pairing will be, I'm stuck between OC/Finnick and OC/Cato. Of course I'll be sticking to the original Finnick/Annie just because it's my favorite pairing in the book, but I'm thinking I might throw in a little fluff between the OC and Finnick. So far I'm leaning more towards OC/Cato just because I absolutely hate Clove and Glimmer's character and I can't very well set him up with Marvel while staying as true to his character as possible in a romance, it just simply wont work. Just as a warning, I will be altering the original story line to make sure it flows properly, so if you're apposed to that I'd stop reading this fan fiction. For those of you who will be following this story; I should have updates every few days depending on how much spare time I have. Until next time, Jacqueline