nodded her head in response. I turned to the drink cart and looked for some ice, I figured that a train with this level of luxury has to have ice on it. Unfortunately there doesn't seem to be any ice on the cart. Just as I was returning my chair to it's upright position Effie comes in alerting us that dinner is being served. I wasn't even aware that I was hungry until she had mentioned it. At dinner Haymitch was so drunk he passed out and his face landed in a bowl of soup. Hollimae had never seen something so funny. Effie called a couple of attendants and they took Haymitch to his room. After that dinner was a fairly normal affair, Hollimae being from a mining family wasn't accustomed to having so much food available to her. While my family had never had anything near as much or as delicious, I had never gone hungry. I could sympathize with the girl but could not relate to her. Though I did defend her and explained her situation to Effie when she had reprimanded Hollimae on her table manners. After dinner we were shown to our rooms and I was so tired that I just fell on the bed and went to sleep. I was woken the next morning by an attendant and told that breakfast would be served in thirty minutes. I was able to figure out how to work the strange showers fairly quickly, but I accidentally ended up using the rose scented soap. After drying off I was a little hesitant to open the closet door of my room. Thankfully it was not full of the weird capitol style costumes that Effie is so fond of. I found a tan button down shirt and some jeans that fit just right. Breakfast was surprisingly quiet, Haymitch didn't seem to be much of a morning person. I swear his coffee is more alcohol than coffee at this point. Hollimae eats slower than she did the night before and keeps her head down. I hate to see her seem so hopeless, though I know that there is no way she is going to win. Finnik Odair was the youngest to ever win the games and he was fourteen when he did. He also happened to be from district four, which trains it's tributes from a young age for the games. So as much as I hate to admit it, I know that she will be dead within the next two weeks. "So Peeta," Haymitch starts. "Tell me about your skillset." "Well, I placed second in the school wrestling tournament. I was only bested by my older brother," I said. "I see… Well I know you can throw a decent punch, so I would say you're good in terms of hand-to-hand combat. Have you ever used any weapons?" "I've used knives at the bakery, but I've never thrown or fought with them." "Okay… What about survival skills?" I shake my head. "Well we'll think of something, and as long as you don't go into the arena smelling like roses you should be fine." Hollimae laughs at Haymitch's joke, which brings his attention to her. "And how about you sweetheart, any skills?" he asked. She just shyly looks down at her lap and shakes her head. I hear Haymitch sigh and curse under his breath. "Well… your best bet is to just avoid everyone. Find water and stay alive as long as you can." She sadly nods her head and takes a drink of hot chocolate from her mug. "Alright, we should be arriving soon. When we do I want you Peeta, to smile confidently and wave to the crowd. Holli I want you to act shy and look as innocent as possible okay?" Just as Haymitch is finished giving his advice, we enter a dark tunnel. It doesn't last long and when we have emerged from the other side, I see it. The Capitol. It is unlike anything I have ever seen before. Giant towers that had to be over a thousand feet high are everywhere. The mountains on the other side of the city provide a fantastic background. Unfortunately we came into another tunnel and I am no longer able to see the city. Effie squeals out a "we're here" and drags us to the doors. Through the windows on the door I can see the people on the platform as we pass by. I try to ignore their strange outfits, which I find rather easy given my recent proximity to Effie. Putting on my best smile and pushing away my nerves, I watch as the doors slide open. Almost immediately people are screaming for our attention, when we step out I raise my right hand and wave to the crowd. I have never seen people go so crazy before. I manage to keep my shock hidden as we are marched across the platform and through the train station. When we emerge from the other side of the station, we are hustled into another car but I seem to handle this one a lot better. It must have been the bumpy roads of district twelve that caused me to feel sick. The ride this time is smooth and I enjoy it and the sights so much that we arrive at the remake center after what felt like just a few short minutes. Climbing out of the car, Haymitch pulls me and Hollimae to the side. "Okay, this is where we leave you for now," he said. "In there you are going to be taken into a room and prepped for the tribute parade. It isn't that bad, but I promise that you aren't going to enjoy it. Just grit your teeth, get through it and then we can move on, okay?" After promising to do as we were told, they ushered us through the doors of the building, and we were thrust into a world we truly did not understand.