He beams, "Of course, Dell, I'd be honoured!" Peeta is like a man possessed, searching out alternatives for the supplies that are common in the bakery but close to impossible to buy elsewhere. Katniss helps him crush berries and boil roots to make dyes for frosting and they all eat a lot of cake as he experiments with recreating the ultra fine cake flour that's essential for a good cake. But it's Brann who provides the final ingredient, sneaking a bottle of glycerin from the bakery for Peeta's fondant. As the day approaches the ice box in the Everdeen kitchen is overrun by cake decorations. Peeta meticulously handcrafts dozens of perfect gum paste leaves, delicately hand painting each in shades of red, orange and yellow. When he assembles the two tiers and arranges the leaves to look like the forest floor Katniss is certain she's never seen anything more amazing. Delly and Weston are married at the Justice Building on Saturday morning, and Peeta and Katniss follow them through the streets of town to the florist's house, where Peeta's cake will be served to guests who mingle under tents in the florist's extensive gardens, dormant for the year but still stunning. The actual toasting will be a private affair, held the first time the happy couple enter their newly assigned house, as is customary in District 12. Though the majority of the merchant class shows up, Peeta's parents are conspicuously absent. Delly confesses it's because she told her new inlaws that they could have the Mellarks at the party or they could have Delly, but not both. "You're my oldest friend, Peeta," she says shyly and he hugs her hard, tears in his eyes. ... Katniss continues to help Mr Cartwright, making and mending shoes and tanning leather, and gradually over many weeks she takes over more and more of the shop duties. On a quiet morning just before spring they're working side by side when Mr Cartwright announces with no fanfare that he would like Katniss to officially become his apprentice. She's shocked; she loves working with him, his personality meshes well with hers and she genuinely enjoys the work, but it never occurred to her that it could possibly become something permanent, something real. An official apprenticeship would pretty much guarantee that she would take over the shoe shop when Mr Cartwright retired or died. They file the paperwork at the Justice Building that very afternoon. When she returns home she finds only Peeta there, Prim and Mrs Everdeen having left to help with the birth of a baby elsewhere in the Seam. Peeta has dinner already on the table, and he tries to make small talk, but Katniss is distracted and fidgets all through dinner. She's a terrible liar and secret keeping is difficult for her. Once the dishes are dried Peeta turns to her with a wary smile. "Care to share what's on your mind, Miss Everdeen?" His tone is light and teasing but she can tell he's nervous. She grins, and rushes over to her game bag, leaving him confused. When she places the papers in his hands he reads them first with a puzzled expression, then with a smile spreading across his face as comprehension dawns. "Katniss," he breathes, "Oh my goodness Katniss, this is incredible! Congratulations!" He picks her up and spins her wildly as she laughs. "You're not upset that I signed them without speaking to you first?" she asks after they've kissed long and hard and are breathless. "No, of course not, Sweetheart, this is an amazing opportunity for you!" "For us," she corrects. "Do you know what this means, Peeta?" He shakes his head, smiling down at her, reflecting back her excitement even though he only understands half the reason. She screws up all of her courage before replying. "They'll assign me a house now, all I have to do is ask." His eyes widen, as if he's afraid, but he says nothing. Katniss realizes that he thinks she's going to leave him, and her heart clenches. "We could have a house of our own now, Peeta. Together. I mean, if... if you want to, you know..." She trails off awkwardly, Peeta is still frozen, like a deer staring down the line of her arrow. She sighs, a frustrated noise in the quiet of the shack. She's never been a good communicator, that's Peeta's specialty, and right now he's been rendered utterly mute by surprise. At least, she hopes it's surprise, and not horror. She sucks in a deep breath, forcing herself to hold his eyes. "Marry me, Peeta," she says quietly. She can see the moment when it all finally clicks for him, his eyes start to shimmer with tears, and before she can say anything else he surges forward, kissing her, hands caressing her face, her hair, anywhere they find purchase. In between kisses he murmurs over and over, "is this real?" and she laughingly assures him it is. With a whoop he scoops her up and carries her back to his little sleeping area, laying her on the pallet, peeling back the layers of her clothing reverently and worshipping her body with his mouth. When his tongue touches her centre she forgets to worry that her mother or Prim could walk in at any minute and simply surrenders to the ecstasy he raises, her hands twisting in his curls. After he's made her fall apart twice with his hands and mouth he slides into her waiting heat. As he moves in her he pants confessions in her ear, how he's wanted to marry her since he was five and he first heard her sing, how he's been in love with her longer than he's known what that meant, how she's starred in every fantasy he's ever had. Much later, when they're lying entwined; sticky and sweaty and utterly spent, she says softly into the dark, "Was that a yes?" and he chuckles. "A thousand times yes." ...