her brows furrowed. "I thought," she starts, but his mouth reclaiming her own stops her words as he presses her back into the couch, covering her body with his own. "You're so sexy, Katniss," he moans, palming her breasts through her sweater and she arches into him. "So gorgeous, so incredible. You have no idea, the effect you have…" "Peeta," she sighs in acceptance and he grunts, scooping her up like a sack of flour and walking her to the first bedroom he finds. She knows he's just lonely and horny but she wants him so bad, has wanted him since he first walked into her life, and if one night is all she can get, well, it'll have to be enough. They kiss with abandon, writhing and grinding, tongues and teeth teasing and tasting. He whips his shirt over his head and hovers over her, like something out of a novel, sculpted chest glowing in the moonlight, blue eyes full of need and something else. Something more. It makes her heart flutter uncomfortably. She sees it then, his soulmark, on the inside of his bicep, the match to her own. She wants to press her lips to it, is leaning in to do so in fact when the memory surfaces. Her mother, broken and sobbing, brushing her lips repeatedly over her own soulmark as she wailed for her lost love. Katniss freezes. She sits up so quickly he's knocked backwards, surprise and fear registering on his face. "I… I can't," Katniss says, her eyes never leaving his arm. He follows her line of sight and scowls. "Is this about the mark?" he asks, anger flooding his handsome face. "I told you it's meaningless! I want you, Katniss, not some fantasy woman who probably doesn't even exist!" But she's already scrambling off the bed; she needs to run away, she can't face him. "Katniss, don't do this," he wails as she reaches for the door. She doesn't understand his distress, he'll find another fuck toy, it won't even take a day. "Please," he whimpers. "You know I don't believe in any of it!" "I know you don't," she says softly, fighting back the tears that threaten. "But I think I do." She staggers into another bedroom and falls onto the bed, finally letting herself cry. She's already a goner, he's wormed his way so tightly into her heart and life that sleeping with him only to have him discard her afterwards like all of the others would destroy her. If only she'd realized that before letting it get as far as it did. She's probably ruined their friendship now too. Katniss doesn't know how many hours have passed when the bedroom door creaks open, enough that she's exhausted and sober, but not enough to have helped with the burning embarrassment she feels. He's silhouetted in the doorframe, so she can't see his face, but she can feel his frustration. "Where is it?" he asks, his voice low and rough. "What?" she sniffles, struggling to sit up as he closes the door behind him and stalks towards her. When he gets to the bed his face is illuminated by a shaft of moonlight, eyes red-rimmed and puffy. "Don't fuck with me, Katniss!" She startles, but it's not anger radiating off him in waves. It's desperation. He grabs her arm before she can protest. She doesn't try to stop him as he loosens the velcro that keeps her wrist brace in place. He gasps as it falls away, though he can't possibly be surprised to see her soulmark. The one that matches his own. "It's you," he whispers. He lowers himself to sit beside her, holding her hand in both of his, thumbs gently stroking the delicate skin of her wrist but never actually touching the mark. She can hear him struggling to catch his breath. "Why didn't you tell me," he finally says, and the raw anguish in his words sets off another torrent of tears. "I couldn't," she admits, gasping. "You were so angry, so dead-set against having a soulmate. And I was terrified of falling in love… but it's too late on that account." His blue eyes lock on hers and it feels like he's staring into her soul before she looks away. "I wondered," he murmurs almost to himself, "right from the first time I saw you. I wondered if you could be the one. I've never wanted anyone the way I want you. When you touch me I feel like my blood is on fire." She glances up at him then, but his eyes are fixed on her wrist, his fingers still circling the mark cautiously. "Then I got to know you... fuck you scare the shit out of me, Katniss." She's confused, there's nothing remotely frightening about her, she's not very big, not even particularly pretty. But when he lifts his eyes to hers she understands, she can see the longing there. "You're so smart and funny and strong... The way I feel about you, Katniss. It terrifies me. You make me want things I never thought I'd have. You make me want always ." "Me too," she admits. There's no point lying anymore. "I'm in love with you, Peeta." Her words trigger something in him, his expression softens, his eyes fill with light. Cautiously he lowers his head and brushes his lips against her wrist. "I love you too, Katniss," he admits. The feeling that infuses her can only be called bliss. They move together much more slowly this time, not cautiously or tentatively, simply a languid mutual exploration, a confirmation that they no longer need to rush because they have forever. When they're finally joined she feels whole for the first time in her life. Like she's recovered a piece of herself she never even knew was missing. As he moves in her he sings sweet affirmations, even as her body dances to his song. And after, twined tightly together, he tells her; "Real."