again "Just promise. Don't come after me. Don't say my name, not even once. Promise, Peeta." Her voice is urgent; there are other voices in the distance now too. "I promise." She hugs me hard, I can feel the wetness of her tears on my neck. "I love you," she whispers in my ear, as the blackness once again takes over. For days I drift in and out of consciousness as doctors pump me full of drugs to fight the infection. The pain is unfathomable, I cry out for her and a hand grips my shoulder, hard. But it's wrong. When I open my eyes it's not Katniss gazing down at me. It's my father's pale, haggard face. Confusion overwhelms me. "Dad?" I whisper. And he starts to cry. Days later, when I'm moved from the ICU to a regular room, I have another visitor. Not the one person I need, desperately, to see. Instead, it's Graham. Old Peeta would have pouted, would have blamed Graham for all of his troubles. But old Peeta died nine months ago, at the bottom of Arena Falls. Instead, I hug my brother. And when he apologizes for abandoning me, I forgive him. We all made mistakes. She's gone, vanished as surely as if she'd never existed at all. I ask the nurses and doctors and social workers about the woman who brought me in, none can give me answers. She told them my name though, and told them where to find my parents. Then she disappeared. I can't tell them, can't tell anyone. I promised. As far as my family and the medical staff know, I've been alone in the woods for the past nine months. And when I got injured, I hitchhiked to the hospital. Grief envelops me. Days go by where I don't say a single word. Even her name, forbidden. The doctors see fit to release me after ten days. I'm so lost to my misery that I don't give any thought to where I'm going. It's Graham who brings me fresh clothing, and packs up the few magazines and papers I've accumulated. I sit in his car, staring out the window, watching my happiness get farther and farther away. Every mile another nail in the coffin of my dreams. It's as if spring has come overnight. Dandelions pop up on the lawn of the small house in Victor's Village, about an hour from Panem. Graham and I have been living here for two months now. It hasn't been easy, I'm certainly not the best roommate. After so many months away from technology, I'm hypersensitive to noise and light. Nightmares plague me and I'm prone to snapping at the silliest things; a bit of wasted food, a television left on. But Graham has been patient. "Peet," he says, clapping my shoulder. "What do you say we find your car this weekend?" He's trying so hard to help me reintegrate into society. Once I realized that I didn't have to go back to the life I hated in Panem, I started opening up to him about why I'd run in the first place. It's been a slow, painful process of building trust between us. One that hasn't extended to telling him about Katniss. Nor about anything that happened those nine months. He hasn't pushed, though he wears his curiosity plainly. I see my father, from time to time, but not my mother. The police investigation into my disappearance all those months ago tore their marriage apart. Neighbours who had held their tongues about the abuse for so long suddenly had plenty to say. So she left. The price of my father's cowardice was steep, in the end. Though it's been a year, I find the Civic fairly easily. My camouflage job impresses Graham. "You're going to kick ass in that art program, little brother." I grin at him, despite the deep melancholy I feel being back in this place. Jumper cables and jerry can at the ready, we dig out the car. I slide into the driver's seat and pop the hood. And then freeze. Sitting on the passenger seat is a two gallon ziploc bag. Inside is a sketchbook. Unmistakably mine, the one Katniss rescued from the lake so many months ago. And like that day I'm bewildered, and terrified. Graham climbs into the car as I'm flipping through the pages. Sketch after sketch of Katniss, depictions of the simple, perfect life we had together. Tears stream down my face as he watches wordlessly. I drew the last sketch in the book just days before the accident that changed everything. Katniss, lying in our sleeping bag early one morning, all rumpled hair and lidded eyes. But there's been an addition to it. Small, cramped handwriting spells out Merchant Marina. You know when. When I can catch my breath I turn to Graham. "Let me tell you a story." I choose a table that overlooks the docks, watching the boats while I slide my mug back and across the Formica top. It's May 8th. The waitress in this shabby diner is solicitous; clearly she thinks I've been stood up. But I'm not worried. She'll be here. I doodle on the napkins while I wait. "Almost didn't recognize you clean-shaven like this." My head snaps up; like a ghost she's materialized in front of me. She smiles timidly and I bark out a laugh loud enough to make the other patrons gawk before leaping to my feet and crushing her in a hug. With her wrapped in my arms, everything makes sense again. I buy us both lunch, if only to appease the waitress, and we hold hands while we eat, reconnecting. Just breathing each other in. And though the atmosphere in the noisy, crowded diner is completely different from our solitary campsite, my feelings are exactly the same. "Are you ready to go home?" I murmur in her ear. Her smile is radiant. "With you?" she teases, and I nod. "Always."