second time this close to the fence, but he could see their relief. Katniss slid under, graceful as a cat, and Gale followed. But Peeta stood for a few moments longer. The fence marked the end of the surreal adventure his life had been the past eighteen or so hours. He'd fallen through a rabbit hole of sorts, and was apprehensive about what would happen on the other side. But Katniss was waiting for him, smiling at him through the chain link. "Come on, Peeta," she said, and there was no rebuke, no impatience. He wasn't as nimble as the others, but he managed to scramble through with only a couple of scratches and scrapes. As they walked through the meadow, headed towards the Seam, Peeta grabbed Gale's arm, slowed him down a few paces. "I'm sorry," he said. "I - we thought you were dead. I know she never meant to betray you. She loves you, you know." Gale shook his head, one eye on Katniss who was several yards ahead. "Don't believe it," he said. "You won her over. I asked her to run away with me, after Posy and Vick died. She wouldn't. But she did with you." "Only because of the reaping," Peeta started, but Gale waved him off. "I know you've always loved her," Gale said. "You we're about as subtle as Effie Trinket." Peeta cringed at the reminder of the Capitolite who had rendered his death sentence. "Take care of her." Then he jogged to catch up with Katniss, speaking to her briefly, too quietly for Peeta to hear. By the time Peeta caught up with Katniss, Gale was running down a side road. "His mother's house," she said by way of explanation. He expected they'd continue to the Seam, to check on Prim and Katniss's mother. So when she took his hand and turned towards town he gave her a questioning look. "They're healers," she said by way of explanation. "They'll be where the injured are." They walked in silence. Every step felt harder and heavier to Peeta, each foot they moved brought them closer to the end of whatever it was that had happened between them. Closer to whatever new reality awaited. "What's going on?" Katniss said softly. "Are you afraid? Gale said the Peacekeepers are all gone, either dead or held prisoner." "It's not that," he said, but he couldn't mask the misery in his voice. "Then what?" It was a few minutes before Peeta spoke again, standing at the edge of town proper, smoldering ruins lining the road, the stench of destruction all around. "Katniss," he rasped, his voice already rough from emotion and the smoke that was thickening all around them. "In spite of the reaping and everything, last night was the best night of my life." She glanced at him, warily. "But?" she said. He huffed out a breath, and stopped. She stood in front of him, arms crossed. "But I'd never hold you to the things you said in that cabin." "Peeta, what?" she started, but he shook his head. "I know you have something with Gale. I - I won't get in the way of that." Katniss scowled. "What I have with Gale is a really great hunting partnership. A brotherhood. Don't use him as an excuse for your second thoughts." She was fast, spinning away, stomping towards town. But fueled by equal parts horror and hope, he was faster. He was standing in front of her in a heartbeat, halting her forward motion. "Katniss," he breathed. "My only regret is that I didn't tell you sooner. I love you. I've loved you since we were five. I only want you to be happy." "Then don't make decisions for me. Trust me to know my own heart." Her words faded away, her eyes fixed on his were open and clear, no layers of defence between them, no lies. His heart soared. As impossible as it seemed, Katniss Everdeen had chosen him . And in the middle of that post-apocalyptic hell, he kissed her. He kissed her and she kissed him back, and they clung to each other, and it was real. They marched the last mile to the square hand in hand, Peeta, despite his trepidation, held his head high. He had Katniss Everdeen by his side, he felt like he could conquer anything. People appeared along the route, citizens of District 12 who nodded or called out a greeting, or simply stared curiously. Others, dressed in grey jumpsuits like Gale, who didn't even lift their gazes. All with shovels and carts, sifting through the heaps of blackened rubble and ruins. Gale's comment that there had been some casualties seemed to drastically understate the destruction of the town portion of District 12. Shrouded piles of what could only be bodies lay ready for the funeral pyre, burning across from where the Justice building had stood just twenty-four hours earlier. Peeta's heart hammered in his chest as they approached the square. He had no idea what they would find. The bakery still stood, the physical structure anyway. The damage was heavy, but not absolute. The large plate glass windows his mother had always fussed over were gone, the door blown off it's hinges. But the building remained. With a deep breath, Peeta stepped inside, into the building that had been his home and his future. The floor was thick with detritus, broken glass and twisted metal, most of the interior fire-singed and water-logged. It was eerily silent. A lump formed in his throat, threatening to choke him. "It's all gone," he whispered. His future, the only way he could provide for Katniss, to give her the life she deserved. He felt sick. But Katniss squeezed his hand. "We'll rebuild, Peeta." He turned to her, and she smiled, like dawn breaking. In her, he could see rebirth in the midst of the destruction. The promise of a new life, a new reality that they would build. "Together?" "Together."