and I will not let him see me upset over a stupid play that I didn't want to be part of anyway. "It's fine, Peeta, I get it. I need to go now, Prim has homework." It's a lie, Prim isn't even home, she has middle school choir on Mondays after school and Peeta knows that but he doesn't call me on it. I jump off the railing and reach for my bag, rifling through it to extract the script, which I toss in his direction. It lands at his feet but he doesn't pick it up, doesn't move at all. He just continues to stare at me. With a shake of my head I try to push past him, but he grabs my arms and spins me around to face him. In spite of my anger the feeling of his hands on my arms, of his solid body only inches from me makes my knees weak. Damn him. His jaw tightens and releases as he internally debates what he's going to say to me, but I'm really in no mood for his pity, and I try to pull away. He tightens his grip, almost to the point of pain. "You are the least observant person I have ever met, Katniss," he growls, and I bristle, but before I can yell at him he continues, his face so close to mine that I can see the deep navy ring that surrounds his sky blue pupils. "I didn't want to kiss you for an audience, because when I finally do get to kiss you I want it to be real." I stare at him uncomprehending and he stares back, his eyes sad. Then before my brain catches up to what he said he releases my arms, spins on his heels, and walks away, the script still lying on the porch. — "Real." The word keeps running through my head all afternoon and far into the evening. I find it doodled in the margins of my homework, it reverberates in my mind while I make Prim noodles for dinner, it haunts me. Once Prim has been tucked into bed I sit at the kitchen table and flip through the script again. It's a tiny thing, only 150 lines, but it feels as heavy as a tome. I can't let this tiny little red booklet destroy us. There's a light drizzle falling when I sneak out the back door into the moonlight. Scaling the fence between our yards is second nature to me; I've done it so many thousands of times that I don't even think before I've landed on the other side. Peeta's bedroom is at the front of his house, but when I walk around the light is off. "Come to finish me off, sweetheart?" I jump at the sound of his voice; I was so fixated on the window that I didn't notice Peeta sitting on the curb in the rain, under the street lamp. I lower myself to sit beside him, the damp concrete soaking through my jeans. He's been out here long enough that his hair is saturated, the curls sticking to his forehead. He looks sad and forlorn and my heart aches. "How long, Peeta?" I ask him quietly. He drops his head and lets out a strained laugh. "As long as I can remember. I noticed you on the first day of school, Katniss. I haven't stopped noticing you since. I've had a crush on you since before I even knew what that meant." "Why didn't you ever say anything?" He shrugs. "I wanted to. So many times I wanted to. But I was afraid. I'm still afraid. You're so fierce and independent, and I thought if I told you how I felt…" He trails off, but I understand. "That's why I never told you," I admit. His head snaps up. "What?" I laugh a little at his expression. "I've had a crush on you for years, Peeta, but I figured you didn't think of me that way, and I didn't want to ruin what we have. You're my best friend, I need you in my life, and I couldn't stand the thought of ruining that, so I tried to ignore it. But seeing you with Cashmere today…" "We were just talking," he says. "She was asking my advice on her script for drama class. I don't feel anything for Cashmere. There's only one girl who has ever caught my eye, Katniss." My breathing picks up, he's looking at me so intently, and when his gaze flits down to my lips my breath catches. His hand comes up to cradle my cheek and I catch the faint scent of cinnamon that always seems to cling to him, mixed with the fresh smell of the rain. Then his lips descend on mine, soft and warm and wet. I melt into the kiss; as many times as I'd imagined this moment I couldn't possibly have envisioned how perfect it would feel, how his mouth and mine move together as if they were made for each other. When his tongue shyly pokes out to trace my bottom lip I make an involuntary squeak in the back of my throat and he pulls back, eyes wide and questioning. I answer by leaning in and kissing him again. We sit in the rain, kissing and tasting and testing until we're both soaked to the bone and shivering. He walks me home, the long way around the block, our hands twined together. When we reach my porch we kiss again, our hands innocently mapping cheeks and shoulders and waists. I'm breathless and giddy when we finally break apart. "Peeta," I smirk, staring up at his flushed cheeks and swollen lips with equal parts desire and pride. "I'd like to do that play with you, if you still want me." His answering smile is as radiant as the sun. "I only want you, Katniss. And think of the fun we'll have practicing together!"