can get out. But he understands. He peels my dress off reverently, leaving me in just the orange bra and tiny matching panties, soaked with my desire. "You are so fucking gorgeous," he says, each word punctuated by a flick of his tongue along my ticklish flesh. "Take your clothes off," I beg, and he pulls back obediently. Each inch of skin revealed to me as he peels off his shirt and slips out of his pants is like a feast for my starving eyes. I've seen Peeta in less, at the beach, at the gym. But never like this. He kneels beside me, wearing only boxer briefs, the outline of his rigid cock clearly defined. "Fuck," I whisper as I trace his erection with trembling fingers. He's huge. He leans over me, wrapping me in his arms, kissing me. Pressing our bodies tightly together, only undergarments between us. Rocking together, like we did two nights ago, only intentionally this time. Dry-humping, like teenagers. The thought makes me smile. "If I hadn't moved away, do you think we would have done this in your bed sooner?" He chuckles. "I'd like to think so," he says, nuzzling my throat as he laughs softly. "Though probably not in this bed. My mother, well, she didn't think too highly of us boys having lady friends sleep over. Not until recently, apparently," he modifies. "So you never deflowered a virgin in this bed?" At that he snorts. "Uh, no," he says. "It's not too late," I murmur. There's a lag of a few seconds where my words don't register, where he keeps tracing designs across my collarbone with his tongue, where his hand keeps inching down my hip. Then he stops cold, pulling back to hover over me with wide eyes. "Wait, what?" he asks. I shrug, growing more and more uncomfortable with his unblinking scrutiny. But it's not like I could have kept it from him. If we're heading where I hope we're heading, he'd have figured it out eventually. Especially if, like my mother and even Prim say, it hurts the first time. "You've… you've never? You're…really? Never?" I shrug again. Then he laughs, a strange, breathless little laugh, and I scowl. Being laughed at is a little bit of a mood killer. "Not exactly the reaction a girl wants when she's lying half naked under a man," I grumble. He kisses me, hard, smiling against my lips, sucking on my throat when the grin is too wide to keep our teeth from knocking together. "I'm just, fuck, Katniss, really?" he asks again. "Really," I sigh. "Is that a problem?" I'm starting to feel awfully vulnerable. Every trace of mirth falls away; he looks at me with a raw hunger unlike anything I've ever seen. "Fuck, no," he says. "It's completely the opposite. I'm just... you want me to be your first?" "Well I did, before you started laughing at me," I grumble, but my breathless tone belies any real anger. "I just can't believe I could be so lucky," he says. And then the talking stops as he takes control, kissing me, ridding me of my bra with a snap and a smirk, devouring my breasts like a starving man as I writhe and beg and moan shamelessly. When I'm certain I can't take any more he returns to kissing me. But his hands sneak downward, shimmying the tiny panties over my hips until I'm bare for him, for the first time. He strokes my calves and stares at me, licking his lips. "Take yours off too," I pant, but he shakes his head. "Not yet," he mumbles. And then he's driving my legs apart, nuzzling my sensitive inner thighs even as his hot breath ghosts over where I'm wet and throbbing for him. I wait, holding my breath, desperate for him to begin. But instead he kisses my hipbone and raises his head. "I'm going to make you come now," he says, his voice deep and gravelly, and I get even wetter at his words. His next kiss lands on my mound and I whimper. "But we're not going to have sex tonight." In my lust-induced haze I'm certain I've misheard him. "What?" I practically wail. He paints his next words into my flesh. His tongue caresses the entire length of my slit, the sensation unlike anything I've ever experienced. "I've been waiting practically my whole life to make love to you, Katniss." His tongue seeks out my clit, teasing the little bundle of nerves while I buck against him, reduced to a whimpering mass of raw emotion. "I can wait a little longer. I want to do everything else I've fantasized about doing with you first." I'm a wreck, pent up and confused and needy. He climbs up to kiss me again, I can taste myself on his tongue. "Is that okay?" he asks. I'm disappointed, a little. But honestly, I'm a little relieved too. I'm not sure I want to face his mother over breakfast the day after losing my virginity in her son's bed. Mellark meals are awkward enough. And we're not actually teenagers anymore. "Yes," I whisper. His eyes light up and he strokes my cheek just a moment more before flashing me the most wickedly sexy grin I could ever have imagined. "I'm going to make you come now," he says. "Fantasy number one, the face Katniss Everdeen makes when she comes on my tongue." I want to laugh, but I can't. Not when his tongue and teeth and thick fingers are driving me to the edge. We don't sleep until dawn is already curling over the windowsill. Until Peeta has made me orgasm in three different ways. Until I've stroked him to completion, seen the bliss that renders him the most gorgeous thing in the world. Until we've exchanged breathless I love yous, and promises of always . And when, in the morning, we face his very hungover family, we both know. It's real.