pleasure, and trust that she wouldn't hold it against him. The spectre of the people who had shaped them and hurt them and failed them fell away and together they healed. When the first dandelions of spring started to pop up through the cracks in the pavement Katniss moved in with Peeta more or less permanently. She'd already been staying with him most nights, developing a deep friendship with both Finnick and Annie despite their uncomfortable past. A few months later she began to clean out the rooms in Haymitch's old apartment, which had been sealed since his death. She'd inherited the place, along with everything else Haymitch owned, but had only moved into it after graduation, and had only used the bedroom that had been hers and the kitchen, everything else she'd simply closed off and ignored for almost three years. Peeta held her as she cried and cried, looking through pictures and mementos, pieces of Haymitch's life and pieces of her own lost childhood that Haymitch had tucked aside for her after her mother's death. Peeta helped her decide what to keep and what to get rid of, helped her clean and paint the unit and finally helped her list it for sale. That fall they bought a small condo together, the third floor of a converted brownstone. It had a gourmet kitchen and a spare bedroom with floor to ceiling windows for Peeta's painting studio. Making art for himself, and eventually for commissions, boosted Peeta's confidence immensely. Just after Christmas Katniss announced her intention to step down as CEO of the company she'd inherited from Haymitch. Industry insiders were shocked, she had only held the CEO position for a year and a half, and had been incredibly successful in that time. Peeta wasn't surprised; they'd discussed her career extensively and had planned for months, along with Dr. Aurelius, the steps she needed to take to find fulfillment in her work. She'd been an effective CEO but it had never made her happy. Gale Hawthorne stepped into the CEO role and Katniss took over as director of talent recruitment, a job that both better suited her interests and left her with more hours to pursue her own writing. Life was good, they lived in a city they loved, had jobs they enjoyed and time to indulge in their artistic passions. They were happier and more in love than Peeta had ever imagined possible. But there was one thing missing. He was waiting at the station when she got off the train. They tried, as much as possible, to commute together, but he was working on a project closer to home that month. The walk to their house was quiet. Katniss seemed tired, Peeta was obviously nervous, a kind of unsettled energy thrumming around him as he strolled through the streets of their neighbourhood. "Peeeeeeta..." She said in a sing-song voice. "What are you hiding? You know you can't keep any secrets from me, I can always tell..." He smirked at her. "Not a secret, just a surprise. You'll know soon enough." She groaned. "Better not be a surprise party, Peeta, you know I hate those things." She was scowling, her twenty-seventh birthday was only 3 days away and she must have guessed that was at least partially behind his secret keeping. While he understood her trepidation he wasn't going to let her spoil her surprise, he'd worked too hard on it. He was grateful when she didn't push him any further. When they arrived at the house everything was dark. He held her hand as they made their way up the walkway. As they reached the door she turned to him. "I swear to God if anyone jumps out at me yelling surprise I'm going to break your nose." He laughed; pleased that she remembered the last time they'd had a discussion similar to this one. She was grinning too, but he had no doubt that she was serious. He knew her too well though, knew how much she hated being the centre of attention. No, his plans for her were decidedly more low-key. He directed her to get changed out of her suit, and when she was done led her out onto their small balcony. Strings of white lights were everywhere, wrapped around the railings and hanging from the wall. Their small patio table was set with candles and flowers, and a basket of cheese buns covered with a cloth napkin sat in the middle. Soft music drifted from his iPhone docking station. And overheard a million stars twinkled in the moonless sky. Her breath caught in her throat. "You have a remarkable memory," she said, smiling that soft smile that she only ever showed to him. The one that made him love her. They ate the dinner he'd prepared and danced, the balcony only big enough for the sort of swaying they could almost do on a pie plate, but neither cared. And when the music ended he dropped to one knee, fishing from his pants pocket the ring he'd been hiding from her for months. Peeta was happy when Daddy picked him up from school. Kindergarten was only a half day, so he picked Peeta up in the car, and said they were going out for a special lunch to celebrate his very first day of school, just the two of them while his older brothers were still in class. Over French fries and a milkshake Peeta told his daddy all of the fun things they'd done, the giant easels with smocks and real paint, the room where they could play ball inside on rainy days, and most importantly, all about his new best friend, Katniss. Driving back to the bakery after lunch Peeta was drowsy from the excitement and food, and nodded off. When Graham reached over to gently pull Peeta's thumb from his mouth, Peeta's eyes flew wide open. "Daddy," he said softy. "I think one day I'm going to marry Katniss Everdeen."