up and down, evaluating me with his beady snake eyes. Finding me insufficient. "The rebels are losing, Mr. Mellark," he intones, boredom in his voice. "Heavy casualties in all of the districts. Your dear Miss Everdeen is leading them all to their death." I know that's not true. Katniss is headstrong, but she would never, ever deliberately put anyone in harm's way. She must not know what's happening. She wouldn't support the decimation of humanity. For a few minutes they all seem to forget about me, focused on setting the president up at a podium, fussing over his appearance, simpering and pandering. My attention is held by a bank of monitors, scenes of war, devastation, destruction play on a loop. Death everywhere. A peacekeeper talks in low tones into a strange device. He must not realize that I can hear him. But I can, and as soon as he says 'District Thirteen' my heart starts hammering. District Thirteen is where the rebels are based, where they're apparently keeping my Katniss. They're going to destroy Thirteen. Bomb it, tonight. My mind reels, my heart pounds. It can't be. I must have misunderstood. They promised! They promised if I cooperated that Katniss would be spared! But when have they ever kept their word? When have they ever followed through on a promise? We are victors, Katniss and I, Johanna and Annie too. But are we living the carefree life of a victor, pampered in the lap of luxury? No. Johanna and Annie and I are prisoners, tortured and tormented for Snow's amusement. And Katniss, my Katniss. They're going to kill her, in spite of everything I've done. Everything I've endured. I try to keep myself under control but I'm so angry. So heartsick and angry I feel like I'm going to explode. Snow is speaking at his podium but I can't listen. I can only think about Katniss. I have to warn her. Maybe some of the rebel leaders are watching tonight. But anything I say will be taken out on Annie or Johanna. Or maybe Portia and my prep team, all of whom stand just behind the cameramen, peacekeeper's guns pressed to their skulls. A reminder to me to stay on script this time. The cameraman gestures, and I begin to read the lines projected in front of me, frustration clear in my voice. I tell the camera about the deaths, the destruction all across the country. Then the monitor to my left flashes, and no longer is it me I'm seeing. It's Katniss. A cold horror envelops me. She's standing in a burned-out husk of a building, dressed in black from head to toe. She looks angry. Her lips form my name. She's gone as quickly as she appeared. A voice in my earpiece shrieks at me to keep going. And I try, I do. But within moments the monitor has flashed again. This time Finnick Odair appears. I wasn't sure he had been in on the rebel plans. I guess I have my answer. It's pandemonium in the studio. People yell directions left and right, the monitors keep switching between the live feed of me, staring slack-jawed in front of a map, and shots of Katniss. Katniss, fierce with her bow, taking out a hovercraft. Katniss, tending to the injured in what looks like a hospital of sorts. Katniss, alive and well and clearly working with the rebels. Katniss, who seems just fine without me. For a while, the screen displays only the official seal of Panem, as frantic technicians try to figure out what's happening. Snow barks orders, people scurry around, terror written on their faces. People will die tonight, that much is clear. Finally, the broadcast resumes. Snow plows forward, saying that the rebels are now attempting to disrupt the dissemination of information they find incriminating, but both truth and justice will reign. He turns on me, snake eyes flashing, and asks if, given tonight's demonstration, I have any parting thoughts for Katniss. I blanch, but a new voice through my headset feeds me scripted words. "Katniss… how do you think this will end?" I whimper. "What will be left? No one is safe. Not in the Capitol. Not in the districts." I have a choice to make. One last chance to maybe protect Katniss. To fulfil my final wish, my only wish. But the price will be steep. Not my own life, that no longer has any value. But the lives of all of the people who have ever helped me in any way. The lives of anyone the Capitol can reach and use against me. Strangers. Children. No one is safe. No one will ever be safe, as long as Snow is in charge. That much is heartbreakingly clear. "And you…in Thirteen…" I inhale sharply, fighting for air, fighting for courage. "Dead by morning!" Snow orders, "End it!" I try to continue, to plead with Katniss to get to safety, to save herself and anyone else left. I want to tell her that I love her. That I'm sorry I couldn't do more. But hands pull me from my chair, throw me to the ground. Boots make contact with my traitorous mouth, silencing me. My blood splatters across the tiles. I wake up with my head throbbing and the all too familiar metallic tang of blood on my tongue. But I'm not in my cell. Instead, I'm in an overly bright laboratory. Dr. X. is staring at me with barely veiled disgust. "Such a huge fuss, Mr Mellark," he says. "And all for a girl who doesn't even care about you." I know he's probably right, but it doesn't matter. I did what I needed to do, and I'd do it again and again and again. "Maybe not," I rasp, drawing on the last of my defiance. "But I love her, and you can't take that away from me." He merely smiles, and reaches into the pocket of his lab coat, pulling out a syringe.