desperately. But not like this. January second. The office isn't open today but I head in anyway. After days alone in my house I really need to get out. Maybe I should be surprised to see Katniss sitting on my desk, a pair of red take out cups beside her. But I'm not, despite 5 days of her ignoring my repeated calls and texts. "Hey," she says softly, and smiles, but not the sweet smile I adore. This one is tight, forced. She gestures towards the second cup and I take it with a murmured thanks, perching beside her on the edge of my desk. We stare at each other, both unsure where to start. When she finally speaks it's definitely not what I was expecting. "Gale asked me to marry him." The pain of her announcement is sharp, physical, but when I glance at her left hand it's bare. She notices and shrugs. "I told him I needed time to think." "You can't marry him." "The hell I can't," she snaps. "He doesn't deserve you, Katniss, he doesn't give a damn about what you want, he barely knows who you are." She snorts. "You might as well be describing Glimmer!" she spits and I nod. "We broke up." Glimmer had been more angry than upset when I ended things between us, but she knew it wasn't working. "We were comfortable, but we weren't really in love. We both deserve better." Something flickers in Katniss's eyes, something soft and vulnerable, but she masks it quickly. "So what, I should just dump Gale and come running to your bed now?" I swallow hard against the desire to yell yes, because that's exactly what I want. "I know you feel it, Katniss, I say softly, leaning in, and her pupils dilate. "There's something here." I gesture between us. "Something special. Something more." "I'm attracted to you, yes, but it doesn't mean anything Peeta." "Bullshit!" I roar. "It's more than that and you know it." My hands curl almost involuntarily around her arms and I can feel her trembling. "It isn't Gale you go to when you're excited or sad. And I come to you with everything too. Every time I do something or see something I think, 'I can't wait to tell Katniss.' I know it's the same for you." "It is," she whimpers, and her hand cups my cheek, caresses the stubble there. "But we can't." She drops her hand and twists away. "I'm not going to have an affair, Peeta." "Too late," I grumble and she scowls. "It was only one kiss!" "When you share your life with one person; the triumphs, the failures, the laughter and comfort, but you're fucking someone else... that's an affair Katniss!" The words hang between us and I can see when they register in her mind, when she truly understands what I'm saying. She's gone before I can utter another word. Eventually I message Plutarch, tell him I won't be in for a few days and grab the forgotten cups off my desk as I leave. Hers says Katniss. She transfers to the Policy Unit, down on the second floor. I bury myself in my work. My employees shoot me sympathetic looks but wisely say nothing. I don't reach out to her and she doesn't contact me. But I miss her so much. Our friendship was the best part of my life over the past nine months, and her absence leaves a huge hole. It's early February and a cold rain falls as I sit in my kitchen with tea and sketchbook. It's been a peaceful Sunday, so when there's a knock at the door I almost ignore it. Katniss is standing on my porch, raven hair dripping. I usher her wordlessly into the house, then stand expectantly in the hall. She shifts nervously from foot to foot, looking everywhere but at me. "I'm sorry," she finally whispers at her feet. I stay silent, and after what feels like an eternity she lifts her eyes to meet mine. I'm shocked to see tears swimming in their silver depths. "Katniss?" I question, taking an uncertain step forward. "What is it?" I want to hold her in my arms and take away her pain, weeks of feeling so wounded be damned. "You were right," she says, and the tears overflow, rolling down her cheeks. To hell with the consequences, I surge forward and wrap her in my arms. She lets out a relieved little sob and holds me so tightly. "You were right about me, and about us, and about Gale. You were right about everything, Peeta." Her tears soak my shirt as she confesses; she broke up with Gale a month ago but was too stubborn and too scared to tell me. I kiss her hair and hold her. We rock together in my hallway, and when the storm abates she pulls back to look at me. She's wearing that smile, the one I see in my dreams. The one she saves just for me. "I've missed you so much, Peeta," she murmurs. "Me too," is all I can say. I drop my forehead against hers and feel a month's worth of tension melt away. She's here, my best friend, the woman I'm in love with. "Peeta?" My eyes snap open to lock onto hers, her lips are just inches from mine. "Do you still feel it?" How can she even ask? "Yes," I breathe, and then she's closing the distance between us. This kiss is explosive; months of pent-up longing mix with relief so acute I can taste it. We leave a trail of clothes as we make our way to my bedroom. And as I move in her my lips paint confessions on her skin. Real. A goner. Always. And after, when she looks up at me with lidded eyes and that sweet smile, I know this would have happened anyway. That she is what I need. She's mine. And I'm hers. Always.