making love again before feeding her a huge breakfast, then pampering her all day, as much as she'll allow. But when my eyes spring open it's still night, though a faint glow comes from behind me. I can't suppress the quiet groan of disappointment. "Shhh, go back to sleep Peeta." Katniss's voice, wide awake. I roll over to find her sitting up against the headboard, her bedside lamp on, a notepad in one hand. "What's wrong?" I'm rapidly waking up, usually she wakes me when she's had a nightmare, so it must be discomfort that has her wide awake. As my eyes focus I can see I'm right; her brow is pinched. "Is it your back again?" She shakes her head, and blows out a noisy breath. There's something really wrong. I sit up, leaning in to grasp her arms. "Katniss?" "I think I'm in labour." I understand the words, but it takes several long moments before I figure out their meaning. And when I do I leap off the bed. My prosthetic snags and I barely stop myself from falling face first to the floor, catching myself awkwardly, and then I'm sprinting to the dresser. She calls my name, first quietly, then with growing exasperation. "Peeta!" I stop, whirling to face her, heart hammering, wearing a shirt and socks but nothing else. Her eyes crinkle in amusement. "Come here," she says, reaching a hand to where I stand shaking like a leaf. But she's calm, and it soothes me. I sit beside her, wide eyed and she takes my hand. "Remember what the books said," she reminds me softly. "Labour takes a long time. And I'm not even certain it's real yet." She hands me the notepad she'd been clutching, a list of numbers scrawled on it. No, not numbers, times. 1:47. 2:10. 2:31… and on until 4:25, just five minutes ago. I guess that's what woke me. The most recent times are about fifteen minutes apart. "Why didn't you wake me, Love?" I hate that she's been suffering while I've been snoring away, completely oblivious. "I wasn't sure what was going on. I'm still not," she admits. "But I think they're getting stronger." "What can I do?" All of those tapes, the books, the talks with the midwife, all of it has flown out of my head completely. Katniss merely smiles. "Just hold me," she says. By the time the sun rises it's pretty clear that this is it. I make her a light breakfast, and we chat. It's not much different than a normal Sunday… except it's Thursday, and every ten minutes or so Katniss has to stop and clutch the table, gritting her teeth and breathing hard for a minute. I call Milena at 8:00 and describe the situation, she promises to be by within the hour. When she arrives she helps my wife to the bedroom, examining her and confirming what we already knew: we're going to be parents. Today. (Or maybe early tomorrow she admits, which makes Katniss snarl.) Milena puts a waterproof sheet on our bed and gathers the towels and blankets and other supplies she'll need. Her calm efficiency puts me at ease. Since the beginning, Katniss has been insistent that our baby will be born here, at home, like all of our ancestors were. No health centre. No hospital. So it's reassuring to have Milena here. I'd be lost otherwise. She encourages us to take a nap while we still can, Katniss has been awake for hours already and is exhausted, and the real work is still ahead of her. In the end they were all right: it was nothing like the videos. Thom arrived around dinner time, bearing a casserole his wife prepared, some meat and cheese and noodle dish that no one ate. Katniss laboured all day and deep into the night, pacing when she could, gripping my hand tightly with each contraction. Unlike the shrieking of the videos, Katniss was, for the most part, silent. Low moans, quiet grunts and some tears, but no screaming, no wailing. In fact the only crack in her brave façade came while she was pushing. "I can't," is all she said, tears streaming down her cheeks. I was sitting behind her, supporting her weight, murmuring encouragement in her ear. "Yes you can. You're almost there, you're so incredible, Katniss." I meant every word. The first fingers of dawn were just grazing the sill of our open window when our baby came into the world, not still and silent like my nightmares, but squawking and flailing in righteous indignation. We have a daughter. She's tiny and perfect; ten fingers, ten toes and a shock of dark hair. I'm already in love with her. We've named her Willow. Katniss is a natural. I knew she would be. I'm a little bit of a wreck myself. Willow is so small, so helpless, so completely dependent on us. I'm humbled and awed to be entrusted with the care of this tiny, precious creature who fits snugly in my two hands. We haven't left our room since she was born, hours ago. Milena checked over the baby, took care of Katniss and discretely cleaned up, then brought us up a light meal before leaving. Thom slipped away soon after the birth, to give us our privacy, never having had to intervene at all. Just like Katniss predicted, I kept myself together the entire time. I'm not even sure if I thanked Thom for being here, I haven't been able to tear my eyes away from my family. My family. Katniss and I take turns holding Willow, admiring her, thanking each other for her, laughing and crying. Every time I look at my daughter lying contentedly in the arms of the love of my life I'm filled with a gratitude so huge it threatens to overwhelm me. I am truly happy. Life is good again, in spite of our losses. The future is ours to discover, together. Always.