well it would be better to use it in the labs." She's hedging, trying not to tell me something. I groan. "Spit it out, Prim." Her smile drops. "It's just, well the program, it doesn't work very well on my laptop." Of course the obscenely expensive software I had to buy won't work on the old second-hand laptop that was all I could afford to get for Prim. "That's why I had so much trouble before," she admits. "I couldn't do half the stuff until Mr Mellark showed me how the program was supposed to work." Oh. I guess I should be gratified that she's actually fairly good at this graphic design stuff after all, but mostly I just feel like an ass, again. The computer lab at the college is not what I was expecting. A dozen top-of-the-line computers sit on long polished wood tables, with comfortable chairs set in front of them. I watch Prim work for a while, marvelling at how with a few clicks she makes magic on the screen. But it's been a long day, and a long week, and I can't resist laying my head down on my arm, just for a minute. Apparently a minute turns out to be more than an hour and a half. When Prim gently shakes me awake I have a line of drool snaking down my cheek and my eyes are heavy, blurry. At first I think it's that bleariness that's causing the hallucination regarding me with a gentle mirth. But no, Mr Mellark,Peeta, is sitting beside my sister, and it's clear from his amused expression that he's been there long enough to have seen me slobbering and snoring on the desk. Great. Prim talks a mile a minute at Peeta as she gathers her things, and I try to avoid looking at him. He's even more impossibly handsome tonight in a button down shirt and slacks instead of a bakery tee. He smiles and nods politely at her, but I catch him sneaking glances at me more than once, and I rub my eyes self-consciously. Twice I encounter the hottest man on the planet and both times I look like an idiot. Peeta locks the lab door behind us as we leave, and escorts us out of the building. Prim snatches my keys and runs across the parking lot, I'm too tired to chase her so I follow along slowly. Peeta walks beside me. "She's doing much better now," he says quietly, and despite my discomfort I smile. "Thanks to you. I, um, really appreciate all of the help you've given her." He grimaces slightly. "Actually, it turns out it might have been my subpar teaching after all," he laughs ruefully, and I stop in my tracks, horrified. He stops too, turning to face me. "No," I tell him, "I really didn't mean that, Peeta." A surprised little smile tugs at his lips when I say his name, as if he thought I'd forgotten it. As if I ever could. "You've been amazing with her, she's learned so much." He nods, "but I wasn't paying enough attention, I didn't see that she was having technical issues, and I should have." He's silent for a minute, scuffing the gravel surface of the parking lot with his sneaker. Then he continues. "I'm teaching this class as part of my student teaching requirement for the masters degree I'm taking in art education. And between my course load at school and this place and the bakery, well, I guess I wasn't giving anything my full attention." When he looks up again he locks those blue eyes with my own. As if I could have forgotten how mesmerizing they are. "I should thank you, for pointing out my shortcomings. You probably saved my grade too." I stare at him, searching for any sign that he's making fun of me, but he looks completely sincere. "I know a little about having too many things on your plate," I admit. I feel bad for this guy who's probably just as exhausted as I am, yet he's here, late, helping my little sister again. "I'm sorry I was so rude to you about it." He shakes his head. "If I hadn't dismissed your email…" I reach out and squeeze his arm, stopping his self-degradation in it's tracks. "Katniss," he breathes, and I realize it's the first time I've ever heard my name pass his lips. It sounds so much lovelier on his tongue. "I know we had a bit of a rocky start, but I'd really like to take you out some time, get to know you…" As incredible as that sounds, I know I have zero time for dating. And even if I did, I'm never going to fall in love, so it would be cruel to let anyone think any differently. "I, uh, I don't date," I tell him. But his soft smile doesn't falter. "Do you eat?" I scowl at him. "Of course I eat." I only narrowly resist the urge to add 'duh'. Clearly I'm spending far too much time in the company of a certain 15 year old. "Then eat with me sometime. As friends." "I'm not very good at friends," I admit, but he shakes his head. "I think you're wrong about that. I already like you." "You don't know me," I protest, and he smirks. "Then let me get to know you. I promised Prim I'd help her some more, I already have the software on my laptop at the bakery. How about if you both join me there on Saturday evening? I'll cook for you." Somewhere in the distance the wheezy horn of my old Corolla blares as I look up into the twinkling blue eyes of the most fascinating and infuriating man I've ever met. And though a refusal is on my tongue I find myself instead saying, "Okay." He pushes my messy braid off my shoulder. "You'll allow it?" And I laugh. "I'll allow it."