sit with a coffee and a treat and watch the world go by. It's a good thing I didn't know this place existed before now, I might never have left. Equally attractive is the trifecta of blond men in my midst. Two stand behind the counter, engrossed in low conversation. Peeta, looking even more more appealing than usual in a simple white tee that emphasizes his broad chest and muscled arms. I had no idea he was hiding that under the button down shirts he usually wears to the school. Beside him, a man who can only be his own father - same height, same build, same golden curls, though the elder Mellark's are shot with silver and cropped a little more closely. Clearly the Mellark genes are strong. Either that, or they're cloning themselves in the bakery kitchen. The third Mellark sits at one of the tall tables, busily colouring. The morning sun filters through his hair, haloing him. If this was your only impression of Max Van Allen Mellark, you might think he was an angel. But his brows are drawn together in more than just concentration. Anger, annoyance, and frustration are all painted on his features. Peeta looks up, catches me standing in the doorway and smiles gently. "Hey," he says. "You found us." When Max hears his father's voice, he too looks up, and the angry expression melts away. "Miss Everdeen!" he yells, clambering down from the high stool. "You came to visit!" He skips across the bakery and hugs me tight. "I came to see you, and to bring back your daddy's bag. He forgot it in our class yesterday." Peeta has moved from behind the counter, smiling as he approaches us. Behind him, Max's grandfather just looks stunned. Peeta's mentioned before that Max hasn't bonded well with very many people, but I don't think I appreciated until now just how special the bond he and I have developed is. "Thank you, Katniss," he says softly, those stunning blue eyes warm and welcoming. I know he's not just talking about the satchel. "Will you stay and have breakfast with us?" I don't have a chance to answer before Max is hopping up and down, yanking on my hand to guide me over to the table where he was sitting. "Yes, yes, stay, please!" he chirps. And I can't help but laugh. His enthusiasm is adorable, and all too rare. As I get settled, Peeta asks Max if he'd like to get something for me from the pastry case. Max looks surprised, wary but a little pleased too. It might be the first time I've seen him look at Peeta with anything other than contempt. "What would you like to eat, Miss Everdeen?" he asks. I can't help but grin at his formality. He might not show it, but he's clearly been listening to Peeta serve customers. "What's your favourite thing to eat here, Max?" I ask, and he shrugs, but I'm undeterred. "I'd like to try whatever you like best." He nods, just once, and turns to run behind the counter. "Get one for yourself too, Max," Peeta calls as he walks to the fancy coffee machine, laughing quietly. Peeta returns with two mugs of hot chocolate, and a cup of tea for himself, and Max carries two ceramic plates with all of the precision a six-year-old can manage, proudly setting one in front of me. "What's this, Max?" I ask. It's golden and flaky, covered in a thick layer of bubbly cheese. "Cheese buns," he says, climbing onto the stool beside me. "Hey, you like hot chocolate too?" He gestures to my mug. "It's my favourite!" Peeta watches with amusement as Max nimbly slurps the melting whipped cream from his own mug. Grinning, I pull a corner off the treat sitting in front of me. It smells fantastic. And as the rich, buttery pastry melts on my tongue I can't suppress a groan. "This is fantastic," I sigh. Why didn't I know about this place sooner? "Did you make these?" I tease Max. He shakes his head solemnly. "Would you like to learn how?" Peeta asks his son hesitantly. "It's a very old recipe, my father taught me and your uncles when we were about your age. I'd love to teach you, too." Max looks at him warily. But then he nods, tentatively but still, a nod. Peeta's smile is brighter than the sunlight streaming through the windows, and so much warmer too. "Look Miss Everdeen," Max says shyly. "This is how I like to eat my cheese buns." He tears off little pieces or the bread, dipping them in his hot chocolate before eating them. I do the same, to humour him, and it isn't half bad. I spend another half hour in the bakery in pleasant conversation. Peeta's father wanders over in between customers, he's just as kind and charming as his son. Max continues to act mostly indifferent to his father and grandfather. But I know what I saw. A little flash of hope. o-o-o "Miss Everdeen!" Max practically bursts through the classroom door, charging at me excitedly. That's a good sign I think, especially for a Monday. "Look what I made you!" He's clutching a white paper bag and I know what I'll find inside. The cheese bun is just perfect. "You made that?" Leevy Richards is staring inquisitively over Max's shoulder. He stiffens, but instead of lashing out at her like he typically would, he just shrugs. "Like by yourself?" Leevy can be a little pushy. "My dad helped with the oven, but I did everything else." There's a small, proud smile on his face. Leevy grins too. "He's going to teach me how to make cookies next." My heart feels like it'll pound out of my chest. Max is interacting with one of his classmates in a non-confrontational manner. Maybe even friendly. And even more that that: Max referred to Peeta as his father, for the first time.