He has an uncle who deals with the day to day while Peeta finishes school, something he's doing because he promised his dad he would. But Peeta is the owner, and the one in charge. It goes a long way to explain his maturity. He hasn't been a child in a long time. On the face of it, the story sounds unbelievable. But I know what my eyes are telling me. What my heart is telling me. He may be younger, chronologically. But he's the one with his life together. While I haven't really grown since high school, his life has leapt light years ahead. I sit in silence, picking at the cheese bun - which is incredible but which I can't really enjoy - feeling like a pile of shit. The office door opens. An older man strides in, clapping Peeta hard on the shoulder. "Peet," he says. "Wasn't expecting you today! Glad you're here though, I have those contracts for you to sign." "That's great, Dalton," he says, taking the proffered papers, his lips moving as he skims the words. But then he frowns. "The wage is wrong," he says, pointing. "They're students," Dalton says dismissively, and Peeta's jaw tightens. It's fascinating to watch, even if I don't fully understand. "That's not how we do things here. I pay everyone a living wage." Peeta stands, moving around the desk to take my hand, pulling me out of my chair. "When you've redone the contracts, leave them on my desk. I'll pop in later to sign them before I head back to Dublin." And with that, we walk out, leaving the older man behind. We walk down the narrow cobbled street towards the waterfront, weaving among the tourists, past the harbour before finally stopping at an overlook right at the edge of the village. Peeta sits heavily on one of the empty benches, and drops his head in his hands. I lower myself beside him. "You're a good boss," I say softly, breaking the silence that hangs between us. He doesn't look at me. "The bakery is more than just a job," he says. "It's my father's legacy and my future. I have eight employees who directly depend on me, not to mention the suppliers and lorry drivers and pubs who benefit from my business too." He lifts his head to look out over the water, and the weariness I see in his face speaks to a man with the weight of the world on his shoulders. Yet he's uncomplaining. "I'm sorry," I tell him. "I've never lied to you, Katniss. I might be younger than you thought, but I am exactly the man I said I was, exactly what you saw in Scotland." Wary blue eyes meet my own. "Can you say the same?" My breath catches. It's a valid question. Katniss Everdeen is quiet and closed-off, reserved to the point of unfriendly. Difficult to get to know. Resistant to change. That's not the woman who spent a week adventuring through the Scottish highlands. That woman smiled more, laughed more. That woman tried new things. That woman opened her heart, if only just a little. I shake my head, and his drops again to stare at his lap. The real Katniss Everdeen is the one who left this kind, gentle man standing on an Edinburgh street in the rain, without a backward glance. Right now, I don't like the real Katniss Everdeen very much. He sighs. "My age isn't really a problem, is it Katniss? It's just a convenient excuse. You took off before you knew." He's right. When I really search my heart I know that the age gap between us is just a number. In many ways, in most ways really, Peeta is the more mature of us. The one with his priorities straight, with his shit together. Our ages don't matter at all. After what feels like an interminable silence, he asks, "Why? Why did you leave without a word? I thought there was something between us. Something real." "There is," I whisper, startling myself with my honesty. He glances up at me, confusion in his expression, but also a heartbreaking flicker of hope. "You're right," I tell him. "I was a different person in Scotland. And… and I think I like that person better." I swallow hard. "I like who I am when I'm with you. "Then what's the problem, Katniss?" The hint of frustration in his voice threatens to put me on the defensive. "Your life is here, Peeta! And I live three thousand miles away!" "You're here now," he says. "For four more weeks," I say, and sadness creeps in as I realize that I don't want to leave him again, that even pissed off and hurt and, yeah, young as he is, just his presence makes me feel alive. "And then what?" "Why do we have to figure that out now," he asks. "Why can't we just take it day by day, see where things go. Live without a plan, without a safety net." He reaches for me, cradling my face in his hands, and my eyes slip closed. "Live, Katniss. Be the woman you want to be." What's left of my defenses melt away as he kisses me so softly it's like a dream. My hands wrap around his wrists, holding him in place. Keeping him with me, at least for the moment. I know the only thing really standing between us is my fear. "Okay," I whisper, the words hanging, fragile and afraid, in the space between our lips. "Yeah?" he smiles. And at my nod, he kisses me again. I've wasted so much time living in complacency, afraid of change. But this feels like a second chance. An opportunity to grow and mature, instead of staying safely stuck in the past. And the part of me that is not so brave as I could wish is glad that it's Peeta beside me as I step into the unknown.