the fabric. I can tell she's rubbing her clit and my eyes roll back in my head. Her little mewls of pleasure drive me mad. "Oh fuck, Katniss, please," I beg. "I need to be inside you." Her hand wraps around my cock, pumping me even as she slides the bit of fabric aside. I clutch the bed sheets for dear life. When finally, finally, she sinks down onto my aching shaft, I howl. Her velvet walls grip me. She's so hot, so tight. So perfect. She rides me slowly, swivelling her hips erotically, grinding her clit against my pelvis with every revolution. The ebony curtain of her hair whispers across my chest when she leans forward. This time when I reach for the clasp to her bra she allows it. She knows how much I love to watch her tits bounce while she rides me. I can't keep my hands off those pert swells of firm olive, tipped with flushed nipples that beg for the sting of my fingers. I twist and roll the little buds and she cries out in pleasure. She leans back a little, her thighs gripping me snugly. My eyes are riveted, unblinking, on where we are connected. Watching myself pump in and out, in and out; it's so erotic. Her hand snakes down, her fingers start circling her clit, and I can see her stomach muscles clench, feel the tremor that runs through her. "That's it," I groan. "I want to watch you come." I grip her ass, thrusting as her pace falters. Her beautiful face is twisted in bliss, breasts swaying, fingers circling faster. She moans, the sound is like a lightning rod to my dick and I grit my teeth, trying to stave off my orgasm. I need her to finish first. She shouts my name when she comes. As many times as she's done that it will never, ever, get old. Knowing mine is the only cock she has ever come on, it triggers a wave of possessiveness. Every time. Katniss snuggles against my chest, boneless, and I let her catch her breath for a few moments. But I'm so close, my balls feel like they're full of lead and I'm trying not to squirm. She shifts, pressing kisses against my hot skin, then looks up at me with those shining eyes. She traces my lip with an arousal-soaked finger, and I suck on it greedily. She clenches her walls around me, and I arch in agonized bliss. "Let me fuck you," I beg. She's barely nodded before I've flipped us. I take just a moment to slide those ridiculous panties down her thighs, then I throw her legs over my shoulders, those sexy fuck-me heels by my ears. A fantasy come true. I thrust back into her, hard. "Hang on, baby," I grunt. She murmurs encouragement as I fuck her hard, right on the edge of losing control. Her nails dig into my arms, and I bite her ankle. That's when she starts to chant my name, husky and hoarse, and I come so hard I see stars, pulsing for what feels like forever. I barely stop myself from collapsing and crushing her. But I mange to pull each of her legs from my shoulders, lay open-mouthed kisses up each calf, behind each knee, graze the insides of her thighs with my stubble. She squirms and laughs, and I join her, flopping onto the pillow beside her and wrapping my arms around her. We lie in silence for awhile. "I should go blow out the candles," she groans. "I'll get them, Love," I tell her. It only takes a few minutes to extinguish the candles scattered throughout our home, but I marvel at the planning that she put into this utterly perfect evening. Shopping for the dress and shoes and that incredible lingerie, burned into my memory forever. Leaving work early. Picking up the stew from Sae's, which doesn't even have take out. The flowers. The music. A huge amount of planning for a holiday she doesn't even believe in. I crawl into bed beside her, grasp both of her hands in mine. "I'm absolutely not complaining, Katniss," I murmur as I kiss her fingers. "But what brought all of this on?" "I wanted you to have a real Valentine's day," she mumbles. "You hate Valentine's day," I whisper, freeing my hands to stroke the curve of her spine, the swell of her ass. "I do," she sighs. "But I love you, Peeta Mellark. And it's important to you-" I cut her off. "You are important to me. Nothing else matters." She smiles softly. "I know, you're always so good to me. And I just minimize the things that you want. That's not fair." "What's not fair is expecting you to be someone you're not," I remind her. "I love you, all of you, just the way you are. Always." "Maybe we can compromise," she says. "Maybe you can do the sweet, romantic things and I can try to be more appreciative." I laugh. "Deal," I say, rolling to pin her under me again. "And Peeta," she says so seriously that I pause. "Maybe we can talk about that ring in your drawer?" I blanch, fully expecting her to be upset. But she smiles up at me, loving and luminous. "Ask me," she whispers. I kiss her, hard. "Marry me?" I breathe against her lips. She nods. "Really?" I can't help asking. She laughs at me, but it's affectionate. I kiss the end of her pert nose and leap off the bed. Her laughter grows as I strut, naked, to the dresser. When I return, I kneel beside the bed and ask her again, just for the pleasure of hearing her say yes. She gazes at the simple solitaire I slide on her finger; sweaty and disheveled, wearing nothing but shoes and a smile. And while it's not the romantic proposal I had planned, it couldn't be more perfect. Compromises.