one of the sturdy branches of the apple tree and landed in front of him, delicate as a cat "Katniss," he gasped, cringing at the breathiness of his voice. He'd said her name a thousand times before, in the mirror practising what he'd say to get if he ever had a chance, in his bed under the cover of darkness, and it gave him a thrill every time. The name was as unique and beautiful as its bearer, who stood in front of him, silver eyes sparkling in the moonlight. "Until yesterday I wasn't certain you knew my name," she said softly and his jaw dropped. His first inclination was to make a joke, being self-deprecating was his nature, but the girl of his dreams was standing in front of him and it was his last chance. He took a step closer, and then another, closer than they'd ever been before, so close that he could touch her if he just lifted his hand. She held her ground. "Of course I know your name." His eyes were huge with shock, surely she'd noticed the way he had always stared at her. "I haven't been able to take my eyes off you for years." She regarded him with confusion, her lush lower lip trapped between teeth that glowed in the moonlight. "And you decorated a cake with my namesake flowers because…" she prompted. He swallowed hard. "I've wanted to talk to you forever." "You made a special cake just so that I'd come talk to you?" He nodded, watching her intently. When her face twisted into the scowl that was practically her trademark it wasn't exactly the response he was hoping for. "I come to the bakery every week, Peeta. I've been doing it for years. You could have said hello any time." She looked down at her feet. "Surely that would have been easier." He laughed, and her head snapped up to regard him. "I guess I've never done things the easy way." A little smile played on her lips at his words. It gave him the courage to continue. "I.. I noticed you on the first day of school. And when you sang the Valley Song in music assembly that day... I was a goner." Her eyebrows shot up at his words, her expression one of disbelief. He crept closer still, until she had to tilt her face upward to look at him. The moonlight played across her face, making the smooth olive skin glow, lighting her eyes on fire. "I haven't stopped noticing you since. And for the past thirteen years I've tried to work up the nerve to talk to you." "Why now then?" He swallowed hard. "I… I thought it might be my last chance. School is done, now that the Reaping is over." She nodded. "But I'll still be here, to trade…" Her voice trailed off, and he knew she'd guessed he was holding something back. "I thought Gale would ask you to marry him today, after the Reaping," he admitted quietly. "He did." How could two words hold such a world of pain? His heart felt like it had seized in his chest. He was too late. He was finally talking to her, and it was too late. "Congratulations," he said dully, and she snorted, an amused little sound so at odds with the ache in his soul his mouth dropped open. "I said no. Gale is my best friend, that's all. I don't think of him that way." Peeta looked up at her with confusion. "Does he know that?" At that she laughed, and it was so musical he nearly forgot his pain. He couldn't remember ever hearing her laugh. He wanted to hear it again and again. "He does, yes. I think…" she trailed off, worrying that soft peach lip again and his eyes were drawn to her mouth. "It was expected, I think, that he'd ask me. It's what his mother wants. Mine too, maybe. But it isn't really what he wants." She inched even closer, so close that he could see the freckles that dotted her nose, the wisps of hair curling around her ears that his fingers itched to tame. "He's a good friend, Peeta. A good partner. And maybe, maybe before that would have been enough." "Before what?" he whispered, his lips so close to hers that he could think of nothing but how much he wanted to kiss her. "Before I saw your cake." His confusion was written on his face, but when she raised a hand to smooth the worry line between his brows it was replaced by an expression of utter awe. "Before I realized that the boy I like might like me back." He caught her hand in his own. "Katniss," he said, and it was a question. A plea. She smiled then, dazzling and bright. "I've noticed you too, Peeta. You're a baker. You're a painter. You never take sugar in your tea. And your bedroom window is always open." And then he kissed her. Her squeak of surprise morphed into a sigh. One hand cradled her face, the other wrapped around her waist, pulling her in, pressing them together. When her fingers twisted in his curls it was his turn to whimper. When they finally broke apart they were both grinning shyly. "Katniss, can I, I mean, I'd like to, uh, if you'll allow it…" he was flustered, but she merely smiled, amused. "Dinner. My house. Tomorrow. You have to meet my family, properly. Bring your father too." Then with one last peck on his lips she darted off down the alley behind the bakery, leaving Peeta dazed, wondering if it was real. She stopped suddenly, glancing over her shoulder. "Hey, Peeta?" she called. "Yeah?" He called back, absolutely uncaring of the fact that it was nearly midnight and he'd be disturbing his neighbours. "Bring dessert." She winked at him, and then she was gone. He knew exactly what he would bring.