his lips, too. Maybe he thinks about what they do every winter, thinking of what else they could do. "Do you think about..." she falters, annoyingly. She's got to get over this word phobia. "Sex?" She surprises a laugh out of him. "Yes." She blushes. "With me?" He gives her an incredulous look. "Who else would I have sex with?" "Those other girls you have sex with." He rolls his eyes at her. "I haven't done anything with a girl since last winter." Her eyes grow. "You mean - " "Does that surprise you?" Blood rushes to her head. Her eyes stick to his lips, and she wishes that Peeta hadn't kissed her earlier. She takes a step toward him. And one step more, because why not? She has the herbs in her pocket, and they, if nothing else, edge her forward. "No," she answers him, a slight space between their boots. He's tall - he's at least a head taller then her, and she has to cock her head up at an angle to look directly at him. She can tell he's unsettled by her closeness, though she's not sure why; he's always the one to start these kinds of things. Before he can answer, she pushes onto her toes and wraps her hands around his face. She kisses him. For a few seconds. He breaks away and looks at her in shock. "What are you doing?" His tone is breathless, which means some part of him enjoyed it. His words, however, are discouraging. "Kissing you?" she says. "What the hell did Peeta say to you?" he asks, almost rhetorically, eyes taking on a slow burn before he kisses her again. Really kisses her. She feels it in her knees, then her head. It urges a moan out of her. His hands hold her in place, then they roam, making quick work of her sweater, going for her pants. She tries to take off his jacket and shirt, but before she does, she stops him. "Gale," she says. "I, um, I have something..." She bats his hands away from her cargo pants, taking out the small bag quickly from her pocket. She avoids his eyes, toying with the tiny capsule of plastic. Gale stares at her. "Is that - " "I need to talk to you about something," she interrupts. He snatches the bag out of her hand, grinning. "Why didn't I think of this before?" He glances back to her, and sobers up at her look. "Not that I would have asked you about..." "Sex?" she tries, a slight, triumphant smile tugging at her face. He keeps the bag in one hand, placing his hands on her hips and pushing her against him. "Yeah, sex." "The real kind." He gives her a funny look. "The real kind?" She falters. "You know...the kind where we actually..." He lets her flounder for a few long seconds before he gives a short laugh. "I know," he says, leaning into her further. "I wanted to ask you about it." He stares at her thoughtfully, before finally answering. "It's hard to explain..." he says. "But I can show you." That is what she ultimately wanted, considering her vigilant laboring to get that damn bag. It seems he knows that, too, with the way his eyes rove over her. She leans in a bit further to kiss him, but he stops her. "It - " he hesitates. "It'll change things." His voice is hopeful, in its subtle way. His timbre gives him away, with how it lingers on the syllables. Katniss hasn't thought too hard about the after. But if she's willing to admit, she already knew. This was years in the making. She answers by taking the small bag in his hand, slipping the tiny pinch of herbs between her finger and thumb, and she shoves it into her mouth, swallowing hurriedly before the bitter taste overwhelms her. He's watching her as if he's seeing her for the first time. "Shit, Katniss," he breathes, and the bitterness on her tongue is taken by sweetness. He isn't slow and gentle like the last two times. He kisses her like he's devouring her, taking over her mouth like he's been starving for a year. Their clothes rip off, neither sure nor caring where they go, as long as they go. Her back is on the ground, then her chest is pressed against his, and she moves like she's stealing him from the world. Pressure building between their skin, on their skin, inside their skin. Her stomach drenches in heat, his own pushing against her with his quick breaths. Her mind doesn't know what she's doing, but her body does, and her hand grabs him as she watches his eyelids fall half-way, listens as he says her name with a low, primal pitch. She breathes it in, feeling it hit her heart and her stomach and the most intimate parts of her. Her back arches. His hands grip the back of her head as they fall into a deep kiss. They show each other what the real kind turns out to be. It's new to both of them. "You think we can do that all the time?" Gale asks her as they lie together, free and open and dazed. "Mm," she says. "I guess." "You guess?" "Those herbs were hard to get." "...you know how sexy that was?" "What?" "Stealing birth control from your mom." "...really?" He looks down at her face, then at her body, then at her lips. He rolls her around and kisses her. And they do it all over again. Katniss caves later, when winter isn't around. And Gale's right. Things do change - if only a little. The only thing that really changes between them is the sex. Gale would beg to differ. He tells her that she looks at him differently. Katniss still remains adamant that she has no idea what he's talking about. But Gale knows. So does winter.