she is, with her hands on her hips, looking down at him. But he knows she's scared, she has to be, totally clueless to what's really wrong with him as she bites the inside of her lip. "Remember a few hours ago?" he says, tone riddled in sarcasm. "You want to chance that, Catnip?" She tries to hide her flinch. She isn't good at it. "You probably won't be able to learn how to control yourself around people if you stay in this forest, though, right? There's no people for you here to be tempted by...their blood." He blinks at her. He hadn't thought of that. Was his entire plan in vain? Would this time secluding himself be more detrimental than helpful? He bares his teeth more, feeling the canines poke at his bottom lip. He doesn't mean to be so angry, but now he can almost taste her on the air, and all she does is stand there like she knows what's running through his mind when she doesn't. He holds up the broken animal in his right hand, letting the limp arms and innards dangle in her view. "This is my temptation. And this is what it becomes. I'm going to control it in this forest by myself. I can use these animals. I'm not going to use you." Her lips thin, and she stares at him hard. Her eyes linger on his teeth. "I'm not going to let you go through this alone." "You don't know what I'm going through. You don't have to know." "Yes, I do. Stop acting like you're stronger than you are, Gale." "I'm not acting like that at all!" he shouts at her. His eyes keep straying to the fluttering pulse on her neck. It betrays her bravado. She's as frightened as anyone else would be. He decides to use it. "I'm weak," he stresses. "I can't contain myself, can't you see?" He gestures to all the hollowed animals surrounding him. "I look at you, and half my thoughts are wondering what you taste like. The other half just wants to rip you into a million pieces." A shadow passes over her face. Then she glares at him, and he's ready for her to say something along the lines of, stop being dramatic, or, I know that's not what you're thinking . Instead, she surprises him and holds out one of her arms. "Then do it," she says. "Break my arm. I want to see you do it." He feels this strange rush of adrenaline. He follows the line of her arm and has to fight the impulse of actually going through with it. He wants to touch her skin. He wants to peel it back and analyze how she works inside. He closes his eyes. "You're scared shitless, Katniss. Get out of here." "You'd do this if it was me." She says it like it's an answer to everything. He'd laugh if he wasn't so sad. His body twitches involuntarily at her rising blood pressure. She notices. "Leave." " No. " A slow line of sweat has progressively formed along his forehead. His breath comes out shallow, and he doesn't know when he began to stare at her wrist, wondering at its thinness. He mutters nonsense as he tries once more to demand her to leave. His body moves forward. She takes a step back. "You're not going to scare me into running away," she keeps on. He can hardly hear her. "You're not going to kill me." His mind gets stuck on the word. You're not going to kill me. He rushes forward and grasps her wrist, and she gives a surprised, strangled cry. Then his teeth imbed into that one, thick vein, and she's so warm and delicate and vibrant as she slides down his throat. Lights hit the back of his eyes in blissful bursts. Katniss pushes at him, grasping at his hair and trying to leverage him off of her. "Gale, Gale, stop it! Stop it! Get off." She heaves one more shove against him before collapsing. His sane mind is hazy and pressured into hiding, but he pushes against the force. He puts in practice what he did before when he was tempted, in reverse. The ache comes first. Then the anger, mixed with the guilt. Then the repulsion. The disgust, the You don't need it. Why do you want this, anyway? It all happens in a second. Her pulse slows, bordering on lethargic. And then he pulls himself away. Her legs shake, and she crumples to the ground. He follows her, folding his arms behind her back. His horrification subdues all other impulses that he has. He cups her cheek in his left hand, slapping it when her eyes close. "Shit, Katniss. Stay with me. Please stay with me." He grabs her wrist that's still weakly bleeding. He squeezes it, then fears he'll break her bone. He rips off part of his shirt and wraps it tight around the wound. He pushes back her hair and holds her face, saying nonsensical things until her eyes flicker open. "Stupid, Katniss, you're so fucking stupid," he breathes out, her eyes trying to focus on him. "You should have listened to me. I told you to listen to me." She tries to lift her hand but he catches it, forcing it back down. She blinks slowly. "You're bleeding," she says. At first, he thinks she's delusional. Then he feels a burning warmth on his face. He reaches up and wipes away dark blood. He trails his fingers up more and finds out that his eyes are hot and stinging, the blood trail starting from his eyelids. He wipes roughly at them, refusing to believe that he's this emotional, and too worried to care why it is blood and not water. Katniss watches him, still blinking too slowly. "I told you I trusted you." He can't come up with a decent reply. She closes her eyes and falls asleep.