Ms. Trinket announces. "Meanwhile, in class we shall be constructing the set." The rest of the class seemed to flash by. It was painless as it usually was, except there was the hint of anxiety that each of my classmates seemed to hold. As I made my way out of the classroom, I lost sight of Gale and Madge and was granted a new problem. "What part are you gonna do, Katniss?" Cato. I did my best not to throttle him. "Are you really talking to me?" Cato snorted, his blue eyes flashing. "Yeah, I am. Don't worry, I learn from my mistakes." "Good, there may be hope for you yet," I say briskly. "Right. Really, what part?" "I don't know." "Well…" He looked me up and down, his expression unreadable. "I could sort of see you as one of the main chicks." I raise an eyebrow, not halting in my step. "'Chicks'?" I repeat dryly. Was this guy for real? "Uh. Yeah." He was very good with sentences at times, I must say. "Well, it doesn't really matter. I'm gonna do a small part, like Gale," I add. "Is he your boyfriend?" Cato presses, his tone changing. "No. He's my cousin," I said icily. "I'm not looking for a boyfriend either." Cato is silent for a few seconds before he spoke again. "Why?" "Because all the guys here excluding a couple are jackasses. For example: you," I speed up in my pace, spotting the top of Gale's face. His eyes were looking over everyone's head, and I knew he was searching for me. Even though I acted calm and collected on the outside after hearing Cato's question, I thought about it hard. Its true, most of the guys here were annoying and douches. There were a bit of exceptions though. Including Gale and the nice guys and the guys who had never spoken to a girl before. "I'm not that bad," Cato protested. I roll my eyes. "Please tell me something more believable." I hear Cato grind his teeth together. "Careful, Cato-cat, you might ruin your perfect teeth," I couldn't help but say sarcastically. I heard him let out a sharp breath. "What type of guy are you looking for?" "Not someone like you," I replied easily, ducking behind someone's outstretched arm to get to Gale's side. "Ha, we thought we lost you, Katniss." Gale laughs, patting my hair. I scowled. "Seriously, Gale? The hair ?" Gale smirks and we being walking side by side. "Where's Madge?" I ask. Gale purses his lips, brushing a hair out of his eyes. "She went to the washroom, told me not to wait up. Then, she told me to get you and meet her at the courtyard where we can all hang till next period." "Wow, very bossy," I said, jokingly, of course. Gale snorts. "Don't need to tell me that." We both laugh. Driving home in my car on a Saturday night, I turned on the radio so I didn't feel so alone in such a small empty space. A song blared on the radio, one I didn't know. It sounded nice though. I looked out of the window and saw a man stumbling in the dark. He looked like he was drunk. Only when he looked up did I recognize him. Mr. Mellark, again . I wondered why I kept seeing him outside of school. Then, I shook the thought out of my head. They were all purely chance meetings. Plus this was only the second time I've seen him. I decided that I had to help him out so I stopped the car and parked. My teacher stumbled over and I saw that his blue eyes were blurry. "Hey… You are my student…. Right?" His voice was a unfocused one. "Yeah, I'm Katniss." "Katniss…" Then, he slumped down on the road and I was forced to pull him onto the sidewalk. Deciding I couldn't just leave him there, I somehow managed to drag him into my car and into the passenger seat. I strapped on his seatbelt and drove. I wondered where I was driving to, I didn't know where he lived. I could take him to my place… But what would I tell my mother? Plus, I didn't want Prim to see someone drunk. That's when Mr. Mellark spoke. "My face… It feels… So sticky!" He murmured, still sounding half asleep and a lot drunk. I looked over at him and realized that his face was, in fact, sticky. It looked liked he'd fallen into his own puke after drinking too many shots. I looked away and tried to not think of that again. "Mr. Mellark? I am going to take you to my house… Because, I don't know where you live… And I know where I live, so…" I tried to sound as comforting as I could, but I felt so out of place. I hardly ever spoke to teachers, really. I just got called on in class and that was it. "Okay... Mom," was his response. Mr. Mellark then decided to take a nap. He was a very loud sleeper, his snores were louder than the radio, so I decided to turn off the radio because the two sounds gave me a headache. Author's Note: Well, just for starters let me say that I'm not the greatest at updating very quickly... Alright, so how do you like this so far? I hope it seemed alright for all you. Oh, and KATNISS AND CATO ARE NOT GOING TO BE INVOLVED ROMANTICALLY! Glad I got that out of the way :) This story is basically dedicated to eekabeeka since she gave me the idea of a student/teacher relationship. To her, let me say I'm sorry I haven't uploaded this sooner :( Okay, well, please review to tell me how I'm doing and what you'd like to see in the next chapter and follow this story if you'd like to see more. So take care till next time :)