I break down into sobs again as I hear the door slam. I don't know where he's taking my baby. "How can you do this to me?!" I wail again, I grip the sheets of the bed and toss around fiercely. "You're too young to be a mother, Katniss," she tries to explain but I shake my head in wrath. "You have no right to take her, she's mine!" I protest. But it's no use. She's gone. The little girl I got to hold for a second. My daughter. "She was crying…babies cry when they're hungry. I have to go get her…she needs my milk…" My words are so masked with tears it's hard to understand. "Katniss, don't think about it. It's just going to make it harder for yourself." She doesn't get it. How can she not get it? She's had two babies. Two girls. How can she not get it? Meadow is gone. The light, it has been put out, but then I realize I was never out of the darkness. My daughter. I give up fighting. I give up trying to object. I give up trying to make any sense of this, any reason at all. I have nothing left. I am nothing right now. My mother says a few more words to me but I can't hear her. I can't process anything, it's all the same. It's all fuzzy. I notice her hand stroking my cheek but I feel nothing. I stare past her, looking at the wall. The pain has returned and this emotional pain is even worse than childbirth itself. My mouth hangs open and my eyes squint. I am dead. They killed me. I'm nothing but a piece of flesh. My organs function but my soul is gone. "Prim," I barely hear her say as she stands up. My mother leaves the room and soon enough Prim appears beside me. But I can't do it. I can't be strong for her this time. Her frightened face; she takes my hand. She rubs my arm and gets my mother when it's time to deliver the afterbirth. Prim stays by my side and my mother tells me to push one more time. I am not sure if it hurts worse because of the physical pain, or because my baby's been stolen right out of my own arms. Actually, the pain is all the same. I can't tell what is what. And I can't even scream again, I have no voice left, no energy. I just lay there, holding Prim's hand as the placenta comes out. My mother gets rid of it and comes back with a needle and string. "I didn't realize how badly you tore…you're going to need stitches. Many." I don't look at her. The blank expression on my face doesn't change. I don't care what she does. What does she want? My permission? I've been violated a million times. What's one more? "Prim…" our mother says grimly with her hands between my legs, ready to pierce my skin. It is a warning. She shakes her head strongly, "I'm not leaving Katniss." I slowly turn towards her; she is too young to take care of me. She looks at me, and though I can't speak she knows that I will be okay. But she shakes her head again. "I'm not leaving you." I squeeze her hand and close my eyes, waiting for the first stick. "Take a deep breath," she says and I lie still. The needle penetrates me but I don't feel it. I am trying to piece together what has happened. In quick flashes I relive it. Pain. Hours of agony. Suicide. I wanted to die. I wanted to cut my own throat. Baby. She came out. Bloody and screaming but perfect. She was perfect. Meadow. Gone. They held me down. Huck ripped her from me. They held me down. They stole my baby. I screamed for her. I screamed her name. She helped him. I will kill her. My baby is gone. Meadow. Meadow. My baby is gone. My daughter is gone. Where is a knife so I can cut my throat? Meadow. Let me die. I open my eyes and see Prim still next to me. My sweet girl. "I love you," she quietly tells me. I blink. Then I look down at my mother. She is still working but looks up and stops. She knows that I will never forgive her. Then she goes back to suturing my raw flesh. I begin to feel the needle sticking but it is over a minute later. My mother stands up and I don't fight her when she lays a thick cloth under me. "You're going to bleed a lot, it's normal but don't get out of bed. If you need to go to the bathroom, I'll help you." "Don't touch me," I say. She stares at me for a moment and then disappears. Once she's gone Prim brings me some water but I turn away. She stands there quiet for a moment. "What was it?" she asks innocently. I don't answer her. I roll over to face the window. I'm sorry, Prim. Then I feel her get into bed with me. There's not much room and the sheets are still soaked with my bodily fluids but I guess she doesn't mind. I'm thankful that I'm not alone. "Little duck," my raspy voice croaks, "love you." She rubs my back with one hand. And then I start to cry again. Then she sings to me and I fall asleep. I haven't slept in days. I am fifteen years old. My mother's husband rapes me. He has for almost a year. And I just had a baby. Had. She's gone. Sorry, sad beginning. It gets better, but not for a while...but I swear it does get better. Hopefully I haven't scared all of you away. If I get enough reviews I'll post the next chapter sooner rather than later. THANK YOU XO