allows, wishing her voice had more conviction. Gale grins just slightly, enough for her to see the tips of his teeth under his lip. "I didn't think you'd admit it." Yeah, me either, she thinks. "You made it hard not to." At this, he really grins. "Now all you have to do is go to the slag heap with me," he says. She thinks it might be her face that pulls out the, "I'm just kidding," from him, even though she isn't certain if he is kidding. Not with the new way he looks at her. And she's...totally okay with that. "Does it only have to be at the slag heap?" She blames the new necklace he had given her for saying that. Not that she'd take it back, now. Not after watching his face, jaw going slack. "What?" She smiles. "I'm just kidding." She goes to swim past him, but he grips at her arm. "I don't believe you." "Believe what you want." "When'd you get so sassy?" It's the necklace! her mind screams. Or it's the way his hand feels, her heart screams. She floats back toward him from the pull he gives her arm. "I've always been like this." "No," he says. "You've been acting funny lately. And I've been so stupid to not realize why." She blinks, and her smile starts to fall. "Me? You're the one that was acting funny…" "Really?" he says, and she's right up against his chest now, fingers curled around her wrist like steel. "Because I smiled once at Madge?" When he says it like that, it does sound slightly ridiculous. "But…" "Now I know why. You were jealous ." The hair raises on her back like Buttercup's does when she scares him. "Jealous? What are you saying?" "You don't think so? Then prove it," he smirks. "Explain why you've been so weird this past month." Her mind flits to June twenty-third, the day she watched in utter confusion and agony as Gale smiled at Madge. She remembers what she felt that day, as if it was a needle, but it wasn't jealousy. It couldn't have been jealousy. She refuses to think it might have been jealousy, because… "Because you're mine," she mumbles under her breath, her thoughts tumbling out of her mouth. Gale's eyebrows furrow at her, before his mouth opens for him to speak. But she suddenly can't take all this touching and talking about feelings that they never talk about. She leans forward, lips hitting their mark, meshing against his and his teeth before he reacts, his palm slipping away from her wrist to her waist. She reaches up and pushes against the top of his shoulders, pulling him closer and giving herself added height, though in the back of her mind, she's not completely sure what she's doing or if she's doing it right— But Gale holds her up, anyway, not acting like she's doing something wrong, not correcting her at all—and she's just a little proud of herself. Then a little more when she realizes she's flush against Gale's chest and how he's not producing any indication that he's going to let her go. Maybe all those daydreams helped—not that she thought about them enough to help. But she always did wonder what his hair felt like, in between her hands. The sensation gets him growling. "Catnip," he breathes. "I was right." The remark is enough for her to stop kissing him, but she backs away only an inch. "Shut up." He smiles. "You know it's true." "Does it matter?" There's a beat of silence from him. "Yes." She rolls her eyes. "Cherish it. This is the only time you'll be right." "You were curious, too." "Do you want me to stop?" "You won't," he says, smug. "You like it too much." She raises an eyebrow. "If this is what all those girls were talking so much about, I still don't understand why—" He cuts her off by kissing her again, fingers digging into her wet skin. "We've barely started," he says against her mouth. She says something unintelligible. Then she thinks about what she's daydreamed about, and she swears the water around her feels like it'll start to boil. Gale gives her a small smile at her face, kissing her again, tilting his head and doing something funny with his tongue. The feeling pulls at her stomach, twisting it into knots. She pushes past the sudden haziness, trying to mimic him. One of his hands starts to mess with a piece of her loose clothing, though he does nothing else. She wonders for a moment if she wants him to do something else, to do all the things she hasn't done. But the thought leaves her breathless (or maybe it's just kissing). He breaks free from her a moment later, as if sensing her thought process, giving her that look. That's all it takes to make her think that she might know why those girls were so crazy about this, now. "Okay," she gives in, lips moving abruptly. "I like it." His smugness notches up a hundred watts. "Remind me to get you presents more often." She goes to knuckle-punch him in his chest, but he stops her, his palm catching around her wrist. She glares, and he smiles, and he halts her glaring by kissing her neck. "Gale," she forces herself to say. "This isn't...this isn't going to change my mind." He stops, but only briefly. "I know. It's not going to make me stop trying." Katniss' toes twinge. All she can do is nod, his lips traveling from her ear to her shoulder. And she absently thinks that maybe Madge is a decent gal, after all. That, and she's even happier that Gale didn't get Reaped. She turns and kisses him hard, biting at his bottom lip. He grips her forcefully, almost dragging them underwater. She's got this insatiable feeling that they'll be doing this much more often. She's totally okay with that.