shaking his head. "I'm glad you're here." Her tongue feels fat and clumsy in her mouth, and her hands grab at a loose thread at the bottom of her shirt. "Are you excited for the wedding ceremony?" He eyes her. "I don't know." "Is Claire?" "She's more animated than I am. It's easier for her to feel things. To smile. She's lively." "Do you love her?" She asks, surprising herself. If Gale's surprised he doesn't show it. Instead, he only looks over her. "Why is it that you stopped by? It wasn't to play twenty questions." "Maybe it was." "You're a terrible liar." His demeanor makes her bristle, as simple as flint and rock. She's suddenly very angry. "Why didn't you keep asking me?" "Asking you what?" "To be your family." He stares at her and gazes at her. It's almost stony, but she realizes it's because he's hiding away from her. He leans forward. "Because thinking about you trapped in something you hated made me sick. Thinking that I'd be the reason made it worse. Can you imagine? We'd begin to despise each other, wouldn't we?" he looks away. "I didn't want us to come to that." "I couldn't hate you." He softens. "You don't know that, Catnip." "You don't know, either." "Too late now, isn't it?" Their knees bump again. The contact lingers. She reaches and traps his face in her hands, and she presses her lips against his, soft and close-lipped. His lips are chapped and worn, and he moves slowly along with her, following her lead. "I had to know," she says, settling away from him. "I had to kiss you, just once." "Just once?" "I have to go," she says, beginning to panic, but it takes her a long time to get up. He grasps her forearm. "If I didn't ask you to marry me, would you still be mine?" "Gale, Claire loves - " "I've known her six months," he says. "I've known you seven years." They stare at each other. This is the reason she came here in the first place. "I'd still be yours," she whispers. He wraps her into him, and she claws at his shoulders. "I've missed you," he says. Her mouth goes dry at his words. "Is...Claire..." "I broke it off a week ago." She breaks away from him, jolting. "What?" He eyes her cautiously, though his arms are still around her loosely as he shifts his weight. "I wanted to be...I wanted it to be something that it wasn't, so badly ," he says. "Forcing it to be that made it all worse." She stares, then her face twists into an ugly, lopsided grimace. She hits him hard in the shoulder twice before he catches her hand. She nearly starts with her left, but it finds the juncture of his shoulder and his neck, and her fingers feel the beating of his heart underneath his skin. "You didn't tell me that. I thought you really loved her. After everything..." "I wanted to," he answers, then shrugs. "I wanted a lot of things that she couldn't give me. And with you living here. Well, it wouldn't be easy seeing you passing by every day, knowing you were so close. Maybe if I lived far away from here, Claire and I would work like it should've." Her stomach twists and blisters and claws at his words. "You're supposed to have a family, Gale." He doesn't take long to answer her, and she suddenly suspects him of having thought about this for a good length of time. "I already have one," he says as he gazes at her, brushing her cheek with his fingertips. She bites her lip to keep the tears at bay. She thinks back on the month just passed, the tumultuous feelings she had and is still having. They tangled her up into a wretched mess, but it awakened a clarity in her, of herself, that she's never quite grasped a hold of before. She believed she was aware of everything there was to know years ago, yet she unconsciously shoved all the difficulties away with such force that she crippled her ability to see without bending the truth. Denial , she thinks, as her mind replays Prim kissing Rory after the Games, for all to see, fighting her tears, and then later, when she gently took his arm and told him she'd try to heal the scar tissue the best she could. Perhaps her and Prim aren't so different. Gale's palm is warm, and the warmth expands to her neck. This , her mind speaks. This is what I want. She kisses him, mouth bereft of experience or knowledge, but it opens under the insistence of his, his tongue brushing hers and touching her teeth while she finds blind courage with the feeling, exploring his own. They break off after a while, managing to stay near the vicinity of the stairs on the porch. When she catches most of her breath, she says, "I really didn't like her." "I would never have guessed." His voice is tinged with sarcasm, but then he says,"Sorry I didn't tell you sooner, about the wedding." "Why didn't you?" "I guess..." He starts. He doesn't struggle with his words. "I needed to know what you felt, so I could know if you would ever come to me by yourself." He grins. "Not that I wouldn't have been dogging your heels afterward, but..." "I should be so angry at you right now," she says in answer. Then she turns and kisses him again. She'll kiss him tomorrow, too, and the day after that, and the day after that. Maybe in the future, she'll even ask him to marry her, and they'll share bread in the woods and toss the rest into a hearth inside a home by themselves, blazing with a crackling fire that consumes them. It doesn't sound so bad, when she truly thinks about it. It doesn't sound bad at all.