to hug Veronica – taking the long way and brushing up against my arm as she passes – and I stare off through the front door she so graciously left open, refusing to adjust from my wall-leaning position. Santer begins to trail off of her attention-high and remember the only reason she's here. Turning – with as many loud footsteps as physically possible in such a small movement – she plays up a shocked expression, "WELL, I have my work cut out for me don't I?" This encourages me to channel Dawnella's eyeroll in a similar show of 'Certainly pleased to see you again' . Santer saunters towards my face, to a significant degree of closeness, and similarly moves to retrieve her makeup kit. I begin to refuse any assistance getting ready but Veronica and Santer argue with me on every point and eventually I just give in. Veronica finishes another strawberry and answers a call, leaving the kitchen entirely and leaving me alone with.. Yeah. Sitting in front of Santer while she plucks away my eyebrows doesn't particularly make me enjoy her being here much more. We progress various stages of my face in silence until thankfully Brandley pops in through the open door. "You know this is a security risk right?" Brandley's eyebrows suddenly becoming more sensitive to gravity than the rest of his face as he continues questioning, "Where's Veronica? I just saw the camera crew coming up the stairs, do you want me to stall them? Do you need me to get you anything?" These questions and more go unanswered as I just smile at him. Santer huffs and takes a step back from me and begins eyeing the recent addition to the room, "I think I've done about as much as I can on this one, but Brandy you could use a touch-up as well." He disagrees but, ever the people-pleaser, allows her to begin work. A few moments later, Veronica comes back and gives Brandley a pat on the shoulder. She smiles as the camera team enters and directs them as to where they should set up. Santer multi-tasks between Brandley's face and conversing with the team with revolutionary insights like, 'That's good lighting over there' and 'Make sure you get the good angle' . They humor her but ultimately remain silent. Even with a certain loud, obnoxious guest here, I actually feel calm again. The moment is here and I can finally act on it rather than obsess. The camera team notifies me that they're almost ready and so Brandley and the girls shuffle behind the counter, out-of-frame. Santer just can't help herself but to lean over the counter and gush over-enthusiastically, "I haven't seen a Presidential Address LIVE since, well sinc-" "I think we all know exactly how long it's been, thank you Santer." Brandley interjects with a level-headedness I couldn't achieve even with practice while putting an arm around her to cushion the blow of shooting down her commentary. Veronica gives me a thumbs-up and there's just a single moment of clear direction encompassing my thoughts as I hear, "Dim the lights; start the broadcast." As you saw, this story will be set in an Alternative Universe where, after the Second Rebellion of Panem and fifty years of peace, the Hunger Games were re-instated. This story, while taking place relatively shortly after Katniss' era, should not feature any characters or relatives of canon characters, so keep this in mind when PMing me. (This is in place to reduce tropes and push readers to dive into creativity and originality.) District Thirteen is no more, as shortly after the Second Rebellion, it didn't have a large enough population to sustain itself and citizens moved to Districts of their choosing during the peaceful time. Poverty exists, but not as badly as it was when Katniss' story took place, the higher-numbered Districts are still poorer than the lower-numbered, but the peaceful period saw better wages for citizens of all Districts, so if you're submitting a character for a traditionally 'poorer' District, consider making them middle-class. (Again, this is in place to reduce tropes such as 'Rags to Riches' and force characters to have personalities other than 'poor tribute #4'.) This will, however, be a team effort. You want me to write this story and I want you to submit original, interesting characters. So I have a little writing assignment for you , (Talk about a plot twist!). My writing assignment comes in two parts; Part One – Of course, submit a tribute! If you're early, there are twenty-four open slots just waiting to be filled! Tribute form is up on my profile! I don't mind recycled tributes as I'm new and haven't read many of the stories on here recently, but make sure they're original and diverse! I want characters I have to roll around in my head a bit to get a good plot planned out for. Part Two – Tell a friend! I love getting feedback and especially bringing people together; the more people in this community grouping up the better! (Plus the sooner I get appropriate apps the sooner I can start writing with your characters!) Below is the canon hierarchy I plan on sticking to for this story: District Job Orientations: District 1 – Luxury Items and Accessories District 2 – Masonry, Weaponry, and Peacekeepers District 3 – Technology, Electronics, and Automobiles District 4 – Fishing and Water Filtration District 5 – Power Generation and Storage District 6 – Transportation and Infrastructure District 7 – Lumber and Forestry District 8 – Textiles and Packaging District 9 – Grain and Medicines District 10 – Livestock and Meat Production District 11 – Agriculture and Orchards District 12 – Mining of Coal and Minerals So I know initial chapters always suck and it's basically just 'Hey apply for my SYOT' but I hope I made the setting fun so far! Who was your favorite; Maat/Veronica/Santer/Brandley? Thoughts on chapter length/pacing? Arena ideas? Any miscellaneous thoughts?