he continued with a wink. "It's alright. I don't mind," I said as my eyes trailed over a strong-looking blonde who was staring at me. He may have been looking in my general direction, but he definitely had his sights locked onto mine. I felt my cheeks begin to blush and tried to avert my eyes, but I kept looking back at him. He was absolutely stunning. He had on a dark grey t-shirt that clung to his strong arms and straight-leg blue jeans. But it wasn't his keen choice in style that impressed me, but rather his blue eyes that seemed to mesmerize me the longer I stared into them. They weren't the blue you'd find when you'd pick out a color from a set of Crayola crayons, but more like the ocean: they had a tinge of green to them and all the while they were rocking back and forth against the cool blue of his irises. I realized I had been staring back for quite a while before Finnick's speech pulled me from my enchantment, and I averted my gaze. "…and you'll see that we've won practically ever competition to date," he grinned as his eyes met mine. He watched me for a while before asking if I had understood anything he had been saying for the last couple of minutes. "Yeah, for sure. This is soccer, we're talking about, right?" I asked, as I clenched my teeth together hoping by some dramatic turn of events I had actually caught on to the sport he was talking about. "Wake up pretty-boy! I was talking about swimming…" he trailed off into speech again. I didn't listen to much more of his speech as I watched the golden-haired boy with the amazing eyes turn back to a petite dark-haired girl with an unimpressive taste in style. Why was he so interested in me? I thought as I put my pen to my paper and began writing my journal entry. It was a short paragraph despite the amount of things I could have written down for the given subject. I decided I would list my resolutions out in point-form for the new semester: Make new friends. Be more outgoing. Get involved. Work harder. All the normal things people put down when they think of resolutions for a new year or a new term at school. But I jotted down one quickly before Mrs. Everdeen came to collect our papers. In a quick scribbling of black ink and a variety of misspelt words I wrote: " Find out who mystery student is. " Finnick gave me a quick nod as he pulled himself from his chair. The school bell rang shortly thereafter, as I managed to lug the set of books I had been given from my desk and to inspect where my next class was. Room 200; Mrs. Wiress . I walked out of Mrs. Everdeen's class after giving her a short smile, to be reunited with my favorite new friend: Cashmere. I tried to take her from her rambling as to where my next class was. I caught the simple things like "how the professor was known as the lunatic of the bunch" and that "psychology was the perfect class for her madness," before I had to shout to ask her a question. "Hey!" I shouted, which immediately caused a look of terror in her face as I stopped in the hallway to meet her gaze head-on. "I wanted to ask you about something…well, about someone to be exact," I began. I watched as her emotions flickered from fear to curiosity in a single moments time. "There was this guy…in my class. He was tall, blonde, incredibly blue eyes," and before I had time to finish my description, Cashmere had tuned in to exactly whom I was talking about. "You must be talking about Cato. He's the school's number one bad boy. Not many people know too much about him, because he likes to keep to himself and the football team. Did I mention he's the quarterback for the football team? He's also one of the school's leading swimmers, alongside the school charmer, Finnick O'Dair." For once I appreciated the girls ability to list off a million unnecessary things. "Anyways! You came to the right girl, Peeta. Luckily, I'm one of his best friends. Sit with us at lunch after class, okay?" she said, but I was already starting to feel the anxiety set in. The next class went by rather quickly, and just as Cash had mentioned: Mrs. Wiress was crazy. Not only was she babbling on about dreams and their ability to predict the future, but she also assigned an essay due by the end of the week. So far, I was not impressed with her. I made my way down the hall with Cashmere, who had met up with me after class, as we made our way to the cafeteria. It wasn't the largest of food courts that I had ever seen, but the food looked delicious and the tables were made of mahogany, which was a step up from his last school that was for sure. In the cafeteria hung many banners of the school mascot, the names of those who graduated in the past couple of years, and the names of more elite athletes who had won championships. I followed closely behind Cashmere so that I wouldn't lose her between the crowds of students that were either filing in or already sitting down to enjoy a nice meal. While we made our way into the cafeteria, I was led by Cashmere over to a small section, that she had mentioned was reserved for the school's elite, and found myself in a troubling position. Because as Cash beckoned for me to sit down, placing her tray onto the table and proceeding to talk with the girl beside her, I was left sitting face-to-face with the mysterious boy from my English class; my newfound crush: Cato.