Reaping and see many people here already. The camera crews are on the rooftops and the giant bowls are set up on the stage. I watch as the mayor makes his speech and the escort takes the stage. She walks over to the girls' bowl and picks out a name. "Nelly Roth." She picked me. This is bad. I can't even process the emotion as I walk up to the stage. The escort walks over to the boys' bowl and digs her hand in grabbing a slip. "Knute Willoughby." That must have been planned. He is a rebellious eighteen-year old who led a couple dozen citizens in attacking the Justice Building. He walks up to the stage and shakes my hand as we are led into the Justice Building. D10 15 Gilpin Rambert POV: I wake up and rise from my bed. My family isn't that poor for District 10 standards. My dad is a cowhand, my mom does laundry, and I work at the butcher's shop. I also spend some time at the Curley Ranch, but mostly I work killing animals. I see my dad sitting at the table eating a slice of bacon. That is one of the upsides of working for the butcher; you get cheap meat. He nods and I pull on a cowboy hat from the hook. "You hungry Gil?" "A little, but I will get some with James." James Curley is one of the children of the Curley ranch. I go to the ranch to see if I can find him, but when I get there he isn't there. I walk back to the butcher's shop and start cutting up a piece of horsemeat for a little extra cash. I hear a knock on the door and swing it open to see a girl standing there awkwardly. "Hey, um, I'm here for the hide my mother wanted." "Of course, I have it right here," I pick up the hide and hand it to her. "It sure is lovely isn't it?" "Um, I don't really like dead things." She said quietly. "But if I minded them, sure, it looks lovely. My mom will love it." I used a comforting voice, "I understand, when I first started working here, I felt the same way. But over time, you get used to it sadly." "That is really sad." She said. "Well, I better go home and bring this to my mother. It's reaping day so. . ." She didn't have to finish her sentence. Everyone knew about reaping day and what it could do to you. "May the odds be ever in your favor," I call after her as she walks out of the door. She laughs and I know that I may have lightened up a dreadful day. I don't want her to get selected, but I don't want to get selected either. I pull off my blood covered apron and dash home to pull on my nice clothes. After I have my clothes on and walk out to the square. I can see many frightened children huddling together in crowds. Another year, I think. I have to put my name in four times. I know the chances of getting Reaped are low, but, I feel sort of anxious even though I am used to hearing the same old speech, and the same video every year. The escort walks over to the girls' bowl and puts her hand in. "Emma Fields. Oh how fun!" Wait a minute, isn't that the nice girl from this morning. That's so unfair. I really wished that she wasn't picked, because she seemed to be kind. She walks slowly to the stage and stares out into the crowd. No one moves a muscle. Was she expecting a volunteer? It is 10, and the chances of someone willingly putting themselves in are next to none. Two words, come out of the escort's mouth,"Gilpin Rambert." I feel the stares pile on top of me. I couldn't move my legs, and so a peacekeeper gets me and pushes me towards the stage. I can't believe it, I was reaped! What is going to happen? Why me? None of these questions mattered, because I was selected, and no one was volunteering here. That means only one thing, almost certain death. D11 15 Felix Gardner POV: I groan and flop out of bed at the noise of a bell. It was reaping day and District 11 still had to wake up early to work. I groan again and pull on a pair of overalls and grab a hoe heading out the door. "Bye, honey!" My mother calls from the other room. How she managed to be so awake at six in the morning I will never know. I ignore her and step into the morning sunlight. I walk out and angrily dig my hoe into the ground. I need to work, but it is disgusting, working live slaves for those who kill our children. We tried to rebel, but everyone saw how that went. It ended up with the districts devastated and now we are back in the Games. Just perfect. I toss a couple of seeds into the whole I just made and look up to see a man being whipped. Must have been another thief. When will they ever learn not to do it during broad daylight? I'd rather starve then be whipped; those peacekeepers are a nasty folk. I finish up my shift of mindless planting and go back to my home. My mother has a nice set of clothes laying out for me and I pull them on. I walk out of the house to the Reaping and file into my section. The escort takes the stage and walks over to the girls' bowl. "Ellie Redwood." A girl takes the stage. She walks over to the boys' bowl and selects a name. "Felix Gardner." I get to the stage and shake hands with Ellie as we are led into the Justice Building.