a small pose in his chair. "Thanks! I try." "Hm." The blonde smiled again, but not as much as another silence grew on them again. This one wasn't as awkward though, even though it was just as silent as before. In fact, this one seemed sort of peaceful as the both of them seemed to recall back memories of their lives before they came here. "Can I ask another question?" " 'Course! I mean, if I can answer it, I guess." "If we're dead... Then, aren't we supposed to have like...?" Finnick stretched out his arms, making flying motions to symbolize wings. "I suppose." He shrugged again and chuckled softly. But then his expression changed. "Look behind you." Raising an eyebrow in curiosity, Finnick turned his head around to look behind him. As he did so, his face collided with something rather fluffy and soft. It was white, like the walls of the room they were in. They were feathers, all connected together to make a large shape. It was a wing. There were two of them, placed securely on his back. He was angel. He truly was dead. "Wow! These are so-!" Finnick began, grinning widely in amusement as he turned to face the blonde again. He gasped as he saw some white wings on the back of the blonde one's back as well. "You've got some too!" "Yeah," The blonde nodded, smiling. "I know. I've had these for a while." He reached up a hand, tenderly stroking one of the feathers of his wings. "What?" Finnick didn't understand. "How come I didn't see them before?" "I suppose once you found out you were dead, you suddenly could see your wings. I began to see yours when you talked about yourself being dead and everything." He explained, hopping from his cloud puffs and onto the ground. "I could see mine when I first got here. I already knew I was dead even before I hit the ground when I was pushed off the box." "Wow..." Finnick said breathlessly. He was an angel now. Made into something beautiful now just because of his death. Who knew that things could get better after death? All along he had been told that death was evil and he had to do everything to stay alive. That's what got him through the Games when he was fourteen. He just kept telling himself that he was going to be okay and be alive despite all the killing and everything that was happening around him. But now, death just seemed so painless and quick, almost like falling asleep. This wasn't like he expected it to be. "Well, would you look at that..." Finnick looked up from admiring his wings to the other. He had a concerned look of his face, pointing to something over behind the brunette. Finnick turned around, eyes wandering around to see what the other was gesturing to. There he saw it. It was as clear as day. There, in the middle of the room, was a bright red door, just standing there. "What do you suppose it is?" The blonde asked cautiously, walking over to stand next to the brunette. "A door." Finnick said simply. "Well, I know that ." He answered sarcastically, rolling his blue eyes. "I meant, where do you think it leads?" Finnick shook his head, not taking his eyes off of the door. "I don't know. But wherever it leads, I'm going to find out." And he took off just like that, hopping up from his chair to run down to meet the door. The door was a lot taller when he approached it. It seemed to stand straight up to the ceiling, if that was possible. The door handle, however, was just tall enough for Finnick to reach easily. He placed his hand onto it carefully, debating whether to turn it or not. "Wait!" Finnick heard the blonde's voice, followed by some loud clomps of his footsteps. "What if it opens up to something bad?" "Well, we'll just have to see, won't we?" Finnick smirked, still gripping the handle. "Here, I'll do it. You just got here, so if anything bad happens, it'll happen to me first, so you can save yourself." "What?" He was shrill with disbelief. "Don't be ridiculous." "I feel it's only the way I can redeem myself. Besides, what else can I do here?" Finnick stared up into his eyes for a moment, seeing that he was being completely serious. Maybe Finnick should just give him the chance. And that's what he did. Letting go of the handle, he backed up a bit, careful to not hit the other with his wings as the blonde gripped the handle instead. "Well, here goes nothing!" He said aloud, turning the knob and giving the door a shove. Bright light surged through the threshold of the door, making the both of them shield their eyes. Finnick squinted his, following with the other in through the door. Once the light dimmed down, Finnick couldn't help but feel his mouth open in pure shock. This place was beautiful. Everywhere he looked, it was just perfect. It was like he was in a dream, but the best kind of dream imaginable. It was like his own paradise here. Where he could do whatever he wanted when he wanted. He just couldn't believe his eyes. It was just perfect. "Wow," Finnick breathed out again, feeling suddenly light on his feet. "This place is amazing." "Hah! You're telling me." The other boasted, grinning just as widely as the brunette. Finnick kept his smile, turning and looking at the other. "Say, you didn't tell me your name." The blonde looked back at him, staring in embarrassment. "Cato," He said stiffly. "My name's Cato." Finnick smiled, grabbing the other's hand and pulling him along through the door into the wondrous place. "Well, come on then, Cato! We mustn't hesitate!" Cato. That was definitely going to be a name that Finnick would remember. ~FIN~