her and Tyne. It's exactly what she should have expected. The Cornucopia was slick with blood from the dead mutts at the bottom. But barely any were dead. She stood with her bow raised at Tyne, who had Cato in a headlock. Why hadn't he snapped Cato's neck? He matched the boy in strength, so why didn't he? "Why haven't you killed us yet, Girl on Fire?" said Tyne. She looked at Cato. He was trying to wrestle out of Tyne's grip, but somehow had been getting air into his lungs. He was almost dead, and there was nothing she could do to stop it. Her heart broke. Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight "Oh," said Tyne with an evil grin. "You love him, don't you?" She didn't answer. She kept the arrow aimed at his head, trying to think of a way to save him. "Everyone thought it was Lover Boy," said Tyne. "But no. It was always Brutal, Bloody Cato who froze little Fire Girl's heart." Cato growled and tried to kick Tyne. It didn't work. "Oh, and let me guess," said Tyne. "You love her too, don't you?" She couldn't think. "Oh, what a tragedy," said Tyne. "Let me imagine what your story must have been like. You met as kids, became best friends, then when you got older, you fell for each other." The mutts howled all around them. "Cato must have had to volunteer for the Games, and he promised he would have came back to you. To live your lives happily together, get married and have kids, how sweet." She wanted to kill him as much as Cato did. "But then, the Games came," said Tyne with a shake of his head. "And Cato volunteered, and your sister got reaped. You wouldn't let her go into the Games, so now here we are." She stared at him. "Only one victor, remember?" Tyne was sobbing, knowing that his end must have been close. "No one gets a happily ever after." I dry my eye, dry my eye Falling deeper by the hour Dry my eye Dry my eye, dry my eye Don't let me fall deeper now Dry my eye The tears fell down Tyne's face, as he felt Cato do something with his own blood on his hand. His life was over, anyway. He had nothing left to live for. He smiled when Katniss aimed the arrow at his hand. "Dying is a lot easier when you have nothing left to live for." Then the arrow pierced his hand and he fell to the mutts. Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight "Katniss, did you shoot him?" The cannon answered. "Come here," Cato opened his arms. She ran into them and breathed in his scent. He lifted her chin and looked her in the eye. He smiled at her, then covered her lips with his. This showed the Capitol why he didn't kill her the night of the fire in the tree or when she blew up the supplies. Because Tyne was right. He loved her. They pulled away from each other when air was needed. Then reality came crashing down when he smiled sadly at her. "One victor, Katniss." He pulled away from her and looked down at the grass below the Cornucopia. The mutts had gone, disappeared into the ground. He jumped down, looking around and helped Katniss off. He backed away from her and pulled out his sword. "Cato, no..." Then he smiled. A genuine smile. "I love you, Katniss Everdeen." That's when he plunged his sword into his stomach. Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight She screamed as he fell to the ground. Blood pooled out of his stomach, as he fell on his back on the ground. He felt something grab his hand, and saw Katniss clutching his hand. Tears were rolling down her cheeks. He wanted to reach up and wipe them away, but he didn't have any strength left. "Cato..." she sobbed as laid her forehead against his. He was almost gone. "I love you," he whispered. "I love you, Cato," she sobbed. He managed a smile. Then he was happy. Because he kept his promise. His last thoughts were only of her. Let me go, let me go Let me go, let me go The cannon boomed. "Ladies and gentlemen, the victor of the seventy-fourth Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen of District 12!" She wasn't a victor, because as soon as that was announced, she ripped an arrow from the sheath and stabbed it in her heart. The blue flower lay between her fingertips. Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight Don't you let me go, let me go tonight They couldn't be together in life. So they were together in death. Because the world was too cruel for them to have their real happy ending. A/N: My first Catoniss oneshot. I'm so proud of this. I am done with fluff. Done. I still like it, but I am actually good at writing gothic tales. The things they make us do in English. The lyrics are from the song 'Tonight' by Lykke Li. It's a really good song, I suggest you listen to it. Thanx for reading and please review!