issue, however now that I had the opportunity to know more, I knew I had to take it. "Entire family dead. Not a single thing left besides their burnt bodies." "And the girl was the sole survivor?" "Well obviously when she was the one who started the fire." My mouth dropped open in shock and I had to lean against the wall for support. Jill. My friend Jill who always could cheer everyone up, my friend Jill was an arsonist. I didn't know what to do. Was I supposed to tell the others? Was I supposed to confront her? Or should I just let it be? After all, it may just be a stupid rumour. I went to bed that day, avoiding Jill and everyone else, because I didn't trust myself not to say anything out loud. I was a child who knew crime only from textbooks and now one of my friends was accused of one. It was all confusing to me and it kept me awake for most of the time during night. After less than three hours of sleep I was woken up by Fendrel, telling me I missed breakfast and that he had been trying to wake me up for an hour. I sleepily got out of the bed, dressed myself and quickly ate the donut that Fendrel saved me before going to the class. Our classroom was moved to a different room, since there were more of us and we were all sitting behind desks that were formed in the shape of U. Usually Fendrel sat between me and Jill, but today Fendrel was on cleaning duty and therefore a bit late to the class. I could see Jill's questioning look, but I didn't turn my head to face her. She asked me what was going on. I didn't answer. Now that I look back at it, I was being petty and instead of talking to her, I decided to ignore and in the process I lost her. But I was a child and I had a child's mind that didn't know how to handle the situation. Days went by and I stopped talking to Jill completely. She stopped trying to talk to me too. We still had common friends such as Fendrel and Sarah, who often wondered what had happened, but neither of us wanted to give an answer. After all, even if Jill wanted to, she couldn't give an answer because she didn't know what the reason behind my behaviour was. That year we had another incomer, Anthony. Apparently he was from District 1, just as Marissa and quickly seemed to get on with her. Well, frankly, Anthony seemed to get along with everyone. He was the sporty type and often indulged himself in various games outside. He even invited the less athletic kids to join him, because he didn't want to exclude anyone. I liked Anthony too, because he always gave me his pudding whenever I slept in and missed the time when the lunch lady was giving them out. 214 presidential Two girls arrived that year. Margaret Ameen and Alessa Moscow. They were from different districts, yet they came in approximately at the same time. Margaret was the sooner one, 9 years old just like me, with thick dark brown hair and loud attitude. When I first saw her, I knew she would fit in. She seemed like she wasn't willing to take crap from anyone and that was much needed in this environment. Few days later arrived Alessa Moscow. The name that marked the lives of most of us. She was a tall tanned girl with raven hair and smiling lips. She had an extroverted personality and warmed herself into most of our hearts. Whenever someone was sitting alone, she sat next to him. When she noticed that Will was mute and deaf, she learned quickly sign language and quickly became one of his first friends. When everyone was tired and no one wanted to go out and play with Anthony anymore, she was the one to volunteer to play with him. People liked Alessa. Or so it seemed. 216 presidential Things changed. We were now obliged to have school hours before and after lunch as well. According to our academic achievements we were allowed only certain amount of free time. I was an average student, but I had the habit of sleeping in and because of that I had to do some extra hours after the classes. They called it detention. It angered me because whereas my grades weren't as bad, I had less free time than some of the kids who were barely passing the classes. Because of that I didn't get to hang out with Fendrel as much anymore. He was one of the best students and had quite a lot of time to himself, but I wasn't able to join him during his free time. If I hadn't shared a room with him, I probably wouldn't have had the time to talk to him at all. At least Sarah sometimes served detention with me, so I got to talk to her. Other friendships changed too. Jill stopped hanging around anymore and instead found a friend in Margaret. Anthony seemed to take interest in Marissa and spent most of his time around her and Lucinda. And Alessa who was formerly one of the most popular kids when she arrived, had no one to talk to, besides William. I didn't read much into it back then, friendships change, why should I be concerned. After all, I lost a friend too. We had another girl joining us, called Alianor, but I didn't pay her much attention. Just another kid in this freak house. I had my own school troubles to tend to and things were just hectic for me back then. I didn't have time to focus on everyone and I didn't particularly care. Back then I thought those were the dark times. I couldn't have been more wrong.