and the torch game in the cavern, and my metaphor of Peeta as the light and being out of reach but still there and how I thought if I only reached high enough, he could come back… But he's back now, and he's still more out of reach than ever. I squeeze my eyes shut and force the thoughts away, replacing them with something more trivial. "I thought you'd be in your compartment. I heard Annie yelling in there," I blurt out, not caring that I'm admitting to Finnick that I listened outside his door. "So she's still yelling." He says sadly, slightly increasing his pressure on my hand, "It's why I'm here. Once she's gone, she's gone for hours, and it doesn't make a single bit of difference whether I'm there with her or not. It's like I'm invisible to her." Finnick sighs heavily, "So I thought I'd come in here and see if I could get some sleep. No chance." "Nightmares." I tell him, not even needing to ask. There's a couple of minutes of silence between us, and then Finnick shuffles aside to make some space, and I hop up beside him in the uncomfortable hospital bed. It reminds me of the last time we were here together, huddled in my bed with our dinner trays to watch the Capitol's interview with Peeta. I decide I need to tell him what drove me to the cupboard this afternoon. "So they tried something on Peeta today." We turn to face each other as my voice breaks the silence, "They sent in a girl from our district, Delly, to try and bring some of his old memories back. Ones the Capitol hadn't touched. She was told only to speak about his childhood, and not to mention me at all. And…" "And he brought it round to you on his own?" I nod. "He called me a mutt, Finnick, he… He doesn't even believe I'm human." "The state he's in, Katniss, he's not human." It's awful, but I can't disagree with him. Finnick absent mindedly picks up a piece of my hair from the pillow between us, examining it closely. "So that's me. Why were you in the closet today?" His face twitches slightly, as though he's contemplating telling me. I know he will, though. "Annie." Finnick says, "She actually seemed quite with it, compared to other times. She was eating her dinner, and managing not to drift away, and then she turned to look at me with this smile… I can't describe it, Katniss. It was terrifying, like she was looking straight through me, and then she snapped out of it. And she looked a bit confused, and then focussed on me again, and calm as anything, asked me if I think the weather will be nice for this year's Hunger Games. Whether I think the head Gamemaker has anything good planned for the Quarter Quell, and what time her older brother will be home – this is Annie's brother who died when she was six. And then she picked up her fork, stood up, and threw it as hard as she could across the room, before asking me 'You are Finnick, aren't you? It's so nice to finally meet you in person after seeing you on TV for so many years.'" "Well," I truly do not know what to say. "The state she's in, Finnick…" "I know. It's just that I'm barely keeping it together myself." He extracts a single strand of my hair from the lock he's holding and ties a miniscule knot in it, "I don't know how I can stay – how I can stay with her when she often doesn't even know who I am, and not completely lose my own mind." "I can't stay." I admit, "I've told Haymitch as much and he's looking for something for me in one of the districts. Probably Two." "I wish I could go." Finnick says, accidentally tugging too hard on my hair as he ties it, and I swat his hand away. "They wouldn't let me, though. They want me to stay with her all the time, and they assume I'm happy to do it. They're so focussed on Peeta that they don't think her state is severe enough to warrant the same supervision he gets." "The two of them…" My voice is thick, "God knows what they went through, Finnick. God knows what they did to them. I just need to get away. I can't be underground anymore, I need to breathe some air and see some trees." "I'm the same. I'd give anything to go to Four and see the ocean." "We'll go!" I squeeze his hand, and he smiles. "Of course we will, Katniss. We can swim, and go on a boat." Suddenly, we aren't in Thirteen, and we aren't in a warzone. There is no Peeta, and no Annie, and we are just two young people making plans. "You can finish teaching me how to catch fish! And we can go to the beach." "The beach! Oh, you're going to love the beach. There's nothing quite like walking on warm sand, or sitting and looking out at the sea." "Can you see it from your house?" "Not quite, but it's close; just a few minute's walk…" We fall asleep holding hands and talking about the seaside. Hours later, it isn't a nightmare that wakes me but the voices of two medics discussing Peeta's condition. And then Prim, looking puzzled at the sight of us but refraining from asking questions, and delivering the message that Annie has got lost looking for the dining room and has been asking random citizens if they know how to get to the best restaurant in the Capitol. The little solace we found last night has gone. Finnick takes a deep breath, closes his eyes for a moment, looking pained, and then goes to Annie. I avoid Prim's perplexed expression, I find Haymitch, and I go to Two.