My head was telling me 'No! You love Gale! Not him... don't say yes! Be honest...' Where as my heart was telling me the opposite... that I love Peeta. -I was still looking into Peeta's eyes... I didn't know my answer and didn't feel like telling him because I would be sure to change my mind. The next thing I heard was Haymitch shouting us to get back. Peeta didn't wait for an answer which I am quite happy about... -When we got back to the train he took me back to my room and we faced each other for a while before saying "Night." to one another. I couldn't see any emotion in his face, no happiness, or sadness. I didn't wait another minute to pull him into a kiss and when I did he kissed me back. I didn't want to let go... never. -After pulling out of the kiss we held a hug for a while, my eyes were closed and I assumed his was too. -"Real..." I whispered into his ear, while squeezing him tighter. "I love you... and I always will, Peeta." I pulled away to see him smiling, which only made a smile appear on my face. "I'll see you tomorrow..." Peeta kissed me gently on the cheek and left me standing there alone. I let myself into my room and fell backwards onto the bed, still smiling. -My smile vanished as soon as I fell asleep and began to dream. I dreamt of the reaction that Gale would give me. He probably won't talk to me again now... because I love Peeta... because that one time, the time I almost forgot... the one that I told Gale that I loved him. -When I told him, we had only known each other for a few weeks, maybe just more than a month. Both of us were hunting, talking about what everyone was saying in the market. They were saying that me and Gale were together... we wasn't. He laughed at what they were thinking and had said, "I don't know where they got that from... we don't love each other..." "What if I told you I did love you?" That was all I said before leaving him alone in the trees. Nothing changed after that, though... he forgot it and so did I. -I woke up quite early the next morning and went down to wait for breakfast... when I got there I saw Haymitch sitting down, watching the highlights from the Games again. "What are you doing up early?" He asked, pausing the TV. -"I don't know.. I guess I just woke up." I paused. "Why are you watching them, anyway?" I sat next to him as he played the TV again. -"Wanted to see what they had put together of you, why?" -"Just wondered..." Me and Haymitch sat watching them, most of it was of me and Peeta. Some of us alone, though. When I saw the clips of all the times that Peeta saved me I smiled, not taking my eyes off of him. "Did it really look like that? ..." I asked, looking at Haymitch. -"This is what everyone else saw..." Haymitch smiled. "Everyone was really happy when you and Peeta could get together again." Haymitch sighed... -"Haymitch... I know you think its an act." I whispered so only he could hear, not even the cameras could. "But it isn't... I love him." -"All right, sweetheart ..sure.." Haymitch rolled his eyes. -"I mean it, Haymitch!" I got too frustrated so I left. He thought I was lying... why would he think that? Is he not convinced? I don't know... -On my way back to my room I bumped into Cinna. He was looking for me, he simply told me he had some outfits for me to wear today and wanted me to go and get ready. He told me Peeta was getting ready in his room so I should as well. -He dressed me in most beautiful orange dress. It made me think of Peeta as orange was his favourite colour. Mine was green. I only liked green because it reminded me of home... reminded me of my hunting trips I went on with my dad... reminded me of Gale. I don't know why but I've been thinking of Gale quite a lot lately. Maybe I do like him? No... I love Peeta... don't I? -It took quite a while but after days of travel, the train stopped in District 12... finally at home. Peeta and Katniss were wearing both really nice outfits. Katniss in a light and dark blue dress with her hair up in a braid, and Peeta in a suit. -Haymitch patted us on the back, pushing us forward. "Go on then! ... Hurry up... don't keep them waiting!" By 'them' I knew he meant the camera's and reporters... great. I hated having to put on a show, and I knew everyone else who was in on it did too. -"Sorry..." I whispered, turning to Peeta. "You ready?" I asked putting on a bright and warm smile. -He nodded, we both gave each other a smile and held each others hands... after a few seconds the doors began to open. Flashing lights met my eyes, and reporters were throwing questions at us once again. I hated this. -"Katniss! Peeta!" One of them shouted, this voice I could hear the loudest and was able to pick out. "Are you happy to be back?" This was the most easiest question to answer and yet everyone was asking it... didn't they have their own questions? I don't know... Anyway, I answered with a nod and a, "we are happy to be back... happy to see our family's." -I can't remember a lot of what happened next. I guess I stopped listening and turned my mind off. Of course I smiled, still nodding at some of the questions but that was all you could get out of me for an answer...