if she loves him or anything, she wouldn't want to hurt him in front of their friends, so she goes in a different direction. "You have to eat me out." She knows she did the right thing when Peeta lets out a relieved breath, and goes back to looking excited. "Sure thing, babe," he laughs, waving her up with his hand. "But you're gonna have to come up here and sit on my face, because I can't move yet." "Oh God," Peeta and Finnick both mumble at the same time, not sure how they're going to be able to control their hard cocks now. Katniss squeals and wastes no time slipping her panties off, not even thinking twice about exposing herself to all of her friends. Most of the guys, and Santana and Quinn have seen her naked before anyways. She tosses her panties in Peeta's direction and quickly crawls up Gale's body, settling just above his face. Gale just pulls her hips down, burying his face in her soaking pussy. "Oh my God." "Oh my God," Annie repeats, getting even more turned on watching Katniss riding Gale's face. She's tried to get Finnick to go down on her before, but he always refuses. She gives her boyfriend a pointed glare and elbows him to prove her point. He gives her a quick glance of apology, before going back to the show. "Oh yeah, Gale, right there," Katniss moans, bucking her hips to the pace of his tongue. He moves up to her clit and latches on, sucking the bud into his mouth and massaging it with the flat of his tongue. "Oh, god, yeah." "We can't see anything good!" Annie complains, speaking for the first time since this all started. These people are crazy, but damn if it doesn't look like they're having a good time. She's not getting any from anyone right now, might as well enjoy a free porn show if someone is offering. And even though she might have decided her and Gale didn't get along very well, that doesn't mean she still didn't find the boy attractive, and she isn't complaining about the view she still had of his nice thick cock resting against his abs as he eats Katniss out. A few people voice their agreement, and Peeta comes up with a solution. "Lean forward, Katniss, on your hands, so everyone can see my baby get licked!" Katniss listens, letting herself fall forward. She shuffles up a bit, and presses her face against the carpet, arching her back so her ass is as far up in the air as it'll go, exposing her pussy to the rest of the people They all cheer at the improved view, the angle perfect to watch as Gale moves back, and starts slipping his tongue through her wet folds. "Your tongue feels so good," Katniss cries, thrusting her hips forward to try to create more friction. "So good, keep going." Gale works her pussy with the same expertise as she sucked his cock, licking through her drenched folds firmly, stopping to suck on her clit or dip into her hole teasingly. He wishes he could draw this out, but he can feel his cock starting to get harder the longer he licks her, and he doesn't think he could get another blow job out of her, and he'd rather not have to go take care of himself. "You ready to cum for me, baby?" he asks, his words slightly muffled by her pussy. Katniss bites her lip and nods. "F-Fingers," is all she manages to stutter out. Gale hears her though, and quickly moves back up to her clit, sucking it into his mouth while he brings two fingers up and easily slips them into her soaking hole. "This is so hot," Haymitch stage whispers, her eyes wide as she watches Gale's fingers pump in and out of Katniss's pussy. It's surprisingly Johanna who voices her agreement, "Yeah." This was much better than the blow job. She can vaguely remember the way Gale's tongue felt on her the night they slept together last year, and she can feel an ache growing between her legs as she watches. "I'm gonna cum," Katniss warns him, her hips starting to frantically buck into Gale's face. Gale just sucks and pumps harder, scissoring his fingers before curling them in just the right way to hit her in the spot she needs it the most, and then she's coming undone, releasing a rush of juices that he wastes no time lapping up. She shakes and spasms on top of him, her bucking hips pressing her pussy harder into his face, until the wave passes and she unclenches, releasing the vice grip her hole had on his fingers. "So good." "Only way I know how to do it," he tells her arrogantly, running his tongue through her folds a couple more times to clear her up, before he pats her on the ass in a signal to move. "That was so fucking hot," Finnick tells them, voicing what everyone is thinking. All their friends, cheer and whoop for the pair, praising them for their amazing performances. "Dat's my baby!" Peeta hollers loudly, fist pumping in the air in pride. Katniss stands up on wobbly legs, then helps pull Gale up into a sitting position, before she takes a bow. "Thanks, everyone, you guys are so sweet." Not bothering to put her panties back on, she walks back over to her seat beside Johanna and sits down, crossing her legs Indiana style, giving the rest of the circle a nice view of her pussy like it's no big deal. She waits until Gale is finished pulling his boxers and pants back on, before she claps her hands. "Oh, it's my turn again, right?" Everyone stares at her, most not exactly looking at her face, and nods. Oblivious to the stares, she reaches forward and spins the bottle, cheering in excitement when it lands on Finnick.