tonight, so I got another load with your name on it if you want it." Peeta swiftly flips over onto his back, his hard cock leaking precum from the tip, and looks up at Gale with lustful eyes. "I want it more than anything." Gale smirks and gets up onto the bed beside Peeta, crawling up until he's at his head and lowers his cock into Peeta's waiting mouth to get hard again. "I love it when you're a needy little slut." After Gale is done, and Peeta still needs another fix, he goes to find Finnick. It's different with Finnick. He's kind of sweet and encouraging, he's not rough and he doesn't degrade him. He doesn't feel that shame he usually feels once the high fades. Not to mention he actually lets him get off during, too. There are times when he does want it rough, and then he'll go to Gale, but mostly it's just really nice with Finnick. He makes him feel better, normal, like his need for multiple loads a day doesn't make him a pathetic freak. "Are you sure?" Peeta asks after Finnick picks up on one of his many tell tale signs that he's itching for a fix and offers to take care of it for him. "I mean, you already hooked me up earlier. I can got to Haymitch, his room is around the corner." "Don't be ridiculous," Finnick assures him, popping the button of his trousers and pushing them down his legs, patting his thighs once he's got his cock out. "Get up here and we'll take care of you." Peeta hesitates for only a moment before the ache wins out and he gets to his feet, quickly getting his pants and underwear off before straddling Finnick's thighs, their cocks rubbing together as he shuffles his knees against the couch until he's comfortable. Once he's settled, he reaches between them and nudges Finnick's hand away from his cock, stroking his best friend to full length himself. While Peeta jerks him hard, Finnick leans forward and reaches around him, his hand trailing along Peeta's backside until he gets to his hole and he slips his fingers inside easily. Peeta's hole has only gotten more wrecked over time, to the point where he can't even hold cum inside of himself anymore, but Finnick still likes to play with him a bit before he fucks him. "Ugh, Finnick," Peeta moans, arching his back as Finnick fingers him, his cock brushing up and down his hand as he juts forward with each thrust of Finnick's digits. They rock against each other until Finnick is rock hard in Peeta's hand, and then they seamlessly shift together until Finnick can replace his fingers with his cock. "F-fuck yeah." "You okay?" Finnick always asks that, and it always makes Peeta smile. A nice reminder. "Y-Yeah," he breathes, sinking down on Finnick's dick until he's buried to the hilt. He closes his eyes for a moment before he refocuses and gazes down at his best friend, his hands gripping the boy's shoulders to balance himself before he starts to rock his hips again. "I just, I need you to…" Grabbing his hips, Finnick slowly starts to thrust up into him, waiting until they've synced up their rhythm before he speeds up his pace. "I know just what you need, Peet. You want me to fill you up. You need me to." Peeta nods his head and gnaws at his bottom lip, falling forward against Finnick when he starts to pump into him faster. He buries his face into the crook of Finnick's neck and wraps his arms around his shoulders, pulling himself closer. Finnick continues to cant into him, letting go of the blonde's hip to slip a hand between them and stroke Peeta's cock. "Fuck, fuck, Finnick, please . Oh god." "Cum for me, Peeta," Finnick coos into Peeta's ear, smiling at the way the boy's body jerks in reaction to his hand. He knows the other guys never let Peeta get off during sex, so he always makes sure to help him along. "That's it, come on. Think about how amazing it's gonna feel when I come inside of you. How good my cum is gonna feel as I unload into that beautiful ass of yours." "Fuck," Peeta cries at his words, not sure whether to rut into Finnick's hand or push himself back onto his cock. He ends up just bucking uncontrollably in Finnick's lap, trying to get more of everything until he feels himself nearing the edge. "O-Oh, oh, I'm gonna, I'm gonna come. Finnick ." "Me, too," Finnick huffs, feeling Peeta clench around him. "Come with me, Peeta, come on, come on," he chants over and over until he feels his own balls tighten and gets one last hard thrust up before starts to unload, shooting his warm load into Peeta's pulsating asshole. Peeta comes right along with him, the feeling of Finnick's cum spilling into his ass enough to set him off. He shoots his own load off between them, his ropes landing on Finnick's stomach as both boys empty themselves together. They huff and puff, trying to catch their breath as they come down, Peeta's lips dangerously close to Finnick's collarbone. Pulling away from the temptation to press a kiss there, Peeta leans back in Finnick's lap, sinking back down on his softening cock to keep his cum plugged up inside of him for just a little longer. He grins down at Finnick, totally sated. For the next hour or so, at least. I hope you guys enjoyed this story, it took a very long time to write, and I put alot of thought into into it, so please leave a review saying your gratification. Also, people are now allowed to start requesting what you want done next, I will take a certain number of requests, best requests wins. Please leave a review telling me ways to improve and also criticize the story.