of him leaving. She had begged him to stay, but he had said there was nothing he could do and that he wanted it. He stepped up to the stage. The escort clapped and the entire district followed suit, the thunderous noise rang in Falcon's ears, and he caught sight of those grey eyes, welling up with tears. He felt the Peacekeepers hands on his arms and he shook them off. "I can walk myself!" He got into the elevator, the girl from next door right behind him. He was led to a lush room, with leather chairs and red walls. It wasn't long before Elizabeth walked slowly into the room, her eyes red and puffy, smoothing her skirt down. Falcon looked at her. He knew she would be his only visitor, his father said he didn't want to speak to him again until he had come home as the winner. Elizabeth looked around as a shiny tear fell down her cheek. Falcon crossed the room in a single stride, wrapped his big arms around her and pressed his lips to her forehead. Elizabeth's body shook as she sobbed onto his wide chest. Falcon pulled her into him even more. "Shh. I am coming home, you know I can win. Why are you worried?" Elizabeth pulled away. "What if you don't win? What if you don't come home? What if I never see you again?" Falcon laughed. "Beth, calm down! I can kill all of these wimpy tributes, with one hand! Why worry? Stop it; I'll be back in a week or two." Falcon smiled and sat down. Elizabeth stood with her legs slightly apart "Do you know what? I hate it when you're like this! You're just an arrogant asshole! Do you really want to know why I worry? Cause I love you, dammit!" She breathed in hard, regretting her outburst. She turned to leave. Falcon stood up, grabbed her arm and smashed his lips against hers and she responded, kissing him back. "I love you too and I will come home to you, promise." He whispered in her ears. "You love me?" He hardly heard her murmured words. "Yes. I realized this morning when I was walking to the reaping. I liked you ever since I saw you for the first time." she looked up at him. "That night?" "No, I had been watching you for awhile before that. I knew you were perfect." Another tear escaped her eye and he wiped it away with a kiss. She hugged him again. "I need to tell you something, I -" A peacekeeper opened the door and grabbed Elizabeth. "Falcon!" Falcon grabbed her arm. "Just a little longer, please." His voice was desperate and pleading as she was dragged away, their entwined fingers slipping apart. Falcon backed up, his legs were numb. What had she been going to say? Maybe this wasn't the best idea, maybe he should stay here. Then it hit him. There was no going back now. This had never been his final choice. He was as good as dead. Unless he was ruthless. Killed everyone. Yes. He would get home. He silently promised to himself, and to Elizabeth. Acacia Hurley, 15, The Girl Next Door . Acacia sat on the couch. No one came. No-one. Not her mother. Not her father. Her huge crowd of friends were non-existent. All her admirers? No where to be seen. Acacia pursed her pink lips and clenched her fists, raising her skinny frame from the plush chair. She crossed the room to the table, with a glass vase in the centre, full of cheerful flowers. I'll show them . She picked up the vase of flowers and threw at the wall, the glass shattering into a million pieces. The door opened. Acacia whirled around and looked into familiar grey eyes. "Acacia? I came to say goodbye. I thought you would probably have someone in here, but they said no one was here?" She bit her lips. Acacia's heart skipped a beat and she ran towards Elizabeth, wrapping her arms around her, her racking sobs saturated the fabric of Elizabeth's pretty pink dress. "Acacia? Are you alright? Is it because of the games or-" Acacia stood up and wiped her eyes, leaving pathways for fresh tears. "No-one but you have come! They all hate me!" she sank into the chair, her head in her hands. Elizabeth sat next to her and Acacia noticed her eyes were red and there were tear-stains on her cheeks. For her? Elizabeth frowned. "But everyone loves you." Acacia shook her head. "They are scared of me. Why else would they vote me in to my death?" Elizabeth studied her face. "Well, you may not be the nicest person, but I know there is goodness in your heart. I going to tell you something, please pass it on when it is appropriate. I am in love, with a boy. His name is Falcon." Acacia looked at her. "The boy that was reaped? Yes, he lives next door." Elizabeth nodded. She leaned over to Acacia, whispered what was meant for Falcon's ears into hers, asked her to tell him later, when it was needed, and stood up to leave. "Acacia, if you must win, please don't kill him. Not you. Let someone else do it, please." Her voice was earnest and vulnerable. Then she was gone. I won't kill him, promise, for Elizabeth. I'll kill the rest. I'll come home and be richer than before, richer than anyone. Yes. Her lips stretched into a sickening smile as the Peacekeepers came to take her to the train, grabbing her arm roughly, Acacia stood, her heels crunching on the broken glass as she stood. "Get the fuck off me!" She yanked her arm out of their strong grip and walked away and shook her hair once more, preparing for the cameras, the thought ringing in her head as she smiled again, just as malicious. Richer than anyone . 1aa9b954-2455-480f-94c7-589f98dd868e Y2:1aa9b954-2455-480f-94c7-589f98dd868e