her. She sighs, bringing the other knife into view. Her eyes are blank and expressionless, like someone else is controlling her. He stiffens. "Oh, you know, Cravat says I should learn to protect my self," Clove murmurs, her little white fingers stretched out on the knife, ready to flick it into her father's chest. He knows this. "I'm going to bed," her father growls, throwing the fork down. After another wary glance at his daughter, he grabs a bottle of beer and vanishes into another room. Clove is shaking very hard. Today she has won... ... "So, make sure to be here on time tomorrow," barks Cravat, and I realize I'm swaying, and that there's blood in my mouth. Crap. I bit my lip. Everyone's staring at me, so I lift me head, avoiding Cato's searching gaze. "Well, get back to your work," Cravat says, annoyed, because we are all standing around him like big lumps. The kids surge back to their stations, pushing and yelling. The older kids hang around, talking quietly. Probably about you, you idiot. "Clove, what are you doing?" asks an amused voice. Of course it's Cato. He's standing with Leif, Ivy, and the others, and I'm standing alone. "What?" I snarl, because to me there's nothing wrong with standing alone. But I guess when you're Cato, you can't afford to have loser friends. "Come on over here. You look lost," Cato smirks, earning an overly high pitched squeal from Ivy. Her dark green eyes are full of loathing as they glance my way. Her hand is on Cato's arm. Why the hell is her hand on his arm? ... Don't be an idiot, Clove. You're not jealous of Cato. Now I'm standing with his pack, and they're all laughing and joking, but my eyes can't stay away from Ivy and Cato. She's got her hand shoved down his back pocket, and she's annoyingly close to him. His large tanned arm is stretched around her shoulders, playing were her long hair. No one is talking about training, or the games. I want to be back in the knife room, practicing for tomorrow, but they don't. There's no other sixteen year olds here, only eighteen, and a handful of seventeen year old kids. That's how it is, if you can kill some one in at least twenty different ways, you're in. I can kill someone in thirty different ways. Stop Clove, focus. You can't spaz out here in front of Cato's worshippers. "Why don't we go practice, you know. For tomorrow?" I say loudly. Everyone stares at me like that's the stupidest thing ever. Already I can feel my self flushing. "Clove, honey. Not all of us need to practice. But if you feel the need, why don't you go practice?" Ivy says cruelly, her arm tightening around Cato. My heart beat quickens, and blood rushes to me head. Everyone's sneering faces seem to be closing in around me. "I'm going with Clove," says a soft voice. It's Cato, and he's holding my hand, pulling me back to reality. Ivy stands abandoned next to Leif, looking angry. I curl my fingers around my knife, the soft leather grip's familiarity calming me instantly. "I'll go with Cato," Boar grunts. Boar is a huge meaty seventeen year old, but looks eighteen. He follows Cato around like a lost puppy. "Me too," Shard, a tall, thin, guy, says. A tiny girl called Shana rolls her eyes, but I know she's in because she follows Shard everywhere. Leif grins at me, and I guess I'm suppose to melt into a puddle because he looks a bit peeved when I don't smile back. "Sure, sure, I'm in. Guess I could use a little practice. Ivy will come too, won't you Ivy?" Leif says, cracking his knuckles. Ivy looks a bit mad, but she tosses her hair, and stalks forward. Cato follows, and I feel like a little girl as he tugs me along, his big fingers enveloping mine. I don't like the feeling. I pull away sharply, but he doesn't seem to care. The others follow, and Ivy leads us to a kind of a mini version of the main center, but it's weapons only, no survival or strength stations. I drop my gym bag and grab a few knives. Ivy heads over to the spear area, where she stabs a few dummies in the gut. Leif and Cato face off with wooden swords, with Boar watching wide eyed. Shard and Shana grab some bows. Deftly, I flick the first knife out of my hand, and it lands squarely on the center of target that sits across the entire room. Whoa, that was lucky. Now I have everyone's attention, a chance to prove that I'm the best. The dummies are moving now, Cato turned on the switch. I lunge, sending five daggers at once, and they sink into the dummy satisfyingly. I start to feel the familiar fuzzy feeling in my head, and I whip out the knives faster and faster, not stopping to watch where they hit. Soon the strange feeling fades away, and the dummies come to a halt. I have hit every dummy right in the chest. I'm shaking slightly, but I calm my self, smirking slightly at the fact that everyone is trying not stare at me. "What?" I snap, jogging over and collecting my knives. "Oh nothing, just the fact that you just hit every single target right from across the room," says Shard sarcastically, and Ivy glares slightly. They're all jealous. You've got this Clove. You could win... Alright, that was the first chapter. I just wanted to make a Clove story that explained why she was so messed up. I find that everyone either hates her, or thinks she's awesome because she's so evil. I don't think any of the tributes are really evil, so that's why I wrote this. It's my first Hungers Games fanfic, so don't be harsh. Reviews are appreciated! :) -Madi