continued. Maintaining a cool stare with the panting Hawthorne boy, he continued, "You left out her name, didn't you? When you saw her in prison, you chose to leave her behind, didn't you?" "She deserved it!" Gale shouted while Haymitch's face remained as stoic and cool as President Coin's. "She isn't necessary to save! She's not worthy of rescue! She doesn't deserve to be rescued!" Why could no one see his point? Why could none of them accept his justification? Were they all entranced by such a...disgusting monster? That scum deserves everything her beloved Capitol dished out on her! She ruined everything! She ruined his life plans! "She doesn't deserve? She isn't worthy?" Haymitch echoed incredulously as his head tilted slightly to the side as if he was considering, "And whose opinions are these because I can name you one very important reason why she should and deserved to be rescued: she is the escort to Katniss Everdeen, the Mockingjay and symbol of this revolution." " Precisely ! That piece of trash destroyed Katnip!" Gale shouted even louder and even he heard his own voice straining. His throat burnt as his eyes glared angrily at the clear and calm grey eyes of the drunk. "And you're too drunk to realize that! Why can't you just accept that I did all this with the best intentions of all of us?" "That person you call a piece of trash gave Katniss the opportunity to be greater than life, whether accidentally or not. Had it not been for that person you call Capitol scum, do you think the districts and victors would unite to create the second rebellion?" Haymitch asked softy and the other victors moved away noticeably. They knew better than anyone that when a sober Haymitch's voice turned soft, it meant only one thing- fight or flee situation. A sober Haymitch is a victor but a sober Haymitch with a soft voice is a deadly Quarter Quell victor, and there is a difference. One would probably punch you once if provoked, the other would send you back to your maker and that is only when he feels very merciful. "If not for that undeserving person, do you think your beloved Katnip would live until today? Hell knows how many times Katniss had said things that would have motivated them to put a bullet through her, and that unworthy person had saved her one time too many." No one said anything after Haymitch's cold and malicious tirade, even Gale Hawthorne could only pant. A full half an hour past before President Coin cleared her throat and addressed the Mockingjay's mentor, "There is nothing else for you to do, Abernathy. There is nothing you can do and she is unfortunately part of the inevitable collateral damage. We will continue onto the next phase with or without her." "I'll just have to drag her out of it then," he said carelessly as if that was common knowledge, "and I should've known better than to ask a boy to do it. A victor would have certainly been successful." This elicited a round of sniggering and amused faces from the victors, and even Plutarch allowed a smile to grace his lips, and Gale had the courtesy of blushing. After all, to be humiliated by a proclaimed useless victor in front of other victors was simply too much for a prideful boy. "You will do nothing of the sort. I will not allow you to derail the revolution," President Coin challenged Haymitch who looked at her nonchalantly as if he had expected her to reject his idea, "You may be her mentor but I'm the President here. You will continue leading your force forward." She had no choice but to lay that card down. No one will rebel against her; and by God's grace, not at this stage of the revolution she had dreamed for many years! "If you knew how important I am in your plans, you would've sent someone much more capable than a mere wannabe," Haymitch snorted as his eyes bored into hers. "Since your chosen can't do a good job, I guess I've gotta be the man to do it." He smirked as he walked round the table, intentionally walking behind her to whisper an after thought, "You're more than welcome to try to stop me." With a swagger and a careless back hand wave, he left the room. The victors shared a look before they started laughing as if they were sharing an inside joke during the intense talk. It was hard to say with conviction that the meeting was fiery or cold, but it was certainly intense. Even Heavensbee was smiling and his eyes twinkled with amusement. The only people who were not sharing the joy were President Coin and Gale Hawthorne and that was expected. The humiliation Haymitch gave Hawthorne is a feat not to be forgotten or forgiven so easily and quickly by the boy. If anything, Gale hated Katniss' mentor even more than before. For President Coin, the spine chilling whisper had her staring at the vacant chair. Haymitch Abernathy was the only remaining Quarter Quell victor and the only one she could not control or tame; everyone here in her district had someone but he had no one and therefore, had nothing to lose. It was this unique thing that made it impossible for her to bend him to her will. However, on hindsight, perhaps having Haymitch Abernathy invading the Capitol would serve her purpose; complete control over everyone in district 13 and ultimately having two of her greatest obstacles obliterating each other. Yes, Haymitch Abernathy's recklessness might very well push her revolution to completion faster than expected and she need only to depend on the beast waking completely and take control. My first fanfic chapter! My following chapters I suppose would be shorter than this one because for the prologue, it seemed difficult to do a break. Sorry about the lengthy prologue. Please review. Thank you.