arena from your home district. Will you wear this?" Madge holds out a circular pin made out of pure gold with a bird in the center of the pin with an arrow in it's beak. It was the pin I saw on her dress earlier today. Without waiting for an answer she leans forward and pins it to my dress. I stare at it as the shiny gold reflects the light, blinding me for a moment. "You've been a great friend to me Katniss." Oh so we are friends. "And I know that you can make it back home. If anyone can survive the Hunger Games, it's you." Funny thing though, she says that I have been a great friend to her. As in past tense. Either she doesn't believe herself what she just said, or on the off chance that I come back, she doesn't expect us to be friends anymore. Who would though? Because every single victor that comes out of the arena is a murderer and killer. Granted, it's legal and necessary if you want to stay alive but that doesn't exactly help matters much. With a kiss on my cheek, Madge is out the door as suddenly as she came in. After a few minutes have gone by without any visitors, I finally begin too lose it as I feel tears prickle the corner of my eyes. Five minutes. I tell myself sternly. Five minutes and that's it. And that's when the body-wracking sobs begin as I bury my face into one of the soft velvet pillows tucked in the corner of the couch. I cry because of everything that has happened since the reaping today. I cry because Prim's was name called which led me to volunteering. I cry because Peeta's name was called. I cry because I will probably never see District 12 and Madge and Gale again. But mostly I cry because I will never see my mom humming as she mixes herbs into concoctions and salves for healing. Nor will I hear my dad as he sings songs of all kinds which never fail to render the birds silent. Never again will I see Prim's eyes light up when I bring home a little trinket for her, whether from town or the forest. And in a week, maybe more, I'll never see the blue of Peeta's eyes again, never smell his heady scent of cinnamon and dill because one or both of us will be dead. That's it, stop! After one last sniffle, I grab some tissues from the box conveniently placed on a small table by the side of the box -probably for this very reason, to dry our tears so that we don't go out looking like a mess of tears, snot, bloodshot eyes and a red puffy nose- and wiped my eyes with them. I spend the rest of my hour composing myself so that I won't look weak on national television. Then I locked all my reasons for crying into a small box that I shoved into a dark corner of my mind, never to be opened again for fear of breaking down. I couldn't let my emotions get in the way of what really mattered; staying alive. Huh, maybe all my visitors' optimism of me being able to win has finally rubbed off on me. My hours up and Peacekeepers escort me to the train station. I had managed to make myself look decent but I can't say the same for Peeta. His eyes are blotchy and there are visible tearstains on his cheeks. There's no mistaking the fact that he's been crying. And a crying Peeta Mellark just makes you want to hug him tightly and shield him from reality. He just looks so sad and dejected. It's the one of the rare times when you won't see a smile on his face accompanied by his everlasting optimism. I reach my hand out to him in silent support, not that it would help much. He takes it anyway and squeezes it, I squeeze back harder, trying to tell him that we'll do this-whatever it is-together, always. There are dozens of reporters at the train station, all holding a camera. The flashes from the cameras temporarily blind me as I stand awkwardly in the doorway of the train, unsmiling, my hand still holding fast to Peeta's. We're finally allowed to go inside and I'm seeing stars as a result of the flashes. I blink rapidly as the doors to the train closes behind us and the train moves immediately. The speed of the train causes me to lose my balance and I steady myself by placing my hand on a window ledge near me. I regain my balance and against my will, look out the window. As the distance between the train and train station widen, I'm taken further and further away from 12. I continue to look out the window, torturing myself as I watch the train station become smaller and smaller. Sure, District 12 is a poverty stricken district, but it's the place I was born and raised. It might not be much, but it's home. And now, I'm on a train, that's taking me away to a place I'd only seen on television to be sent to slaughter with twenty-two strangers and my best friend. I continue to watch as the train station becomes no more than a speck and eventually disappear, taking away with it the life I've known. And the only thing I can think of is that Peeta will never get to paint that picture of the golden-winged warbler. Hi! This is my first fanfiction, so I'd love some feedback and/or advice. English isn't my first language, but it's my dominant one now. Even so, I still make lots of mistakes even after proofreading and that's why I'm looking for a beta. So ,if anyone likes this story and is willing to beta for me, please send me a PM. :)