branch that seems to have held his weight. "You should get down from there, you know." I said with trying to be as threatening as I could with my voice. Though Blaze had ignored me, used to my personality he rarely took me as a threat. Though sometimes I wish he should when I had my arrows out. "If you want me down so badly why don't you climb up yourself and get me?" He asked me. But I merely rolled my eyes, not in the mood at all to play cat and mouse in this situation. "Fine I'll get off in a second. Mom had always said I was a good tree climber. If you practiced it a bit more you'd be good too." Blaze said as he got a good grip on the tree branch. He swung one leg over and let his hands start to slide off carefully. And ever so he was a good decent drop from the ground but he seemed to manage it and landed on his feet. He brushed his hands free of any dirt that was there and looked over at me. "Well let's go." He said with a soft shrug of his shoulders and so we started to head into the woods near the fence. -About thirty minutes later- At last we had finally arrived at the fence. The fence wasn't always charged like it had once been. Well with the electricity going out in this part of the district it was hard to see sometimes it was on. To some people's minds that it was set off to keep people in, and the forest out of their grasp. Either way, only Katniss or the family knew about me and my brother going into the forest and returning back out. It seemed that the peacekeepers were a bit on the lean side of letting us through. They always turned away and ignored us. But if we did get in trouble, the peacekeepers often sent us to mother and father's home again. So they could deal with us. They knew that if one of the old winners of the Hunger Games had gotten in trouble they would have had to alert the Capitol. And we don't even want to go down that path and find out what could happen. In one part of the fence, there was a whole that had been dug into the ground where it looked like some animal had attempted to escape through it. And we were going to do the same. Both of us did not hear the silent buzzing noise of what gave off as a clue that the fence was alive. In fact the electricity seemed to be off now in other parts of the district; the electricity only came on every few hours in the day and was often unpredictable. We were in the clear for now. We managed to squeeze ourselves underneath the fence and into the wilderness. I went first and brother afterwards we successfully made it. After we brushed ourselves off we then tried to decide what to do next. "So do you want to fish, hunt, or check the traps that we left up?" I asked Blaze who didn't seem to answer it. I'm guessing that meant he wasn't sure on what to do. Whatever would make the time pass longer, I suppose. "Alright we'll check the traps, how about that?" I asked him as Blaze spoke up at that time. "Traps it is I guess," Blaze added as he walked along with me into the woods. I had noticed that Blaze was awefully quiet, in fact I was tempted to speak up but in the midst of our walk he did manage to speak up. Like he had blurted it out. In the safety of the forest, it felt like we couldn't be tuched here. Not at all, in fact it was a haven here compared to some parts of district twelve. So I turned to look back to see what he wanted to say. "Do you think we could make it? You know? Running away, from here?" He asked. As I look at him, I find myself dumb founded, never once had I stepped away from District 12 even when my parents had gone so far out to help the tributes in the Hunger Games at the Capitol, for even I hadn't been even to that place where everything is wonderful and as spectacular as can be. But here in District 12, you can guarantee that you may not have any hopes of leaving the district or even getting a meal for the next day. That is how hard life is down here and it only gets worse from there. As I think about it, I wonder if we do have a chance, call it crazy but I wonder if it could just happen. Blaze and I have always teamed up since we were children and my mother Katniss would help us with archery and knives. My cousin Gabe, helped me with setting traps. I just wonder if we would have a chance if we escaped and never came back. Yet, the other side of me tells no, it just can't happen. The peacekeepers would be after us as soon as they find out and it sends a shutter down my spine. So I listen to this side of me, already knowing what Blaze is going to do and react to it. We may get a bit ugly here, "No it's not possible. Even with the skills that we have we won't be able to outrun the hover crafts and other technology that the capitol has. We'd have to do something like faking our deaths even, or even disappearing off the map. And I'm not ready to lose everything we have." And as I look into Blaze's eyes, they are a familiar in my brother; I can already see the frustration that is starting to build inside him.