from the oven. Before I knew what she was doing, she shoved it in my frozen hands. "Take it," she said, her voice soft but firm. "My family had extra." Without waiting for a response, she ran back inside. With a renewed sense of energy and hope, I gathered all my strength and ran back home. For the first time in months, I went to bed that night with a full stomach. "Um, can I help you?" Katniss asked, snapping me out of my reverie. My cheeks flushed with embarrassment as I wondered how long I had been standing there, staring at her like an idiot. "Yes, sorry." I walked up to the counter and placed my bag on it. "I have the herbs your mom asked for." Katniss peered in the bag, as if to make sure they were all there. "Good." She reached under the counter and retrieved a small container. "She said to give you this." I grabbed the medicine and put it in my bag with Rye's candies. It wasn't very big, just a small vile of cream that helped to keep his airways open. "Where is you mom?" I asked casually. Katniss looked suddenly uncomfortable. "Getting my sister ready for the Reaping." That explains it. "It's her first one." I nodded. "Well, good luck to both of you." Katniss scrutinized me, as if to see if I was being genuine. She must have seen something that convinced her I was, because eventually she graced me with a small smile. "Thank you." I nodded and turned around toward the door. I was running very late by now and would have to hurry to make it to the Reaping on time. Just as I was about to walk out the door, Katniss's voice stopped me. "Peeta?" she called. I turned toward her. "Good luck to you and your brother too." I smiled and pushed my way back through the door. "Rye!" I called as I walked into the house. "I got your medicine!" Rye strolled into the room with a grin on his face. He had already bathed, and he was dressed up in Chibs's old dress clothes. "It's about damn time," he huffed. I rolled my eyes and placed the container in front of him. "I'm going to go get ready. I'm already running late." Rye grinned at me. "You're lucky. The bath should still be warm." I quickly stripped and scrubbed the dirt from my skin. Rye had lied; the water was ice cold. When I got out, I discovered that my dad had laid out some of his old dress clothes for me. They were a bit too small, but they fit better than Chibs's would have. When I came back into the kitchen, Rye was sitting at the table still, his head in his hands, a slight snore coming from him. I snuck up behind him as quietly as I could, then smacked him upside his head. With a snort, he jerked awake. He turned around and glared at me, rubbing the back of this head dramatically. "What was that for?!" he exclaimed. "Lying about the water. Come on, we have to go." Rye grumbled, but stood and followed me out the door nonetheless. Our walk through town took longer than mine had earlier, because Rye had to walk at a slower pace. He would have trouble standing for the duration of the Reaping, but luckily Gale and he were the same age and would be able to stand together in case he needed help. When we finally got to the square and had to separate, I turned to Rye with a firm expression. "You're going to stay with Gale the entire time and let him help you when you need it." Rye rolled his eyes. "Jeez, you would think I'm the younger sibling." I narrowed my eyes. "Rye." Rye groaned. "Sir, yes, sir." I turned to go to my section, but Rye caught my arm before I could take a step. "I'll see you after, right?" For the first time in a while, I saw genuine fear in his eyes. I gave him a reassuring smile. "Right." The ceremony began just as I made it to my designated section. It seemed that I wasn't the only late arriver. Haymitch Abernathy, the lone surviving victor of District 12, stumbled onto the stage and plopped into his seat just as the Mayor went to the microphone to begin his speech. Effie Trinket, the Capitol escort, glared daggers at him. I tuned out the mayor's speech, having heard it so many times it was practically burned into my brain. How Panem had risen out of the ruins of what was formally North America. How the 13 districts had rebelled against their wonderful government that was the Capitol during the Dark Days. How District 13 had been obliterated and now the annual sending off of our children to slaughter was our punishment. All too soon, the speech was over and Effie Trinket took her place at the microphone. She cleared her throat, then chirped out in her high pitched Capitol accent, "Ladies first!" XXXXXXXXX Woo hoo! A super long chapter to start off the story! All chapters probably won't be this long, but I will aim to keep them all above 2000 words. So, what did you guys think? Should I have kept the old chapters? Was I right to rewrite them? Let me know with a lovely review! ;) Love always, YesIWriteForFun P.S. Not exactly sure when I will update again, but it will probably be next weekend. Right now, I only have the first 5 chapters written. I had really wanted to wait until I had the whole story typed out and edited before I posted it, but I was just too excited to share this with you guys to wait! So, like I said, no promises, but if I am seriously encouraged, I might be willing to post the next chapter tomorrow... ;)