"I sorry it's not allowed" she replied, standing her post firmly, unwilling to budge from her spot. "I don't care" I told her as I finally shoved her out the way and opened the door. I was immediately taken aback by the sight of her. Her long brown hair was tangled and messy and was completely covered her face from sight. She had curled up into a foetal position, her body gently shaking with sobs. "Annie" I said gently as I approached her trembling form. Her head shot up in response, her green eyes glistening with tears, causing my heart to break into million pieces from just seeing her current state. "Annie" I sighed quickly covering the remaining distance between us and rushing to her side. "Come here" I cooed as I made an attempt to pull her sobbing body into an embrace but she pulled away shaking her head, fear plastered across her face. "Annie, it's me, Finnick, you trust me, I'm never going to hurt you, ever" I told her, tears brimming in my own eyes. I hated everything. How could it be fair that the time I find someone I love, well I think I love her I haven't really felt love before so have nothing to compare it to, she is broken by the capitol and their pointless games. She seemed to relax slightly at my words and came back towards me, allowing me to pull her into a hug which she quickly returned, burying her face into my shirt, staining it with salt water. I didn't care though, against all the odds, I had the girl I loved back in my arms. Annie slowly seemed to get better after she was released from the hospital, though her sleep was still riddled with nightmare, like all victor's were, they had got so bad I could constantly hear her screaming. I couldn't let here just face them alone, so every night I found myself in her house, in her room, gently comforting her till she fell back into sleep. It was on one of these that everything changed. "You have to stop this" she told me one night. "Stop what?" I asked, my arms still wrapped around her, gently rocking her back and fourth. "Coddling me, I am never gonna to get better if keep helping me" she explained, turning away like she was scared to face me. "Maybe I like coddling you" I replied, cupping her checks and turning her head so she was facing me. "Maybe I can't live without coddling you" I added, my forehead now pressed to hers, our breaths mingling. My eyes drifted to her soft lips, and every fibre of my being wanted to press my own lips to them but a bigger more powerful part of me told me to think better of it. Annie's eyelids had fluttered close in anticipation of kiss she thought was coming before I pushed her away and stood up from the bed. Her eyes snapped open and a look of hurt filled her face, breaking my heart in two. "Annie, I'm sorry-" I began but her shaking voice cut me off. "No, it's ok, I understand, you're Finnick Odiar, the amazing person who can have any lover he wants, so why would her want me?" her voice was breaking a tears were falling down her checks as she spoke. "Annie, I don't love any of those women like I love you, in fact I don't love anyone like I love you" I told her, realising only too late what I had just confessed. I shouldn't have told her I love her but the words just felt so right to say. "You love me?" she asked in her small timid voice, her green eyes shinning as they looked up into my own. "Yes" I told her, meaning that one simple words completely, no doubt in my mind about it. "Then why won't you kiss me?" she said, her question taking me completely off guard. I knew I shouldn't tell her, but I needed to tell someone after years of keeping it to myself. Years of extravagant women. Years of fear that someone else would die in a freak 'accident' like my sister had. Years of hate for myself for my parents hatred and blame for my sisters death, neither willing to forgive me for something I had caused by saying no. "Because of what Snow makes me do. He sells victors" I told her, my voice hard to keep the sadness from my voice. "Oh" Annie replied simply, shocked by my revelation. "I do love you Annie" I told her, finally allowing a trace of sadness to creep into my voice. "I don't care what Snow makes you do, I love you Finnick" she replied, a shy smile spreading across her face. A similar smile spread across my own as I covered the distance between us in a few quick strides and captured her lips with mine, finally kissing someone who I really loved and who loved me back I could still remember the exact feeling of her lips on mine as I heard her voice echo through the district 13 corridor. Then I saw her, her brown her was tangled and scrappy and she was dressed in nothing but a sheet, but she was still perfect. "Finnick!" she cried again when she saw me, her green eyes lighting up with mine doing the same at the sight of the woman I thought I had lost to Snow forever. I quickly rushed forward to meet her like there was no one else in this broken world than us two. I pulled her into a tight hug, embracing the one woman I could ever love and pulled her tightly to me, never wishing to let her go again. As she wrapped her arms around me, we lost our footing and slammed into the wall next to us, where we stayed, clinging to each . Please review!