was becoming ragged with his internal struggle. "What's real and what isn't?" I asked. We were still so close to the fireworks and the explosions were so loud. At least we had finally gotten away from the crowd. "No, let go of me!" Peeta finally exclaimed as he pulled away from me. That was when I finally got a good look at him. His face was contorted in both rage and pain. His face had become completely pale and sweat was covering him. Yet, the thing that caught my attention, was his eyes. They weren't that familiar blue. I could hardly make out the blue actually. They had dilated almost completely with the faintest hint of the blue outlining them. "Katniss, please…" he dug around his pockets and pulled out handcuffs. "I don't want to hurt you…I just…" Peeta threw the cuffs at my feet and grabbed his head again, this time yelling. The explosions covered his yell. "Get away!" I didn't know what else to do. I pick up the cuffs (somewhere, in the back of my mind, I'm surprised Peeta's this prepared) and slowly walk towards him again. "This is going to pass. It's all going to be okay again. Please, Peeta…" This was becoming one of the bad episodes. The ones where he would black out. He just shook his head and held out his wrists. Without question, I handcuffed them, but still held on to them. "Remember what's real? Remember that everything that actually happened isn't distorted. It isn't shiny." Peeta groaned. "No, that isn't true!" he yelled. "You…you were…you tried to kill me!" "Do you remember our first Games? We worked as a team." "No! No, just stop it!" "All those years ago at the bakery. When you threw me that bread. Was that real?" "Stop!" His yell was something akin to a wild animal. I dropped his hands and took a few steps back when I saw the look in his eyes. Pure hatred. Even now, they were still getting to him, trying to destroy us both. I had to get him back. "Daddy!" "Tully no!" I screamed as I saw her throw herself into Peeta's legs. She had latched onto him before I could register she was even coming. It was those explosions from the fireworks. They were throwing me completely off. I ran towards her and pulled her off of him, wrapping her tightly in my arms. I knelt on the ground while I tried to keep Tully from him. "Let go! I want Daddy! Please Daddy! I'm scared! I don't like them!" Tully cried as she struggled against me. Peeta froze, staring at her with his dilated eyes. There wasn't any kind of recognition in his eyes. He didn't even remember his own daughter. "Please, Daddy," Tully cried, this time at a barely audible level. "Tully?" he asked softly, looking down at her. When I looked at his eyes, I felt my heart swell. The blue was coming back. Peeta was coming back. He was coming back to us. He knelt on the ground with us. Tully squirmed away from me and ran to Peeta, burying her face in his chest. Peeta hugged her as best as he could with the handcuffs. I took deep breaths. It was okay, now. It passed, just like they always do. "Thank goodness! She's okay. I swear, I just put her down for a second and then she took off on me." Haymitch panted as he slowed down to a jog to reach us. When he actually looked at the state we were in, he frowned. "Everything all right here?" he asked. He noticeably stiffened when he noticed the handcuffs on Peeta. "Yeah, everything's all right." Peeta said quietly. He looked up at me and gave me a small smile. He looked tired, but he was back. "We should probably get back to the house though." Tully nodded and continued holding on to Peeta as if he were her life source. I close the gap between me and Peeta and undo the handcuffs. As soon as I did, he wrapped both me and Tully in his arms. "We should get going," I whisper. The fireworks were still exploding and I didn't want Peeta to relapse. He agreed and stood up, carrying Tully in his arms. It was a quiet walk back to the Victor's Village. Every step we took, the explosions became quieter and quieter. By the end, Tully was fast asleep. We say our goodnights to Haymitch and I promise him that he's going to hear it from me tomorrow. He just shakes his head, muttering something about it not being his fault Tully took off on him. We tuck Tully in and make our way to our bedroom. Peeta grabs my hand as we walk. "So are you going to say 'I told you so.'?" A grim smile comes on my face. "Not this time." I stop to really look at him before we go in our room. He's still pale and looks drained. But his eyes are still that wonderful blue that always reminds me of love and hope. I place my hand on his cheek. "Please, don't ever leave us like that. Don't ever leave me like that." He grabs my hand that's on his cheek and holds it there. "Don't you know by now?" he asks softly. I furrow my brows, wondering what he's talking about. "Katniss, I love you and the kids too much to ever leave completely. Even during my worst episodes, I know I have to come back because I love all of you too much. I will always come back." I don't say anything. I just press up against him and hold him tight. He doesn't say anything, just kisses me gently on my head. And despite everything that's happened this evening, I smile. I smile because I know he's right. That he will always come back. And him holding me right now is completely real.