to his room, Roxxanniea hot on his heels. "Mr. Odair! We need to talk about some things!" She said. And they both were gone, leaving Torin and Rayne alone. Rayne looked at Torin, "Why do you like Mr. Odair so much? You know he has many girls all over him, a different girl all the time. He's just a big flirt." Her nose wrinkled at the thought. Looking out the window, Torin shrugged "I know a lot about him, my dad's brother was in the reapings with him. Sure he has all those Capitol women all over him but… Finnick loves a girl named Annie… and I don't really think he has a choice in being with those women." Rayne stayed quiet after that, neither of them talked to the other. Roxxanniea and Finnick came back. "Okay, Kiddies." Finnick said, "How are we doing? We ready to eat? Let's eat." "Well let's go to the dinning cart." Roxxy said, smiling and making her way toward the dinning cart. "Come, come! We're going to have a wonderful dinner!" They all sat at the table eating, Torin didn't touch his food, refusing to eat food made by Capitol hands. Finnick nudged Torin a little, leaning towards the boy. "Hey, if you eat, I'll show you a little about how to really use a trident." Finnick wore a huge grin. Torin began eating, shoveling his food in his mouth. Finnick laughed. The rest of the day went by fast and now Torin was settling in. The bed was amazing and he fell asleep without a problem but the next morning was a disaster. They only had a few more hours until they reached the Capitol. Torin and Rayne were both full of nerves. They sat picking at their breakfast. Roxxanniea bustled around the train, getting ready. Finnick sat in chair staring at a picture of Annie. The day was slow and tense. "Roxxy, what happens when we get to the Capitol?" Rayne asked. "Well, we get our living quarters then we go to get ready for the chariot rides." Roxxy replied. "Then it goes on from there, you'll see. Why do you ask? Didn't you watch?" Rayne shook her head. "No, I…I couldn't bear to watch any of it…Those people killing each other. It bothers me." Roxxy pouted. "Oh, I'm so sorry dear…" "How could you do things like that? Send children to murder one another." Torin muttered. "Well, I don't ma-" "It's horrible! Sick!" Torin cut Roxxanniea off, he stood up abruptly, knocking the chair back. He pointed at Roxxy. "What if we put all the Capitol children into the games?" he threw his arms out "Hunh?!" Finnick walked up to Torin, resting his hand on the boys shoulder. "Calm down, Torin." "But…" "I understand what you're trying to say, but don't take it out on Roxxy. Kay?" Finnick patted Torin's shoulder. Torin nodded, looking away. "Kay… Sorry Roxxy…" Roxxanniea smiled a little, shaking her head. "That's alright, sweetie. It's alright to feel angry." Torin began to pinch his fingertips. "I'll be in my room. Tell me when we reach the Capitol." He made his way to his room. Roxxy and Finnick shared a look. "I'll talk to him." Finnick said. Torin threw himself onto his bed, sulking. A knock sounded on the door. "Hey, kid?" Finnick's head popped through the crack in the door. "You okay? Can I come in? Just you and me." Torin turned his sea green eyes to Finnick, he shrugged. Finnick came in, closing the door. "Not exactly the welcome I expected. I mean, I thought you practically worshipped me. I expected you to like jump up and bow down before me saying 'Oh yes great Finnick, please, I beg you, come within my dull little room and grace me with your presence'." Torin cracked a smile. "Ah! There's a smile, let's keep that up." Finnick sat on the bed beside Torin, his face becoming serious. He looked at the boys hands that where still pinching at his fingertips. "You nervous?" Torin shrugged, looking away, his smile fading. "I'm scared. I don't think I'm going to make it." "Hey, don't think like that. You'll do great. You're pretty savvy with a trident and amazing at throwing spears. I think you've got this." Finnick assured. Torin looked at Finnick frowning deeply. "What about Rayne? She's only thirteen." He was worried about the little girl, he couldn't just kill her. Could he? "Yeah, that's a problem." Finnick rubbed his chin then shrugged. "Just do what you think is right." He tapped Torin on the chest with his finger, "listen to what your heart thinks is right." Those words made Torin's throat tighten and his eyes prick with tears. "Alright." He said in a rough, thick voice. Finnick smiled. "Good, good. Now, anything else we need to get all deep about, cry our eyes out? Maybe even spew a little of our life's story?" Torin laughed a little. "I'm good. Thanks Finnick." Finnick got up shrugging. "Hey, no problem kid. If you need anyone to talk to or anything, come to me. I'll help you best I can." He walked out of the room. Immediately after Roxxanniea came in, "Oh, Torin! We're almost to the Capitol! Come on, Get ready!" She had a huge grin on her porcelain face. She ran off to do goodness knows what. Torin got up and came out of the room he went to the window, looking out at the Capitol, frowning. One Step closer to the 86th Hunger Games. X3 My first Hunger Games Fanfiction! I hope you all like it I worked super hard on it! I have the whole thing written out, not typed and I gotta fix the last two chapters a bit but no worries ima have it all up as quick as I can. Please be sweet and give me lots of reviews! I don't mind people flaming either, haters make me famous and haters gonna hate ;3 lol.