greet the first snowfall in the woods with me. Everything seems really magical when you're beyond the town proper. The fireflies become your twinkle lights, the Christmas trees decorated with ornaments, become looming pine trees. And I don't really need a mistletoe to get kissed. And we do so with abandonment, as we come up for air, by cosmic coincidence the first snowfall also appears. I point it out excitedly to him and was surprised to see him staring at me instead. I tilt my head to the side. "What's wrong?" "Nothing, everything's perfect, especially, you" He says this with awe. I was mesmerized by his gaze and before long, we lean towards each other again, laughing at the small puffs now clinging to our hair and clothing. "I love you, Katniss" Looking at him, I smile a bit sappily "… I love you, too, Cato" and that's how I knew that this three words were similar to the in love with you version. I'm in love with this boy in front of me. It took months but the important thing here is that we made it. … Christmas was a happy event, Cato's father will be visiting for Christmas but would have to fly out early the next day. The decorations to Greenbrier was opulent, no expense was spared. The garlands hang in the grand staircase and doorways, twinkle lights litters the driveway and the windows. It was a grand event and in the morning, we exchanged gifts. Cato's father left him with a fat check, it really is quite impersonal but Cato said that his dad has always been the practical one. My mother got an earring from my father while my father got a nice coat from my mother. My parents gave me a laptop computer and an extension of my curfew—Cato and me were actually more pleased with the latter gift, much to my mother's amusement and my father's consternation. They gave Prim the horse after Cato said that he'll have a small stable built behind our little cottage for all her pets. It would be his Christmas gift to her. Our family gave Cato a pair of mittens engraved with his name. It was silly, compared to his other expensive clothing, but he loved it a lot. Cato wanted to be alone with me before he gives his gift to me. When everyone else has retired to the rooms prepared within Greenbrier, Cato pulled out a small square box. "You're not going to propose to me, are you?" I ask a bit incredulously. "What!?" he asks, "No… but maybe… don't worry, it'll be soon" My look must have been horrific and hopeful at the same time because he laughs shortly after. "Just open it" he advices. As I open the lid, I gasp in surprise at the ring nestled within the velvet. The band was metallic, platinum with a single diamond resting in the middle, it wasn't a really big diamond but it more than made up for the in the triple Cs. I'm not a jewel hugging girl but I also know that this would've cost a pretty penny. A very pretty penny at that. "It's beautiful, Cato, thank you." My throat feels clogged and he hugs me to him tightly. "I tried to get something that embodies you but there's no ring that exquisite, do you really like it, love?" He whispers softly to my ear. "Yes, I like it but I love the man that gave this more" At that, I step onto his shoes to reach his lips. His startled laughter is muffled by my enthusiastic kisses that I peppered over his face. … Epilogue Summer in Greencove was really a thing to behold because it wasn't really that hot, still we like to pretend that it is, which is why I'm now walking down the street in just a razorback shirt and some shorts and of course, my trusty boots. I'm also wearing a shades to shield from the not so bright sun. Beside me, my boyfriend of two years, four months, and ten days is sipping a frappuccino, which I occasionally sip in as well. Also wearing a shades, wearing a casual white shirt that actually costs more than the ordinary long-sleeved polo displayed at the stores here in Greencove, and a cargo short. We're both wearing our trusty boots. Sometimes, people would gape at us but we mostly ignore them, totally lost in each other's presence. We'll be moving out soon and heading off to our respective universities. He's gonna be taking up engineering and double-majoring in business management while I'll be going into liberal arts, I'm not really sure whether I'm gonna be a star but Cato says that everything is possible for me. Despite going off in the outside world, I know that Cato and me will still be coming back here… after all Greencove or more specifically, Greenbrier is our home—Cato's father transferred the deed to him on his 18th birthday. Looking up at him through our shades, I rub my promise ring lightly again, moving it around. He props his shades up and also removes mine so he can look into my eyes. Leaning his forehead over me, his hands join mine as our fingers carefully touches the other ring that's now in my left finger. This one has a bigger diamond and has also been featured in the local and nationwide newspapers. 'Country Girl marries Thurston Heir', or 'Thurston heir gets hitched', their captions said. I much prefer the headline in the Greencove newspaper, which is 'Cato Thurston officially engaged to Katniss Everdeen.' And for once, since Greencove was established, the locals were the first to hear the news… instead of the rest of the world. The End. I wrote this story over the weekend because I couldn't get it off my head. Sorry for the delay in Gladiolus. I'll be going back to that story now, nonetheless, hope you like this story.