The Capitol should expect this kind of stuff more often." Radiance stared at her. "You're a Gamemaker? You sound more like, I don't know." Her voice trailed. Gemini grinned, "I'm a Heavensbee, our family is entitled to our own opinions on life. Everyone knows we say what we think. But you need to rest, this afternoon's been quite a shocker." Radiance easily fell asleep, and Gemini ordered some white wine. She had thrown away the pills the nurses had given her. She hated medicine, alcohol could calm you one down just as well. It was too bad the escort had been so badly hurt, they had definitely not been in the plan. Copper should have stepped away in time, but she'd been too concerned with Radiance's emotional state. Well, at least it didn't make her look involved. She turned on the TV, making sure the volume was set fairly low. Thankfully, her contacts had debugged certain compartments on the train before it left the Capitol. She had gone to the President, claimed it might encourage the mentors to talk. And since he trusted her to report everything back to him, all was good. She grinned as she held up her glass of wine, "A toast to you, Uncle Plutarch, for setting all this up." Capitol, the evening of the Attack in District Seven The plan had worked, Annora smiled as she listened to the newscaster prattle on. Footage of the mob in seven was fairly tame, showing district slaves throwing Molotov Cocktails was definitely not in Capitol taste. Of course the camera crew couldn't help the fact that they had been filming the tour, and the attack had aired live. Annora shrugged off her high heels, grateful that the attack would get her an evening off. People here would be too worked up to request her company. She sank into a comfy sofa, as the anchor spoke of how well Radiance was. Everyone was in a frenzy, they could hardly think of anything other than worrying about Radiance's state of health. The phone rang, and Annora sighed. It better not be some Capitolite. She didn't feel like speaking to any of them. "Hello?" "Hey, am I allowed to talk to you tonight?" Annora grinned, "Hey, Snider." District 12's sole male victor, and probably the only person who understood her. "I suppose I could allow myself to invest in your company." "Really. Didn't know my company was such an investment." His sarcasm always made her feel goofy, "Snider, shut up. My line is always open, especially for people like you. You've seen the news?" "Who hasn't? Quite a show, definitely makes this victory tour memorable." "For sure. But it leaves my evening free. I'm just going to sleep, I think." "Too bad," Snider chuckled, "Wish I could be there, it's rare for you to have a free night, huh?" Annora felt her cheeks redden, "Come on, Sni. If I have a free night, I'm not sharing it with you." "Too bad. Anyway just called to check on you. Raquel's going to burst in here any minute. That upset in 7 is going to make her wild. I've got to hold the fort, ya know." Raquel, the victor they all had to keep in line. "Sure," Annora toyed with her hair, loosening the high ponytail, "I just need to go get some sleep. See you soon, Snider." "Yeah, you too Annora. Have fun." "Thanks," She held the phone, listening as the dial tone buzzed. She wished she could chat with him every evening. The news was playing footage of Radiance, emphasizing her face when the attack occurred. Apparently she didn't see it coming, and everyone was weepy-eyed for how afraid she must have been when it exploded. These Capitol jerks were plain stupid. It doesn't matter how you felt as a tribute, how fearful the arena was, or how awful it feels to kill someone. But once you're a victor, even stubbing your toes is a national trauma. District One A few weeks before the Reaping of the 101st Games Radiance stayed away from the training center, spending most of her hours hanging out at Copper's house. Copper was still bandaged up from the victory tour attack, and Radiance spent most of her day reading to her mentor. "So," Copper looked up from the puzzle she was working with, "You know who's going to volunteer this year." Radiance pursed her lips, "Do we have to talk about this?" Copper sighed, "Honey, the reaping's only a couple weeks away. I'm not cleared to mentor, it's going to be you and Odyssey." Radiance knew the doctor said Copper couldn't mentor. But she was hoping that her mentor would get well in time. "You still think you shouldn't this year?" "I'm going with you, but I have a whole slew of doctor's appointments. I can't help the tributes if I'm knocked up on drugs. Besides, Odyssey can give you a ton of help." "It's just, I think I know who's going to volunteer, and I'm worried for her." "How do you know, is she a friend of yours?" Radiance looked at the book, the words blurring together, "We always said we'd volunteer back to back. I mentioned that maybe she doesn't have to, but she wants to, I think." Copper nodded, "She saw you win, why shouldn't she think she can't win as well?" "I just know she'll get hurt, and I don't want to be responsible." Copper sighed, "Don't feel responsible. I mean, you can't bear that guilt, it will crush you. You need to talk to Odyssey, he can really understand what you're going through." "Don't you understand me just as well?" She stood up, "I can choose to think about my experience. But it just demobilizes me. When Odyssey thinks about his, whatever, feelings I guess, He gets motivated. We're complete opposites. He just handles stuff better." She brushed back her hair, "I need to go take a vinegar bath, I'm sorry."