her head was bashed sharply to the ground by Thresh, the quiet older brother of Rue. "You might want to go. Take Peeta and get away from here," he whispered to her. He didn't have to tell Katniss twice. She was already on her feet, signaling to Peeta. However, before Peeta could follow, he had a brief encounter with Cato, who, blaming Katniss for Clove's death, had seen the signal to the other boy. With a quick slash, his knife found Peeta's upper leg, leaving a deep gash. Peeta refused to think about the blood loss, though, and met up with Katniss. Together, they ran, leaving Cato and Thresh to battle it out against each other. Finding a nearby cave, Katniss and Peeta slowed and ducked in to its shelter. Both collapsing following the run, Katniss gasped for breath as Peeta hissed in pain from the wound Cato had dealt him. Katniss, whose mother worked as a nurse at the local hospital, took a look at it and was surprised by what she saw. What had started out as a simple gash had quickly become infected and she suspected blood poisoning. How had it become infected that quickly? "I…I think Cato…coated his knife in…poison," Peeta explained. "There's…no other way…that…it would get this bad…so quickly," he explained between gasps of pain. Trying to be resourceful, Katniss glanced around the area quickly, looking for any herbs or other plants she could use to soothe Peeta's pain. However, it was Prim who was destined to follow in their mother's footsteps and Katniss, despite her hunter's instincts, found herself weirded out by many health conditions. She had to do something, though, or Peeta would be dead in a matter of hours and she didn't want that; she had already lost Gale and Prim. It would hurt too much to lose Peeta now too. It didn't matter, though. There was nothing that Katniss could do. She lacked both the experience and the needed remedies. No matter what, there was no other option. Peeta was going to die…and he was going to die soon. He was already fading. The light that always seemed to shine in his bright blue eyes was quickly darkening. "Peeta," she cried out, afraid to lose him, "stay with me!" With another sharp gasp, he quietly replied, "Always." However, she knew it was just a programmed response. He had no control this time. Katniss could see his breaths becoming more ragged as the poison began to grip at his lungs. Only minutes later, she knew his end was finally approaching. However, strangely enough, as life left his body and his eyes began to drift closed for the last time, he kept repeating one word over and over again. "Katniss! Katniss!" She shut her eyes to hide her tears because, frankly, she'd never been one to cry, but things tend to change when you lose so many people in one day. Was she the next one to die? How would she die? Would she die as violently as the others? "Katniss!" Peeta! Hadn't he already died? What was going on? She opened her eyes and noticed that she was staring out at the dormant mountain again. Wait…it was dormant…as in, it wasn't spewing angry torrents of lava everywhere. The forest was calm. They were setting up the campsite. Whoa, back up! They. Were. Setting. Up. The. Campsite. She had seen all this before. Peeta had called her name twice. He had wanted her to help him with the poles. "Katniss!" he yelled to her again, this time with urgency. No…way. This can't be happening. Turning around, she saw Peeta with those poles in his hand. She knew it! He was going to ask for his help. "Finally! Can you help me out here? I need you to place the other side of this pole while I place this side, okay?" That was exactly what he had said before. Just like before, she nodded and she hesitantly walked over to the tent that Peeta and Cato were working on. This time, she knew what she was doing; she was hesitant because she knew the outcome…and it was not good. Let's see…what happened next? I went to go help Peeta and Cato and…oh, wait, that's right, Effie wanted music so she put on that song , Katniss puzzled over what she had seen. No reason to worry just yet. Effie was still preoccupied with helping Gale and Haymitch. Gale! That's right. Gale's still alive! Katniss helped Peeta out with the first pole and just before they were going to start the second pole, Effie pulled herself from the other tent and did what Katniss, even though she knew she was going to, dreaded. "It's too quiet here. We need some music!" she spoke in her chirpy voice and strolled over to that familiar bin with the battery-powered radio in it. Once she had set it up, Katniss found herself praying that the song would not be the same. However, Effie tuned into that first clear station and Katniss's heart sunk. I cannot lie From you I cannot hide And I'm losing the will to try Can't hide it Can't fight it So go on Go on Come on Leave me breathless Tempt me Tease me until I can't deny this loving feeling (Loving feeling) Make me long for your kiss Go on Go on Yeah Come on Disbelief played across Katniss's face and her thoughts jumbled as everything that she had just seen came back to her. Then, her mind went blank and she could only think one thing. I'm going to die…we're all going to die… I dunno if this idea's ever been done for The Hunger Games, but, if it has, I intend to make mine a lot different. Not much else to say, so I'll get this posted up really quick and watch the end of the Packers/Chargers game. Hope everyone enjoyed the first chapter. Until next time… Posted: August 9, 2012