sentence to Emberly. " And apparently Mommy is not smiling today…" Peeta said. " I heard that!" I barked from the kitchen. " Is something wrong?" Peeta asked as he joined me in the kitchen and set Emberly down on the floor. " I don't know if wrong is the word to use…" I mumbled as I put a few pieces of fresh fruit on the table that I had gotten from the Hob. " Mama is mad…" Emberly pointed out as she moved toward the table and tried to quickly grab my hunting knife from it. " Emberly, no!" I scolded as I snapped the knife up before she could get it, reminding myself to put it away since Emerbly seemed to be fascinated by anything sharp lately. Emberly looked up at me with Peeta's blue eyes and her lip quivered. I knew what was coming next and I was not in the mood for it. " Emberly Prim Mellark, do not start crying! You know better then to touch Mommy's knife," I ordered which only made Emberly bust out into tears. " Katniss, come on, she is only a baby…" Peeta said, scooping Emberly up and letting her settle her face into his neck. " She isn't a baby, Peeta, she is two…and you don't want her playing with a knife either!" I reasoned, feeling bad I made her cry, but also not in the mood for a lecture from Peeta. It seemed, when it came to Emberly, I had to be the stern parent. " Well, no, but she is still a baby to me…" Peeta said and kissed Emberly's dark hair softly. " Well, you will have another one of those soon enough." I mumbled. That was not exactly how I wanted to tell Peeta I was pregnant again, I was just so irritated. I still wasn't sure if I was doing a good job with Emberly and now I had another one to worry about. " I…what?" Peeta froze in place. " I…I found out today…I had been feeling strange…like I felt with Emberly and so I went and got it confirmed…apparently one night unprotected is all it takes with you Peeta Mellark!" I said over my shoulder as I move to put the fruit away. It was true. One night Haymitch had had a party at his house for the arrival of his own son Damir. Damir was a surprise to everyone including myself and Peeta. Apparently, he was the product of a one-night stand with a younger girl who had moved from District 10. Her name was Sarah and she seemed to hardly want anything to do with Haymitch other then let him have their son once a week. She lived down the street from him and hardly talked to him. At the party, both Peeta and I had come home just ever so slightly intoxicated and we had forgotten to use something while having our own celebration that night. In the morning we cursed ourselves, for drinking in the first place, me more for the lack of protection used. Though we were both sure nothing would come from one single night. " You're pregnant?" Peeta could hide the excitement in his voice. I turned and looked at him as if I was stupid; as if he had not just heard what I said, "Apparently." Peeta smiled proudly, but then his brow furrowed as I turned back to putting the fruit away, "You're upset?" I turned to look at him, not wanting him to feel guilty. This time, it was just a mistake we both made. After Emberly, he had never asked me again for another child. He seemed content with her, as if he didn't want to ruin things by being too greedy. I sighed, "No…I'm not upset. It happened…I just…I am just getting the hang of her…" I motion to Emberly who is no longer crying in Peeta's arms but is now glaring at me as if she can really tell I am speaking about her and my skills as a mother with her. " You will be fine. You are a natural with her," Peeta said. I don't know if that's true, but he's not the only one who tells me that so maybe it is. " Well…we will find out, won't we?" I sighed again though I give him a small smile. Peeta smiles back, "You will be happy, just like you were when Emberly got here." " I is here." Emberly said with a huff. Peeta laughed at her and so did I. She could be a lot of work, but she was always a joy. I hoped Peeta would be right about the second one. Of course he was. The second I held Galen I knew it was true. He calmed my nerves, was such a quiet baby. So different from his sister, and yet equally as rewarding. He seemed to be telling me from the first day I saw him that I would do just fine; and he remained that calm his whole life. Galen is a quiet boy, with a big heart and a moral streak that might rival Peeta's. He, like Peeta, can bring me the calmness I often seek when the fire Emberly brings home with her will ignite my own. Both of my children are everything I would have wanted in a family; everything I do want, everything I didn't know I wanted. To be able to see them grow and learn and be free in a world where they don't have to worry about food, or the Hunger Games, or a rebellion, it is truly a dream come true. But I should have known that dream wouldn't last. My nightmares have always been stronger then my dreams and this one was no different. I should have known it would have only been a matter of time before that dream was shattered. And the unexpected arrival of Effie Trinket did just that.