a strong knock on the bathroom door to remind me. "What?" I growl, assuming it is one of the Peacekeepers. "Young lady! Manners!" Effie's voice comes through the door. I quickly remember that Effie was coming to visit. That was why I needed to sober up. I sigh. I am not ready for her visit. "Give me a minute," I say, wiping water from my face. "I'll be out here!" Effie calls through the door. I rolls my eyes and get out of the shower, throwing some clean clothes on and examining myself in the mirror. I hardly look at myself anymore; I am ashamed to, but today I do and I realize how awful I really look. No amount of makeup is going to fix the vacant stare or the circles under my eyes, or the fact that I have lost at least fifteen pounds. I know Effie is going to have a field day when she sees me. I decide to get it over with and move out into my bedroom to find Effie by the window, looking around in disgust. She turns when she hears the bathroom door opened and her expression says it all. "Emberly! Good god! You look just terrible! The room is a sight in itself, but you! What has happened to you?" Effie is now in front of my, placing her hands on my frail shoulders. I know she can easily feel my collarbone. I shrug; I don't know what to say to her. "Have you been eating? " Effie asks, seriously concerned. "A little," I decide not to lie to her. Effie sighs and looks around the room, her eyes landing on the bottle next to my bed. She looks disappointed. "Drink does not fix anything. Haven't you learned that from Haymitch?" Effie scolds. "It doesn't matter," I say shrugging Effie's hand off of my shoulder. "Emberly, I am deeply concerned. This place is a disaster; you look like the walking dead…what has been going on? Have you seen your parents? What does your mother think of all of this? I can't imagine Katniss is very pleased—" Effie rambles. "She hasn't seen this place. I haven't seen them since I got home," I tell Effie the truth, trying to gather my senses enough to act collected and cool. I know it's important to keep Effie at a distance. Effie seems completely appalled by this revelation. "Emberly, why would you do that? Surely that is devastating for them." I shrug, knowing the room is more then likely bugged and that this is important to sell my story on. "Because I didn't feel like it. I am just not interested in seeing them." "Well, young lady, you better get interested because the Capitol is dying for an interview with all of you!" Effie snaps. I nearly panic at this information because this is not something I thought of. Of course the Capitol wants an interview. How did I think I would really be able to keep my parents away from me? I decide to change the subject. "I want to see Mason." Effie seems to dismiss this request. "And you will in a few weeks for the Victory Tour. Right now though, we need to sort out you. You look terrible and you need to get on good terms with your parents and immediately do so." "I don't need to be on good terms with them to do an interview," I shoot back. The truth is, I want to make this difficult for Effie. I want to keep my parents away. I want to keep my family safe. Effie roles her eyes at me and shakes her head. "You need to clean yourself up. Pull yourself together, I will worry about getting your parents here…" "I don't want my parents. I want Mason—" I start again. "And you will see him soon enough. The Capitol wants to broadcast that reunion as well, so be patient. I need you to focus on your parents—" Effie says. "I don't want anything to do with them!" I cut Effie off. "And I don't care! And neither does the Capitol. They want to see you together, and quite frankly, you could use them more then you think!" Effie motions around my room and points to the bottle on my side table. "Whatever you are going through, your parents can help you. They have been there and I don't see cutting them off as helping you—" "I don't care what you think. It's not your place to tell me what to do. I am pretty sure you are just my escort and you worry about the schedule, right? Anything else, unless I ask for your opinion, you don't get to give," I step toward Effie as I snap. My voice is low and dark and I can see in her eyes it scares her. I have never really seen someone cower like this at me. It feels empowering, but also dangerous. I feel bad scaring her, but I know it's for the best. If the Capitol is listening they will know I have abandoned my judgment and my family. I want them to believe that. It takes Effie a minute to recover but once she does she clears her throat and holds her head high. "That's correct, and so since that is my job, I will expect you to clean up, sober up, and be ready to interview along side your parents in two days time!" Before I can retort Effie has moved out of my room leaving me blinking at an empty doorframe. I realize there is no way to get out of the interview with my parents, but there is a way to make sure they stay away for good. I need to make the interview miserable and make them stay away until I can figure out a way to get out of District 12 for good, at least until we can get a plan in place.