"I'm so sorry Katniss," he apologized placing frantic kisses across her face before dropping to his knees, "I'm so sorry." "Peeta," she whispered softly, her heart shattering at the man she loved, so obviously broken in front of her. She kneeled in front of him and cupped his cheek, forcing him to look at her, "Peeta, please. Please hear me, it will be okay. I love you. Always." "I left you. I just left. Katniss, how can you – " She placed her index finger against his pillowy lips, "We've had a long winter, but spring is coming. You're my spring, Peeta. You came home. It took longer than I thought, but you came home to me. You and I…Peeta you're mine and I'm yours." "But – " "No buts. I gave Gale back the ring. I don't know why I let him put it on. I just got so….I missed you so much. Everything about you. I'm sorry I doubted us, but you're here and I'm not letting you go again." His blue eyes looked into her gray ones as his lips pressed against her finger that was still resting there, "I thought you weren't good at saying something," he teased lightly. She ran her fingers through his golden blonde waves and tugged his head towards hers, "There's my snarky dandelion," she muttered pulling him in for a heated kiss. "Is that my punishment? Being called dandelion?" he mumbled against her lips. "Yeah – now stop talking and kiss me," she snipped, deepening the kiss. She felt his mouth open against her as he slowly guided her body to the bakery floor. She felt that familiar heat curling inside, that hunger that was unmatched with anyone else. His rough, strong baker hands kneading her skin, sending electric currents down her body. It wasn't enough, she needed more. Her hands found the hem of his sweater and she tugged on it, a whine in the back of her throat, she needed to feel his skin underneath her hands. Breaking the kiss she moaned, "Peeta." She could feel his body react to her as she ground her hips up against him, "Kat – " he panted breathlessly, "We should – we should, not here, you deserve – " She surged up and captured his lips again, "Here. I want you. Now." He helped her pull the sweater over his head, leaving his blonde curls in disarray, creating almost a halo effect. Katniss couldn't help but smile as she brushed her fingers through his wayward curls. She looked up at his body, it was more toned than the last time they had been together. The sharp cut of his hips, the deep contours of his abdomen, he had become a work of art. She pushed his shoulder and used her hunter's grace to roll herself on top of him, straddling his lap. Gently her fingers traced shapes from his chest down to the downy trail of blonde hair that lead into those thigh hugging jeans. She casted her eyes up to meet his as she slid the first button through the hole. Peeta gulped and vowed not to be the first to blink, "Katniss are you – " She slid her hands up his torso to grip his shoulders and leaned down to whisper in his ear, "I've always wanted to have you here…in this bakery, where you gave me my first kiss. I used to come in when I was waiting you to get off for the night and watching your muscles twitch and bulge as you lifted those heavy flour sacks or when you knead the bread, and I always wondered what might happen if we were here…alone," she said slyly. "Fuck," he muttered his head falling back on to the floor. "That's the idea, Peeta," she teased, swirling her fingertip around his rosy nipple and then sitting up. "Time to lose these," she said eyeing him like she would her prey. "I uh – I think you're overdressed," Peeta replied, still unable to believe this was all currently happening. "I suppose you're right," she winked peeling her own sweater over her head…. Katniss gave a happy sigh as Peeta wrapped his arms around her spent body, "You are the best Christmas present I could ever ask for," he beamed, swiping his thumb over her sweaty brow. She curled further into his embrace, entwining their fingers, "Peeta, you love me real or not real?" "Real. Always." "Always," she echoed. 2018 "Probably the most important day of my life," Peeta remarked flashing a wide grin around the room, "Meanwhile she was cool, calm and collected." "Are you kidding me? You were standing there in that stupid Rudolph sweater but the way it clung to your shoulders and those damn jeans you had on when you bent over, my throat went dry. I was so glad I just stole your cue card idea because I would have been stumbling and stuttering like an idiot." "So you go for a man in deer-wear?" Rye teased his sister-in-law. Katniss extended her neck and pressed a kiss to Peeta's warm lips and then cocked her head to her brother-in-law, "He was incredibly sexy in his stupid reindeer sweater." Peeta let out a loud guffaw and pulled his wife onto his lap, letting his hands wrap around her waist, "Thank you baby," he crooned, nuzzling his nose into her neck. "All right you two, there are kids running around here," Parker groaned. Katniss's melodic laugh filled the room as she placed her much smaller hand on top of Peeta's and moved them to her stomach, a jovial smile played across her face as she tilted her head to look into her husband's eyes, "Soon to be one more." Peeta's eyes widened in shock, "Wh – What?" She could see the tears glistening in Peeta's eyes and a smile so bright it almost blinded her as she angled her body to kiss him sweetly, "Merry Christmas, Daddy."