she liked feeling his lips at the back of her neck. Or the front of it. Or anywhere, really. Currently, they were at her ear and what he was suggesting was…very inappropriate. And the whole kitchen already knew how very inappropriate they were now with each other. Thankfully, no one really cared. Several were pretty supportive in fact. She hoped they would be self-sufficient too for fifteen minutes. Because Peeta was already headed toward the farthest walk-in fridge and she was trying not to stare at his ass as he walked, trying not to look too conspicuous. She gave a glance at the pending orders and at the staff moving around, working together like a well-oiled machine. She bit her lip and then moved as nonchalantly as she could in the direction Peeta had gone, pausing to readjust a fire exit sign on the bulletin board and to replace an extra clean pot on a rack before tugging open the heavy metal door and slipping inside the small, chilly room. He had her pressed against the cool steel as soon as the pressure seal took hold. "Wait!" she implored him, stopping his kisses and pushing on his chest. "Back there." He moved in the direction she had pointed, pulling her with him hastily. Once behind a shelf at the back of the fridge, he pinned her against the cold wall there, his mouth on her neck, one hand inside her blouse and the other under her skirt. "God, I have wanted to fuck you since you bent to pick up those damn menus." He was referring to hours earlier when one of their rookie waitresses had knocked over a whole stack of new menus in her office. She'd bent over to help pick them up before sending the waitress back out to the dining area, assuring her it was fine. Peeta had been walking by at the time. Katniss had not been unaware. "Do you want me to bend over and retrieve anything at the moment?" she asked huskily. He sunk two fingers into her and grunted with pleasure, she presumed at how she felt in addition to her tempting question. "Yes, but no, because I wanna take you up against this wall right now." "So, do it." His tongue was in her mouth as she felt him undoing his pants. She helped him and pumped his hard cock with her hand for just a few moments before he yanked her skirt up and her panties down and hoisted her up, balancing her between the wall and his hips. And then he slammed into her and she bit into her lip hard to keep from crying out too loudly. He muffled his own moan in her neck and then brought his lips up to her ear. "You…are the best boss ever." She smacked him playfully on the back and he just chuckled, thrusting into her again. "And I love…working…for you." She gasped into his hair, one arm slung over his shoulder, holding to him, and the other flung out to the side, her hand gripping the metal shelf next to them tightly. He was fucking her hard and fast, pressing her repeatedly into the cold wall. They could hear the bustle of the kitchen just outside the small space they occupied. The thrill of possibly getting caught in here doing what they were doing or even somehow being overheard was enough to up the intensity of the encounter by several degrees. She was close, teetering on the brink and she knew he knew it. It had only been a month but he knew her body so well already. He knew her well. And she enjoyed that immensely. Shifting so that he was supporting her with one arm, he moved his hand between them and his thumb to her clit. "And I love…making you…come." He flicked and pressed and circled. He still thrust. And he covered her mouth with his, drinking in her unstoppable moans. She shuddered around him and he emptied himself inside of her. In the time since their first joining, they had established that she was on the pill and they were both clear of anything infectious. He kissed her, pulled back from her and let her legs drift back down until her feet were once again on the ground. They retrieved her underwear and she hastily put it back on, knowing she'd need to get herself to the restroom directly. She tugged her skirt back down and fixed her blouse as he tucked away his not yet flaccid penis and zipped up his pants. She sent him a look of utter satisfaction and he grinned widely. They made each other happy. She knew this. And it wasn't just physically like this. They were happy taking walks, telling each other stupid stories, going dancing, Christmas shopping together, watching tv, reading to each other, making food together, eating, sleeping. She knew she looked forward to kissing him the next night at midnight, though she couldn't know what the year ahead would hold for them. She knew that she was willing to find out though...excited to, even. Because Peeta made life more exciting and more content and more complete. "I guess I'll go first again," he said in a low, conspiratorial tone and she nodded, kissing him once more before he turned and walked toward the door. Just as he reached it, she called out softly for him to stop and watched him turn and quirk a curious eyebrow at her. "Mr. Mellark," she said playfully. "I just wanted to give you a heads up. I may want some more hot buns later." He let out a light laugh. "Certainly, Ms. Everdeen. Certainly." A/N: Undoubtedly, they'll deal with folks who are less than supportive but did you really want to read about that or just stick with the happy and hot? ) Imagine what you will for their future. Perhaps hot cross buns (made with currants by the way)… ;)