it fantastically. I smile and nod and move toward him through the water. I slide behind him and he moves forward to accommodate this. I place my hands on his shoulders and start to give him a massage. "Well, then, I really should thank you." Peeta leans his head back and tilts it to one side so he can look up at me. A smile pulls at his lips. "That really would be the proper and polite thing, Mrs. Mellark." I laugh. "That's me, proper and polite." He enjoys the joke as well. "But if we're on the subject, you haven't exactly been proper or polite this morning." "No, I guess I haven't." "Thank you for that." I know he's smiling without looking. "Anytime." We're silent for several minutes as I smooth the muscles of his back and then run my hands down over his chest. I can't resist sudsing up his nipples much more than they would need for cleanliness. How much cleaning do nipples require anyway? Peeta doesn't seem to mind, go figure. Nor does he mind as I caress his stomach or his upper thighs. He doesn't particularly protest as my hand encases his now hardening member and begins to stroke. His head falls back against my shoulder, his eyes closed, and he just lets me have my way with him for a while, his breathing stunted and grunts escaping him periodically. I have every intention of making this all about him but he has other ideas. He eventually twists in my arms and places a hand behind my neck, bringing my lips to his. His other hand comes up and sees that my nipples are as clean as his. This is so important, you know. Then, that hand descends to cover my ass cheek and he squeezes it before pulling me around so that I am on his lap. He is getting all kinds of points for smooth moves today. He doesn't break our kiss but the hand that is behind my neck moves down my chest and stomach and lands between my legs. I moan into his mouth as his fingers slide gently through my folds. He touches me reverently and it drives me crazy. I squirm in his lap, driving him crazy as well. He dips a finger into me as his tongue teases past my lips. The kiss is sensuous-his tongue is as unhurried as his hand, a taste of my husband's desire both north and south. When he eventually removes his tongue and his hand, I am needy but I remember my original purpose in this bath. I reach down and grasp him again but he stills my hand with his own. I meet his eyes, a question in mine, which I verbalize. "Peeta, what do you want?" He lifts me easily by the waist and I guess at his purpose and straddle his legs, kneeling over him in the water. He smiles but moves my legs so that they are wrapped around his waist. "I want, Mrs. Mellark, to love you properly and politely now." A short laugh bursts up from me but dies out quickly as he lifts me onto his silky, wet erection. I sink onto him fully and he pulls me even tighter to him, kissing me and beginning a slow rocking motion that fuels the tingling, heat, and other sensations in my core. I cross my ankles behind him, wanting to keep him as close to me as possible too. His hands are at my waist and lower back and he kisses me, first on the mouth and then on my face, along my jaw and neck, on my shoulders and on my breasts. He brings one hand up to hold one of my breasts up as he takes my puckered nipple into his mouth, all the while still rocking into me. My hands are buried in his now damp blonde locks and I am uttering his name quietly, a thank you of sorts. He loves my other breast with the same precision as the first and then pulls my torso closer to his so that my wet chest slides against his own, my arms around his shoulders and hands on his back. Then, he steadies me with both hands on my waist again and kisses me as he begins to thrust upward with each rock forward, soon moving me up and down on his length as well. The friction of our joined bodies has been building my pleasure slowly and this additional stimulation pushes me closer to my bliss. Peeta breaks our kiss and stares up at me, watching me as he varies his movements, daring me to break eye contact. I'm not one to lose a dare easily. My mouth is parted and moans escape it every few seconds. I am holding firmly to him. With my crossed legs, I am trying to pull him even further into me with each thrust. His blue eyes are as entrancing as always, especially with the love and lust I see in them right now. He breathes my name, encouraging me. The intensity of the moment rises and rises until I am pushed over the edge, crying out and shuddering in my husband's arms. His movements don't cease until he has dropped his head to my shoulder and lost himself to the power of our joining as well. We cling to each other as we catch our breaths and come down from our highs. As we calm down, I feel his lips raise to my ear. "I've missed you, Katniss." I smile and kiss his shoulder. "I've missed you too. I think you may have to come down with something next week too." He pulls back slightly and grins at me, capturing my lips for several moments. "I think so too. And you'll be my nurse?" I smirk back at him, nodding. Visions of exactly what that could mean fill my head… I can't wait till next week.