there were people who had scored higher on the math and logic sections who could think faster and more creatively than me. The entire crowd is now lamenting sympathetically for Harold Tang, who is going to Stanford's campus on a full scholarship. Harold is sure to be picked. He is by far the smartest of the lot. I can't see anyone else getting picked for boys, unless there is some twelve-year-old genius hidden among us. Effie jerks back as she prepares to read the first name. "My fault! I forgot something! We have no volunteers this year. Because the tributes are pre-selected, no one will be allowed to replace them. And if you try, both of you—the reaped and the volunteer—will be killed on public television." Silence ripples through the crowd. Several of the Careers begin yelling expletives at Effie. "If that's done," Effie says with a disgusted face, "without farther adieu, I would love to introduce our District Twelve male tribute! She gestures to the back, and men come out with two glass jars with one slip of paper in them each. She takes the rightmost of the jars, grasps the slip of paper with her long nails, and reads the name in her head for a second before opening her mouth. Is it Harold Tang? It must be. "The District Twelve male tribute for the one-hundredth Hunger Games," she says, "will be Travis Heinrich." Travis! The big, brutish football star! Sure, he was decently smart, but I never imagined that he would ever get the top score on a test. Then again, I remember the couple gym assessments that were part of the test. What were they called? Survival? Athleticism? Something like that. After being told his results would seemingly factor into college admissions, I remember that Harold left crying after seeing what Travis could do. Travis is a big guy, blonde, with a somewhat intelligent face and an affable demeanor. He looks and acts a little like Peeta Mellark. He's not the sort of guy you would ever want to kill. But if he was the top scorer, the bar must be abnormally low. Which means anyone could get drawn in the girls jar as well. Which works both for and against me. But before I can formulate these thoughts together, Effie is going to the female jar, and she is pulling the paper out and reading all that legalese before the name. If she calls my name, I will be ready. Forget about dying in the arena. I can kill Travis. I just have to kill my human instinct first. Of course, she reads my name. I was chosen. Had been chosen. My memories of being innocent, a normal Capitol citizen, are wiped. I never had any doubt about it, looking back on it seconds after I have just been sent to my death. Kayla Algerson is ushered up to the podium, in that black sacrificial dress, and instead of standing in the crowd, sweating in relief that my name wasn't called, I get to sweat from up here. How entertaining. I see my mother and she is crying. I will soon put things straight for that. I will either die and she will cry only a little more, or I will win and make her proud of me. It's not her fault in the end. I was selected for this prestigious competition. Heck, it's even harder to get into than Harvard. The odds of getting out of the arena are higher than the odds of getting reaped. If I can do that, I can do this. Except it's going to be tough. Against the likes of the Career Tributes from Districts 1 and 2, smart, cunning, and strong to boot. So now I am up here, staring at Travis, and Effie Trinket makes some remark about how they are all so fortunate to have us be their tributes. Yeah, right. Then the history and tribute to the Capitol is read again, as usual, except this time I don't get to watch. Effie and a couple Peacekeepers start beckoning to us and we have to walk along the dais getting stared at by the entire crowd there. It's honestly abysmal. I can't imagine how many people are getting hurt by this. My mom will be upset; all my friends will be upset. But they'll be cheering for me, and wishing that I don't die in this mess. Which adds a little bit of hope to it. Still, I can't help but think that this is probably the last time I'll see some of these people, and the last time they'll see me, until I'm in a coffin getting transported back to the district. So I give them the District 12 salute—the three fingers over my heart, and I even see Virgil Roy nod his assent. It's too painful to watch. I avert my head and look at the floor of the dais. Effie Trinket pats me on the shoulder. From the stories, I heard all she wanted was to get promoted to a better district. Well, now 12 is the best district to be in. We won the last Hunger Games. The District, not the tributes. I look back one more time. The same sign they gave Katniss Everdeen. I see Katniss herself giving it to me. And I'll give them my best fighting shot. Because if I can be the best once, I can be the best again. For District 12. I take one look back at my home, the only home I have ever known. And then I turn my back on the crowd and step into the Justice Building with my head high, the clock ticking down to the final, sacrificial dance. P.S. If you're wondering about the last few words of this chapter, google the chapter title! The work these two things reference has important repercussions in this story, and, upon further thought, would probably lend itself to a really good crossover...