his own and his tongue moved over hers. After a moment, hers began to slide against his of her own accord. The hand that was not supporting her back came up to palm her breast, his thumb and forefinger moving to tug and roll her nipple skillfully. His mouth soon followed his hand and she moaned loudly as he suckled her. When she was beginning to squirm considerably despite the discomfort her movements caused her, he pulled his head back and looked up at her. He held her gaze for several beats before he saw the almost imperceptible nod of her head. She was ready. "Get on your hands and knees." She slithered out of his lap and did as he instructed, her anticipation strong once more in the best kind of way. She felt him position himself behind her, his hands on her hips, his eager cock bouncing against her red ass. His right hand left her hip for a moment and she felt the head of his penis beginning to stretch her opening. He held it there and he held her hips in place so she couldn't impale herself on him hastily like she longed to do. "I do love you," he said huskily, pressing forward and sliding slowly into her, both of them savoring every inch as it disappeared. When his cock was in as deeply as it would go, he rotated his hips, making sure she felt all of his girth in addition to his length, and making sure she felt the friction of the movements, which sent jolts of pleasurable pain through her. When he pulled back, his grip on her hips tightened. And then he began fucking her in earnest, every thrust hitting her deeply, the angle of his thrusts ensuring that each stroke rubbed and pressed her where she most needed it to. Her fingers dug into the sheets tightly, her breasts swung wildly, her ass shook with each of his slams into her. The resulting sting made her squeeze his length repeatedly, which felt deliciously good. "Peeeetaaa," she moaned loudly. He took hold of her right hand and moved it underneath her, placing it where their bodies joined together. She began rubbing her clit as he varied his strokes between longer, slower ones and shorter, faster pumps. It was just the extra push she needed and her slick walls began to tighten around him. "Yes, baby, that's it." "Fuuck, I'm…fuuucccckkkk, yes, ohhh…" "Come for me now, Katniss!" "Uuunnngggghhh!" The variety of sounds that escaped her lips as she fell over the edge were rather impressive and faded in levels until she was just left breathing raggedly, a tired smile on her lips. Peeta's breathing was rough as well and it occurred to her foggy brain that he hadn't come with her just about the same moment he began moving within her again, slowly at first, building her pleasure again before picking up his pace. "You feel so good, Katniss. So hot and wet and tight. I wanna feel you squeeze me and pulse around my dick again. I wanna make you cry out again because I can. I want you to remember this night." Katniss gasped and moaned and bit down on the sheet. He was taking her higher and higher again and if it was even possible, she felt like this orgasm might be even stronger than the last. She whimpered and mewed and chanted his name until her cries reached an unintelligible level once more. "That's right. You're going to come all over my cock again and then I'm going to pull out and come all over your beautiful ass." Oh, God. His words coupled with his now erratic, vigorous thrusts pushed her toward her peak and into bliss again. As she shuddered with her pleasure, she felt him slip from her, felt his knuckles and cock skim over her ass cheek before jerking with his climax. She heard his gasps and moans as his hot cum spurted onto her heated skin. She panted into the mattress, still recovering from the last few minutes as well as the entire evening. She let her arms slip forward and let her body flatten into the bed. She felt exhausted, but sated. She heard Peeta regaining his breath behind her, heard him chuckle as she slid down onto her stomach. Then, she felt him rise from the bed and return a moment later with some tissues, which he used to gently clean up her bottom. She sensed his pleased smile without having to see it. She was on birth control; she knew he'd just come on her ass for the visual. After he'd disposed of the tissues, he slid onto the bed next to her and she shifted so that she was half laying across his torso, her arm over his waist and her ear pressed to his chest, right over his heart. She listened as the rhythm of its beat gradually slowed to a normal pace. She knew they'd both be drifting off any moment. "Four, five," she whispered. She figured it didn't really matter at this point. She had, after all, not chosen the option that had promised her every orgasm he indicated and she didn't really have anything to complain about given all the pleasure he had given her that evening. Peeta's arm came around her and he stroked her back lightly, his breathing already slowing with impending sleep. "Good job counting," he teased quietly and she just pressed a kiss to his sternum. Her bottom was sore but she couldn't deny that she'd enjoyed the thrill from the experience and from Peeta being in charge. And he'd certainly seen that her pleasure outweighed any pain. She'd never doubted he would. And their last words before they succumbed to slumber assured her he was still not done. "There are many hours left till morning. Real or not real?" "Real." Just like the smile on her face as she fell asleep.