like a cat and took as sip from her drink. "Not much of a sleeper, are we?" she asked. There was a certain tone of disdain in her voice. Johanna shook her head and sat down in one of the leather chairs, hoping she and her mentor might actually get to talk. "Why are you watching that?" she asked nodding at the screen. Having to go through it once had been torturous enough. Johanna couldn't imagine wanting to see it again. Leila looked back at the television as if she just realized it was still on. "There is only one channel, and I don't like silence. A lesser of two evils I guess," she said and finished the last bit of liquor left in her glass. "You should watch it through and see the competition. I, however, will try and go to sleep." And with that she got up. Johanna couldn't help but suspect that Leila was trying to avoid her again. With images of the District 9 tributes flashing before her eyes she gathered up the courage to ask the question dominating her mind. "How do I win?" she blurted out just before Leila left the room. Leila turned around. "It very simple darling," she said with a smile. "Don't. Die." Johanna couldn't help but snort with frustration at the obvious answer. "But how? " she asked, desperate to get some real information. She didn't want Leila to leave. She wanted answers, some real help. Wasn't that what a mentor was for? To give guidance and help you survive? Leila sighed sharply and came back to sit on the sofa's armrest. She faced Johanna, eyes scrutinizing, though never making eye-contact. "You want some genuine advise? Do yourself a favor, when you're on that platform and they start the countdown," -for the first time Leila looked Johanna in the eyes- "step off it." She said this with absolute seriousness, a dead look on her face. Shocked, Johanna refused to believe what she just heard. "Are you nuts? You want me to die?" she demanded in flash of anger. But Leila just shrugged her shoulders and got back up. "Everyone dies, darling," she said calmly. "However, you get the choice. Quickly or slowly? Your pick." Johanna wasn't having any of it, furious that her own mentor would suggest suicide. "I'm going to win!" she announced stubbornly, as though that made a difference. "Are you now?" Leila said, raising an eyebrow and smirking. The mocking tone in which she did aggravated Johanna even further. "I might not look it, lady, but I can defend myself. I'm not a lost cause, however much you may think I am. I can win!" There was a trembling in her voice, a tingling in her eyes and she felt her heart pounding in her throat. She was angry and upset but Leila showed no sympathy for her tribute. "It's not about defending yourself, girl. It's about wanting to go home and wanting it more than the kid standing in front of you." "I can do it!" Johanna almost yelled. "Really? Are you sure about that?" Leila seemed to have lost her patience. The glass was gone from her hand now, discarded on the floor. "What if it's just you and Faunus at the end? Can you do that? Or some twelve-year-old, crying for her mother? Can you do that, girl? Because if you can't, then you're just wasting my time." Leila turned and walked out of the room, leaving Johanna speechless with anger. Angry that Leila didn't believe her. Angry that she had given up on her before even giving her a chance, but most of all angry because with just a few words Leila had managed to bring her close to tears and it made her feel weak. For a long time, Johanna sat frozen on the couch, trying to come up with something to call out that would make her mentor that she wasn't going to die. Nothing came to her. Johanna let herself fall deeper into the chair. On the screen the District 8 tributes for this year's Games waved at the crowd. Both must have been close to eighteen and the commentators seemed quite positive about their odds. "Of course the older ones always stand a better chance," one of the invisible men proclaimed. "How very true, Plautus," the other added, voice syrupy-sweet, "but then we mustn't underestimate the little ones. I refer, of course, to District 4's Finnick Odair, who was a mere fourteen when he won his Games." "Correct, correct, there is always a tiny chance for an deviant," Plautus replied, "and those usually make for the most rewarding Games to watch. Don't you think so?" "Everyone loves an underdog," his colleague replied cheerfully, "and, of course, the odds that go with it." Both men chuckled and the scenery changed to that from District 7. There Johanna saw herself on stage. Tears rolling down her cheeks. They had cut out the part of her father being beaten, so now it looked like she was crying because she had been Reaped. She looked small and helpless, and the commentators agreed. "We see them every year don't we? The one who has already given up." Plautus observed, clucking his tongue disapprovingly. "I'm afraid you're right," his colleague agreed, "and would you just look at the fragile state she is in. Someone please give the girl a biscuit! I don't think we will see much of her after the first day." All this should have discouraged Johanna even more. Instead her mind came to life. If all the other tributes had been watching this then every single one now underestimated her. She might not be the strongest tribute but growing up in a house full of men had made her tougher then she looked. She had the element of surprise on her side. And with or without Leila's help she was determined to win. I'll get back home, no matter what it takes.