ultimate expression of a person dying of excitement. "Thank you all for giving me the chance to participate in this year's Quell. I am so happy, gosh, thank you all!" And I spread my arms as if to embrace the whole District. Cameria was near ecstatic tears next to me, but Gabriella just stared at me, incredulous. Cameria took control of the microphone again, and spoke in a tearful voice, "Wasn't that beautiful ? Let's give a big hand for these two wonderful young people, District Seven!" And she broke into a smattering of Capitol applause while the citizens followed her lead. "Now shake hands," She gestured to me and Gabriella. I smirked at her. "Nice to meet you, Gabbie," I grinned. She gave me a scathing look and she shook my hand with only her thumb and forefinger. I grabbed her whole hand, trying to forget the places it might have been, and pulled her in for a hug. She struggled; all but screaming profanities, and then I released her with a quick shove, sending her tottering a few steps away. Cameria was really crying at our 'unity' now, and I grinned at her. She pulled me close under her arm and said into the microphone, "Wasn't that lovely? " she was trying to keep the tremor out of her voice. She squeezed my hand in hers and I discreetly slid one of her many rings off. "Say goodbye to your Tributes, people!" And they all remained stony faced as we walked offstage. I waved and blew kisses to them, subtly dropping the ring into my pocket and they all but snarled. The last thing I did was wink at the cameras. As soon as I entered the waiting room in the Justice building my brave, overjoyed façade faded leaving me brittle and scared. I didn't imagine what lay ahead of me, nor did I try to wish I hadn't been chosen. I just stared blankly at the wall, running my fingers over and over again on the velvet couch I was sitting on. I didn't expect any visitors, so when there was a knock on the door and a girls' voice said "Can I come in?" I all but fell off the couch. "Sure," I righted myself in time to see a girl slide through the opening. The one I told to keep her head up at the start of the Reaping. I didn't know what to say, and she just stood there awkwardly, so I said, "Sup?" to get the ball rolling. "Do you have a District token?" She blurted out. I raised my eyebrows, fingering the ring in my pocket, but I hadn't thought about it. I guess the thought never concerned me before. "Nope," I popped the 'p' and smiled wearily. Then I saw her quickly detach a necklace she was wearing and pass it to me without a word. I looked at the grotty, rusty silver chain and the small tarnished disc hanging off the end. On the disc was just the initials A. L. in cursive writing. It held nothing else, not even a picture. I raised an eyebrow, thinking of giving it back, but shrugged. I guess I could wear it. "Thanks," I said, acting like it was no big deal she probably gave me her most expensive possession. "Be sure to come and retrieve it when I return." In a box or not . The words hung in the air but I let them slide coolly away by fixing her with a penetrative stare. She had brown eyes, pale, freckly skin and long brown hair that stuck up in irregular angles. It looked like she tried to tame it with combs, but the effects were more like she stuck random combs in her hair because she could. "Yeah, yeah sure." She looked at the floor, knotting and unknotting her fingers together. "Um, I suppose you can have this, since you gave me something." I tossed her Cameria's ring. She took one look at it and her eyes widened and she shoved it in her pocket. I grinned sneakily at her and she almost glared back, the surprise arching her eyebrows greatly. The awkward silence after that was all that remained of our pleasantries. I couldn't sit still so I got up and walked around. My fingers ached to do something so I started pulling the combs out of her hair. She started to protest, but I gave her a pointed look, cocking one of my eyebrows, and she stopped, plainly knowing her hair would look better without the combs. I gave the combs in a neat pile back to her just when a Peacekeeper came to collect the girl. I realised I didn't know her name. "Wait! What's your name?" I asked quickly, because she was already getting escorted out. She widened her eyes, probably remembering I had only known her as a community house kid before today and said, "It's A-" she starts but her guard forced her from the room, shoving her out the door so hard I hear a thud and her squeal as she falls over onto the fine carpet outside. I sighed, but it didn't really matter because I didn't need to know her name, all I needed from her was to know that someone here, at least, is rooting for me. I struggled to put on the old necklace, and when I finally did I realised it's so long the disc finished where my sternum ends, and it felt weird and cold against my skin. No one else came in to see me, so in the end when Cameria comes to collect me I was lying with my back on the couch, feet on the wall, tugging on my curly black hair with the necklace between my nose and upper-lip. But I grinned like she lit up my world when she walked in, so she just smiled ostentatiously back and ushered me out the door.