his sword, which he did reluctantly. "She is the help I asked for." "I'm . . ." I trailed off and gave the old man a what-the-fuck look. "What?" "You are not from this world." He explained patiently as he sat himself down on the log behind him that was near a blazing fire, and next to another scruffy looking man with chin length brown hair. I finally took in my surroundings; looking at all nine faces that stared openly back at me. "Is this . . . Heaven?" I asked quietly, feeling stupid. I fiddled with the sleeve of my coat. I didn't like the attention, I have no idea how celebrities put up with it. "No dear child, this is Middle Earth!" The old man said cheerfully as he puffed at his pipe. "Middle Earth?" I wasn't dead. I was dreaming. This was a dream, there was no way I died and went to Middle Earth. A grin stretched my mouth and small spurts of laughter escaped my lips. And before I knew it, I was laughing so hard that I couldn't breathe and tears were running down my cheeks. "You're not serious!" I gasped out and held my stomach as it ached like I just did a hundred sit-ups. "I am quite serious, child." The old man said, not looking impressed at all by my laughing at him. My giggles slowly started to die down when what he said sunk in. All I wanted to do was roll up into a little ball and cry. Why, why me? I cursed whoever sent me here. I cursed every deity I could think of. Didn't I get a say? I'm supposed to be dead. I know I am; I can feel it. I was ripped away from my ending and put here. Who decided to place me in a fucking storybook? "That's fantastic! " I seethed as I felt rage boil through my veins and looked up into the starry night sky. "You bastards!" I shouted at nothing and grabbed the closest thing I could find, a rock, and launched it into the sky. Tears clouded my vision, but I refused to let them fall. "You inconsiderate wankers!" I hollered up into the air while chucking up anything I could get my hands on, only to have these objects fall back to the ground with a dull clank , but I wasn't fazed. "Dear child, calm yourself." Fucking Gandalf grumbled from his seat, obviously not enjoying the show as much as his companions were. "Calm?" I paused in my poor attempt at throwing my rage at God or the Universe or whoever, and stared blankly at the old bat. "I am calm!" My high pitched screech sounded panicked; even to me. "My lady, if you only took a breath. Perhaps you are injured." Scruffy said in a soothing tone as he made his way over to me; hands thrown up as if surrendering himself. "Stop moving closer to me and let me panic!" I shouted at the man and launched a rock at his head, but he quickly darted out of the, causing the offending object to bonk the helmet that sat on the head of a short bearded man; earning a few chuckles from some. And he wouldn't stop advancing. "What is your name?" He inquired with a hushed tone. "R-Robyn." I stuttered out pathetically. I will not cry, I will not cry. I bit my lip to keep it from trembling. "Like the bird." He stated and I nodded. "And where do you beckon from?" "Melbourne." He frowned deeply before tossing a look over his shoulder; communicating silently with Grandpa Gandalf. "You're clothing is strange." He stated as he assessed my attire, slowly dropping his arms to his side. I folded my arms and took a step away from the group of nine men. "Says you." I spat out and took another step away as I glared at Scruffy and his merry men. "We mean you no harm." Another voice piped in. My eyes followed the slightly accented voice and found blue eyes locking with my green. His gaze was too intense and I struggled to keep it. The guy was pretty. Too pretty. "My dear, you are in the company of the Fellowship." Gandalf stood and strolled over next to Scruffy. "And I am Gandalf." "Yes, I already figured that out!" I still didn't understand. Why was I here? I shouldn't be here. I should be dead, this was wrong. "Why am I here?" I demanded. "I brought you here." He stated it like it was obvious. "Well, the Valar did, but I did request it." "Why?" I croaked out while my lips trembled. "Because we needed aid for this quest; you will be our guide." He said it like I should be proud, like I was being received the highest honor. Like he didn't rip me out of my world. "You killed me." I said hoarsely. "I beg your pardon?" "You killed me!" I screamed and launched at the old bastard, only to be restrained by Scruffy. "I died because of you! That car didn't have to be there, but you did it!" Tears were pouring freely now as reality came crashing down. "You brought me here, when I should be dead !" "I am sorry. I did not know." Maybe he was sorry, but it didn't help the pain I felt. "You're sorry?" I cried. "I'll never see them again, and you're ' sorry '?" I fell to my knees, and Scruffy who is no doubt supposed to be The fucking Aragorn, let me go as I covered my face with my hands. I felt like I had been hit by another car; the pain was almost too much. This wasn't a dream, this was real. I'll never see Serena or Mitch or Jessica again. I'll never be home again. And it was all his fault. I'd love to hear you're thoughts! - 13teenxx