task at hand and I feared my confusion clouded my eyes. When I caught a glance of Faramir, he too looked worried. Iroeth bid his lordship sleep and then took me out of the room, she gave me a quick smile, but stopped when she saw my face. "What? You liked him not?" "No, I did. He seemed very pleasant. But talk of the Witch-King reminded me of my Uncle." "Ah forgive me, I was not thinking." Iroeth said. "It does not matter; many things can make me think of him. I feel wicked when I laugh and smile." She placed a warm, rough hand on my shoulder, "Ah come now, you said yourself the King of Rohan loved you like a daughter, he would not wish any sadness upon you." I briefly close my eyes, hiding my tears. "Walk in the garden, I will prepare our supper in the meantime." she says. I smile and we carry our equipment through the hallways and into the large storeroom. She briefly touches my arm, smiles and then goes to her rooms to prepare our dinner. I walk out into the beautiful gardens, the soft green of the leaves show spring is now calling and the first buds of flowers are pushing their way up through cold earth. I look out, the landscape now clear of darkness and the ever presence of Sauron, the mountains now hung pale and the sky shimmered slightly, where the haze of the volcano smoked but did not burn. I walked some way along a white path of pebbles, till I sat on a bench. Perhaps Ireoth was right, I cannot always be sad, always forever remaining in the past. I lent my head against a tree, as though it were a comforting friend. I knew if I joked and were happy that would be what my Uncle wished, but what had happened was inescapable. Was I always meant to be torn, divided between the past and the future, unable to live in the present? "Eowyn…?" I looked up, puzzled when seeing Faramir there. "Why are you out of bed?" "I am fine." I sighed, "No you're not, go back to bed. If you collapse I will not be able to lift you." He looks unsure, wanting to obey my command and seemingly wanting to speak with me. "What is it?" I ask. He opens his mouth, but then his fever becomes too strong for him and he collapses. I catch him before he hits the ground, but the weight of him makes me stagger a little. I gently lay him on the ground, before running to get help. "That boy!" fumes Iroeth. I smile in recognition of her frustration. By the time we get there Faramir has heaved himself up and is sitting against the bench. "I am sorry for…" "Look, I'm going to have you swear on the King's ordained head that you will not get up, until I deem you fit to get up. Do you understand?" "Yes Iroeth, I am sorry m'lady." he says to me. "It is more trouble for us, than you. We cannot spend our days running around looking for you, and, as you are aware, if you do faint, our healers often do not have enough strength to lift you up." she says. "May I suggest Faramir has a lower room, so that way if he does decide to wander we won't have to climb the stairs to put him back?" I ask. "An excellent idea, Eowyn." Iroeth says to me, and then to Faramir, "Right, come on you." Iroeth places one of his arms around me, and although I have helped many patients like this he seems nervous. She goes to his other arm, heaves it onto her shoulders and we then walk clumsily across the lawn to one of the bedchambers. "Keeping us from our dinner too." she mutters. We manage to get to the room and Faramir slumps down in a chair, while I pull the bedcovers back and Iroeth unlaces his boots. "I will have to check that dressing again, to make sure it hasn't moved." she is furious with him; he does the decent thing and remains quiet. I help him lie down on the bed, once more he looks at me with those clever grey eyes and I am suddenly fascinated with the table in the room. Iroeth quickly inspects the bandages, tightens them a little and nods when done. "Right… if you dare move from this bed, I'll give the Shieldmaiden of Rohan a sword and she'll keep you here." she says furiously, though with something of a smile. "Right Eowyn, if this gentlemen feels he will do right and remain in his bed, you can come and have your supper." "I will stay where I am." he promises. "Good." Iroeth says. "We will bid you goodnight." He assents his head, "Goodnight." I smile at him when we leave, at the typical fury of Iroeth, his eyes light up when he sees me thus. In many ways I think he would like the Shieldmaiden of Rohan preventing him from escape, but I've had plenty of men call me pretty and praise my virtues. I had songs invented about my beauty by the time I reached fourteen. He's just another man who finds me handsome, that is all. I envy the Queen Arwen, what woman doesn't? To have a love as true and real as that makes her so lucky, not just desire or flattery. "Come on lass, don't go too far in your mind." I smile at Iroeth, "Forgive me, I wasn't dwelling on sad things though." "Well that's some good," she says, then looks up at me mischievously, "Where you thinking about Lord Faramir?" "No." I am adept at lying, a soldiers' camp taught me that. "Oh," she looks disappointed, well I have to disappoint her; I have no desire to imagine a love when there isn't one there at all.