still sought her mouth for more kisses, but she placed a gentle hand on his mouth. "Go and get the breakfast, we'll discuss this when you get back." she said. She got up and climbed back into the bed, Boromir pulled his boots back on, yanked his shirt over his head and walked out of the room, down the stairs and through the dining hall, where the girls instantly tittered and whispered on seeing his appearance. Several men were present, but he passed them swiftly and went into the kitchen. "Good morrow, Boromir." Madam Thraingill greeted him. Several bowls were laid out on a tray, with creamy porridge, a swirl of honey and dark blueberries dotted the surface. Thraingill was now stirring a pan of scrambled eggs. "Good morrow, Madam Thraingill. I was wondering if we could have some food." "Aye, lad. You know where it is." She smiled, "You get some bread, pop it into the oven to warm it up, then help yourself to cheese, fruit and I'll make some more scrambled eggs for you both." "You're a blessed woman indeed." She grinned, "Don't I know it!" and with that she plopped the egg onto a plate, added that to the tray and marched into the dining hall, while Boromir brought out a small, thickly crusted loaf of bread, more of the blueberries, an apple or two and then poured two cups of mint tea for them both. Thraingill came back in, now with an empty tray and started on the eggs. Boromir put the fruit, tea and two empty plates on the tray. He put the loaf of bread in the oven. "I love eating in bed." Tanwyn slathered her bread with butter and honey, she raised it to his lips and he took a bite. She had finished her eggs and several of the blueberries with it, now she sipped the warm mint tea and the brown bread he had brought up. He took a bite of an apple. "I like the way you eat." he said. She laughed broadly at that. "The way I eat?" "Properly, as though food is good and enjoyable, not just little nibbles here and there." She made the 'Pfft' noise again, "You are thinking of those proper ladies of court." "That's why I like you so much; you are so different from them." She licked her fingers clean and then swallowed the bread, "Difference is not a reason to love someone. You mustn't think you love me, just because I am a novelty to you…novelty soon wears off." She reached for the other apple and followed his suit, taking a bite. "I have known you for how long?" Boromir asked. "I am five and twenty now, got here when I was nine and ten…So that is seven years, and you have known me for six." "Exactly. Six years is a long time and as you know I have known other women within that time…" Tanwyn frowned, "I hardly think you the best of lovers, if that is the case. Should you not have been scrawling poetry to me or sighing while the moon shines through your windows?" He raised an eyebrow and smirked, "Should I? If you think I speak of a school boy's fancy or an older man's lust, you are mistaken. I confess I am not the best of lovers, but I did so because…" "Because?" "Because you were not interested in me in that way and I tried to convince myself that it was a passing fancy, simple desire because you were good at sex…I thought of making you my mistress, but I knew you would never accept and my father hated it when I bedded the women of the court, let alone…" he trailed off, looking apologetic, but Tanwyn shrugged. "I am a whore, a common woman. You can say so, I don't mind. Why didn't you think I would accept being your mistress?" He smiled, "Because you like your independence too much and I considered it unfair to treat you like that…I would be kept away from you and any delight we would first have would become easily marred by the Ladies gossip and my father's dislike of you." She rolled the apple between her hands, a bite missing from one side. Then she sighed and took another bite. Boromir wrapped his hand over her free one and she quickly looked up at him. He let her finish her mouthful and then kissed her sweetly on her closed lips. Before he moved back, he kept his eyes closed and whispered against her mouth, "I love you, Tanwyn." He felt her shaking first, the sobs escaping through clenched teeth and hurting lungs. He pulled further away, seeing her tightened fist on the bed, her eyes closed, though rivulets of tears ran down her cheeks. Uncaring whether she wept from guilt or pain or disgust, he pulled her into his arms, down into the warmth of the bed, until her sobs lessened and she reached up to wrap her arms around him once more. "Boromir…I can't, I can't…If I do, I'll…" "You'll what?" he asked, but she made no response. He kissed her forehead, then her closed eyes. She blinked them open and he wiped away her tears, kissing the cleaned cheeks and then her mouth once more. "There." he said finally, smiling gently at her, "A beauty once more." Her cheeks flushed and she glanced away, then shyly look back up. He bit back a laugh on seeing her embarrassed from a compliment. He placed his hands tenderly around her cheeks and kissed her. "Very beautiful." he whispered and her smile came back, even though there was a little sadness still within her eyes. He waited. "I love you too, Boromir." Strangely, this started life as a PWP (Porn without plot) and then gradually grew darker as I went along and developed something of a plot. But hey, that's writing for you! :D Hope you enjoy.