Mirkwood were barely visible within the trees. The twisted roots of the trees made it hard for Kahea to clamor over, and she started to feel sad, lost, confused, and discombobulated. "The forest…it's listening." Kahea shuddered, slumping against the mass of a large tree trunk. She felt sick, and wondered who she was. How'd she get here? As Kahea sat there arguing with herself she heard a clicking sound, soft padding that raked the area around her in frantic thuds, yet Kahea could not see anything. "Hello?" She called glancing all around her. The trees groaned and seemed to be in pain. Kahea maneuvered clumsily over the big roots, flopping up and over a particularly large one and went crashing to the ground. "Oof!" She grunted painfully, her hands coming out to lift herself up when she realized a shadow had come over her. Lifting her head Kahea's mouth went dry and she slowly backed herself into a corner. It was a spider, a very large spider, it's huge pupil-less eyes staring hungrily at her while it's jowls flexed dangerously, saliva spilling to the floor. It's hairy body bristled at her every movement, cornering her to the point of no escape. "My Lord—!" Legolas turned to two flushed guards running his way. They looked panicked as they reached him. "My Lord, Princess Kahea is gone." Legolas's brows furrowed, he'd just seen her this morning, where could she have gone? "Where has she gone?" He snapped, annoyed that the guards seemed reluctant to tell him the whole story. "She said she would not go far, and we didn't think much of it." One said, glancing to his companion who nodded in agreement. "One moment she was there and then she was gone." The other replied quickly. "We searched for her but could not find her." "Gone where?" Legolas asked, a strange tingling coming over him. He felt he would not like what they were going to say. "Into the forest—" "Alone—" "Nothing to protect herself—" Legolas was racing down the winding path, all the worst things imaginable coursing through his head. There was too much to list when it came to the dangers of the forest, all of which a human with nothing to protect themselves would be able to escape. "Open the gates!" He barked, startling the posted guards who worked quickly to let him pass. All he could hope and pray for was that his wife was alive and unharmed but given the circumstance he knew that was an unlikely and grim request. Kahea was lying flat on her back, her body numb and unmoving, even though if she were capable she'd let out a bloodcurdling scream. The spider loomed over her, fangs and all showing as it wrapped her up in it's sticky web. And to think I'll die a virgin. Kahea thought bitterly, then quickly scolded herself. What a stupid thing to think about before dying. Kahea squeezed her eyes shut, feeling the spider's stinky hot breath on her face. She waited for his fangs to sink into her, beckoned the inevitable to hurry and end the torturous feeling of doom in her belly. But it did not come. Only the sound of large bodies dropping the floor resonated throughout the forest. " Odulen an edarith anlen ." Kahea's eyes snapped open, she knew that voice. (I'm here to save you/Sindarin) Above her Legolas stood, his face concerned as he pulled the the sticky fibers away, lifting Kahea in his arms. Kahea liked the warmth he provided to her cold bones. " Ungol, they are vile creatures." Legolas said his eyes black with flashing anger. (Spider/Sindarin) How could she venture out here? Did she wish to die? Apart of him tried to reason that she hadn't known better, but even a fool could tell how dangerous this place was. "Legolas! Legolas!" Tauriel broke through the clearing, relief washing over once she saw that he and Kahea were safe. "The guards told me what happened. I will deal with them accordingly. But you should not have come out here alone." Legolas ignored her reprimand. Still angry at his wife's folly. Sensing this Tauriel spoke gently. Elves were very protective of their mates even when the bond was not strong. " She did not know any better." Were they talking about her? Kahea was beginning to be able to move and shifted her weight under Legolas who'd subconsciously rubbed bruises into her arms from his anger while trying to remove the paralyzing toxin, only further blackened his mood and felt he needed to leave before he lost his temper. "Mauya nin avánië." He picked Kahea up with ease, setting her upright in Tauriel's arms before briskly walking away. (I must go) Kahea watched despairingly. She had upset him, again. "Don't be hard on yourself. If you wish, I can arrange for King Thranduil to have someone tutor you." Tauriel said kindly, her green eyes smiling. Kahea happily returned the smile, grateful to have someone to converse with. "That would be lovely, thank you." Kahea replied, casting Legolas's disappearing form a longing look. Things just go from bad to worse. She thought. OKAY, that's about it for this story. I feel that it's a good chunk of reading. PLEASE let me know what you think! Feedback is wanted! I do have the story planned out, it's just not written. Also, the next chapter is about Kahea's homeland. It's not necessary to read BUT it will give you a briefing on her family and why she is the way she is. I worked hard on it lol. Lots of coffee you know? AUTHOR'S NOTE: My elvish is honestly not good, deplorable at best and am looking it up. I'm sorry if it's incorrect language, I want to use it more in the story but don't know too much. Sooooo please bare with me! Thanks! Also any English in italics means it was spoken in elvish I just couldn't find a translation