calling someone by their name makes you quite attached to them. If you would not mind, Princeling, I'd prefer not to get too attached to yet another of Aragorn's descendents," Angel said. "So you really did know King Elessar?" Hal asked. "Indeed. He is all around you, you know," Angel said. Hal looked around him for the first time and found himself surrounded by beautifully done portraits. "No, not those ones. Further down the hall," Angel said. Hal walked numbly down the halls, "Take a left here." Hal followed the angel's instructions and was met with many pictures of the same man that hung in the library. "He looks like me," Hal said with a whisper. "Indeed, but you have known that all your life. A portrait I did of him hangs in the library, does it not?" Angel asked. "How did you know?" Hal asked. Angel chuckled, "I was there when it was put up, and I remember making it. Aragorn enjoyed not a minute of having to sit still for it." "Are you really an angel?" A soft gasp from the shadows answered him, "I… suppose you could consider me one, though that is not what I truly am." "What are you, then?" Hal asked. "Your protector. That is all you must know for now," Angel said. "What's your real name?" "Names mean getting attached. I want you as attached to me as I want myself attached to you. Though, I suppose, if you would prefer something other than angel Thranduilion works." "Thranduilion? That's a long name." "As I said, I have not told you my true name, for that would be unwise. Thranduilion is something that would not be recognized, as who it is derived from has long been erased from the memory of Men." "Who is it derived from?" "You ask many questions, Princeling." "I'm curious about the angel that lives in my attic." Another short burst of laughter. "The name is derived from someone very dear to me, you can find pictures of him, if you like. He is in the room directly across from Aragorn's. His name was Thranduil and he took care of me for many years of my life." Hal wandered into Thranduil's room and took in a sharp breath as he recognized the man from his description in the legend of the angel. Sitting atop an elegant throne in robes with a crown of berries and thorns. "The King of Wood and Stone…" "Indeed, that is what he has grown to be called. But I knew him as ada." "What does ada mean?" "Mayhap one day I will tell you, mayhap I will not. One is as likely as the other." "You don't like answering questions, do you?" "I used to, when I was younger. Alas, I have grown to hate contact as a whole and have taken to shying away." "Were you a prince?" "I'm sorry?" "The way you talk, it makes you sound like all the princes in my books. Are you a prince?" "Indeed, I am. Though I no longer have any kingdom to rule over." "Where was your kingdom?" "There is a forest north of here, in the neighbouring kingdom of Rohan's territory. I know it as Eryn Lasgalen, though I am sure that it has already been given another name." "Eryn Lasgalen? It now resides under the name Mirkwood, named as such 'cause everyone thought that it was haunted and monsters lived in it." "Indeed, monsters do live within the confines of Eryn Lasgalen. It was known as Mirkwood when I was young, as well. Though no one would dare say that name around those who lived within the confines of the Greenwood. Nay, to Silvan and Sindarin, and anyone that knew what would be best for their lives and posterity, it was either Eryn Lasgalen or variations of that name." "What kind of monsters?" "Terrible ones." "May I see them someday?" "How do you feel about spiders?" "I hate them. Why?" Thranduilion let out a chuckle, "I do not believe it would be wise for me take you to the woods of my childhood, then. Alas, I cannot blame you. For I do not like the creatures all that much, either." "They're giant spiders, aren't they!? Oh, that's terrible!" "Indeed, it is. How old are you?" "Seventeen. You?" "Alas, alas, I know not! I have lost count some time around one thousand years ago." "Whoa! Can I see more pictures?" "If you would like, you are welcome to poke around. Just do not disturb them in their rest, and feel free to ask as many questions as you would like." It was hours before Hal grew tired, and even then he had not yet gotten through all the pictures. At one point, in a room filled with pictures of a dark haired man with aggressive eyebrows and a circlet on his head. He was quite attractive, and had the same pointed ears that Hal had seen in the portraits of the King of Wood and Stone, and quite a few others, but he wasn't quite as perfect as they were. It was in this room that Legolas finally swung down from the rafters and looked down at the boy. "Elrond?" Legolas giggled quietly, "Only the Valar are aware how that old noldor was able to lull the boy to sleep. I would certainly not fall asleep around him." Legolas bent down and picked the boy up, in a semblance of the action he had done seventeen or so years ago. Hal nestled safely in the elf's arms as Legolas carried him through the shadowed corridors of Minas Tirith. He laid Hal in his bed, in the room that had once belonged to Aragorn. Legolas smiled gently down at the young prince and tucked the blankets tightly around him before exiting the room and returning to being locked up in his tower. It would not be till sometime later that Hal ever encountered the angel again.