to feel cold now, little shivers sending new sparks of pain through his body. For a moment, Thranduil wondered whether he was dying. Then they pulled the arrow out. Blinding, searing pain shot through him, filling his world with white light that swiftly faded to black. When Thranduil's awareness returned, he was still surrounded by healers. The black arrow had gone, the place where it had been covered with bloody bandages. Without moving his head, he swivelled his eyes until he spotted a flash of bright blonde. "Adar! You're awake!" Legolas exclaimed with joy. "We thought we'd lost you for a moment, my King," one of the healers said with a thin smile. Another healer spoke softly in the first healer's ear, unfortunately not softly enough that Thranduil did not hear him. "The bleeding will not stop, sir. What do we do?" Thranduil frowned and looked down at the bandages. There did seem to be more blood on the outside of them than there ought. "The wound is clean and neat, but the arrow was coated with a unique poison." Norolion appeared by the head of the bed. "It is preventing the wound from beginning to heal and allowing you to keep bleeding, my King." "What can we do to stop it?" Legolas asked nervously. Norolion glanced from the prince to his father with trepidation. "The quickest and cleanest thing we can do is cauterise the wound." Thranduil's eyes widened. He stared from the healer to his son and back again, shaking his head as hard as he could - which wasn't very hard, all things considered. "Give us a moment," Legolas said softly. Norolion nodded once and walked to the other side of the room, far enough to provide some privacy but close enough to be useful if anything should happen. "I know how you feel about fire, Adar, but this could save your life!" Legolas whispered earnestly. "It will only take a moment and then everything will be fine." Thranduil's face creased in pain both current and remembered and he turned his head away. After what that dragon had done to him, he had spent centuries hiding his terror of being burned again. Now he was supposed to believe that they needed to burn him in order to save his life? "Please, Ada." His eyes snapped back to his son, who was sitting disconsolately beside the bed. "I can't lose you, Ada. Not now, not ever. I-I didn't mean what I said before." See? I told you, Lothiriel's gentle voice teased as Thranduil watched a single tear make its way down his son's ivory cheek. Thranduil realised that Legolas was still speaking. "You aren't a coward. You're anything but a coward. I only said that because I was angry, and because...because I thought you didn't care. But I know that you do . And I care about you, so please let them do this!" There was no choice. As much as he feared it, this was the only solution that would allow him to continue living with his son. He couldn't leave Legolas alone, not with his brothers still missing and his mother already gone. Lothiriel would never forgive him if he met her now in the Halls of Mandos, knowing the burdens he'd placed on their young son's shoulders. He nodded once, stiffly, and tried to suppress the feeling that he was signing his own death warrant. "My father has agreed to allow you to cauterise the wound. Please, do it quickly." Legolas moved back to sit out of the way by his father's head, taking one of his hands. He squeezed gently and smiled, but the expression didn't reach his worried eyes. Thranduil tried to squeeze back, but the energy just wasn't there. It was all he could do to keep his eyes open and fixed on his son. He couldn't risk looking down at the wrong moment and witnessing what they were about to do to him. The pain would be bad enough without the image as well. "Squeeze as hard as you need to, Adar," Legolas told him. "I know this will hurt." You have no idea, ion-nin. Thranduil would never admit to his son that he still had nightmares about the time after he was burned by the dragon. For weeks he had lain in a bed in the medical wing, swathed in bandages that felt like they were lined with razors. Unable to move, see or even scream, he had lain there believing himself to be the only occupant in a universe of pain. This would not be nearly so bad, but the pain would be the same type. Flashbacks and nightmares were inevitable; it was only recently that the nightmares had started to recede, too. He should have known that it was too good to be true. "We are ready, my King. I will make this as quick as I can." Without thinking, Thranduil looked down and saw the red-hot knife descending towards him. Panic rose in his throat and he tried to move himself away from the heat beating against his skin, but strong hands held him down. Pale hair crossed his vision and a soft voice murmured in his ear. " Scream if you need to, Adar. I'm here. You're safe." Then the world was filled with pain again. The sickening hiss of hot metal on flesh was drowned out by screams as Thranduil struggled against his son and the healers who held him down. Cauterisation was always traumatic but for the King who had been burned with dragon fire, it was pure torture. Sweat ran down his face and mingled with the blood that had dried in streaks on his face and chin as he choked out agonised screams. All the while, his son murmured soothingly in his ear, reminding him that he was not alone, that he was with those who loved him, and that everything was going to be alright. Elvish: Adar: father Ion-nin: my son