of some for you," she promised languidly and he nodded, sensing that she was starting to tire and would need to sleep soon. He had to admit that he was falling into a similar state. "The book is yours," she said after a pause, more as a statement of fact than a question. "Yes." "I saw what your mother had written inside," she elaborated, sure he knew how she had discovered this but wanting to hear him say something of the inscription. It was nothing too unique, just a mother's declaration of her love for her son, but she had been honored to know he had trusted her with something so meaningful to him. "It was the last gift she gave me before she died," he said with a reflective tone, devoid of melancholy. It did not hurt him to think of his mother. Unlike his brother, whose age and awareness had meant he bore the brunt of the pain of loss for both of them, he had been so young when she died that it had always felt better for him to hold tightly to what little he could remember of her than to wish for a longer time with her that had not been meant to be. "I have been very careful with it," she insisted. He grinned at her assurance. "I knew you would be." They fell into a comfortable silence and Faramir found his eyes following the soft folds of her gown again now that there was no conversation to focus on. The white fabric of the fine gown, complementing her fair complexion and light hair, made her seem to glow in the lamp light with an otherworldly beauty that rivaled a full moon over Ithilien. "That gown is very becoming on you," he said, the smile on his face unwavering from before. She looked down at her attire as if to assess the accuracy of his compliment and remembered her thoughts about the dearness of the clothing from earlier. She raised one of her legs off the floor, the fabric falling gracefully around her, and along the hem she could already see discoloration from walking around the dusty halls. No doubt her bare feet were in an even worse state. Surely acceptable for a Lady of Rohan who tends to her own horses or a shield-maiden trained for battle, she thought, but a noblewoman from Minas Tirith would not have soiled her wears so quickly. "I'm not sure if I'm quite suited for the opulence of Gondor," she said dubiously. "Could you be?" She furrowed her brows at his question, thinking for a second that he was asking if she liked the clothing that had been provided for her. She was about to speak in her defense, her lips already parted, when she took in the serious, slightly nervous set of his countenance and she realized he may have intended a different meaning with his question. Before she could even begin to ponder what he meant, she felt a yawn rise up in her throat and habitually tried to move her right hand to cover her mouth. She realized that he still held it and, rather than pull her hand out of his, she turned in towards her shoulder to prevent the indignity of yawning at him and making him believe that she was bored by him. In spite of her efforts, he still saw what she was doing and leaned in towards her. "You are tired. Do you wish to return to your room?" he asked thoughtfully. As he had promised earlier that he would make it his mission to keep her awake during the day, the notice he paid to her present wakefulness was expected. The phrasing of his question, however, made her intently ponder what he asked. Back in her room were the sheets she had grown accustomed to, the east facing view he had granted her, books he had lent to her with the best of intentions but here, there was him. And she truly could not think of a time when she was more content in sleep than when she was sleeping in the garden by his side. "I would rather stay here," she said slowly, her voice wavering in apprehension. He regarded her curiously, his head tilting slightly as if he was considering her words and unsure of what to make of them. For a long moment, they sat watching each other, her face controlled and his tense. In the still of the night she could hear a change in the depth of his breaths and the sound of him swallowing. She remained silent, wondering if he was making a decision or if she had not been understood and he was waiting for more to be said. "I wish to sleep here," she finally clarified. His tense expression relaxed, the lines of thought softening and reappearing in a confirming smile, not as if her clarification had necessarily changed his interpretation but as if the idea had finally settled. Slowly, he let go of her hand and moved himself over to the other side of the bed, allowing her the side closer to where she sat. With a whispered, "thank you", she stretched herself out in the space, satisfyingly warm from his body, and rested her head against the very edge of the pillow. She had lain on her side with the pressure away from her injured arm, facing in towards him. When she no longer seemed to be settling in, she watched him as he got comfortable lying down facing her. Taking the other side of the pillow, there was a considerable gap between them but she still marveled at how close she felt to him and how soothing his company seemed to be to her. His face with its affectionate smile was the last thing she saw before she closed her eyes and fell quickly into a blissful sleep. And for neither of them did the dreams come.