home. For any attempt to impose my own will on such might would necessarily diminish it, and I have no wish to do that." "So you would simply do as she wishes in all things, and thereby avoid any conflict?" asked Finrod "I did not say that. I said that I had no desire to force my own will on her. But she listens to my reasoning when we disagree on matters, and I to hers. It has been my experience that such discussions often lead to better decisions than either of us could make alone," explained Celeborn Finrod seemed to consider this. "When Artanis informed me of her intentions, she said that, since our father is yet living, I have no authority over her in this matter. But now here you are, asking my permission. Might this be one such disagreement? How did you convince her to accept my authority and allow you to come to me?" "I told her that we had nothing to lose and much to gain in asking, and that her own pride was not worth losing a brother whom I know she loves," Celeborn told him. "Nothing to lose? I could say no," Finrod reminded him. "If I did so, would you still marry her?" A shock of fear ran through Celeborn at the question and in his head he cursed his careless choice of words. He hesitated, trying to decide if it would be better to give the right answer, or the true one. "It would depend upon your reasoning," he began slowly. "If you were to convince me that it would be better for Galad - for Artanis - for us not to be married, then I would not, for I want only what is best for her. But if you deny me simply because you do not want me to marry her, then, well, I would have to make a choice. For if you do not want me to marry her, and she does want me to marry her, then I must disappoint one of you. And, much as I respect you, I would place her wishes above yours in such a matter." An amused smile flitted across Finrod's face. "Well, though it lacks propriety, I can find no fault in your reasoning," he mused. Then he paused for a moment and seemed to consider something. "Look at me," he told Celeborn, "Let me see you." Celeborn met his eyes. Finrod's eyes were green as thistles, and no less sharp. They seemed to not so much look at Celeborn, but through him, as though his very mind and spirit were laid bare before them. He felt panic rising in his chest. Ever had he relied on stealth and secrecy for safety, it was terrible to feel so exposed, so visible. He found himself fighting the urge to turn away from such an intrusion, to find a place to hide where he could not be seen at all. But Celeborn did not look away, though his neck began to sting with sweat and his hands trembled. At last Finrod dropped his gaze. "Ever has my sister been a good judge of character, and I see now that you are no exception," Finrod said, smiling. "I will admit, I was confused when she first told me of her affection for you. I could not see why she, who has always desired greatness, would wish to attach herself to you, a minor lord of a simple people. But I see now she does not seek a husband to match her in power, but to compliment her in spirit. For where she is reckless, you are prudent; where you are meek, she is proud. I think you will bring out the best in each other, and what more could one wish for in such a union? I can think of no better husband for her." "Truly?" asked Celeborn. "Truly," replied Finrod with a smile, "I fear that someday you two may suffer the same fate as my own beloved and myself, and for a long age be separated by the vastness of the world. But I have no wish to hasten that day by separating you now, even if I could. You have both my permission and my blessing, meaningless though they are." "Nay, not meaningless," replied Celeborn joyously, "for it is clear that you have much love for your sister, and I have no desire to cause strife between you." "And there shall be none, for I would be proud to call you brother." Finrod smiled. "I can see that my sister spoke truly when she said that you are wise." "I am flattered that she thinks so, though I confess I know not why she does. I find that I seek her counsel in matters far more than she seeks mine." "Perhaps that is why," Finrod laughed, "for what, in her mind, could be a greater sign of wisdom than to value her counsel?" Seeing Celeborn's look of dismay, he quickly added, "Nay, fear not. What I said in jest I mean in earnest. For though she is proud and willful, none could call her foolish, and to recognize and seek out wise counsel is itself wisdom. I would even say it is a greater form of it, for those that give counsel have only their own perspective, while those that receive it have those of all their counselors, as well as their own." "To speak so kindly, after you have already given me more than I ever could have hoped for. Truly, you are a gracious host," Celeborn said, beaming. "And I would continue to be so, if you would tarry here a bit longer. For such an event calls for celebration. Come, brother! Let us drink to the union of our houses, and to the wedding of Celeborn and Artanis!" declared Finrod. "Nay," he corrected himself, "the wedding of Celeborn and Galadriel. Long may you dwell in happiness together." Please review!