grabbed my arm, and then took off running at full speed. Together, we dashed through tunnel after tunnel, winding around every possible corner, until we reached the city of bridges, Goblin-town. This time, however, the city was not empty. The goblins had returned home, and they were waiting for us, armed with deadly bows and sharp spears. Now more than ever, I was really regretting my decision to explore the city. Was this it? After countless escapes, had Mandos finally caught us? "Make for the bridge," Turin whispered. I looked around, seeing countless bridges. "Which bridge?" "The one that isn't crawling with goblins!" Indeed, there was such a bridge—just one bridge—and it could hardly be called a bridge, for it was missing over half of its beams and there was enough footing for only half a crossing. What was Turin thinking? " Now! " At his call, we raced toward the bridge, and the goblins began their attack at full-force. They surged after us in a giant wave, hurling spears and firing arrows. One arrow sliced across my bicep, and another stuck right into Turin's thigh, but we kept on running until we reached the bridge. Then we made our way across, narrowly dodging the arrows that whizzed past us as we attempted to navigate the rickety bridge. "This was your big plan?" I cursed my curiosity for putting us in this situation. "We're going to be surrounded." The goblins were closing in, and fast. "No, we're not," Turin replied calmly. "Reach for my dagger." "Why?" "Just do it!" He ducked as an arrow flew over his head, and I did as I was bid. "Now," he went on, bending down and grabbing one of the supporting ropes, "cut the ropes behind you ... and hold on very tight. This will be quite the fall." I tightly gripped the rope with my left hand and began cutting with my right: over and over, slicing and slicing until thread after thread snapped beneath the blade and the bridge suddenly collapsed. It swung through the air, hurling the screaming goblins into the darkness below. We hit the side hard. Most of the beams shattered into millions of splinters that dug deep into my arms and legs. Turin's arm had been pierced by many of these wooden daggers, but still he held onto the rope with all his strength, and then he swung his feet around until he found a small ledge to rest upon. He let out a heavy sigh and leaned his bleeding head against the rope. "That wasn't so bad." Oh, but it was. Unlike Turin, I had found no ledge, and my arms were quickly giving out. Before my last bit of strength ran out, I looked up at Turin, held his gaze, and started to say, "I'm sorry," but the words became lost in the air as my hold broke and I plummeted into the dark chasm. I heard Turin screaming my name as I fell and fell. Forever, I was falling and spinning at a dizzying speed, but I didn't feel the air beneath me. No, I felt hard stone. And then I felt the cold rush of water as I splashed into the stream below. The hot sun was shining its light over me, telling me I was finally safe. Turin came sliding down just moments later, and he landed much harder than I had. For a long time he just lay on his back, staring up at the sky with a tired expression on his face; then it became contorted with discomfort as he reached behind his back and pulled out a broken arrow with a white fletching. An arrow from my quiver. Several of them were scattered about the stream, most of them unsalvageable. Out of instinct, I reached for the bow on my back and panicked when I felt nothing. "Where is it?" I murmured, searching the ground furiously. "Where is it? It has to be here! It has to!" Again, Turin reached beneath him and dragged out a matching white bow, Legolas's first and only gift to me. Without another thought, I took the bow and began looking it over for scratches and breaks like it was a beloved child rather than a piece of wood. But it was so very important to me, for it was all I had to remember Legolas by. I could still remember the day he left Middle-earth, and when I thought about it, my chest tightened and my heart sank. "I'm fine too, by the way," Turin casually declared, "but the bow survived, and that's all that matters. I nearly got skewered by all your arrows, but as long as the bow is fine ..." I smiled down at him. "Turin, you jumped." "Yeah ..." "For me." "Yeah ..." I laughed. "Do you hate me now, Turin?" He splashed some water onto his dirty face. "You know I don't. I never could." "Good ... because I couldn't help but notice how close we are to Rivendell ..." Now, he was frowning. "No. No way! We were just there!" " Four months ago! " I argued, getting far too excited, as I usually did whenever elves were brought into conversation. "So much could have happened since then, and I really want to tell Elladan about the troll and the goblins. Please, please, Turin, please!" I dropped to my knees and gave him the biggest, most pleading pout I was capable of. He groaned and threw his head back. "Oh, fine, we'll go see the stupid elves." "Yes!" I hugged him tightly. "Thank you!" Little did I know, a lot had changed since we had last visited Rivendell. As we neared the hidden valley, I saw a sight I never thought possible. The Last Homely House was alive and bustling once more, echoing with the sounds of music and laughter. The elves had returned to Middle-earth. And so ends the first chapter. Thanks for reading, and please review!