but too...dry. It took him a few moments to realize that he could not be far from where he had received the injury. He had been at the border or Harad, and one of the Hasharin soldiers must have come across his body. Glorfindel looked around, taking in the luxury about him with no small measure of astonishment. Veins of gold shone in the walls and it seemed that the very building he was in was made of marble. The pain in his head, though very much present, was far duller than it had been when he had woken in the night. He settled himself back against his pillows, finding that closing his eyes offered a nearly instant relief. He toyed with the idea of going to sleep again, and regretfully decided that he should at least try to get up and have a look out of the window, which admitted a warm and pleasant breeze. When he looked more closely, he saw that the window was screened by some sort of tight, clear cloth to keep out the sand. Presently, he heard a gentle knock at his door. He glanced toward his dagger, which was lying close at hand on a strange little wooden table that looked as if it might fold under too much weight. After deciding that he likely had no need of it (his life had been saved, after all) he called, "Come in." The girl that entered was undeniably one of the Haradrim. She had a gleaming copper skin, long black hair, and a striking, high-boned face which boasted an overhanging brow and full scarlet mouth. Her face was veiled with a light cloth which was much the same as the fabric that shaded the windows. "Ah, you're awake," she said in heavily accented Westron, setting down her tray on the precarious little table. Glorfindel eyed it for a moment, expecting it to collapse. When it didn't, he turned his attention back to the girl, who seemed to be uncertain as to whether or not he had understood her words. "Where am I, my lady?" he asked. "And what happened to me?" He winced at how... mortal...and uncultured... his words sounded, but he dismissed it. Finding out where he was and what exactly had happened to him was far more important than trivial courtesy. The girl smiled, relieved at finding herself understood. "You're in Kalsini, the capital of Harad," said the girl, taking the lid off a pot of some sort of savory-smelling soup. "I'm not exactly sure what happened, but according to my mistress, your skull is cracked, though not very badly. It's more of a flesh wound. I expect your head was hit by an orc's club or something similar." "My companions!" he cried, remembering Lindir and the twins. "Where are they? Have they fallen?" "So far as I know, you were the only elf found there. My mistress mentioned that there were three others, but she did not say they were killed or captured." Glorfindel inclined his head, relieved. "What is your name, my lady?" A look of confusion came over her face, and he realized that she had not understood him. " What is my name?" she asked, slowly, stumbling over the syllables. "Ah...its...meaning? Is that right?" She furrowed her brow in confusion. "I am mistaking this, am I not?" "Perhaps, my Lady. I do not ask for the meaning of your name, simply the name itself." "Oh!" she said. "Then why did you not say, 'how are you called?'" She set a bowl of the fragrant soup before him, and he found with some surprise that he had a hearty appetite. He ate slowly, so as not to jar the back of his head more than necessary. "I suspect it is nothing more than a difference in grammar between Haradrim and Westron, my lady," he said with a smile. "In that case, I shall ask you properly. Fair lady, how are you called?" "Payesha Sainath," she said with a sweeping bow, and allowed him to kiss the tips of her fingers. "And you are, Lord?" "Glorfindel of the House of the Golden Flower, from Rivendell," he answered. "Only my friend's twin sons call me that, however, and it gets tiresome. Call me Glorfindel." Payesha silently sounded the name out, and he realized that she was trying to pronounce it without a Haradaic accent. "Glorfindel," she said slowly. Then she cast a look at his bandaged head. "Are you in pain at all?" "Some. Is this a pain-reducing herb that has been packed under the bandage?" "Yes, and some mold." Glorfindel looked up at her, puzzled. "Mold? You mean the filth upon old fruit?" "Here, we have a type upon date fruit that routs infection." She drew forth a vial of some white liquid and handed it to him once he had finished his soup. "What is it?" he asked. "It will help you to sleep," she said, gathering up her things. "The healers say that sleep is the best thing you can have at this stage after injury, and I shall be back in an hour or so to see to you, and one of the healers will come in every fifteen minutes or so to make sure you are all right." Glorfindel permitted her to take away the bowl and then uncorked the phial. Payesha had turned away, so he put the phial to his lips and drained it. Suddenly, Payesha turned back to him. "Oh, by the way, only take a quarter of-" Glorfindel's eyelids fluttered, and he promptly began to snore. In horror, Payesha snatched up the phial and groaned at the sight. The bottle was decidedly empty. " Shala. No!" She sighed and ran a hand through her hair, wondering what she could possibly do. Another thought came to her and she groaned, banging her head against the marble wall with a resounding thud. "Wait until Ninitha and Khala find out I've done it again! "