hundred dollars for that book! I had to work for a little while during my vacation to completely afford it, but in the end, it's here and you're happy. Right?" Katie didn't respond. On top of being an emotional wreck, she was extremely tired since she'd been having vivid, recurring nightmares for the past three months. Her social worker had told her the bad dreams would pass nearly two weeks ago when she'd brought it up, but he'd been wrong: they were getting worse. In fact... lately, she had been having extremely sinister nightmares concerning giant birds of all varieties, disembodied voices, blood, and lots of fire. However, when Kate had finally opened up and discreetly spoken to the old librarian about a 'friend' who was having 'similar' nightmares, the albino had been startled to learn that the woman thought her visions actually sounded familiar. The result of that conversation had led to the discovery of a rare book with only ten thousand copies on the market. Unfortunately, the fact that her nightmares had led to the discovery of this book had seriously frightened her. She hadn't wanted to think they were real. "Good God..." Katie whispered, heart dropping through the floor when she flipped the book open to the first page; an evil-looking monster with black wings had been sketched into it. "U-u-um... thank you, Miss McKinley... my... friend will be happy now that we can find out what her dreams mean." "Don't you worry about a thing, little dear," the woman sighed, giving her that warm, grandmotherly grin before she glanced at the clock. "Oh, my! Is it really almost six thirty already?! You should hurry up and get to your first class, otherwise you'll end up being tardy!" "I can't," the pale girl mumbled, lowering her eyes in dismay. "Alan and his cronies have no qualms about skipping classes, so I'm kind of stuck here. They know I always head for the library each morning, remember? I had to go through the back window last time since they wouldn't go away." "Oh, is that all? Maybe I can help you," the librarian chuckled, heading over to her desk and opening the top drawer; when she pulled out a tiny key and held it out to Katie, the silver-haired teen frowned and took it with gentle hands. "See? It's good being a teacher's pet now and then!" "What's this?" Katie hesitantly asked, blinking at the key with a worried expression. "I mean... what does it go to? The window?" "No, silly, it's the key to the back door," the elderly woman replied, pointing to the door resting at the very back of the library. "It lets out near the drama rooms, and the hallway will take you right to the cafeteria. I'm sure you'll be able to find your way from there, right?" "Yes... I often go down to the drama rooms to read after school gets out," Katie admitted, stuffing the book into her backpack. "Are you sure you don't mind doing this for me, though? I mean, couldn't you get in trouble for loaning me one of the faculty keys?" "Oh, pish posh! You'd never tattle on me," the old woman giggled, waving a dainty hand. "Get going, kiddo... don't be late for class." "Okay... thanks again," Katie sighed, giving the woman a rare smile before she jogged towards the door. However, just before she got there, a terrible ache assaulted her and her feet slowed. After a moment, she turned around and clenched her fists. "Um, hey... I... this morning... I..." "Yes?" Mrs. McKinley asked, blinking at her with a grandmotherly smile. "What is it?" The girl stood there for a long moment, trying to figure out what she wanted to say in order to make the tightness in her heart go away. Katie opened her mouth, as if she were going to speak, but then she closed it again and lowered her eyes: not long after, her irises became somewhat lifeless and they lost their sheen once again. Shaking her head, she turned away from the confused librarian and unlocked the rear door; the girl blinked when it opened and pocketed the key before giving the librarian a long look. The woman frowned with worry when the albino stared at her for several moments of silence. Trying to convey a message that would most likely never get through. Then she slipped out into the drama corridor, hefting her bag as she prepared to face the worst. It wasn't because of her situation, though... it was because, she was still holding onto the last shreds of her optimism. Her motto was simple: if you only expect the worst, you can only be pleasantly surprised. And as terrible as it might sound, it was with good reason that her ideals had fallen so far: it had been ingrained in her heart and her head a long time ago that if you feel, you will break... but if you don't feel, nothing can hurt you. But because her treacherous heart wasn't made of stone, hurt was all she understood, no matter how much she wanted to avoid it. And that's why... on days when she didn't go to her private high school, she simply threw on some old clothes and headed out into the woods behind her house to be alone. She had a garden back there, a place she had been tending to for months now. Her garden was peaceful and quiet... soothing, in a way. It was so different from her normal, chaotic, everyday life that she would have preferred being homeless. If only so she could live in her garden forever. Because, when Katie was tending to her secret garden, there was no pain... there was no sadness or anxiety... there was no guilt. There was no need to pretend that she was normal. And if she was going to be honest with herself... Katherine Ashley Sanders was not a normal girl. At all.