to the empty seat next to Gandalf with the calculated muscle coordination of a trained warrior. She promptly sat down and crossed one leg over the other with her swords laying at her feet. Always within reach of her quick hands. "The lady speaks truthful. Gondor can't wield it, none of us can. The Ring answers only to Sauron and has no other master," a man spoke, different than Boromir. It appeared that he was one of the wilds; judging by his slightly matted dark brown hair, and overall rugged appearance (despite the fact that he had bathed and dressed properly for the meeting) . A true wanderer at heart with a lot of wisdom hiding behind watchful grey eyes. The man of Gondor pulled up his nose when the other spoke with a soft and clear voice that held a natural authority. "And what.. would a ranger know of this matter?" He asked again in a forceful and accusing matter. "This is no mere ranger," A young elf called and stood up with a defying posture. "He is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe him your allegiance." A pause. "Aragorn? This.. is Isildur's heir?" "And heir to the throne of Gondor," Legolas added. This made a few people whisper to each other feverishly, shooting the ranger suspicious glances in the meantime who clenched his jaw displeased at this sudden discovery of his heritage. " Sit down, Legolas, " he muttered to the prince of Mirkwood in Elvish, who stood for a few seconds longer after complying to the words of his good friend. Boromir scoffed, his voice strained as he spoke and sitting down either. "Gondor has no king. Gondor needs no king." The meeting continued almost undisturbed aside from the both curious and suspicious glances that were thrown in the visitor's direction. It was evident that the Ring was truly the One Ring when Gimli, son of Gloin, broken his axe in an attempt to destroy it in an impulsive move. Elrond explained that it had to be casted in Mount Doom, where it was forged, in order to destroy it. A suicide run, but a run that had to be made or everything was lost. A little overdramatic, but true. Elves jumped up, Dwarves roared and Men waved their arms frantically whilst everyone screamed bloody murder. Chaos filled the council room and the One Ring seemed to revel in it. Gandalf strayed away from his seat and tried to calm people down as Maeve remained seated, watching how emotions erupted like a volcano over a single inanimate object. Curiously she glanced in the direction of Frodo; who was fixated on the Ring on the altar. A hand on his forehead and breathing in sharply through his nostrils. He felt it calling out, longing to be held by someone, anyone. Finally, the Hobbit could take no more and stood up -unable to control himself- and cried out. "I will take it!" His shrill voice had called and somehow reached into the ears of those who screamed murder at each other. "I will take the Ring!" There was silence when the eyes of old, withered men, battle-hardened dwarves and wise elves downed upon the little Hobbit from the Shire. Frodo swallowed a couple of times at this kind of intense and unwanted attention before his eyes focused on his hairy feet almost shameful of his outburst. "Though I do not know the way.." Gandalf let out some of his withheld breath and walked towards the little Hobbit. "I will help you bear this burden, Frodo Baggings. As long as it is yours to bear," he said as he laid his large hands on Frodo's shoulders and squeezed softly but reassuringly. Immediately, Aragorn was by Gandalf's side. His physique was almost lean compared to the large Boromir, but Maeve could spot that he enjoyed years of training in expert marksmanship and melee by how the man moved and kneeled down in front of the little Hobbit. "If by my life or death, I can protect you. I will." The voice of the man was slightly hoarse, deep, but firm. "You have my sword." He had whispered before standing up and behind Frodo with a hand on the Hobbit's tiny shoulders. Legolas, the Elf with majestic blue eyes, emerged amidst the members of the council. "And you have my bow," he spoke with a voice similar to the ringing of bells. The Dwarf Gimli who had his axe broken on the Ring also jumped up. His fiery red beard furrowed as he nodded fiercely at the Hobbit and grabbed another axe. "And my axe!" This earned a disapproving glance from Legolas. Awkwardly the two stood together next to the wizard's side, who winked approvingly –and a bit amused- to a seemingly surprised Elrond, when Boromir, son of Denethor hesitantly walked towards them and fixated on the Hobbit after sparing you a quick, uncomfortable glance. "You carry the fate of us all little one. If this is indeed the will of the council," he said with a slight hint of disapproval, "then Gondor will see it done." Suddenly out of the blue, and to the surprise of everyone, three Hobbits emerged with the argument that would not leave their friend behind on a mad quest without their help and 'wisdom'. According to the Hobbit named Pippin that is. Elrond took in a deep breath and his nostrils slightly flared in approval. "Nine companions.. I would say that this is sufficient, but you will need an expert with you to avoid the numerous hidden allies of Sauron. Maeve," Elrond said and the visitor stood up at the utter of her name, "can aid you with that." "Indeed I can," she affirmed and kneeled down in front of Frodo who felt the content feeling of companionship and trust seep into his very heart. "My swords, skills and my knowledge are at your disposal Mr. Frodo Baggins. Together, we will succeed." Like it? Review please!