telling me? Legolas bit back the returning threat of tears, reminding himself that his wife and daughter and their kin waited for him outside, whatever happened this day. He considered his father's question, one he had asked himself time and time. "I… don't know." Thranduil's silence filled the room for a long moment. His next words were firmer in tone than his previous ones, that boiling something sending up bubbles to pop at the surface of his voice. "Were you planning on telling me at all ?" Finally, the woodland king turned around to face his son, his expression unreadable. "If this unexpected child had not come to force the issue, would you have ever said a word of it ?" Legolas did not even notice when he stepped back from his father, the anger in the king's voice shocking his son into silence. Legolas dropped his gaze to the trim of his father's robes, unable to withstand the intensity of his eyes any longer. Suddenly he felt very young again, like a child caught after breaking something precious he'd been told not to touch. "I… I didn't think you would understand—" The pain in Thranduil's voice finally broke through to the surface, erupting at last. "Understand, Legolas, understand ? How could I? HOW COULD I ? What you have done... no, I do not understand it." Thranduil paused, breathing deeply as he made another attempt to control his voice. "You are my son , Legolas. I will not pretend that I am not astonished. I will not deny that I am deeply angry with what you have done. But you should have told me !" Thranduil again turned his back on his son. "Do you have so little love for your own father? So little faith? Why did I learn of this, not from my own blood, but from some envoy of Imladris ?!" The king's fist landed on the desk beneath the window with violence. Legolas flinched despite himself; shame clogged his throat. Thranduil roughly dragged a hand through his long hair, leaving it mussed out of place as he turned back to his son; Legolas had never seen him do such a thing in his life. They stared at each other in a tense silence for what felt like an eternity. Surprisingly, it was Thranduil who broke away first "I don't know you anymore, Legolas. Perhaps I never did. Never in my wildest dreams or deepest nightmares could I have forseen… this." Legolas had no idea how to even begin to reply to such a statement. A part of him wanted to run into his father's arms as he had done as a child, to be held and comforted, but it seemed utterly impossible now. Thranduil covered his face with a shaking hand. "Take the child to Erebor. Perhaps they will know better what to do with her." ' And you' seemed to Legolas to be the unspoken conclusion. He briefly lifted a hand, wanting to reach out to his father, to comfort him in some way, but he was unable to do so. He turned silently and slowly walked toward the door. His hand was upon it when he turned back. "I am sorry, adar." Thranduil's reply was little more than a whisper, reaching Legolas across the room as though from a great distance. "You are still my son, Legolas, and my love for you cannot be broken so easily… but I cannot bring myself to forgive you today. In time…" The king shook his head and turned back to his window, dismissing his prodigal offspring. ooooo The rest of the journey to Erebor was quiet but far less tense. The dwarves seemed ever more determined to lay claim to Legolas and pull him further into their midst. Dwalin had shocked him from head to toe by declaring that he must begin learning Khuzdul as soon as possible, and even Gloin agreed (so long as he swore not to share it with any dratted elves, of course, and now you're officially an overgrown pointy-eared dwarf so just accept it laddie and stop arguing with yer da). Legolas suspected it all had as much to do with spite toward his father as anything else, but their apparent acceptance warmed him nonetheless. Even the suspicious looks and cold welcome he had received at the gates of the dwarf kingdom in the Lonely Mountain could not dampen his renewed spirits. He had his wife and his daughter. He knew it would not be simple or easy, but in time he would regain his father and kin as well. There was Fangorn to look forward to. He even smiled at the thought of the Glittering Caves (Gimli now spoke often of plans to eventually take a whole host of dwarves to those caves and begin a new kingdom to rival the glory even of Moria at its peak, with Legolas and Cíweth at her side, and there was no use arguing). As Legolas now walked the halls of Erebor with Cíweth babbling at him in his arms and his wife striding ahead of him, he thought perhaps the Fourth Age would not just be a time of endings, but also a time of beginnings, and the bringing forth of new things. ooooo The lady draped an arm over her husband's shoulder as he leaned upon his hammer, both of them looking out as if watching at a great distance. He felt rather than saw her smile, and placed a hand on her arm, returning the warmth he felt from his wife. "I don't think they quite expected that one, my love." "Oh, certainly not." She laughed warmly, planting a kiss to his cheek. "I think they make quite an adorable little family." She felt deep laughter rising from within his broad chest. "Who could think otherwise?" "Only fools, darling. Only fools." Yavanna pull her husband's chin toward her, kissing Aulë deeply before departing, leaving him to return to his forge.