might prefer her to marry one from Rohan." "You are a decent, respectable man of Gondor. The bond between the two regions will be wrought anew." "So said Eomer King," Faramir agreed, before a light of mirth glowed in his grey eyes, and he added, "He also said that he said that he was looking forward to having a brother to bully Eowyn with." "I bet Lady Eowyn will be overjoyed to hear that. Eomer's probably looking forward to the nuptials more than either of you." Faramir laughed, holding Pippin's shoulder affectionately, his dark locks sweeping over his face. Shaking the hair from his face, he sighed amusedly and accepted his pipe back from the young Hobbit, slipping it between his lips deftly and looking into the starlit sky. In a second he was grinning again, and he shook his head, holding his forehead in hand, before stamping the floor with his foot decisively and walking fast towards the exit of the gardens. "Where are you going, Faramir?" Sweeping around, his cloak folding about him in a smooth wave of dark green material, he walked backwards while shouting back to Pippin: "I have an appointment with my fiancée!" Eowyn closed the door of her bathroom softly, having bid the handmaidens to go. They had fluttered from her room one by one leaving her to finally relax. Before they had left, they had made her a bath, and Eowyn untied the belt on her bathrobe and let it slide to the floor. Stepping into the warm water, she let out a sigh of contentment, before she sank down and allowed the steam to curl about her. Her hair was loosely tied atop her head, but curled locks furled down her back, pooling about in the water. He long lashed eyes were closed wearily, and her thoughts were filled by certain 'dashing' Captains of Gondor. She wondered what Eomer had said to him, and she nearly began to giggle aloud when she though of the look on Faramir's face when she had left. She felt a little bit guilty about it, but above all, she was amused. Her thoughts were interrupted by the door opening behind her, and an inquiring voice calling softly: "Eowyn? Are you..?" The voice was cut short when a head popped around the door, and Eowyn squeaked in a very brave manner. Faramir started and promptly slammed the door shut, before calling through the ornately carved entrance: "Eowyn! I'm sorry, I-I didn't know that you were… You told me to come up…!" At Faramir's embarrassment, Eowyn did laugh, but she then pulled the suds atop the bath towards her, covering her immodesty, before calling back: "It's all right now Faramir, I am decent." Faramir shyly opened the door, and with a sheepish look on his face, he sidled through the door. Eyeing him with a grin, Eowyn beckoned him closer, and he walked behind her and rested his head on the naked shoulder. She turned her face towards his and placed a kiss on his mouth, before asking with a sigh: "What did Eomer say to you, my Lord Faramir? And what could you have taken so long discussing?" "Well, my Lady, I spoke to Eomer King of the matter of us, and our engagement." "And what did he say?" "He gave his consent." Eowyn howled suddenly with ecstasy, and she spun round in the bath to grab Faramir and embrace him tightly. Taken off guard, the poor Captain was pulled towards her, and he was roped into the bath, fully clothed and looking slightly subdued. He lay atop Eowyn, whose arms were still lying around his neck, and their faces were nose-to-nose. Faramir leaned down to kiss her soundly on the mouth, and she closed her eyes contentedly. She sighed happily and commented: "Then you are now my fiancé?" "I am." "I feel light headed," Eowyn informed Faramir in a matter-of-face voice. "I tend to have that effect on people," laughed the Captain. Eowyn pouted at him sarcastically, and Faramir just grinned at her charmingly, before giving her a final kiss on her brow, to which she responded: "Now, my silly Captain, get out of my bath and wash my hair." Faramir nudged her nose with his lovingly before he pushed himself out of the bath. His clothes were sodden and heavy and his cloak swam out into the water. His hair was soaking, strewn about his handsome face in soggy strands and when he stood up and looked in the mirror, he gave a laugh at his reflection. Water was all over the floor, and it squelched out of his boots when he walked, but he didn't mind. He knelt at the end of the bath where Eowyn had rested her head, and he poured some liquid from a small earthenware pot at the side of the bath into his hand, before rubbing it into Eowyn's soggy golden hair and lathering it up. He massaged the soap into her hair with the tips of his fingers, his sleeves rolled up to his elbows, and she rested against his hands leisurely. "So what took so long with my brother?" "Well, speaking with Lord Eomer didn't actually take that long. After that though, I smoked in the garden for a little while, and then I spoke to Pippin." "You smoke too much, my Lord." "Don't worry. I've only just taken it up. I'm sure the novelty will wear off." "I'm not complaining. You look good with a pipe. Anyway," laughed Eowyn, "What could have been so important with Master Took that you postponed washing my hair?" Faramir chuckled happily, before pulling Eowyn's head to face his and kissing her. She looked beautiful, her hair covered in white foam, squinting to stop her eyes stinging, the body submerged beneath cloudy, aromatic water. He was marrying this amazing woman, after all of the strife he had endured in his life, and he couldn't be happier. "Nothing at all, my love."