what this means among my people." Gimli shifted slightly and canted her hips, levering them both over until she was resting atop him and kissed him again. " Yes , you daft elf, I know p recisely what I am doing, and I intend to finish it if only you will allow me." Legolas kissed her again and sat up, shifting her to the mossy forest floor. Gimli cried out in surprise and frustration, reaching out in the dark for him again. Arod whinnied and stamped nearby. "Gimli… forgive me. Forgive me, my love, but this is all too sudden." Gimli's heart fell and she very nearly came to tears again but restrained herself this time. The nearly tangible darkness under the trees was thinning finally; anywhere else the light of dawn would be visible at the horizon. Legolas stood and moved around their little camp, although Gimli could not yet see well enough to say exactly what he was doing. She felt less wretched than before but only marginally. By the time the sun had risen in earnest, Legolas had pulled a passable breakfast out of their packs and hanged their cloaks from nearby branches to dry the dew that had dampened them. Gimli sat and chewed the slightly stale bread and cheese and apples they'd brought with them from Edoras in silence and washed it down with the waterskin. Legolas sat beside her but did not attempt to touch or hold her as he had done in the night. Perhaps it was all just a strange dream , she thought. They continued walking through the forest, several days passing in relative calm and with little conversation. Gimli did not have the heart to broach what had happened and Legolas seemed content to act as though nothing had occurred. On the seventh day, they came upon an outcropping of stone, which they climbed slowly until they were above the canopy of trees, sitting in the sun and looking out over the hazy forest. From the description Merry and Pippin had given, it may well indeed have been where the hobbits first met Treebeard. They rested there for over an hour, enjoying the breeze and open air for a while. Gimli watched Legolas as he moved about, taking in whatever sights he was seeking. Legolas finally halted and stood still, his back to Gimli, for several long moments, before he finally turned with an air of purpose and came over to sit beside her on the stone where she rested. He gazed out at the sky above them. "Gimli, I am not opposed to… allowing you — us — to finish… what we started, before." He turned to meet her gaze, searching for something in her eyes. She did not look away. "I do not know what will happen, though. I have never heard any tale or song of love between an elf and a dwarf. It may well be that such a thing has never before happened, and it is likely that many will oppose us, including some we count among our kin and and those we name friend. I want you to be very, very sure that this is what you desire." Gimli looked up Legolas for several long moments. She'd had the same doubts in her heart and they'd moved her to tears that very same night she'd resolved to live and love in spite of them. "Legolas, I have never been so sure of anything before. I care naught what any else may say. We have suffered and toiled together to defend this world and nearly lost all to the darkness. Do we not deserve some measure of our own light in return? Even if we do not, I am prepared to face any and all who may issue challenge, even if it means breaking with my own kin." Legolas stood and held out his hand for Gimli to take. He led her from the ledge down to where the boughs of ancient Fangorn met the outcropping of stone. There they stood together, hands linked, and together spoke aloud their words of promise before disappearing again under the trees. ooooo A passing merchant stopped and stood in wonder at an elf and a dwarf standing together a few feet away from the road just outside Esgaroth. The elf was upon his knees, his forehead pressed against the dwarf's, their hands interlinked as they whispered quietly to one another. A horse nearby whickered quietly and the pair looked up, glancing at him briefly before they stood and retreated into a nearby grove of small trees. The merchant shrugged off the sight; many strange things had happened over the last year and one more peculiarity could hardly make a difference. Now in more private surroundings, Gimli was free to kiss her husband without reserve, which she did so for many long moments, loathe to be parted from him, even for a short time. Still, there were matters that must be attended to. They had agreed, for the time being, not to make known their union. The hard-won peace which now lay over the lands of Arda was too fresh, too fragile to endanger. It was… probably unlikely that their respective families would turn to violence, and there would be a time for them all to come together in the light of truth, but that time was yet to come. Legolas stood, finally, and pulled away from his wife, her hands slipping passively from his grasp only when the distance between them exceeded their reach. He smiled for her as he mounted Arod. In three months' time they would meet at this very place again and go out into the world together. ooooo (Final Author's Note: The thing about the gates of Minas Tirith - according to canon, following Gimli becoming the lord of the Glittering Caves, new gates made of Mithril are made for the city by the dwarves there as a gift to the King and Queen.)