bare feet making mischievous (or so it seemed to Pippin) pitty-pat sounds on the marble floor. "You will regret this!" Pippin called after he was already gone from sight, but a distinct cackle could still be heard from far away. "What was that about?" Boromir asked with a, by now, more confused than annoyed frown. "Nothing. He's just taken the first chance to get to his beloved library and leave me all alone to die of boredom." He sighed, and sat down on a nearby stone bench, his hairy feet dangling in the air. Boromir studied the little hobbit, and wasn't surprised at all at the quick change of mood. Ever since the last night he had had the feeling that being puzzled was a perpetual side effect of dealing with these strange creatures. He hadn't yet figured out whether this was a good or a bad thing, though. So, for lack of knowing what exactly to do now, he just sat down next to the sulking hobbit. He had just returned from a long walk around the terrain, but contrary to his original intention, he wasn't feeling any wiser or calmer than before. His future path seemed to be just as unclear and dark. "So you're bored, little one? How can that be, when there's so much wonder around you?" Pippin's sadness was emphasized by the fact that he didn't leap up at the nickname. "I don't know, I probably should be out of my head, just like Sam. But I've never been one for sitting inside all day and living on poems and old manuscripts." Boromir chuckled, which made Pippin look up with a shy grin. The company of different races was new to him as well, and Boromir was only the second human he was getting to know. He found it quite marvellous how much he differed from Aragorn: while the latter seemed to be always balanced and calm, with a somewhat mysterious aura surrounding him, Boromir was loud and prone to passionate emotions, wearing his heart on his sleeve. "Me neither, to be honest. Originally, my brother wanted to come here, but I convinced him to let me go instead, since the road would be long and dangerous. But I think he would have loved this place much more than I, and would have appreciated it more. He always dreamed of seeing elves and far off places." He stopped with a sad look in his eyes. Pippin could see that the thought of his brother pained him, but he was also curious to learn more about him. "Is he like you? Big and strong and kind?" Boromir wasn't unused to getting compliments at all, but for some reason the innocent frankness of this little halfling caught him off guard. "Umm." Pippin made a mental note that humans blushed just like hobbits did and that he should like to try and study the same reaction on elves and dwarves. "He's not as tall as I am, if you mean that. He's no warrior either, although he certainly can handle a sword. But in size of brain he definitely beats me." "Don't say that! Well, I can't judge, since I don't know him, but you shouldn't be hard on yourself! My Ma always says, 'Be decent to everyone, including yourself." Pippin burst out. Boromir smiled leniently. "Your mother must be a very wise woman." "Well, she also made me eat soap once, when I was swearing, so I'm not quite sure." Pippin screwed up his snub nose at the memory. "Only convinces me more." "Hey!" Their merry laughter was interrupted by an echo of Pippin's words. "Hey!" Merry had returned with company, and looked a little put out that Boromir and Pippin weren't actually crying their eyes out at him having left. But his face lit up when he saw their shocked expressions. "Yes, indeed, I found Gandalf. You didn't think that I would, did you?" "Peregrin Took!" The old wizard boomed. "Why did you send your nerve-racking cousin to drag me all the way out here, away from my important studies?" Pippin was reduced to making invisible smoke-rings once more. But this time it wasn't Boromir doing the shouting, so he spoke up for him instead. "Excuse me. It was actually on my behalf that... Merry here volunteered to go and find you. I am Boromir, son of Denethor, from Minas Tirith." He bowed deeply. "I had told the halflings that I haven't met you yet and they thought it was a shame. They think most highly of you." Now it was Gandalf who didn't know what to say. He humphed and grumbled for a while before returning to intelligible speech. "Welcome to Imladris, lord Boromir. My last visit in the White City was rather rushed, I'm afraid, and I had no time to spare for you or your brother." Boromir looked at him in confusion for a moment, but then recognition spread over his features. "Why, you're Mithrandir! I had no idea you went by the name of Gandalf. It has been a long time indeed since I last saw you, although Faramir never stopped wishing he could be your apprentice." Gandalf smiled like an old man, who was reminded of his grandson. But he didn't pursue the topic. "Lord Elrond told me about your riddle. I hope you're satisfied with the solution he gave you?" All sense of wonder vanished from Boromir's face in an instant. "Satisfied with the solution, but not with its meaning. I still think it's foolish to–" "You shouldn't talk about this out here! Even in this place of safety it has become dangerous to speak too freely," the wizard interrupted him. There was a moment of silence when everyone seemed to be listening for some kind of confirmation of Ganalf's words. However, the wind whispered as usual, the leaves fell softly, and the birds sang as they had done every day. "Aragorn!" Reviews are loved by both hobbits and humans!:3