waiting for someone, and not in the middle of a conversation. "Well," he said after a few moments of confused silence, "since the ruffians have all vanished from The Shire, that closes your case. I recommend that you get new pumpkins, or even better, try out something new! Tomato seeds are to be had at a bargain price at the old corner shop in Bywater at the moment, I hear. It will give you something new to learn and your neighbours something new to admire." He spoke like a healer, prescribing medicine to one of his patients. He had also strolled to the door, quite accidentally of course; Mrs Bracegirdle following in his wake like a watchful dog, looking almost convinced of his advice. All this time Frodo had stared from one to the other, being too perplexed to laugh at the absurdity unfolding before him. Now he had to lean on his desk, shaking with silent laughter from head to toe. When he heard the door close he couldn't believe that Mrs Bracegirdle had actually left. But Merry returned to the parlour alone, looking content. "I wish I had your people-managing skills," Frodo remarked with admiration. "My dear Frodo," Merry began, but then he realised that he was saying it in the same tone as he had to Mrs Bracegirdle, so he stopped short and shook his head with a laugh. "One has to take care to put it off again." He then gave Frodo a studying look and continued in a graver tone. "Now tell me, cousin, how long will this mayor-business continue?" "As a matter of fact, it ended today," Frodo told him, slightly bemused at his serious manner. "The only thing left to do is to leave my "reports" at Michel Delving." "Excellent!" Merry exclaimed, sounding slightly more like his usual self. "And between you and me – did you like it?" "Not a bit," Frodo replied, finding it strange that Merry found it necessary to ask this at all. "Why, were you planning on running for the job and feared me as your rival?" Naturally Merry laughed at this, though Frodo thought that he still looked a little bit concerned. "Well, in that case I hope you'll use your time more wisely now," Merry continued with habitual grandeur. "For example by a visit at good, old Crickhollow." Frodo felt something inside him stiffen. "I think me and that place aren't destined to get close," he said evasively. He felt the sudden urge to go into the kitchen and wash the dishes. It wasn't, he thought, that he didn't enjoy the company of Merry and Pippin. He simply didn't find much enthusiasm in him at the prospect of sharing his younger friends' activities. "Don't get me wrong," he tried to explain. "But at the moment I don't feel like inns and calls. More like..." he vaguely gestured at his study with the brush in his hand, water dripping on the floor. "Books and maps." "Hmm," Merry assented, looking as if he considered these things highly dangerous. "And I suppose you feel the same about spending Yule at Brandy Hall?" He thought that he might as well bring everything onto the table now that they were at it. Frodo actually paled at the suggestion. "Gracious me, of course," he answered, face aghast. "I'll spend it here at Bag End, as always." He didn't like to be made to think about Yule at all. It wasn't even December yet! "Hm," Merry repeated, this time a bit gruffer. "As always. I still remember – dimly, but I remember – you carrying me into the hall of Brandy Hall at Yule Eve and telling me all about the tradition of lighting candles on the Yule Tree." Stopping in his frantic cleaning, Frodo smiled at the childhood memory. It seemed like ages ago, like something out of another life. "You seemed more interested in eating the candles back then," he pointed out. "Beside the point, dear cousin," Merry brushed off this unflattering detail without batting an eye. "The point is, I think it might do you good to visit some places of your childhood. At least for Yule." Frodo gave him a long look before answering. "Why do you think that?" he asked rather more sharply than intended. "Because," Merry replied slowly and carefully. "it seems as though you could use some re-rooting." "Re-rooting?" Frodo echoed, intrigued by his cousin's word invention, though he didn't need to ask what it meant. "Exactly that," Merry nodded. "Understandably." Frodo frowned, throwing himself back into scrubbing with vigour. He didn't liked to be told what was best for him. Reminiscing in the past was fine as long as it stayed the past, he thought. Walking through some familiar landscape in Buckland might be nice, but he didn't see the point in exposing himself to the snake pit of relatives that awaited him there, especially at Yule. No, he had become far too much like Bilbo for that, he mused. He felt much more like needing something new instead of old. After finishing his dishes, Frodo offered Merry to stay for dinner, which he accepted graciously. They had a good time enough, though Frodo thought that he caught his friend giving him that concerned look a couple of times more. It irked him, but he tried not to show it. After Merry had vanished into the night (assuring him that he'd really rather drive home than stay the night at Bag End), Frodo took a moment to look up at the stars, despite the biting cold. He remembered Sam's singing in the orc-tower: " above all shadows rides the sun and stars for ever dwell: I will not say the day is done, nor bid the stars farewell ." It had seemed like a dream back then and still did so in his memory – a faint vision of beauty and peace amidst the sea of darkness and pain. Like the stars above him now.