lot more sensitive these days, not to mention the vile mood he already had following that bizarre encounter earlier today. Never mind. I'll make Kel ask him . That decided, Legolas settled himself on the highest branch, almost at the very top. He could see everything from up there—the entire garden, the palace roof, the winding stream nearby, the surrounding woods, the rolling hills in the distance, the blue of the sky. It was a magnificent sight indeed, one that he would never tire to take in. "LEGOLAS! Legolas, where are you?" Who is that calling me? Is it Kel? Puzzled, Legolas squinted through the surrounding leaves. He saw that it was indeed Keldarion who was looking about for him. And then he remembered—he was supposed to entertain the male guests at luncheon with his brother! Ai. What a boring task that would be. Without answering, Legolas jerked back down his head and hid himself behind the tree trunk, praying that his brother would eventually leave. But Keldarion could be very persistent when he put his mind to it. "I know you are around here somewhere, brat! Now show yourself!" Keldarion kept calling, his arms akimbo. Frowning with displeasure, he scanned the surrounding trees but saw no sign of Legolas, not even a trace of his younger brother's golden head. Keldarion swore. He must find Legolas before the luncheon started. The king had other business to attend to, and it was up to the two princes of the realm to see to their guests' comfort. It was not really too hard a task, but Keldarion always hated social functions. All that mingling and visiting and empty chatting was definitely not his cup of tea. Unfortunately, Legolas didn't seem to like them either. "You have to help me here, Legolas. I can't attend those people all by myself," Keldarion cajoled, trying to sound desperate—which was exactly the case. "Come on, brat. Be useful for a change." Sniggering, Legolas stayed hidden in the tree. When his brother still refused to appear, Keldarion growled, "Fine! Be that way. But beware, little brother. You are going to pay for this total desertion, you hear me?" Yes, I heard you loud and clear, big brother . Amused, Legolas watched as Keldarion cursed and stormed back inside. Whistling, he resumed his seat, leaned his back against the tree and smiled at the sky. He thought it wouldn't hurt if he took a short nap. And so he did. Loud rumbling thunder woke him up not long afterwards. He was surprised to discover that the weather had taken a drastic turn while he was asleep. The sky was now overcast. The sun had disappeared, and so the temperature was swiftly dropping. Bits of moisture were in the air, a sure start to a heavy deluge. Lightning and thunders cracked and boomed merrily like an angry symphony. Legolas sighed regretfully. He knew his little excursion had just come to an end. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Thranduil straightened and pushed away from his desk. There! That would be enough for today . Satisfied with his work, the king closed the house ledger and stowed it inside a locker. He rose, thinking that it was time he got himself ready for his own birthday party. Striding across the study towards the door, he happened to glance at the opened window. What he saw caused him to halt and stare. What the blazes…? It was not the changing weather that actually caught his attention, but the sight of his youngest son climbing down a tree. The son whose supposed duty was to co-host the luncheon that still took place in the main dining hall. Why the sneaky little… Grumbling under his breath, definitely far from happy, Thranduil went to push open the balcony door. He was about to yell at his son when something incredibly bright flashed without warning, accompanied by a terrible rumbling roar. He instinctively ducked, but quickly looked up to check for Legolas. The first thing Thranduil noticed was the redwood tree, now burning at the top. And then, to his horror, he saw his son, lying crumple in a heap on the ground. Not moving. " Legolas !" With a shout, Thranduil vaulted over the railing. He ran hard like never before towards the tree, screaming his son's name over and over. "Oh, Legolas, Legolas…" Sliding to a stop on his knees, Thranduil gathered Legolas' limp form into his arms and searched frantically for pulse. He grew panicked when he found none but instead saw the burnt soles at the bottom of his son's boots. Legolas' palms were also burnt, and there was a nasty-looking bump on his right temple. "Please, Legolas. Don't leave us. Not yet." Praying that he was not too late, Thranduil settled his son across his lap and used all his knowledge to revive him. Keldarion came running shortly after, pale and deeply terrified. "Father! I heard your cries. Is Legolas all right? What just happened?" Thranduil slowly looked up. He had trouble speaking. "He…he got hit by lightning…" "What? No…" Strickened, Keldarion dropped to his knees and checked his brother's vitals. "He still lives, thank the Valar." "He was not breathing just now. He had no pulse and no heart beat. Somehow he managed to get them all back," Thranduil replied, unaware that tears were streaming down his face. He didn't mention that he had to thump Legolas' chest repeatedly, as hard as he could, to get his son's heart function once more. Servants and guests began to pour into the garden to find out what was going on. They all surrounded the royal family, knowing without being told that something awful had just happened. It had started drizzling, and lightning still cracked above their heads, but no one seemed to care… TBC… Yes. I can hear the BIG issue you guys want to know: When is this story set? Before or after? Wanna take a guess? Find out the answer in the next chapter!