nudged his nose into the boy's hand. Estel stared in wonder as he pet the large white horses' face, stroking it softly as he leaned closer. Elladan smiled at his twin as he leaned against the stall, watching as Elrohir sat on the ground to readjust his grip on Estel so he wouldn't fall. Asfaloth began sniffing the child all over, and Estel broke out into peals of laughter. Lifting his shirt for the horse, Elladan snorted. Asfaloth began blowing raspberries on the boy's stomach, causing Estel, Elladan, and Elrohir to start laughing. "That tickles!" Estel exclaimed, covering his belly only to lift his shirt once again. As the boy and horse continued this game, Elrohir noted that Althirn was back and watching them from behind Elladan. Estel noticed too, and turned to give Althirn a bright grin. "Althy, watch!" he shouted, lifting his shirt and giggling as Asfaloth blew kisses on his bare stomach. Althirn's eyes widened at the nickname, and the twins nearly choked on their laughter. Estel's giggling never subsided, and Suldal came around Elladan to investigate the young boy as well. "Hello," Estel said quietly to the black horse. "You look like Bru." Elladan looked to Estel with tears of laughter in his eyes. "That is because Suldal and Bruidal are brothers, Estel." He said lightly, coming to sit by Elrohir on the floor. Estel's eyes widened at this information as he looked at the dark horse closely. "Like Dan and Ro?" Estel wondered aloud, now petting both Asfaloth and Suldal as the three elves watched him happily. Althirn smiled at the sight and continued to collect the greens to feed the rest of the horses. As he headed down the way Estel and Elladan had come, Elrohir and Elladan began talking about the upcoming arrival of the Mirkwood party. When Estel got tired of standing, he plopped down next to Elrohir, who then instructed him how to feed the horses by hand. Holding his hand out flat, Estel began alternating between feeding Asfaloth and Suldal, who were more than happy with the boy's company. Suddenly they heard Althirn shout, and before the twins could get up they saw Bruidal walking their way, Althirn trailing behind as he continued to try and get Bruidal back in his stall. Laughing, Elladan called him off, and Bruidal stuck his nose in the crowded stall. "You just couldn't miss any of the fun, could you?" Elladan chuckled, watching as Estel crawled over to the newcomer. Sitting just outside the stall, Estel laughed as all three horses surrounded him and showered him with attention. The twins watched in awe as their little brother ensnared three more hearts, all the while keeping watch that all hooves remained on the ground. With an excited squeal Estel wrapped his arms around Asfaloth's nose, only to be lifted to his feet as the tall horse rose its head slightly. Giggling, the boy let go and held his arms out for balance, only to start falling backwards. With a gentle nudge, Bruidal nosed the boy's back and helped him regain his balance. Estel's balance held, and the boy stood on his own two feet unaided as he called to his brothers. "Dan! Ro!" He exclaimed as he started to teeter towards the twins, who sat a few feet away. With shaky steps, Estel began heading towards the twins, under the watchful eyes of the horses and his brothers. He walked headlong into Elrohir's arms and laughed, burying his face in his brother's chest. "Well done, Estel!" The twins chorused, Elladan reaching over to rub the boy's back. Estel shot him a toothy grin and began to bounce up and down in the younger twin's arms. Shaking his head Elladan stood, brushing himself off as he moved to usher the horses back to their respective stalls. " Ada is going to be so proud of you, tithen pen ," Elrohir said to the boy as he stood, taking Estel up into his arms. Balancing the child on his hip, Elrohir used his free hand to lead Asfaloth to the stall they were previously sitting in. As they waited for Elladan to return from attending to Bruidal, Estel occupied himself by brushing his chubby fingers through Asfaloth's mane, smoothing it against the horses' head. An abrupt whinny brought the child's attention to Suldal, who shook his head in what seemed an attempt to tangle his mane. Elrohir and Estel both laughed as this, and Elrohir carried Estel to the dark horse who snorted in happiness as Estel began to pet him. "Looks like you've become a crowd favorite, Estel." Elladan said as he approached, closing the door to Asfaloth and Suldal's stalls. As they turned to leave, Estel looked back over his brother's shoulder to wave at the horses. "Bye bye Asfoth, bye bye Suldy." Choking back his laugh, Elladan reached over to take Estel into his arms as Elrohir headed to speak to Althirn. Estel watched his brother walk away, and turned to Elladan as the elder twin bounced him in his arms as he kept walking. "Shall we go say goodbye to Bruidal?" Elladan questioned, noticing that said horse was sticking his head out from the stall, a clump of greens hanging from his mouth. Estel giggled at the sight, reaching over to pet Bruidal between his eyes. Estel continued the motion for a few more moments until Elrohir rejoined them. Giving the horse a final wave, Estel bid his farewells as the trio stepped outside. "We have much to tell Ada , don't we little horse whisperer?" Elrohir asked, and Estel nodded eagerly in agreement as he rested his head on Elladan's shoulder. "Won't Glorfindel be ecstatic that his noble steed has chosen a small boy as his new favorite?" Elladan cackled, eyes shining with laughter. Estel grinned, matching the twins as he pressed his face into Elladan's shoulder while his brothers continued to laugh. Feel free to let me know what you think!