the paper to the tympan and carefully rolled it under the platen. (Lately they had found a rhythm together when working together. In early days, Faramir was lucky if Gimli actually let him within four feet of the machinery.) Then he pushed the lever, once, twice, the screw descended with an enthusiastic rasp and the deed was done. He pulled it back so that the paper, now covered in clear and black writing, was revealed. The gasps of astonishment were most satisfactory. "Hold," said Faramir. "The ink will need to dry for a minute or two." His family crowded around the device in eager anticipation. Only the King hung back and Faramir settled himself on the bench next to him. "What do you think, my liege?" said Faramir in a low voice. "It is impressive, to be sure; the first of advances not even the elves made. The Age of Men has truly begun," mused Elessar. "You are concerned." "I have inherited an old prejudice. I am well aware of it." "Any object can be used for good or evil," said Faramir. It was true enough if one did not consider malevolent magic rings and such. "If we had the means to spread our lore further then perhaps we would never have come so close to the brink of darkness." "Knowledge in the wrong hands may corrupt swiftlier than any machine of war. I dread to think what could have happened had our entire world known of the Ring of Power," said Elessar. "Aye," said Faramir. "Yet -forgive me, my liege- ignorance in the wrong hands can be just as dangerous." Meanwhile, the ink looked to have dried and, as always, Éomer lost the battle against his patience first. Faramir made no move to stop him this time. After all, he could always make more copies. "Magnificent job, brother. You cannot tell it is an imprint at all. There's not a smudge anywhere." He let his fingers glide over the paper in wonder. "Oh, there is one now." Faramir groaned. "What poem is it?" asked Legolas with interest. "It's in the elvish tongue. I forgot all about this," mumbled the King of Rohan. " Path ro neen, reedo, hordo... Path ro … What does that mean again, Wyn?" "Ho," said Arwen, looking more flustered than Faramir had ever seen her. "Did you just try to say pathro nin, ritho, hortho ?" inquired Elessar pleasantly. "Because I'm afraid I must decline." "What?" said Lothíriel, snatching the paper from her husband's hands. Faramir saw his cousin's eyes widen as they scanned the piece in front of her and a most uncharacteristic blush crept over her cheeks. "Éowyn," he heard Arwen whisper. "Did you never read that poem?" His wife looked a little shame-faced as she spoke in a low, rapid voice. "I'm sorry! I never found the time when you first gave it to me, and then I forgot all about it until Faramir mentioned it. I don't read Sindarin as easily as the rest of you, and, well, I didn't think you'd give me one of those in elvish. I mean… I didn't even know you had words for that." Faramir, fluent in Sindarin since boyhood, by now had a fair idea of what was going on. He dislodged the corner irons, turned the wooden block in his hand and read, in mirror-script, the first line: ci sui 'lî erin lam nîn. "Oh," he said, sinking onto the table. Perhaps he should not have left the woodcut to Gimli's cousin. Or at least have glanced at the actual poem before passing it on. "Lothíriel, what does it say?" demanded Éomer from across the room. His wife ignored him with the ease of long habit, still engrossed in the newly pressed poem. "I thought your favourite poem was the Lay of Beren and Lúthien, dear," said Elessar who had come up beside him. "Yes," said Arwen, with just the faintest trace of a blush. "That is, of course. This is just a little something Lindiel and I composed after dinner one night…" "I never thought Meneldur would be capable of that ," continued his liege, reading over his shoulder. "And what is Almarian meant to be doing to her... Ah. Oh my." "You wrote this?" Lothíriel looked impressed as Arwen gave a wary nod. "Wrote what?" asked Éomer again, lunging in another attempt to pluck it out of his wife's hands. "I want one too," declared Lothíriel to no one in particular, while skilfully keeping the paper out of her husband's reach. "This is very good, Arwen." "How long did your cousin spend on the carving, Gimli?" Legolas had sauntered over to study the wooden original. "Some three days, I believe. Why?" "No reason," said Legolas. "There's just something oddly satisfying about old and timid Marlun spending three days patiently cutting out matho nin sui mathog i vagol gîn. " "Well, if this is the use you imagined, Faramir, I do not believe Man needs fear this machine after all," spoke King Elessar. In the other corner, Éomer cast a doleful eye on Lothíriel, who was doing an impromptu line-by-line translation for a grinning Éowyn. Arwen stood by, managing to look helpless and amused at the same time, as his cousin kept an admirably straight face even through the more explicit paragraphs. "I'm not so sure," said Legolas. "Perhaps it is well that we are taking your kin north again for a while, Gimli. First the wine press and now a means to mass-produce dirty rhymes. Quite a legacy for the dwarves." "And don't you forget it," said Gimli with a proud smile. oOoOo pathro nin, ritho, hortho = fill me, harder, faster Ci sui 'lî erin lam nîn = You are like honey on my tongue matho nin sui mathog i vagol gîn = wield me like you wield your sword All Sindarin phrases are borrowed from dreamfifi's Sindarin phrasebook. Reviews (both constructive criticism and mindless praise) are welcome, as always.