to study the man before him, but he remained emotionless, eyes downcast, lips resting on the top of his fingers. He was obviously deep in thought. "If you so choose, once everyone is all in agreement, you will then all decide on a location, and then all the other things that make a nation a nation: coat of arms, flag, banner, and other such things." He then continued in a lower voice. "I know you might want to say yes, but I warn you, instinct tells me this will be no walk in the park. It will be hard, uniting a divided people is never easy. Whatever location you choose, there may be wars, and there will be Elves who try to gain your power for themselves. Do not think this will be in any way easy." "No one said any road was easy." Thranduil said softly when he finished. "If they think I can do this, the only person that needs convincing is myself. I will meet with them, and form an opinion from us being together, not just from talking to you. I thought about this all night long, and on my way here. I cannot decide simply listening to everyone's advice. You say no, my lady says yes, Elrond says nothing, and these five Silvans have already decided they want me." "So, what do you want?" "I have been restless, that is true… but… King… I do not know." Thranduil then became silent once more. "Go," Gil-galad finally said, "they are waiting for you half a day's ride east. Elrond will take over your troop until everything has been decided." He hesitated, and then spoke again. "If it makes you feel any better, I will be most disappointed to lose you." Thranduil only lifted an eyebrow, his eyes sparkling with amusement. Thranduil was approaching the camp the Elves had set up. As he got closer, a sense of anticipation and apprehension settled on top of him, as if something in the fate of the world was settling upon him. The Elves heard him approaching and were now watching him ride closer. Something about it made him nervous. He stopped his horse further away and swung off, going to the Elves on foot. They seemed very conscious about Noldor looking down on them, and approaching them as equals, at least for now, was at least the respectable thing to do. The Elves seemed to appreciate it too, for they all exchanged a glance after he dismounted. "My Lord," they all said, placing their hands on their hearts. He inclined his head to them. One of them then stepped forward, "I can guess you have received the request?" Thranduil nodded. He was silent for a second before he spoke. "Yes, I have. It was… shocking to say the least. I did not know how you even thought of me in the first place." Then he smiled. "I suppose I did not know what kind of trouble saving an Eagle could get me into." The other five smiled as well. Daugion stepped forward then as well. "Come," he said waving his arm, "we will eat as we talk. I am sure you have had naught to eat on your journey here and it is past lunch time." Thranduil graciously joined Daugion while the others filed in around them. They sat in a circle around a small fire pit, though it remained unused for the time being. They passed around the food, being Elves they all laughed and sang through the meal. "You are enjoyable at least." Tawarthion said smiling at Thranduil. "I am an Elf for a reason." "Forgive him, My Lord," Arphenion said. "He has a way of always speaking his mind." "I never took offense," he said, and then Thranduil smiled wryly. "I have been told by others occasionally that I perhaps enjoy the feast a little too much." Daugion grinned. "I knew I suggested him for a good reason." Idhrenion slapped him upside the head. "You speak to soon." He said. "And that is not a good reason to elect him our ruler either." "Not necessarily true," Tawarthion said. Thranduil turned his gaze to him curiously. Tawarthion spoke with his hands. "The other Elves like singing and dancing as much as we do, if not a different kind. We are different, we cannot deny that. Yet they tell you that you enjoy the feasts too much? If that is the case, none of them would be a proper ruler for us. They do not understand what we enjoy, and can therefore not understand how we think entirely. Yes, we are all Elves, yes, we have the same basic morals and loves and hates, but they are of the Sea, unlike us. We have lived here forever, and Ennor is our home, much though its once darkness. We will stay here until Eru calls us to the Second Singing… or until we die." He paused, now speaking softer. "We did not necessarily choose you for your kingship capability, but rather for how much you could relate to us, as a people. You, out of all of them, have shown us understanding. The others that have, are not anywhere close to being ready to be chosen as such a leader." He looked around the circle. "If we were to choose from among ourselves, the result would be chaos." He looked back at Thranduil. "If you say no, I am sure we could find another… but if you say yes, I think there is none better." The other four nodded in agreement, but remained silent. Thranduil bowed his head, knees drawn up slightly, elbows resting on his knees, and his chin again resting on his fingers. Then he sighed, and they all looked to him in anticipation. And Thranduil closed his eyes as oil ran over his head, and down his face. Idhrenion - wise Daugion- of the army Suiadan - manly Tawarthion- woods Arphenion- honor Ennor- Sindarin for Middle-Earth