Forest of Mirkwood Today was the start of week four. If our expected time was correct, then we are drawing to a close end to our journey. Aratohallaer has told us that we should arrive at Dol Guldor in 1-2 days; I look forward to it. The only remaining people from our Fellowship are the elves and a bleeding dwarf who was absolutely no use to us. The constant groans and complaints from the dwarf is rather bothersome. I really don't know what the Elven King was thinking when he sent this thick-headed creature on a crucial journey like this. - Valar June 3rd. Gates of dol Guldor The Fellowship has finally reached the gates of Dol Guldor and the dwarf is on death's doorstep. We figured that he would be able scout out the front gates before he bled out. As he walked up to the gates he stepped on a stone and then was shot by an arrow trap imbedded in the walls of Dol Guldor. The Dwarfs weight created a hole through the weakest point in the bridge and fell to never be seen again. -Peredhil June 4th. Dol Guldor Today, we finally searched Dol Guldor, but the necromancer has already fled. Inside of the tallest tower, I found a piece of black cloth from their cloaks. On the wall of the tower, there were muddy footsteps. We basically just got here to go back. At least on the way back, it will be faster. Everyone we trained died. -Celindua June 5th. Outside of Mirkwood We left Mirkwood today and are on the edge of it. We started off with 4 elves, a hobbit, a dwarf, a wizard, and a human. We ended this journey with only 4 elves. Although all our training went to vain, I am thankful we finished this journey. We were walking to the river to go back. It should take us about 1-2 days. We take our time; there was no need to hurry with the hobbit, human, dwarf, and wizard dead. I cannot wait to back to go back to the Elven Halls. I can almost smell the feast awaiting us when we get back. - Valar June 6th. Lothlorien We crossed the last of the land between us and the Anduin this afternoon, and then we forded the river and continued on to Lothlorien. Currently, we have decided to stay the night here, and then take boats from Lothlorien back to the Elven kings halls. Even one night in Lothlorien will be refreshing and I think I will feel much more rested in the morning. In fact, Lothlorien is so calming that I haven't bothered Celindua for a few hours...I think I may not like this rest after all... -Aratohallaer June 7th. River Anduin We are finally on the fairy with the dreaded weight of that fellowship of mortals dead and lost in the forest. we should arrive back at the halls of the Elven king soon, and hopefully i can get out of my sobriety issues. -Peredhil June 20th. Halls of the Elven king It has been 5 days after we got home. I have just came back from the celebration feast. There are foods and drinks of all kind. People dance and talk. Many people have asked about the other 4 members of our fellowship. All 4 of us told the others the stories. They always comment on the wizard. Anyways, now we're back with the other elves. I know I complained a lot about the other members of our fellowship. They have changed now. Of course, all of them still have some foolishness in them. However, I've started seeing the fun in their "hobbies". -Celindua June 21st. Halls of the Elven King Today, all 4 of us were promoted to Palace Guards. I was actually surprised because we came back with half of our fellowship. Anyways, we got new uniforms. In my opinion, they could have done much better. New colors and designs would probably look better. If they are going to make us wear these uniforms, at least make them pretty. Although, it is fun to make fun of how they look. The sad part is I look almost the same as them with our new uniforms. I also hope working with them isn't too bad. I think I've gotten used to them. They are all still annoying. Peredhil still drinks, Valar is still immature, and Aratohallaer is still misbehaving now and then. Hopefully, they can become better with this new promotion. Palace guards was our new promotion. It is much better than stupid Border Guards. I am looking forward to less messy work and more ceremonial work. Although Celindua was a little annoying at first (actually a lot), I have decided that she is generally a pretty nice elf. And Aratohallaer is still up to her mischievous ways, who can blame her. And then there's Peredhil, the elf that can't stop his alcoholic ways. In fact, he passed out now from too much feasting. I don't blame him; the food was heavenly. Although they act like nutcases sometimes (even I do) , I think I will enjoy working with them just like we did during the journey. I must say I will miss being part of the border guard, but it will be a pleasant change to become a palace guard. Instead of having to scout orc hunts for the nobles, I will be, if not a noble, at least close to being one. After all, we were given this promotion as reward for completing our mission, it might as well make us nobles. Through being part of our fellowship I have grown closer to my fellow guards, if not becoming friends, we are at least no longer enemies. I look forward to my guard duties with this group, it will be most enjoyable. Besides, I always can use new prank subjects. - Celindua Megiltura Nikeryn - Valar Nikeryn - Aratohallaer Shaalth - Peredhil Nikeryn