successful one. That is well." It began as a subtle itch, and then spread through her body. "Grandfather!" she called out in alarm, reaching for him instinctively. "Farewell, little daughter. Remember, you are not alone." His words faded until they sounded very far away. oOoOo "Do we have a visitor?" Celebrían's voice carried from his office door. Elrond studied the chair next to him, which now sat empty. "Not any longer," he said sadly. "But, for a short time, I did indeed have a most extraordinary visitor." He looked up at her as she crossed the room to stand beside him. "I have met and spoken with our many, many times over great-great granddaughter, who even now is awaking in her bed in Ennor." Celebrían's eyes opened wide. "In Ennor?" she repeated. He nodded. "And it is not the first time we have met." He rose and took his wife's hand. "Do you remember my telling you, back when Urovor was just born, that I had dreamed I was in Imladris again – only it was in ruins?" "And you said you saw that young man that looked like your Estel?" "Exactly! But before I saw him, there was this child – dark curls just like Estel's – and I showed her where we kept the garden tools in the foot of the statue, remember? Only I had taken the tools out and put some toys in there for Estel when he was tiny: a carved horse and six men and a ball to knock them over with." Elrond smiled at the memory. "She is all grown up now, a very lovely young lady." "She saw you, in Imladris?" Celebrían's shock only grew at his nod. "And now, she came… here …" "She dreamed herself here. Her father, the one who looked so much like Estel and Arwen, has just stepped past the circles of the world, and she was feeling very alone." He tugged gently on his wife's hand and pulled her into his arms. "I have no idea how or why, but I think Eru – or perhaps one of the Belain – decided to let our faer touch again so that I could show her that she was not entirely alone. The strange thing is, we understood each other, even though each of us was speaking in our own language." Celebrían sighed and leaned into him. "I almost wish I had come sooner. I would like to have seen this distant daughter." "I wish you had too," he murmured and buried his nose in her hair. "I wish you had too." oOoOo "Em?" "Out here." She tipped her head and studied the portrait in front of her. Yes, that looked right. It was good to know her artistic skills were still in good working order. Randy crossed the back yard to where she had her easel set up and gave her cheek a peck, then stopped and stared at the canvas. "Nice painting. Who is it?" Emma smiled. "Someone I've met a couple of times." "Looks familiar," he said, narrowing his eyes. "I've seen that face before." She didn't respond, but touched her brush to the palette and added a slight gleam to the gold of the bead that held that wonderful, intricate braid. "Did you see the realtor?" Emma smiled to herself. That, of course, was Randy's real reason for coming by – besides picking her up for dinner out with his wife and daughters, as they'd arranged earlier in the day. "Yes. The signs go up tomorrow. Once my place sells, I'll give you your full share of the price of Mom and Dad's house. That was our agreement." Randy shook his head and then rubbed his beard. "I still think you're being unreasonable. This house is far too big for you by yourself." "I know." The brush touched the other gold bead, and it began to gleam too. "But I feel most at home here . That condominium was nice…" "Nice!" Randy gaped. "You bought that place for a steal when prices were low, and you're going to be making beaucoup bucks on it, even in this poor economy!" Leave it to him to miss the sentiment and only pay attention to the dollar signs. "Yeah. But this is my home." She gazed about the back yard, and wondered about maybe putting in some flowers – and maybe a bench near the old elm tree. It wouldn't take much effort to make it resemble just a little bit more another, distant, garden. "As long as everything works out, all I can say is that I still think you're nuts, Big Sister. But I love you anyway." He put a heavy hand on her shoulder. "We still on for supper? I have Katie and the girls waiting in the car…" Emma nodded. "Let me move this stuff into the house, and I'll be ready." "I'll help…" "You carry the paint box and palette," she directed. "I'll take care of El… I'll take care of my friend here." Randy followed her instructions and placed the paint box, with the palette of colors, just inside the door of the sunroom. "I'll wait for you in the car," he said, watching her set up the easel for a little while, and then stalked away. "I'll be there in a bit," Emma called out, and then smiled at the face that gazed back at her from the canvas. "See you in a little while, Grandfather," she said, and then covered the painting with a cloth to protect it until it was completely dry. She'd already decided to hang the portrait in her office, and had purchased a frame to fit the canvas days ago. Randy would scoff, no doubt; although perhaps one day she'd remind him where he'd seen that face before. But as for her, she knew seeing the face of distant family would be a comfort. And maybe, someday, she'd see him again. She hoped so. FIN