he would hurt us and lie to us!" This is when the civility of Gollum ended and he was infuriated with the idea that he would be kept from searching for the Ring. He tried to leap away, but Aragorn caught him again and they continued north. After several more weeks they entered Mirkwood. It was a dark, damp wood where the sunlight barely filtered through the trees and the darkness overwhelm travelers at night. Gollum hated the forest as soon as he entered it and he promised himself that he would soon escape to continue his hunt for the Ring. Aragorn led Gollum to the Elves hall, which was brightly lit and the trees around it went much brighter and cheerful than the others in the wood. Aragorn called " I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn and I come on behalf of Gandalf." The place seemed motionless and silent for a moment and then several elves appeared. "You are known and welcome here, son of Arathorn." said Enwe, the leader of the Elven guards. "But what of your companion? You must tell us Gandalf request before he enters." Aragorn replied "The Grey Wizard bids that you hold this creature and guard over him. His name is Gollum and he is a crucial link to the war that will soon be fought. Under no surcumstances should he be allowed to escape." Enwe looked at the other elves and they seemed to agree without words. He turned back and said "We do not understand what importance a being like this Gollum to the Dark Lord Sauron, but we shall do what Gandalf bids. He shall be treated with kindness and compassion while he remains here. The Elves will maintain a constant watch over him and if it is the Wizards wish that he stay here, so he shall." Aragorn sighed with relief and said "I give him over to you, then. Namarie (farewell)." Gollum had watch his whole exchange with dread thinking to himself "Even the tricksey Ranger is better then the Elvses!" As they came near him and took hold of the rope that binded him, he shuddered in horror. Silently, Enwe led him to a rock that concealed a passageway to the deepest levels of the Elven Hall. They fed Gollum and then shut him in a courtyard-like place. It was completely enclosed and the only exit was guarded by an Elf on the other side of the thick door that covered it. Gollum spent his days in misery and sorrow there. He was fed fish twice a day and at night he could hear the songs that the Elves sang under the trees. Sometimes his guards let him out into the forest and they watched as he climbed a tree that was just tall enough so he could feel the wind and see the stars. When he went back inside, Gollum argued with himself. "We must get the Precious, we must get her back!", he would begin. "Patience, have patience my love. We will escape from the Elvses and then we will find the Precious again!" "Why must we wait any longer, my love? Why does everything happen to poor usss?" "Things will change my love, and when they do we shall have the Precious once again and then kill the filthy Bagginses!" After nearly seventy years, Gollum had still not forgotten his hatred for the hobbit that had stolen his Ring. Many months had gone by when Gollum's luck changed. He was at the top of his favorite tree when he smelled Orcs coming near. He whispered to himself, "What's this my love, do we finally have a chance to escape with the help of the filthy Orcses?" Gollum waited at the top of his tree with bated breath. It was his hope that the Orcs would kill his guards and allow him to leave. Gollum listened as the Orcs came closer and he could tell that it was quite a large group then that usually came in Mirkwood. He couldn't know that Sauron had learned of his captivity and he had sent the Orcs to rescue and set him free. The battle was quick, though the Elves were skilled archers they were soon killed as the Orcs greatly outnumbered them. Gollum crept down his tree when he was sure that he Orcs were gone, and he set off out of the forest with delight. He had long ago decided where he would go when he was finally free, so Gollum traveled over the Misty Mountains to the place that was once called Hollin. It was there that he felt the Ring's presence again after decades of searching. Gollum stopped in his tracks and whispered "Can it be true my love? Is the Precious near us once again? We will be ours once again once the Baggins is dead!" He followed the Ring, tracking the one who carried it over many miles. It was in front of the entrance to the Mines of Moria, a deep and dark place that the dwarves had mined long ago (it was now overrun by foul creatures) when he saw who had the Ring and those who were with him. Gollum looked upon the Fellowship of the Ring, a group of people whose single purpose was to protect the Ring-bearer. Frodo was Bilbo's heir and it was he who was taking the Ring to it's destruction. Gandalf and Aragorn traveled with him along with six others; three of Frodo's hobbit kinsmen, Legolas the Mirkwood elf, Boromir the man, and Gimli the dwarf. Gollum looked upon this group of people who he hated and feared, yet he said to himself "We shall follow the Precious to the end of the world if it means that we shall get it back!" It was true, the Ring held such sway over Gollum that he couldn't stop trying to regain it. He was addicted to it and it would eventually lead him to his death.