from her captor. Pain exploded within her head as her nose and face slammed into the stone of a nearby wall, and she heard the tearing of cloth as she fell into a bottomless pool of darkness and knew no more. oOoOo Reality returned to Ivoreth gradually, the intense pain slowly began to overwhelm her senses. I'm not dead yet? Her nose and cheeks felt as if they were on fire, she couldn't seem to open her eyes, nor could she move her right arm. From the depths of the darkness that still surrounded her, she tried to scream her pain, fear and desperation – but all that emerged from her lips was a low moan. "Get those animals out of here!" A rough man's voice ordered sharply from several paces away, the harsh sound of it making Ivoreth flinch violently and then moan in renewed agony – but it wasn't the voice of either of the men who had caught her. "She's a thief and a murderess," shouted the first Guard. "We were only doing our duty!" "What you two were intending to do to this child most certainly was not your duty – even if she were the things you say! You bring shame to your office – and to yourselves." the rough-voiced man replied angrily. "If you'd gotten any further, the lord there would have been within his rights to run you through." Sounds of scuffling and cursing gradually faded away into the distance. Are they gone? I need to get up – I need… Get away… Before someone else comes… In an attempt to calm herself and think of a next action, Ivoreth breathed in through her nose; and then she coughed as the air dragged with it a choking, coppery liquid. The cough was pure agony, and she moaned again. Ivoreth felt a soft cloth wrap over and around her, and only then did she realize that she was naked. Very careful arms picked her up from where she lay and cradled her close. "Easy, child. You're safe now." A deep and musical voice sounded very close to Ivoreth's ear. She turned her head slightly and then whimpered when the agony exploded anew as she brushed her cheek against the chest of the one who held her now. Who is this? What has happened to me? Why can't I open my eyes? Why can't I move my arm? Let me go! "Hush now," the musical voice soothed into her ear. "All will be well, little one." Ivoreth could tell she was being carried forth – but to where? And would she be imprisoned once there – leaving Raini and Daren to starve or to be caught and thrown into an orphanage and then sold as her Da had been? Daren doesn't know how to steal things without getting caught – I didn't want him to have to do that. And Raini's getting sick too often now on the bad food from the trash heaps. What am I going to do? They're going to die just like Evien did! She shuddered in fear and despair, and then moaned as the tremors only brought forth sharp, new aches and pains to join those already tormenting her. The steps taken grew faster, longer – more hurried. "Merciful Powers, my lord!" A woman's voice sounded this time as the movement that surrounded her came to a sudden halt. "Bring her in here – and let me call…" "I can care for her myself," the musical voice announced with calm patience. "Prepare a draught of poppy juice – and then a warm bath." Ivoreth felt herself carried a few more steps and then very gently deposited on something soft and comfortable. The soft cloth was removed and another cover brought over her body before she had much of a chance to feel a chill. She heard the sound of water, and then a cool rag was laid very carefully over her aching nose, eyes and cheeks and another was then used to wipe over her mouth and at her forehead. "Listen to me, little one." The musical voice had moved close to her ear once more. "Your eyes are swollen shut – and this is why you cannot see. Your nose is broken. But to care for you properly, we need to know all that is amiss. Do you hurt anywhere else?" Ivoreth swallowed hard. "A…arm," she finally managed. "This one?" Gentle fingers touched her right shoulder. The soft touch was another bolt of agony. Ivoreth whimpered and tried to squirm away, only to cry out from the pain of even that small movement. "Here is the draught, my lord – and the bath is nearly prepared." Strong arms slipped carefully behind Ivoreth's shoulders and lifted. "Drink this, little one. It will help you sleep so that we might tend you without hurting you." A tiny cup was put to her lips, and Ivoreth gagged on the first, bitter sip. She pressed her lips tightly together and shook her head. No! I can't sleep! I need to get back to Raini and Daren! Let me go! She would have struggled, but her body still wasn't paying attention to what she was asking of it. Just trying to move made her shoulder explode again, and she whimpered her pain. "Yes, I know it tastes horrid," the musical voice seemed to sympathize even as the small cup was returned to Ivoreth's lips. "But you need this. Finish now." Slowly, sip by sip, Ivoreth choked and gagged the bitter draught down, grateful at last to be returned to her comfortable cushion when it was gone. A tear eased its way past swollen lids to drip down the side of her face and into her ear. What will they do when I don't come back? A large hand picked up her left hand and cradled it comfortingly – and this time, when the darkness came for her, it was warm and welcoming. And terrifying.