living in the Wild, for too long to easily bear being cloistered in stone. That he is already planning to take steps to address the issue bodes well." "As if Legolas and Faramir would allow him to become too overwhelmed by matters of trivial politics! You have seen the repairs being done to the bridge? Minas Tirith will never be far from Ithilien; and you know how close Estel has been with Legolas all this time." Her father was silent for a long time, and his arm had tightened around her just a little bit more, telling her that his thoughts were again difficult ones. "My only regret, other than that of not having you with me in Aman, is that I will not know your children," he finally admitted in a whisper. Arwen's eyes filled. "And they will know you only from the stories Estel and I - and Elladan and Elrohir - tell them." Elrond took another long, cleansing breath, his usual practice when struggling to bring his emotions back into control. "And perhaps that is as it should be. The time for the First-born to fade from the world has come. You remain to give new infusion of our grace to Men, while I fade into the mists of time. The manner of immortality that you have chosen is different than mine, but it is no less real, Arwen. It is just…" He kissed her again. "For Three Ages of the World, Elves and Men have walked the road together; sometimes as allies, sometimes as strangers. We have done our best to help Men reach their potential, but the time for mentoring is over. We have now arrived at the fork in the road, placed here by the One so that Men will have to make their own way from now on. And our roads fork here as well, daughter, at the same place." Arwen smiled. Ever had her father been able to wax philosophical; it came with being the foremost Lore-master this side of the Sea. He was saying nothing that wasn't true, but turning facts into means to understand and offer comfort. Her love for her father - for both of her parents, without whose wisdom and guidance she would have to live the rest of her life - swelled inside her until she could think of no good response, no good tangent to take their discussion. And so she slipped her arm over her father's chest and held on tightly, her head pressed against the silk of his hair over his shoulder, and closed her eyes to carve the moment into her memory to take with her through the long separation to come. oOoOo The Elven flags waved briskly in the breeze as the delegation from Imladris rode through the gate of Edoras and turned northward toward Lothlórien. At the head of the company rode Elrond alone. His back was straight, his gaze fixed studiously on the road ahead of him. He dared not look back. He already knew what he'd see: Arwen would be on the wide veranda of Meduseld, watching her past life ride away from her. Her hand would be raised in a farewell wave, even though they had discussed this the day before, just before they had ridden back toward Edoras. She knew he would not see the wave. But he knew, with the same conviction that he knew his own heart, that she stood and offered her farewell wave nonetheless. "When I ride out tomorrow, my daughter, I will not turn back to you. I cannot. If I turn, I will not be able to leave; and you and your brothers and Estel will be forced to watch me fade. I cannot remain here any longer." "I understand, Ada." She understood, but he knew even then that she would still hope for one last look, one last wave from him. "And this evening, I will not join the host for the farewell feast. I will not see either you or Estel, lest I be tempted to remain." "Then this really is farewell? Right now??" Oh, how tiny, how frightened his daughter's voice had been. "Yes. The time for our farewell is come." "Ada…" "I will tell your mother that when last I saw you, you were High Queen of Gondor, happily married to a man who fills the corners of your soul in a way no other would. She will rejoice to know that you have found love and will know the blessing of children." "Ada…" "Come now. We must ride back to Edoras before Éomer King and your husband send out a search party for us." "Ada!" She had thrown herself at him then, crying bitter tears. "I love you, and I will miss you more than you will ever know!" "And I you, my daughter, the brightest star in my evening sky, outshining the moon and even Eärendil's gem." And he had wept as he embraced her, holding her tighter than ever, battling the grief that he would never hold her again. "May the stars ever shine brightly on you and yours, and the One hold you in the palm of his hand. Know that even from Aman, your mother and I watch over you in our hearts with pride and love." All the words had been said. All the embraces had been given. His farewell to Estel had been much more brief, but no less poignant or difficult. All that was left him now was to get past that first turn in the road, the one that put out of sight Meduseld and the rise upon which the city of Edoras was built. Tears streaming down his cheeks, Elrond lifted his face and set his eyes on the northern horizon. He wouldn't look back past the fork in the road that led him away from his beloved Evenstar. His Undómiel. It would wound her desperately, but he would not turn. He couldn't. He didn't dare. FIN