on the brink of life and death," said Galadriel before he could speak the next question on his mind. "And it has been a few weeks since we found you," said the old man, answering the next question on his mind. "By your sheer will to live is the only reason you are here, Arathorn's son. That, and a large amount of luck." He gave the old man a small nod, and immediately regretted it as his head started to spin violently. He closed his eyes and waited for it to stop. Once his head ceased to spin, he opened his eyes again and took a deep breath, looking at the old man "Well, sir, it looks as if I am at a disadvantage. You obviously know me, but I know not who you are." "Estel, surely you cannot have forgotten about Mithrandir? It was only fifteen years ago since you last saw him!" exclaimed Elladan. "I was but a boy, brother, and I cannot remember every detail from my childhood!" "But surely you remember that band of dwarves that came to Imladris?" asked Elrohir. "Aye, I remember them, and that curious creature with them… a hobbit, I believe he called himself." "Yes, and here is the leader of their company!" Elladan and Elrohir looked amused. Legolas glanced between the three of them, smiling. He frowned, deep in thought, but his memories came back to him. "Is it Gandalf?" he asked. "So what the people of the North call me," replied the old man. "Though I am known by many names. Mithrandir is what the elves call me, and I would not be surprised if you have heard that name often." "Aye, but I did not know that you were him!" said the young man with obvious astonishment. "I still remember that I was much too frightened by you to even approach!" The elves and Gandalf chuckled. Legolas sobered. "It was because of him that we found you, Estel," he said quietly. "And even that was not enough… we almost lost you. You were almost too far to be saved." Aragorn closed his eyes. Aye, he was far gone… he was ready to give up… but he didn't… why? Yes. He remembered. That one voice in the dark that helped him out. "Which one of you called for me?" he asked suddenly. "We all called for you, Estel," said Elrohir. "Yes, but who was the last? Who called right before I woke?" Legolas' brows furrowed in confusion. "My friend, we hadn't called for an hour, at the least. Lady Galadriel told us that we had done all we could, and that it was up to you to find your way back." "You found your way out yourself, Aragorn," Galadriel spoke quietly. "It was your own will that brought you through. Though we could help, only you could have saved yourself." "And you did," muttered Gandalf quietly, staring at Aragorn keenly through bushy eyebrows. "And you did." Aragorn nodded, and suddenly felt tired. Seeing his weariness, Celeborn had the younger elves leave the room to rest their own weary bodies. Once they were gone, Aragorn fell into a deep healing sleep. But before he was completely gone, a question came to his mind. "Gandalf, what were those… things that captured me?" Gandalf slightly shook his head. "I shall explain once you awake, Aragorn. Now rest." Once he was in a deep sleep, Celeborn turned to Gandalf. "Do you plan on telling him?" "Yes," said Gandalf. "But he is merely a boy." "He is also the most hated by the Enemy. He is the one that Sauron will send his minions to find. He has all the right to know about all of Sauron's servants, including the Nazgûl." Celeborn gave a small sigh. "You are correct once more, Mithrandir. Still, it pains my heart. I can see that he is loved greatly by my grandsons and young Thranduilion." He turned to the bed, and stared at Aragorn for a moment. "So this is Isildur's heir," he said softly after a moment of silence. "He is strong." "Aye," agreed Gandalf. "I am only happy to have made it in time." "Did they know who he was?" Gandalf nodded. "Unfortunately, yes. Now Sauron will only double his efforts since he was so close. We must be very cautious." Galadriel looked on the sleeping Dúnadan with an emotionless expression as Gandalf and her husband conversed. Aye, they had to be very cautious. Hopefully, as the years passed on, Sauron would ease his search on the man. But for now… caution was necessary. For if the Enemy caught him once more, she doubted that they would take any more chances. If Sauron caught him again, all hope would be lost. But for now, Hope lived on. A/N: The quote is from "Lord of the Rings, Book I, Chapter 10: Strider". It indeed refers to Aragorn and some type of experience with the Nazgûl, but no other explanation is given. This story took place in year 2956 of the Third Age. Aragorn was 25 years old, and three of the Nazgûl had been in Dol Guldur for five years. According to the Appendices, Aragorn also met Gandalf this year, and their friendship began. So I tied that in. The movies gave Celeborn absolutely no justice. So I expanded his role a bit. I usually see Galadriel doing all the talking in fan fics, with her husband standing in the background. No good at all. So I nudged him forward a bit. AU in aspects that Legolas never had been in Lórien beforehand, and that Sauron would most likely have Aragorn shipped off to Mordor or killed much sooner than he was going to be in this story. There is no large proof in the books that Aragorn knew Legolas beforehand and is entirely based on fanon. Elrond called Aragorn 'son' in Appendix A, so I assumed Elladan and Elrohir and a brother-like relationship with him as well.