tightly closed so that if Elrohir were nearby, she couldn't see him at all. Ada brought her close to the fire, and Ivoreth sighed as the warmth finally began to slow her shivers. He sat down and stationed her on his lap so that she faced the fire, and then reached up when Pilimor handed him a thin wooden trencher with what promised to be a succulent roast fish and some of the remaining bread. Ada set the trencher in Ivoreth's lap, but she shook her head and moved it to the ground next to her. "I'm not hungry, Ada," she repeated. The smell of the food turned her stomach. Tired beyond all belief, she closed her eyes and leaned back against Ada, praying that she could avoid the scolding that was certain to come by falling asleep before it got started. "Didn't Elrohir tell you that it was dangerous to be where you were after dark?" Ada asked in his calm voice – the one that made Ivoreth cringe when he was reminding her of something she should have known or listened to. Still, she loved Ada enough to give him an honest answer, so she nodded. "Then why…" "Because he hates me, and I just wanted to get away," slipped out before she had a chance to think. "What?" Ivoreth sighed again and turned to try to tuck her face into her Ada's shoulder. "No, Ivoreth. What makes you think he hates you?" Ada sounded confused and concerned. "I asked him if he was going to be mad at me forever, and he said he didn't know," Ivoreth gave up with a shudder and pulled herself into a smaller ball on Ada's lap. "He told me there was nothing I could do to make him like me again – and asked if I understood." A small sob escaped. "I didn't understand, and all I wanted to do was get away from him." "There are still wolves and other beasts who would find a girl like you a juicy meal, sweetling," Ada told her, pulling her to him again and then rubbing small circles onto her back through the blanket. "He may still be angry with you, but he wouldn't want any harm to come to you. You should have come back with him when he called." "He doesn't care what happens to me, and it just hurts so much to see him…" Ivoreth buried her face in the soft suede of Ada's tunic. She didn't have the words to tell him of her pain or how Elrohir's behavior wounded her. "He cares, Ivoreth. If he didn't, he wouldn't still be angry." It doesn't matter anymore. The only thing that is important anymore is to make sure that Ada doesn't stop loving me the way Elrohir has. "I'm sorry I ran, Ada. I promise I won't do it again. I'll stay close to you and do exactly what you tell me." Since that seemed to be the thing that Ada was most concerned about, it was an easy promise to make. She wouldn't run away from the camp again. She'd also never go anywhere near Elrohir again either - not if she could help it – and she'd certainly never try to talk to him at all anymore. Ada seemed to hear her inner thoughts the way he sometimes did when she was very upset. "You need to be patient with Elrohir, little one. He has always been quick to anger and very slow to forgive, even when we were elflings. I know that you want to make things right, but the only way he'll accept is for you to leave him alone until he's ready to forgive, and then it will be an easy thing." He inserted a finger beneath her chin and lifted her face to his, and her eyes opened and gazed sadly at him in the golden glow of the flames. "Trust me, Ivoreth; I've been through this with him too, many times." Somehow, knowing that Ada knew the pain of his brother's rejection helped a bit. Ivoreth bit her lip, nodded again and tucked her face back into his tunic. "Now, won't you eat – just a little?" She shook her head. "I'm not hungry, Ada – really." Her stomach growled, but she was sure that if she tried to eat, it would only come right back up again. Celebriel moved to sit down beside Ada and smoothed her hand over Ivoreth's head. "Can you get me the salve from my bundle?" Ada asked her in a soft voice. "I need to treat the scratches on her body before they get infected." "Did she tell you anything?" the elleth asked when she returned, and Ivoreth could hear the worry in her voice. "It is as you suspected," Ada replied, and Ivoreth felt the first gentle application of an oily substance being rubbed into the worst of the gouges the thorns had left on her right arm. It stung, and she hissed a complaint but didn't shrink away from Ada's touch. After the first few times, she knew what to expect and didn't even hiss anymore. He wouldn't use that stuff if it wasn't going to help. "I'm glad we'll be in LothLórien in the next day or so. Maybe the Lady can help her," Celebriel commented, holding out her arms. "Here, give her to me; you can treat her better if I hold her." "I'm not certain that it's Ivoreth who needs the help at the moment," Ada replied, gently shifting Ivoreth into Celebriel's lap so that he could continue to treat the scratches. "Go to sleep, nethben ," Celebriel soothed, running a hand over Ivoreth's tangled hair. "Things will be better in the morning, I promise." Better for whom? But Ivoreth had no more energy left with which to remain awake, and her eyes slid closed. Sindarin Vocabulary: Hiril nîn - my Lady Nethben - Little One Nuath - Shadow, a mild expletive