want to hear it? The word from those around you who care for you is that you have given up on life – that you are setting yourself up to fade, and quickly too." "If I fade, I will never see my father again," Legolas stated softly, his tone bleak. "I don't dare." "In that, you are in grave error, penneth ." Elrond shook his head. "You do dare. Already you fade visibly to those of us who know you well." "My mother," the archer guessed with a sigh of resignation. "Yes, although I must share in her opinions," Elrond admitted easily, almost relieved that Legolas could see the truth to some extent. Perhaps there was still hope to be had. Legolas sighed. "What antidote?" he asked again, his voice more steady than at any point in the entire exchange so far. "You must find a way to do at least one thing you've never ever done before ere each day is finished – and you must tell someone about the experience the next day even as you search for yet another new thing to do. You must do this every day without fail." Legolas shook his head, snorted and then returned his gaze to the far horizon. "That's your idea of an antidote?" "When you're as old as I am, penneth , finding something completely new to do each and every day will seem far less of a joke than you might think," Elrond responded seriously. "To continue to do so past the barrier of a week will tax any immortal's creativity. For one as young as you, the task won't seem quite so difficult at first – but it WILL become difficult very quickly, penneth, I promise you. But, if you persist, one day you'll realize that the many moments you've spent searching for and doing something new and different each day haven't been quite as empty or meaningless as you might have thought them to be – or that in the process, you may have found something else in which to find a joy and fulfillment that allows you to let go of the need to treasure each and every moment in mortal fashion." He gazed evenly into the stunned face. "But it will take Time and patience to accomplish that end, just as it took Time and patience for you to learn to see life in a mortal way." Elrond pushed himself to his feet and brushed the dust of the rocky precipice from the suede leggings. "Few Eldar would have it in them to take such a challenge and meet it, and I would not blame you for refusing to try. Whatever you decide, you should know that there will be a place for you in my halls should you want it, for however long you might want it." He followed Legolas' gaze one last time to the far eastern horizon. "But I tell you truthfully now, as one who has grieved, that sitting for endless hours staring at a horizon that will never grow closer will not bring your father West to you any faster – nor my sons to me. They will come when they finally choose to come, IF they finally choose to come. The friends and family we have lost to Ilúvatar's Gift will remain lost to us until the world is unmade – lost to us except in our memories, which keeps them close in a different way when we allow it. But here and now, WE have our own choices to make about our own lives." He bowed in Legolas' direction. "I have every confidence that you will choose well, Legolas Thranduilion." oOoOo Legolas inclined his head and then watched as Elrond – Lord of an Imladris so like and yet unlike the one before it – walked back toward the line of trees that stood a mere hundred yards or so from the cliff's edge. Eventually the sounds of the ocean at his feet drew his eyes back to the horizon, and he gazed out thoughtfully over the broad expanse, going over all that had been said. "Something new every day," he repeated to himself in a whisper. "EVERY day?" Even now, thinking on it, it was hard to conceive of an action he'd not done at least once before. Legolas' eyes narrowed. Certainly it couldn't be that hard, could it? His head swiveled, and he gazed at the place where Elrond had vanished into the trees. Elrond had made the challenge – was he up to meeting it? Did he even want to? Slowly, Legolas pushed himself to his feet and brushed the dust from his clothing. He gave the all too familiar eastern horizon a final glance before turning for the rapidly vanishing traces of the Elven Lord who had gone before him. Elrond was right – he WAS fading. And the antidote, while apparently so very simple, would prove to be far from easy, if his mind having yet to figure out a single new thing to do THAT day was any indication. No matter. He'd show Elrond that he could meet that challenge. He was a scion of Eryn Lasgalen – the son of the infamous Elvenking – and more than the equal to any Noldor challenge! He'd never be able to meet his father and look him in the eye if he didn't prove himself – if he continued to let himself fade. Perhaps a trip to visit Elrond's home for the first time in over three years wouldn't be such a bad idea. Surprising Elrond in his lair – now THAT would be something he'd never done! He'd still have to think of something new to do today, but it was a start. With a small smile on his lips from the memory of a light-hearted competition with Gimli a lifetime ago, Legolas stepped forward into the trees – heading home. FIN Sindarin Vocabulary: ellon - elf (masc.) penneth - young one