before her. "With gratitude, we accept once more the crown of Eryn Lasgalen, and we thank all of those who kept her safely for us in our absence." Only once before had she been so nearly bowled over by the sound of one person's voice. She could feel the heaviness in her chest swell slightly, but she ignored it in her joy to know that her Lord was safe, and well, and standing right in front of her once more. Elara turned to her left and felt Baradion press the tall welcome cup into her hands. Again she faced forward again. "Please accept this cup, and the welcome of your people, Aran Thranduil Oropherion," she intoned, again extending her hands. Thranduil took the cup from her, again with his fingers gently brushing hers. But instead of returning the cup to her, as she had been told was the custom, he turned around. " Aran Borendor, it was an extreme honor and privilege to stand and fight beside you in ridding our mountains and woods of the last of the Enemy's minions. Please accept this cup and know that the welcome of Eryn Lasgalen that it represents shall be yours until the breaking of the world." "We honor the friendship, kinship and alliance with our Silvan brothers," an even deeper and slightly accented voice stated very formally. "It is with pleasure we drink of your welcome and accept the offer of the hospitality of your hall. May the Powers ever bless your house and your realm, Aran Thranduil Oropherion." "Let the news now be spread across the land. The Enemy resides no more in the Hithaeglir. Our roads are safe from all who held allegiance to the Dark Lord or his captains. And to all of those who fought bravely to accomplish this and have come home whole to a man, let there be great praise!" Thranduil announced grandly. Immediately, everyone who had crowded to the front of the Hall to see and hear gave a shout that echoed through the mountain. Thranduil cleared his voice, and the tumult ceased. "Therefore, let those who have families to greet them find rest and reunion with loved ones. Rooms are being prepared for our honored guests, are they not?" Elara blinked to find herself addressed directly, and it took a moment to move through the sense of dizziness. "Sire, they are being prepared as we speak." "Warriors of Eryn Lasgalen, of Eryn Dínen, you are dismissed!" There was a collective cheer from both the warriors and the families that now spilled out of the great door in search of their loved ones, and Thranduil captured Elara's hand and pulled her safely out of the way and into his side. Elara knew better than to lean into him yet, no matter how much she both wanted and needed to. Tarion had been most specific as to what was expected of her - and of the King. Thranduil would have many duties that had to be seen to once he arrived, and she would be in charge of seeing to it that all necessary arrangements were made for the feast that evening; so the time for her to greet him privately would not come for many hours. "Borendor, may I present Elariel Bardhoniel, Lady of Eryn Lasgalen. Elara, this is Aran Borendor of Eryn Dhínen, the Silent Wood of the Avarrim ." "Sire, it is an honor." Elara dropped into as graceful curtsey as she could manage. Hearing her full, formal name reminded her yet again of the very official nature of that introduction. "So this is the fireth that has you so tied in knots, my friend," the deep voice chuckled, and then a hand on hers lifted Elara to stand erect again. "It is my great pleasure to make your acquaintance, Lady." "Sire?" She had tied Thranduil in knots? What was he talking about? Had she done something wrong after all? "Peace, child, you have done your Lord no harm," the very deep voice soothed at her with a note of amusement. "I have had very little contact with your people, so you must excuse me if my humor does not strike properly." Elara felt Thranduil's arm surround her shoulder. "Allow us to show you to a suitable apartment, where you may refresh yourself and rest for a time before our feast. Come, Elara. Did you by any chance have any of the suites in the royal wing prepared as well?" "Yes, Sire," she answered quietly, thoroughly intimidated to be in such lofty company. Thranduil had long since stopped being a King for her except in title under normal circumstances - but now, she felt very much at a disadvantage. She was only a wood-gatherer's daughter and wife; how she had ended up in the position of the Lady of the Elvenking's Hall still astounded her. And now, walking between two Elven Kings of unimaginable antiquity, she felt the full weight of her position and, for the first time in years, felt completely out of place performing the duties that had fallen to her. "I knew I could depend on you," Thranduil said softly, bending down to put his lips close to her ear. "You have lost weight again. I will hear of this soon." Elara nodded. She wasn't surprised he'd noticed. She could only hope he'd understand the distress that had cost her appetite. Sindarin Vocabulary Aran - King [I am proposing two different modes of usage: (1) when used with a name, it is a title (2) when used alone, it is the equivalent of "Your/His Majesty".] Avarren - Avari (adj.) Avarrim - Avari (collective noun) Bannoth - the halls of the dead (Q. Mandos) Belain - the Powers (Q. Valar) Ernil - Prince (same usage as Aran) Evair - Avari (several Avari individuals) faer - soul, spirit fireth - mortal woman Lothron - near the end of Spring nîn - my, mine rhaw - body, physical form Rhîw - Winter