thought she should. Indeed, her reminiscing about Timon brought to light that she hadn't thought of him for quite a while, and that in itself was jarring. Worse, she could easily bring his face to her mind, but the sound of his voice had faded away. And while she could still remember their passion for each other, her memories were filled only with a comfortable warmth. No sting of grief kept the memories sharp for her any longer, however. She had told herself that nobody had ever touched her soul as Timon had – but now began to doubt herself. How could she so easily let go of someone so important to her? When had that happened? Now she understood that perhaps this was what Galadriel spoke of – that the healing her heart had undergone had sent her husband back into the mists of fading memory. She shook her head in disbelief. To what end was this a good thing – and how did that have anything to do with Thranduil or the vow she'd given him ? With that question, her musing moved to Thranduil himself. Today, she'd heard his deep voice be as clear and strong and optimistic as it had ever been in greeting his latest guests – but she couldn't help compare it to how both his voice and his very being seemed just the night before. He had been uncertain of himself – and uncertain of her. But then, he'd been bothered by what he'd seen as a need to ask of her something that he felt he couldn't ask of his own subjects. It was difficult to imagine what that something might be, and what she could imagine was just too fantastic to even consider. If his description was to be believed, there was even a hint of a possible lack of propriety to the kind of situations she might find herself summoned into soon – especially if those "dark hours" the King spoke of happened late at night. Perhaps knowing this bothered Thranduil as much as it bothered her, now that it had occurred to her. And yet Galadriel somehow knew of this – and voiced her implicit approval of the situation, stating that "what will be must remain hidden"? What had she gotten herself into that the Lady of Light felt moved to encourage her to continue on the path she'd been set? Something told her that her answers wouldn't be all that long coming, but Elara regretted feeling that she had better not voice any of her reservations or thoughts to anyone else. Unless, of course, the Lady of Light was willing to shed light on some of her comments herself. Elara positioned her next stitch as she shook her head. Such a stew! "Put that sewing down now, Elara!" Míriel's voice broke through her musing. "Didn't you hear me knock? I was delayed coming here – I'm sorry – but I thought you would have started getting ready by yourself before now." "I'm sorry," Elara stammered, quickly folding the material again and positioning the needle and thimble for quick retrieval again before standing. "I must have been gathering cobwebs as well as stitching seams." "You don't often do that," the healer commented as she moved quickly behind Elara and began the task of loosening the laces on the gown she was wearing. "Is something bothering you?" No, this wasn't the time to talk to Míriel – not when she herself didn't know exactly what was going on. "No. I suppose I'm just a little dazed from rubbing elbows with folks my race consider nothing but legend. To think the Lady of Light actually spoke to me!" "I saw that." Míriel lifted the gown over Elara's head. "I also saw several of Auriel's and Gelírwen's crebain hatchery give you looks that would have melted mithril when the Lady bent and whispered privately into your ear. It's probably just as well that they're part of the group leaving Eryn Lasgalen with her, isn't it?" Elara twisted in Míriel's direction. "They're leaving with the Lady? All of them?" Míriel put her hands on Elara's shoulders and turned her back around again. "Stand still. Yes, they're all leaving – and I seriously doubt that there are many here outside members of their own families that will miss them." A thin and gauzy material fell over Elara's head to be gently tugged into place. "Not that there are many of those either." "How many are staying behind with us, Míriel?" The healer began tugging on the laces to pull them uniformly tight before tying them. "For now, about half." She fell silent for a long moment. "Some stay to succor the ones who feel they cannot leave – like Aran – at least, for the time being or until their own sea-longings grow too great to ignore. I have heard some say that Lord Celeborn will eventually lead the Galadhrim who remain behind to Imladris, abandoning forever Lothlorien. They say he is like Aran and not ready to leave the land either. The sons of Elrond will likely rule there with him for a time, I'm told. Ernil Legolas has his colony in Ithilien – but how long the others will remain once he departs or where they will go is questionable." "What about you? Will you be staying – or taking ship eventually?" The hands busying themselves with adjusting the crown of braids on Elara's head paused in their efforts. "I am Avari," Míriel said quietly. "My people have no wish to depart these shores, and I share their sentiment. I will stay – unless something happens to Randirion. My life is with him now – and if he needs to depart, then I will depart with him." She resumed her gentle tugs on Elara's hair. "But, Valar willing, that will be a long time from now, if ever." Elara's lips lifted in a small smile. "Good," she stated with a slight nod.