option: take her with them and decide how best to find where she had come from and how to get her back to her people later. Having made up his mind, Elladan was not one to wait around. He hefted her onto his shoulder and started north once again with a mere shrug at his twin's curious look. As the party of elves moved on, Elrohir contemplated that while Elladan had made the only decision time and expedience allowed, at least this time Elrohir would not be the one teased for bringing home a stray from the wilds. The remainder of the trip north was for the most part quiet. They moved as quickly as the worst injured among them were able. Elrohir contemplated the bedraggled looking female slung over Elladan's shoulder like a sack of potatoes as they walked. Her clothes were hardly the finery to which he was accustomed to seeing at home and she certainly needed a bath, but she had not acquired the tell tale stench which caused mortals to stand out so when they were unwashed for long periods. Elrohir had once heard the seneschal say that an unwashed mortal could be smelled five leagues distant. He had thought this a gross exaggeration until one day a ranger had entered Imladris on an errand of some import. In his haste, the man had run afoul of a woodland creature which, taking exception to be trodden on, had used its only defense and sprayed the unfortunate man. Foul was indeed the correct word for it! Elrohir's nose wrinkled at the remembered odor. Elrond had insisted the Ranger bathe at once and despite murmured protests, the man had agreed. The maids had filled the bath water with over -generous amounts of sweet herbs, for even their nostrils were assaulted by his mere presence. Elrond provided the man with fresh clothes of the finest silk, a gift worthy of a king of men, yet the ranger had seemed a bit put out that Elrond had ordered his clothing burnt and the ashes buried. Yes, mortals and their ways were difficult to comprehend. Elrohir grinned to himself at the memory. Elladan, seeing his grin and thinking that perhaps his twin found something humorous in seeing his brother with a damsel slung over his shoulder, took steps to rectify the situation and set her down gently on the thick grass. While he had not found her any great burden, even an elf needed some rest. They had come a considerable distance since they had first found the girl and most of it had been at a hurried pace to avoid more foes while so many of their number were injured. Even he had sustained a few cuts and bruises. "We will stop here for a time to refresh ourselves before continuing home," Elladan ordered. The others in the party, quite accepting of the fact that Elladan was in charge, began unwrapping lembas and drinking from oilskins. Elrohir however would not let an opportunity pass to get a dig in. "Weary so soon brother?" Elrohir quipped. "Home is not far distant and surely such a burden would be better examined in a bed? Unless you like your women dirty?" "I was merely seeing if we could awaken our slumbering guest yet," Elladan retorted, and then added, "However since you find the lady so fascinating that you prefer watching her over my shoulder to eating and drinking, then you may carry her the rest of the way home!" "I would not dream of denying my brother such obvious pleasure," Ellrohir countered. "If such pleasure you deem it, then it is yours brother. Perhaps you will be able to keep this female more easily in hand than the lady Aredhel," he jibed. Elrohir's eyes and head came up sharply at that. He had not realized Elladan knew anything about the time he passed with lady Aredhel, though being a son of Elrond it would not surprise him that some over-merry tongue or other had gossiped to his twin. There was a saying, ancient even among the firstborn, which loosely translated said "A falsehood could travel all the realms of middle earth before the truth had a chance to dress and mount." While it was true that elves were not given to telling outright falsehoods, it was not beyond them to embellish a tale a bit for interest's sake. Elrohir had no wish for his twin to continue on this line of conversation, so he agreed to carry their unconscious guest, hoping Elladan had not noticed that his true intent was to change the direction the subject had taken. The sun was rising in all her glory, and painting a resplendent canvas across the eastern sky as the elves crossed the bridge toward home and hearth. Elrohir had hoped that his brother would be the one suffering the jests and jibes of the outland guard. Alas, Elladan had found a suitable excuse to escape from such indelicacies. Even after all these years Elrohir still managed to stumble into his twin's well-laid baits. Thus it was that he now played at fencing off the genial catcalls he received from all whom they passed. "What is this you carry my Lord? It does not look like that which you set out to hunt unless our eyes greatly deceive us?" Galdor laughed merrily. Elrohir grimaced and rolled his eyes at the good natured, albeit annoying, tease. "Perhaps this is yet another pet for the menagerie?" quipped another. Elrohir 's habit of bringing home woodland creatures which required healing or attention to greater or lesser degrees had neared the realm of legendary. "It was not I this time," Elrohir insisted. "It was Elladan who said we should bring her to adar." "Of course it was," replied Galdor ,smirking. At that moment Elrond appeared and, having heard the jokes, smiled and said "Son, why can't you ever bring me home something small and easy to heal, like a bird?"