royalty, and Rosie thought that the intricate silver circlet on her brow was entirely unnecessary. She wore a gown of lavender and silver, that accentuated her grey eyes, and while she was also beautiful, it was Gilwyn who truly captured Rosie's attention. When they were all in private Rosie met Gilwyn's gaze, and quickly turned away, feeling embarrassed about being caught staring so openly. The meeting that followed helped to untangle the details. Aragorn had wed Ivonwyn in secret, and few outside of the Dúnedain knew of Elín and Gilwyn's existence. Ivonwyn wanted her children to be raised amongst their people, not sheltered in Imladris. When Aragorn travelled away from the North, Ivonwyn would take up his mantle, guiding the Dúnedain when they needed someone to look up to. As the Dark Lord's power grew, Aragorn returned home less frequently, afraid that attention would turn to the North if he remained there for too long. While he journeyed south, Ivonwyn and the Dúnedain faced increased attacks, and finally she ordered that they retreat together as a front to Fronost. They were attacked there, and forced to retreat to Annúminas, and it was during that retreat the Ivonwyn was killed. Never one to order her Rangers out to fight while she fled, she led the attack that diverted the enemy long enough for most of those who could not fight to escape to Annúminas. After that, Estelraen, affectionately called Elín, assumed power, using her grief to drive her. She had chosen to accept the Easterlings when their prince was brought before her, and she had created alliances with dwarves and elves and other humans in the North. In the aftermath of her father's victory in the south she had called upon those allies, convincing them to march on Carn Dûm itself to rid the North one and for all of orcs, goblins, and other foul creatures. Elín had led from the front while Gilwyn remained behind to guide their people in her sister's absence, and in case Elín had not returned. That was the real reason, Rosie realized that she had remained in the Shire for the winter, and returned in the spring. She had needed space from her sister, to come to terms with the very real possibility of loosing her so soon after loosing their mother. Her duty had driven her back to Annúminas, and had kept her there. When the retreated to their lodgings that evening Rosie wondered what might have happened if things had been different; if Gilwyn had not left. She liked to think they would have been, but the reality was that no daughter of Kings could ever love a simple hobbit lass. IX . Homeward Bound Summer 1422 The fist few days at Annúminas were filled with tours of the city and its workings, but as the first week came to a close Rosie found her interest in the city waning as the one person that she wanted to hear from the most failed to appear. Early the next week, her dreams were realized when a note reached her from Gilwyn, inviting her to work in the Houses of Healing as long as she remained in the North. Rosie left Elanor in Sam's capable hands, and for the rest of the summer spent all of her time at Annúminas basking in Gilwyn's company. If anyone wondered at their closeness, or the numerous exchanged glances, then they said nothing to Rosie. She worked in the Houses of Healing, witnessing first hand the grievous injuries that men, women, and children alike suffered from, and when she was not there then she was in one of the houses set up for the many orphans. Sometimes she brought Elanor with her, letting her daughter play with the other children, but for most of the time it was just her and Gilwyn, and that was how she preferred it; not that she dared tell anyone. Rosie did not want the summer to come to an end, and yet time could never be stopped. The days marched inevitably towards fall, and with fall came the plans for their departure. Rosie had made quite a few friends; the Rangers from the patrol that had saved her in the Shire, other healers in the Houses of Healing, patients in those same houses, and the children and their caretakers. Rosie knew that she would miss them, she would miss what she had come to see as normal when it came to Annúminas's diverse population. But most of all, Rosie would miss Gilwyn's company. The Princess never held herself as above Rosie, and she remained a patient teacher and a steadfast companion. On their last night in the city Rosie and Gilwyn stood together on the rooftop garden of the Healing Houses, and in that dark sanctuary Gilwyn knelt, and kissed Rosie. It was a chaste kiss, but Rosie would never forget the soft brush of lips. Rosie, Sam, Elanor, Frodo, Merry, and Pippin were back in the Shire by the beginning of October. Frodo left not long after, and it was only Sam, Rosie, and their growing family, for Rosie was once again expecting, who inhabited Bag End. Several years later when Rosie was making a customary visit the Ranger outpost on the edge of the Shire she learned that Gilwyn had left the North. She had married Éomer King, and moved with her husband to rule Rohan. Since their farewell in Annúminas, Rosie had not seen Gilwyn. They had exchanged a few letters at first, but as time went on Rosie moved on in her life with Sam, accepting that she had a family to care for, as her time to reminisce about Gilwyn dwindled. So when she heard of Gilwyn's marriage, and later about the birth of her children then she was happy for her friend. And what Rosie never knew was that when Rangers travelled to Rohan they always brought the Queen news of the golden-haired hobbit and her family.