to move a muscle, Ivoreth would never know; too long. But now, it was quiet: so quiet, one could hear the rippling of water far below. Ivoreth gazed out and upwards toward the holes in the cistern ceiling that were the openings of city wells, and saw that sunlight - not that muted, dim and yellow half-light that had lit the City for days before the horror, but truly bright and warm sunshine - was beaming into the cistern like spears of light that danced off of the surface of the water below. Again she shifted, this time rousing Daren and Evien. She transferred her baby sister into Evien's lap. "Stay here," she whispered urgently. "Do not move - and don't follow me." "Ivo!" Daren clutched at her. "Don't go!" "Shhhh!" she soothed at him. "Listen! I think it's all over - but I don't want to worry about you or Evi or Raini. So, Daren, I need you to be the man of the house for a little time. Can you do that?" That had been a favorite trick Nan had used several times to get Daren to do his chores, and it was just as successful now. Daren subsided back down and put his arms around Evien. "Don't be gone long," he warned her with a serious tone that sounded as much like Da's as he could manage. Ivoreth nodded. "I'll be right back as soon as I take a quick look," she promised, and then carefully made her way past the others who had come into the cistern after them and now also huddled against the wall. Some of them gazed at her with eyes that were still wide with terror, others with eyes that seemed almost empty of all life. Ivoreth shuddered and moved along, down the ramp and then through the first set of bars and into the darkened drains. Two others stood just outside the final set of bars, staring out into the courtyard of the city Gate, when Ivoreth joined them. None of them spoke at first - there were no words for what they saw. The bodies of the dead were piled high, and most of the dead were the horrible, ugly, dark ones who had broken through the walls of the City. While some of them looked as if they'd been taken down by sword or club, most of them looked as if they had simply dropped where they stood, with eyes wide and terrified. Beyond the heap that lay just before the sewer drain, Ivoreth could see Gondorian soldiers and strange, yellow-haired warriors pulling bodies one by one into carts. What few street stones could be seen were stained brown or black. Did we win? she wondered. Who are those other warriors? Finally she summoned enough courage to open her mouth. "Did we win?" The tallest of the boys that stood with her shrugged. "If we lost, we wouldn't be here, would we?" That makes sense. Ivoreth looked beyond the bodies, only to discover that not a single building in First Circle had survived undamaged. The wooden structures that had nestled close to the Gate - like their own hut and many others just like it - were nothing but smoldering piles of charred and tumbled timbers. The stone-faced buildings that remained standing had all lost part or all of their fronts, and many had gaping doorways into empty space and windows that looked inwards into the building behind them. The door in the stone front of the inn where Da worked stood alone, barely supported by the remains of stone walls on either side; everything - and everyone - that had been behind that door was gone, including Da. Those who were not involved in clearing away the dead were wandering around with looks of utter shock and despair. Far too many wore clothing that was stained and filthy, and no small number wore what looked like rough and bloodstained bandaging. "What do we do now?" the tall boy wondered aloud to no one in particular. Good question , Ivoreth answered to herself. All she knew was that Daren and Evi and Raini were inside, waiting for her to return. And, somehow, she was going to have to take care of them. Both Da and Nan were gone now, there would be no one else. Her eye landed on the body of a woman who had fallen behind a tumble of blocks from one of the stone houses - and on the small pouch the dusty skirt not quite obscured. She pushed past the boys and tried not to look at the head of the baker, matching the attitude and shuffling of the others around her until she'd made her way over to the body. Stealing is wrong, little one, she heard her Nan's voice in her mind. But if I don't take it, someone else will, and we all will starve, she silently answered Nan's voice. Pulling her Da's little knife from her own pocket, she bent swiftly and cut the pouch strings, then pulled both pouch and knife back into her own pocket in a single, smooth move. She glanced over at the boys and was grateful that they were still busy watching the soldiers. Ivoreth shuddered, realizing that her life from now on was going to be very different. She tried not to explore the pouch she'd taken, but knew from the feel of it in her hand that it held more coin than Da had seen in most of her life. I'm a thief now, she told herself sadly. Nan will never forgive me, and Da… She shuddered, deciding not to even consider what her Da would say or do to her had he known what she'd just done. I have no choice. Da told me to take care of them, and this is all I know how to do. But we will survive. I swear to you, Da, Nan, we will survive! Somehow. FIN