features hidden. They both watched a son of one of the servants of the Citadel walk up to the two guards at the seventh gate's entrance, a new, shiny copper coin in his pocket. Faramir glanced once more at Aragorn. "I suppose I should not tell an enemy that in order to get onto the seventh level, all you must do is bribe a child to distract the guards?" "No, you should not," Aragorn replied lightly. "Alright, there he is. I go now, Faramir; if something goes wrong, distract them." "What? Elessar, wait!" But Aragorn was already gone and making his way casually to the seventh gate, his feet making no sound on the new grass that had replaced much of the stone on the seventh level. Faramir groaned, yet did not move from his hiding place. His eyes were ever on Aragorn. The king strolled southeast towards the gate, ignoring the guards of the Court of the Fountain to his right. Their only job was to guard the White Tree, and so they did not bother him. He knew that they took their job of guarding the Tree very seriously, so their disregard for anything but the flora served Aragorn's purposes. Besides, if a real enemy ever came through the seventh gate, they would be ready to guard more than the Tree- or so he hoped. He was close to the entrance when he realized that the guards were sending the boy away and turning their attention back to the gate. He stopped in his tracks and thought about running, but that would not serve his purposes. It would just make him seem all the more suspicious. This was not turning out as he had planned. He quickly made his way to the closest tower; it was one of the seven towers that surrounded the Citadel. He planted himself on the wall, out of sight of the guards at the gate. He spared a quick glance around the tower to the gate, and found that he was not even one hundred yards from it. He sighed and tried to figure out how to get past them without drawing their attention. But fortunately for him, Faramir read their gestures correctly. He immediately jumped out of his hiding spot and made south, just barely turning east as he walked. He quickly found himself on the stone path that led to the Court of the Fountain and the Tower of Ecthelion. The steward then turned and walked hurriedly east over to the two guards at the gate. When they spotted Faramir and stood to attention, he slowed his pace, putting on the calm mask of diplomacy. He did his best to keep his glance away from the shadows of the tower to the north of the gate. The steward gestured the guards over to him and they readily left their post, not seeing the hooded man that waited for their departure. "Lord Faramir," said one with a short bow. "Is there aught wrong?" "No, no," Faramir said quickly, ignoring the figure sneaking his way to the gate. "I was… I was just wondering if there have been any disturbances lately… have there?" "No, my lord," said the other with a bow. "All has been quiet, other than a curious boy. But we have not seen anyone worth note." "And if we do, we shall inform you immediately," said the other once more. "No one will get past us without our notice." As Aragorn slipped through the seventh gate and out of sight, Faramir did his best to maintain his calm, diplomatic facade. If his face cracked, however, the guards said nothing about it. "Good, good," he said, quickly gaining his composure. "Well, then, continue with your duty." "Aye, my lord," they said at the same time with identical bows, and then left once more to guard duty. Odd, how guards often did that. Faramir turned and headed back towards the Tower of Ecthelion, chuckling quietly to himself. He should demote the two of them, perhaps, but then again, they were looking for strangers to come through the gate to the seventh level rather than out of it, and they did that job with enough competence. Besides, the King would have his head if he had to find another way out. He stopped by the White Tree and made eye contact with one of the guards. Judging by the expression in his eyes, he had seen the whole episode and was quite bemused by it. All of the guards saluted him as he passed, and he acknowledged each of them. He gave the bemused guard a large smile, but turned away towards the Tower of Ecthelion before he could see his reaction. Once Faramir was inside, he quickly found an empty room. He quietly shut the door, shook his head, and finally burst out laughing. "For that, my lord, you are in my debt." With one last chuckle, he exited the room to continue his paperwork while his king got some well-deserved time off. O0O0O0O Once Aragorn was on the sixth level and out of hearing from the guards, he burst out laughing. He played with the thought of demoting them and finding guards more aware of their surroundings, but quickly decided against it. The look on their faces when they stopped and questioned him on his way back to the Citadel would be well worth their incompetence. Besides, they made escaping the Citadel much easier for him. His laughing soon developed into a coughing fit, and he stopped in his tracks and waited for his coughs to subside. Once they were gone, he gently caressed his throat. Perhaps he was coming down with something more than a cold… but no. That was ridiculous. He was a skilled healer; he would know if he had something worse and would be in bed right now if he did. With that optimistic thought in mind, he continued his way down the streets of Minas Tirith.