Aglarond…' Where is this Aglarond?" He frowned at the nod from the Dwarf that indicated that he knew where it was. "Well?" he demanded. "Aglarond is the name of Gimli's colony in the mountains near Helm's Deep. That's in Rohan," Glóin sighed. He reached into his vest and pulled out a fold of parchment and opened it. "He says here, 'We both think that you two would benefit from traveling together, since you both will be going to the same places. You can keep each other company on the road, and perhaps get to know each other better.' See?" Glóin tapped the letter with a frustrated forefinger and then tossed it onto the desk, where Thranduil caught it up immediately. "I told you: not my idea." Gimli's handwriting was even worse than Legolas', but then, Thranduil was far less acquainted with the Dwarven script than with the cirth or tengwar that was used in Sindarin. "Nor my idea of a good idea either," he replied, tossing the letter back to the desk. "Even if it were, Gimli told me that your kind does not favor riding, and I certainly have no intention on walking the hundreds of leagues between here and Osgiliath!" "We don't tend to favor riding temperamental creatures three times taller than ourselves, no," was the arched reply. "But I wouldn't object to a pony…" "A pony?" Thranduil's brows nearly touched the woven circlet of leaves and flowers. "You do want to get there in time for the ceremonies, do you not?" Glóin's brows could fold into a frown that was downright frightening. "Are you saying that a pony would not get me there in time?" "I am saying that I will be riding my stallion, and it will be difficult for any pony to keep up with him." Thranduil sat back in his chair and crossed his arms over his chest. "If you travel with me, you will have to have a more proper mount." "I'll fall and break my neck!" "Nonsense! Gimli spent a goodly portion of that wretched Quest behind Legolas on his Arod, who is no less tall than my Aduial. To my knowledge, he did not fall or break his neck." "Yes, and Gimli told me that if he never had to sit on the backside of a horse again, it would be too soon!" Glóin thumped the mug down on the desk and crossed his arms over his chest in a mirror of Thranduil. "If you think I'd agree to hanging onto your belt so that I don't tumble to my death…" Thranduil blinked. "I did not mean that you would ride behind me !" He huffed and frowned. "Certainly one of the benefits of being royalty is being able to ride one's own steed in peace." "Well, I certainly wouldn't manage by myself on one of those monsters, now, would I?" Glóin retorted, "And although he hates the jostling, Gimli had to admit that they traveled faster when he rode with Legolas, who, as your son, is also royalty, is he not?" "That was different," Thranduil fumed. "They were…" "Did they not arrive at your Hall together on the back of that beast? I know they arrived at my Hall that way…" "I am not going to force Aduial to ride double!" Glóin glowered at him. "Is he so delicate an animal then?" "He is a highly trained war-stallion. He is most definitely not delicate!" "Then what's the problem? He can bear the both of us…" Thranduil stared at the Dwarf and then buried his face in his hand. "This is never going to work. Somewhere along the road to Osgiliath, we are certain to kill each other." "I know. I have no idea what they were thinking," Glóin commiserated. "What are we going to do?" Thranduil leaned his chin into his hand and contemplated his guest. "They will expect us to take their suggestion." Glóin shrugged. "How soon were you planning to leave?" Long fingers picked lazily through the papers and brought up three drooping sheets. "I am still in the middle of leaving adequate instructions for my aides to follow in my absence. It will take another day, perhaps more, before I can consider leaving. And once this tome I write now is done, I will have to fight my advisors who, because they are unhappy with my leaving in the first place, will no doubt insist on my taking a squad of warriors at the very least, for my protection…" His hand fell limp to the desk, bearing the papers with it. "You can't travel quickly with a military company!" Thranduil nodded. "Did you not hear me say that I would be fighting them? Like our sons' suggestion, it is not my idea." Glóin's eyes narrowed. "Another day or so at least before you can leave, eh?" He rubbed his forefinger beneath his nose, stroking the moustache and then sat up straighter. His eyes glinted in restrained mischief. "How much would getting away without an escort be worth to you?" "Why? What did you have in mind?" Thranduil sat up straighter himself, suddenly wary. Dwarves making deals was never a situation that inspired trust. "If I can figure out how to get you out of here without an escort and accompanying nobles, you will put me on the back of that… mule of yours so that we can make good time," Glóin stated firmly, defending it with, "It's a fair compromise." "We shall still end up wishing each other dead by the time we pass the southern fences of Eryn Lasgalen," Thranduil warned. Glóin shrugged. "So? What else will be new?" He smiled at the Elvenking. "Are you game?" "I can already tell I am going to regret this," Thranduil grumbled, "but yes. If you can get us out of here without a full escort, I can… Aduial can carry us both." "Good!" The Dwarf had the audacity to look pleased. "Then this is what we shall do…"