and seated himself in the other chair, then slipped an eating dagger from somewhere on his person and cut the meat on her plate into smaller pieces. She stared at him when he gestured, obviously telling her to eat, and then set about feeding himself. But the meat smelled so good, and it had been so long since she'd had any food that tasted anything but sickening, Inzilanî cautiously took up a piece of meat and slipped it into her mouth. The taste was so wonderful that she couldn't help the tears that overflowed onto her cheeks. If she was to die soon, at least these nimîr were giving her a fine last meal. She was so overwhelmed that it was hard to remember that she had to chew and then swallow. For the first time, she began to wonder if all the stories told of the nimîr and their ways had been mistaken. Certainly the gown she now wore, and the food waiting for her on the plate, indicated that perhaps they knew mercy and extended it, at least once in a while. She still flinched when her keeper arose suddenly and walked past her to where a pitcher sat on a crate with several metal cups nearby. He poured the liquid into two of the cups and brought them back to the table, setting one in front of her before returning to his seat. He nodded at her as he took a sip. A little braver this time, Inzilanî picked up the cup and sniffed. Water! Fresh, clear, sweet water! Never had something so simple tasted so good! She sipped at the water, holding the cup in both hands in case it would be taken from her. More than food, she had missed the taste of water. The draughts that the uruk continually drank had been nauseating and not at all thirst-quenching. She looked up to see the nimir watching her closely with those strange, glowing grey eyes of his, totally lacking in animosity or disgust. Taking a chance, she reached out and pinched another bit of meat and sat back in her chair, as far away from him as she could get, and chewed it slowly, still cradling her cup of water in the other hand. He used his bread to wipe up the juices from the meat and then sat back himself, munching on the nuts and berries. When her keeper didn't move a muscle after finishing his meal except to keep a close eye on her, Inzilanî cautiously pulled the plate into her lap, where she could pop the bits of meat into her mouth with little effort. Suddenly famished, she made short work of the meat, followed her keeper's example to sop up the juices with the bread, and then put the plate back on the table, full and suddenly quite sleepy. She jerked awake when her keeper rose and came next to her. Her cup was drained of its water, so she didn't fight him when he took the cup and set it back on the table, but her eyes went wide when he took hold of an arm and gently pulled on it, urging her to rise again. So the time had come at last, although she had been given a good meal to convince her to cooperate. It was better than the uruk had ever done, and so even though she was shaking like a leaf in the wind, she allowed him to pull her back towards the big bed. The gown was only so she could be decent while eating? Inzilanî began to pull the gown back over her head, only to have her keeper's hands tug the gown back down again with another strangled, " Baw! " Did that mean "no?" Instead, he pulled back the top covers on the bed and gestured for her to climb in. It made no difference to her whether she was used on top of the blankets or beneath them. And maybe the Great One enjoyed destroying clothing. Either way, she wouldn't fight him. He'd seen her fed, no doubt by his order, given her water to drink and clothing to wear for however little time. She wouldn't fight. Perhaps, then, he'd decide to keep her – and if he didn't hurt her too badly very often, she would think herself lucky. Inzilanî did as she was bid, and could hardly believe how warm and comfortable the bed was once her keeper had pulled the covers over her. There was a soft padding that cradled her head just right. She yawned despite herself, but forced herself to keep watch on the tent flap for when the Great One would appear. But her keeper was now moving about the tent, extinguishing candles until only one lonely flame at the table illumined the tent's interior. Her eyes widened in sudden understanding. Perhaps it wasn't the Great One who would be possessing her tonight, but rather this nimir warrior instead? She grew more confused, however, when her keeper simply sought the chair he had taken while eating and stretched out his long legs to cross them at the ankles. This didn't make any sense! She was spoils of war – she knew her fate! Why were they toying with her? Maybe they wanted nothing to do with one who had been possessed and used by the urik ? Maybe she disgusted them, and they only waited for the light of day to put her out of her misery. They'd given her a last meal, to send her soul on its way to her ancestors without the curse of hunger. Oh, but she was tired, and the light was dim enough that it was hard to hold her eyes open… Vocabulary - (s) Sindarin (a) Adúnaic baw - (s) no, don't nimir - (s) Elf nimîr - (s) Elves urik - (a) orcs (obj. case) urkan - (a) orc (nom. case) uruk - (a) orc (obj. case)