help me, then?" Dark brows rose abruptly and then lowered into a glower. "Because you needed the help, of course," was the terse rejoinder. "You were unconscious and half-drowning in the middle of a stream with what looked like a wild man bending over you. The look on his face and the things he was doing with his hands told me he meant you no good. And once I had chased him away, I was not about to leave you to drown by inches in a chilled stream until you awoke again by yourself, if you ever did, or to catch lung fever from wearing clothing that was soaked through to the skin to the point it would not keep you warm." She was unnerved by the display of indignation, as well as the idea that he had helped her for no other reason than that she needed assistance, and she looked away so that she didn't continue to be pinned by the intensity of his gaze. "It's just…" She sighed. "It's just been a long time since anybody's really helped me. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you mad." He sighed deeply and seemed to calm down a bit. "I am not angry at you, little one, merely very weary of a world which has grown so cold-hearted that a helping hand from a stranger can be so deeply mistrusted." He rose, taking the stool with him and putting it back in its place at the table. "As for your not having a home…" He gestured around the room. "This is not much, but it is warm and dry and safe. Until you have the coin to return to your proper place, wherever that is, you may consider it yours." Marisol stared at him. "But… You don't even know me. I could be…" She shuddered, thinking of all the things that she had done to survive in the past months that she would never have considered herself capable of, things she was ashamed of. "I could be a thief…" "Yes, I realize that." Strangely, her protestations didn't seem to alarm him. "And if I find out that your means of acquiring coin runs to the dishonest, it will cost you this place and my protection. I will not allow you to bring trouble to my doorstep." His protection? That was right – somewhere out there in the dark and the rain was a certifiable nutcase hell-bent on assaulting her. "But Crazy Larry won't stop, and I know he'll come looking for me. You don't want me to cause you any trouble, and Crazy Larry is nothing but trouble." Not after he had taken care of her, saved her from almost certain attack… His eyebrow were quite expressive when they shot upwards in that manner. "Crazy Larry?" "That's what they called him at the shelter, and the folks who sleep under the overpass said…" "Is that where you have been staying?" It seemed impossible, but the eyebrows had risen even higher. "It wasn't so bad until the weather turned, the underpass, I mean," she answered, cringing at his tone. "At least it was dry. When it got cold, I stayed at the shelter a few nights…" "But the shelter, if memory serves, is a quite unsavory place; and the underpass is even more so, and cold besides." "I had no choice." It was the truth, and an unhappy one. "Without a home, nobody would hire me, and without a job, I couldn't pay for a motel room." Mac gazed at her intently for a long and silent moment, and Marisol tried very hard to ignore the thoughts she was certain were running through his mind. Finally, however, he turned away and crouched down next to the hearth to tend the pot again. "No matter. Provided you behave appropriately, you need go back to neither place again." He was a strange one, Marisol decided as she relaxed back against the rough cloth beneath her, clinging to the blankets over her as if they could shield her from everything that had gone wrong with her life of late. His moods seemed to blow hot and cold very easily, and he moved with an almost wild feline grace that spoke of great strength. She had felt that strength when he'd lifted her so she could drink his tea, and the thought of it turned against her was frightening. But he had yet to touch her with anything but respect and gentleness, and he had offered her a place of her own next to a hearth that warmed the inside of this one-room shelter better than the floor furnace had heated the women's dormitory in the shelter. He had fed her bread that hadn't seemed stale or moldy, and the smells beginning to arise from that pot he kept stirring were starting to make her stomach growl softly. "Thank you," she said softly, not wanting to rile him at all and finally finding a reason to remember her manners. He rose and walked over to a wooden box that she hadn't noticed before, situated below the shelves, opened a hinged top and drew out something. "Here," he said, turning and tossing that nameless something onto the bed. "It is too large for you, I am sure, but perhaps you will feel a little less vulnerable or threatened if you are wearing more than just a blanket or two." It was soft leather, softer than any she'd ever seen before, and by the cut it was a shirt. She pulled it beneath her blanket and dragged it over her head. He was right; she swam in it. But as he had suspected, she felt a little more secure. Maybe all of her nightmares weren't on the verge of coming true after all. "Thank you," she said again, a little more confidently this time. "What is your name?" he asked, turning to close the box again. "Marisol." She saw him nod slowly. "A pretty name."