perhaps he heard that Merry was bedridden- but whatever the reason, he was certainly glad for the attention. After all, not everyone could boast that they have gone through weapons training with Lord Glorfindel, even if it was only a couple of lessons. Once a messenger arrived and informed him of the dinner hour, he headed straight to the room that he shared with Merry. To his delight, Merry was out of bed and very lively. "Merry! You're feeling better!" "What? Oh, yes, I had a long nap and after that I felt as right as rain," Merry said. "Someone brought us hot water, and since you're covered in filth I'm going to take the first bath. I won't be too long, and afterwards you can get the bathwater as dirty as you wish." "Very funny, Merry," Pippin remarked as he rolled his eyes. "Go on then, be quick- I don't want to bathe in cool water!" Within twenty minutes both of the hobbits were ready, and as planned Merry and Pippin went to Bilbo's room, where with him, Frodo, and Sam they would walk to the feasting hall. The other four were sure to keep their expressions completely blank as well as avoid looking at one another; they did not want Pippin to be suspicious about anything unexpected. He wasn't. As they approached the open doors of the feasting hall, they were sure to be behind Pippin when the hall came into sight. When the youngest hobbit first set his eyes upon the great opening, he stopped immediately in his tracks, his gaze roaming about the yards upon yards of flowery garland, the great wreaths above the doorways, the elaborate centerpieces, and even the discrete mistletoe within the corners. He soon caught sight of the large, single log within the great fireplace that lit up the room with a merry firelight bright enough to even compete with the everlasting flames in the Hall of Fire. Merry walked up to him and enjoyed his wide-eyed expression for a moment before saying, "Happy Yuletide, Pip!" Pippin swiveled about to stare at his cousin. "You did this? For me? But- how did you-" "Boromir told me," his cousin explained. "When we started planning, a few others volunteered to help us." The younger stared at him evenly. "Well, quite a few others," Merry admitted with a grin. "And we have quite a feast prepared!" Sam said eagerly. "We have a batch of boars specially for Yuletide, alongside roast goose and roast duck, the proper stews and soups of course, and we have all the Yuletide treats- plum pudding, fruitcakes, gingerbread, mincemeat pies and figgy pudding!" "Figgy pudding!" Pippin exclaimed. He began to sing: Good tidings we bring, to you and to yours. Good tidings for Yuletide and a happy new year! Oh, bring us a figgy pudding Oh, bring us a figgy- "Pippin!" Frodo admonished with a laugh, "you should not sing here; you can save it for the Hall of Fire, which is just as festive as this room. Besides, we are not out wassailing." "Then we shall improvise!" He ran over to the nearest group of elves, speaking softly with one another before the beginning of the feast. Bilbo left the younger hobbits with a short laugh while the other three went after Pippin. Before they could discourage him, he cleared his throat and began to sing to the elves. Here we come a-wassailing Among the leaves so green; Here we come a-wand'ring So fair to be seen. Love and joy come to you, And to you your wassail too... On the other side of the room, standing just a few feet beyond the high table, Elrond and Gandalf watched the hobbits with amusement. Gandalf chuckled as Pippin's clear voice only rose higher with his cousins' half-hearted protests. He glanced at other members of the Fellowship scattered around the room; Legolas, Gimli, and Boromir watched the hobbits with delight, the usually reserved man chuckling at Pippin's antics. "This was an unexpected joy for all of them," said Gandalf thoughtfully. "Unexpected, but perhaps the best for their spirits." Elrond watched as his daughter discreetly led Aragorn into of one of the many narrower halls that led to the feasting hall. Within her hand he spotted a bough of mistletoe. "Perhaps." The wizard followed his gaze and chuckled unsympathetically. "Let them have their joy; the days following will be dark, and for both of them it will be the little joy they have in a long while." If not the last , he left unsaid. The other, if he knew his unspoken thoughts, said nothing about them. "Then happiness all in this hall shall have tonight, for you are right; I foresee many dark days before they become light again." And so, even if only for that night, all within the Last Homely House forgot about their troubles and took delight in the celebration of Yuletide. Notes: *Foreyule is December, the Yuledays follow, and Afteryule is January. *Yule 1 is the equivalent to Mettarë, the last day of the year, and both are equivalent to our December 21st (and so this mini-celebration of theirs falling on their December 21st seemed right). *Many of the traditions listed here, like the Yule log and Yule boar, are older traditions, some going back to early pagan times. Others, such as mistletoe, were popularized a few hundred years ago but have roots in older mythology. *Wassailing (one of the definitions) is basically caroling, and has roots going back to pre-Christian times. Naturally hobbit wassailing does not have any of the negative connotations that some of the real world wassailing historically has. The snippet of the first song used is "We Wish You a Merry Christmas", though naturally Christmas was changed to Yuletide to fit with the context of the story. It originated about 500 years ago in England. The snippet of the second song is an old wassailing song, "Here We Come a-Wassailing", and has unknown origins.