ranging from general to slash, and has guest alternate chapters that will knock your socks off. All are linked through my official web page (see author profile) along with many other deserving writers whose works I know you will enjoy! To the Reviewers!! Flick Chan- You have helped so much ! I am sorry you are busy- I hope it is a good kind of busy! Can't wait to hear your thought when you have time to write! Breon Briarwood – don't faint- nothing is for naught! Remember- There are no useless actions, not in the RATM universe. I have some surprises in part two- stay tuned! Frodo Baggins 1982- Nice speaking with you, and thanks for your "Shooting from the hip" feedback!!! I have a monster plot bunny I think you may like- or that wills et your mind to rolling if you want a spoiler! And sorry to have Frodo cut on his palm! Heheheh. Rebecca Starflower- so glad you are getting enjoyment form my tale- though Merry's grudging respect, like so many good ideas, came from one of my dear betas' Ariel. I loved it too! And we will see more of a maturing pippin in part two! Fairyland "BEST FAN FICTION EVER WRITTEN" (blushes) why thank you! You know I have a lot of help from my betas and readers to keep the ideas coming, and the reviews, like yours, that keep me writing! Many thanks!!! Celandine- "And, will Celandine write anymore slash chapters? Hm...could be." (Emma Jumps up and down squealing!) Well- thank you SO MUCH for your support moral and otherwise for this story! Did you check out the hit count on the alt chapters! Getting close to 1000 mark! Squeeee!!!! Pipwisebrandygin "It was really interesting that all the hobbits except Frodo had different ideas of what the 'right thing' was and that to do the right thing they had to decide which one of them to hurt in the process, and I think Pippin was wonderful here because he was the only one who really managed to do the right thing" Wow- thank you- In fact, you make me sound much smarter than I am- but this is so very well put!!! Uchiha Itachi – thank you! And it is strange-people either hate or love line insertion. Yes- in merry mouth it was a mockery- and purposefully so! I will be aware these lines are sacred to many-including myself! Thank you for all your honest feedback, and I hope you like the adventure ahead! Chloe Amethyst- Chloe cues the band Ta-da, ta-da-ta, ta-da-ta...Congratulations on finishing Part 1! To mark this momentous occasion, I'm working on an itty bitty present for you. (Jumps up and flails) A prezzie! A prezzzie! We wants it now, precioussssses!!! NOOOOOWWWWW!!!!!!!!!! Though your support has been so very nice! The floggettes bow to you!!! Leia Wood "No, No, NO! You can't stop there! ;)" But I can! I CAN!!!!!!! But hope you likes this new chapter- complete with yet MORE CLIFFHANGERS!!!! Freya-" it is the relationship between Merry and Sam that most profoundly affects the story." Very observant! It is the tension between the desires of Merry and Sam that is really the engine that drove part one of the story! Now in part two we will see Frodo return, and Pippin come into his own. And the relationships again will be changed. Ariel- Well without you and Cele, the readers would get a real taste of how bad my spelling is, and how very little I know about horses!!! LOL! But I am glad to plug your fics and cele's and Aratlithiels, not the least because I am so sure readers will enjoy them!!! Aratlithiel –" Congratulations on this milestone, Emma. You have given many fans entertainment, even under the worst of circumstances" Thank you, carole! Well, I could not have done it without you, and I am so glad that you are sharing your gift of writing top quality Frodo angst with the world at large! But you really should stop making us cry on such an alarmingly regular basis!! Heheheh (hugs) Tialys - The end of all things', and one I really gasped at 'Frodo was alive but taken by the enemy.' etc.) Thank you- I was worried about that last insertion, but it really seemed to work as this part was curiously parallel with how TTT ended. Thank you! Wilwarin - Yay! Sequel! I bet it'll be even better than this one, and this one was outstanding! Thank you so much! I hope you like the sequel too!!! Areada- you are now on my update list! So glad you thought it worthy to be on it! And now I present- more cliffies!!! Heartofahobbit- well- I am honored that such a good writer thinks my writing is good too! will Gandalf and Aragorn become involved now? Well, you may find out very very soon! Be prepared for more familiar faces to enter! Endymion- and just for you- I am bringing Frodo back- bit by bit! And it will be very full of angst- so I know you will like it! Go Fro!!! CPSings for him- To say I am proud of Pippin just doesn't cover it. I very much wanted to give him a huge hug for finally growing a pair and doing what was right! I know it had to hurt him to do what he did, but I know in the end, he'll be so glad that he did it." I know you have a soft spot for Pip and he will shine through in part two as well! Frodo, as you know, will come back to us as well! I have a few plot issues I must map out- and I will let you know very soon where the dream sequence will go! Cant wait! Last but not least- Iorhael- my original inspiration and my lodestar from Indonesia (smooch!) Wow-look at all those fics you now have to your name! A really astonishing