with him once. He was very merry. Will any of your other kinsmen stay here in the South with you?" "One other: Halvagor, youngest son of my late cousin Halbarad. His eldest brother will be taking the Stewardship of Arnor." Faramir nodded. "Halborn, yes, we have met. He is an intelligent and honest man. I met Halvagor once, but did not speak long with him." "He speaks little, but when he does, it does well to pay attention. An excellent and observant warrior; Galdir seemed pleased to have him in my Guard, though he is still not sure what to make of Meluion." A chuckle escaped him. Long throughout the afternoon the king and steward spoke about any and all matters that did not surround issues of the state, and as the day wore on they learned a little more about the other and began to respect one another more than they already did. Soon enough the dinner hour came, and Aragorn realized that he needed to depart soon in order to make it in time to the Fellowship's guest house on the sixth level. As he stood to leave, he suddenly said, "Faramir, do you wish to join me for supper with the Company? I know the hobbits would be delighted to see you again." "I do not wish to intrude—" "Nonsense. A phrase common among hobbits is 'the more the merrier', and I know that everyone would be glad to see you once more. The hobbits cooked tonight, that I know, and they delight in sharing their creations." Faramir smiled. "Very well then; I shall be pleased to sup with you and your companions this evening. Never before have I been treated to a meal made by the periannath ." "There is little better than a hobbit-meal, my friend, that you shall learn soon." Quick notes: *Dúnadan is singular for Dúnedain, and the Dúnedain are basically the remnants of the people of Númenor. For simplicity's sake only the Northern Rangers (characters Aragorn, Meluion, and Halvagor usually) are referred to as such in the narration of the story. *The mural Bregon sees when he entered the sixth level is a depiction of Isildur taking a fruit from Nimloth, the White Tree of Númenor before it was cut down. Because this website does not have a prologue area, I will put my rather long character list here. All of my OCs, and most canon characters mentioned, are included on this list. The list is spoiler-free of any events that happen in the story (other than, of course, what happens in LOTR: ROTK, the book). CHARACTER LIST High Lords/Ladies Aragorn Elessar - King of Gondor and Arnor. Also known as Estel (his childhood name) and Elfstone in the story. Once traveled to Gondor as Thorongil. Arwen Undómiel - Daughter of Elrond; queen and wife of Aragorn. Also known as Evenstar. Boromir (mentioned) - Brother to Faramir; died during the Quest of the Ring. Celeborn - Lord of Lórien, father-in-law to Elrond. Elladan - Son of Elrond, twin of Elrohir. Elrohir - Son of Elrond, twin of Elladan. Elrond - Lord of Imladris, father of Elladan, Elrohir, Arwen. Foster-father of Aragorn. Éomer (mentioned) - King of Rohan, brother to Éowyn. Éowyn (mentioned) - Sister of Éomer and future wife of Faramir. Faramir - Steward of Gondor and Prince of Ithilien. Galadriel - Lady of Lórien, mother-in-law to Elrond. Halbarad (mentioned) - Cousin of Aragorn; died in the Battle on the Pelennor Fields. Halborn (OMC) - Son of Halbarad and Steward of Arnor. Húrin - Warden of the Keys of Minas Tirith. Cousin of Faramir. Rules Minas Tirith in the absence of the King, Queen, and Steward. Imrahil - Prince of Dol Amroth of Belfalas. Faramir's uncle. Lothíriel (mentioned) - Only daughter of Imrahil. Eventually marries Éomer. Members of the Council of Gondor Amrothos - youngest son of Imrahil, cousin of Faramir, representative of Belfalas. Angmoth (OMC) - Son of Angbor; father is a lord of Lamedon. Camaen (OMC) - A lord from Lebennin. Dervorin - Son of lord of Ringlo Vale. Galabor (OMC) - Lord of Anórien. Hirion (OMC) - Son of Hirluin, representative of Green Hills. Siranor (OMC) - Lord of Pelargir. Members of the Council of Minas Tirith Balandor (OMC) - One of the guild-masters of the Merchant's Guild. Bavanor (OMC) - Head of the Stonemason's Guild. Eradan (OMC) - Head of the Woodworking Guild. Hador (OMC) - One of the guild-masters of the Merchant's Guild. Iorgil (OMC)- Master of the docks of Harlond. Mirdegil (OFC)- Head of the Jeweler's Guild. Members of the Guard Beregond (mentioned) - Captain of the Steward's White Company. Dolmagor (OMC) - Member of the Royal Guard. Galdir (OMC) - Captain of the Royal Guard; father of Galerthor. Galerthor (OMC) - Son of Galdir; guard of Minas Tirith. Halvagor (OMC) - Son of Halbarad, kinsman to Aragorn; member of the Royal Guard. Lachamdir (OMC) - Lieutenant of the Royal Guard. Meluion (OMC) - Dúnadan and kinsman of Aragorn; member of the Royal Guard. Naurdir (OMC) - Guard at the Citadel. Sadoron (OMC) - Captain of the Citadel Guard. Tandor (OMC) - Member of the Royal Guard. Other Bregon (OMC) - Citizen of Minas Tirith; cobbler. Durvel (OMC) - Warden of the Houses of Healing (who was unnamed in the book). Elthalion (OMC) - Elf of Imladris; friend of the Queen Faithoron (OMC) - Lord Chamberlain of the King's House. Falasgal (OMC) - Citizen of Lossarnach; servant. Gandalf - Wizard, also known as Mithrandir; member of the Fellowship of the Ring. Ioreth - Healer in the Houses of Healing. Lalaith (OFC, mentioned) - Elf; sister of Elthalion. Lithor (OMC) - Citizen of Lossarnach; stable hand. Maldes (OFC) - Citizen of Minas Tirith; servant. Mirloth (OFC) - Citizen of Minas Tirith; wife to Galdir. Mithor (OMC) - Secretary to the King. Nethel (OFC) - Citizen of Minas Tirith; servant. Rangil (OMC) - Citizen of Lossarnach; sword-master. The Tutor (OMC) - Citizen of Minas Tirith; scholar and tutor.