right away?" Halbarad returned his gaze evenly. "I... we... didn't know quite what to think. You were supposed to be dead." Aragorn shrugged and reached for his glove to take the now boiling cooking pot from the flames. "That was Master Elrond's intent: convince the Dark Lord that the line of Isildur's heirs was broken, so that he would stop hunting me. But to do it properly, even I couldn't know. I was given another name - I didn't even answer to Aragorn until a little over a month ago. Even my own mother still slipped and called me by my Elvish name before I left." He gathered the two mugs together in front of him and pulled out his healer's pouch. "What did you do in Imladris?" Halbarad asked softly. When Aragorn looked up at him in surprise, he threw out a hand. "I've heard the stories, and I always wondered what it was like there." "I grew up - my brothers and Glorfindel taught me the sword, knives, bow, tracking and woodcraft. My Fa... foster father taught me healing. Elrond's chief counselor taught me history and literature and languages." He pulled out a small wrapped packet and crumbled a little bit of it into one mug and then carefully tucked the packet away. "And when I was old enough, they said, I began to ride with my brothers... my foster brothers... when they would patrol the borders of Ada's realm." "And you fought? That wasn't just a big story to make you sound important?" Aragorn reached for the bundle of dried meat and hard tack. At the bottom was another small bundle of wrapped, dried leaves, and he added a careful amount to both mugs. "I've killed orc and warg, yes," he replied softly. He poured boiling water into both mugs and held out Halbarad's. "Yours isn't going to taste very good; I added willow bark to yours to help with the pain." "At least it's hot." Halbarad accepted the mug and sniffed at it, wrinkling his nose but taking a cautious sip nonetheless. "What about you?" Aragorn put his mug down and dug in the bag for two relatively equal-sized lengths of dried meat, letting Halbarad choose his, and then handed over a helping of hard tack. "I've seen you - you're good with a sword. Tell me about growing up Dúnedain." Halbarad lifted the hard tack and glared at it. "This is going to taste really awful, soaked in that swill you want me to drink." Aragorn shrugged. "What can I say, it's medicine and you need it. Now, about growing up..." "Well, I learned sword from my father, but it was my uncle who taught me tracking and woodcraft..." oOoOo "You two were scheduled to arrive five days ago. What do you have to say for yourselves?" Captain Iorthon looked from one grimy, tired, worn face to the other. Aragorn and Halbarad looked at each other very quickly and then turned back to their trainer. "It's my fault," Aragorn said quickly, getting his mouth open before Halbarad could say anything. "I missed one of the markers on the trail and ended up leading us in a circle that cost us a day at least, wouldn't you say?" He turned to his cousin. "And it didn't help that I slipped on that patch of ice and landed on my foot," Halbarad nodded soberly. "Aragorn wouldn't let me move until he had it wrapped and splinted, and a crutch found..." Iorthon's eye narrowed. Ivoreth had been called to look over the broken ankle and declared that it had already received very adequate care; all Halbarad had to do was stay off of it for the next five weeks, and then gradually ease back into full activity. But there was something else going on here... "You two are getting along a whole lot better than you were before too, where neither of you could speak a civil word to the other before you left. Anything you want to tell me? Anything that I'd find out about later anyway that you want to get off your chest?" Aragorn shook his head. "Honestly, Captain, it was an unfortunate series of mistakes that happened. They could have happened to anyone." "As for getting along better, we got to know each other better while we were out there," Halbarad announced firmly. "We didn't have anybody else to talk to, after all. I found out I'd misjudged him..." "And I found out he wasn't the monster I thought he was..." Aragorn added willingly. His gut told him that the two young men weren't telling him the whole story by a half; but by backing each other up the way they were, there was no way he'd get the truth out of either of them. Their story was too neat - too practiced - not to distrust. But the fact remained that they had weathered a serious injury and a snowstorm and still managed to limp into camp alive and relatively sound of body and spirit. Whatever happened between them, it had done some good - and proven that they had great potential as Rangers. In that respect, at least, the training exercise had been a success. "Go on with you, then," he growled at Aragorn. "There's hot food in the mess hut. I'll have a new assignment for you in a day or so. As for you," he turned to Halbarad, "you're stuck here in the healer's hut for the next few weeks. Enjoy your vacation." For some reason, the sour look on the young man's face was satisfying. He very deliberately didn't pay attention when the two young men clapped their fists together in a triumphant mutual salute and smiled very openly at each other. Halbeleg had written to tell him that the two cousins could possibly be good friends, if they could just get past the first impressions. He was pretty certain that wasn't going to be a problem anymore. FIN