woman had filled a ceramic pitcher with clear water from a barrel and placed that on the table as well. Meg stared at the bounty spread before her, then at her guardian, who with a graceful gesture made plain that she was to help herself, and then she finally turned a puzzled look to the brown man. "I'm… I'm a trespasser, caught breaking in, and he's feeding me?" "It has been a long… long time… that we have not seen strangers in our midst," the brown man chuckled again and moved to claim one of the remaining chairs, "but the traditions of this House are venerable and to be honored regardless. No one who finds this place is refused shelter." He sat and watched her for a long moment, during which Meg didn't dare move. "Go ahead," he urged, his lilt almost musical, "this repast is for you." With a shaking hand, Meg took a few of the berries and put them on her plate and then sipped cautiously at the water in the mug, only to find it sweet and almost cold. "Who… what is… I'm confused." The tall man settled himself in the remaining chair with an astonishing grace, and the woman seemed to bustle about the kitchen to supply him with the same dining equipment as had been placed before Meg. He stated something in that musical language that held no resemblance at all to anything spoken by the natives in the villages nearby as he deftly sliced himself a thick slab of the bread and then revealed the unknown substance in the second small bowl as honey. Then, waving his doctored bread, he gestured, obviously telling the man in brown to relay his words. The man in brown asked a quick question, and then nodded at the curt response. "He wishes to know how you have found this place." Meg carefully set the mug back down on the table and directed her comments to her mysterious guardian. "My… my brother and I saw it… from the air." She waved a pointing finger in a small circle over her head. "We decided to come investigate what he thought were ruins." No sooner had the words left her lips but the brown man was speaking in that musical tongue. Immediately her silver-haired captor asked something else, and then gestured for his words to be translated. He looks as if he's someone used to calling the shots , Meg thought to herself with a shudder. "And where is your brother? Is he elsewhere on the grounds?" She shook her head. "No. I'm alone." Grey eyes from both men studied her face with a sharp intelligence that looked to miss very little. "Your brother did not accompany you after all?" was the next translated question. "My brother is dead." Meg couldn't help the flat tone in her voice. It still hurt to even think that she would never hear Gene's laugh, or be the butt of one of his jokes… The expression on the face of the man who had been her captor and guardian changed immediately as her answer was translated. The stony look vanished, and she found herself looking at deep compassion and concern. The question uttered then was one couched in worried tones. "Did he suffer mishap on your journey here? Should we send for help to fetch him?" the brown man translated urgently. Meg shook her head and closed her eyes. "No. He died long before I came looking for these buildings. I just…" She wiped at the tears that never failed to slip onto her cheeks when she thought about Gene for long. "He was so excited and intrigued when he saw your roof; and he wanted so badly to see just what was going on here. I came because… because I know he wanted to come." She was startled when the huge hand that had taken control of her elbow earlier reached out and gently covered her hand for a moment as it rested on the table. The deep bell-like voice chimed again. "Then we share in your grief, Lady, and are glad that you are come in his memory," the brown man quickly translated. The statement was both a comfort and a cause for confusion. "Glad?" Meg turned to the brown man. He smiled at her. "This place has always been a refuge, ever since its founding. While we do not often entertain guests anymore, we still honor the old ways. And while we are… surprised… that you found your way here, the tradition is that all those who manage to make their way here are never turned away. Please…" he gestured to the table and its contents, "eat a bit, while Norwen makes arrangements for your stay with us." Meg's eyes widened. "But… I don't want to intrude, or be a…" "Nonsense! We are honored to be allowed to once more serve our purpose in the world." "But…" She frowned. "But… What is this place? Who are you people?" The brown man nodded wryly. "Yes. I suppose introductions are in order, are they not? This," he gestured at the tall, silver-haired aristocrat seated at the table with her, "is Lord Celeborn, also known as The Wise." The tall man nodded at her, probably guessing the substance of the English and yet relinquishing not a bit of his regal bearing. "The lady preparing the evening meal, who is no longer here while she arranges for chambers for you, is Norwen. My name, in the Grey Tongue, is Radagast - although you may call me Wendell, as many of those in the villages do. It comes from one of my other names." "I'm Meg - Meg Litten," she returned with a shy smile. His "other" names? How many names does he have ? Wendell looked around the kitchen, his gaze obviously meant to indicate the entire settlement, and then back down at her with warmth and friendliness. "Well then, Meg Litten, welcome to Imladris."