her feet unsteady. She breathed a sigh of gratitude when she discovered that he had led her back to the stump and then joined her in taking a seat again. "How is it that I can hear you in my mind now?" Strangely, she could feel the Elvenking's confusion and alarm as if it were her own. She can hear me? Yes . She felt him physically start at the response that never left her own mind. "I have no idea," he finally responded aloud, the confusion she had felt within her as coming from him now obvious in his tone. "This is not supposed to happen this way." Elara trembled. If Thranduil is alarmed, something must indeed be wrong. "Not wrong, exactly," he answered her thoughts as if she'd spoken them aloud. "It's just that…" He took a deep breath and then continued in total seriousness. "For my kind, it usually takes bonding between ellon and elleth to bring two faer close enough to communicate in that fashion." "Bonding?" Elara pulled away from him, her mind taking her into thoughts that made her face burn with the possibility that this was not another example of his wry, earthy sense of humor. "What do you mean?" "Exactly what you're thinking," the King answered gently, as if sensing her discomfort and embarrassment. "And yet…" He paused as if listening in another direction. "The bond with Lalaith is unbroken!" he exclaimed with relief. This must be something else – something… "Something that your son perhaps has with his mortal friends?" Elara finished his thought for him aloud and then blushed at the surprise that poured from him once more. "My apologies." He took her hand again. "No apology is necessary. It's just…" He paused for a moment and then chuckled weakly. "It's just going to take a while to get used to the idea." His voice grew thick with memory. "I haven't had anyone in my thoughts for a very long time – and even now, her voice in my mind grows fainter with every passing year." "I've never had anyone in my mind before," Elara said softly, squeezing the large hand holding hers. "But I think I would have enjoyed hearing Timon's thoughts in this way." Thranduil breathed in deeply, as if shaking himself free of his grief again. "I think, however, you may be correct in pointing out that this may be something similar to the bond my son shares with his mortal friends – especially Elessar." He covered their clasped hands with his free hand. "I am once more convinced that you have been a gift to me from the Valar – for what I'm being rewarded, however, I'm not entirely certain. I haven't always thought kindly of them, as you can imagine." As another long moment of peace stretched between them, Elara marveled that she could so clearly share the deep satisfaction and contentment of the Elvenking sitting next to her. He really doesn't mind this? He really doesn't, a deep voice whispered in her mind with a soft chuckle, and then became wistful. Do you? "No," she answered truthfully after a long moment of examining her feelings. "I suppose I don't. But like you, I think it's going to take a while to get used to." For a long time they sat there, each trying to adjust to the sudden added dimension to their friendship and Elara still subtly aware of the deep pulsing that was the voice of the forest. Silent Elves brought them plates piled with fragrant herb breads, tangy slices of cheese, cakes made with nuts and berries gathered from the forest, and the juice of apples and berries mixed with wine. As time went on, the music around them eventually changed from choral paeans to Arda to a rousing instrumental reel, and the sound of gentle Elven laughter began to filter through the wood. "Tell me, Lady," Thranduil asked finally, breaking their comfortable, companionable silence, "in this day of strange beginnings, would you like to try something else new?" "What is that?" "A dance?" Elara snorted. "Surely you don't still think I can be taught to dance without causing a disaster, do you?" He bent toward her, and his deep voice thrummed. "Do you trust me not to let you fall?" Thranduil's tone made Elara catch her breath, very aware of a new and fragile warmth between herself and the Elvenking that really couldn't bear close examination – ever. This was a precipice that neither of them dared approach any closer, and she knew they both were aware of it. That such a thing had been given even the briefest voice and been recognized by the both of them for what it was would have to suffice. Determined to lighten the mood with humor and steer the two of them away from danger, she shook her head and laughed softly. "If you can trust me not to trip you and send you sprawling on your royal backside, I suppose I can trust you not to let me fall." Thranduil burst into gales of laughter, and Elara found herself laughing with him in relief. She let him pull her back to her feet and, with a warm hand at her elbow, guide her to the center of the meadow to join with the others as they celebrated the One and the gifts they had been given. Together with the rest of Eryn Lasgalen, they danced long into the night. FIN Author's Note: I know that some believe that osanwe-kenta is the province of the elves alone However, I took my inspiration for this development between Elara and Thranduil from the essay Osanwe-kenta itself, where it is said in the very first paragraph: "Of them Pengolodh says only, "Men have the same faculty as the Quendi, but it is in itself weaker, and is weaker in operation owing to the strength of the hröa , over which most men have small control by the will."