little son so very well tended by the two towering elven warriors. The thought that, perhaps, at least her son could be happy here brought a small smile to her lips. She then returned to in front of the hearth and perched herself on the edge of her seat, concerned at the strange outpouring of emotion from her host that, on observation, didn't seem to be abating as yet. "Is everything all right with you, my Lord?" She didn't dare reach out to him, although she suspected he was as much in need of comfort as she ever had been since her nightmare began. "I'm sorry," he began, shaking his head slightly. "I just hadn't expected…" Elrond visibly and with some difficulty worked to reclaim his composure, wiping away the tears with an unapologetic hand and then taking another healthy sip of the wine. "My apologies, Lady. I'm not normally so easily provoked to strong emotions this early in the day." "What was it?" Gilraen just had to know. "I heard my sons laughing," Elrond stated simply in a voice in which the deep emotions still stirred vigorously. Gilraen blinked, still not understanding how such a simple thing would inspire such a strong response, and he sighed deeply before continuing. "Many, many years ago, my wife…" His voice caught, and she found herself holding her breath. "My wife was captured by orcs and tortured." Gilraen closed her eyes and felt her heart squeeze painfully. He hadn't said "killed," he'd said "captured and tortured." How much worse must that have been! At least Arathorn's death, although shocking and altogether too soon, had been swift – he hadn't suffered. Elrond continued on, his voice bleak. "My sons found her and brought her home to me. It was a miracle she'd survived at all; but as it turned out, I could only heal her body. Her fae , her spirit, had been too badly broken by what she'd endured before she was rescued. She couldn't remain in Middle-earth, and she took ship. My sons blamed themselves – and me, I suppose – for their Naneth's injuries and need to depart; and they became very angry. For centuries now, they have exorcised their fury on the Enemy's minions, hunting them relentlessly and spending almost all their time in battle." He gazed in the direction of the garden and the sounds of gentle conversation and yet more laughter. "I've seldom seen them in the time since then; and always, when they came home, were they somber and lifeless. Often, they were badly injured, and rarely would they share the details of what had happened to them as I repaired their bodies only to know they'd leave again as soon as they were healed enough to travel. I've often wondered, as they would ride away yet again from here to continue their personal war of revenge, if I would ever see them again on this side of the Sundering Sea. When I first saw them last night, they were cold and wet and tired and heart-sick at what had happened to their friend and comrade, and concerned when you collapsed almost the moment of their arrival. To see them today, suddenly, healthy and whole in my garden, laughing and taking pleasure in the company of a small child is as if the last five hundred years had been an evil dream." Long fingers wiped away more tears before they could fall this time. "It's like seeing the warm sun of Spring after a very long and fell winter." Gilraen stared. He knew . He'd lost too, and lost dearly. The need to sacrifice in the name of duty was something that Elrond knew all too well. For the first time since she'd been introduced to the tall, elven warriors who had become her husband's battle advisors and comrades-in-arms, she began to appreciate what had driven them to the lengths they had taken. She'd seen several of the younger men of her village end up on a similar path over the few years she'd spent hearing of such things. "This is why I shall call your son Estel, for he has brought the hope of healing back into my house," Elrond continued in a thoughtful tone. "He is the hope of your people too, so the name fits on a number of levels." The Elf Lord took a long and stabilizing breath before turning a rapidly calming gaze on her. "Does my choice meet with your approval?" "Yes," she answered quietly, knowing now that the choice of epessë held meaning for the both of them. That he was asking her permission to assign that name before making it official made her feel better, as if she were having some say in what would happen after believing herself completely powerless. His rapidly clearing gaze told her he was quickly reclaiming his calm and serenity, but she gazed at him with open concern. "Will you be all right, my Lord?" "I think, perhaps…" He rose and extended his hand to her. "…that unless there is something else you feel we need to discuss immediately, I would like to spend some time in my garden with my sons – and with your son, if you don't mind. Would you like to join me?" "I would be honored," she answered and allowed him to pull her to her feet again and tuck her hand into the bend in his elbow. Elrohir had been right. This interview, while difficult, hadn't been half as bad as she'd feared. Elrond himself was far less intimidating than she'd expected. She could deal with this kind-hearted soul who gracefully pulled the door to his study open and allowed her to take the lead for the moment. And Imladris, for all its other-worldly nature, was suddenly not such a bad place to be. Perhaps she, too, could at least be happy here. Elvish Vocabulary: adar - (Sindarin) father epessë - (Quenya) nickname faer - (Sindarin) soul, spirit