kept her eyes on the text as the conversation flowed between Strider and Frodo. She had unconsciously slipped behind the hobbits, growing more suspicious- and, while she would never admit it, fearful- of this strange Strider. The fact that he had been spying on them was nothing good in her books. She continued to listen, and was surprised to see fear on his face when he talked about the Black Riders at one point. He didn't look like one to be afraid of many things. When he was going to explain more, the innkeeper came in. Instead of staying in the chair, he went into a dark corner. Why none of the hobbits told Butterbur he was there confused her, but she did not shout and instead read on, intrigued by everything that was happening in the chapter. She watched as the overweight man handed the letter to Frodo, and was pleased to note that he was also startled by Strider's appearance. The girl noted the atmosphere in the room seemed to get darker at the mention of this Mordor. When Butterbur left, she read the letter from the book. Immediately she became relieved when Gandalf said that Strider- despite all of their thoughts- was actually trustworthy. She read the poem in the letter, but did not pay much attention to it otherwise. Her relief seemed premature, however, when Strider spoke of taking the Ring, and put a hand on the hilt of his sword. Acting purely on instinct and forgetting the lesson she learned at Bombadil's house, she charged at him- and immediately fell through him. She cursed as she landed hard on the floor- while she may not be able to touch the characters, the floor was very much real. The teenager picked herself up, rubbing her arms and the bruises now there. When the scene did not move from where it was, Sally hesitantly picked up the book, flipped back to the page she was on, and read on. She breathed a sigh of relief as he went back to normal and revealed the name in the letter to be his- Aragorn. Odd name, but not nearly as weird as Strider. After the scare, she flopped onto one of the hobbits' beds- too small for her, but at the moment, she didn't really care. She would never admit this to anyone, but as the story had gone on, she had started caring about the characters and what happened to them. Sally could not really explain why- after all, they were fictional- but the fact that she could see them helped, maybe. But it was still much more poignant than any movie she had ever seen. She was, frankly put, emotionally exhausted. Sally put the book down and glanced at the four hobbits and the strange man. They would stay like that until she continued to read, so she figured she might as well take a small break and sleep for a while. She was, after all, so very tired. She didn't know why emotional exhaustion led to physical exhaustion, but tired she was. Soon enough Sally found herself slumped in the small hobbit bed, dead asleep. O0O0O0O A small shaking woke her up, and she blearily blinked a few times. In front of her was a stern-looking woman. "Wake up. The library is about to close," the woman said. Sally blinked a couple of times before the statement processed through her brain. "Library?" she asked. "Yes, library," the librarian said, annoyance written in her voice. "And you can't just fall asleep in the library and stay here, you know." "Sorry," she muttered. "I was..." She blinked again, and glanced down at her lap. Laying there was The Lord of the Rings . The librarian followed her glance. "You can take that home, you know," she said. "Come on, I'll check it out for you." Without looking back at her, the librarian walked away, obviously expecting her to follow. Sally picked herself up the ground. She quickly found the Twain book she had originally come for, and hesitated at the other book. Quickly making up her mind, she took both books back to the checkout counter with her. "It's a good book," the librarian said as she processed The Lord of the Rings . "First time reading it?" "Yea," Sally replied. "I'm... not much of a reader." "Doesn't matter," the librarian shrugged. "Reader or not, it's a good book." Sally merely nodded, thanked the librarian, and left the building. As she approached her car, her cell phone lightly vibrated in her pocket. She glanced at the number, rolled her eyes, and picked up the phone. "Hey, Joey." "Hey!" a male voice on the other side replied. "I've called you like, a hundred times; where were you?" "Sorry, I was asleep." She conveniently left 'at the library' out of sentence. "Already? Well, get up! There's a party at Caitlyn's; her parents aren't gonna be back until tomorrow afternoon! Wanna come?" "Uhh..." Sally opened her car door and put the two books on the passenger's seat. She glanced at the fat book lying on the top. "I would love to, but I'm busy..." "Well, your loss." Sally heard screaming in the background, and Joey quickly finished off the phone call. "Everyone else is waiting for me, so I'll see you later." "Bye." She hung up her phone and started the car's engine. What she had done finally hit her brain. Did she actually not go to a party to read a book ? She glanced once more at the large book, and smiled to herself. She supposed it was, in the end, a valid reason. After all, it was a good book. Moral of the story: Read. The. Book. Seriously, it is a good book. You won't regret it. And after you read it, feel free to write all the girls-into-Middle-earth stories you want. Just... read the book. Oh, yes. And Merry Christmas, too. Hope yours is a good one.