me." Each man put a warm hand on the other's shoulder. "I am glad you found me, 'Thel," Glorfindel declared. "And I am proud to claim you as friend and ally once more. May the stars watch over you and yours." "And may they ever watch over you and yours as well, 'Fin," Ecthelion squeezed Glorfindel's shoulder one last time. "Take good care of him," he then aimed in Erestor's direction with a sharp glaze. "I shall," was the reply, coupled with another bow. Apparently satisfied, Ecthelion turned and soon had vanished into the shadows that lined the street. "Give me those," Erestor demanded, immediately relieving Glorfindel of his bundles and handed them off to Sedilwen. "Can you see to it that these…" "I shall make certain that a room remains that he can claim as his," Sedilwen said and hefted the bundles closer. "Come to me when this lot has worn you out entirely, my lord, and I shall guide you." She bustled off toward the innkeeper's counter. "Now…" Erestor put a warm hand at Glorfindel's back. "I believe that there are a few people who were more than a little disappointed when you vanished so quickly." Glorfindel shuddered beneath what was meant as a comforting gesture. "I should apologize…" "You should not worry, old friend," Erestor leaned into his ear. "I told you I would explain your departure. For now, you need say nothing more than that you have decided that this was the better place to be." When Glorfindel pulled back and stared, Erestor merely nodded. "Consider it a welcoming gift." "I think I am very lucky in my friends," Glorfindel managed finally around the surge of emotion that threatened to choke him. "You have no idea…" Erestor shook his head. "No more of that; this is not the time for long faces and regrets. Come on, now. The festivities await…" That warm hand between Glorfindel's shoulder blades became an insistent push toward the open door of the inn and the dark-haired man standing just within, who turned at the sensation of motion behind him. "Elrond…" Glorfindel could manage very little else before Elrond pulled him forward into a tight and welcoming embrace and pounded his back in a distinctly Peredhil manner. "It is about time you arrived!" His lord loosened his hold and stepped back to take in his face, his own face falling into concern at what he evidently saw. "Glorfindel? Is all well with you?" Glorfindel looked around the room. Lindir was indeed holding forth on his harp, leading a group of musicians in the kind of music that couldn't help but make the toe wish to tap. Glorfindel smiled in memory, for it was a tune that a mortal child of Minas Tirith had taught them all years ago. In a corner, Elladan and Celebriel stood arm in arm, watching the dancers and speaking softly, while Elrohir had taken his place with the musicians and a borrowed harp. Not far away, Celeborn and Galadriel stood wrapped in each other's arms, slowly swaying to the music and paying attention to nobody other than themselves. Now close enough to see his lord clearly, he could tell that Elrond himself seemed to have dropped the weight of centuries and bore a countenance of peace and contentment so contrary to what he had sported in Ennor that the change strained at Glorfindel's credulity. Last but certainly not least, coming toward him with her face alight in a way he had not seen aimed in his direction in well over four ennin , was Celebrían. For the first time in their long acquaintance, however, he refused to allow himself to see the resemblance to Lírinyellë in her, determined that from now on, he would only see Celebrían for herself. At last he looked into Elrond's eyes. "I am well," he said, and felt his faer swell with contentment. For a brief moment he wondered guiltily whether he should have felt this way in the company of his sons and daughter instead, but dismissed the thought immediately after it arose. He was well – or at least better – now. "I am home now, among family. How could I not be well?" After another questioning glance, Elrond nodded as if the answer were satisfactory, at least for the time being. "Good. Have you eaten?" "Only a little…" And that little bit sat like a hard, cold lump at the bottom of his stomach. "I shall leave you in the hands of my lady-wife, then. Erestor, would you find our prodigal Battle Master a nice, tall goblet of wine while I see to it that he gets some of Aurin's…" Elrond dragged Erestor off into the crowd. "It is about time you got here," Celebrían told him with eyes that shimmered with health and life. Without further ado, she threw her arms around Glorfindel's neck and hugged him tightly. "I wanted to thank you for taking such good care of all of them for me. And then you were gone…" Glorfindel sighed. "My apologies, Lady. I did not mean to upset you…" "Hush! Elrond is gathering a plate for you, and you will sit at our table. No arguments, now…" Celebrían's embrace transformed itself into a hand snaking around his upper arm to hold him close and guide him through the throng in the inn's common room. "Now that you are finally here, our family is as complete as it can be." "I am glad to be home," he said fervently, knowing that, at last, he had come home. Perhaps not exactly the home he'd hoped for, but it was home. Here, with these people, he had a family, a place and a purpose sufficient to sustain him into a future that was his to shape. He shook off his melancholy, took a deep breath, and then allowed his relief and joy at being with those he truly cared about blossom into a huge grin. "And I am starving …"