I've already written it up," Bob said, turning the piece of parchment over. "I wrote down all of our names, when we met, and all the reasons why we need a place of our own. We can't remain wandering forever." "Give me that," Leera demanded, taking the petition from him. She read it quickly, her eyes betraying no emotion. "Well... I suppose it will work. I am not quite sure if I agree with your description of us, though." "What description?" the leprechaun asked. She silently handed it over to him, and he quickly read it. "'Pitiful, unwanted creatures'?" the leprechaun raised a bushy eyebrow. The faun frowned. "That's really fu-" "Give me that!" the gnome demanded, swiping the petition away from the leprechaun. "And for Eru's sake, stop cursing so much!" he snapped to Temus. "We're not going to get in if you bring in that modern lingo you learned from L.A., faun." The faun merely glowered at Bob. "Now, I'm going to send this petition to the Valar," Bob said, jumping off the stool. "I'll be sure to call another meeting when I get a response. This meeting is adjourned." With that, he turned around and scurried out of the meeting hall. There was yet another silence, though it was not as long as the last one. Soon enough the rest of the people in the hall were all talking. "I don't really feel like I participated that much," the Unicorn said. Gildin the Centaur shook his head. "This meeting was much too hasty, in my opinion, and Bob made most of the decisions." "Control freak," the mermaid muttered. The faun said something a bit ruder than that, which led to Flower gasping in surprise and Ashe bursting into tears. "Oh, shut up already," said Brian O'Leary to Temus. "You made the tree cry." "Dryad!" the tree- err, dryad- sobbed in protest. "Say," Rob interrupted the chaos with a low drawl. "How's that gnome gonna send that petition to these Valar people, anyways?" The meeting room fell silent once more as that question processed through the brains of those gathered. "A surprisingly good question," Gildin muttered. "I will investigate this issue." With that, he galloped out of the meeting room, leaving the other seven blinking in surprise. "This wasn't how I expected the meeting to turn out," Leera broke in. "Don't meetings like this usually last... longer?" "I'm glad it wasn't long," Ashe said. "Long meetings are boring. Besides, since we ended the meeting so fast, we will get a response faster." Even she could have not have known how fast the response would be. The centaur was back in the room about forty-three seconds after he had left, a startled gnome on his back. Bob was holding an impressive-looking letter in his hand. "They responded already?" Leera asked in surprise. "Yes. I wasn't even able to get the petition in the mailbox before this came out of the sky." "How do you know it's from them?" Brian asked with an unconvinced scowl. Bob held out the envelope. It clearly read "To: Nine Neglected Races; From: Us". "Oh," Ashe said, blinking. "That's weird." "Kinda creepy," Rob muttered, looking at the letter suspiciously. "Open it!" Temus demanded. Bob ripped the envelope open and took the letter from inside. He glanced at it, read the few words on the page, and then looked up, blinking in confusion. "What does it say?" Laurel asked as she swam closer to the gnome. When Bob did not respond, Gildin took the letter from his hands and read it aloud. "Eru has heard your complaints. Look outside." "Well, let's go then!" Ashe said with a large grin. She skipped to the front door, and the others soon followed. Laurel, with the help of Gildin, climbed onto Flower's back and awkwardly rode her outside. When the representatives for the Nine Neglected Races came outside, the saw the oddest sight. In front of them was a portal, and beside the portal was a rather bored-looking individual. He looked to be a Man, but no one there thought he really was. Once he saw them all outside, the mannish-looking being droned, "Eru Ilúvatar, the Creator, has heard your plea for a realm you can call your own. He has spent long time, as is accounted by Mortals, to build a land fitting for all of your needs. It is now ready, and he asks that you kindly refrain from sending any more letters to any of the Ainur, all of whom are very busy and don't need to be bothered by petitions. If you will follow me, you will all be escorted to a land made specifically to encompass your species. You will find your kindred have already been taken there. Please follow me." With that, he turned and went into the portal. There was a beat of silence before the nine rushed to get into portal. They were soon all in, and the monotone individual led each of them to their own little chunk of earth (or water, in the mermaid's case) where they could live Happily Ever After. And so they did. For, you see, Eru did not want these foreign creatures invading Middle-earth, for they did not belong there. And, in his book, they never, ever did. The End. Arda : Arda is a worldly mass; Middle-earth is a part of Arda. The Creator/The One/Eru Ilúvatar : An all-powerful being who created the Ainur, Elves, Men, and more besides. Comparable to God of the Christian faith. Ainur : They are spiritual, angel-like beings who Eru created first, and a group of them are a direct link from Middle-earth to Eru. Valar : They are the great Ainur; there are 14 of them (7 male and 7 female) that are in Middle-earth. The lesser Ainur are called Maiar; Gandalf, Saruman, and Sauron are all Maiar. Ulmo : Lord of the Waters of Middle-earth, one of the Valar. Could be compared to Poseidon/Neptune of Greek/Roman mythology.