"I keep fearing that if I open that door, I won't stop crying – and that I'll stop being of any use to anyone at all." "And yet, I tell you truly, the tears will remain there, no matter how long you stave them off," Thranduil added in a knowing whisper. "Be it a single year or a thousand, they wait patiently for you to let down your guard." "A thousand years?" Elara whispered, shocked into remembering the very different natures of their two races. "You've been grieving for a thousand years?" Thanduil sighed and loosened his hold on her. "Almost two thousand, actually. Sad, isn't it? You would think that I would know better by now." Elara reached up a hand bravely and touched the face of the Elvenking, finding it moist with tears of his own. "What would be sadder would be if you don't take the time to speak to your son of her now, Majesty. After all this time, if you can tell me – a stranger and a mortal – of your love for her, how much more you could say to one whom she loved as well?" The Elvenking was silent for a long moment. Then: "My son faces great grief of his own – and soon. He has thrown in his lot with mortals, who will be gone all too soon. I would not add to his burden." He sighed again. "Besides, he has the sea-longing; he will eventually have no choice but to go West and yet I will never leave the Greenwood. I have already lost him, Elara!" Thranduil's voice cried out with a new grief so great that Elara feared it near to overwhelming him. "You have not lost your son yet, Thranduil, and you would not be adding to his burden by telling him of his mother." Elara forgot for a moment she was speaking to a King in her sudden desire to give comfort to one who had been so generous to her in her time. "Do for him as you did for me – tell him of the good that was your Lalaith. Do not hide your grief, but don't make it the issue. After all, it isn't you he seeks to know better – but her. Surely you have enough good memories to share with him that you can bridge that distance." Suddenly the enormity of the social fumble she'd made crashed about her, and she slipped from her seat on the bench to her knees, her head nearly bent to the ground. "Apologies, Sire! I didn't mean…" "Stop that! I told you I came to you tonight as a friend and not as a King," Thranduil chided gently, his hands lifting her up bodily and setting her back into her seat as if she weighed nothing. "Sometimes friends have to scold each other – and I treasure those who can see their way past my position to do so when I need it." He fell silent for a moment. "And I think, Lady, that while your eyes may no longer see sunlight and shadow, your heart sees clearly enough. What's more, you have the courage to speak the truth when it needs to be given voice. I think I begin to understand what my son sees in mortals." Elara felt the heat of embarrassment flood her face and was at a loss for a response. "At least I'm no dwarf," Elara finally managed lamely, and she gave him a small smile with her quip in an attempt to lighten the mood. Her efforts bore fruit – a half-hearted chuckle. "I'd say not – I hear that dwarf-women wear beards, as do their men-folk. Your cheek, on the other hand, is quite smooth." Elara felt a fleeting touch along the edge of her face before his hand once more interwove its fingers with hers. Her jaw dropped open at the audacity of both the statement and the touch, and Thranduil's chuckle became lighter, more infectious. "I tell you this truly, Lady – although I've never seen a dwarf female myself. This is what my son's heart-brother told me of his kin, and I've no cause to doubt his word." His words paused for a moment, and then she heard a true laugh bubble up from deep within him. "Can you imagine kissing such a one? All that hair…" Elara shook her head as she laughed, relaxing a bit to hear more of the Thranduil she knew returning. Her success in moving him away from dangerously dark topics warmed her. "You're feeling better now, Sire?" she asked with a small smile. "I think I like it better when you call me by name when the setting, as now, is private," the deep voice told her gently. "But yes, to answer your question, my heart is much relieved, oddly enough." "Mine too." Elara could hardly believe it – she had thought moving past the grief that had been given such freedom that day would be a battle hard to fight and harder to win. All it had taken was the shoulder and the confidence of a King – no, not a King, a friend. "Thank you, Thranduil," she said with simple and unadorned gratitude. "Thank you , Elara," the King replied warmly. Elara felt him stand. "I know it's late, but would you consider accompanying me? I think I would like to show you my garden. It is most beautiful in the starlight." His hand in hers pulled gently, and she rose to her feet. His garden – he was talking of taking her to his garden, the one he had shared with his wife. "Will you tell me more about her?" she asked quietly. "If you will tell me more about your Timon." Thranduil returned. Elara nodded. "I would be most honored to visit your garden." "Good." Thranduil's hand squeezed hers one more time before relinquishing it to rest on a high arm. "This way, my Lady."