responsibility to be left behind while his beloved took ship. "It must be this way, or my own hopes are in vain." Galadriel's hand reached out and touched Elrond's upper arm in a mirror action to his. "She will be there, and she will be healed, as you say, so that she can be your anchor and strength while you are healed yourself," she promised. "The Valar would not ask so much of you – take so much from you – and then deprive you of your solace when you come to them having finished all they asked of you." Elrond struggled against the pressing desire to weep, and finally swallowed hard to tamp the tears back down. He let his gaze rest on the western horizon without striving to see beyond it. "You know, I wonder now if the endless hours of the Straight Path, where all around us is almost as empty as the Void itself, exists so that we have a chance to think through the purpose of our lives in Arda. If we are wise, we can use the time to settle that part of our lives that is finished now, so we can leave everything belonging to that world behind us when we step ashore in Valinor." "If we are wise," Galadriel repeated his words. "A very conditional opportunity – so fitting with the nature of the Valar." "If you say so," Elrond shrugged. "You know them better than I do." Again her lips quirked with a hint of a smile. "Perhaps, and perhaps not. You forget that even I followed Fëanor, although I did so as much out of loyalty to my father's choice as anything else. I am nothing if not a rebel. What I best know of the Valar is that against which I set my fate and my hopes long ago." A chilled breeze caught at hair and robes, and Elrond shivered as a heavy mist settled over the water and the ship. The endless silver sea had vanished, and even the stern face of the carved swan on the prow above his head was lost to sight in the mist. Sounds of consternation and then distress began arising from those who had been too wearied or defeated to note anything else just moments earlier as the ship began to toss and turn as if upon a stormy deep; and, oddly enough, Elrond felt Galadriel's hand seeking and then slipping into his. Having nothing to offer her but his own unease, he closed his fingers around hers and, together, they stared forward into utter nothingness. Just when it seemed as if the ship were going to founder and swamp, the seas calmed again and the mist that had swallowed them started to thin. Elrond turned and saw the pale, frightened faces of his fellow passengers become visible again, finding many of them had found reason to cling together. A tiny sound from Galadriel made him glance down at where their hands were joined to discover that he was clinging so tightly to her that his knuckles were white. With a gasp of apology, he loosed her hand and saw some of the tightness in her expression immediately ease. "Look!" Elrond's head swiveled to find the owner of the voice, and then again to follow the extended finger that pointed forward. Beyond the prow, the mist had completely dissipated, and on the very edge of the silvery sea could be discerned a very thin, green line. He heard Galadriel gasp, and turned to see her leaning forward with a hand at her lips, her gaze both wistful and excited. "Almost home!" he heard her whisper to herself. "Almost home," he whispered too. Somewhere, on that thin green line that was growing slowly but steadily closer on the horizon, was Celebrían. And from now on, wherever she was, that would be home for him, as it had always been meant to be. Already his heart was lighter with the sense of release from a Longing that had held him prisoner for so long that he could hardly remember a day without it. The losses he endured still ached desperately, however, as did the thought that he would have to share some of them with Celebrían. Nothing would ever change the fact that neither of them would ever see Arwen again, or that her brothers were remaining with her until her death before making up their minds if they would follow their parents or their sister and foster-brother. Vilya was still dead and suspended in a satin bag hanging from his neck, and the added stamina it had lent him for so long a gaping vacuum in his fae . He was still exhausted far more than he'd ever been in his very long life. But that thin line of green meant the greatest sorrow he'd ever faced was nearly finished, if all the tales of Elvenhome were true. Behind him, he heard the stir and then the voices of two sleepy hobbits, freshly roused from their slumber and guided to the deck by Mithra… Olórin. Bilbo sounded a little more animated than he had for years, and a quick glance at Frodo found a hint of color where pallor and illness had been before. All about them, those who had been sitting listlessly now stirred themselves, as if a corner of the pall of doom that had covered them had been lifted, letting the light of hope and healing penetrate slightly. They were not yet healed of the wounds they carried, but they knew themselves close to where such a thing could be found. As did Elrond. He straightened his back and brushed his hands down his robe. The time for doubt and worry had ended with the thinning of the mist over the ship. His future, as free from sorrow and strife as was possible, awaited him on those green and growing shores. The healer in him was ready to be healed.