happily about my situation here had influence over him." Thranduil pushed himself away and stood abruptly, and she knew she had probably disappointed him. "But that is not to say that others might not be more knowledgeable than I, and more willing to tell you what you want to know." From the swish of the robes, she knew he'd turned quickly. "What?" Elara pushed away from the table and slowly rose to her feet. "I'm sorry, Thranduil, but I'm tired and ready to be done with the day. Is there any way for you to let Míriel know that I'm just going to lie down without waiting for her?" She heard the King open the apartment door and speak in a low voice to someone outside, and then close the door again. "Is there anything I can do for you – other than hand you the willowbark tea once you're down?" "Yes." She reached out a hand into the empty air and, after a long moment, felt a huge hand take it and interweave fingers together. "You can stop fussing and plotting revenge. I'm safe; I'm fed; I have a headache, but I'll survive; and another scar on a face with so many already will not be much of an issue. You managed not to kill the men from Esgaroth, and I believe got the agreement from them that you wanted as well, yes?" "Yes…" he drew out in exasperation. She smiled at where she knew he stood. "Then all is good with the world – and I can go to bed with a clear conscience. In which case, you can put in an appearance at the Great Hall before everything is finished for the evening after all, and maybe quash a few more new ugly rumors before they get started." All of a sudden, she was gathered close and held while Thranduil laughed quietly. "You are impossible, Elara, daughter of Vardon, wood-gatherer of Dale, talking the evil and ferocious and cruel Elvenking of deepest, darkest, scariest Mirkwood out of his rage so easily! What magic do you wield that you take on such a formidable opponent without fear?" "I have no need to fear him – for, you see, contrary to popular belief, the Elvenking is a very kind person who will not do anyone any harm without good reason," she smiled into his chest. Thranduil smelled of fresh forests and sweet, new-cut grass, and his arms were strong and gentle around her. She had rarely felt so safe and protected in her life as she did at that moment, and she would treasure the memory that he would have killed to protect her deep in her heart to the end of her days. "And there are times – like right now – that I fear that I might learn to like him too well," she added in a whispered confession. "He would fear the same." Thranduil whispered into the top of her head, "except for two small things. First, he knows that you would no more dishonor the memory of your husband than he would the memory of his wife. And most importantly," he chuckled very softly, "he knows he is far too old for you." "You're right," she agreed with a soft sigh. It was easy to forget, sometimes, that Thranduil really was unbelievably ancient – he always seemed so irrepressibly filled with life and vigor that she couldn't help but be fascinated by his sheer power of will and challenged to keep up with him mentally. And it was also true that, as much as she was beginning to find herself quite fond of the Elvenking, nobody would ever touch her soul the way Timon had. She pushed away from him as a knock at the door announced Míriel's arrival. "Thank you for all you've done for me today, Sire," she finished formally, now that there were other ears in the room. "Thank you for my life – again." She felt him lean toward her again, and an impossibly light kiss brushed her forehead. "Goodnight, Elara," Thranduil said, his voice low and warm; and then, with a soft word to Míriel, the King was gone. oOoOo "Have you and Thranduil come to an agreement then?" Míriel asked as she unlaced Elara's gown and carefully pulled it over her head without dislodging the bandage. "Not so much an agreement as an understanding," Elara replied with a smile. Míriel chuckled. "My sister learned the benefit of looking for understandings more than agreements early on," she adjusted the sleeping gown and then led Elara to the bed to comb out her hair and braid it. "She often told me that Thranduil is far more manageable with understandings than with outright agreements sometimes – although she admitted that it made their arguments very trying." "Your sister?" "Yes. Lalaith – Thranduil's wife – was my older sister. After I married Randirion and came to live with the Sindar, we spoke many times about the best way to manage our head-strong husbands." Elara's jaw dropped, and Míriel chuckled softly. "You see, my dear, those of us who know him well, including family, are not threatened by your moving into these rooms – and many who wonder will look to us for signs of disapproval before causing trouble. They will listen to me, to Randirion, to Tarion and Anariel, far more closely than they'll listen to the likes of Giluín or Auriel. Besides, Randirion and I have our apartment only a few doors down from here – this move means that we'll be able to visit back and forth much more often now. When you're feeling better, I'll have to show you how to find us on your own. Thranduil's right – you will be much safer here, with us." Then Míriel gently handed a completely bemused Elara the cooled mug of willowbark tea – and when that was gone, sat on the edge of the bed to sing her to sleep. FIN