at the expression on his son's face. His comment had only made Baralin look unhappier. "And yes, I am quite aware that you rose not long ago. Still, you have been so long on the road, catching up on your rest will do you the world of good. That aside, I believe you will want to rest when we are through." Baralin sighed quietly, but in stark contrast to his elder brothers, he lowered his leggings and placed himself over his father's lap without needing to be prompted. He didn't hear the soft breath of relief from Ravondir, but nor did it occur to him to fight and make things more difficult than they had to be. He had been the only one of his parents' four children to resist the expectations of a noble society, something that had caused much tension when he had first announced that he was leaving to go and travel outside of Doriath. But aside from that, he had always been the easy son. Pleasant and polite, apologetic when he needed to be, sweet-tempered, gracious when it came to receiving discipline; as different from his brothers as it was possible to be. Resting one hand on Baralin's lower back, Ravondir picked up the paddle and began the punishment immediately, the leather implement landing crisp smacks that were loud in the otherwise quiet room. It didn't stay quiet for long. Unlike Arvellon and Ramirith, Baralin felt no shame in his tears, and he started to cry into his crossed arms as the paddle painted his bottom a rosy shade of pink. Ravondir continued in silence, applying a number of firm swats to his son's most sensitive spots before repeating them over the crying ellon's cheeks. The fiery sting made Baralin go up on his arms and throw his head back, but he didn't fling his hand in his father's way to try and stop the paddle. After finishing up with one last smack to the centre of Baralin's dark pink bottom, Ravondir set the implement aside and gave his youngest child's back a gentle, circular rub. "Try not to get into any more trouble, laes-nín. Look after yourself when you're out there. Come home more often. Your mother and I miss you, as does Siliveth." "I'll t-try to be good and c-careful," Baralin choked out, though he did not promise to come home more often. Ravondir lifted his son up and hugged him close to his side, enjoying the comfort that he had not been able to give his elder two children. "That is my good boy," he murmured, dropping a kiss atop Baralin's head. "My good boy, it is forgiven. All over now. All is well." "It isn't well at all. I just got paddled and I've only been back a day," Baralin said in a muffled voice, his face against Ravondir's shoulder. Smiling slightly at that, the elf-lord tucked some loose hair behind his son's pointed ear. It was a darker brown than his, and lit up with strands of a very deep red that had come entirely from Halloth. Ravondir had always thought that Baralin had lovely hair, especially when it glinted in the light; he was just relieved that the boy had not discovered a tribe of outlandish folk who dyed their hair. Piercings and a tattoo would have been the least of his and Halloth's worries then. "You did just get paddled," he agreed, focusing on Baralin. "But your brothers just got strapped, and they are both, as they are so fond of telling me, lords and fathers in their own right." "They're a pair of bastards," Baralin muttered, rubbing his eyes. With his arm around the young elf's waist, Ravondir lifted him up slightly and gave his tender bottom a firm pat. "We just had a discussion about that sort of behaviour. Are you so eager to repeat it already?" "No," Baralin sniffled. "I'm sorry." "Hmm. Well, at any rate, I would beg to differ with you on the name calling. I was there when both of your brothers were conceived." Ravondir might have misheard, because Baralin was busy using his sleeves to dry his tearstained face, but he thought that his lastborn mumbled something that sounded suspiciously like 'eww'. Smiling faintly, he kissed Baralin's head, and then sobered. "I am sorry that Arvellon and Ramirith spoke so ill of you, my little boy." "I'm used to it, Adar," Baralin sighed. "Used to them." "They may not be thrilled to have you home again, but the rest of us are delighted that you are back where you belong." After a final kiss to the brow, and one last reassuring squeeze, Ravondir helped Baralin up and gave him his nightclothes. "Here you are. Breakfast in bed, and then it will be back to sleep with you." "I'll try to sleep," Baralin conceded. He tugged his shirt off and replaced it with the knee-length night tunic that he had been given, and he dropped the shirt and his leggings onto the floor before climbing into bed and settling on his side. With his head pillowed on his arm, he watched his father turn to go and order him some breakfast from the kitchens. "Adar?" he said softly. "I missed you." Ravondir paused and glanced back at him with a wordless smile. As he was left alone, Baralin snuggled into the blankets and realised that it was true. He had missed Ravondir. And Halloth, and his big sister, and her husband Brandir, who had been a better brother to him than Arvellon and Ramirith ever had; and then there were his nieces, especially the smallest one, little Neldiel, who Baralin suspected would be something like him as she grew up. Coming home wasn't always easy, but there were some people in his life who made it all worthwhile. He would stay for a time, he decided, before setting off on his next adventure. After all, the world would always be there. The End