buried and the hobbit hole's door was closed. It wasn't seemly...I couldn't live alone, and wasn't old enough to marry. I desperately wanted to go with the Cottons, or the Bolgers, or someone...but their families just couldn't take on another child. I was so used to being the only child I had forgotten other families were much, much larger than mine. 7 September 3017, of the Third Age 15 Halimath 1417, Shire-Reckoning Time... I've been living with the Cottons and it's more than I can bear. I want to shut myself away but I have to help with the little ones, and Rosie's been working harder and harder down at the Green Dragon. That is, until the Gaffer and Sam came to call, along with Bilbo. "Mr. Bilbo's letting Merry, Pippin, and I stay down in Bag End before his 111 th birthday," Sam told us. "After that he'd be happy to let Adamanta live there. I would, but I don't think she'd be happy on her own all the time. At least she'd have Frodo round, and she knows Mr. Bilbo well. He would give her good company, I bargain it." I perked up instantly. Bag End was a wondrous place, and though I was miffed about not being able to stay at the Gamgees, I knew he was right. It was just the Gaffer and Sam there, and Sam was old enough to think about getting married and living on his own. Frodo would at least be a friend to me, since Bag End was his, and Mr. Bilbo wasn't going anywhere. "If it's alright, Mrs. Cotton, we'll come get Adamanta in a fortnight, before Mr. Bilbo's party. He was the one who offered to take her..." I sat, still and rigid. Mrs. Cotton sighed. "I suppose, if it really is alright with Mr. Baggins...I know there aren't any..." Sam nodded, knowing she was about to say women. "I think it'll be good for her." I clutched the arms of the chair I was sitting in and Rosie smoothed my skirt nervously. "Well, Adamanta, what do you think?" she asked, a sad smile playing at her lips. My eyes left Rosie and took to the floor, instantly attracted. "If..." I said, and then shook my head. "I'd love to stay, Mrs. Cotton, but I know it's taking a toll on you..." I said quietly. "I'll go to Bag End, Mrs. Cotton. If you ever need me..." I gulped. "You'll know where to...where to...where to..." Tears again. Sam and Rosie both hugged me at once, and then jerked away. It startled me into laughter, and I got to my feet to hug them again. 21 September 3017, of the Third Age 21 Halimath 1417, Shire-Reckoning Time... "You have everything?" Rosie asked, folding dresses and stowing them in my pack. "Yes," I said, kneeling on the floor and rolling a blanket. A few hair ribbons lay on the floor. I picked them up, along with my cloak. Rosie handed the pack over and I put it over my shoulders, pulling the straps uncomfortably. We looked at each other. Behind my head I'd heard a knock and Sam's quiet hello to Mrs. Cotton. "Adamanta," she called. Feeling woozy, I groaned quietly. Rosie followed me down the hall to Sam, wordless. Rosie's siblings stared curiously as Sam took my arm and nodded once. "I'll see you all soon," I said, but I knew that wouldn't be true. Everything was changing now. Still, Rosie waved till Sam and I had left her threshold and rounded a corner of the road. I didn't speak to him, just followed quietly, shuffling my feet as we took the same path that Poppy, Lily, Estella, Diamond and I had trod hundreds and hundreds of times in the years before. I wasn't likely to see it again. My father's death was still in my mind and the last two months had been the closest thing to a family I knew I'd ever have, ever again. At least there was Bilbo's party to look forward to, if the day ever came. The Hill climbed in front of my eyes, closer than ever, more beautiful than any hobbit hole I'd ever chanced to meet. I'd often only seen it from afar. Sam was gazing at me with a look of sorrow and pity as we reached the top of the Hill. I gazed at the ground and then looked around me, where miles of beautiful green hills and hobbit holes stretched from the base of the Hill. Farmlands and grazing animals dotted the green with brown flecks, looking more like little beetles than cows and pigs. It was in that scene that I realized I had fallen in love with this part of Hobbiton all over again. It seemed so long since I'd been there; staying in the Cotton's hole didn't share its beauty. And I realized at last, why Bag End had been built at the top of the Hill. I could remember myself, looking at Mr. Bilbo as though he were utterly insane! The thought forced my lips to crack a smile. I could picture Mr. Bilbo's kind smile at the hobbits' hundred and one stupid questions. "Why build it on a hill? It isn't fashionable, dear Bilbo...there isn't room for a field or garden..." I stared at the scene. Being hobbitish, to me it didn't always make sense, why things happened the way they did, but there was always a good reason with a Baggins. As Sam walked me to the round, green door of Bag End, talking on and on as quickly as he could, the door flung open and I took a jerked step backwards, for there stood Frodo. His blue eyes widened with the sight of me and Sam, and he cleared his throat and attempted to tame his brown curly hair; his mouth frozen in a slightly surprised expression. "Hello," he said, staring me into my own green eyes. "Welcome to Bag End."