his dark silver hair, and he straightened his clothes, making himself presentable for his cousin. He remembered to hide Lossen in time, and turned from closing the lid of the wooden chest just as his bedroom door opened to admit the eldest grandson of the King's steward. Being the youngest grandchild, Celepharn had been in awe of Celeborn from the start. Twenty-five years lay between them, and the elfling tried his best to emulate his cousin whenever they were together and he had enough time to study the way the older ellon acted. He knew that Celeborn's little brother would laugh at him for it, but Celeborn himself would never laugh. He was kind and patient, and he never raised his voice. He was the sort of big brother that Celepharn would have liked to have had, if only his parents had been able to give him one. "Do you want to talk about what happened today?" Celeborn asked, sitting in the window seat and leaning forwards to rest his arms on his knees. His silver blond hair was loose, save for the thin braids that denoted him as a nephew of the King and a scion of the House of Elmo, and he wore dark grey leggings with a shirt of such a pale green hue that it was almost white. The sleeves were loose and flowing, and over it he had a sleeveless dark blue tunic, with a silvery leather belt and black boots that reached almost to his knees. "Talk about what?" Celepharn replied, self-consciously smoothing down the front of his shirt. "I mean…well, how do you know that something happened?" "Because you cry so rarely that I can tell when you have been upset," Celeborn said. "We don't have to talk about it, but if you want to, that is well. Otherwise, just tell me to shut my mouth and mind my own business. I won't be offended." Celepharn knew that he couldn't tell his cousin such a thing, even if it wouldn't cause offence. Sighing, he curled up in his chair and gave the older ellon a pained look. "I…I was in trouble today. Trouble with Ada. He had to punish me with…you know, with a smacking. And it wasn't the sort of smacking I've had before, where it's over quickly. It lasted for a long time." "I'm sorry to hear that," Celeborn replied sympathetically. "It won't be any consolation, but my brother earns one of those just about every other week. You're still feeling bad about it, aren't you?" "Ada forgave me, but I hate to disappoint him," Celepharn sighed. "And it was something really stupid that I got in trouble for. I was in a fight with Lady Neldiel, you know, Lord Brandir's little girl, only she started it because I threw one of her dolls in a pond that I didn't even know was there." Celeborn's lips twitched slightly as he looked at the elfling. "Fighting with little girls, are we, cousin? No wonder Uncle Gwathion smacked your bottom." That made Celepharn blush and look away, and the older ellon laughed softly. "Forgive me. I was just teasing you, but it was in poor taste. So, you were punished and you were forgiven. That means it is over and all is well." "Yes, I suppose so," Celepharn agreed, with another small sigh. "Naneth wants me to try and be friends with Neldiel." "Does she? Why do you think that?" "Because she was in here before you arrived, asking me if I was really sure that I didn't like Neldiel, and saying that maybe when we're older then we'll feel differently," Celepharn explained. He frowned as he pondered his mother's odd behaviour, and when he looked up, a very faint smile was playing on his cousin's lips. "What?" "Nothing. It's just…ah…" Celeborn paused, as though considering whether or not to divulge his thoughts. He gave the elfling a smile and a sympathetic look. "Well, you know a little about betrothals. It is entirely possible that your parents are considering Neldiel as a match for you." "A match?" Celepharn repeated slowly. "For me? You mean…I would have to marry her?" "Well, you're getting ahead of yourself there. You won't have to be thinking about marriage for a long time yet, and I am sure Uncle Gwathion and Aunt Tatharien will consider other ellith," Celeborn said. "It is quite normal for noble parents to be thinking of such things when their children are yet young, even if nothing will come of it for many years. And you know, you could do a lot worse than Neldiel Brandiriel." "Why?" "She will be beautiful when she grows up, and she comes from a particularly good family. Her bloodlines are pure," Celeborn said, ticking each point on his fingers. "She should be able to bear sons, given that she has three uncles and three male cousins. I have heard, too, that she is a rather challenging daughter. She'll be a challenging wife, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. In fact, I think I would rather like it." "It sounds like you ought to marry Neldiel," Celepharn said, somewhat sullenly. "No," Celeborn replied with a faint smile. The younger elfling sighed and moved from the chair to the bed, lying on his back and staring up at the ceiling. Surely his parents wouldn't do that to him. Even if they could see the good in Neldiel, surely they wouldn't subject their only son and heir to a betrothal with an elleth who had jumped on top of him and pummeled him and pulled his hair. They wouldn't. They just would not do that. And if, if by some stroke of misfortune they decided that the match was advantageous…well, Celepharn would just have to be the sensible one and make quite sure that Neldiel would never want to kiss him, let alone marry him. "Some other ellon can have her," he scowled. "We'll see, cousin," Celeborn smiled. "We'll see."