sigh. She didn't like to point out that she wasn't a lady, just a girl elfling who didn't want to be a lady when she grew up anyway. "And that I might fall and hurt myself." Brandir gave a brief nod. "Getting the King wet was an accident, yes, but an avoidable one, and if Aran Elu chooses to discuss that with you, then you will behave for him and accept your punishment with good grace." Not particularly liking the thought of being smacked by the King himself, Neldiel shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other. She didn't think that Aran Elu would give hugs after. Not that Brandir often gave big cuddles after a spanking, unless it had been a bad one, but he did usually give her a brief hug or a kiss at the very least. She didn't think the King would do even that. Still, she was in trouble enough as it was, so she sighed quietly and gave her father an obedient nod. "Yes, Ada." "Good girl." Brandir paused and looked at his daughter, his hand briefly tightening on her small shoulder. "It will be the brush from me. You risked yourself, and that I cannot have." "Ada, the hairbrush really hurts," Neldiel whispered, leaning forward and twining her arms around Brandir's neck. "I am not going to use it the entire time," Brandir replied quietly. "You know I would not. Now, get ready for bed then bring the brush to me." Neldiel undressed, with some help from her father when she couldn't manage the silk covered buttons at the back of her gown. When she was clad in her clean, warm nightgown, she glanced at Brandir, wondering if he had forgotten about the hairbrush. He hadn't, for he nodded meaningfully to it, saying nothing. Exhaling, her heart heavy and thrumming with nervous anticipation, Neldiel retrieved it from the dressing table and carried it back to the bed. When Brandir had his child settled in position, he bared her bottom easily, flipping up the back of her nightgown. He put his left hand on her back to keep her from wriggling. After a quiet word to warn her that it was time, he began, his hand rising and falling repeatedly on the upturned bottom over his lap. Neldiel's cheeks turned pink quickly under the onslaught of smacks, and she whimpered softly, tightly gripping a fistful of Brandir's robes. When the elfling's bottom was bright pink all over, the lord paused and picked up the hairbrush. Neldiel stirred, and rubbed at her eyes with the back of her hand. "Ada? Can I have m-my doll, please?" Her favourite doll was resting against the pillows, and she couldn't reach her without wriggling halfway off her father's lap. Brandir reached the doll easily and gave her to Neldiel, who softly thanked him and cuddled Akachi close. After giving his little daughter's back a light rub, he began with the hairbrush. The swats weren't anywhere near as hard as he could have made them, but they were firm enough for Neldiel, young as she was. Still, Brandir intended to make an impression, so he shared out half a dozen sharp smacks between her cheeks, turning them dark pink, before moving on to her more sensitive spots. Clutching her doll with one hand and clinging to Brandir's robes with the other, Neldiel sobbed as her little bottom burned all over. She cried out incoherent words meant to be apologies and promises to be a good girl, and when Brandir gathered her and her doll up into his arms, she curled herself against his chest. "Ada," she wept, pressing her hand to her stinging bottom. "Ada, sorry I was n-naughty, sorry…" "I forgive you, iel-laes," Brandir soothed quietly. "It is done with now." Neldiel heaved a heavy sigh laden with tears, and she hid her face in the soft watered silk of her father's robes. She cried for a while longer, cuddling her doll and methodically carding her fingers through Akachi's black hair for her own comfort. When she was calm enough, she looked up, scrubbing at the tear trails on her cheeks. "Princess Lúthien made flowers," she told Brandir in a whisper. "Did she?" Brandir smiled faintly, recalling all the times his elder foster sister had done the very same thing for him when he had been a boy. "Yes, she likes to do that." "I liked them," Neldiel sniffled, rubbing her eyes. "I thought they were pretty. Princess Lúthien said I was like a flower." "You are," Brandir said softly. "Flowers are pretty, and so are you. You will grow up to be just as beautiful as your nana." Neldiel turned her face against her upper arm, drying the tears still lingering on her lashes. "Miniel and Tadiel will be prettiest." "No, iel-laes. You will all be," the lord murmured, cuddling his youngest close. "My beautiful girls." Though the elfling was fairly sure she would never be beautiful like statuesque Siliveth or elegant Miniel, or even adolescent Tadiel who carried her beauty with careless grace, she liked that her father thought otherwise, so she pressed a bit closer to him and suppressed a yawn. Brandir smiled and gave her a last embrace before tucking her and Akachi into bed. "It is time for elflings to sleep," he said, his voice low and soothing, his hand stroking Neldiel's hair. "Goodnight, iel-laes." "Goodnight, Ada," Neldiel whispered. She was aware of the lamp being turned down as she closed her eyes, darkness settling in all around her save for a thin strip of light that streamed in from the hallway through the slightly ajar door. Neldiel yawned again and cuddled her doll. It hurt. It hurt a fair bit, for she wasn't accustomed to her parents making their displeasure known with her maple-backed hairbrush. But as she thought of the fresh rain, of the poppies and fragrant niphredil , of laughter, of Princess Lúthien…she smiled sleepily. It had been worth it.