would be willing to partake in a longer run, say to that small hill and back?" "Is that a challenge, Eowyn?" "It is, Faramir." He smiled brightly at the open change in her and they set up for their race. As they rode out, laughing and enjoying themselves, it was at this time that the Lord's who had been out on the great fields of battle returned to the city. Upon arriving at the racetrack, the men inquired to what had drawn such a crowd and were much surprised to hear of the unlikely victor in the early races. When Eomer asked where his sister had gone after she had finished one of the ladies told him that the Steward had raced her out into the open field. At once, Eomer was worried for his sister's safety, but soon found he had no cause as the two galloped back into view and as soon as her horse came to a stop a good twenty feet ahead of Faramir's, she dismounted with grace and ran into her brother's waiting arms. "Eomer, you are well!" "As are you, dear sister, and it is good to see. I do not think I have seen you this free since before the shadows fell." "The shadows have been run off." She looked up and saw Aragorn for the first time since she awoke in his care and blushed, causing jealousy to build in Faramir's chest. Eomer looked to the Steward and requested he ride with him for a short time to discuss arrangements for the care of King Théoden's body. As soon as they were out of earshot, the conversation turned to much more pressing matters. "Lord Eomer, you shall soon be crowned King of Rohan and I know as a Steward I may not have a place to make this request, but I have grown to care for your sister much over the past weeks and I would want nothing more than to have your permission to ask her to be my wife." Eomer looked at Faramir with unreadable eyes. "You have no need to make such a request of me. I am not her father, nor our uncle." "But you are the only family she has left, and I wouldn't feel right about asking her to live with me in Ithilien as my wife, without first coming to speak with you." Eomer smiled at the man who he was now proud to regard as brother. "Faramir, if I may call my future brother that, you have awoken my sister from her despair. There is no man in Middle-earth that would be better matched for her. As long as my sister is happy, we shall have no quarrels." The two turned back soon after and Faramir left to make his preparations. That night, Eowyn and Eomer visited and when she woke the following morning, there was a bouquet of wild flowers sitting on the table near her bed. Eowyn dressed and set out for the garden as she often did while waiting for Faramir to finish his duties, but was surprised to see him sitting there on a bench near the wall. She approached, careful not to jar him from his thoughts, and joined him as he turned to look at her. "Eowyn, there is something I must ask you, but I am worried as to how you may respond." Taking his hands in hers, she ducked her head and looked into his eyes. "Then speak it quickly, so we may move on to happier things." Faramir smiled at her and took a steadying breath. "I know I have been plain in my intentions. My affection for you grew quite suddenly, and has only increased with time. I spend each day working to get through my duties so I could see you, and every night I lie in bed counting the minutes until I can be in your presence once more. I have watched you open before me as a flower that has survived the winter's snow. So now I ask you, will you grow with me in the gardens of Ithilien? Beloved Eowyn, for my beloved you most certainly are, will you marry me and wear my mother's ring as beautifully as you wear her robe?" "I will." At her affirmation, Faramir threw propriety to the wayside. He swung Eowyn into his arms and kissed her with all the passion he felt for her. Setting her down, he kept her close, looking into her eyes. "Faramir, when did you know you truly loved me?" Faramir smiled, remembering the day in detail. "It was the day the Warden came and told me you were ill. I had been trying to formulate a plan to free you, but when I was told that they weren't able to get you out of bed…I couldn't get to you fast enough. I had to do everything in my power to make you better." Eowyn melted into Faramir's chest and he held her to him. "What about you?" "You'll laugh at me." She whispered, causing Faramir to pull away to look at her. "I promise you, I won't." She exhaled and then met his eyes. "Yesterday, when I won the race against you. Most people would have let me win because I'm a princess or a woman. Races in Rohan are long distance because short races leave too much to chance. You're the only person who I've ever raced that I knew wasn't even thinking about letting me win, except my brother. I knew then that you would take care of me without placating me. I would still have my freedom with you. I can be the woman I want to be at your side." Faramir smiled as he kissed his betrothed again. "You're a wild horse, my love, I would never dream of taming you." "We are both wild horses, Faramir, that's what makes us perfect. We can run alongside each other until the end of our days."