the worst happened. No, she did not fall. That probably would have given them reason to rejoice. Instead, she was hanging onto the rope upside-down. Her shirt flew down to reveal some... rather unpleasant features. In result, a couple of things happened. Haldir, his brothers, and thehumansjust turned their heads with horrified looks on their faces; Frodo and Sam fainted; Merry and Pippin froze in their positions, also with horrified looks; Gimli screamed like a little girl; and poor Legolas stood in shock for a moment before collapsing onto the ground. When she finally made her way across the river, Haldir was still in shock. He looked down at her, then across the river, then down at her, then across the river once more. Finally, he spoke. "Well, I suppose we will not need to blindfold all of them anymore," he muttered, "Orophin, retrieve the unconcious ones and bring the others with you. I will deal with the girl." Tinklewinklehamana just smiled. When the fellowship stood before Lord Celeborn and Lady Galadriel, Tinklewinklehamana's hands were bound and she was blindfolded. The others had recovered more or less from the incident and were all concious once more. "Why is the girl bound?" Celeborn asked. But before Haldir could answer, Galadriel whispered something to him and he took a step away from her. "Nine there were yet eight set out from Rivendell," he exclaimed, "Tell me, where is Gandalf? For I much desire to speak with him." "He has fallen into the shadow of Moria," replied Aragorn. The girl just nodded. So Aragorn began the long tale of their travels through Moria. By the time he had finished, the girl was asleep. "Well that's a relief. Take her to a talan, Haldir," commanded Celeborn. "But..." "No buts. And I want you to make sure that the talan is secure. The last thing we need is her running about Lothlorien..." Tinklewinklehamana awakened to find that the fellowship was preparing to leave. Legolas was the first to notice her awakening. "Aragorn! The potion's wearing off!" he called. He muttered something under his breath about wishing it could have lasted longer. "Collect your things. We are leaving soon," Legolas said. She quietly obeyed him and stood up. "Well?" heasked. "I don't have any things, remember?" she whined. He pointed to the clothes beside her bed. That was when she realized that she was wearing an elvish traveling garment something like what Arwen wore to rescue Frodo in the movies. The skirt went down to her ankles, by the way. "Shoot," she muttered, "I want to wear my mini skirt!" Legolas sighed. "Lady Galadriel learned about what happened on our way here and decided that you needed to wear something more appropriate. So don't complain." She did complain. All the way to the river she whined about her clothes. She was still complaining when Celeborn and Galadriel had luncheon with them, and she complained as the elves were pinning on her cloak. Aragorn was the unfortunate one to carry the girl in his boat, and she spent days whining about her outfit. Finally, when they landed on the shores of Amon Hen, he cracked. "SHUT UP YOU EVIL SPAWN OF MORDOR!" he screamed, "ALL YOU'VE EVER DONE THIS ENTIRE TRIP IS TALK! I HOPE YOU CHOKE ON LEMBAS BREAD, THEN WE'LL BE FREE OF YOUR ENDLESS BLABBERING!" Legolas stared at Aragorn. No one had ever seen the ranger snap, yet this creature had made him so. "Well, I hope you fall off a cliff meanie!" she spat. Then she finally ran into the forest. Pippin finally broke the silence. "Where's Frodo?" he asked. The others looked around, but he was nowhere to be found. Neither was Boromir. Tinklewinklehamana found Frodo when he fell from theancient statue. She also spotted the orcs. "RUN FORDO! RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!" she screamed. When he ran, Aragorn jumped onto the scene and began to slice at the band of orcs that had appeared out of nowhere. The girl just screamed and hid behind a tree. Following the ranger were Legolas and Gimli. "Go Leggy!" she cried, instantly discovering her mistake. An orc heard the cry and started to chase her toward the river. "Save me Leggy! Help!" she screamed. Suddenly, she came to a cliff that hovered over the large waterfall. The orc shot his last arrow at her. She dodged it just in time, only to lose her balance and topple into the water with a cry. "She's gone..." Legolas said after the battle was over. The three remaning travelers looked up at each other and pondered the fact for a moment. Without warning, the elf and man let out a whoop and began to dance in a circle happily. Gimli kept his composure, but he was still glad to be rid of the menace. Too bad Boromir wasn't here to see this... So ends the tale of our first variaty of Mary-Sue. Some things to think about when you come upon a story like this are: 1. It is just short of impossible for a Mary-Sue such as this one to last farther than the end of the first book 2. Legolas would never really fall in love with a girl such as this. No chance whatsoever. If you are a true fan, you know that the elf is better than that. 3. Sues like these are annoying, especially to the ones that have to endure them- aka the fellowship- so you have to admit that the final scene is very likely when the Sue dies a horrible death. Join us next time when we explore another type of Mary-Sue, one that is a little bit less annoying. She is a die hard LotR fan, and has a better chance of survival than this mindless slut. She has read the books more times than she can count, and knows the movies by heart. (Welcome to my world!) This is the modern LotR fan, and it's coming up next!