weapon flew everywhere, including her direction. "Shi—" Alex reflexively threw her hands up and just in time too. A piece of the axe wedged into her palm. She instantly clutched it to her and refused to show it when Gandalf tried to pull it from her. "If you really didn't want me here, you could've asked." Alex said cheerfully towards the axe-wielding one. He seemed to lighten a little knowing that she wasn't going to hold it against him. "I'm…sorry, lassie." She nodded; Elrond motioned for everyone to take their seats. He pulled her hand away and looked at it, the way she was clutching it kept it from bleeding into her clothes. He quickly pulled a bandage from a slit in his robe and fixed her hand…now how did he know he was going to need a bandage? "The Ring cannot be destroyed, Gimli son of Gloin, by any craft that we here possess." Alex snorted, "The Ring was made in the fires of Mount Doom. Only here can it be unmade. It must be taken deep into Mordor and cast back into the fiery chasm from whence it came." Alex cringed slightly when a voice tickled her mind, but it was gone before she could make sense of it. "One of you must do this." His eyes scanned the council before settling on Alex…oh no – he was thinking crazy things. Alex turned her gaze away and it landed on the one who wanted the ring most of all. He looked to be in pain at the words of the Ring's destruction. "One does not simply walk into Mordor. Its black gates are guarded by more than just orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep. And the great eye is ever watchful." He seemed to think that he had the right-a-way and leaned forward in his chair. "It is a barren wasteland, riddled with fire and ash and dust. The very air that you breathe is poisonous fume." His voice rose a little higher, "Not with ten thousand men could you do this! It is folly." Alex was going to retort, but apparently the elf – Legolas, she remembered – had different plans. "Have you heard nothing that Lord Elrond has said? The Ring must be destroyed!" So much for even tempered, she thought. Gimli jumped up like his ass was on fire, "And I suppose you think you're the one to do it!" Then someone yelled, "And if we fail, what then? What happens when Sauron takes back what is his?" Gimli retorted once more, "I will be dead before I see the Ring in the hands of an elf!" Alex shook her head, with a group like this – this world was better off dead. "Never trust an elf!" Oh Merciful God, strike them dead now. Alex cradled her head in her uninjured hand and sighed. "I will take it!" The room went deadly silent…Alex turned her head up and saw her brave little guy stand before the stupid giants, "I will take the Ring to Mordor…though I do not know the way." He mumbled. Alex snorted, oh yeah – they were screwed. "I will help you bear this burden, Frodo Baggins. As long as it is yours to bear." Alex smiled, Gandalf was really something else – to be doing something like this at his age, that was really something. Aragorn stood and kneeled in front of Frodo, "If by my life or death, I can protect you, I will." His hand landed reassuringly on Frodo's shoulder, "You have my sword." Legolas pulled up, "And you have my bow." "– And my axe." Alex snorted; he really wasn't going to let it go, was he? Alex went tense when the man who started most of the fights stood and walked towards the little group. "You carry the fate of us all, little one." He patted Frodo's head and Alex had to stop herself from growling, "If this is indeed the will of the Council, then Gondor will see it done." "Here!" Oh – For the love – they really needed to stop doing that. Alex turned to see Sam jump out from the bushes and ran towards Frodo. Alex giggled at the sight. "Mr. Frodo's not going anywhere without me." He said importantly, he crossed his arms and Alex smiled. How cute. Elrond cocked an eyebrow, "No indeed. It is hardly possible to separate you from him, even when he is summoned to a secret Council and you are not." Alex chuckled as a small smile colored Lord Elrond's face. "Oi! We're coming too!" That's it, she thought, everyone's going to take lesson on noisiness. Merry and Pippin dashed to Frodo's side, flashing her a smile as they passed. Alex laughed outright. "You'll have to send us home tied up in a sack to stop us." Alex couldn't stop, this was just too funny. Pippin just made it harder for her to stop, "Anyway, you need people of intelligence on this sort of mission – quest –thing." That was it; she had to cover her mouth to help her stop. "That rules you out, Pip." No more, Alex told herself, absolutely no more. Her face and cheeks were starting to hurt. "Nine companions…but one is still waiting…" Alex snapped her head up to find the whole strange group and Elrond looking at her. She looked around then turned back and pointed to herself. "Me? Why would you what me to go?" she asked, Elrond came towards her and looked down at her; she didn't like the feeling so she stood as well. "You were sent here for a reason. Going on this journey will make clear what it is you are to do." Alex sighed; he was talking in a fatherly voice. The voice that commanded all agreement to his own choice – damn him. "Fine, but if I die, I'm haunting you from my grave." So this is how it starts… -