as old as time Song as old as rhyme Beauty and the Beast In the end, Renny made a curtsey for a moment, leaving him surprised and not knowing what to do. "You have to bow to thank with whom you danced." she said smiling. Glorfindel nodded and did as she told. There was a moment of silence that was only broken by a gentle breeze from the night wind. Lord Glorfindel smiled at her. So that was the waltz ... he liked it. Renny smiled back at him with that cheerful, frank smile he so fondly loved, yet he could read something more at that moment The wind blew, and Renny's hair covered her face. She brushed it hastily aside. Glorfindel paused, recalling the red hair at the burning of the Teleri ships. And he had followed Fëanor and his fire-haired sons, yes, he had. He shook his head and gently brushed away the rebellious fire-colored hair, so unique, that made her so different. Renny watched as he gently brushed the hair from her face and tucked it behind her ear, and for a moment Glorfindel could see a light in those sky-colored eyes that was identical to the one illuminating his. It was as if time had stopped, as if nothing else existed than he and she, it was as if a charm had fallen on them because they both looked into each other's eyes and both smiled the same way. Renny cleared her throat and put a hand on his shoulder. "Congratulations friend Glorfindel, you just danced the most famous waltz on Earth: 'The Waltz of Beauty and the Beast.'" The Elf's tender smile acquired a faint tinge of sadness, but it immediately disappeared, not without Renny noticing. "Well, then I can say that I know how to dance the ... waltz." he said, although in his delicious voice there was a slight tone of sadness Renny laughed. "No doubt." she said "do we come back?" Glorfindel's Elven-eyes saw a slight sparkle and he picked up the clasp that had held back Renny's hair. It had fallen and he offered it to her now. "Oh! Thanks." she said" but I will not put it back. I do not know what I was thinking about using it." Glorfindel looked at her blankly. "Gilornel asked me to use it." she replied. "Shall we go back?" The Elf lord offered her his arm again and said smiling. "Please allow me the privilege of taking you by the arm, my lady, especially from this beautiful dance" Renny rolled her eyes, but nevertheless she took his arm. As they walked Glorfindel said at last. "Perhaps one day, I may teach the dance of Vanyar." Renny tilted her head. "That is?" Glorfindel swallowed. "It is the dance of the moonlight, of the swans, of the Blessed Realms. It is the dance of my kin, a hundred of the Eldar reaching for the stars, and missing only by a hands-breadth. Or even the dance of the Noldor, more sedate." Renny looked at him, and nodded. They found the dance over in the courtyard, and the Elves in the Hall of Fire. "Are you going to stay?" The Elf asked. "Yes, you know that I love stories." replied Renny. The Hall of Fire held an enchantment for her, a golden haze, a sweet song, everything beautiful, soft clear voices speaking of tales long ago forgotten by all but them. Glorfindel smiled at her, and turned to go. "Hey! Where are you going? "She asked, lowering her voice. . "I'm going to walk for a while," he said. "Soon I'll be back" "What 'little time' are we talking about? Of the Elves or of the men? "She inquired. , Glorfindel smiled. "Of the men." answered Renny made a gesture. "You are going to miss all these wonderful stories, and-" She pouted. "I cannot understand if no one will explain them." Glorfindel nodded. "Do not worry. I'll be back in time to explain everything you want." He barely lost sight of Renny when he heard a well-known voice saying, "I thought you'd be at the dance. Many were the ones who sought you " Glorfindel turned and saw Lord Elrond emerging from the shadows. The warrior of Gondolin rolled his eyes at the thought that, surely, those 'many' who had sought him were, if not all ellith , the vast majority surely was. "I was with Lady Renny." he replied. Lord Elrond inclined his head. "I assumed that." "She was teaching me to dance." Lord Elrond raised a skeptical eyebrow. Teaching him to dance? Lord Glorfindel could dance perfectly! "She was teaching me to dance the... waltz" explained "The waltz is a type of dance on Earth" Lord Elrond nodded slowly. "And why was she teaching you?" the Peredhel asked after a moment. "Because I asked. I saw her, while everyone danced happily, she was sitting just watching and, although she smiled, I realized that she was not enjoying it as much as this celebration should be enjoyed. So, I asked her to teach me an Earth dance and she taught me how to dance the waltz." replied Glorfindel quickly. Lord Elrond had been watching his companion as he explained what had happened, and realized that when he told her that Renny had taught him to dance waltz and about that strange dance called 'The Waltz of Beauty and the Beast', his eyes had shone with a unique light, and he recognized it. He recognized the light from the eyes of his wife. "It is dangerous for those of our race to love a female human," he said seriously, "Especially for those who are like you. Love for a fíriel can be our downfall." Lord Glorfindel, who had been staring at the stars, turned to Lord Elrond upon hearing this. "Then ... I'm already doomed," he said. "Because I love her" Obviously everybody had recognized the song Renny sings: 'The Waltz of the Beauty and the Beast'