his thoughts aloud, but there was a definite sad tone to his voice. Tinuial lowed his arms, releasing the tension in the bow string as he glanced up into Legolas' mournful gaze. "So I have been told many times... Some times it is hard to hear such things, for I still greatly miss him. He admired you greatly, did you know?" Surprise filled the prince's deep blue eyes. Tinuial looked away, off into the distance, a pensive expression on his face. "He would have done and did do every thing in his power to keep you safe..." The young elf whispered quietly, his voice thick with emotions. He took a deep breath and turned back to meet Legolas' tear-filled gaze, smiling sadly. "I may miss him, but deep in my heart I know he is always here with me. He's in the air, the trees, the sky... he lingers in the stars at night, and in the breezes that dance on the prairies... "He is always beside me, for I carry him with me every where, deep inside my heart." Tinuial placed a hand over his heart. "And I know with every fibre of my being, that he would hate for you to lament his passing... for truly, Legolas, it is not so much as that we lost him, as really he has just gone on ahead of us." Legolas shifted his gaze away from the earnest one of Siltathar's younger brother, and shutting his eyes he felt the tears inside of them leak out, but he did not care. "It amazes me, Tinuial, that you do not loathe me..." "Why should I?" "I am the cause of your brother's death. If it were not for me, you would still be able to speak to your brother; he would still be here for you." "I could never loathe you... besides, Siltathar died for you for a reason, and why would I hate the reason he choose to die for? Aside from you being my prince and a friend, and therefore I could not despise you, but I can also respect my brother and what he choose to die for. His reasons for dying are of the most highest and more honourable than anything else I can think of. If he layed his life down for you, that speaks highly of you as well." Tinuial placed his hand gently on Legolas' arm, trying to reach the other elf. Slowly, the prince's gaze met Tinuial's and he found there only the upmost of sincerity. "Thank you, Tinuial, your friendship means much to me." "As does yours." For a moment they stood in silence, before Tinuial finally spoke up once more. "I think it might be time to return, people will begin to miss us as the celebrations begin to take off... and their prince will be most notably missed. Come." Turning, the other elf tugged slightly on Legolas' arm, gently urging the elf to follow him. Legolas followed, his mind spinning with everything spoken between the two of them. As they drew closer to the palace and other houses, soft music surrounded them. Words were carried gently on the breeze. " We two have run about the hills, And pulled the wild daisies fine, But we've wandered many a weary foot, Since days long ago. We two have paddled in the stream, From morning to noon, But seas between us broad have roared Since days long ago. And there's a hand, my trusty friend, And give me a hand of thine, And we'll take a good-will long drink, For days long ago." The blond-haired elf found his heart accepting Tinuial's words, and for the first time in a long time, Legolas found his heart coming to peace. Those lost may not be there with them any more in the strictest sense, but as long as they were remembered then they were always going to be with their friends and family. And one day, when everything had been completed - and things were as Siltathar had said they would be - all of Eru's children would be reunited. " Should old acquaintance be forgot, And never brought to mind? Should old acquaintance be forgot, And days long ago?" The End A/N: The Bay Lynx is a less common name for the Bobcat; I thought that 'Bobcat' might look a little strange in a Lord of the Rings' story, so I used its occasional name. I did not write 'Days Long Ago' just so you know; I cannot recall at this time who did, but it was a long, long time ago that it was written. This story is in honour of all of those friends I have lost over the years. They will always be here in my heart, and my memories; I will never forget their pluses and minuses, and remember how they handled things. Also, this story is dedicated to my Grandfather who died last Feb., and even though I had only met him on a few select occasions and he never really had taken an interest in us grandchildren, his absence will always be felt and I will still miss him. As for the names in the story, for those of you who are curious: Mothran - moth means 'dusk' and ran means 'wander, stray' so I consider his name to mean 'Wandering dusk', however I am no expert and only guessed at how to create a name such as this. Pardon any mistakes, if you would be so generous. Aglarion - aglar means 'glory, brilliance' and I just added a proper masculine ending. Lhachien - lhach means 'leaping flame' and I added a proper masculine ending. Aron - ar means 'high, noble, royal' and I added a proper masculine ending. Siltathar - sil means 'shine (with white or silver light)' and tathar means 'willow', so I consider it to be 'Shining Willow'. Tinuial - tin means 'sparkle' and uial means 'twilight', and I consider it to be 'Sparkling Twilight'.