it, and drank wassail and talked unobtrusively as they watched to see what amusing things would transpire beneath its boughs. Many a couple did indeed find themselves beneath the plant, some it would be accidently and neighbors would gayly point out what had happened, others it was intentional. Nevertheless, the two friends found the sights to be most endearing; it warmed the heart. "Say, Aragorn, would you like to try and get your brothers beneath the plant?" "Yes, yes!" "Let's start with Elrohir, who should we catch him under there with?" "Hmmm... There is one of the kitchen maids, Faelwen, who is sweet on him. I don't know if they do like each other, but they have flirted a time or two." "Perfect. And Elladan?" "Uh... Um... hmm...," "You don't know anyone, do you?" Legolas enquired. "He hasn't ever shown interest in any one, that I recall." "Very well, let's get Elrohir and Faelwen to be found beneath the mistletoe." "Easier said then done." With that they split up, trying to trap the unsuspecting two. It was hard considering Faelwen was a part of the kitchen staff, but Legolas finally convinced her she needed to join them for a drink for a few minutes. Aragorn had the easier task of getting Elrohir's attention, and then the two friends casually inched the ellon and elleth in the same direction. Elhadril leaned against the balustrade and stared down into the hall below, where the villagers and elves mingled and talked, drank and ate to their hearts content. She frowned when her sharp eyes found the sly movements of Aragorn and Legolas, and she had to wonder at what they were doing. Her thoughts were interrupted by someone stepping up beside her. "You should be down there, socializing." Glorfindel told her. Elhadril sighed. "I am not sure I like crowds, though." "Come now, you have spent many a day this year with these village people. They are not a crowd, they are a gathering of friends." Glorfindel grabbed her arm and turned her away from the private view of the room and gently pushed her toward the stairway that led down there. "Go." "And what about you?" Ril glanced back over her shoulder as she complied to his command. "I shall be down there soon enough." Ril sighed and began her decent down the stairs, not knowing what would happen when she set foot inside that hall. "What?!" Elrohir asked in shock, as those around him pointed out where him and Faelwen stood. He looked at Legolas and Aragorn who had all too innocent smiles on their faces, and he glared. "You can stand there for however long you wish, and risk offending the lady, but you will not get out of it, Elrohir. It is tradition, and you of all people should appreciate that." Legolas pointed out. Elrohir stood dumbfounded for several moments, wondering why they had chosen him to pull such a prank on instead of his brother. What got to him the most was that they had gone behind his back when doing it, not even really the fact that they had done it. "I think he needs encouragement." Aragorn muttered to Legolas. Something at the corner of his vision caught Legolas' attention and he smiled. "Shall it help, Ro, if I join you?" The blond elf took several steps and grabbed Elhadril's arm. He pulled her beneath the branch and saluted her in all proper decorum. Those that knew Legolas well were quite surprised at the display; none more so then Elhadril herself. When he pulled back, there was a bright smile on the elf's face, and Aragorn was sure that the joy of the season had gone to his friend's head. "Oh, um..." Elhadril stuttered, now that the kiss was broken she was suddenly very much aware of everyone that was watching. "I... I have a drama I have to get the children ready for." She hoped she had not offended Legolas, but she did not know what to say and was quite embarrassed; she wanted to get away from all of the staring people, and she did need to get those children ready. "Very well, my lady." Legolas spread out his arm to allow her to pass. "Thank you." She whispered as she slipped past. "Did Legolas just--" Elladan began. "Yes." Elrond interjected; they both stared across the hall at what had transpired. "And your brother--" This time it was Elladan who interrupted Elrond, "What?" He gasped. "With Faelwen? I knew it!" "Knew what?" Elrond raised an eyebrow. "I knew he liked her!" Dan exclaimed. "I certainly hope your brother doesn't make a habit of it though; it is not quite proper to kiss a female before marriage, as any respectable person would tell you." A young woman nearby told Elladan, and Elrond nodded in agreement. "I am sure he won't." Elladan quickly declared. "Since it is Yule and he was caught beneath the mistletoe... I am certain that is the only reason why he saluted her in such a manner." With a lingering glance at his father, Elladan made his way toward his brother. Elladan arrived at that side of the hall in time to hear Aragorn say to Legolas as he rejoined him, "I did not know you liked Elhadril." ...The End... A/N: Ithel Brenin is Celtic/Gealic for 'generous king'. Well, really 'ithel' means generous or lord, but I choose it to mean just generous in this story. If it is Elvish for something else, I will change it. I just ran out of time to do that kind of editing, and I had really wanted to get this in time. I am thinking about adding an epilogue, but we'll see how that goes. That last scene - with Legolas kissing Elhadril - I honestly have NO idea where that came from. I just let the story type itself, and look where it got me. Please don't call it a mary-sue, was not my intention!