know that? Imagine that, Trish! Elves!" Aragorn laughed at Adin's outburst. "Yes, I guess you could say I am fortunate." The talk simmered down, and the meal quickly passed. Wiping his mouth on his napkin, Adin looked at the ranger. "I am afraid, Strider, that I must go back out to the field. Harvest is not quite over, and that is where I have been. Since I did not come back expecting to meet you here, I left tools out in the field. I need to get them in and then we can talk… if you do not mind the wait?" "Of course not." "Good and thank you for understanding." "It's not a problem, really." After Adin left, Trish set about cleaning up the remains of the meal, and getting Aideen cleaned from her own rather messy meal. With nothing else to do, Aragorn stepped outside onto the porch for a smoke. After a few minutes, the door behind him opened and someone walked up beside him. "You gonna talk to my pa about the ghosts?" Daryn asked quietly. Aragorn took a deep breath and looked up at the boy. "Yes." "Thank you, Strider." The youth sat down. "Maybe you can convince them that they are in danger..." He stifled a sigh at the child's statement; he was not here to convince the lad's parents that there were ghosts skulking around them, lying in wait to kill them. From what he could see, the home was serene and there was no sign of spirits hanging around. Daryn was either messed up in the head or there were neighbouring boys playing tricks on him, for the lad was rooted firmly in the belief that he was haunted. Trish came out of the house then, halting any possible conversation. "Daryn, why don't you run along now and go visit the Hannen's, take them the nutbread I made today and the basket I had you prepare earlier?" "Yes, ma'am." The youngster ran into the house; he ran back out a few minutes later with a basket in his hand and left down the lane him and Strider had traversed beforehand. Trish soughed as she watched her son run off. "He didn't used to be like this... talking of ghosts and such." She took a seat in one of the porch chairs. Aragorn silently got up off the steps and took a seat near her as she spoke. "He is quite a bright young lad, and his father and me were always proud of him. He was quick to obey and please, minding his manners and looking out for his younger sister when she was born." Trish let out another sigh. "Now... now, all he talks about is spirits. He is jumpy and terrified, and..." she paused and shook her head. "Ever since Adin took him to the sepulchre... where Adin's forefathers are buried," she added to make it clearer. "Adin took the lad there so that he knew where the place was, to remember to lay him there to rest when he died. Not more than two days later Daryn was going on about ghosts and every day after. That was two weeks ago." A deep frown contorted Aragorn's face as he stared at the ground and let the information just sink in. Several moments passed before he heard someone approaching. He looked up expecting to see Adin and saw... Nothing. Aragorn frowned. He knew he had heard someone coming this way, but there was not a person in sight, except for Trish who was sitting next to him. Shaking his head, he returned his attention to all of the information she had given him, and everything he could remember Daryn saying and doing. Then he heard it. He knew it was the sound of someone coming. He knew it for certain this time. He looked up. No one was there. Ai, everything he had been thinking about, ghosts and tombs and Daryn's claims of the spirits of dead people walking the earth, was really starting to get to him. He was hearing things. It was his mind playing tricks on him because of the nature of the subject he had been dwelling upon. Once more he heard someone walking, and looking up Aragorn once more saw no one. 'Stop it!' he silently chided himself. He glanced at Trish. She was idly staring off into space, unconcerned. 'There is no one there, no one is walking around. You are imagining things!' Step. Step. Step. No one. Aragorn closed his eyes and took a deep breath. 'Stop freaking out about this. You are hearing things! No one is there while there is the sound because it is all just your mind! Snap out of it!' Step. Swish. Step. The sound had changed as if someone was walking through flowers and long grass, but Aragorn ignored it. He looked once more to Trish, who had produced some sewing from somewhere and was working, completely unfazed. Swish. Step. Swish. Step. Swish. Step. Swish. Step. Swish. Aragorn finally looked up again, and once more saw no one. When he was about to get up and go into the house, he saw something that set his heart beating at a fast pace. Step. Swish. Step. A clump of flowers about fifty yards away, it was moving. It was moving as if someone was walking through its midst. But no one was there. No trees were near it, so no one could be hiding in the shadows. It was in the light, no shadows over it, nothing. The wind was only a slight breeze. The flowers continued to part. Not a soul was in sight. -- ...To Be Continued... -- Translations: annui: western fein: white More coming soon! I will post the next part on Halloween. Look for it coming!! Well, that is, I might decide to hold off posting more if I don't get reviews! XD Come on, though, I need feedback! It encourages me to write more!