moment, he was out in fresh air, coughing and gasping for breath. Legolas hauled the wizard several more feet away until they were clear of the cave-in. The screeching of spiders was drowned out by the clamor of boulders, and the last arachnid was squashed in the final collapse, only its spindly legs and a puddle of black ichor oozing out from under the pile. Gandalf let out a heavy sigh of relief and sagged against a tree. He glanced at Legolas. "See? We not only escaped, but those spiders will no longer harass your borders." The elf prince rolled his eyes, and then promptly slumped to the ground. Gandalf frowned; that strengthening spell hadn't lasted very long. He straightened, only to find his shoulder, leg, and ribs achy and bruised. Pursing his lips, Gandalf scanned the surrounding forest. The spiders had carried them quite a bit to reach the base of the Mirkwood mountains. He knelt beside Legolas. "How long until the venom has lost its potency?" "A few hours." The elf reached up to rub his shoulder, which Gandalf noticed had a puncture wound through a hole in the tunic, and the flesh underneath was swollen and purple. It wasn't fatal, but the stinger's bite looked ugly and painful. "The sooner we return you to your father's halls, the better." He slipped Legolas's knife back in its sheath, and then pulled the prince's uninjured arm over his shoulder and hefted him to his feet. Gandalf's muscles twinged, eliciting a pained grunt. "Do not strain yourself, Mithrandir." "I am not a doddering old man," he retorted, and took a shuffling step forward. Legolas's lips twitched. "I would never say that. But you are injured." "Scratches and bruises. Hardly anything to fuss over." Gandalf waved his staff dismissively, but quickly set it down again to help brace his weight. He considered lighting the crystal again to aid their path; though it was still mid-day, this deep in the forest everything was dark, the sky and direct sunlight completely blotted out by a thick canopy of gnarled branches and twisting leaves. However, he did not want to draw the attention of any other spiders that might be around. "Thank you," Legolas said after several moments of silence. Gandalf's beard twitched with a small smile, though the prince couldn't see it as he was focused on putting one foot in front of the other. "You came to my rescue first; I was simply repaying the favor. Although," he mused. "I'm not sure your father will see it that way." Legolas grimaced. "You can leave me at the south gate, if you wish. I can make it back on my own from there." "Don't be ridiculous," Gandalf huffed. "Even if you could walk steadily on your own, I would not dispatch you so callously, Greenleaf. And," he added haughtily. "I am not afraid of Thranduil." Legolas smirked. "No? You seemed pretty hasty to leave after that time your fireworks caught on the drapes." Gandalf shot him a dubious and mildly offended look. "That was over two millennia ago when you were still an elfling!" "You know elves have long memories." "Then you should remember it was you who begged for a display indoors since, and I quote, 'the trees would violently object'." Legolas flashed him a grin. "Wizards have long memories too, I see. Father still blamed you though." Gandalf harrumphed. "Yes, well, in his eyes you could do no wrong." Legolas fell silent, gaze on the ground. "That was then," he said quietly, perhaps to himself, but Gandalf heard. "Have you done something to displease him?" the wizard asked curiously. Legolas had the temper and pride of his father, though he was also unreservedly obedient as a Mirkwood captain serving his king. In fact, there were a few isolationist beliefs Gandalf would like to weed from the prince in the near future…and that could certainly cause conflict within the royal family. But as he'd said, he wasn't afraid of the elven king. Much. "Legolas?" Gandalf prompted when the prince didn't respond, and drew them to a stop to check on the elf's condition. Though weak and pale, he didn't appear on the verge of collapse, merely sinking into his mind and whatever sullen thoughts lay there. Legolas shook his head. "It was my responsibility to clear that nest, in which I failed. It is my duty to protect our home, and every day I lose a little more ground." He held up his hand to stave off an interruption. "I know what you would say. We are doing all we can. Yet it is not enough, Gandalf. The Shadow grows, and I must stand in my father's halls and tell him our borders are shrinking, that we must retreat further. I see the disappointment in his eyes." "Not towards you," Gandalf said sharply. "I am sure that as much as you blame yourself, Thranduil's frustration is equally directed inward." Honestly, the two were so alike. "Neither of you deserve the circumstances life has thrown at you, but do not give up hope, Legolas. There will come a day when you need not pick up the knife and bow to walk joyously under the trees." "Is that foresight you speak with?" Legolas asked ruefully. Gandalf smiled. "Faith. And one is not even required to have very much of it. The size of a mustard seed is sufficient to emerge victorious." He tugged the elf forward once more, letting Legolas mull over those words. It was several long moments before the prince spoke again. " Le hannon ." Gandalf smiled, hearing the thanks encompass more than just the wizard's encouragement. "You are welcome, Greenleaf." Perhaps Gandalf would stay in Mirkwood for a few days. His errand to Erebor could be postponed. And yes, Thranduil would likely be furious when he saw the wizard limping in with his wounded son, but Gandalf could handle the king's ire. Sometimes friendship was more important than temporary discomforts.