the cellar, being underground and the stream in the room over, help me to beat the heat of the summer's ferocity." "I understand." Elrond nodded and turned the boy towards a flight of steps. "Let's go find those strays and then you can continue your studies." "Yes, Ada." Estel mounted the stairs in front of his father, feeling the welcome cool of the cellar fall away to be replaced by the warmth of the late June air as they drew closer to the upper levels. Pushing the door open at the top of the staircase, the two emerged into the kitchen, and Estel was fully greeted by the heat of the summer. "Ada?" "What is it, ion-nin?" Elrond closed the door behind them. "Was there ever a summer that was this hot before? Maybe one that I was here for?" There was a vague memory playing in his mind and he wanted to see if he was right. Elrond thought about it for a long moment, staring off out a window, unmoving. "You must remember, Estel, that elves do not notice the weather changes in such drastic ways as humans. However, keeping in mind that if one were human, I would say that there was a fairly warm summer here when you were five; a strong heat wave from the south blew in, I believe. You asked to go swimming a lot that summer, and would disappear for hours to play in some cool area. Looking back now, I can see you were trying to escape the heat." "Ah, maybe that was the summer…" Estel frowned. "I have this vague impression of playing down in the cellar, but it's more just images than an actual memory. I just know what was going on, as opposed to remembering it all. It's hard to explain." "I think I can understand what you mean," Elrond smiled slightly. "Though with elven memories it is not at all the same." Estel nodded. "All I know is it was very hot, in the middle of summer, it was cool in the cellar, and I was playing a game. I have a few images to accompany this knowledge, but that's it." "There was a time when you were five that I found you in the cellar." Elrond began to explain as the two started to leave the kitchen. "You were playing 'orcs and goblins' or some rendition thereof. I believe you called it 'save the day' and you constructed a whole setup in the cellar for the bad guys' hideout." Elrond's smile grew as Estel blushed at the recollection of his childish games. "You had a very vivid imagination, and converted the whole cellar for your game. I believe the staff had trouble for several weeks trying to find everything, as you had managed to rearrange quite a bit down there." The elf wrapped an arm around his son's shoulders. "This went on for quite awhile, for you had gotten Elladan and Elrohir to help you move things in the cellar and you spent quite a bit of time that summer down there; when you weren't off playing in water, that is." Estel felt the heat on his face, but couldn't help the smile on his visage. His father wore a wide grin. As father and son walked out of the kitchen, they met Faelwen in the hall. She smiled at the two, giving a polite dip of her head in deference. "Where are you off to, young master?" She teased Estel. "I thought for sure you'd be pestering me to let you help make sun tea." The teenager laughed at the thought. "I would, and you know, if you make any, I want to help sweeten it." "Of course," Faelwen laughed. Elrond had to chuckle. Estel absolutely loved sun tea, and it was made specially for him most times. The twins and Elrond didn't mind a cup, either, but Faelwen liked to make Estel feel as if she made it just for him. Oft times she did, but still… "However," the teen continued. "I cannot at this time, as I have to retrieve my arrows I forgot to get this morning." "Alright," Faelwen passed the two on her way towards the kitchens. She turned to face them before entering. "While you're outside, why don't you check on the batch I started this morning?" She grinned as that statement lit Estel's eyes up. "It's by the wall, as you know, where it stays sunny all day. I'm fairly sure it's ready to be sweetened." Her eyes sparkled secretively. "What kind did you make?" Estel asked eagerly, a happy smile on his face. "I made the peach tea, this time." With that, the elleth turned and entered the kitchen, leaving the two behind in the hall. "Yes!" Estel grinned and turned around. "I love sun tea." "I know you do," Elrond laughed at his child's exuberance. "Once you gather the arrows and return them, you may assist Faelwen, but if you have any more studies, I want you to finish those, too, alright?" "Yes, Ada," the boy nodded. "Very good," Elrond turned to go. "If you see Glorfindel or one of your brothers, make sure you let them know that you know about the arrows and are taking care of the situation." "I will." Estel was about to go his own way too when he remembered something. "Ada?" "Yes, Estel?" Elrond stopped and looked back at his son, still standing in the middle of the hallway. "What do you know about the Iron Hills?" "Why?" "Oh, I was just wondering…" The teen hedged. Then he relented with a sigh, "I was talking with Legolas, and he said something," Estel paused. "I decided I wanted to learn about the Iron Hills." He shrugged noncommittally. Elrond hid a smile at the way Estel hesitated over speaking about this subject. Elladan was right. Legolas had put the boy up to the Iron Hills affair. It was so very typical. The End