they make its hold weaken. Life is what you deserve and not even death itself can deprive you of it. Death will soon pass, and you have nothing to fear." A soft smile crossed her lips, cracking dried tear tracks and quietening the contours of her face, as though at last, she had found a place to relax into, found rest and hope and -perchance- healing. As her breathing evened out and her fear faded, she began to relax…and felt her life fade a little more. She desperately clung to what was left…could she really leave her family? Could it be, at last, she might come into her rest instead? " It is time to leave." A weathered striver's understanding. "It is time to come home…." Come home…Home…. Peace at last descended upon her, as though wrapping her up in a thick blanket. She had come into this life struggling for her life, but she left it with, not defeat, but quiet, serene victory. -0- This girl's seen a lot of pain, But this girl's gonna smile again. —This Girl by Nikki Flores Everything faded away; she left it all behind as she fled to where she was finally allowed to, into freedoms she could never remember experiencing. It was not until she registered the dark around her that she paused. Had she really run right into the arms of death, into this darkness? Fear curled around her, but for only a moment. She shook off its hold with a quiet, unshakeable knowing that it did not belong and held no relevance. There was this crushing silence, accompanied by a complete and utter stillness—not a breath of wind stirred, not a single noise in the quiet surrounding her. Everything occurred to her as being as still, dark, and silent as…the dead. Time had never had a total lack of meaning as it did now. Yesterday, today, tomorrow…past, present, future…what did these words mean? They had no meaning. It was like time did not exist…indeed, it did not, for she had passed beyond its oppressive confines. And in this moment, which stretched on forever or passed in what we know as a blink of an eye, she rested secure in her waiting, such as it was or was not. The whispered words of a hospital bed's stay -which even now, the concept of pain was beginning to recede, but oh so slowly- echoed around in her mind. She could get through this. Then she saw it, in the distance. A glow on the horizon, a light in the darkness. Oh, it fought—indeed, the darkness fought tooth and nail, but it had no jurisdiction, and its fight was a losing— lost battle. There was a shoreline, a life, a place… and Death lost its hold on her as night lost its control on the world -such as it was- around her with an audible snap of a sound, as though a soundproof veil had been torn asunder with an instant success. Steadily growing cheering, joy…a beach grew before her eyes. People…there were people everywhere, among them were those she knew to be her ancestors, late friends, early lives, and predecessors—all scattered across a coastline of beautiful, pure white. She did not recognise every face, but she felt she knew them all already. They were close to her heart somehow and, most incredibly, she was close to theirs. People gathered, crowded close to the shoreline as she stepped foot upon it, and hands were outstretched to her, smiles on every shining face. All the cheering, all the rejoicing—pride, utter joy, unrequited, unbridled love. Tears filled her eyes, tracking down her face. To be here, at last. To be free. To be Home. To be loved . "Do not weep." Stepping from the crowd, he grasped her left hand in a shake, his other grasping her elbow in a symbol of greeting and respect. And as he did so, Aragorn continued, "You have always been loved, dear heart." Another hand was laid on her shoulder and the blond elf smiled kindly as he greeted her. "Let go of the pain of the past, for it holds no more sway here. Here, there is total and complete freedom. Step into the peace of the present." She glanced between the two, speechless with joy, numbed by thought, and dumbfounded by bliss. "Deirdre, sorrowful…" Aragorn commented, speaking her name, translating its meaning, and the two ancient friends exchanged a look. "This does not fit you anymore." "You are in need of a more fitting name." Legolas agreed, nodding at her. "You are a victorious one." "Indeed!" Aragorn grinned. "Kelilah, Túrmineth. Victory over sorrow, triumph over pain—" "—peace in truth, strength in joy. Victorious." Legolas's face shown with such a light she had never seen before. "Welcome home, Túrmineth." The two swept out their arms and stepped aside. Behind them, she could see, as though just appearing but it seemed to her to have been there always, a rich green field, bustling with people, with plants, animals…with life . It was so full, so pure, so alive. A song had risen around her as she took in her new home…but it was not new in the strictest sense of the word, for it had always been hers. And among the words raised in triumph, in joy, she could catch the sentiment most oft repeated, "Kelilah, Túrmineth—for she has won her battle; she has conquered. She is a victorious one." She was so full of joy, of hope, of light, and life. She had found what she had always sought for and she settled at last into the finding. On these far, distant, brilliant shores, this was paradise. "Welcome home, My Child." That voice, that sweet, sweet voice… She closed her eyes and let her heart burst with the life and joy and love it brought her. A smile erupted across her face, and in that moment she came into her full. She was loved…she belonged. She was Home.