not seem entirely yourself, though I cannot say that as fact since I do not know you." "And you seem to know a lot about the Firstborn and yet you are not one of us." I drop my voice low to assure that none other than my companion hears me. The mortal reaches into a hidden pocket and pulls out a pipe, promptly stuffing it with pipeweed and lighting it. Taking a long pull on his smoke, the human relaxes even more into his chair - and yet somehow I get the feeling that he is still on his guard, keeping a sharp eye on the going-ons in the tavern around us. The light from his pipe dimly lights his face beneath the hood and I get a glimpse for the first time of his strong features and intense gray eyes. "Would it surprise you over much if I told you I was raised among Elves?" This is not the response I am expecting - though to be honest I do not know what kind of answer I had anticipated - and I blink dumbly for several seconds before gathering my thoughts. "This news surprises me greatly, for I was not aware that my people associated so with your own." And yet somehow, his explanation makes sense. A can barely see a wry grin around his pipe at my words. "You are associating with me." "Maybe so... but I meant that I had not known that one of my people would raise a mortal." It is only after these words leave my mouth, that I realise they may offend him. Ai, Valar! Why can I not keep the things I will regret saying to myself? I am experiencing such confusion, and I think this may be affecting how I am treating people. Or maybe I am out of my mind, for it certainly feels as if I am not really here but rather watching everything through a stranger's eyes instead of my own. Sure enough, I can now feel his intent gaze watching me closely. "I have to wonder what it is about Humans that you hold against us." "That is my own concern." "I think it might make it mine in a way, seeing as you seem to hold the race of Men in such high prejudices and I am one of them." "And I do not feel like talking of them at this time. Besides, I do not even know your name." Our conversation is interrupted then as the bartender makes his way over to us and inquires as to what drink we strangers would like to have. "House brew." Is the reply from the human beside me. I glance sharply up at him from beneath my own hood, not sure I want to even taste whatever the 'house brew' may be. The stranger glances my way before turning back to the bartender. "And my friend will take a white wine." The bartender raises an eyebrow at this, but does not question us. I turn my gaze back to the man beside me, curious once more as to how he would know to get me something else. "Strider... you can call me Strider." He mutters and stares off across the room at the fire; at first I am confused, until I realise he is picking up the thread of our earlier conversation. After a moment, Strider returns his gaze to me. "And you?" "You can call me..." I am not sure I want him to know my real name just yet - besides, I can sense that he has not told me his real name either. Then again, what should I tell him to call me? Suddenly, a name bounces into mind. "Baimeldir." Strider raises an eyebrow at this, but I just give him a wry grin. "Very well." He replies. ----------- Time Jump: Year 1 of the Fourth Age ------------ "That is how you met?" Elrohir asks. I smile and nod my response before letting my gaze drift to the fire. Elladan, Elrohir, Arwen, Aragorn and myself are all relaxing in one of the halls of Minas Tirith. We have all been sharing stories for some time now, and letting the toll of the War of the Ring wash away and allowing restoration to set in. My gaze returns to my friends as Arwen shifts deeper into Aragorn's hold and tilts her head to smile up at him. "You never told me how you met." "You never asked," is Aragorn's rejoinder, before sending a sly smile my way. "I never knew it would be a story that would interest you." Arwen lets out a disapproving sound and lightly slaps the newly crowned King's arm. "And why would it not interest me, Estel?" "Oh, I don't know." Strider shrugs noncommittally, and I have to laugh at my friends. "Well, I am glad you two met... Your friendship has meant something drastic to you both and has saved you, I can see." Arwen's voice has turned serious, and her look is far away. Aragorn glances down at his wife, before his gaze travels to meet mine, and we both nod. After a moment, Arwen seems to return to this room and she smiles once more up at Aragorn. "You put wings upon a flightless heart, my love." "He did indeed." I whisper. Strider's gaze locks with mine, searching my eyes for the truth behind my words. A moment passes before he smiles - and then a comfortable silence falls among us all. "So, when did you find out who each other really was, Legolas?" Elladan turns towards me and asks, his eyes alight with interest. I raise my wine glass to him, and nod my head towards him. "That, my friend, is a story for another day." The End A/N: 'Baimeldir', from what I was able to gather, means 'fair friend'. I am sure knowing what the name means enables that part of the story to make more sense.