Aragorn, it seemed to him that all his pain and his weariness and even the cold were lifted from his body. He opened his eyes slowly, and before him was a vision of a place far, far away, and yet close for Aragorn was in its midst. The woods that had seemed so lifeless before were now beautiful beyond words. He gazed upon the green country, and he saw the trees in undimmed glory, taller and greener than what could be real, and the grass was filled with wildflowers. The trees and the grass and the sky all shone with the same radiance, the brilliant glow that seemed to shine out of their very being. The light grew stronger until filled Aragorn's eyes, but he did not close them for it was beautiful. From a distance it seemed suddenly that a shape was forming, as if crafted from the light itself. The shape darkened and came closer, and Aragorn knew who it was. Before him was Lord Elrond, but it was not the elf he had pictured before in a gilded chair. Instead it was the person who had cared for him in his youth and whom Aragorn loved as a father. There were tears in his elf's eyes as he looked upon him, the boy he had raised to the man, and Elrond bowed his head to Aragorn with the reverence and respect befitting a King. Just as it came, the image seemed to fade and another started to form. Aragorn turned his eyes, and there was his mother lying before him. She was old and her face was lined, for the years of care and sorrow had withered Gilraen before her time. She raised her hand to touch Aragorn's cheek and he could see the pride in her eyes, and the depth of love that she held for her child. She looked at him and smiled, and Aragorn saw that she had found her peace at last. Her image faded as Lord Elrond's had, and Aragorn turned his eyes to see the one he had been waiting for. Raven hair flew behind her as she ran to him, an image of the maiden he had seen in his youth, to whom he had called "Tinuviel, Tinuviel!". He caught her in his arms and raised her up. Her face was unchanged by the years, and her beauty was heightened by motherhood, for Aragorn heard children and he knew they were his. His hair was grey, but the joy in his face was unmistakable as he gazed upon the woman Aragorn knew was his wife. And Aragorn's heart was filled with love, as he gazed on their faces, until it felt as if it would burst from his chest. The images in front of him paled until they were again part of the light, but the memory of their faces stayed, and the love he felt did not lessen. As he thought of them, he became aware of his body, and took a long breath. The light parted and was pulled back from his vision like a curtain from a stage. He was lying in the snow again, looking up in the bright stars of the night, and the black branches over him. But the light did not leave when it lifted from his vision. It seemed to Aragorn that it seeped into his body through his eyes, through his opened lips, through his very skin, until it was contained inside of him. He felt it reach to the very tips of his fingers and his toes, and it spread a new vigor through his body. He breathed again, and rose up to sit on the snow. As he sat up, a flash of color caught his eye. On the top of a little hill behind him was the smallest amount of green. He must have passed it by when he had been walking before. Aragorn staggered to his feet, and made his way towards it. He could see the leaf clearly now, wavering gently in the wind, for it stood out vividly from the dark tree behind it. It was pale, the new green of a new leaf. Then Aragorn knew the answer to his question. The leaves did not grow back, for there was no coming back after this hard time, but they grew anew. Aragorn stumbled over a snow drift, but pushed himself up to continue towards the leaf. Was it even real? How could it be real? But it felt intensely important, more important than anything he had ever done, that Aragorn reach it, and he knew the Light inside of him was pulling him towards it. The leaf was young and small, but to Aragorn it seemed more beautiful than even the vision of the far green country that had come to him, for this leaf had survived the winter and come back the stronger for it. There was no going back for Aragorn, for years had passed and his youth was gone, but there was going forward. His years had been spent nobly, protecting the people he loved and fulfilling his duty. He had seen his future, and it was all the sweeter for the hardships he endured now. Aragorn toiled up the hill, and his limbs shook beneath him, but the Light kept him going and pulled him towards the leaf. He fell into a snow drift, but he pushed onward, pressing on ever towards the leaf. Whatever it took, he realized, he would do whatever it took to truly be with them again, and it would be worth it. If he toiled for the rest of his life to create a peaceful world for them, it would be worth it. Aragorn fell to his knees in front of the leaf, and as he reached out to touch it he saw from the corner of his eye, far below him, the twinkling lights of Rivendell, the Last Homely House East of the Sea.