"I am sorry. In my discomfort regarding what may await us in the depths of this place, I neglected to think on what it represents to you. Forgive me." Gimli shook his head – a rapid, guileless shake. For the first time, Legolas noticed how his hands were clasped, as if to combine anxiety and prayer. "I do not hold your disquiet against you, elf. Moria is truly a dreadful place. This, I cannot deny. I do not know how Balin and his contingent may have survived here. My hope for them is thin." Legolas drew a breath of iron-casted air and pulled a quiet into his lungs that was thick with the sense of death. "Were I in your place and had journeyed with hope to a kinland… only to find…" He stopped there, feeling the air swath between his teeth, for the remainder of words would not come. He blinked with that hard emotion in his chest, pushing through the catch in his ribs and grasping noiselessly at his voice. "Do you mourn, Dwarf Gimli?" "Aye," said the dwarf. Legolas swallowed, staring around again at the ruin. "Who will remember those who were here of your kin? I hear naught that sing of them. I hear nothing in this place. Perhaps it is what unnerves me so. There is no feeling here. Only evil. Who will remember them?" Gimli looked at him, long and steady. "I will," he said. Bowing his head, Legolas's heart crumpled, the ache sending a pulsing thrum deep into his bones. In the reverence of grief, he peered again at the destruction and decline, seeking with his gaze every minute detail he could imagine, working harder to see the wonder of what the dwarves once knew here. Shutting out the doom in the darkness and the tremor in his consciousness, he suddenly saw the city repair before him. Engraved stone, twined with mithril in relief, stood poised to catch and spread sheaths of light descending from wide, ingenious shafts. Crafted pillars, similar to those spoken about and left behind by the elves of Eregion, overtook the decaying supports along the cave walls. Arches and stairways wove themselves to clear beauty and purpose and the destitute stone he crouched on revealed the intricacies of the fineness it once knew. Legolas parted his mouth slightly at the wonderment, filling his lungs to capacity, as though the added air could keep the dream from fading. Flexing his fingers, he allowed the echo of loss to beat through to the tips as he made an aborted reach towards the illusion. He held back instead, lowering his hand until it touched reality, ghosting over the remaining carvings in the stone he crouched upon. Slowly, as the vision dissipated, he ran the sensitive surface of his touch along the intricate pattern. Deep they delved us… Fair they wrought us… High they builded us… But… Legolas swallowed. "The elves of Hollin once traded freely with your kin here," he whispered tightly. "There was truly friendship between the races once." Gimli took a breath but didn't speak. Legolas did not expect him to. Slowly, quietly – still mindful of disturbing that dark place trembling below – he began to sing, transferring the lament of the stones of Hollin into a new voice, spinning the soft melody in elvish, then into the common tongue for the sake of those listening – for some laments should be understood and remembered, that those lamented not pass away without note or acknowledgment. That some remnant might stand stronger than the evil that would overwrite them. Deep they delved us, fair they wrought us, high they builded us, but... They are gone. They are gone. He sang softly, steadily – teaching, as he could, the song to the stone, giving voice to all the grief he knew. As he continued, Gimli began his own lament, and as he was able, Legolas added what he could of it to his own voice, giving it over to the world around them while pressing his touch along the engraved patterns in his reach. The stone was slow to soak it in, for he was not their crafter, but it grasped at it just the same, emotion by emotion, measure by measure. The music was unable to spread far, and would only ever be heard or understood by few who tread this ground, but by the time he finished, it hummed strongly in the place where the fellowship would sleep for the night, the stone maintaining the melody easily, for the sorrow was already there. When Legolas truly felt the reverberation carrying through without him, he allowed his words to slip quietly silent and looked up. Gimli was watching him, eyes wet. "Thank you, kind elf," he said simply. Voice still trapped in the memory of the song, Legolas stayed silent, but carefully, he lifted his hand, pressed his palm to his heart and extended it towards the dwarf with sincerity. Kindly, and in a manner that seemed somehow kingly, Gimli smiled. Creating the same, familiar sensation his smile had gifted before. Legolas's heart beat warmly in response. He had never seen himself in a dwarf before. What a strange occurrence to happen so far underground. Carefully testing the motion of his ribs, he breathed out, and with an ache of joy, touched with some inexplicable measure of sorrow, he smiled back. Fin Long will I tarry, ere I begin this war for gold. Thranduil to Bard (The Hobbit) Final note: Though in both the book and film much of the friendship between Legolas and Gimli develops after Gimli meets Galadriel, it's always stood out to me that when Gimli was reluctant to leave Balin's tomb (in the book), Legolas was the one to drag him away. It made me wonder about the potential for a missing scene or moment between the two in the mines, where the friendship might have started to find its legs. For me, this was that.