of their end. That he would remember every bit of him. That they would remember this moment of their affection, and how they'd kept faith with one another. A long divide this one would be. Minutely, briefly, Legolas trembled. For the second time, Aragorn's heart nearly faltered. It is a gift , he heard Elros say again. Though bitter is the parting. It is a wondrous, joyous gift. The echo of music, of symphonic harmonies, grew keener in the air, and he felt the brightness of the otherworldly sun turning gold against his shoulders. Finally, he stepped back. He kept one hand threaded to the elf's shoulder and returned the other to Gimli's. The Three Hunters, as once they were. Legolas's eyes were dark and watery, while Gimli's held to a stoic sadness. This we will remember, thought Aragorn. This moment. Wherever we go to in our next journeys. This we will remember, and hold… Until the breaking of the world . At once, Legolas tightened his fingers over his shoulder, warmly, fiercely, then with a deep and visible breath, let him go. The music became both softer and sharper, grander still, and the way the elf tilted his head, it could almost seem to Aragorn that he heard it too. With an even stance, he turned next to his son. Eldarion grasped his arm. "My king and father," he whispered, steady and solid for the crown that would sit upon his head. Then he closed his lips together and stopped. "Ada. Ada," he said. His eyes watered, blurring in Aragorn's vision. For him, Aragorn gave both embrace and kiss, pressing his hand tightly over Eldarion's hair, as he had so often done when he was a boy. "My son. My king," he replied, speaking into his ear. Gripping the sides of his neck, holding his face, Aragorn leaned back and stared confidently. Eldarion met his eyes and held the gaze fast. There were too many words and not enough of them all at once. After a space, his son nodded. Aragorn kissed his brow one last time, and released him. The Closed Door opened. Taking his wife's hand, he walked the Silent Street to the House of the Kings. Taking position on the long bed prepared for him, Aragorn kissed Arwen warmly, then pressed back as she drew close and took his hand in hers. She brought their clasped fists near her lips, till she could kiss his knuckle, then folded them, still grasped together, over her heart, where he could feel the music of its beat, and know her grace, once given for him, would go with him into that dimming sun. The grief was upon her, and he could see it all. "Could you not tarry, my lord?" she asked, though the answer was long known to her. The third faltering of his heart. But the bright sunset was steady now, and his shadow was as it should be, cast in simplicity across the long space and haloed in gold relief against the columns. It is a gift, he reminded himself , then said it aloud . "My Lady Undómiel, our time has been much blessed, and though it is a bitter thing, I must honor the gift. The silhouette I leave behind marks my memory and the close of my day. I go, lest I linger and my shadow become something it shouldn't. I go lest it grow dark and overbearing because I could not pass this last test. Such is the folly that led to the fall of my ancestors, and later even to those who pursued the false power of the ring, believing they could hold a power and gift to themselves when it ought to have been returned. I wish to pass the test, Arwen." He took a breath, like breathing with the song, and insisted softly, "I will pass the test." "Once, I pitied your ancestors for their pride in trying to seize the Undying Lands. Now... I understand them now." Watching her face, lit with the gold light only he could see, Aragorn breathed in once more. "Those lands need not be lost to you. There is a choice before you also. Legolas has built a ship." "Nay, my lord. There is no ship that could bear me hence. My grace goes with you. The Doom of Men is mine. I will bear the loss and the silence." He nodded steadily. "Arwen," he said. "We are not bound forever to the circles of this world, and beyond them is more than memory. In sorrow we must go, but not in despair. Not in despair. It is a fine farewell." He tightened again their hands. His heart, he felt was slowing, as though time itself was stretching thinner. I go to the house of my fathers , he thought, listening to the music descend, seeping in through his bones and swelling into his sternum. I go to the house of my mothers . It was nearly a chant, gripping at his heart. They will greet me in the halls of the setting sun, and there be glad. "Estel, Estel," he heard Arwen cry. And with that, the last sensation of her skin on his fingers dulled away. He sang in a final lovely breath, set his heart to peace, and closed his eyes completely—walking into that sunset, and letting the gold in his mind dim into night. Fin Note One: Though this is clearly AU (ish), some portions of the last conversation between Arwen and Aragorn are taken directly from Tolkien's Appendix A. Particularly (and quite obviously) from the close of the section labeled (v) Here Follows A Part of the Tale of Aragorn and Arwen. Note Two: Though perhaps not the most appropriate song in all aspects, nevertheless this story came to me and insisted it be written while I was listening to Bon Iver's Holocene on repeat. Note Three: Apologies for the occasional, somewhat unforgivable, use of run-on sentences. :)