stew. He took something from a nearby pouch and added it to the stir. Sam recognized the scent immediately and he took a deep breath. Kingsfoil. The feeling it brought to his soul was peaceful. Hopeful. Not wholly unlike the feeling that had come from Legolas's singing. It was like magic. Simple, clean, magic. The good kind Sam so wanted to believe in and hold onto. The useful and incorruptible kind of magic he wished he could carry within him. And a real magic too. Not like gardening . "It is my gift," Strider eventually answered without looking at them. "Inherited through the line of Elendil and honed by Lord Elrond. If I honor it, it is a gift that can remain with me and be of use in dark days such as these. A part of that gift is the allowance, at times, for me to grant a portion of my strength to another." "It was no simple healing you used to aid me on Weathertop," noted Frodo. "Not by another healer's reckoning, no," came the answer, and when Strider turned around, he looked kingly indeed, even being on his knees as he was. This was Aragorn, thought Sam, though he could never seem to remember to call him that. "Aragorn, this is unnecessary," mumbled Legolas, trying to draw back. "Why do you resist him so?" asked Frodo. From the far side of the fire, Gimli snorted. "To prove that Mahal is not the only being who might be accused of infusing his creations with stubbornness," he commented. "Perhaps he fears burdening the gift," Boromir mumbled a moment later. "I think I would understand such feelings." "Aye," agreed Gimli. Aragorn smiled but shook his head. Kneeling closer to Legolas, he caught his wrist and pressed his other hand gently down on the elf's chest, making eye contact with him and holding it. "He resists," said Aragorn in a soft voice, "because he forgets sometimes that what strength I gain in the ensuing days of expending my gift is often much more powerful than that strength I let go out of me. Though he forgets, he understands this type of agreement well. For such is the way of a gift that allows giving and yet remains with you." After what seemed an eternity, Aragorn released Legolas's wrist, withdrew his hand from his chest, and began to turn back towards the fire. The elf stopped him, catching his sleeve. In a warm voice he spoke—some brief phrase in Elvish that Sam couldn't understand—and then nodded, the tension leaving his body, as though giving concession, releasing all resistance to allow Aragorn to tend him. Pressing his hand over Legolas's heart, Strider smiled with some untouchable flash of fondness, and repeated back to Legolas, in Elvish, the phrase that had been said to him. Finally, he turned and pulled the pot from the fire, setting it carefully next to a ready pouch of waiting wraps and herbs. Sam moved his hand to the back of Frodo's shoulder quietly. "You understand something of Elvish, Mr. Frodo, don't you? Did you catch that? What'd he say?" he asked in a low whisper. Frodo leaned his head in close, though he seemed unable to turn his eyes away from the elf on the ground, or perhaps it was that he could not tear his gaze from the king attending him. "I'm not certain I understood the dialect," Frodo whispered. "But it sounded as though he said… like friendship ." Sam blinked, glanced at Frodo, then stared at Legolas and Strider. Legolas and Aragorn. Royal houses. Prince and king. One might not know it to look at them. And yet… there it was. Near the fire, Aragorn had folded a cloth over Legolas's wound and was pressing down on it gently. In a low voice, he'd started to sing, not unlike the singing he'd done over the blade that had stabbed Frodo on Weathertop. "It's true, isn't it, Sam." Sam turned his head and realized Frodo was looking at him. "What's that?" Frodo set his gaze on Legolas and Aragorn again. "The more strength you give in a friendship, the more strength is returned to you. Isn't it so?" It is an agreement based on understanding and need, Sam suddenly thought. Cooperation . Friendship. Sam stared anew at Legolas and felt a warm sensation spark in his chest—a warmth that felt soothing and hopeful, and different than anything he'd felt all day. Even including the calm feeling brought by the Kingsfoil, and the beauty of Legolas's singing with the tree. "Do you suppose, Mr. Frodo, that if such a thing is true, it might mean within our friendship we may have our own gift? Our own magic, in a way?" It was a silly thought, perhaps. A fantastic element to the dark tales of good and evil told to growing hobbits. But it made him feel better to think that maybe there was a type of magic he could truly hold within himself. A type of magic that the ring could not corrupt, and maybe not defeat. Frodo opened his mouth to answer, but before he could, another voice took over, a voice wise and soft, yet powerful in the way it seemed to carry to only the two of them. "It does indeed, Samwise. It does indeed. It means precisely that. And don't you forget it. Do you understand?" Sam looked over to the nearby tree Gandalf was leaning against and realized the wizard had been listening to their conversation all the while. And he did not look joking, or teasing, or even humoringly fond. Sam swallowed. Compulsively, he tightened the grip he'd maintained on Frodo's shoulder, feeling the warmth settle in his heart. "I understand. I won't forget it." "See that you don't." The End P.S. I'm kind of in an old-writing-style vs. new-writing-style place and don't mind saying I could really use some feedback on this one, if anyone out there is so inclined.