stables were silent as he entered and he wasted no time settling his horse. With the task complete, he leaned carefully on the gate to the trim stall, composing himself and even allowing himself to feel glad at seeing the House of Elrond and at the prospect of seeing friends he'd sorely missed. A small sound prompted him to rise. Casting out his senses, he searched for what portion of the sound had set him on edge. It certainly wasn't elven. With swiftness he didn't feel his body capable of, he spun, drawing his bow and arrow with him in the same motion. Before he'd taken his next breath he'd let his arrow fly, knowing with certitude he'd hit what he intended. Aragorn woke one hour before the sun even thought of joining him. He was exhausted, but his anxiousness to return home no longer allowed him sleep. Deep into the evening, he'd had the odd sensation that he was being followed and had ridden farther in the dark to avoid any who might be seeking to make him their quarry. When he woke in the morning, the feeling remained, though none of his senses could account for why it was there. Twice he doubled back just to see if there were any strange tracks overlaying his previous path. He found nothing. Riding with the rangers has made you paranoid , he told himself. No doubt it was his imagination, or, at worst, the sons of Elrond out to play a trick on him. He would no longer allow his foreboding to keep him from his destination. Quickly he pushed his horse to a gallop, taking the last stretch in a hurried lope when the gates of Rivendell finally winked before him. He grinned, saluting the sentries as he rode past. The pasture by the stables revealed a strange new horse that could only belong to Gandalf. Aragorn smiled, it had been many years since he'd seen the old wizard. He would be pleased to speak with him again, to share his tales and hear more of Gandalf's at the same time. He would be pleased as well to take him into his council. Gandalf knew well the growing trials facing Middle Earth. Gathering what Gandalf knew at any opportunity was imperative. The majestic beast was staring with intensity towards the stables. Gandalf must be in there , Aragorn reasoned. Hoping to surprise him, he slid off his horse, removed the bridal and set the horse free into the pasture before stealthily stepping towards the stable's interior. The sight that greeted him was the last thing he'd expected. "How is he?" asked Elrond of Gandalf, forgoing all other formality after they'd gripped hands. "He states that he is well." "Yet you do not believe him." Gandalf dipped his head. "He has never been forthcoming when it concerns his own welfare. But that is your responsibility now. I assume you have spoken with Galadriel?" Elrond nodded. "I have. Her inability to specify the danger he faces causes me more concern than anything else. Of puzzlement, she expressed some worry for the whereabouts of Aragorn as well. I would send out scouts for him, but I fear at this point if I were to do such a thing it would draw attention to him that he is safer without. Something is coming though. I have felt it." "I will be passing through a few of the towns before I return to Mirkwood. I will leave word for him if I can." "Thank you," Elrond replied sincerely. "You will be returning to Thranduil then?" "I feel that I must. What seeks to threaten Legolas's safety is in the heart of that kingdom. That is where we must first investigate." Gandalf didn't meet Elrond's eyes as he spoke. They were never completely comfortable discussing Mirkwood, or Thranduil. Though great was his respect for the wisdom of the Elvenking and the darkness his people faced, it had been hard for Elrond to send Legolas back to his father's kingdom, knowing the battles he could be returning to. Only Gandalf had been able to convince him the young elf's return to Mirkwood was necessary. It was due to that conversation, Elrond knew Gandalf now was now alluding to things Elrond had hoped Legolas would not have faced. It was a hard thing to have them confirmed. "His relationship with the King?" Elrond ventured to ask. "Difficult at the least, I'd say. Thranduil loves his son. Of that I have no doubt. But Legolas might. He is so much like his mother. We can believe that he has had some trying years. Be patient with him if he is not at first the Legolas you remember." Elrond nodded, saddened. "He carries too many scars for one so young of our people. I vaguely remember the days when his visits did not require such grave invitations." "If we keep him on his path," replied Gandalf, "he will have better days ahead. Keep in mind that this is no simple visit. The threat is clouding itself, cloaking itself in such a way that it may be difficult to discover. He is in your charge." "I will ensure his safety." Elrond nodded. Gandalf wasn't making fleeting statements, nor was he saying anything Elrond did not already know, but they were things Legolas would have to be reminded of. The young elf was like a son to him. Perhaps he would need reminding of that as well. Gandalf coughed, and began to speak once more. "You are blessed with the gift of foresight, and I fear you will need it. It concerns me that this threat remains so cloaked in shadow." Elrond opened his mouth to answer when a splitting cry from the stables drew their attention from whatever else might have been said between them. Together they rushed towards the sound. "Legolas," muttered Gandalf worriedly. "Aragorn," added Elrond, gesturing to the new horse in the pasture. "We must hurry." tbc