told him lovingly, "to the best of your abilities, at any rate." He embraced his son, rocking him back and forth a little, when something unusual caught his eye. The two messengers from Rivendell were staring – goggling , even – at them. "Yes, what is it?" asked Thranduil irritably. If there was one thing he disliked above anything else, it was having his time with Legolas disturbed, and this time it wasn't even for anything important. Really, was the sight of a father and son hugging so fascinating that it warranted such unfailing attention? He found it difficult to believe that Elrond had never behaved in a similar manner; and surely those mischievous twins had gotten into the same sort of trouble before! "I – I apologize," stammered the second messenger while the first one continued to stare with his mouth agape. "I just never – he – who is this?" "This is my son, Prince Legolas Thranduilion of Mirkwood," answered Thranduil slowly, not sure if he wanted to tell them when they were behaving so oddly. The elfling snuggled closer to his ada and peered suspiciously at the two strangers. "He's… beautiful ," breathed the first, finding his voice at last. "Thank you," said Thranduil as he twitched a bit. Their borderline arrogant behavior earlier was becoming more and more preferable to this absurd fit. Having to subject Legolas to it made it all the more intolerable. The elven king sucked in a breath and tightened his hold on his son when the obviously insane messengers fell to their knees in front of them. "You don't understand, sire," said the second, sounding dazed. "All elves are beautiful in their own right, but the prince…. I've seen portraits of the maid Luthien and I can say without hesitation that Prince Legolas is just as stunning as she was." "Except that her beauty reflected the glory of the evening while Prince Legolas is made of all that makes the morning lovely," added the first. He reached out and stroked the silken but soggy hair on one side of the elfling's head, apparently unaware of Legolas' disgustedly confused stare and the alarming way that Thranduil continued to tense. "Indeed, the glory of the sun's light has been captured in his hair, and his eyes are as blue as the clearest sky. It is truly a privilege to look upon you, most exquisite Prince Legolas." Then he took one of Legolas' hands and kissed it. Legolas turned his face toward the hand that was still stroking his hair and promptly bit it. "He kissed me like I was some girl!" he shrieked to his father, incredulous and clearly insulted, as the messenger jumped back with a yelp. "And the other one said that I was like a picture of Luthien. I'm going to be the best warrior that Mirkwood has ever had, not some girl in a picture. They called me a girl , Ada!" Thranduil leapt to his feet with his furious child still in his arms and didn't feel the least bit sorry when the two messengers were knocked backwards by the sudden movement. "I do not know what is considered to be appropriate in Rivendell," he seethed, "but in my realm it is not permitted for virtual strangers to touch and kiss an elfling without the permission of said elfling and their parents! You two are a disgrace to your lord and he will be hearing about this damnable behavior. Galion!" The door opened almost immediately and the butler stuck his head inside. "Did – did Prince Legolas tell you what he did?" he asked uncertainly as he surveyed the strange scene before him. "Yes, because he is a good boy," snapped Thranduil. He struggled to compose himself when he saw the taken aback expression on the loyal Galion's face. "I apologize; and thank you for having Legolas confess to me about the swimming. You are not the reason why I am so enraged. Those two" – he gestured with his head at the two ninnies on the floor who didn't have the good sense to stop staring at his son – "have delivered their lord's unimportant message and have my reply. They have also upset the prince and angered me. See to it that they leave Mirkwood as soon as they can be made ready – we no longer welcome their presence." The king gave them one last fierce look before turning and stomping out of the room. Still the messengers were undeterred – not even Legolas scowling and sticking his tongue out at them as his father carried him away discouraged their awed stares or marred his beauty in their minds. That didn't matter to Thranduil at the time being; Mirkwood guards would see to it that they would leave them alone. All he had to worry about was getting to Legolas' bedchamber, where sanctuary and dry clothing awaited the elfling. "I still can't believe that they called me a girl," huffed Legolas indignantly on the way. "And all that stuff about sunlight and the sky – what a bunch of hooey!" Thranduil remained silent. While he found both of their behavior deplorable, he couldn't argue with the Rivendell messenger's descriptions of his son's looks. Perhaps he and the people of Mirkwood were more used to his striking beauty than outsiders who hadn't seen him grow up – not that any of that excused them. "I didn't like them, Ada," Legolas continued to complain. "Why couldn't Elladan and Elrohir have come instead of two?" "I would have preferred the twins' company as well," said Thranduil, though the mere mention of the last time that the sons of Elrond visited sill made Galion break out in nervous laughter before crying. "But do not think about those messengers anymore, my Little Greenleaf; they will be gone before the day is over and the two of us will be able to get back to our normal lives." To be concluded…