be so hard for her to be the only girl in the family; having to deal with her parents recent preoccupation undoubtedly magnified those emotions. Theomir reached out and placed a caring hand on Laurelin's arm, drawing her attention away from the older girl and back on him where he thought it should have been. "You're going to look even more pretty, if that can happen," he told her, his eyes shining as he imagined what an even more beautiful Laurelin would look like. "And I'll be right there to make sure that she doesn't mess it up in any way. Is there anything else you need for me to do for you?" "That depends," answered Laurelin. She turned her expectant eyes on Findowyn. "Can we do it right now?" Better to get it over with now. "I don't see why not." "Then you can help me, Theomir, by helping me get my other doll," ordered the young princess, jumping to her feet. With a quick twitch of her head she led the boy around Findowyn to the other side of the bench, where yet another baby doll was 'taking a nap.' Findowyn slid to the place they'd just vacated to make sure that they'd have enough room. "I can hold him just fine once I actually have him, but I also have to take care of Elrond and Oropher and I can't lift anyone else." "I'll be happy too," replied Theomir importantly, picking up the doll and handing it to her after she'd settled down comfortably on the bench. "He's a nice doll," commented Findowyn kindly but awkwardly. "Very, um, handsome." "Thank you," smiled the little girl, polite and pleased. "I named him Gloin, after Grandpa Gimli's father." Without warning, a figure that had gone unnoticed until then leapt up behind the two small children. In his hand was a wooden sword that Findowyn recognized almost as readily as she did the person who was wielding it. "I smite you, beast of Minas Tirith!" Prince Eldarion of Gondor declared dramatically as he moved to hit his little sister in the head with the toy weapon. This was not the first time that something like this had happened to Laurelin but that fact didn't make the prospect of getting hit over the head any more appealing. "Leave me alone, you stupid boy!" she shrieked, startled and angry in equal parts. Her reflexes – built up after enduring years of Eldarion's sneak attacks – didn't fail her; she ducked and managed to avoid the sword. However, the sudden movement made her slam into Theomir head-on as the devoted little boy was gallantly, if unnecessarily, attempting to come to her rescue. Their limbs got tangled and they fell together, Theomir trapped beneath her, her dirty feet exposed for all to see, and dolls scattered all about them. After quickly checking to see if they were hurt in an immediately obvious way, Findowyn glared furiously at the attacker. "Eldarion Telcontar," she scolded, her anger not at all dissipating as he stared back at her in the same adoring way that her little brother looked at his little sister, "what in the name of the Valar do you think you're doing?" "Rescuing you, fair lady," replied Eldarion with an exaggerated chivalrous bow that matched his tone perfectly. "From a four-year-old and five-year-old," she scoffed. "I'm impressed. Laurelin, Theomir, are you two all right?" Eldarion didn't bother to disguise his hurt as the older girl brushed past him to examine the children in her care more thoroughly. That wasn't the right response! Usually Findowyn tolerated – even encouraged – his games of make-believe. He didn't like this sudden shift in her behavior, especially not on a day when too many things were changing in his life as it was. "Don't give me that look, Eldarion," said Findowyn warningly, not appreciating the scowl and pout that were clouding his features. "You're going to be thirteen in a few months – much too old to be going around attacking your little sister. Is that how you're going to act at your birthday party?" "No," he responded defensively. "What are you doing here, anyway?" she continued on as if she hadn't heard him. "Mother told me that you were going to be with the advisors' council, listening to them instruct you on, well, on how to not act like this in formal settings." "I escaped," sulked Eldarion. He dug a hole in the ground with his toe, feeling ashamed of his behavior all of the sudden. After all, it wasn't as if Laurelin tried to be so obnoxious all the time. "It was so boring –" His voice cut off when something smacked him in the knee. "You meanie," roared (as much as a child her age could roar) Laurelin. She swung her unfortunate doll – little Gloin – by the leg numerous times, punctuating each word she spoke with a blow to her brother's body. "Look what you did to my dolls and my dress! I'm telling Ada and Papa! And Daerada Thranduil and Grandpa Gimli! I'm even going to tell Uncle Elrohir and Uncle Elladan! And write about this to the Shire!" Eldarion groaned as he tried to stop her from hitting him in a way that wouldn't make Findowyn even angrier with him. He'd decided long ago that this growing up stuff was overrated; not only did he have to spend more time with the dull advisors' council and less time with Findowyn but now it also meant that he had to let Laurelin get away with things like what she was doing right then. Little sisters were such pains! He couldn't understand why his Ada and Papa had wanted to create any more of them. ' Or,' thought the boy in resignation as he looked in the direction that the Houses of Healing lay, 'why Ada has to go and bring not one but two of them into the world today.' To be continued…