uselessness. He had not trusted himself to climb down on his own. The first hour after their rescue had been a bustle of activity. The Rohan warriros had set up a camp, leaving the elves to tend to the wounded. At first, Lord Elrond´s sons had worked on Legolas together, their faces grim, but once they had discovered that their friend´s injuries were not quite as severe as they had feared, the mood had lightened. Now Elrohir was cleaning the deep wounds on the prince´s back on his own, while Elladan made sure their younger brother was well taken care of. "These wounds look older", the younger twin observed. "They were certainly not inflicted this morning." "The same can be said about your injuries." Elladan eyed the young ranger with interest. "I am sure there is a story worth telling behind all this." "There is", Aragorn agreed, "and you will hear it in time. Legolas will need to wake, though, for he did not finish the tale the oak had told him." The twins exchanged a look, both raising an eyebrow, but did not comment. "Seeing that both of you are awake", the human continued, eager to divert the attention from himself, "why do you not tell me how you come to be here." "Well, it just so happened that we were waiting for two friends of ours, not far from here" Elladan began and handed his brother fresh bandages. "But alas, despite their good upbringing, the friends did not come in time, and a deep boredom took hold of us. Luckily, a group of brave Rohan soldiers crossed our path and they were kind enough to allow us join the hunt they were on." The raven-haired elf did not specify what had been hunted, but there was no need. As gentle as Elladan and Elrohir were when it came to friends or family, as ruthless they were when confronted with orcs. Hunting the foul creatures was more than a necessary evil for them. In Aragorn´s eyes, it was almost an addiction, and the brothers seldom spoke of it at all. Before Elldan could continue, one of the Rohan warriros approached them. Even though his demeanour was not frightened, the repect that showed in his eyes bordered on fear. Aragorn could not blame him, for he knew his brothers to be nothing but scary in battle. "My lords, we have finished setting up tents. Should we help you carry your wounded friend into one?" It was Elrohir who answered. "We thank you for your assistance, my friend, but for the moment we will stay here. The weather is gentle and it will probably aid the prince´s recovery to be out in the fresh air." The man´s eyes widened in surprise. "The woodelf is of royal blood? What a coincidence that he was harmed by a giant boar..." The man´s voice trailed off as if he was unsure whether his words had been an insult. Aragorn´s interest was aroused. "Coincidence? Why is that?" The man looked at him, obviously relieved to be talking to a human now. "Well, stranger, every man, woman and child here in Rohan knows the story of the mighty king Folca, who came to these woods a long time ago to rid the region of a terrible boar. He managed the feat, yet he paid for the victory with his life." Aragorn nodded, the distant memory of this tale flooding back to him now. So this was the human who had died leaning against the very tree that had rescued them. Now this was a coincidence indeed. "The story goes" the warrior continued, "that the boar was no normal animal, but had been sent by some evil force to rob the people of Rohan of their leader. Many say even today that none of royal blood should set foot in this forest, or the boar would return." He looked at Legolas´ still form and shrugged, unsure what to say next. Aragorn smiled. "It is blessing for the people of Mirkwood then that their prince was saved by brave Rohan warriors." The man blushed slightly, gave a curt nodd and moved away. Elrohir chuckled. "Smoothly saved, Estel. You are lucky that Elladan and I do not mind that you just handed our victory to someone else." "He had more need of the praise than you did", the human replied lightly, then turned to Elladan. "You did not quite finish your tale." The older twin shrugged. "There is not much more to tell. We were just heading back towards the Gondorian boder when two riderless horses approached us, slightly wounded and full of fear for their masters. They lead us to the forest, the forest lead us to you, and we were able to rescue Mirkwood´s future." The three brothers laughed. It turned out to be a peaceful day. The night was equally quiet and soothingly warm. Aragorn had asked his and his friend´s bedrolls to be placed by the oak´s trunk. He sat leaning against the tree, waiting for the elf to open his eyes, and breathed in the still peacefulness aound him. Yet again he felt that he was not alone, that someone unseen was beside him. A reassuring persence he savored. When Legolas finally woke, he gazed at the stars for a long time without a word. Then, he reached out, his hand lightly touching the rough bark of the oak. "It is recovering", he muttered, "good." With that his eyes glazed over in healing sleep, leaving Aragorn to chuckle lightly at the woodelf´s priorities. It was many days before they could continue their journey. Aragorn finally walked the stairs to the Hill of Awe. Standing there amidst the still air, breathing deeply, he felt touched by somethign old and soothing yet again, stronger even than it had been in the woods. Whether it was the soul of Elendil he could not be sure, but he felt that the journey had been worth it after all.