to be a dragon. I want to be a bird... to fly in the wind wherever I wanted to… I could fly to Lothlorien and see muinthel (sister) any time I wanted." He said. "Arwen would not recognize you! She would probably shoo you away with your terrible songs." Elrohir teased. After a moment, Elladan opened his mouth to speak, but his tone of voice was soft and distant, almost as if a heartache suddenly gripped it and left him with little air to speak. "I could fly over the sea to see Nana (mother)." He said seriously. All of a sudden, Elrohir became very still and quiet after his brother's comment. This was no laughing matter any more. The joyous mood had shattered and was carried off by the wind that made another pass. Elrohir suddenly wished he too was a bird. The brothers lost themselves in thought as the clouds continued to pass over head and as if being able to read the thoughts of loss, Elladan reached out and placed a comforting hand on his twin's shoulder, offering as much silent support that he could spare without abandoning his own hurt. This was not what this talk was supposed to be about. It was unbelievable how this little conversation, meant to lighten a mood, had suddenly changed and now the brothers were reluctant to speak. Elrohir took charge of the conversation and forced it in another direction. They spent too much time weeping over their mother, and currently spent too much time consumed in their hate for orcs. They were out here for a break, after all, and the younger brother was not about to lose the easy day to mourning. "Well I know a bird that would suit you best." Elrohir whispered as the remains of sorrow clung to him, but he did his best to speak around it. "Oh?" Elladan asked. He swept a finger across his eyes to catch the moisture quickly before the tears of loss rolled down his face. He was actually eager to hear what his brother thought and what species would be a good match for him. It would offer a distraction to the pain flaring up on the inside. Knowing Elrohir, he would choose some outlandish bird, some sort of formidable predator that lead noble life among the forest. "A turkey." Elrohir said and no sooner had the words left his mouth did the younger twin explode into a fit of laughter. The look of disbelieving shock on Elladan's face and the mental picture of his older brother as the large dumpy fowl left him a stitch fit. "A…. * turkey *?!" Elladan retorted and he sat up and glared at his twin who was rolling on the ground holding his stomach trying to quell the mirth. "Aye! A fat, clumsy, ugly bird!" Elrohir said between the tears of laughter. Elladan huffed. He was not amused. "Well I think you would be best suited as a snail. You have your bed on your back and can sleep at a moment's notice." Elladan sneered, doing his best to retaliate with a comeback. However, the insult failed in comparison to his brother's turkey comment. Elrohir was still giggling, though he was trying to conceal it. "It was not that funny Ro". Elladan protested, but knew his brother had him good. Elladan could feel the heat emanating from his cheeks as he flushed after being the butt of the terrible joke. Elrohir breathed deeply and wiped a sleeve across his face to banish the streaks of humor that were still coursing down his face. "I swear it, you spend far too much time with Glorfindel." Elladan said and shook his head, though traces of a smile were present upon his lips. Elrohir sat up as well and grinned widely at his twin. He shrugged his shoulders not sure what to say to that and not willing to talk again. He could still feel the laughter churning on the inside and if he made a peep he knew his self control would be lost and he would not be able to help but laugh out again. There was a pause between the brothers and the wind made another gentle pass, beckoning the twins to carry on, a trait that the wind itself was well known for. "What else would you choose to be?" Elladan asked. There was a particular sparkle in his eyes, even though the conversation had turned against him. Elladan could not recall the last time he had seen his brother smile like this, nor the last time he himself could find joy in anything. For the first time in a long time he felt the traces of easy joy flood his system. "Me?" Elrohir asked. He was taken aback that his brother wanted to hear more of his odd thoughts but he cocked his head and pondered over all the creatures he could think of at the moment. "A cougar!" "Of course a cougar!" Elladan laughed. "Dragons, bears, cougars! Always one for excitement! Are you sure you would not want to be a mouse…. or a shrew?" "A * shrew* ?!" Elrohir spat. "A shrew?" he asked again. "Who would ever think to be a shrew?!" "Well it is a creature you could choose from, is it not?" Elladan chuckled. "Leave it to you to choose the boring animals… song birds and shrews!" Elrohir fell back to the earth to gaze up at the sky again. Elladan followed suit. "Why could you not choose a wolverine?!" "You would want to be * wolverine* ? You know they do not get much sleep." "I am * not * lazy!" The sound of laughter from both brothers filtered through the forest as they continued to fire off their idea of a better life. Though right now, each of them knew as long as they had each other at their side, they would never really want to be anything other than an elf.