traveling, knowing they did not intend to enter Mordor itself. Many of the travelers were too frightened, or filled with awe, as they preferred to call it, to even contemplate such a course. Besides, even if they had wished it, they would most likely never have been allowed past the gates. Entry to the Lord Sauron's royal seat was not granted to just any one, or so her father had told her. Only those merchants bearing gear of war or the finest of luxuries were even considered for admittance. These travelers carried only simple trade goods and so Morwena knew she must think of a plan swiftly, before the caravan turned away from the mountains. Questioning an old woman by the fire one night, she learned their next destination would be the fortress of the Nazgul Lord, Sauron's high lutenent and second in command. Morwena felt her heart leap with excitement. The way was clear for her now. She would seek work at the fortress. In such a large place, there must be some small task, be it ever so humble, for her to do. If she could enter the service of her Lord's right hand in this way, she would almost draw level with her father. It was a most wondrous possibility. In the end, her plan went off without a flaw. When a division of soldiers came out of the fortress to inspect the goods the caravan was carrying, Morwena managed to catch the eye of their leader. He was hairy, scared, filthy, with rotten teeth. But, at least, he was human. She had been terribly afraid they would have sent deformed orcs, half dead things, rotting and chained to the world of the living only by sorcery, or were-creatures more animal than man. With a human, at least, there was some hope of sympathy, at least some thread of common interests, common longings, be it ever so thin. Based on his gear, mended and rusty, his rank was probably not particularly high but, considering that he had been sent outside the walls to collect goods, it was mostly likely high enough to to get her in side. She approached him deferentially while his men were busy riffling the bundles of goods, including ones not technically for sale, and he was "overseeing" them, doing his best to make himself look important. From her experience dealing with the leader back in her old village, she knew exactly how to flatter this type of personality and, when the company packed up the supplies they were taking and marched back into the wraith Lord's stronghold, Morwena went with them. In the dark, echoing passage of the under gate, he let his men go on ahead and took her against one of the dark stone walls. Morwena had been expecting this and bore it well. He actually seemed rather disappointed by her lack of protest or, at least, lack of evident distress and muttered sourly to himself for the rest of the way. But Morwena had no care for that. She had the work she had come for. It was not fine work, sweeping and scrubbing, brewing huge vats of putrid slop for the hoards of orc workers, and changing the bedding in the stables where the wolves and horses were kept. But it was noble work, something to be proud of. She was aiding the cause, just as her father had done. Her raw skin, cuts, and bruises from the heavy drudgery were like battle wounds to her and that thought made her want to sing. She had a fine voice and loved to sing but the frowning stone around her seemed to demand silence. Therefore, she kept her lips still out of respect while, even so, in her heart, she sang. Clarice frowned at the mirror, pushing her deep scarlet lips into a pout. She thought she could see the faintest traces of a line beside her mouth. Hastily, she moved to cake more powder over it, then recoiled at the foul odor. No matter how many times she had washed and scoured her hands over the past days, the sickening smell still clung to them, a powerful odor of raw meat both fresh and rotten, like a horrible combination of butcher shop and charnel house. It had been a mistake. Even without the smell she knew it had been a mistake. The little beast had just been so utterly unbearable. Squinting into the mirror, she used a stick of charcoal to outline her eyebrows. Squinting was bad. It made wrinkles around her eyes. But how else was she supposed to get the lines perfect? There was no winning. She had to keep up a flawless beauty regime but the strain of doing so was taking a toll on her beauty. Was it any wonder that she was constantly filled with anxiety? And that sometimes led her to do truly foolish things. But actually striking the Lord of the Nazgul's prized pet went beyond all bounds of madness. Yes, the thing had had the gall to nip her ankles but she should have kept herself under control. She ought to have stated her displeasure firmly but calmly. The Nazgul Lord was powerful and, though she might behave that way in public, she was not untouchable. She could only hope he would not repeat the incident to her Lord Sauron. Ah, Sauron. Even after three years, the though of Him could still make her shiver. Her position as His official mistress was one she treasured not only because of the luxury it afforded her but also, and, perhaps, primarily, because of the delights of being His lover, which were too wonderful and terrible for words. She knew that other women below her would must be scheming to replace her and, if she started making enemies, so would they. That was why she had to remain looking perfect at every moment. She must give Him no reason to prefer another over her.