into shapes for glittering beauty, but they are still just a precious. Look at one single leaf - 'tis a perfect craft and a delicate shape." The king found the nearest leaf that was fluttering the slight breeze and he cupped his hand around the supple foliage to try and prove his point. "Do you not see it?" He asked his son. "Do you not see the beauty in something so simple?" the little elf reached out to touch the leaf as his father was doing. It was an everyday object so it was hard for him to find the glittering beauty of a green crystal in the mat green leaf. Perhaps it was a grown up thing. There were a lot of matters in this world that seemed to be appreciated by adults, but he nodded anyway. Thranduil watched as the little fingers traced the vein lines in the leaf that rested in his palm, but the smile on the king's face started to vanish. There were too few of these moments between them. He could remember an easier time when he himself was a child being lead through life by his own father as he taught his son the inner workings of the world. Thranduil recalled the stories told to him and how it was mostly fiction, but to have an explanation to tied to anything added value to world - something that seemed to be fading as of late. "...That is why your mother and I named you as you are - Greenleaf." the comment was almost a whisper, but it caused the prince's little hand to halt, then softly withdrawal. Legolas almost never heard of his mother since her passing. It was a difficult subject to bring up for both father and son and it was far easier to avoid it all together. The young prince did not know if he should be listening to this or allow his father to continue with a tale that would surely leave them both in tears, but it felt as though ice formed in his veins and he could not move. "Greenleaf." Thranduil said again, this time in thought. "Our precious gem. A miracle gifted to us by the Valar ." Those few words created a flood of tears in Legolas' eyes, but he pressed his thin lips together to find stubborn determination not to let them fall. Thranduil could sense a change in his son and he bent low to get a glimpse of his face. When he saw the watery depths of his son's eyes, the king breathed a slight gasp. "Legolas?" He asked with genuine concern. "What is the matter?" He asked, but as the words left his tongue, he knew what triggered this response. Slowly, the elder elf wrapped his son up in a warm tight embrace, but his emotional strength fled him and the very contact transferred the same return in the elder elf. Thranduil found it difficult to keep his eyes free of moisture too. "She loved you ion-nin ." the king's whisper was rough, but clear. "More than anything - more than life itself." Legolas mutely nodded his head, attesting to the fact that he heard his father and he knew his mother loved him. "I miss her, Ada ." his voice was almost unheard through the tiny whisper, but Thranduil knew what he said. The king bit back the tears that were growing in his eyes but at the same time, he cursed himself silently. This wasn't at all how he wanted this evening to go, but rather than offer a distraction, he allowed his son the time and privacy to grieve. Both Wood-elves remained motionless as they battled their inner sorrow and they let the beauty of the woods settle their hearts in its own magical way. Thranduil drew strength and inspiration from the woods around them and when the rough emotions did not taint his voice, the Woodland king began to sing a song to sooth the rest of their worries away. " A star fell from heaven It landed in my arms It 'twas the brightest star I've ever seen And it was you with all your charms A fallen piece of heaven, You are my little tiny star Your eyes twinkle so merry and bright A fallen star is what you are The heavens must be lonely Without your joyous shine But they blessed me with a gift That I will treasure through the end of time For a star fell from heaven It landed in my arms It 'twas the brightest star I've ever seen And it was you with all your charms I keep this gift I was given With it I shall never part Your love and light will stay with me Forever in my heart…" The tune was repeated several times as the simple words and easy melody worked its way through the sorrow that claimed them. When the words were sung to the point where they were beginning to lose their hold, the elf-king forwent language and hummed the tune as he rocked his son. The sunlight was growing dimmer and Thranduil watched the bright orb in the sky sink lower towards the horizon, but Legolas spoke quietly and pulled the king's attention away. "The Valar are collecting their sapphires." Thranduil looked up to the darkening heavens to note the first few stars were peppering the sky. He smiled to himself, pleased that the tale he told did what he had hoped and offered the prince a lasting impression that would live in his memoires forever. "So they are… That means the dragons will be on the prowl soon as well. I think it is time I take my treasured little leaf home and keep him safe, hum?" Thranduil asked, but the question did not beg for an answer. The king stood to his feet and lifted his son with him and together they began to descend the tree to head home.