Imladris that spread above him did not come as a surprise, he could not surpress a smile at their sight. He gingerly turned his head to the side to see a large chair placed near his bed. The still elf occupying it was obviously asleep, and the sight drove any feeling of peace out of Aragorn as if he had been pulled into the icy river yet again. Ignoring the light pain in his head and limbs, he shot up and grabbed Legolas by the shoulders, shaking him vigorously. Blue eyes unveiled in an instant, just in time to see the ranger double over as a sudden intense hurt sliced through his chest. "By the Valar, Estel, what are you doing!" Shortness of breath prevented the man from answering what he considered a perfectly superfluous question. He wheezed and coughed for long moments, trying to get himself under control. At the edge of his consciousness he felt other elves enter the room, and before long a soothing smell drifted around him, easing his coughs. With a sigh of relief he leaned back, finding that the cushions in his bed had miraculously formed a nice clean stack, supporting him in a sitting position that further calmed his breathing. When he finally managed to focus on the world around him, he saw himself surrounded by four stern-looking elves. "Are you better now, ionn-nîn?" Lord Erlond asked, but the question sounded more like an accusation. Aragorn nodded, considered whether he could trust his voice and finally ground out:"It was his fault." He pointed at Legolas. "He slept." "I only did as Lord Elrond bid me to", the woodelf was quick to reply, carefully sitting back down in his chair. "Only under this condition was I permitted to stay at your sickbed, human. Do not forget that I was thrown off my horse and into a river not long ago." "Thrown off your horse?" the ranger asked cautiously, happy that he managed the question without further coughing. He distinctly remembered that this particualr remedy had not had the desired effect. Legolas smiled knowingly. "I would not leave your side, my friend, as is my habit when something ails you. It just so happens that you talked in your sleep." The smile turned into a grin. "And I might add that, as bruised as I am by the fall, it at least served to wake me up." Aragorn shook his head in disbelief but before he could voice his doubts, Elladan said sternly: "And lucky you were that he did, Estel. Did father not say that waking takes its time? Ever impatient!" He turned away, true anger radiating from him. "If Legolas had not been on his path to the waking world, he would have never survided the river and neither would you have" Elrohir explained quietly. "This was a rash action on your part, Estel." Silence fell amongst them. When Aragorn opened his mouth to apologize, however, it was Legolas who spoke first. "Rash as this may have been, we are both still here. And Estel was correct to call me back, for I was in grave danger of losing myself in my memories. Even after waking I kept falling back into them and needed – reminders." He gingerly touched the fading bruise on his forehead from when Aragorn had jolted him awake on the stream´s bank. A rare expression of surprise spread on Lord Elrond´s face, and both of his sons looked equally taken aback. It was obvious that Legolas had so far refrained from talking about his experiences. Slightly uneasy under their intense gazes the prince went on: "I am not sure what would have happened if Aragorn had called me back at a later time. Or even worse, if no one had even endeavoured to do so at all. I am grateful for his impatience." "It seems that I was not so wrong after all", the human rasped, "but for my methods I sincerely apologize. I agree that I should have put more consideration into them. Even so, it seems that I am not the only sick person around after all." He took a deep breath, stilling the cough that threatened to overcome him. "Estel", Lord Elrond began, only to have his sons finish in unison: "Elves do not get sick." The elf lord nodded, but a slight smile graced his lips. "Still, I feel that we should reconsider our code of behaviour when it comes to the path of memories. Glorfindel has long since thought so." He pointed a finger at Aragorn, then turned the same gesture on Legolas. "The two of you will stay calm and allow each other to recover, or I shall personally remove you to the farthest corners of Imladris." He glanced at his sons. "You will make sure my orders are followed in this room. And of course you will show impeccable behaviour yourselves. I have had enough troubles of late." With those words he left the younger elves to themselves. Elrohir sat down at the far end of Aragorn´s bed while Elladan perched on the arm of Legolas´ chair. "Father is only on edge because he had to ride through a snowstorm to get the two of you home", the older twin said with a smile, indicating that his anger had passed. "Elrohir and I are used to such measures, of course, but father was not so amused." Aragorn yawned comfortably. "I am sure he was even less happy to find the both of us sick", he replied smugly, closing his eyes to the joined protests of the elves. He was inclined to find his rest now, because come spring he intended to take Legolas up on his offer and search Mirkwood for the hidden memories of his mother. This endevour would bring new dangers, of that he had no doubt. But for now, he was conent to be home and recover in the company of his friends and family. *** The End ***