in such pain as when he discovered her with Theoden King. She tucked herself against him, holding on tight. "I am sorry to put you through that Eomer, grieving you was not my intent. Perhaps I should have heeded your warning, but I cannot regret fighting for my king." He put his hands on her shoulders. "Do not do that to me again Eowyn. Promise me that you will put away your sword and nevermore to fight. I cannot lose you that way." Eowyn took hold of his hands. "I refuse to make a promise to you that I may have to break. And while my days fighting in battle are over, I may yet have need to wield a sword in defense of my home and my lord. Ithilien is not as tame as Minas Tirith, nor as clear of the enemy. As long as I may work at Faramir's side in peace and in danger, I cannot promise what you want." Eomer sighed and kissed her forehead. "Then fight bravely Eowyn, for I would have you safe and happy for the rest of your days." He stared at the place where she had been found. "Do the nightmares still trouble your rest sister?" Too many nights he had paced the halls of Meduseld and heard her distressing cries. She was remembering the wild courage that overtook her when the Witch-King went after her uncle, how she fought him and his fell-beast and won. She rubbed the arm that had been damaged by his blow. "Occasionally, on dark nights. But I believe having someone near will help with that. If nothing else, Faramir will tell me it is over, that there is no longer reason to be afraid." Eowyn gazed at her brother. "And what of your dreams Eomer? Are they haunted by scenes of the battles in which you rode?" He swallowed. "They are haunted by this one, when I thought I had lost what remained of my family. Haunted by regret for not being there to save Theodred or protect you from Grima. Haunted by the responsibility I now bear as king over our people. But perhaps you are right and maybe one day I will also find that peace of having another there when I wake." Eowyn smiled. "You have chosen well. I know little of Lothiriel, but if she is anything like our cousin, it will be a good match." She bent down and picked a small bunch of flowers, life where there used to be death, and handed the bouquet to her brother. "Take these to her. Ask about her home, about her childhood with her brothers. And when you are done talking, I hope you know your heart with even more certainty." Eomer hugged her again. "Thank you sister. In this I believe I will follow any and all advice you have to give." He took her back through the long winding passages and circles of the city, up to the courtyard where Faramir was absorbed in his book. "Go now to your love. Perhaps I go to mine." "I love you," she whispered as he walked away. Eowyn joined Faramir on the bench, sitting in silent contemplation so long that he finally looked up and slid his hand over hers. "My lady?" She shook herself and tried to smile at him. "I am fine." Faramir closed the book he held. "Do not speak false with me Eowyn, I know your heart." Eowyn sighed. "May we go sit in the garden of the Houses my lord? There are good memories there and I am suddenly weary." "It is never easy to say goodbye," he observed, "but in our corner of Middle-Earth peace is beginning to reign. I do not think you will soon lose your brother." She nodded but remained too quiet for his liking as they made their way to the Houses of Healing where their lives had first begun to intertwine. There in the gardens they sat together, until Eowyn fell asleep against him. Faramir settled back to hold her, content as long as he was close enough to feel her heart beat. Only two days into their marriage and already they were learning that being happy did not mean the shadows would not suddenly appear. Someday he hoped to vanquish them all, but today he would start with one. LOTR At the end of their bridal week in Minas Tirith, Faramir and Eowyn packed what little they had kept with them, everything else had been sent on ahead, and prepared for the two day journey north to their new home in Ithilien. Together they bid farewell to Eomer and took their leave of King Elessar and Queen Arwen, with Faramir promising to return as soon as his liege had need of him. "Navaer. Farewell. Go with my blessing, good Steward and Prince. And take care of your lady, for she must always be the treasure of your heart." Faramir bowed. "Indeed she will be my king. I can think of no greater good than to live with her at my side for all the years of our lives." They were dismissed and walked slowly out to the courtyard, where the flowering white tree stood as a proclamation to all that the king had returned. Then they made for the stables where Thoron and Wen were waiting with a third animal on which their bundles of clothing, provisions and belongings rested. Eowyn and Faramir mounted their horses and walked to the gate, turning for one last look at the home of his fathers. Then he held out his hand to her and smiled. "Shall we go home my lady?" Eowyn spared a final glance at her brother and squared her shoulders, nodding once. "Yes my lord, take us there." With that they began their life together, under the same sun and moon and stars, and rode off into all that the future had to offer. This was the start of forever.