wizard let the air from his breath. He could not deny the statement for the elves were too sharp. The twins took the lack of an answer as an affirmative. "Mithrandir?!" "How could you do this?" Elladan said sharply as he stalked back to his brother now worried. He looked into the glazed eyes of his human sibling, finally piecing together the outward symptoms of inebriation. Aragorn gazed back at the twins who crowded was seeing double, but he knew it was right somehow in his mind. He knew Elladan and Elrohir were identical, but… How does this happen? How can two people look alike? There was a term for it… a 'twin', but his logic was teetering right now. It was as if the twin's appearance was part of a mirror. A sudden idea griped Aragorn's mind. "I know how you did it." he said in all seriousness. He had cracked the mystery that currently plagued his mind. "Did what?" "Became two… A mirror." Aragorn was determined to make his point known. Before the twins could cut him off, he blurted out his frazzled reality in a rampant speech. "Elladan is older. He was born and went to mirror. He reached in and pulled Elrohir out. That is why you look that same!" "Oh… Estel..." one of the elves said with dropped disappointment. "Gandalf how long will he be like this?" "I do not know. I did not think he would be this affected by it." the wizard admitted. Aragorn spoke up again. "Do you think we could go find my twin?" "No Estel." Elladan said and sighed, trying to come up with a plan to either make this disappear or hide it. "You know father will not be happy." he said out loud and directed the statement to everyone present. "Well...Hear me out…" Aragorn said and held a finger out to try and hush everyone so he could get a new idea out. Everyone waited and looked to the hazy man. And still they waited. "Hear what?" Elrohir asked. It looked as though the man was stuck in thought. "Would that not work?" Aragorn asked. "Would what work?!" Elladan nearly snapped. This situation was bad and it clearly was not going to get better any time soon. "You have not said anything!" "I didn't?" "No! You had a beginning of a thought, and an end… no middle." "Oh… I didn't?" The man asked again, he scrunched his face up in disbelief before he realized his error and burst out laughing. "You are right! Forgive me! I meant to say we go find * my * twin and tell Ada it was him. He can get in trouble." "Estel..." Elrohir interjected softly. He knew he was arguing a useless point to the spaced out man, but he wanted to try and calm his running thoughts. "You do not have a twin." "I just have to check a mirror." "That is not how it works." "It did for you." "No... no it did not. You do not know what you are really speaking." "Get him inside..." Elladan cut in with curt annoyance. They ushered Aragorn inside and closed the balcony doors to try and keep prying eyes away as they stood in a casual room. The wizard and two elves surrounded the human and looked at him, trying to find out what the best course of action. "We have to hide this from Ada." Elrohir said. "This will not go over well if he finds out." "What do we do with him?" Elladan asked. He was clueless. "Gandalf? Do you know how to reverse this?" the younger twin sighed as he asked the question. "Aside from letting it pass on its own, no." the sorcerer said. All eyes were directed back to Aragorn who was off in his own world and made no attempt to be part of their conversations. "I'm hungry." Aragorn mumbled. "There is nothing we can do about that now Estel." Elladan said quietly. "You are going to have to wait until this passes then you can go get supper. We cannot let Ada find you this way or else, I am afraid, Gandalf will be banished from here." he said as a half-hearted joke. Of course Elrond would not banish his friend over this, but the elf lord would be far from pleased. "So what are we going to do with him?" Elrohir asked the unanswered question again. "Well..." Everyone froze and all heads turned to the hallway. A slow smooth voice was floating to them as Elrond and some other unseen person made their way through the halls. Everyone scrambled. "Gandalf!" Elladan demand and shoved Aragorn to the old wizard. "Take Estel and keep him from sight!" They were all panicking now. "What do I do?!" Gandalf nearly boomed. They were so close to discovery and the only thing he could rationally act upon was fleeing. "Just… take him to the bathroom and let him try to find his 'twin'! I think it is safe to assume he will be able to entertain himself easily!" Elladan frantically shoved the two into the main hallway and towards the private bed chambers where they could take cover. Time was precious and they were running out of it. "Just keep him secret! Keep him safe! We will head Ada off and keep him occupied as long as we can!" All Gandalf could do was nod. It was a clumsy plan, but right now it was their only plan. He dragged the groggy man down the hall as the twins set their appearance and worked a calm over themselves before they headed straight for their father. "Ada!" one could be heard giving off false surprise as he diverted his father's attention. "We just got back from our hunt. Wait until you see the buck I was able to take down with a single shot! Come see! It is in the cellars!" All four kept their fingers crossed in secret.