message unless something had happened? What could possibly keep their sister and her husband from writing? Injury? Illness? Attack? Capture? Assassination? So many things could go wrong for a ruling family, and the burden would fall to Faramir to send the bad news abroad. Wait. Just read what he has to say. Start with the first line , Elrohir scolded himself as his eyes locked on the first words of the letter. To my dear friends, I hope this letter finds you both well and in better spirits then when we last met. I'm certain you have found numerous projects to occupy your attention, as have I. Both elves smiled slightly. The twins remembered joking with Faramir about how there would be nothing to do in Imladris. In Gondor, their days had been busy rebuilding Minas Tirith's infrastructure and defenses. It was dramatically different from their current activities. But enough pleasantries, Faramir. Why do you write? Elrohir thought as his eyes quickly continued. There is truly only one reason for my letter to you, and I simply can not keep skirting around it. I am pleased beyond words to announce that my beloved Éowyn is with child, and we expect its arrival in early autumn!! Our secret was announced during Aragorn's birthday celebration, much to my disapproval. We wanted to wait until after the banquets, but somehow Éomer guessed the truth, and the information quickly spread through the room. It was not long before Aragorn was at my side shaking my hand and asking questions… The letter continued on for another two pages before concluding with an invitation to Emyn Arnen the following September. Apparently Estel was planning an extravagant festival to welcome Faramir and Éowyn's child, and they wanted all of their close friends present. "I knew it wouldn't take long," Elladan said as he flipped through the remaining papers. Arwen and Estel had indeed sent their own letters attached to the end of Faramir's. Apparently they hadn't wanted to ruin the surprise by sending separate messages since they knew the twins would read theirs first. "Faramir told me they wanted a child before too many more years were behind them." "We should have more than enough time to get everything in order here. I don't see why we couldn't spend a few months in Gondor, either in Emyn Arnen or Minas Tirith," Elrohir said with a sly smile. They were overjoyed for Faramir and Éowyn, and it would be a perfect opportunity to escape from Imladris. Simply thinking about seeing their friends and family again was enough to draw the two back from their previously dark thoughts. "I agree with you entirely, brother! Grandfather should be here by then, and Erestor won't sail until sometime after the winter solstice. There will be more than enough qualified elves here to manage the valley while we're gone." "And collection of the winter stores will have started by then. You and I have helped organize it for nearly 2800 years, and others have done it far longer. I'm sure someone else would be up to the task this time." He paused before turning to completely face his brother. "We will have to bring gifts for the child," Elrohir mused, smiling. "And for the proud parents," Elladan offered as he returned to his seat. "Any ideas on what they should be?" Four hours later, Elladan and Elrohir finally agreed on the various gifts they would be bringing to Gondor. There were two in particular that would prove extremely difficult to find, four that would require several weeks of work in the smith shop, and one in which the twins would have to combine their creative skills to produce. Such a welcomed distraction would focus their minds and keep them from dwelling on the future. There was still time to decide, several hundred years at least, and until then, Elladan and Elrohir knew they would be welcomed among either peoples. They could still be among friends and loved ones and enjoy the wonders of Middle-earth whether they were with Men or Elves. In five months, Faramir and Éowyn were going to have a child, and Estel and Arwen would start a family soon as well. There would be an entirely new generation of Men who would bring their skills and creativity to the world, a new generation to be taught the old ways, the ancient tongues, and the stories of their forefathers' sacrifices. There would be plenty of other things to occupy the troubled minds of the twin sons of Elrond. The answers they desperately wanted would have to come in their own time. They had to do what was in their hearts, and no matter how much time was spent in contemplation, the mind can force the heart into nothing. It has its own will. The dark thoughts would always haunt them in the late hours of the night, but the two would work to ensure their days were filled with lightheartedness and optimism. It was the way of their people, the way they were raised. One morning, they would wake up and their hearts would announce its intentions. Until then all they could do was wait. When the master of the Grey Havens stood on his last ship and made the final call for those wishing to depart, they would choose. Then the two brothers would announce their path, together, as they had always done and not a moment before. AN: Originally, I wanted to just end it here, however my beta suggested otherwise. So I decided to write a short Epilogue to finish everything off. You should all thank Jay for telling me not to leave everyone hanging. G Unfortunately, I'm having a hard time finishing it. I know where I want to go, but it's just not flowing right. My hope is that posting this first part will get me off my bum and force me to write. So, this is definitely a time when reviews will greatly help.