crawling into bed with them. As usual Séro was happy and kept trying to get Legolas out of bed by whatever means possible. His current strategy involved jumping up and down on his back while laughing loudly. Finally, Vanelossë got them off the bed and out of their room so she could quickly dress. Before she left the bedroom, he grabbed her to him and gave her a deep, loving, and passionate kiss that made her whole world turn upside down. The fact that he could still makes her weak in the knees just from a kiss after all of these years was amazing to her. She reluctantly slipped out of the sanctity of their room while he finished getting dressed and prepared to leave. By the time he was prepared to leave, she had gotten all of the children fed, cleaned up, and dressed. She was braiding Alasse's long hair to keep it out of her face and had Séro wrapped around one leg screaming for attention. As soon as he saw Legolas, his attention shifted and he ran to him yelling "Ada!!!" Illisse had already started crying because he was leaving. Even Alasse was quiet and sad. He bent down and scooped up Séro and then with the other arm scooped up Illisse telling her not to cry. When Vanelossë was done with Alasse's hair, he handed her Séro as he picked up his other little elleth. "You two need to be good for your mommy. Help her out with Séro if you can and behave for Calime," Legolas said tenderly to his young daughters. Calime was the elleth who helped out with the children, and the king had asked her to move in with Vanelossë to help out full time until Legolas returned. Grateful for the company of her friend, Vanelossë accepted the offer and Calime was moving in later today. She was wonderful with the girls and even had amazing patience when it came to Séro. She had also become a very good friend to both Vanelossë and Legolas. Legolas was still talking to the girls and both girls were nodding their heads to his instructions of how they should behave. Alasse was very solemn and Illisse was still crying softly. She had put her head on his shoulder and had her hands in his hair wrapped around her fingers as she sucked her thumb, as she often did when she was very upset. She was the picture of sadness and it tugged at Legolas' heart. He knew that before long, Alasse was going to give in to her emotion and start crying as well and he dreaded it. She infrequently cried so when she did, it was heart wrenching to him. Since Legolas' arms were full of children, Vanelossë grabbed his things, and handing something small to Séro to carry. They left their quarters and walked to the entrance of the city to meet his father. Tauro and Mehtar were riding to Rivendel with Legolas and they too would be meeting them at the gates. They were his friends as well as his companions through many things such as this. As they walked through the city, the other elves nodded to them knowing that the normally happy family was in turmoil now because of Legolas' departure. When he saw Thranduil, Séro pulled away from his mother and ran as fast as his little legs could carry him to jump into his arms. Mehtar came and took Legolas' things from Vanelossë loading them onto Legolas' horse. Séro was screaming that he wanted to ride the horse as he sometimes did with Legolas, not realizing what was happening. When Alasse began to cry and wrapped her arms around his neck, Legolas heart ached. He had almost decided not to go. He would rather stare down a dragon than see tears in his daughters' eyes. Legolas kissed his daughters goodbye many times, and hugged them tightly before he handed them to Calime who had come to say farewell. She embraced Legolas and promised to care for his family. Taking Séro from his father, Legolas dangled the child above him while he squealed, then kissed him goodbye as he held him tightly. Séro had just learned to say the word, and started laughing as he spoke. "Namarië, Ada" and gave him a big kiss before he erupted into laughter. Legolas was overjoyed that he would have that laughter ringing in his ears during difficult moments to come. Giving Séro back to his father, Legolas returned to Vanelossë taking her hand and walking toward his horse. Everyone turned away and gave them time alone to say goodbye. She was biting her lip in an effort not to cry, but tears had already started sliding down her face. "Van, please do not cry. This is hard enough as it is without seeing you cry. You are breaking my heart, melethrilen," Legolas bent down, pulling her to him, and kissed her lovingly. Vanelossë wrapped her arms around his neck and whispered to him, "Please be careful and come back to me soon. I love you so much." Vanelossë took her husband's face in her hands and kissed him on the lips softly, at first then, intensifying the kiss by sliding her tongue in his mouth as he lightly stroked it with his own. After a few minutes, she pulled her lips away from his and he held her tight breathing deep of the overwhelmingly feminine scent of her. Finally letting her go, he whispered, "I love you." He then called out to Mehtar and Tauro. They mounted their horses as Thranduil walked over and said to Legolas, "Be careful son. Return home soon. I will take care of your family until then." Legolas nodded and looking at them all one last time turned the horse away. Séro was yelling "Namarië" over and over again but he did not look back because he knew if he did, he would be unable to leave.