… please explain to me how you are going to assist this great dragon if you keep passing out every time the creature opens its mouth? Is there no other way?" He had to agree that Anayah did have a point. After thinking for several moments, he decided to tell her the rest of the story - the backdoor of it all. "There may be a way …" He began. He looked at Anayah and saw the willingness in her eyes and knew at that moment that he could trust her with this most difficult mission. "The elder elves, whoever is closer, will go to the dragon's aid but if they cannot for some reason, they have the option of sending someone, in their name, who will take their place and who is willing to become the champion of the dragon in its time of need." When it looked like Anayah was about ready to speak, Elrond held up his hand. "Please - before you give your answer, I want to make sure you know everything." Anayah settled back and after getting her father another cup of tea - a plain cup of tea, this time - turned her full attention to what her father was saying to her. "This task must be kept secret at all costs - even at the expense of your own life. To emphasize just how important it is to keep this secret, even as you stand at the feet of the dragon, if someone were to ask you 'Is that a dragon,' you are to deny that a dragon is standing behind you." Anayah smiled at her father. "I promise I will put on my best innocent face when I lie." "Anayah, this is a serious matter!" Anayah leaned forward and locked eyes with her father and for a moment he saw something in her eyes that held the promise of the strength of her commitment. "And I am serious as well, Ada." Was her quiet reply. After only a short pause he patted her hands. "Then it is good." He sighed deeply as if satisfied with his decision to confide in her. "The only reason one of the old ones would have called out its distress would be if they were in trouble - and this one sounds as if it is in pain. After you leave, I will go back to Imladris and summon the elder elves for I foresee that their experience and skills will be needed before this is over." Anayah shook her head vehemently. "No. Absolutely not, Ada. There is no way that I am going to let you go through Troll Country unescorted. I will escort you back then go to the dragon's aid." "Anayah, I am a grown elf, and I am able to defend myself and I do know that the best defense is not to put myself into a position of danger in the first place. I can hide from or evade a troll just as good as you can, young one." Anayah paused then nodded. "Point taken, Ada. And even though I am not getting a good feeling about this, in this case I will agree to your wishes." Elrond smiled and nodded his head in acknowledgement then took another sip of tea and spent a few moments gathering his thoughts. "When you reach the dragon, pledge your aid. You will know what else is needed when that time arrives. But whatever you have to do, Anayah, know this one truth - neither of the Old Ones can be killed or sent into bondage with the dark powers - you must prevent this from happening by any means necessary. My heart is being torn knowing what it is that I ask of you, daughter, but I also know that you do have the ability to see this thing done." Anayah began to assemble her weapons and called for Elias. "Ada, I have two excellent partners so if the need arises, I will send Shakir back to Imladris for aid for he will be safer in the air and would have the better chance of making it back there alive." Finally, Anayah was packed and ready to leave. Elrond hugged her fiercely to him for a moment then pushed her away to arm's length and looked deeply into her eyes. "My heart is at war, Anayah, for it tells me that my duty is out there," he motioned with his hand to the north, "and not sending someone to go in my place. But my common sense tells me that we have made the right decision, you and I." When he saw the tears welling up in Anayah's eyes, with one running down her cheek, he put his hand on the side of her face and with his thumb wiped it away. "Be at peace, daughter, for in time my heart will come to agree with the rest of this elf! Bring yourself back to me - to us … daughter!" They both chuckled quietly. Anayah patted her stallion's chest and when he dutifully raised his knee for her to mount, she stepped lightly on it and swung herself into the saddle. She looked down at her father. "I am thinking, my Lord, that perhaps in the grand scheme of all this that Ilúvatar had a plan - a master plan, if you will - and in this master plan there was a highly empathic elf that was meant to do something else. We don't always know the reason we are meant to do certain things and sometimes we are not meant to question it. I have faith that we are doing the right thing, Ada. Now, my Lord, are there any last minute instructions?" Elrond gently stroked the stallion's velvety nose as he talked. "Follow your heart, Anayah, and know that my blessings go with you. I have faith that you will know exactly the right thing to do when the time comes. TBC