new, deranged Muslim that Bush doesn't know about yet! What kind of mental torture are you trying to pull? * " This was the last straw. She was entirely convinced that this was no longer a dream, but was now some crazy POW torture. Legolas stared at her with an annoying calm look. "I do not know bin la den, muss limb, or Bush, nor am I...er...trying to pull any mental torture." "Great! So, what... I have a mental problem caused by a concussion?" "I do not understand your reason of panic-" "Just...please, be quiet for a minute!" pleaded Sam, rubbing her temples. This was not helping her migraine, which had yet to ease up. 'Okay,' she thought. 'This guy doesn't act like he's intentionally trying to do anything except help me. But, saying that he's an Elf?' She sighed. 'Fine. I'll play along, but the minute he tries anything, I swear he will pay.' "Okay, fine," she said. "Whatever. You're an Elf." "You are obviously unwell. I think, perhaps, Lord Elrond should make sure that you are not plagued by anything serious," said Legolas, in a tone that booked no room for argument. "Wait," she said, planting her feet as he began to drag her off. "What about my team?" "We saw no one before you. I am sorry," he said, avoiding her eyes. 'They can't be dead. They're still probably near the border, while I'm...here,' she thought doubtfully. Tears began to form but she put on the steel military mask and followed Legolas, while his comrades followed them. Sam barely noticed where she was walking as grief tried to overwhelm her. Her first recon and her team was already gone. She knew that something would happen; her gut had never let her down before. Then again, what would she have said to Colonel Jacobs: "Excuse me, um, Sir? Whenever something bad is going to happen I get a...feeling in my stomach. I don't think we should go on the mission today." He would have sent her straight to the base psychologist, who needed a shrink himself. "Samantha?" Sam jumped. Legolas was looking at her in concern. "We're at a suitable room for you." She simply nodded and walked in. The room smelled faintly of apple cinnamon. It had a white four-poster bed on the left side and a balcony across from the door. On the right was a dresser. Next to the bed was a small, elaborate nightstand. On the floor were two down-soft pale cream rugs; one on the right of the bed and one at the foot of the bed. The color, though white, did ease her headache slightly. "Samantha," Legolas called from the door. "In his message, Lord Elrond said a feast would be held tonight. You should attend, for there will more than likely be space at the table." "Okay," she said softly. Legolas shut the door and apparently walked away, though Sam didn't hear him, not that she was paying much attention anyway. She sat down on the bed. There was no way her team could have survived the impact and aftershock of the missile. It was therefore logical to assume that she too was dead, but this was a strange life-after-death kind of deal. There was a soft knock at the door. "Come in," called Sam. A beautiful, raven-haired...she-elf entered the room. The elf smiled reassuringly. "Prince Legolas tells my father that he found you on the road." Sam nodded. "He also said that you were looking for some of your people. I wish I could tell you that some people clad in your uniform arrived here within the day, but none have." "I kinda figured that," Sam said, closing her eyes. "I am Arwen. Could you please tell me what happened?" asked Arwen. "My name's Sam, by the way, and I'd rather not discuss it." "If you do not speak of what happened now, while it is recent, time will make your story harder to tell. The grief will fester for years to come and may eventually explode, much as Orodruin has every few centuries." She opened her eyes. Well, if Arwen put it that way... Sam opened her mouth and began to recall what happened, starting with the Alpha Base's last message. A/N 2: So, what did you think? Please R&R so I know whether to kill the story while it's only on the first chapter, or to keep it. A/N Edit 2012c.: Okay. In regards to my reaming on women in combat: As an author, I believe I am entitled to creative license . This means that my story does not have to follow guidelines laid out in our known world. One such example is my use of Sam and her fellow female soldiers in open combat. So, basically, what I'm trying to say is, "This is my story and my mind governs pretty much everything within its plot and inner workings. Just because something happens one way in reality doesn't mean my story absolutely has to obey reality's rules." I'm sorry if my inaccuracy was offensive to anyone. It wasn't done with the intent to piss you off. I promise. *Another point I was reamed on was the sentence I asterisked. Again, as an author, I'm entitled to use literary tools. One such tool is known as character development . Am I a fictional character named Samantha Kaufmann? NO. Therefore, just because that's Sam's opinion, DOES NOT mean it's my opinion, too. My plan, and I do remember this much about the future of this story, was for Sam to eventually learn tolerance. I have nothing against Muslims or Islam. By the end of this work of fiction, Sam wasn't going to either. Again, my intent wasn't to offend. I wrongly assumed that people would go along with the fact that, yes, that was Sam's opinion at present, but she was going to eventually change her perspective. For my incorrect assumption, I deeply and sincerely apologize. ~AC R&R