still inside?" Mother shuddered. "I shall not!" "There truly is no risk," he said. "And it will prove to you once and for all that you need not be afraid." No doubt it was the imputation of fearfulness that provoked my mother into trying; Amrothos was a perceptive man. "The seventh, then the second," Father said, helpfully, and she turned the pegs as he directed. The metal ground and the door sealed. Mother blanched, cursed, and hastened to turn the pegs once again. The door opened, revealing my father's cousin, beaming back at her. Only now was Father permitted to re-enter the chamber. Again he circled the small space, coming to a halt in the centre. "What kind of world must it have been?" he wondered, gazing round, his arms folded. "To promote such secrecy and mistrust amongst men that they would desire to build such a device? Such a cruel trap, springing from a cruel cast of mind..." He shook his head. "Aye, that surely was the true Downfall – the Enemy's handiwork indeed." "So you are certain it came from the Land of the Star?" my mother said. She looked inside again with the kind of apprehensive awe with which she often treated her husband's weird inheritance. "Brought by those of your ancestors that came back?" "Look at the craft, love." "And what do you think it once contained?" she said. "I would guess – those of their possessions that they were able to pack in the time they had." "Such a large space, my love! Yet we are not living daily amongst work such as this." Mother rapped her knuckles against the metal, which gave a hollow response. "What happened to the contents, do you think?" "Some small things have survived," my father said. "The leather case which has so enchanted Morwen, and a few other pieces that you have seen in the Steward's House. Some I think my father destroyed..." A shadow sped briefly over his face, like a cloud across the moon. "But most will have been lost when Ithilien fell to the Enemy. All gone," he said, holding up his hands, and giving her his sombre, tender smile. "Like the house beneath which it was hidden." She strode inside to join him. "Ah love," she said, grasping his hands and holding them to her, "I would have settled for ruins, if that was what there was." And they kissed, and for the first time I understood the depth of his sense of loss for our land, and the nature of their pride in its restoration. On her way back out, Mother gave both us children a fierce look. "This," she pointed behind her, "is out of bounds." I never transgressed this rule – although naturally when Bron returned home I gave him full information as to where the vault could be found and how to enter, and I should not dream of speaking for either him or Léof. Mother's directive meant that I did not see much of Amrothos for the rest of his visit, since his days were spent investigating the vault and its workings. (But spare a thought, if you will, for the poor member of the White Company despatched by Mother to stand outside while Amrothos was within, to watch for the waxing of the moon-marks.) He was also delighted that we had found the meaning of the silver 'letters' on my case, which he was sure held the key to deciphering several fragments that had long languished untranslated in the City archives. I believe he tarried there for several days on his journey home to Belfalas. My father, too, was richly compensated for his labours. The box found beside Turgon's body was of no particular worth in itself, being made of an ordinary dark wood, but within lay a great treasure – a ring wrought of black metal, wound about with a thin thread of silver. There could be no doubt of its origin. Like the vault in which it had lain undisturbed for centuries, it too had surely come with our ancestors when they fled Númenor, faithful servants of the Lords of Andúnië, rewarded for their loyalty with their lives. A rare gift it was indeed, to have survived the double losses suffered by our house – Númenor and Ithilien, the Land of the Star and the Land of the Moon. The ring fitted perfectly on the middle finger of Father's left hand, and I never saw him without it again. And I? I, at heart, was a simple creature, easily satisfied. I threw myself with great pleasure into the preparations for the yáviérë festival that was coming at the end of the month. The day itself was made complete by the letter I received that morning from Bron, brimming over with outrage at missing out on such a great adventure, and which I store, with all my treasures, in my black-and-silver case. Author's notes: For Isabeau of Greenlea, who has been promised an Amrothos Holmes story for a very long time, and has waited so very patiently. Hope this suffices, dear accomplice and partner-in-crime! Thank you to the Espresso Addict for the suggestion that gave me my point of view character. On the Númenorean section: The device of the white tree and the crescent moon I've made up. I intended it as the insignia of Elendil's secret police (don't tell me he didn't have one), of which I have made Faramir's ancestor the head. In her dream, the machine that Morwen hears coming to save her ancestors is Elendil's Chinook, or the Númenorean equivalent (don't tell me they didn't have those either). The family vault is based on the black stone of Erech in The Lord of the Rings , a great black stone globe twelve feet in diameter. Makes you wonder if there's anything inside that too. Insincere apologies to Sir Arthur Conan Doyle for the scandalous rip-off of The Musgrave Ritual . Altariel, 4th-10th May 2011