sat down, knowing that there was no chance in getting him to leave. Once acquiring a promise from the Prince to not get in the way, Elrond began to unwrap his son from all the blankets and cloaks placed upon him, then continued with the bandages so he could inspect the wounds. Elrond began with the side wound; "He was lucky the dagger deflected off a rib, it kept any serious damage from being done." While it was true that it continued to bleed slowly it was due in part to how deep the damage went and the constant movement of the horse. Washing the wound, he then packed it with herbs and bound it again. Moving on to the shoulder, he closed his eyes as the bandages came off. The wound was obviously badly infected, the edges red and swollen, but it was the dark substance that oozed from it that had Elrond really concerned. The wound was poisoned and as Legolas saw it he gasped. "I am sorry, my lord, I did not notice the poison." "It is well, Legolas, I have seen this poison before and it takes time for it to make itself known. You cleansed the wound and did all you could. I do not fault you." He then set to work on cleaning as much of the dark substance from Estel's shoulder as possible and packed it with the same herbs he had used on the human's side. Binding the wound he then asked Legolas to get him some water, and prepared a tea to fight the poison, then another cup to help with the illness the man was suffering from. Placing a cold compress to Estel's forehead he tucked the covers in around his son. Elrond sent Legolas to get some rest in his own room. The prince knew that Elrond would sit with Estel all night, but his concern for his friend kept him in the room. Only after swearing that Estel would make a full recovery, and would sleep the rest of the night, did Legolas finally retire to his room. Smiling softly as the younger elf left the room, Elrond was glad his son had made friends with the prince. He didn't know exactly what the future held for his son, but he knew that whatever it was, the woodland elf would be a part of it. It had been a little over a week since their return from the forest and the human was well on his way to a full recovery. It was true that he did still get slightly winded if he overexerted himself, but for the most part the cold was nothing more than a memory and even the residual effects would be gone in another week at most. The stab wounds were almost healed and the poison was no longer a concern. Legolas found Estel sitting on the balcony gazing out over the valley lost in thought, a blanket draped over his shoulders as the sun made its way toward the horizon. Sitting down next to the human, Legolas waited, knowing that Estel had something on his mind and that he would speak of it when ready. After a while, without shifting his gaze, Estel began to speak, "I am sorry I was not strong enough to defend myself against the Orcs. My weakness could have caused us to lose the fight and you could have gotten hurt or even killed, that is unacceptable." "If it is forgiveness you seek, I can not offer any," Legolas began and watched as Estel flinched at this comment. Placing his hand on the blanket covered shoulder he continued, "There is nothing to forgive, mellon nin. You were ill, and even if you were not, there is no telling what may happen in battle. Even had I been with your brothers or another elf, the outcome was not guaranteed to be different. In all likelihood I would have had two elves to drag home to Lord Elrond instead of one human." Smiling slightly he continued twisting Estel's words around, "Had I not been fighting with a human I may have been injured or killed." Estel studied him for a moment before grinning, "I suppose you are right, my brothers do seem to attract more trouble than they can handle." Turning serious again he went on to say, "I am sorry I hid the poison from you." He dropped his gaze to the balcony floor and continued, "There was nothing that could be done for it and I... I just didn't want to worry you." "Oh Estel, I love you even though you are young and naive. I was already worried about you. You are my friend, and the brother of my heart. The only thing that would keep me from worrying about you when you are injured is to see you recover. I will always be there for you, gwador nin." Estel was silent for a long moment, not knowing what to say. Finally he asked, "Do you really mean that, mellon nin?" "Yes, Estel, I do. * 'A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born in adversity.' * I think we have been through more than enough dangers to make that statement true, don't you?" The elf smiled and looked down at the human sitting next to him. Making sure the man knew that what he said next was true, he continued, "There is no one else I would rather have by my side." Their eyes locked and showing more grace and dignity than a seventeen-year-old human should, he replied equally seriously, "I would be honored to call you gwador." Legolas smiled and nodded. The two fell into a comfortable silence, both watching as the sky turned purple, the last of the suns rays sinking below the horizon. FIN * 'A friend loves at all times, and a brother is born in adversity.' * (Book of Proverbs, 17:17) ** Originally written for a writing prompt