and his brother swore he heard a little pleading in his voice. "Because of what he did, we need to know why-" He fell silent, his eye catching something in the distance. With a quick gesture, both rode toward it quietly and dismounted about twenty feet away. The river rumbled more loudly with each step they took though they could see nothing of it apart from a clear drop, but both had their eyes fixed on the small campsite ahead. There was no shelter, but the ashes in the small fire clearing were still smouldering slightly, and so had not long been abandoned. Elladan knelt down, noticing something tucked behind a rock. "It is Estel." The elf said grimly. "I recognise his shirt." He continued, turning to his silent brother. "I think I know where he went." He murmured shakily. "Elladan…" Rising to his feet, the bloodied and torn tunic still in his hand, he moved without a sound, his heart thudding nervously until he reached Elrohir, who was sitting on the overgrown grass. He peered down at the skid mark that the other twin was running his slender finger over, and then over the edge, where the dark stain still glared painfully. His stomach lurched, and his hand rested upon the soft head of his brother and pulled him to his thigh comfortingly. "It might not be him." "You just said it was." "I know… we should take a better look before jumping to conclusions." Elladan whispered, and made his way down the side slowly, his elven agility making the task simple enough. Standing on the bank in an uncomfortable hush, the brothers stared at the smudge of blood for a few moments, unblinking and unable to look away. The sky grew a little darker, the clouds thickening and greying, the wind gaining strength and a chill that made them both shiver sympathetically. "There's a storm coming." Elrohir said quietly. "We should move on, find him before it hits. Estel will be injured and maybe unconscious-" "He's dead, brother." The elf cut him off gravely. "No one would have survived this fall, it is over forty feet." "Estel is strong, he has been in many scrapes and accidents and been fine, this is no different." His voice trembled and suddenly he began to sound like a young boy. "He landed on hard rock, if that didn't kill him, then the weight of his pack would have dragged him underwater and he will have drown-" He paused, lip quivering, staring down at his feet. Elrohir shook his head, and stepped forward, submerging his feet into the swelling waters that crashed along the rocks with increasing ferocity as the weather turned. "We cannot just assume that he is dead or even be sure it was he who fell." He hissed, though each word he spoke became more and more unintelligible as his emotions tipped over, and the tears rolled down his fair cheeks. "Estel?" He cried loudly, his voice carried in the wind and echoed around them. Elladan said nothing, jaw locked solemnly as he tried his hardest not to break down like his sibling. His eyes flittered around their surroundings; there were a few scraggy plants struggling to survive, but it was mainly algae covered stones on a bed of grey and dull green that was the cliff disappearing beneath the river. "Estel?" He gazed at one spot for longer than he had the others, where a curious silvery grey glint had caught his eye until, finally, he took a small step and lent over and fingered it tentatively. Palming it, he straightened up and apprehensively opened his shaking hand, and ran his finger over the cold metal; the drying blood clung mockingly to his skin. Without a word, he approached his brother, who still stood in the water shouting into the distance, kissed him softly on the forehead and placed the ring in his hand, before slinking away watery eyed. This letter reaches you as our home lies in a state of mourning and sorrow. My father feels you should be told of this news, though Elladan and myself were hesitant because of the recent breakdown in relations between you and our young foster brother. I know much anger and hurt remains in your heart toward him, and we will never fully know what happened or why Estel acted the way he did, but I know that he always thought greatly of you. Perhaps you will be unmoved and feel nothing more than relief at what we have to tell you, but hopefully there is still a part of you that remembers your brotherly bond that had been so strong this past decade. We believe that Estel has perished in a tragic fall. There is little more I can tell you, nor can I bear to continue, my heart is being shattered all over again. I will write again soon, my friend. He stared at the parchment silently for a moment, his gaze trailing slowly over the words, written with a trembling hand, smeared with the agonised tears of a grieving sibling. An illiterate man could tell you what was written. Scanning the short message once more, his fair hair stood uneasily on end and his breath caught in his throat. Yet no sadness came over him, shock perhaps, but he would not grieve. He simply wanted rid of the memory, of that shadow that seemed to hang over him. No more. The paper crumpled reluctantly in his hands and it drifted to the floor with a soft rustle. "I care not." He mumbled irritably. "Dinner is served, my Lord Legolas." An elf announced formally, startling the immortal prince. "Thank you, I will be along shortly." To be continued? It's a bit bitty (great use of vocabulary I know) but they won't be so short and as many in the rest of the story. I would really appreciate some feedback because I'm rather nervous that it's a bit shit…