hold in my heart, one that I was loathe to tell my wife, though I knew she would in time sense it, sniff it out. But for the moment, she was too caught up in her grief to notice my contrition, so once again, I left for the solace of the mallorn trees. Yet no comfort could the trees give me, though they tried. In my heart I held fast to the echoes of a conversation I had never had, one in which I urged my daughter and her party to take reinforcements from among our numbers with them, for I held an evil foreboding in my soul concerning my daughter's journey. But Galadriel was usually the one to handle such matters. If she, with her flashes of foresight, sensed no reason to send additional protection, why should I have second-guessed her? So I kept my concerns to myself. By remaining silent, what disaster I brought upon my daughter, my wife, and my son-in-law! Now do you understand why I said that I failed Elrond? Alas, Elrond! Forgive me. When I had brooded for I know not how long, I returned to my wife with firm resolution. "Dearest," I announced, believing that I was making the right choice, "I will leave this realm and sail with my daughter, that she might not be alone on this journey. Middle-earth has yet need of Elrond, and I know well that he will not abandon the fight against evil. And Celebrían would not wish Elrond to leave our grandchildren to fight the growing darkness without the strength of their father. But you, my love, are more than capable of ruling this Wood without me." Of course she was, for I had been a curse upon my family, or so I thought. Alas, Aragorn, self-loathing can be a most potent enemy. But Galadriel surprised me, as she still does. People may think that marriage holds no new discoveries for two bound as long as we, but I assure you, young one, a wife is an endless depth of mystery, and I am blessed to be given the chance each day to learn my lady anew. "Celeborn!" she said, and her voice no longer wavered with sorrow. Her words were venom, crafted to sting and maim. Perhaps she was hardened by her sadness; perhaps she was simply being clever, for she knew how to reach through my murky self-loathing to the strength and pride that dwelled yet in me. She was clear, resolute, impossible to ignore. "My love, millennia have I known you, and all this time, never have I known you to be a quitter!" "No, a quitter I am not; however, I am not quitting," I said. "Now you speak truly, for you have already quit, left this marriage and this realm to me alone. Did you think I have no need for the one who shares my soul? Did you think that I yearn not to feel your presence? You have been here in body, Celeborn, but too oft have you been elsewhere in spirit, locking yourself away from me behind that wall of darkness. When I asked you to send patrols to the Redhorn, you cared so little for our bond that you neglected to complete that one simple task! You left me alone in my fears. You , Celeborn! The one who was to protect and comfort me for all time! Celebrían will leave, yet she and Elrond will yet be together in mind and spirit. You and I, however, dwell among the same trees, yet oft do I feel alone. Why, my love? Why have you forsaken our bond?" Her words were harsh, yet my heart took wing and soared to the treetops, seeing our Golden Wood as if for the first time. She needed me, Aragorn! All along, the real reason for her anger concerning my failure to order patrols to the Redhorn was her fear that I no longer cared to support and protect her. And now, though darkness had befallen us, it seemed that a new light was kindled in my spirit. My beloved, the Lady of Lórien, needed me! And she was right: I am no quitter. So I stayed. How many men could resist the appeal of Galadriel? I certainly could not. Oh, I shall not burden you with the tangled, messy aftermath of this affair. Suffice it to say that we argued, we cried, we argued some more, we sat silent and held each other, and when we could think of naught else, we argued again. But we remain, centuries later, to see the fading of one age and to greet the dawn of a new one. Always shall I remember the underlying message of her words: souls can not be separated as long as they chose to turn toward one another in mutual trust and love. Believe that, young one, and know that Arwen and Elrond will always share a union of heart and mind, for their bond will survive their farewell. And as long as you and Arwen turn to one another, even in the face of marital strife, your souls will remain bound, as well. Now, to return to this broken necklace. If you want my advice, and whether you do or not, I give it to you and urge you to heed it: go, make amends, talk, argue if need be. Just do not turn away. No matter your qualms, be wiser than I was and turn to your beloved forthwith. Far worse things are there than arguments, Aragorn. There is silence—deadly, icy silence. But before you go, young one, let me add one final thought, a benediction, if you will: Aragorn Elessar, King of the Reunited Kingdom, may the Valar bless you with unsurpassed patience as a ruler and an even greater measure of patience as a husband. Eru knows that with a wife like my high-tempered granddaughter, you will undoubtedly need all the help you can get.