village wasn't large; it did not take long before Mat's bloody blade was spotted. The corsairs shouted to each other in their tongue and Mat found himself before a quartet of opponents with more close by. "Dovie'andi se tovya sagain," Mat muttered his favorite phrase. Mat stormed forward the ends of his ashandarei blurred as he smashed into his first foe. The corsairs weren't fools and attempted to surround him. They were too slow. Mat killed the first with a blistering combination, it had worked on Couladin and this raider was no Couladin. After killing the first he was forced to parry several blows. Every attack was deflected and he scored several minor strikes at the pirates. The man he had earlier rescued distracted one of his opponents and in that moment Mat struck driving the blade of his ashandarei deep into the torso of his foe. He yanked it out and slid away from another slash. His movements were precise, as if he was born into the body he wielded. With only two to face him they grew fearful. One shouted again in his tongue, likely calling for help. Not wanting to wait around for more reinforcement Mat swiftly killed his two remaining foes. Two more raiders vacated a house they had been pillaging and were slain with almost contemptuous ease. His foes were skilled and the gambler was wary of their speed. Mat thought they actually had a bit better reflexes than most line soldiers but they were no Aiel. They also seemed to have no sense of how to fight a weapon like Mat's, their lack of any meaningful armor also hindered them. 'Good thing these blasted bastards don't have bows.' Other villagers were appearing from hiding places after seeing the corsairs being slaughtered. Three more men of the village appeared, two picked up the weapons of the corsairs while one had a woodsman's axe. Another half dozen showed themselves and Mat called out. "To me! Send them back into the sea!" Mat led the charge and the men behind him shouted as well. Mat cut one foe down in the first clash. The men beside him boxed him in however and he cursed as he was forced to fight defensively. Not able to fully use his weapon's reach he was forced to continually block strikes on the haft. Thankfully, his keen eye spotted an opening beside him as one corsair lunged forward to strike down the villager with the axe. 'Not on my watch.' Mat pushed his foe backward and then shunted his weapon to the side, catching the lunging corsair in the ribs. The somewhat awkward strike tangled up his weapon and he had to drop it as his initial foe struck. Mat wasn't fond of the open handed fighting the Aiel trained in but he was quite familiar with it and other forms of unarmed fighting thanks to his long memories. Weaponless he was able to twist away from the blow, catch the man's hand and then break the corsair's grip. Disarming his opponent was just the first step. He followed it up with a knife hand strike to the man's neck that left him gasping for air. This gave Mat the time he needed to retrieve his weapon. With a third of the enemy down Mat went to work. They lost a villager but six more of the raiders were carrion fodder. More and more rallied to his side, soon it was the corsairs who were retreating. The rout was not long lasting, instead nearly a score had gathered outside of the village proper. Mat led two dozen out. They were much aggrieved, raids by Umbar had come the previous spring and a village but ten leagues away had suffered. Behind Estelmor they gathered ready to repay the raiders for the death and destruction they had wrought. Mat raised a hand and the villagers did not move past him. "Leave if you value your lives," he called out in Westron, the common speech that most Men spoke. Mat thought it likely the village would win but more blood would be spilt. They weren't trained soldiers, nor had they lived a life of battle. Fortune, as it so often did, smiled on him. He had been seen by the men of Umbar fighting. They had seen his glaive like weapon and his mastery of it. After a few more moments of indecision they backed away and fled to their boats likely only a league away. The men of Anfalas were nearly overcome with the desire to chase them down. It was only Mat's steely countenance and sharp rebuke that stayed their kindled desires for battle. "Send a rider to Lord Golasgil and inform him of what occurred. We need to tend to the wounded and honor our dead." Mat spoke with power and authority, the voice of someone used to command. If any thought is odd that Estelmor the hunter had that type of bearing or skill at arms they kept their silence. For who could gainsay the one who had brought them to victory and felled so many of their foe? AN: Yup, the start of another new story. The introduction is a bit heavy handed. Essentially I'm altering canon by a large degree by stating that Melkor still has power to influence Middle Earth. However the Valar will provide a measured response to any interference (limited as it may be). Both have the gift of foresight and therefore Melkor's stroke was to banish the One Ring so it could not be destroyed allowing Sauron to complete the conquest of Middle Earth through force of arms. By the books the Free People's of Middle Earth were vastly outnumbered and were massively screwed unless the ring drop occurred. The Valar, also having foresight of Melkor's actions, brought in Matrim Cauthon. He is a general from the Wheel of Time book series to give Gondor and its allies a chance of holding back the Shadow.