The wound was not bad, but the fever kept me ill for several weeks. I wrote to you about it after the event, do you remember?" "Of course I remember. I was beside myself." They looked at each other sombrely. "What was your move, cousin?" "I think... this." Faramir detached a captain from the board and pegged it back in place. "Yes, you like that opening. I wasn't surprised to see you fall back on it, given the circumstances..." Amrothos moved another pawn. "Yes, yes – I remember now. Autumn of 'fifteen. Did you winter in Ithilien?" "Yes, I think... Yes. Most of it. Back for a week or two around mettar ë ." "How was that?" "Between us Boromir and I kept ourselves cheerful." Faramir moved one of his own pawns forward. "I seem to recall that even at this early stage I had a strong sense of foreboding about my prospects." "It is true that your moves were increasingly poor. One might almost have thought your mind was elsewhere. We're heading into 'sixteen now." Amrothos moved another pawn, and then began to move several pieces from both sides. "You fired off a couple of responses in quick succession at this point, as I recall. Does this seem right?" "I trust you implicitly, Rothos." "But does it seem right?" "I think so. Yes. I think I remember that." "And then you went quiet until the autumn." "'Sixteen... that was the long hot summer. Yes. Which brought many Haradrim along the road." Faramir glanced at his small son, who looked back at him calmly. "I had other business that summer." They each made a move. "'Seventeen was more of the same," Faramir said. "I fear this is where my game declined precipitously." "You were dreadful. Better during the winter. Where does that bring us? Ah. The summer of 'eighteen. The battle for Osgiliath. I came to see you that summer, as I recall, Faramir," Amrothos said lightly. "You took me swimming in the Anduin and we blew up a bridge." Léof looked up sharply, his eyes nearly popping from his head. Faramir reached across the board to clasp his cousin's hand. "I'm sorry," Faramir said softly. "I wish that I had not—" "And I am glad," Amrothos said firmly, "that you did." Releasing Faramir's hand, he turned his attention back to the game. "You went very quiet after that." "Boromir went away. Father required me close at hand. And I spent the latter half of the year riding out to the fiefdoms to ensure that when the time came we would have the numbers to defend the City." "Which is why we saw you in Dol Amroth that winter." "Did we play much that time, Rothos? I don't think we did." "You spent most of that holiday asleep in the library. One of us would go by every few hours to see if you were awake yet or in need of watering. Usually you were still asleep." "How ungracious a guest! I am sorry. But I was so tired." "We didn't mind! We were glad to see you. We didn't know when we would see you again. If we would see you again." They stared at each other. "You brought a move with you," Amrothos said. "And you took one away with you. New year. Thirty-nineteen." Faramir looked back at the board. His hand hesitated over the pieces. "I was back and forth between the City and Osgiliath at the start of the year. Then, briefly, to Ithilien, at the start of March. Home again, under shadow. And then... And then..." Words failed him. In the chimney, the wind howled. Faramir's hand, hovering, began to shake. Amrothos felt his heart twist in his breast. If there were truly Powers in this world, he thought, they would come to my aid now . "Papa," said the little boy, watching the game and not his father, "it's your move." Slowly, Faramir withdrew his hand from the board. He reached out to touch his son. Tenderly, he stroked the fringe that fell over the boy's eyes. The child, looking up, gave him a sunny smile. Faramir studied him gravely. "You're right," he said. "My move. But I fear this game was lost a long time ago." "You won earlier," the boy pointed out. "And you can always play again." Now Faramir smiled, beautifully, and Amrothos had to look away. Hand covering his face, he thought: We will defeat this, cousin. Piece by piece, we will bring you back to yourself. If it takes an age, we will restore you to yourself. "Yes," Faramir said gently. "I can always play again." Then, suddenly shifting his weight, he sat up straight. "Will you take my surrender, Rothos? We do not need to go any further." "Of course, Faramir. Of course." Slowly, they began to remove the pieces from the board. Léof held the box open for them as they dropped the pieces inside for safekeeping. "May I take the set, Papa?" he said, when they were done. "Of course you may." The boy picked up the knife and the tinderbox. "And these?" The rain hammered hard against the window. Faramir leaned over to kiss the top of the boy's head. "In a few years, perhaps," he said. "But not yet. Not yet." Notes : I have borrowed extensively from stories written by my wonderful partner-in-crime, Isabeau of Greenlea, most of which are available on this site, or else at TolkienFanfiction dot com. For Amrothos' proficiency on the oud , see Liquid Numbers . For the significance of Faramir and Amrothos' chess games, see Doggerel . For Lothíriel dancing with Denethor at the Midsummer Court, see Shall We Dance? For Faramir's spear injury, see Blackbow . For Amrothos' part in the destruction of the bridge at Osgiliath, see The Blasted Bridge and Consolation . For Faramir's journeys about Gondor in the winter of 3017, see my own A Pale Light Lingering . Altariel, 28-29 September 2011