to shine on her. She was such a vision to him in the early morning light, he could not help himself. He walked over to their bed, leaning down to kiss her softly on her forehead. She stirred, opening up her sapphire eyes sleepily, and smiled when she saw him. " Hwaes sy hit, min easlufu?" she asked (what is it, my love?) He smiled down at her. Lothiriel had studied Rohirric diligently since their betrothal. What subject would want a queen who could not speak their tongue, after all? She had worked so hard, and indeed had become so fluent that she sounded as one born in the Fold and not on the faraway coast of the Bay of Belfalas. He leaned in and kissed her lips. " Hit sy nanuht, min faeger cwen." he said (it is nothing, my beautiful wife) She giggled. "Leasere!" (liar) " Ic beon angilde poht gerad faeger du beon innan se aering scimrian."(I was only thinking how beautiful you are in the dawn sunlight) " Ic easlufu du."(I love you) he smiled and kissed her again. " Ic easfulu du swa eade." (I love you as well) She smiled again, sleepily, yawning and stretching under the fur blankets. " Ic beon framweard aet bisaec Herweald. Ic scolde beon carseld aer midnedaeg" (I am departing to visit Hereweald. I should be home before midday) " Abeodan min easfulu. Ic bocriht aeala du scortlic." (Farewell my love. I will see you soon.) He smiled again and quietly left the room. As he was closing the door, he looked inside one last time. Lothiriel was stretched out on the bed, sleepily gazing at him. He would never forget the sight of her, on the bed, surrounded by a halo of sunlight, bidding him farewell. Little did he know it would be the last time he saw her in such a peaceful state. Eomer gasped as his head slipped under the water. He had been so engrossed in his memories that he had begun sliding further in. He jerked upright, splashing a good deal of water on the floor. He gulped for air, and then his throat closed tight once more. He buried his face in his hands, reliving the final days of his wife's life in seconds, over and over again in his head. He did not even notice when Maerdwyn crept back quietly into the room, bearing a small wooden tray with a bowl of thin soup, a hunk of bread and a mug of mead. She saw him, hunched over, his shoulders quaking as he silently vented his grief. She set the tray down, walking over to the tub. She sat in the chair, and reached out her hand. She touched his arm and he jerked upright, looking at her but not seeing her. When his eyes refocused, he looked at her, his face falling again into despair. He grabbed at her arm, and she got up, kneeling beside him, wrapping her arms around him. He gripped her fiercely, as if he had fallen down a cliff and she was the rope tossed down to save him. He cried, as he had never done before, everything he had been feeling for days coming out in a single torrent of sorrow. He squeezed his eyes shut but tears came anyways, and he felt rather than heard the wailing scream that tore itself from his throat. Every emotion he had felt, sadness, anger, rage, betrayal, all burst forth like they had wills of their own. And through it all, Maerdwyn simply held him, as his heart broke in a world that had already come tumbling down. ~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o~o A/N: I hope my first chapter was good. I am going to try and post a new chapter once a week, but I work full time plus have a household to run... so it may be every two weeks once in a while if I am busy or have a case of writers block. Reviews are always welcome! I am trying my best, and have always wanted to write an Eomer fic (he's one of my favorite characters from LOTR). Though I must ask, please no flaming on changing the story from canon. I try to stick with it as much as possible, but this is fanfiction after all. I am using an online translator for Rohirric. I have not been able to find an actual translator for Rohirric itself but I do know it was almost solely based on Old English, so I am using an Old English translator. I can only translate one word at a time, so if Old English had a different grammatical order for its phrasing and word placement I cannot do that. I am literally translating word for word. Also, sometimes there are multiple words that come up as a single translation for a word I use (example, the modern English word 'well' ends up having about ten different translations, depending on whether it means "I am feeling well"/"I am getting water from the well"/ "Well, what do we do now?"/ etc.) Sometimes there is no exact translation and I have to find a word that is similar but not exactly the same. Also, there are some words that have male/female versions (example, the love of a husband/wife, the love of a mother/father, the love of soldier comraderie, etc). I do the best as I can with the hopes that it makes the story more interesting. And worry not, I won't be using Rohirric all the time, only when it adds a little something. I thought having Eomer and Lothiriel using it for a few lines was sweet, showing how hard she had worked to learn the language of her new people. The funeral song sung by Eowyn is the song sung in 1959 for the passing of the Queen Mother in the UK. I thought it was appropriate for the death of a queen of Rohan, especially when they speak Old English!