it means to be a servant to others." Aragorn released his friend out of his bear hug and looked him in the eyes. "Come on now, let's see if Gimli has found out what has happened to his axe and if he has found out if my son is still alive. I really hope he is because I want to teach him a lesson of life." Aragorn turned to Tagor and the captain wished instantly he was in another place. "Tagor, I think you are one of those who knew all of this and did not tell me either, right?" Tagor had the grace to blush, but before he could answer, Aragorn continued. "I want you to prepare two horses, but buy them in the city instead of using some out of our stables. See to it that they are well fed, for they will need all the strength for the journey they will make in a few days." Tagor bowed and left the throne room, pondering about the strange request his king had made, but then again, who was he to question the decisions of his liege? None of them noticed the small figure who had watched the whole events hidden behind one of the huge pillars of the hall. Eldarion waited until his father and the elf had left the room too before he left his hideout to head for his own rooms. He did not know what his father would do to him, but according to the "punishments" he had received over the years it could not be that bad. He smirked and thought about the bet he would win this evening. He was sure to win, for no one dared to win a bet against him. some days later "FATHER, I WILL NOT GO!" Eldarion yelled. The boy sat sulking in the chair in front of his father's desk, arms crossed in front of his chest. "Oh yes my son, you will go and you will leave this afternoon. It is time for you to learn how to behave and I know no better way than send you out to live like the people around us. You will go to Rohan and you will work there in whatever profession King Éomer will see fit. He and his wife will be the only ones to know who and what you are, so do not try to pull rank to others. Believe me, I will find out." Eldarion opened his mouth to snap back but he closed it without uttering a single word when his father's fist connected with the table top. "Not a word, I do not want to hear another objection from you! I talked to a lot of people these past few days and I have learned a lot more about you than I wanted to learn. I am ashamed of you and your behaviour. You will learn that you cannot treat people like you did in the past. This will end and it will end today. Before you leave, I want you to attend to the audience this morning and I want you to apologize to the people of Gondor for your rude behaviour. Then you will leave and you will not return before one year is over. If I hear that you have not changed I will not hesitate extend this little trip." Eldarion was at the brink of tears, for never before had his father spoken to him this way. But then again, before all of this his father had not known what he had done. He dared not to look up from his lap. The last thing he wanted to see was that his father hated him. As if Aragorn has read his thoughts the boy felt a pair of strong arms wrapping around his frame. "Do not get me wrong, Eldarion, I love you, we all love you, but you have to learn that life is not only fun and games and you cannot do everything you want to or treat people like they are your possession. On the contrary, you owe these people and not the other way round. As a king you are a servant to the people of your country, and you my son, have to learn how to serve." Aragorn got up from his knees and took the boy's hand. "Come on, let's have breakfast and then you can go and pack your things." Later that day Aragorn and Arwen watched from the gates as the silhouette of their son and his companion disappear in the distance. "May the Valar protect you my child," Arwen whispered, tears running freely over her face. Aragorn wrapped his left arm around her shoulders and hugged her tightly. "He will return, méleth and he will be stronger then he is now. This is the best for him, believe me." "I know, but it is hard to see him leave, Estel, for he is our only child." "It was necessary, but I know that no harm will befall him. Tagor will make sure of this. He is a strong warrior and he will protect Eldarion with his life." Aragorn tightened his embrace. "Come, let's go back." It was more than two years later when they finally could welcome their son back into their life. Not because the boy had not changed, but because Eldarion himself had wanted to stay for longer. He had learned to love the simple life and he enjoyed the unexpected freedom that came with the loss of his home and name. It had taken some time but he had learned the lessons of life and he never again treated another being like he had done as a child. He even joined the rangers on their journeys through middle-earth when he came out of childhood, and for some years he was only known as Heledir the ranger, always accompanied by his friend Tagor, before he followed his father's footsteps to take on the throne of Gondor. The End