He even managed to lift himself from the ground, yet he had not been able to hold it for long – he would though, now that he knew how. This dimension in which nature moved, the one they perceived but that neither the first nor second born could sense, was a marvel. The colours were different, the smells were more acute, the brush of breeze over semi-solid flesh was as a lover's reverent caress – the physical forms that made it up were simply outlined, and it was their light, colour, temperature and the sensations they emanated that told him what was what, yet the angel's form had been perceived as if he were seeing it in his own, native dimension. He wondered at that, and tucked the question away for later. He smiled in joy as he opened his arms and span around, feeling his semi-solid hair swishing around him, watching the lights as they blurred around him and he laughed, and rejoiced. Finally coming to a halt, he turned to gaze upon himself, something he had tried not to do since that first, weed-invoked journey that had so unbalanced him. Yet now he was emboldened, for he knew there was nothing to fear save the strangeness of it. Indeed there he sat, cross-legged, his forearms resting over his naked knees, his eyes closed, yet light from the corner of his eye drew his attention and he turned his head to Aiwendil, and yet his master was not there, but another – for there, sitting peacefully before their small fire, was the angel, looking straight at him and setting his skin to tingling in painful realization, for he wore a simple, knee-length linen shirt, one that was transparent if you stood before the light – this was no angel, but an Ainur ... He woke slowly, once more in the caring embrace of an old man who smoothed his hair away from his face and brushed his cheek in silent greeting. This time, Legolas had no trouble recalling the evening's events, and as he felt the worn skin brush against his own, youthful cheek, he turned his face and kissed the wrinkled palm of his master. Gone now, were his pre-conceived ideas of a scatter-brained yet goodly old wizard. No longer did the wizard seem naïve - a playful yet insignificant wizard that lived his self-centred, bucolic life amongst plants and animals – serving no purpose yet in himself, harmless. Aiwendil had, in Legolas' mind, become the powerful Maia he truly was, an Ainur of great strength and beauty, coherent to a fault with his natural magic. He had defied a Vala – for he simply refused to fight, and that – that was courageous indeed. That night was the last he would spend together with the Ainur, and as they sat in the enchanted garden once more, Legolas raised his voice and sang, much to the delight of the Maia, who gathered the creatures of the forest to him in silent invitation to listen to the spell-binding beauty of Legolas' homage. He sang of beauty and diversity, of nature and its bountiful fruits. He sang of goodness and the need to protect it. And he sang of Yavanna and of her guiding spirits. He poured his very soul into the song, for his apprenticeship had touched him deeply, changed him profoundly, had given him a wise councilor and friend in Aiwendil that he would never forsake, and he wept for the joy he felt, for this and for what the Lady had created – this fascinating new world that Legolas was so privileged to have come to know so intimately. ….. It took Legolas five days on foot until he finally found The Company. He had needed that solitary trek through this still healthy part of his father's realm, for the experienced he had lived together with Aiwendil had transported him, left his frame of mind totally unsuitable to the one he would need to guide his brothers. Now, Aiwendil's instructions must be reversed, for here, he could not feel, only do – and accept. On that first night back in The Company, they had lit a fire and roasted the game that Rhrawthir and Pengon had hunted – the first meat Legolas had eaten for over a month. It was paradise to his bereft palate and he ate with relish, much to the amusement of his warriors who watched him fondly, wondering what Aiwendil had been offering their lord in the way of provisions. It was Nanern who broke the comforting silence, his voice slow and purposeful, as a bard speaks the words of a poem and suddenly, they were all reminded of Lindohtar, their lost Bard Warrior. "'Tis six nights ago now, that we heard it, my Lord…" he began, watching his commander as the flames danced over his noble face. "Six nights ago that we heard the Song. It was sung with such skill, the singer moving from low tenor to high, contralto notes so soft and pure that it melted our hearts and we stopped to listen, sitting together and absorbing it as if a balm to our aching souls, to the troubled hearts of these hardened warriors," he gestured with his hand to his brothers. "It wove its magic and set our hearts soaring high above the mundane, infusing us with a joy so complete it brought a tear to our eyes," he whispered finally, the spell of his skillful story telling working on the warriors as their minds cast back to that strange event, for Nanern, curiously, did not exaggerate. "It is a shame you missed it, my Lord…"said the Teller of Tales, holding Legolas' eyes before casting his own back towards the flickering fire before him. However, Dimaethor spoke then, for he had been observing his commander through Nanern's recounting of the Song. "I do not think he missed it, Brother…" he said softly, "I do not think he was absent."