see the glow of Shane's fire, or smell the smoke. All around her were trees and the smell of damp earth She put her things down and cleared and area to start a fire. She found some tinder in her backpack, set it on the ground, and then went looking for some wood. After finding some fair sized pieces, she went back to her campsite. She lit the tinder, which burned readily, and then added the bigger pieces of wood, until she had a good sized fire. She shivered and found herself wishing she had brought a jacket. It was in the middle of fall in Wyoming, but she hadn't expected it to be this cold. She was wearing her favorite jeans that were almost black and an Evanescence shirt under a black hoodie with a red A in calligraphy script on the front. She built up the fire a bit more to keep herself warm and then set took some strong sticks to make a spit over the fire and hang the pot she had brought on. After it was boiling, she put in the a few cubes of chicken broth in and dissolved them. Then she put in the pack of dried veggies and chicken and noodles. She let it boil for five minutes before taking it off the fire. She smiled. It was just enough for her. Letting it cool, she ate right out of the pan because she had forgotten a bowl. After it was gone, she took out the rolls and butter and ate them as well. Feeling full, she washed out the pot with some of her water and re-packed it. A good melody for a song popped into her head and began forming. Now all she needed was words. She picked up her guitar and strummed a haunting melody and sang from her heart: " In this world of pain and doubt I don't feel at home. I don't belong here So where do I go? How do I live In a place so cold? I'm falling forever My emotions confusing me More than ever. I'm drowning In a sea of pain. I don't know who to turn to. Please help me Find where I belong. My world is dark and grey. Help me find the light. Lead me To my destiny. I lie inside myself Afraid to come out. Help me find a place Where I can be accepted. My soul cries out To all the powers In all corners of the world And beyond. Lift me up In your arms And keep me safe. Help me Find my own world." Tears streamed down her face as she sang what she had been longing to admit for a long time. She didn't belong here. Even though she had friends and family, she still didn't feel at home in this rapid chaos called reality. People could be so cruel. People had forgotten that there can be a different way to live that doesn't involve drinking away your pain. Her heart longed for the simple things, things she had tried for so long to get out of her life, but just couldn't seem to find. She pushed away all the negative thoughts and forced herself to stop crying. She never liked crying, and hated being seen as weak, but she just couldn't help it sometimes. She put her guitar away and took out her journal and wrote down the lyrics to remember them. She then unrolled her sleeping bag and laid down as close to the fire as she could get without being too close for comfort. She decided to practice her swordplay in the morning. She fell asleep to the sound of soft singing from afar in a language she recognized as Cherokee. But so tired was she that she didn't think about why she heard the singing. It was so soothing that she could not think. She just fell into a deep sleep. Adriane awoke to a bright sun. She sat up and saw the rocks around her, same as before, and recognized her backpack and guitar and sword, and her fire was in the same place. But she could not deny the fact that she was not in the same forest she had been in before. She was in a field of dry grasses; very different from the lush green grass she had fallen asleep on last night. Being the practical person she was, she reached the conclusion to not panic. She tried to remember what had happened while she was in her bedroll. The only thing she could bring to mind was a beautiful, haunting song in Cherokee, and she vaguely remembered seeing a flash of white light before falling asleep. It was beyond her what could have happened, but from what she could gather, the song she had sung last night had stirred her ancestors to help her. Although she had no idea where she was, she trusted her ancestors to keep her safe. Adriane wholly believed that there could be other worlds out there, other dimensions. She had asked for help, and now that she had gotten it, she couldn't really ask them to take it back. She decided to go on with her day and try to find some sort of civilization, because from what she could see, she was in the middle of a hilly, grassy, plain with some rocks and she could see mountains very close. Luckily she had packed extra just in case she decided to stay later in the forest. She ate a granola bar and some dried fruit, saving the rest for later if she needed it. She took out her sword and started her drills she had memorized. Her body went into auto-drive, lunging and blocking and parrying with an invisible partner. She swung it around in practiced gestures of half circles and twists. So absorbed was she in her practice that she didn't notice the group of people approaching her.