young son with his flushed face and his slightly pointed ears and all the confidence of a child in his eyes. He would only remember the warm flood of hope that returned to him with Eldarion´s words, as if the clouds that had kept the Valars´ light from him had been chased away by a seven-year-old´s insistence. Estel had found hope again and it would not fail him. Part five His Mother´s Son It had taken them more than one hour to carefully free Legolas of his prison. As they found out later, the elf had been trapped between the pony´s body and several rocks and branches that had been caught in the birch trees roots. The immortal had only survived because Rúnya´s corpse had been massive enough to create a small cavern around the elf´s head and torso, keeping him from suffocating. Aragorn had been strangely confident as he and Gimli worked, knowing in his heart that his friend had not received fatal injuries. They had gingerly moved Legolas once he had been free, but only far enough to carry him off the path of debris the mud-slide had left in its wake. They had then made camp right were they were, neither of them bothered by the eerie scenery that surrounded them. The danger had passed and all that was left was relief. Gimli had assisted Aragorn in binding the elf´s broken ribs and cleaning his various cuts and bruises. Their work had been slow and Eldarion had watched with interest, helping when he could and seeming to find solace in the role he had played in Legolas´ rescue. Night had fallen, and they sat in silence. Gimli did not leave Legolas´ side, watching the elf closely and tending to him with a care that made Aragorn smile. Yet the dwarf remained true to his nature and it raised the mans spirits to listen to Gimli´s grumbling chatter that he kept up almost without a pause. "Now see here, elf", he growled as he wrung the cloth he used the bathe Legolas´ forehead, "I hope you realize what immense efforts form my side were necessary to save you today. First I was abandoned and ran until my lungs burned, then I had to clamber onto that furry felon you call a steed." Gimli ran the cloth along the elfs temple and Legolas flinched in pain when it came into contact with one of the numerous bruises that the floods debris had left behind. The sudden movement caused the unconscious elf even more agony and he tried to roll over in order to escape it, but a strong hand on his chest stilled his movements. The dwarf was careful not to put any fresh pressure on the other´s broken ribs but effectively prevented him from stirring. "Now, now, none of that", Gimli chided, his tones far more gentle now than they had been a heartbeat ago, "shush, my friend, lay still." He waited, watching his charge´s pale features with keen eyes until he was sure the danger had passed. Then he shook his head and spoke on. "And I sure hope that you are aware that my presence was vital to you still possessing that immortality you so like to rave about. Without a dwarf´s knowledge of stones and their behaviour you would not have been freed. If not for me, you´d still be trapped and don´t you forget that." "Hey!" Eldarion objected sleepily from his safe position in his father´s arms. Gimli winked at the boy and whispered: "I know of your achievement, young prince, and I´ll be in your debt for the rest of my days. But believe me, severe concussion or not, if I keep up this talk I´ll have him annoyed enough to wake by dawn." Eldarion chuckled and snuggled against Aragorn once more, watching Gimli with drooping eyelids. The child grew heavy in the king´s embrace but just when Aragorn thought his son had fallen asleep he stirred again. "Rúnya was brave today, wasn´t he?" The small voice was heavy with tears. "Aye." Aragorn placed a gentle kiss on the child´s head. "He shall forever be remembered for what he did for you." "And for Legolas." There was satisfaction in Eldarion´s tone now, even though the sadness remained. "And for Legolas", the king softly agreed, "even though it was really you who saved his life, my little hope." He stopped himself, never having called Eldarion his hope but realizing now that without doubt there was no more suitable description for his son. "Yes, and he saved me", Eldarion yawned, "and then you saved me when I cried." He turned his face into Aragorn´s chest and finally succumbed to his exhaustion, falling into a deep sleep. "Poor little bugger", Gimli commented from across the fire, "and I do not mean the elf for once. You´ll need to get him a new pony, Aragorn." "In due time, Gimli", the human replied, stroking his son´s hair, "in due time. He will need to truly say goodbye to Rúnya first." They were quiet for a long time, listening to the horses who grazed nearby and the wind that caressed the grass. "He truly is his mother´s son", Aragorn said with a sudden smile, "he not only possesses her elven sight and hearing, but also her easy hold on my heart." Gimli chuckled yet replied: "Nay, laddie, there you are mistaken." When Aragorn raised his eyebrows at him the dwarf continued with grin. "He surely is lady Arwen´s son, but he is also yours, Aragorn. Seldom have I seen a human who´s so stubborn and neither one who so readily clings to an elf, silly creaturesthat they are!" Aragorns low laughter rang across the plain. Once more Earendil smiled down upon them and the world transformed into a pool of happiness. The darkness that gleamed behind the elves´ most beloved star did nothing to steal Earendil´s beauty but only enhanced it, making it shine with renewed strength. The end