before heading to my job , and I make sure to lock the door and throw the bloody shirt . I work in a small bookstore that is a twenty minute drive away , I love my job yes it might not be the greatest but I love it , I took the job after taking some courses in the community college . I've been living with my aunt since I was six years old , after the death of my mother in a car accident she took care of me , I never knew my father he left when my mother was still pregnant with me , yes there were times when I wondered what it would be like to have him in my life , but I dismissed the idea since my aunt made sure I was loved and supported . When I get to the bookstore and open it to start the day , I get lost in my job and forget for a while what happened , putting my attention to the customers . I close the bookstore by eight-thirty , and I head down to my home , in four weeks I'll be moving out to my own place and my aunt will be selling the house by the end of the year after she gets married to her fiancé Ben , he works as a lawyer in some company and he's really funny , he's one of those people that you can't help but like, and he makes my aunt smile like a kid in the middle of a candy shop . By the time I get home my aunt has finished preparing our dinner , we eat while she tells me about her day , and I tell her about some customer asking about a book by Jane Eyre which makes her laugh , a few minutes later Ben joins us . I help her with the dishes before going to sleep , my day was exhausting but enjoyable none the less , last night I got busy reading a book , which ended up with me falling asleep in my jeans and t-shirt without realizing it . After I brush my teeth and change into some comfortable shirt and some sweatpants , I lay in my bed thinking about what happened today . it was real , the golden haired stranger with his pointy ears I could still feel the beat of his dying heart under my palm , at that moment everything comes back and I tie the events , pointy ears , inhuman beauty , falling city ,a monster with a mane of fire and a whip , golden hair , battle field. " oh my god … no freaking way , there is no way that I was in Gondolin this morning " I whisper to myself as if it was going to make me sound less insane , but I knew that it was true . I was there , the puffy eyes , the muddy jeans , the bloody shirt . I read the sillmarillions a few years ago after I finished lord of the rings , I don't remember much but I do remember the fall of Gondolin and that the golden haired stranger is an elf lord named 'Glorfindel' , and the monster with the mane of fire is actually a 'balrog' , leave it to Tolkien to come up with these names , now that's a talent . Somehow it made me feel better that the strang … I mean Glorfindel will be reborn and that he will reside in Imladris with lord Elrond , and everything will be perfect , except that some guy was trying to take over the world with his bling bling , WONDERFUL . Impossible kept playing in my head like a broken recorded , while I tried to find a logical explanation to what happened , in the end I gave up trying to figure it out and I fell asleep hoping with all my heart that what happened this morning won't happen again . As the Days went by I found myself forgetting the incident as if it were a bad dream , I convinced myself at some point that it was a dream , a very vivid one , but deep down I knew better. After two weeks of the incident I fell asleep like any other night , but it won't be I realized that after I woke up on the ground again and scrambling up to my feet to find Glorfindel with his hand mid air , holding a quill pen from the parchment he was writing on , shock and disbelieve written all over his face and he's eyes wide open , neither of us moved or breathed we just stared , as if this was some trick of the light and blinking would make it go away . the room where we currently stood seems to be some kind of a study , I gathered that from the pieces of parchment laying around the dark wooden table . He was the first to break the silence . " aina' Iluvatar … " ( holy Eru ) " holy fuck … " I don't think my greeting was polite but , I was busy freaking out and wondering how this keeps happening and why . " ta il mar , saian lumme " ( it cannot be , centuries have passed ) I didn't get a word of what he was saying and he didn't seem to notice , he was busy trying to comprehend the situation. " um … hello Lord Glorfindel … again , you're not dying are you ? " I said the last part with worry in my voice , even though I knew he wouldn't understand what I said . Thank you for reading . P.S : the Elvish used in this chapter is not entirely correct .