to be part of their games... though it did look fun. She took a seat on the grassy mound and began to sing the song once again, this time with purpose as though she were singing to her grandfather. The white star flowers surrounded her and she began to pick them absently as she watched her brother and his friends regroup to start the second heat of their competition. Éomer and Eohric were now the ones in charge of the rallying and when the other men were positioned in the pen, Éomer let out a shout to start a new leg of the barrel race. The dust was kicking up easily now that the ground had been broken by the first set of riders so the competition was hard to follow, but cheers were called out to them and the sound carried over the plains and to Éowyn's ears. She did not understand the rules of this new race. Instead of immersing herself in following the competition, she went about her business and picked more of the delicate flowers. Her lap was becoming covered in them and rather than let them go to waste, she took each stem in her hand and began to braid them together, making a fragrant ring that she placed upon her head. She added to her flowered crown little by little as her singing continued. The sad ballad then turned to happier tunes and she began melodize words of freedom and courage while watching snippets of the competition from afar. Every now and then, she would catch Éomer glancing towards her. He didn't really acknowledge his sister, but he knew she was still there and he seemed mildly agitated. She did not know why he was so bothered by her presence here, but she was not doing anything wrong so she remained. A few hours came and went and Éomer and his friends had run several races in that duration. The men, now sweaty from their physical activities, began to break up and they dispersed, ready to close out the relays that tired them and their horses. By now Éowyn's crown was thick and full and she managed to create a linking chain of flowers around her neck. She watched as the men headed for the city, but Éomer did not follow them. Rather, he took his leave of the group and he slowly made his way over to her. It took a few moments for him to cross the expanse that separated them, but finally the young horse master made his way over to his grandfather's grave to join his sister. Éowyn looked up to him with a careful smile in greeting. "Who won?" She asked indifferently. Éomer could hear a particular disappointment within Éowyn's words and he looked to the ground with a deep sigh. "Did you lose?" Éowyn asked. Her question was not meant to be a barb of any sort, but she did not follow the game closely so to her it could have been anyone's victory. "Nay, I won." "Then why so gloomy over it?" she pressed. She held a white flower in her fingers; its stem was picked far too short to be added to her decorations so she carefully tucked the bloom in her hair behind her ear for safe keeping. "I am sorry Éowyn?" he mumbled softly. "For what?" she had no idea what he was apologizing for and she was puzzled over his ceased excitement that was so strong a few moments ago, "You are right… You do live here and you do deserve a chance to be part of it how you see fit." Éomer looked up to his sister, but the vision he had not long ago was sharply counted by her current appearance. She sat among a thick patch of flowers that were woven delicately into her appearance. Her youthful face was smooth and unassuming and her pale blue eyes were bright with life. She resembled no warrior right now and looked every bit of her innocent age. Éowyn was taken aback for a moment. She did not expect Éomer to ever come to terms with her unladylike wishes, but the fact that he might be contemplating her role in life differently made her smile. "I just never thought you would want to live this kind of life and I only ever pictured you in safe hands, not fighting to make the world safe." "It is everyone's duty to make the world safe." she said easily and Éomer only nodded. "Aye… I am sorry." He apologized guiltily again. She shrugged, offering the gesture as vague movement that neither accepted the apology or declined it. Her smile was reserved, but there was a spark of mischief in her piercing eyes. "You could make it up to me then..." she suggested casually and Éomer's brows began to worry. "Explain barrel racing to me. I want to know of it." Éomer let out a soft sigh. For a moment he thought she would be so bold as to ask to go out on patrol with him, or go hunt bandits, or even orcs, but her innocent curiosity towards a game was a relief and he beamed to Éowyn. "It is hard to explain." he said and looked to the vacant ring he was once riding in. A thought came to mind and he did his best to contain his strong smile. "It would be easier if you rode it and learned as you went along." Éowyn's jaw dropped slightly and she looked to Éomer with disbelief. Éomer was amused. "You did say you were excelling riding, did you not?" He questioned as Éowyn seemed to not be able to speak. She shook her stunned moment off and stood quickly, ready to ride. She descended the small mound quickly and her brother extended his hand to her. He pulled her up into the saddle with him and urged his horse to begin walking back to the ring.