he had not, might Boromir be living yet? For that had indeed been the reason that their father had chosen him to send North – and so he had been driven to madness, and had died. And yet, Boromir had loved this man – it had not, as Faramir had long thought, been either weakness or indulgence. It was as Boromir had written, that Andrahar was the other that he loved best – if differently. And how, then, could he begrudge it? Faramir recalled too well the sadness that had settled on his own heart, when Éowyn had been remote and unattainable, and all he could see of the future was a hopeless love. Would a long life lived like that have been worth it after all? Would he have truly wished that for his brother? Éowyn's love had remade him; it had restored him to himself. Amidst all the sorrows and the losses and the long slow war that had near consumed them all, would he have denied Boromir a taste of that joy? "For my brother's sake," Faramir said, "I am glad." "And for your own?" It seemed to Faramir then that there was something bitter on his lips, as if he had drunk deep from a cup and come as ever he did to the dregs. Keep him safe in keeping yourself safe, Faramir – if ever you loved me, you will do this. So his brother had written, in his last letter, and had given him the means to keep his love safe. Such a legacy had been passed on then; such a tool Boromir had given him. One that had wounded without ever having to be used, one that Faramir most fervently wished had remained forever lost. A splinter of memory, sharp and unwelcome, was brought back to him: of his mother as he last remembered her; of himself – after she had gone – wandering from room to room, seeking her, until Boromir had come and found him and led him away. Aye, he thought, with all my heart I wish it ; with difficulty, he said, "That is not at issue here." He saw Andrahar move, with impatience; and made to forestall further speech – lifting his hands, in peace, but firmly, to hold it in abeyance. Not this, Andra . You have had my brother, and you have his son, and I have borne it with what grace I can find within me. All of it you can have, and gladly – but you shall not have the pieces of my heart. "No more on this, Andra," he said. "I have nothing more to say on it. And, besides, what matters most, surely, is Brand – his health and happiness." For a moment it seemed that the tiger might still spring, and then Andrahar drew back. Perhaps it was that he could recognize a truce when it was offered, or that he knew when a battle could only become needlessly bloody; perhaps it was for Boromir's sake, or Imrahil's, or for Finduilas herself – or perhaps it was simply that he remembered very well a young lad who had worked hard for the sake of a father whose love could not be gained without condition. Whatever the case, it was Brand that the two men spoke of, and became as easy as they could be – for the boy was loved by both of them, and maybe not so differently. All the rest – that, Faramir thought, was his own, all that was left of the ones he had lost, and he would hold it to himself, to trouble his dreams and harrow his heart, tasting joy whenever it allowed. Swift moments, they seemed, at times, rushing past him ere ever he had the chance to capture them and learn how he might hold them: a vision of a boat, on a silvered path; a boy whose face restored a little of something lost; finding and loving Éowyn. "Has it all turned out for the best?" Imrahil asked him later, anxiously, holding him by the shoulders, as they were saying their goodbyes. "It has," Faramir replied, which left his uncle content, and brought no more questions upon him. The cup was beginning to run dry; he found very little left in him to give. o-0-o- Edoras, April 3020 I end this letter swiftly so that it will await you upon your return. May your journey south be a safe one; may you find there something of your brother to ease that sorrow which I know all too well, and most greatly wish to ease in you myself. Rest knowing too that any child of your brother's is welcome in my heart and my home, as I myself was once made welcome at my uncle's hearth. My love, I wish this letter might arrive before your journey, so that you might go south believing that I know you will meet this child with all the courage and kindness with which you won my heart. And be not too sorrowful, my love, if your cares are not eased as once they were by the sight of your Sea. As I walk the halls of Meduseld, I find my thoughts turn north, to your city, and to the green land beyond the river. Ithilien awaits us. Westu hál, Faramir, most beloved of – Your Éowyn o-0-o- A/N: "Now you know the truth, Boromir had finished after the stark revelations, and it is not unfitting, or so it seems to me, that I entrust my beloved to the other whom I love best if differently. Keep him safe in keeping yourself safe, Faramir – if ever you loved me, you will do this." From In Extremis by Dwimordene. Thank you to Isabeau, Dwimordene, and Alawa for brain-storming and hand-holding beyond the call of duty, and without whose help and advice I couldn't have finished this. A very happy birthday, Isabeau – sorry it took so long.