He sighed when he realized how much truth was in his words. "If there had truly been enemies with Legolas, they would have two victims to torture now." "You acted with little thought, Estel," Elrohir agreed, "but with much passion. It can give you strength but it also clouds your judgement." "Aye," Elladan agreed, "and if this is a lesson you learned today, much was won." A slight smile played around the older twin´s lips. "It might comfort that you that Mithren would have not run you over in a real fight." The grey stallion was standing guard behind Elladan and Estel could have sworn the beast looked sheepish. Surprised that his grave mistake did not provoke a stronger reaction from the twins the young man blurted out: "Is that all the chastising I am going to get for this?" Elrohir chuckled, if somewhat darkly, from behind him as he tightened the bandage around Estel´s head. "Nay, brother, we shall torture you with a lot more combat training once we get home. And many more lessons about tactics. Even though I must say I liked your ruse with the lamp. It might have worked, in a way." His tone grew serious. "But no more chastising now." "Nay," Elladan agreed quietly. "Not tonight." "Not tonight," Elrohir echoed. They looked at each other silently, and Estel could feel the emotions passing from one to the other. He had often wondered whether the twins could actually communicate without words, and tonight he felt more strongly than ever that they could. Suddenly looking down at Legolas Elladan said: "I wonder whether we should invite him to our lesson about passion in battle, too." "And I wonder whether we should be the ones teaching it." Elrohir took a deep breath and then looked at his human brother. "Legolas was not attacked by these orcs, Estel. It was he who attacked them." "What?!" Estel just caught himself before he shook his head again. There were at least twenty still bodies lying around them that he could see, and he was certain there were more hidden by the darkness. "Why would he do such a thing?" "He was trying to protect us." Elladan´s quiet words made Estel rise in alarm. "They captured you first? Why did you not say? Are you…" "Nay, Estel," Elrohir interfered firmly. "Listen." When the young man nodded, settling back down again, Elladan turned and pointed behind himself. "There is a cave in these rocks," he said in a soft voice", and the orcs meant to make camp there. Legolas caught them at it. He knew that we would be here later tonight. And he feared what would become of us should we find the cave festering with the creatures." "The ghosts of the past ride tonight," the younger twin pointed out quietly in an almost eerie reference to the way this night had begun for Estel. "Legolas meant to protect us from them." Estel opened his mouth to question what these cryptic words meant, but then closed it again with a painful snap. He felt sadness rise in him like a tidal wave when suddenly everything began to make sense. "This is the cave?" he asked softly. "This is were you – found her?" "Aye." The whispered agreement came from both twins as one, and as one they bowed their heads and their eyes darkened as they travelled back through time, travelled back towards the source of their greatest pain. "We rode like the wind that day, " Elladan said darkly, "I remember the wind on my face. I remember the way the ground flew past beneath my steed´s hooves and how I wished to make it faster still." "It was like flying…" Elrohir whispered. "…flying through an endless night." Elladan finished. "We could sense her pain…" "… yet we were powerless to stop it." "We rode like the wind itself…" "…but the storm beat us to her." "We found her shell…" "…but never retrieved her soul." Silence fell. Estel could almost see the images the haunted words provoked. He had been told about Celebían´s fall some time ago, and he had cried bitterly for her fate. Yet now, sitting here, it was almost as if the air reeked of her suffering and her sons´ despair. The bulk of the mountain loomed above them like fate itself, ready to swallow them. And suddenly, so much began to make sense to Estel. The strange sadness that always befell Rivendell this time of year. The twins´ habitual absence from home at the threshold between winter and spring. Their exhaustion when they returned. And the ghost rider. The haunted horseman that passed through these lands at this time of year and had done so for centuries. The darkness of grief that shrouded him so tightly that the people plunged themselves into darkness when he passed by and believed him to be both conqueror of winter and harbinger of death. The horseman´s double appearances during some years when the twin´s both approached this accursed place from the west. It all made sense and it all made Estel´s heart overflow with shared grief. Maybe one day he would tell the twins that they were ghosts in these lands. Maybe one day they could cease to be. "So you come here to remember your mother´s plight?" Estel asked gently. "Aye." Elladan lowered his head to Legolas´ hair and allowed his quiet tears to fall. "Aye." Estel felt Elrohir´s arms encircle him from behind. "But not only that, brother, not only that." He pointed towards the east, and for a long moment the human did not understand what his brother meant. It was only after a long while that he recognized the first shades of dawn glow behind the mountian´s masses. "Even after the darkest night…" "…there is a dawn to wake up to." "So we come here each and every year…" "…lest we forget." "Aye," Estel whispered, watching the new day being born. "Lest we forget." The end