as she spoke. "You say he is a regular? Do you know anything about him?" "Like what?" "Anything... anything at all. Is he from around here?" "No he is not. I'm not sure where he is from but he travels in and out of the area constantly. He is an arms dealer. From what I can gather, he is able to find the weapons of orcs and other foul beasts that were confiscated off of the battle fields in Minas Tirith after the war several years ago. He sells them in the illegal markets to make a living and the men who are with him are his friends who are all in the same business. Haven't seen him in a few seasons, but it seems he will be around for a while again." The news disturbed Aragorn. He thought he had ordered the bodies and weapons of the enemy to be buried in a location where they could not be discovered. Yet now, the crude weapons were resurfacing and were falling into the hands of men. He filed the information for later, he would have to talk to his advisors when he got back. "Does he sell in this town?" The dwarf piped up. The waitress looked at the two and eyed the weapons they carried. "Why do you fine men have need for such foul possessions?" She had thought that these travelers were good men, not the same greedy folk that passed through. Aragorn's voice was calm despite the dread that was building inside him. "What those men are doing is dangerous. If those weapons fell into to the wrong hands, who knows what damage could be done. After all, there was a reason why those weapons were confiscated." "And you mean to stop them? I hate to say it but Corimir and his men are not the only ones. They may have a larger operation than some, but there are many more that pass through here and run the same business. You two will not be able to stop them all." "What about the other markets that run here? Corimir was talking about labor slaves?" The man pressed for more information. "Sir, I am sorry, I am not but a waitress. I have no dealings with the illegal markets and to be honest, from the little that I hear from Corimir when he brags, I know very little of what goes on there." "Do ya know where the markets are?" the Dwarf asked. The woman sighed. "You know... I... I cannot rat my customers out to you like that. If their businesses fail or if they are taken to prison, ultimately, my business will fail. I have a family to feed." Aragorn reasoned with the woman. "You may have a family to feed, but think of those slaves who had families to feed as well. Families that they will never return to. Families who miss them, who need them." The woman looked away from the two and Aragorn noted the way the waitress reacted to statement. She crossed her arms and bit her lower lip slightly while shaking her head. A look of either worry or loss painted her face as she let out a heavy sigh. Aragorn has struck the right nerve in her as the thought broke her heart. Then, a light breeze drifted through the alley and it seemed to suddenly push the waitresses' attitude and it changed. Her posture did not move an inch, but her eyes locked on the two travelers and squinted as she was determined to hold onto her information. "And how do I know you are trying to put a stop to this rather than go find this slave trader and buy them for yourself?" Aragorn was actually taken aback. He was slowly getting used to being a king and no one dared talk back to him, or challenge his motives. A lopsided grin spread across his face as he shook his head. The woman had a point, yet he was certain if he revealed who he was and what he was doing, the woman would not believe him. It took a moment for Aragorn to come up with an answer and the waitress cocked an eyebrow as if to mock the man that she had a valid point and the man did not. "Are the slaves not already condemned to that fate? If I do not buy them, someone else will. At least there is a chance I will do something about it." "And we will do what we can to help those caught and put an end to this foul trade." The dwarf added to try and make a better point, but the woman shot the dwarf a glare as if daring to prove his statement. Yet even as she looked at the dwarf, the words of the man struck the same chord within her soul and she thought about those who were held hostage and were forced to hideous fates. She knew giving in was the right thing to do, she just hoped that she didn't jeopardize her job. She did not look at the men as she spoke. Her voice was low and soft as she gave in. "If you go to the northern end of town, you will find the markets. That area has been abandoned and I do not recommend you going there tonight as it gets more dangerous once it is dark out. You will know you are in the right area when the dirt streets turn to cobblestone and the buildings have been abandoned." The man and dwarf looked at each other and nodded before Aragorn turned to the waitress and tipped his head in thanks. "Thank you." He said. The waitress nodded to the pair as they walked off, headed for the Northern end of town. Corimir's voice could be heard in the streets as he called out for another round of ales. She hurried inside to tend to her guests.