also, separated from him only by dark, leather-clad legs. "Gandalf!" Aragorn finally gasped, finding his voice again. "That is my name", the wizard agreed, looking about himself idly. He stretched out one hand to touch a single drop of blood that hung in the air beside several of its brothers, glistening red in the still, murky light. "A funny thing, time is", Gandalf said, "for it gives and takes, it heals and kills. Once cut loose, you never know what it will do. As unpredictable as a drunk gambler, if you ask me." "I failed", Aragorn suddenly blurted, surprised to find the words come out as a sob, "I tried to make things right and I only worsened them." It did not seem like Gandalf had heard him at all. "But then again, time is also valuable. It is up to us to choose what role it should play in our lives. It can be gambler or guardian, healer or friend." He snapped his suddenly keen eyes towards Aragorn. "If you do not mind me saying so, child, you chose a poor role for your time." The young man only stared at him, trying to pry his mind from the experiences he had just suffered through and truly hear what his old friend was saying. When he felt that his thoughts had at least slightly caught up, he asked: "What role did I choose?" Gandalf made a sweeping gesture at the horrid scene around them. "Is that not plain, Estel? You made time a punisher, worse than any living creature could have been." His voice grew gentle and he reached through the orcs´ legs to place a hand on Aragorn´s arm. "You failed to see that time should be a teacher to you. One better even than Lord Elrond or myself. How could you expect yourself to commit deeds that would have taken so much experience? So much training? So much time watching good leaders lead and good fighters fight?" The wizard sighed. "The haste of youth is strong in you, Estel. It lead you here." "No", the young man answered, "it was my choice that lead me here." "A choice based on hasty reasoning", Gandalf chided softly. "Even though I have to say, you achieved so much more than your experience should have allowed. Who would have thought that you could hold yourself that well in battle?" Aragorn shook his head in dismay. "It was not good enough." Gandalf released his arm and nudged him, making him raise his head. "I doubt anyone would be good enough to change the stream of time, Estel. Fate is a strong force that will not tolerate being tempered with. But if you allow time to teach you, you will be good enough one day. Not to bring your parents back to life, but to continue their heritage in peace." Still miserable, Estel shook his head. "I hear your words, Gandalf, but I cannot follow them. You said so yourself – I crossed not one but two bridges that are no longer there. They cannot be un-crossed." To his surprise, the wizard chuckled. "Ah, Estel! Use that smart head of yours." There was a twinkle in his eye. "Fate is such a wide stream – do you truly believe there are but two bridges that cross it?" Aragorn looked back at Gandalf, a tiny flame of hope in his heart. But at the same time, he felt so tired that he could barely think. "I am sure there are others, but I cannot see them." "Then let me help you. The bridge you are looking for, my friend, is the one called forgiveness." Estel looked up sharply. "You would forgive me my foolishness?" he asked eagerly, but Gandalf was already shaking his head. "There is nothing for me to forgive, Estel. Forgive yourself. Forgive yourself for doubting your elven family. Forgive yourself for losing faith in your own strength." The wizard held out a hand. "Have hope, Estel, and forgive yourself." As the young man took the offered hand, Gandalf´s voice suddenly deepened. It enclosed him like a warming blanket. "It is time, Estel, to un-cross some bridges." X-X-X The wind played through the leaves far above Estel´s head, and he could have sworn that there was a chuckle to them as he awakened, gazing into the moving sea of green. Time had passed since he had run from Elrond, for the sun was already low in the skies. "Estel, what are you seeking on the ground?" A wrinkled face beneath a pointed head bent across the young man. "Are you attempting to melt into the earth and thus escape my scrutiny?" Estel sat up with a weary sigh. "No, Gandalf, but I would gladly escape my father´s wrath." Struggling to his feet, he glanced down at the inviting sight that Imladris always displayed and suddenly felt his heart ache with the beauty of it – as if he had just returned from a long journey and was once again overwhelmed by the miracle that was his home. "Ah, fear not." Gandalf took the young man´s arm and hooked his own through it as if he needed his strength. "I can assure you that your brothers have done worse in their time. And quite honestly, I fear they have something planned for tonight." He lowered his voice conspiratorially. "I have a feeling that they intend to celebrate, if that is the correct term, my visit with one of their famous pranks. You would not happen to know anything about that, would you?" Estel fell in step beside his friend, giving him a glance that shone with innocence. "I would never allow a great wizard to walk into a trap", he assured Gandalf and then could not suppress a laugh that betrayed otherwise. Being so intenton gettinghis mirth under control, the young man missed the look of utter fondness that crossed the wizard´s wizened features. He also missed the look of relief. The end