I can crush your young friend like a fly upon a rock. A human I still am at heart, but this water grants me power." Beside Legolas, Estel suddenly gasped. Water began to flow from the corners of his mouth and he fell to his knees, struggling for breath. Horrified to see his friend drown on land, Legolas held up a hand. "Leave him be, I beg you", the elven price spoke, "I shall try to warm the lady´s heart to you but leave him be." With a grin, the human demon nodded and Estel drew in a ragged breath, holding himself upright where he sat by the pure strength of his will. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Oh perils of deceit! Yes, my dear listeners, utterly terrible are the choices when all lead to heartache and death. But do not turn away now! Do not allow your own bravery to fade so close to the end. Behold, there is a fourth trait a true hero needs to have. A trait that may save more lives than brute strength. That trait is swift wit. It can do harm when applied falsely but when applied with care it may break old chains - or forge new ones. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Legolas turned to the young woman but she hissed to him before he could even say a word. "Not for all the world´s riches I shall take him back. Betrayal is in his blood and once freed he shall leave and break my heart yet again. I will not yield to him." There was steel in her eyes when she spoke and Legolas´ heart sank. Estel still coughed and gagged behind him. Then, a sudden idea struck him and a smile spread through his heart. Taking the girl by the shoulder he turned her around. Whispering to her urgently, he pulled out the strand of hair and the rose. "I see your reasoning, lady", the elf said, "and I would never deliver you to your misery. But things could be different. Do you know these items I hold within my hands?" She glanced down, and understanding graced her bright face. "Aye", she said, "and I know just what to do with them." She bent forward and placed a chaste kiss upon his brow. "Thank you, my prince." She then turned to Estel and kissed him as well. "Blessed I was", she spoke, "for two valiant princes to come to my aid." When she walked towards the water demon, there was a spring in her step and a smile upon her lips. The man stood on his stream and grinned. Victory was written all over his posture as he held out his arms. "Ah, my love, I knew you would see reason. What better fate is there but to be with me?" "Indeed", she smiled, "what better fate than to spend a lifetime with you? Please, love, accept this rose as a token of our love renewed." As she had predicted, his mind was too set on his own glamour to see the trap and he took the plant idly, without watching. The thorn pricked him before he even knew it. An expression of intense surprise began to form on the man´s handsome face just before it became slack and he pitched forward, hitting the ground beside his lady with a thud. She sat down by his side and stroked his silken hair with satisfaction. "You once said to me", she said calmly as she took out the strand of braid and carefully bound it to his wrist before fastening it to her own, "that love can be full of surprises. And right you were, my dear. Right you were." She had only just finished the last knot when all around them, the magic forest began to fade. All the traps hidden in its depths, many of which our heroes never even came to see, vanished with it, and soon nothing was left but a smiling lady who patiently waited for her lover beside her to wake. Even the stream ran dry and sank back into the soil, for its purpose had been served. Estel, however, rose to his feet with a shake of his head and a puzzled expression. "Legolas", he addressed his friend, "what has happened here? And who is the woman?" The elf smiled in relief when he realized that his friend had been freed from the water´s spell, but he found it safer to retreat before the demon, who was now a man once more, awoke to see his plight. "She is a lady with a mission" ,he replied, " and we should leave her to it. Come, my friend, for Mirkwood awaits. And on the way, I have a tale to tell you that will make your gasp in disbelief." And so, under a sunny sky, the two princes mounted their steeds once more and crossed the meadow back towards the path they had left what seemed a lifetime ago. In their wake, they left a smiling princess who would live happily aver after. And her treacherous prince? Well, he would live, but few would vouch for his happiness. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - My dear listeners, we have reached the end of this tale. The hour grows late and the fire has grown small in the hearth. I bow my head to you once more, for you stayed with our two princes through great peril. Your courage is remarkable, and I salute you for it. But what of the princes, you say? What of their further adventures? What of Estel who would once become King Elessar? That, my friends, is another tale for another day. The end