she had ever felt before a Man, or nothing she had ever felt before at all. She began to regret revealing herself to him, even if he had been aware of her furtive presence. "Líriwyn," he said, but not with a tone of address. Instead, he said her name like he was tasting it in his mouth. "From where does you name originate?" "It comes from the Quenya word for song, lírë, and the Rohirric word for friend, wyn . My mother and my father crafted it." "It is beautiful," he said. This caused Líriwyn to look at the target once again, for it was difficult to chill the warmth that rose to her fair cheeks. "You are skilled with the bow and arrow," she observed cooly. "Are you, too?" He immediately returned. Again, she looked at him beneath her long, russet lashes and nodded. He held out his bow for her to take and her eyes widened quickly. "It is your weapon, I cannot use it." "I am letting you," he stated. "It is a fine tool, I would not dare tarnish it." He laughed, the sounds leaving his mouth as light and heartening as the sounds of a songbird singing the first tune of spring. "You will not, I can see it in your step. You are an archer, you know how to handle a bow." Líriwyn sought further excuse: "Though you are a prince, and a prince's weapon is not that of a maiden's—" "A maiden?" Legolas repeated her own words, though reciting with a tone of doubt as opposed to her affirmation. "Long and old tales of the Elven Heir of Rohan would not call you a mere maiden, nor should you call yourself so. You are the daughter of Léod and sister of Eorl, with whom you tamed the first of the Mearas and founded all of Rohan. Upon the death of every Rohirric king, you are offered the throne, and yet you refuse every time. You are no maiden, you are the rightful Queen of Rohan." Líriwyn silently let out a shuttered breath, one she hoped he could not hear. Yet, she had expected traits of men in him repeatedly and was sorely mistaken. He is as keen in eye and ear as I, Líriwyn said inwardly. "You know much of me," she responded quietly. Legolas held his bow and an arrow for her once again as he spoke: "Your name is riddled in myths across the land. I knew of you once you were born—the daughter of Man and Elf. 'Tis a rare thing; 'tis a miraculous thing." Líriwyn took the bow and arrow rapidly and flung an arrow toward the target. The spearhead sliced Legolas' last arrow in two as it sank into the center of the target. "You were alive when I was born?" She asked. She was aware it was a silly question, but the idea of someone surpassing her age was a dreamlike concept to her. Legolas laughed again. "I had been alive a long time before you were born." Líriwyn instantly began to dismiss her thoughts of him, her wonderings. All throughout Líriwyn's life she had been the wise one, the old one, the one to address to which matters of history and knowledge pertained. She was the One Elf, but then there was Legolas suddenly, who was far older and far wiser. Líriwyn was but an infant to him, and the many years he had on her probably admitted him much experience. Líriwyn did not live amongst the Elves, she never had, but Legolas always had. He knew the ways of the Elf, whilst Líriwyn only knew the ways of the Man. "You must see me a child," Líriwyn voiced her thoughts. Realizing she still held Legolas' bow, she quickly returned it to his hands, though she immediately missed the sturdy white wood which still teemed with the heat of his large, strong hands. "I do not. I see you as a woman," Legolas replied. In spite of the corporeal impression his vocabulary gave, he did not seem to be embarrassed. This was equally as frustrating as it was intriguing for Líriwyn, as she blushed more than he when this was said and she hadn't even been the one to speak it. When Líriwyn failed to respond, she noticed Legolas look down to his bow. She immediately came to realize how disruptive and uninspiring she had been, and prepared to go after shortly apologizing. "I am sorry for being bothersome, I am just so unused to another of my kin being in Rohan. I have spent five hundred years with Men, and not one with Elves—aside from just a handful with my mother. Forgive me and continue," she nodded her head and made way to leave. "You are in no way bothersome; I quite enjoy your company." Líriwyn halted her escape and turned hesitantly back to him, looking at him in the vivid green corners of her eyes. Líriwyn could feel his conviction like nothing else—not only in the sound of his voice and the hardness in his eyes, but also in the way the earth felt beneath her feet. Líriwyn had noticed this sensation since her first sighting of him, a new type of connection. She could now fully recognize that between the Elves, any two of them with or without relation, there was an archaic and inherent bond. Líriwyn wanted to think it was animalistic, but she found that word too harsh. It was really a simple concept—the fact that Líriwyn and Legolas were both Elves connected them. "Really?" Líriwyn asked him, though she—in heart—did not doubt that he enjoyed her company. She could feel that he enjoyed it. Legolas smiled and nodded. He put down his bow to show he was genuine about spending his time with her; he would not be distracted by other matters; in fact he would put them to the side. "Can you tell me of my people?" She asked.