rang out across the cave: "As the Ringbearers have requested; so let him be named!" And strangely he did feel lighter, for all he was so hollowed out inside; and he shrugged a little too, to ease a stiffness he had scarcely known he had. And in the silence that followed, he stood between Damrod and his master as the Company watched that glittering web of water turning to a veil of ruby red, like wine pouring out of a bowl; until everything faded, in the end, to a deeper and darker grey. But then, as night fell in the unlit cave, he was heartily relieved the Lady's gift was back where it belonged! For, once more, all eyes were on Frodo as he took the Phial from his pocket and kindled it in the cavern of his hands. " Aiya E채rendil Elenion Ancalima! " Sam heard him murmur, softly this time, as if it were a prayer; and at first nothing seemed to happen; but then his hands began to glow the colour of his blood, as they were lit up from inside; and as the light grew brighter, a clear, silver ray escaped through the gap where his finger once had been. Then his master opened his hands and held up the star-glass, as high as he could, so as to share it with everybody there. And, now, somehow, Sam thought it was a safer sort of brightness, a little tinged with sadness, as if it knew the cave must be a secret still. But such was the source of its power there was just no containing it for long, and, all at once, a few dazzling beams shot out, right across the cave, even as far as the Curtain, to be caught in the ever-falling droplets of the falls; and Sam thought of them swirling on through the Forbidden Pool, past the Field of Cormallen, and out into the wide Anduin far below. And suddenly he wanted to laugh, imagining the Captain of Ships pacing his deck, watching for the signal to sail; and spying them with his glass, all dancing in Boromir's wake, perhaps, as they floated out to the Sea! But, now, quickly, before the refuge could be betrayed, his master was covering the Phial with his hands and hiding it in his pocket once more, and, after an awestruck moment, a gasp of wonder swelled around the cave. "Thank you, Frodo son of Drogo, for your great gift! To share with us here a glimpse of the light of E채rendil!" Mablung was rather hoarse, Sam thought, and his eyes suspiciously bright, but his voice still held the attention of all. "And so let Ulmo, Lord of Waters, carry our hope, even past the ruin of the Meneltarma, to the westernmost edge of the world! Where Nienna weeps - it is said - that all sorrow may turn to wisdom in the end!" Again there was a rumble from the men, and Sam thought, with a smile, that Mablung could certainly be taking on the part when it was needed; tall and long-sighted, even in the dark; though more than a bit uncomfortable about it now! Still he was gamely pressing on, if a little more gruffly than before. "So, now, let us have some lights; and everybody move along and close up these gaps! And, of course, let us not forget the Captain! The real Captain! For, though his new duties have kept him from us today, he has promised that he will be with us in spirit, and sent us this gift of fine apple brandy to stand in his stead." He exchanged a grin with Frodo and Sam. "The 'fifty four , no less; which we understand - on the highest authority - to be 'a truly exceptional year'!" The men laughed and raised a cheer as Mablung bowed to the carboys, ranged and ready, behind the Captain's chair. "And all that he asks," he continued a little more sombrely, "is that, sometime during the evening, we raise a toast to his brother, our late Captain-General Boromir, for whose wedding it was reserved - which I think we can all well manage to do!" Again there was a shout of agreement, and the Rangers began lighting the lamps on the tables and shifting along the benches to close up their ranks; and there were a few more cheers of encouragement as Mablung, with a shake of his head, took his place before the Captain's chair; then, all at once, the whole Company was seating themselves and pouring out wine and passing around the food as the meal began. And as Damrod gave him a helping hand up onto his barrel, Sam felt Strider's flask nudging him through his pocket, and had a small, clear picture of him, sitting below under the rising moon; looking east for a while, perhaps, rather than to the north; and he wondered whether he had glanced up - seeing as he knew where to look - and caught the quick glimmer of a star; and known it for what it was; and let the beauty of it pierce his heart; and Sam very much hoped that it was so. --------------- Author's notes:- Aiya E채rendil Elenion Ancalima! Hail E채rendil brightest of the stars! ( Shelob's Lair , TTT) "There peeping among the cloud-wrack above a dark tor high up in the mountains, Sam saw a white star twinkle for a while. The beauty of it smote his heart, as he looked up out of the forsaken land and hope returned to him." ( The Land of Shadow , ROTK). Title taken from The Sisters of Mercy by Leonard Cohen: "If your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn they will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem" In honour of the HA mailing list's fourth birthday April 06. Special thanks to Altariel and Dwimordene for lending me a hand.