The corridor around him seemed to dim and withdraw, melting into blurry trees. The floor grew softer and became a forest path at whose end cries of pain could be heard. A forest path that he should have travelled at his twin´s side. A forest path that he had rushed along in a flight, praying to the Valar to let him arrive in time. The elf did not even realize that he was running yet again. The wide staircase was a ravine of rocks to him, the fountain in the dining hall a shimmering pond. And the eerie stillness of Imladris drifted out of focus to be filled with screams that leaked in not through the open doors and windows but through Elladan´s tormented memories. Pushing open the kitchen doors, the elf forced himself to halt and see what his eyes told him of the here and now. The room lay quiet, mocking him. There was no trace to be found of a human child in search of food. Nothing but stillness – and a door that stood slightly ajar. The door to the cellars. Elladan´s heart fell. The steps downstairs were steep and dangerous at the best of times, but in the dark… The elf reached the door in a wild dash and raced down the hard stone, images of crushed bones and gushing blood making his breath catch in his throat. Not Elrohir. Not Estel. Not his brother, ai Valar, not after his mother had left. Elladan stumbled and almost fell as he collided with a small form. Collapsing to his knees yet again, the elf ran his hands over the little human he had run into, almost beside himself with both worry and the need for relief. His eyes sought out the child´s features in the gloom. He so hoped to see his fears soothed, but instead he could make out the crimson red that covered the boy´s face. Crimson red that trickled from the corner of the small mouth and onto the white tunic. Sweeping the child into his arms, Elladan rushed up the stairs again. His heart pushed madly against his chest, its pace only outrun by the wild beating of Estel´s own. Once again two images became one and his human brother melted with his elven twin. Dark curls became raven hair. A voice called out to him pleadingly. " Elladan, berio nin." /Elladan, protect me./ I tried but I failed. " Eo nev anim." /Be there for me./ I will always be there, do not leave me! " Bodo naeg nîn." /Take away my pain./ Your voice grows so dim… "Elladan, tego nin nu!" /Elladan, put me down/ The voice was not dim. "Tego nin nu hi!" /Put me down now/ It was not dim at all. In fact, it was of surprising force so close to the elf´s ears. The sharp sound echoed slightly, and it was accompanied by a wriggling of the small body that was nothing but full of life. Elladan came to a halt and glanced about him, amazed that he had made it into the great hall without even noticing. The world righted itself, coming into focus more clearly than it had in a long time. "Please do not tell Ada", the boy´s voice implored, mercifully at a lower volume now. "I did not mean to, honest, I was only looking for some bread." Very carefully Elladan set Estel down onto the tiled floor, kneeling to have a good look at him. There was no image of a wounded Elrohir any longer, no layer of sorrow and pain. Only the round face of a small boy, a face that was covered in a thick layer of mashed berries. The child stood bathed in moonlight, his eyes pleading. Clutched in one hand was the remainder of a pastry, a slow rain of crumbs drifting down from it even now. Elladan stared, baffled, and then he felt the first low chuckle rise in his throat, quickly growing into light elven laughter. "Oh Estel, pastries do not look like bread at all", Elladan managed to say, mirth in his tone, "and neither are they on the same shelf." Estel looked down at his bare feet, twisting one toe on the ground slowly. "I forgot", he mumbled unconvincingly, "and it was dark." Too dark for you to go down there… Elladan pushed aside the thought and instead picked the child up once more, not caring that a good amount of the pastry´s berry filling had slipped down Estel´s tunic and now generously spread on his own, making the stains he had obtained earlier grow in size. "And that means that next time you want to sneak a pastry at night, you should ask your elven brother." Elladan chuckled again, a swift yet light-hearted exhaustion seizing his limbs. "Or you need to take a candle." "Oh." Estel leaned his head against the elf´s shoulder, absent-mindedly nibbling at his treasure. "Yes", he agreed sleepily when they had reached the top of the great stairs and headed down the family corridor, "I think I will do that." "Of course you will. You should listen to your older brother." Elladan found his way back into Elrohir´s chamber and smiled when he saw that his twin´s eyes had slightly opened during his absence, revealing the truth of the young elf´s recovery. He sat down in a chair next to the bed, careful to be close enough to lay one hand lightly on Elrohir´s chest. Estel had grown heavy in the elf´s arms, and he gently peeled the last sticky crumbs of pastry from his fist before settling down. Feeling his twin´s heartbeat under his palm and Estel´s fingers curled in his hair, Elladan finally fell asleep. As his breaths evened out, silence fell over Imladris once more. True peace spread through corridors and halls like a quiet sigh of relief. It was a reverie born of joy and love and the acceptance of life itself. The end