bed, her soft body cradled against his chest. Around him, red and yellow demons flickered and laughed at him, but he cared not. It did not matter. Nothing did. He felt sweat gather on his brow and dreamily wondered when warmth had returned to his home. He also wondered why it would not reach his heart. The flames seemed to sing to him as they ate away, and he watched in fascination. Shadows sprang from the fire, racing across the ceiling and lunging for the bed, yet none ever devoured it. Another shadow gathered where the door had once been. As the man looked on, a shimmering form emerged, slowly gliding closer. The fire seemed to shy away from the tall creature, yet its light illuminated the pale face and caused sharp green eyes to glow fiercely. Green eyes that he had only glimpsed at before, eyes that had shunned the light. And now they were bathed in it and did not flinch. Horror gathered within the man´s stomach as he gazed upon the immortal whose blood he had been offered and then wasted. All injuries were gone, and the elf tilted his head to gaze upon him through the wavering air. His black hair danced about him in the gusts produced by the intense heat, but they did not catch fire. The Valar had returned their favour to him, holding him safe. He was blessed once more and for the desperate father nothing was left but pain and death. And his child. Fearful that this last straw of hope would be taken from him, the man curled protectively around the girl´s body. He buried his head in her golden hair and dreaded the hands that would come to snatch him away. When they did, he screamed. x x x "Unfair. That is what life seems to you now. You can see nothing but darkness around you. Yet you long for immortality. You long for oblivion that will never come. Do not deny the true gifts the Valar have bestowed upon your people. Cherish love in life and eternal peace in death. Do not envy those whose torments are different from yours. For our losses will never be eased by the gentle darkness that is granted to mortal souls. Our losses are felt into eternity, and be assured that not all who suffer from this plight see it as a gift. Some consider it one thing only. Unfair" x x x Elrond, Lord of Rivendell, brother to a mortal who had chosen the path of death and husband to an elf whom had almost succumbed to her losses, passed a weary hand across his brow. The night air was soothing as it travelled gently through the still room, yet he could not shake the memory of the conversation he had led with Mrachnah. With the man who had almost killed his sons. Was it true, he wondered? Was the gift of immortality truly burdened with just the same amount of suffering as the short life of a mortal? Sighing deeply, the elven lord rose and silently stepped closer to the bed where Elrohir lay sleeping. The younger twin´s eyes were closed, but his breaths were even and when Elrond tenderly brushed a hand along his cheek he did not shy away as he had done before. The wounds would heal, and the soul would carry the new load it had been marred with. The young elf´s spirit still shone strong beneath the pain that had covered it. A spirit that was greatly enhanced by those who slept peacefully close to the recovering elf. Elrond could not help but smile at the sight of Elladan curled up on the bed beside his twin. His burns were healing nicely, and despite his own hurts he emanated a fierce protectiveness for his brother. Due to Elrohir´s injuries, almost any touch meant pain for him at the moment. Mindful of that fact, even in sleep, the older twin had simply laid his cheek against the back of the younger one´s head. The contact was light and yet too strong for even death to break. Elrond was sure of this. His sons would never be separated like he and Elros had been, whatever fate awaited them. They would face it together. Next to the bed, Aragorn slept in one of the wide, soft chairs he favoured on such occasions. Despite his relatively frail nature, the human had actually been hurt least, suffering from nothing worse but the lingering effects of the smoke he had inhaled. A warm wave of pride washed over the elven lord as he watched his chosen son. He knew beyond a doubt that without Estel´s influence on Elladan, the older twin would have never stopped to watch his brother´s captor. He would have allowed the human to burn to death without realizing that the pain of loss had eaten away the father´s soul. A pain not unlike that of a son losing his mother. Elrond was grateful that the man had been retrieved. He was not sure whether the mortal would survive his terrible burns, but at least he would experience some comfort and aid. And he would be able to talk to Aragorn, talk even to Elrohir, if his soul allowed. Gently sitting down on the bed beside Elrohir, Elrond stroked his son´s dark hair. His thoughts once more strayed to the question he had so often wrestled with. Was mortality the true gift of the Valar? Or was it eternal life, as Mrachnah still seemed to believe? Elrohir sighed in his sleep and Elladan reached for his twin´s hand, never waking as he did. A slow smile spread over Elrond´s face at the wisdom his sons displayed in their sleep, when awake they would sometimes seem mere elflings to him. "Aye" , he agreed softly, "it is love. The true gift of the Valar, bestowed upon mortals and immortals alike." It was a gift to be cherished. The end