Where are we? Penguin #2: Popcorn! Popcorn the Creepy Stalker Dude: We're… Neryl: According to my calculations, [takes out GPS and calculates] we're 317.5 miles from our destination Penguin #1: You mean I dragged my little red wagon here for no reasom? Penguin #2: Popcorn! Popcorn the Creepy Stalker Dude: … uh…. [Penguins mob Popcorn the Creepy Stalker Dude.] The Next Day… [PENGUINS parade across stage with sign that says The Next Day… and then the PENGUIN at the end of the line hurries back on stage and flips the calendar page and rushes off stage again.] Penguin Dance Party Props: Disco ball, boombox Neryl: ACCORDING TO MY CALCULATIONS, IT IS OVER 150 DB {note that 150 dB is equal to a metal concert and may cause severe damage or deafness} IN HERE! I'M LEAVING [Neryl exits] [Music changes to the pi song] [Neryl comes back in] Neryl: 3.… Penguins: THAT'S NOT THE PI SONG! Rubber Fish Scene [PENGUINS are bored and are tossing a rubber fish around .] Fermata: Catch! [NERYL accidentally swallows it .] Neryl: According to my taste buds, that was NOT a fish. Legato: YOU JUST ATE OUR ENTIRE FISH COLLECTION! Neryl: According to my calculations, we only had one fish. Legato: That's the point, now we have no fish collection. Fermata: Awww… SCENE ∞: Frodo has some problems with HTML Cast: Frodo, Gandalf Props: CPU, table, chair Frodo (CPU): html head titleFrodo's Place/title/head body bgcolor=SkyBlue marqueefont size="7" color="LimeGreen"Frodo's Place/font/marquee font size="4" color=blackFrodo is awesomeness… br Frodo is in possession of the RING! br He is AWESOME that way! script="holoimage 678.986"activate="10min" res="1.8.89" l="49" w="36" h="78" action="spin" /script /body /html [Clicks on filesave asFrodo's webclass . Saves on desktop. Double- clicks link. Opens. Holo image appears of ring. Suddenly, cpu screen shatters.] Frodo: beep beepity *beep* (expletives) END SCENE ∞ Songs: I'll Make a Spy Out of You ( I'll Make a Man out of You , Mulan ) Let's get down to business To destroy the Ring Did they send me monkeys when I asked for none? You're the clumsiest people I have ever met But you can bet, before we're through, Agents, I'll make a spy out of you Deadlier than a poison but as peaceful as a dove Once you clear level 9 You will finally understand You're a group of stereotypes And you haven't got a clue Somehow, I'll make a spy out of you I'm never gone clear level 5 Say adios to those who failed me Boy was I a fool in school for quitting math This guy's got 'em freaking out Hope he doesn't notice I dropped the ring Now I really wish I hadn't signed up for this (Popcorn) He is as fast as a diving falcon (Aragorn) With all the skills of an immortal stalker (Dunedain) With all the force of stampeding hippos Creepier than Gollum the slave of the ring Wraiths are racing toward us, 'til they're upon us Repair the great toothpick, It'll save our lives You're failing every mission So clear out, be gone you've failed How could I make a spy out of you? (Popcorn) He is as fast as a diving falcon (Aragorn) With all the skills of an immortal stalker (Dunedain) With all the force of stampeding hippos Creepier than Gollum the slave of the ring (Popcorn) He is as fast as a diving falcon (Aragorn) With all the skills of an immortal stalker (Dunedain) With all the force of stampeding hippos Creepier than Gollum the slave of the ring {note: last verse is said more than sung} _, Adapted from Colors of the Wind You think I'm the random one, and you've seen so many people I guess it must be true but still I cannot see if the random one is me If you sent me so many monkeys in the mail... In the mail... You think you are the best spy in the world Clearance is just something you can boast But I know every hidden thing and shadow Has a side, has a secret, has a name You think the only agents who are agents Are the agents who are always dressed in black But if you look past appearance and sunglasses You'll see things you never saw you never saw Have you ever spied on a secret conference? Or asked Popcorn Dunedain why he stalks? Can you be a ninja better than before? Can you spy with all the stealthiness within? Can you spy with all the stealthiness within? Come fight crazy stalkers everywhere Come chase the Mafia right back to their door Come spy on servants of the Dark Lord And for once, never wonder who they really are The spies and the good ones are my friends The Dark Lord in Mordor my foe And we are all stal-watching each other, in a circle, in a hoop that never ends What is the highest level of clearance? If you always brag, then you'll never know And you'll never spy on a secret conference For whether we are crazy or normal You need to be a better ninja than before You need to stalk with all the stealthiness within You can stalk and spy and all you'll ever do is fail Until you can spy with all the stealthiness within Follow the Black Asphalt Road ( Follow the Yellow Brick Road , The Wizard of Oz ) Follow the black asphalt road Follow the black asphalt road Follow, follow, follow, follow Follow the black asphalt road Follow the black asphalt, Follow the black asphalt, Follow the black asphalt road We're off to destroy the One Ring, The horrible One Ring of awfulness. You'll find it is a horrible Ring! If ever a bad Ring there was. If ever oh ever a Ring there was the One Ring will destroy it because, Because, because, because, because, because. Because of the bad things it does. We're off to destroy the One Ring. The Horrible One Ring of Awfulness.