survive a simple tavern brawl, you shouldn't be fighting against the Free Peoples." "I give up! Your Orkish logic is infallible, Lurkh. Completely incorrect, but infallible. Let's move on to communication with Eomer - you might have a surplus of ready answers, but you are seriously lacking in the respect department." "He confused me. I had no idea how to respond to him - one minute, he acted like a warlord, and then next he was conversing with you like an equal. What was I to think?" You might have asked." "He was looking for any oppurtunity to degrade me. You Free Peoples are all crazy when it comes to proving your superiority." Isendohtor glared at him. "You have to be respectful. Men like Eomer are not used to being argued with." Lurkh shrugged. "I know... but maybe it's time someone did argue. Just a thought." The tent flap swept open again, and Isendohtor tensed - but it was only Braga, with a bundle of fresh bandages in his arms. "Look what I got from the Meduseld Hælands," he said. "They saw how much we needed them, and Eomer gave the order. Got soap, too." He dropped the bundle on a cot and glanced at Isendohtor's face. "What's with you?" he said, chuckling. "You look like you saw a Nazgul." Isendohtor gave a shaky smile. "Nothing... just a little nervous. That's all. Inspection time, you know." Braga nodded. "I understand. I had little enough time to fix up the Hælands' tent so it would meet recommendations; is there anything I can do?" "No, nothing. Thank you for offering." She tugged at her collar. "Is it hot in here, or is it just me?" Darra frowned. "It's a little warm, but not bad... perhaps you should take off your cloak, Feldmarshal. You're not on ceremony, and I don't want you getting overheated." She looked so worried that Isendohtor took off her heavy cloak and dropped it next to the bandages. She felt a little better. The tent flap swept open again, and Isendohtor knew without looking who had entered. She took a deep breath, gave Lurkh a significant nudge, and turned to the door, smiling. "Hello again, my liege." Eomer smiled tightly. "Hello again, Isendohtor. Please come with me. Lurgh too." "It's Lurkh ," Lurkh muttered, but not loud enough for Eomer to hear. Isendohtor nudged him again, and they exited the tent. She glanced back at the Hælands, and Darra gave her a bright smile. She smiled back weakly as the tent flap swung shut in her face. Eomer led them across the camp to a tent set a hundred feet away from the farthest outlying tents. "My tent," he said as they entered it. "I like a little isolation; it's nice to get away from all the bustle of a camp every once in a while." Lurkh frowned -in his opinion, that was just asking for mutiny -but, he remained silent. Eomer sat them down around a small table in the center of the tent and poured them each a flagon of Rohirric ale. Isendohtor lifted it with a shaking hand and sipped it. Lurkh sniffed his cautiously before drinking, but found it quite good and gulped appreciatively. Eomer watched with slight distaste, but said nothing until the awkward silence had lessened a bit. "Now then," he said. "Loorgh-" "Sir," said Lurkh, keeping his voice level with great effort, "Let's stop this until you can say my name correctly. Now, repeat after me, with proper inflection: Lurkh." Eomer made a valiant effort. "Lurgh." "No! Harder on the kh, man! Put your throat into it! Spit at me, Eomer!" Eomer blinked. "Er... Loork." " Lurkh !" Lurkh bellowed, spitting across the table in his vehemence. "There! You see? It's easy!" Several halfhearted tries later, Eomer got fed up with the Orc's incessent yelling. "Lurkh!" he shouted. "There! Lurkh, Lurkh, Lurkh! Are you happy?" Lurkh wiped saliva off his face with one hand. He was grinning. "Very nice. You even got the spitting down. That's important in the Black Speech." Eomer wisely decided not to comment. Lurkh drained his ale and sat back, his thick arms crossed. "Now, seeing as that's out of the way, what did you drag us in here to talk about, Eomer?" The king took a deep breath and a draught of ale to calm himself. "You asked that I call you by your correct name. Now I ask that you call me by mine. To you I am Lord, Lord Eomer, or 'my liege.' Is that understood?" "Yes, lord." Lurkh was really trying to be diplomatic. Isendohtor caught this and dared to hope that things would turn out all right. "Now." Eomer set down his flagon and leaned forward. "Feldmarshal, Sperewigend Brohka has already informed me of your motives in the... rescue... of Lurkh here. I assume the tale he told me is true?" "What did he tell you?" Perhaps Brohka still harbored a grudge against her. "He said you showed mercy because Lurkh was bound and weaponless. You preserved your honor and his. Then you bathed him, healed him, and gave him quarter in your camp. Is this true?" "Yes, lord." Isendohtor liked how Brohka had phrased that- "Preserved your honor and his." "Commendable, if a bit onorthodox. Here is my dilemma - I'm afraid I cannot allow an Uruk to run around a respectable Rohirrim Eored." "That's all right, you just turn me loose and I'll go straight back to Mordor," Lurkh butted in. "Really, I swear I won't kill another Rohirrim until I'm back within the Black Gates. "Ahem." Eomer glared at Lurkh. "I wasn't finished. Now, Isendohtor - you recall that you are due back at Meduseld in a month's time to make your year's report?" "Yes, lord." "Well, I rather think that this endeavor could breed interracial peace. Think about it – an Orc, in Rohan, speaking our language, learning our customs…" Lurkh did not like where this conversation was going.