as wet hair flew side to side in time with the song the little one sang. Various Elves of the court and house staff stepped out of the way of Legolas' erratic dance and smiled. When they arrived in the chambers of his son, Thranduil pulled back the soft covers on his tiny bed and set the child upon it. He smiled as Legolas reached for the fabric-stuffed fox that he refused to rest without. It was gifted to him by Elrond, who was almost as bad about spoiling Legolas as himself. He hugged it tightly before reaching for his father and repeating the action. "Tell me a story, Daddy, please." Thranduil smiled and laid him down so he could place the covers over him and nodded, "I will do that," he replied softly as he smoothed the blankets over the tiny body and brushed stray hairs from the sleepy face, "What would you like to hear?" "Tell me about Grandpa." A stab of pain struck Thranduil's heart and he barely hid his grief from the curious eyes before him. "That is a sad story, little one, not for bedtime." "Please tell me about Grandpa," pleaded Legolas, widening his eyes and gnawing his lip as though he would burst into tears at any moment. Thranduil sighed and ignored the pulling of his heartstrings as he settled into a comfortable sitting position on the side of Legolas' bed. Legolas would have to learn one day what befell his Grandfather, and he did not fear for the boy that it would upset him near as much as he feared for himself, but he deserved to know, and he would not drop it until all was said. "Years ago, there was a great dark force in Middle-earth, so evil and powerful that Elves alone could not destroy it and there was born a great Alliance of Elves and Men to vanquish the darkness forever from this world," he said in a soft voice, drifting into memory. Legolas' eyes were wide with curiosity. "Your grandfather fought in this Alliance, as did I and Elrond and many others of these times and greater." Legolas gasped in astonishment and sat up sharply, "Daddy, you were in a battle! You were in a battle with Lord Elrond?" "Settle, little one, or I shall not finish it," chided Thranduil, though he was glad for the interruption that brought him out of dark places in his mind. "Lie down, Legolas, I'm going to tell you the whole story now." The smaller Elf's compliance was astonishingly fast and Thranduil continued, "One day, there was a great battle, and in great battles of high importance, there is a large opportunity to make mistakes, but little hope of surviving them," he returned to a low voice and leaned on his side next to Legolas. "Your grandfather made such a mistake. The how or why is not as important as the outcome, which was catastrophic to our people. Many Elves fell, including...my father." "He fell in battle?" Unshed tears wet the lashes of Legolas as he tugged Thranduil's tunic to pull him closer, sensing the hurt inside. "I am sorry, Daddy." Thranduil smiled and patted Legolas' back as he curled into his lap. "Do not fret, little one. Shall I continue, or is it too frightening?" The lack of response told him to go on, so he picked up the story as he smoothed wet blonde hair beneath him, "It was a devastating loss, but many were in those days, and we pressed on, though we were near defeat. Many dark moments passed and the skies seemed to lose all light until the son of Elendil the Tall, a great king of Men, took up his sword and destroyed the Dark Lord. His minions fell beneath the swell of his power, and yet more of our own forces perished in flame. The evil was alleviated that day, but no more. Though it has diminished it will not be undone until his greatest tool is unmade and cast away forever. We failed to do that at our first chance, and someday, this world will yet again pay the price of its early ignorance." Legolas' eyes were wide and full of more emotions than Thranduil could name. He was afraid that the child would be frightened, but he seemed more intrigued than anything else, and it seemed the boy was only clinging to him for his own sake. Silence hung in the air for some length before Legolas tilted his head up and met the eyes of his father. "Daddy," he whispered, "I will hold his memory always in honour." A proud smile danced its way across the lips of Thranduil as he hugged and tucked Legolas back into bed. "As do I, little one." He bent to kiss Legolas' forehead lightly and patted his chest before standing and walking to the door. "Goodnight, Legolas. Rest well, my little leaf, and I will see you in the morning." He lightly closed the carven wood door behind him and leaned upon it, sighing heavily. He did not feel as emotionally drained as he would expect after reciting some of the tale of his father's last days, but there was an odd something going on within him. It had been going on everyday since Legolas' birth, and he supposed it would forever. He cracked the door slightly to peak in one last time before heading to his own dreams and saw dreamy eyes staring back at him. He smiled again and stepped lightly down the hall to his chambers. As dark as his life was before Legolas, it had grown ever brighter since he was born. The ashes of the past no longer stung his heart or threatened to steal his joy. They burned away into nothingness, as all pain had nine years previous on a sun-filled spring day in Greenwood, when the brightest star of the forest sky fell from the heavens and into his arms.