tried to bite away the pain. 'Glorfindel please, sheath yourself wholly and then first wait' Erestor said and Glorfindel obeyed and when his manhood was to the root inside Erestor he gave all the time his beloved needed to adjust in the feeling and the pain to lessen. 'You can begin to move my love, I am well' Erestor encouraged Glorfindel to move the pain had lessened a bit. Glorfindel angled his trust to the dark haired ones prostate so the pleasure would be stronger than the pain, which he succeeded at when Erestor moaned in pleasure when he thrust in. Soon Glorfindel felt him near his release he was moaning with Erestor and he let his hand drift to grasp his beloved's manhood and stroked it in the rhythm he was moving. 'Ai Glorfindel' Erestor moaned when he released his seeds on their stomachs. Glorfindel thrust few final times and came inside of his beloved and slowly pulled himself out and fell on the bed beside Erestor. 'That was amazing' Erestor said and slowly moved closer to Glorfindel and rested his head on the others chest. 'Aye, you felt wonderful around me. Oh honey, you are bleeding' Glorfindel said when he noticed the trace of blood on the sheets. 'Fin I am perfectly fine and It is normal to bleed a while after the first time even if your love prepared you very well' Erestor said and Glorfindel nodded, pulled the blanket over them and stroked Erestor's raven black hair. 'Sleep my lovely raven and when you wake up I can make you scream in pleasure again' Glorfindel said and kissed Erestor on the lips. 'You are impossible Glorfindel' Erestor said and answered to the kiss. Glorfindel couldn't wait he was so happy, today was the day he and Erestor would be wed. Glorfindel had picked the ring from the best goldsmith in Gondolin. He sat on his office waiting for Erestor to return. 'You look very happy' Erestor commented when he entered the office. 'I can't just stop smiling' Glorfindel said and drew Erestor down in to his lap. 'Oh you, how can I dress alone before the wedding?' Erestor asked and Glorfindel shrugged and claimed Erestor's lips in a lovely and passionate kiss. 'Maybe I must ask your brother to chain me in a chair' the golden haired suggested. 'That wouldn't even keep you apart from me Fin' Erestor said, smiled and leaned in to a kiss but the romantic moment was destroyed when the war bells begun to ring. '... Perfect' Erestor grumbled and stood up from the others lap. Glorfindel took hold of Erestor's hand and they run to the throne room where king Turgon gave orders to the chief's; 'Gather all the men you have! We will not Gondolin fall!' 'Erestor' King Turgon said and Erestor bowed to the king and asked; 'Yes my king?' 'Collect all the scribers and escort my daughter and her children to a hidden valley called Imaldris. She will be held there safe by my cousins until Gondolin is safe' King Turgon said. 'I'll my king. Your daughter will stay safe with us. I'll collect the scribers, order them take light weapons with them and food, we shall disguise the princess and the children and we will leave right away' Erestor said and bowed to the king. Glorfindel pulled Erestor in a tight embrace and kissed the dark haired on the mouth. ,Be safe my love, we shall be wedded right after this war is over. I love you Erestor, Glorfindel let his beloved hear his thought. ,You are the one fighting, you must promise me to be careful. But I must go, will you come after me to the valley?, Erestor looked at one he loved. ,Of course, I will come after you. Go now be safe, Glorfindel let Erestor from his arms. ,I love Glorfindel, Erestor thought and disappeared from the throne room. 'Going to fight beside me friend?' Ecthelion asked when he walked to the golden haired. 'With honour, 'Thel my friend. Let's go after our soldiers and win this war' Glorfindel said and Ecthelion nodded and they run together after their soldier's. Glorfindel put his armour on and the heard something fell from the pocket of his robe, it was the box where the wedding ring for Erestor lay in. Glorfindel opened the box, took the ring from it, slipped on a necklace chain, put it around his neck and slipped it under his tunic. The all twelve chief's, king Turgon and their soldiers stood out side of Gondolin's gate and watched as weird, wicked and ugly creatures marched toward them. 'For Gondolin!' the king shouted and all the men joined him in one voice and attacked the enemy. Glorfindel killed enemy after enemy and when it looked like there was no enemy left a burning smell crept to Glorfindel's nose. There were not many left and some of the enemy's had managed in side of the city and set it in flames. Glorfindel challenged the foul creature which was a balrog, he managed to slay it but was so badly damaged from the balrog that he fell on the ground. ,I am so sorry Erestor, I guess there is no wedding. The city broke, we failed, Glorfindel reached for his lovers mind and heard him. ,Glorfindel, no, I need you don't die, ,Oh my sweet you know I do anything for you, but I have bleed to much and I'm getting cold. I will wait for you in halls, don't fade, please, Glorfindel thought and heard Erestor; ,Glorfindel, I love you! I will always love you and I promise to do my best to honour your last which, ,We will meat again my sweet Erestor. I love you my raven, that was last thought and then Glorfindel died on the battlefield. TRANSLATIONS (QUENIA) Melme - Love Atar- Father Amil- Mother A/N: Owned to my lovely girlfriend! What did you like? Shall I continue or?