answered with a twinkle in his eyes. "Do you have a smaller one?" he asked. "Yes I do," Adair answered and took a much smaller gem out of his pocket and showed it to Gandalf. "That will do, and I'll make sure he takes it," Gandalf said. "Thank you sir," Adair replied. Adair and his friends were grateful to Gandalf and told him so. Gandalf also gave them some valuable advice. They then departed the dining room and were shown to their rooms. While they were walking to their rooms Adair asked Gandalf if he could speak to him in his room for a few minutes and Gandalf said yes. Adair told his friends he'll be along shortly. "What would you like to talk to me about Adair?" Gandalf asked when they entered his room and sat facing each other. "I was wondering if you could tell me what my sword is made of," he answered and took the long sword off his back and handed it to Gandalf. Adair watched as he unsheathed his sword and studied it. "Where did you get this sword from Adair?" he asked still studying the sword. "It's a heirloom which has been in my family for many, many years?" he answered. "My mother gave it to me before we rode South." Gandalf nodded his head. "This sword is made of pure Mithril," he told Adair and saw the confused look on his face. "Mithril is a very rare medal and can't be found anymore," Gandalf told him. "How did your family come to possess such a weapon?" "My mother told me long ago our family use to live in the South until a King and his men came from across the sea and invaded our lands – and our people went to war with them and lost. After they killed our King and his entire family and burned down the castles, we no longer had a leader and they exiled us North. This sword was Adair's sword and he was the first of my name and also the Captain of the King's Guard. He also lead the King's Army into battle against the foul things. My mother also told me Adair was a great swordsmen and many men from across the sea fell under his sword. Ana, Adair's wife, told the enemy King what will befall his people and told him...," Adair answered. He then told Gandalf how his family came into possession of their gems and his inheritance, which he didn't know about until recently. Gandalf knew Ana was talking to King Elendil and what she prophesied came true. He lost both his sons, their lands, and his people did dwindle to nothing. The Númenóreans never did found peace in these lands and all they built came to ruin, whereas Adair's people prospered in the North. He didn't know the Númenóreans went to war with the men who lived in Arnor when they returned, but knew this was the price they paid for what they did to Adair's people. He handed Adair's sword back to him. "Why are you traveling South Adair?" he asked. "My mother only told me there's something for me in the South and I'll know it when I see it," he answered laughing. Gandalf also laughed. "Your mother sounds like Ana," he said. "She is and we call them seer-witches," Adair replied. "Mother told me when I return home that I must go East and then West. She also told me Ana said our new King will come from hers and Adair's line and he'll be a Lord's son." "Is your father a Lord?" Gandalf asked. "Yes, but I'm his bastard son and my mother is a servant in his household and I grew up there. He never acknowledged me and my two half-sisters always reminded me of my place. I did learn how to read and write and my mother taught me manners and how a Noble Household is run," Adair answered. Prophesies are not always what they seem Adair," Gandalf told him. "Sir?" he asked with a raised eyebrow. "Ana said your new King will come from her and Adair's line and he'll be a Lord's son; however, she didn't foresee he'll be his bastard son," Gandalf told him. Adair nodded his head. "What will you find in the East?" Gandalf asked. "My army," he answered. "Khan's people are a warrior race and fierce fighters. They're also excellent bowmen, swordsmen and great horsemen. My mother told me war is coming to our lands." Gandalf knew Adair's mother is right. He and Adair talked a while longer. xxx "I've come to say good-bye," Gandalf said when he walked into the stable the next morning and saw Adair's horse turn and look at him. Gandalf looked at the big black stallion and sensed an intelligence in him. "It was nice meeting you Gandalf," Adair replied. Gandalf walked up to Adair's horse and rubbed his neck. "Nice horse," Gandalf said still rubbing his neck. "Wind just appeared one day on my Lord's lands and no one could tame him. I said I'll try and he responded to me," Adair replied. "He found the right master," Gandalf told him with a twinkle in his eyes. Adair and his friends thanked Gandalf again, said their good-byes, walked their horses out of the stable, got on their horses and rode South. "Who are they Gandalf?" Aragon asked riding up next to him, but never taking his eyes off the six men dressed in clothes he's never seen before. "Strangers riding through," he answered. "We met last night at dinner and they're fine young men." "Where are they from?" Aragon asked. "The North," Gandalf answered. "They told me they live at the top of the world and this is their first time in South. In fact, none of their people have been South and they're the first." Aragon knew not to press the point and trusted Gandalf's judgment when it comes to others.