"You are in Middle-earth, the closest city is Rivendell." "Okay now I am starting to get mad. Seriously people, drop the act or I will be ten times worse than Serena over there." "Aragorn" frowned. "We are not acting. We are who we say we are." I gave him my best mean glare. "Dude, stop it ." I snapped. "Why do you not believe us?" "Because if you are who you say you are then you don't exist! How dumb do you think we are?!" I finally lost my patience. "We should take them to Gandalf." "Legolas" said. "DUDE! CUT IT OUT!" Serena yelled. "Boromir" sighed and hit the back of her head the flat of his sword. Serena fell over unconscious. "What did you do that for?! She wouldn't have hurt you!" I exclaimed. "Boromir" opened his mouth to say something but "Aragorn" cut him off. "She was too loud, we would have attracted orcs." "Aragorn" said. I just rolled my eyes and kept my mouth shut to avoid being hit. "Aragorn" helped me up and picked up Serena. I followed them into a small clearing. There was a fire and six people sitting around it. Four of them were extremely short and another man was a little taller than the other four but was still short, the other was an elderly man. "Gandalf, we found these two wandering in the forest alone." "Boromir" said. "Gandalf" frowned and said "Bind them, they cannot be trusted." Serena was still unconscious but I am sure if she heard that "Gandalf" would be dead. "I have a broken arm, I can't do much to harm you." I spoke up. "Very well, bind her then." He motioned to Serena. "She won't hurt you!" I protested. "Silence girl, she did earlier." I whirled around to face Boromir. He had a black eye forming. I snickered. "Look, maybe you shouldn't have freaked her out then. She's very defensive okay?" I snapped. "You speak in a strange dialect." "Gandalf" stated. "Why were you two wandering in the forest alone?" "Uh, I don't know…. We didn't mean to come here. We were on our way to class and we fell, and now we are here." "Gandalf" looked at me like I was crazy. They all did. I probably sounded crazy though, so I didn't blame them (then again they were in medieval costumes claiming they were Lord of the Rings characters. I will admit they had good costumes. Especially the "hobbits".). "Tell me child, how many winters have you seen?" "I am twenty-six. I am going to be twenty-seven soon though." "Can you handle a weapon?" "No, but Serena can." "Bind her feet too." "Gandalf" said to "Boromir". He seemed more than happy to oblige. "You know when she wakes up she's going to kill you all. Not literally, but I guarantee you will have a killer headache. She is not quiet when she's unhappy." "Well then I will personally silence her again." "Boromir" snapped. "Yeesh, retract the claws there buddy. She won't hurt you if you don't hurt her. Or tie her up." "I have no claws. And I did not hurt her when we first met." "It's a figure of speech and you were being a total jerk when you first met. Can't say I blame her for punching you." He snarled and bound her legs. "You are going to be begging for an aspirin when she wakes up." "What is an 'aspirin'?" "Aragorn" asked. "It's a pain killer. You seriously need to drop the act. How do you not know what aspirin is?" "Aragorn" frowned. "We will bind you too if you do not learn to hold your tongue girl." "Gandalf" said. I glared at him. "How do you plan on doing that when my arm is broken?" I snapped. He just frowned. "Maybe a little pain will do you good." "Boromir" said. "Excuse me? I'm not the one with a stick up his ass who happens to be harassing two girls!" He snarled. I heard a couple of people snicker. "Silence." "Gandalf" commanded. "We need to search your bags to be sure you are not orc spies. Your friend will remain bound until we have learned to trust you two." I frowned. Serena would not like that, but I would have to deal with it. Instead of worrying about Serena's reaction when she woke up, I decided to figure out where I was. Okay, we fell out of the freaking sky into the woods. That was not a good sign. I was begging to wonder if this really was Middle-earth or just some very well thought out prank. Hopefully the latter so I could murder whose idea it was and let it be over with. I sighed. "Legolas" came back into the clearing with my backpack and Serena's shoulder bag. "If you find a pocket knife in there it is purely for stabbing creepy people who try and hurt us. We don't live in the nicest place." I said worried that they would find a weapon in Serena's bag. She was very, very, paranoid about being attacked by a creeper. All nine of them gave me a weird look. "Aragorn" began pulling things out of my backpack. He pulled out our play script, some books, my drama textbook, my binder, my iPod, and my cell phone. "What are these?" "Aragorn" asked holding up my iPod and cell phone. "Really? C'mon, it's an iPod and my cell phone." I said. They really needed to stop because I was beginning to consider that I was actually in Middle-earth. Get it together Nicole; there is no way in hell you are in a book I thought quietly to myself. But I knew in my heart I was. A/N: Hey!! We had to write one of these things, they are really funny. Me (amberhathaway) and my bestest buddy Marieke (rikoxriko) worked hard on this! So reviews are greatly appreciated! No flames though. Love ya'll! Lauren and Marieke