purposefully making the sound that mimicked my wild heart that seemed to be beating like a drum. "I cannot believe this is happening…Haldir I know the future is grim but perhaps if we had hope…in us we may yet survive." I felt like a child. Begging and fumbling for attention I had begun to pour the words within my heart to the stoic elf. "I did not imagine these feelings we share...I love-" "STOP IT MERENWEN! You have a mission to complete! You will see to it that the hobbit in possession of the one ring makes it to Mordor and destroys that ring by whatever means necessary. You will serve the ring-bearer, you will fight and you will win. Is that understood?" Typical Haldir, to revert back to his role as march-warden even when facing the fact I nearly spoke of my true feelings towards him. Was this Lady Galadriel's doing? Or was this truly how he felt? If it meant protecting me, his people and this world Haldir would gladly suffer the consequences of losing my love. He was selfless and it was tearing me apart. "Harden your heart, refuse feelings of love for that is a weakness the enemy will use against you. Please, for once, be obedient to my orders." His voice had faded in power and strength; his eyes began to show the slightest hint of sadness within them. "So that's it…I leave here being nothing more than your pupil, and you my mentor?" I trembled. Already the thoughts of his absence were beginning to frighten me. "Yes. We always have our dreams Merenwen; but dreams are all that they will ever be. I dare say that you will one day you will understand. I bid thee farewell." He said with a bow. I did not know whether to cling to him or run far from his sight; my body chose to remain still as he took a turn and left me in a daze. "Go then, run away like the coward that you are!" I instantly brought my hand over my mouth the moment I realized my thoughts had spewed from my lips. I watched as he steps came to a halt. "You are far better off in the company of men than you are with elves Merenwen." He then turned away and continued his path leading away from me. After the seemingly endless time of introductions had taken place, I had found myself within a daze; a fog had entered my mind as I tried to understand the events that had taken place. My thoughts were quickly interrupted by a young hobbit standing before me. "You are leaving your home…for me. Leaving your family, friends…your entire life to do this; please know I would not ask it of you to leave…if you are not ready." I was astonished at the words the small creature had spoken. I felt a smile upon my face as I placed my hand upon his head of curly brown locks. "I know that you would not ask it of me; but I am meant to be by your side master hobbit. For reasons unclear to me, our paths are now intertwined. Shall we make it a path worth traveling?" I winked. I watched as the young hobbit chuckled as he joined his kin. The sun had risen to a great height in the sky as we began piling our gear into the elegant boats Galadriel had given us. I would be paddling a boat with the company of Prince Legolas of Mirkwood and a short, stout creature they call Gimli. I was not fond of Dwarves, I found them rude, obnoxious and I simply could not deny the putrid smell that accompanied them. I was standing before the waters edge; the chill of the river had reached the tip of my boots. I had begun to scan the trees surrounding us; I saw familiar faces bidding us farewell. The Lady Galadriel was standing; her radiant glow did not distract me from searching for another face. There was no reason for him to stand upon the shore; but still I searched. "My lady, are you ready to depart?" I turned to see the young prince gesturing me towards our boat. His gentle smile was enough to force a smile of my own as I nodded. "Were you looking for someone?" a deep, unattractive voice asked me. I looked down to see the dwarf. His bushy red eyebrows furrowed. "No." I quickly replied. "I see." He added as he climbed into the boat after me. Legolas handed me a paddle before he pushed our boat into the water. I dared not face Galadriel as we paddled further and further from the shore. I felt her eyes upon me, yet I focused my gaze forward. It was the only thing I felt I should do; look forward…and never look back. We had been paddling for hours, trees and monuments left in ruin passed us as we continued down the watery path. "Had you told me I would be sitting in a boat with two elves on a quest to Mordor I would have believed you to be mad." Gimli snorted in laughter. I couldn't help but roll my eyes at the comment. "My father warned me of dwarves. He said they were prideful and arrogant." I heard the prince reply. "Funny, my father told me the same about elves." The two proceeded to laugh; leaving me in a confusing state of thought. When was it that dwarves and elves become so friendly towards one another? "So tell me lassie, how did such a fine beauty find herself in the midst of the fellowship?" Gimli asked. I felt my mouth open slightly; did he truly just say such a thing to me? "You will have to excuse my friend; I believe he has become enamored with the elleths of Lothlorien." Prince Legolas said. "Trust me master dwarf, I am nothing like them."