his eyes. Haldir stroked the area again in an experimental manner, his arousal pounding painfully as Legolas' muscles tightened against his digits. The Lórien elf then removed his fingers, convinced that Legolas was stretched enough. Legolas whimpered at the sudden loss of contact, but then replaced it with a gasp as he felt Haldir's slick head prod at his entrance. "Legolas…if I continue, there is no going back." Haldir's soft voice came to Legolas' ears, and he smiled weakly in response. "I know…I know," he whispered, his hands moving up to the warrior's chest and coming to a rest on his strong shoulders. "But I do not want to go back," he continued, eyelids fluttering in apparent bliss. Haldir smiled and then brought himself down on all fours, his hands planted on either side of the slender elven body beneath him. He slowly entered Legolas, and the prince loudly gasped as he moved into him inch by inch. Halfway in, Legolas' muscles clenched around Haldir's silky, hard length, and Haldir leaned down and tenderly kissed him on the lips. "It is alright, seron vell (dear lover)," he whispered, gently trailing kisses all over the younger elf's face. Slowly, Legolas relaxed and Haldir entered him to the hilt in one swift thrust. Legolas cried out as Haldir's length stretched him wide; tears formed at the corners of his eyes as the temporary pain washed over him in waves. Thankfully, the coat of his own semen allowed Haldir to move easily within him, and his thrusts were slow at first, allowing Legolas get used to his length. Legolas lifted his hips to take Haldir as deep as possible, moaning softly at the feel of his best friend's, now lover's, hot length move inside of him, feeling the steady pulse of his cock against his velvet walls. Haldir began to quicken the pace and intensity of his thrusts after Legolas had completely relaxed, and he grasped Legolas' erection again, moving his closed fist over it in rhythm to his thrusts. Legolas cried out at the new sensation, and his sacs immediately began to tighten. Haldir felt the prince's pulsing length jerk in his grip, and he stroked the head with his thumb, brushing over the slit that dripped pre-cum, inducing another moan from the slighter elf, his hips lifting up and rubbing his arousal against Haldir's sculpted abdomen. He suddenly screamed as Haldir finally hit his hidden gland, his cock jerking violently in the Galadhrim's grasp, his back arching gracefully in a perfect curve, and his hips bucking against Haldir's own. Taking advantage of his discovery, Haldir thrust even harder in the same direction, swiveling his hips to strike the tender area again, eliciting another pleasured scream from the beautiful body that writhed beneath him. Haldir's strokes on his erection became fervent, almost as furious as his thrusts. Haldir suddenly plunged down to claim Legolas' mouth, into which Legolas moaned loudly and ran his fingers through the silver veil of hair that fell over the other's shoulders; Haldir's tongue battled with the prince's own, and with that combined with Haldir's hand stroking his arousal and the quivering and pulsing of the guard's own cock as he thrust inside him became his undoing. Screaming Haldir's name, Legolas spilled into the Silvan's hand and against his stomach, and Haldir found his own release quickly after, moaning loudly as his cock violently shot long, hot rivers of his seed into Legolas' body. It was over…it was done. Haldir slowly pulled away, his softening length leaving the hot, velvety body of the quivering prince. He lay down beside Legolas and the prince drew him close, holding the guard's head to his chest. Both elves panted and shook as the chill of the night wind cooled their heated flesh, and Ithil bathed their slender bodies in her gentle, silver light, their hair and sweat glistening under her gaze. Haldir relaxed himself as he listened to the thud of Legolas' heart, its pace slowing down with Legolas' controlled breaths. He sighed in contentment as Legolas ran his hands through his hair again, eyes fluttering. He raised his head a little to tenderly kiss the younger warrior's neck, and Legolas groaned softly at the chaste touch. Legolas then shifted until his gray-blue eyes met levelly with Haldir's deep-sea ones and rested his forehead against the Galadhrim's. " Melon le, beriadiren (I love you, my Guardian)," Legolas whispered, lightly caressing the Guardian's soft, red lips with his own. " Melon le, ernilen (I love you, my Prince)," Haldir returned, smiling, and parted the prince's lips with his tongue and gently pushed the silky muscle inside. Legolas sighed and wrapped his arms around Haldir's neck, moving him closer and deepening the kiss. Haldir cupped the young warrior's face in his hands, returning the favour, his heart lighter than a feather, his mind at a state of peace he has never experienced. Legolas, too, felt this sensation, and he knew with all of his heart that he truly loved Haldir. How could he have been too blind to see it before? Of all of those times they shared together, of pain and comfort, of romping and sleeping together in a way only true friends could share. Without Haldir, Legolas knew that life would never be as joyous or fulfilling. And now, it was complete, and they had proven it to the Golden Wood with their cries and moans of rediscovered long-lost love. When the kiss was finally broken, Legolas smiled and snuggled against his newfound lover, his hand resting over Haldir's heart, the Marchwarden's strong arms encircling him protectively. They lay together through the night, surrounded by the protective mallyrn, their slender, well-muscled bodies entwined gracefully, inhaling each others' scent and presence, the warmth they shared comforting them from the cold night. Their souls and hearts entwined as they slept peacefully, and their fair hair merged together on the dark, green forest floor, shining silver and gold under Ithil's bright face, becoming one.