it to remain." A pair of eyes blinked slowly and resting his head back upon Legolas' warm chest, Estel asked, "And what if I lose that trust?" For a moment, silence fell between them, neither choosing to speak. A pale hand tenderly clasped Estel's raising it gently through the air. The boy watched its motion before it stopped, resting protectively over his heart. Brow furrowed, he met Legolas' eyes, the Elf speaking firmly, brushing away his doubts as easily as overhanging cobwebs. " Estelio han, gwador-nin. Estelio han…" Breathing heavily, chest heaving in anger and despair, Aragorn raised his eyes to the ceiling. Drawing in a deep breath, he screamed out, uncaring if anyone was there to hear him: " Elbereth! Gil en-gilgalad nunthi! I moe dhuath orthor sinome, bealocwealm hafad fréon frecan forth onsended! Saes, anno-anim i galadh le dabo-anim! " His voice echoed around the empty room as he waited, eyes searching the dark for any sign of an answer. Frustration rose inside as the silence dragged on and he roared angrily, eyes red and bloodshot. Staring at the lifeless form in his arms, he shook Legolas futilely, devastation clouding his mind. "I trusted you! You told me that my light would never fade if I wished it not to, and yet you still went!" His voice cracked with emotion as he shouted at the lost Elf. ' How could he leave me? He told me… he told me…' "Please come back," the Human begged, the dead eyes watching him blankly, only visible with the flickering torchlight. "I need you by my side. I need you to keep me on the path should I ever waver. I need you to make me smile when all falls to darkness. I need to know that no matter what, you would have remained my friend. Legolas, u-aníron ner. " And as he buried his face snugly back in the golden arrayed locks, he missed the one bright twinkle in the Elf's unseeing eyes, nor the warming light that swum around him, protectively as always, whispering unheard words of comfort. 'Estelio han, mellon-nin .' " Ea na gwiil, gwador-nin," Aragorn murmured brokenly to his friend, holding his embrace against the cold body. 'Im dari sí ah nin-ion, galadh mi i-fuin.' Tears unrelenting, Aragorn reached forth, grasping his sword and easily sheathing it away. He rose to a crouch, placing one hand carefully under the Elf's knees and another under his back. With little effort, Aragorn straightened, lifting Legolas into his arms, his body limp and plaint in his hold. His eyes fell momentarily on the torch, still abandoned on the floor, before he turned swiftly and walked away, Legolas held close to his chest. He had no need for flames – he felt there was something else, guiding his way. 'Inyë nar hlar, Estel. I promise… ' Sorry for the sadness! The idea just came to me one day - unfortunately Legolas had to suffer for it... :( Please review and let me know what you think - I'd love to hear back from you all! :D Elvish Translations: Saes - Please Ulund - Monster Ulca nyaro - Evil rat Arda - Middle-earth Tua amin - Help me Antolle ulua sulrim! - Much wind pours from your mouth! Amin hiraetha - I'm sorry Mellon-nin - My friend Díhena-hin - Forgive me Gurth 'ni yrch! - Death to the Orcs! Mae govannen - Well met Tithen pen - Little one Penneth - Young one Im ... - I'm... Elen sila lumenn omentielvo - A star shine upon the hour of our greeting Ion-nin - My son Adar - Father Manen nar tye? - Are you alright? Im mae - I am well Man le carel sí? - What are you doing here? Mellon - Friend Astalder - Valiant one Aniron Imladris na - I wish to be in Rivendell Baw, im iest na gwanno - No, I want to die Henion, han i vangad i moe ben bango - I understand, this is the price that must be paid Nai tiruvantel ar varyuvantel i Valar tielyanna nu elen - May the Valar protect you on your path under the stars Namarie, na-den pedim ad - Farewell, until we meet again Inyë nar lyar - I am here Telin le thaed - I've come to help you Kwivra! - Awake! Ernil - Prince In sinome ni le - I am here for you Im sí - I'm here Yrch - Orcs Avo iosto mellon-nin - Don't worry my friend Avo pedo - Don't speak Sedho - Be still Gwador-nin - My brother (sworn) Baw, im tur-uu - No, I cannot Nin sarch deri - My grave waits Si boe ú-dhannathach! - You cannot falter now! Dartha an nin - Stay with me Utúlie'n aurë - The day has come Pain garolino bellas - We have need of your strength Lle naa belegohtar - You are a mighty warrior No bell! - Be strong! Im nennar, maethor! - I order, warrior! Avo gwanno ereb nin - Don't leave me alone Tithen muindor - Little brother Lasto beth-nin - Hear my voice Tolo dan nan galad! - Come back to the light! Bâd gurth vi ngalad firiel - Death moves in the fading light Im boe tíro calad - I must see the light Ada - Papa Elbereth, gil en-gilgalad nunthi - Elbereth, shine the starlight downward Estelio han - Trust this I moe dhuath orthor sinome, bealocwealm hafad fréon frecan forth onsended! - There is a shadow holding sway in this place, an evil death has set forth the noble warrior! Saes, anno-anim i galadh le dabo-anim! - Please, give me the light you blessed me! U-aníron ner - I don't want to be alone Ea na gwiil - Be at peace Im dari sí ah nin-ion, galadh mi i-fuin - I remain here with you, bright amid the deep shadow Thanks so much for reading!!! :) Hugs, Ami-Rose x x x x x ;)