can stay." "Nope. If the others go back, he goes with them. Besides, I don't think they'll be going back anytime soon. My T.V. is busted and I really don't know exactly what happened. But we do have to get them out of here before mom and dad get back from Hawaii. Who knows what they'll do if they find the fellowship in the house." "And we can't take them outside either. I don't even want to see how my friends would react if Orlando Bloom and Elijah Wood suddenly popped up in our neighborhood." Caly commented as she cast another hungry glance at the Elven Prince. "But they aren't actors." Atalanta started to say. "They're-" "I know that. But the fact that they look like the actors is enough. Believe me." Caly said, glancing at Legolas again. "Obviously." Atalanta said, looking at her sister with apprehension. "Pardon me, miladies." Gandalf said, stepping between the two sisters. "I believe that if I could learn more about this world and how far we are from our own, I could find a way to get us back to Middle-Earth." "And how long do you think that would take?" Atalanta asked him. "I am not certain. I have never been faced with a situation such as this. It could very well take months to solve this riddle." "Great, just great! What am I supposed to do with you guys until then?" Atalanta wondered out loud. "They could just stay here." Caly suggested hopefully. "Well, it's looking like that's all they can do." Atalanta replied. "Oh yes! You can sleep in my room, Legolas!" Caly said excitedly. "Forget it!" Atalanta said, annunciating every syllable. Just then, she realized something. "What are we going to tell Aaron? We can't just hide them from him." she said worriedly. "No need to hide them from me. I can see them well enough." a voice said from the hallway. Atalanta turned to look at her doorway and saw her twelve-year-old brother standing there. "How much of that did you hear?" she asked him. "All of it." he replied. "And here I was under the unfortunate delusion that Americans had a right to privacy." Atalanta said sarcastically as she dragged her brother into the already over-crowded room and shut the door. "Well, I hope you don't mind my saying so, but it's a little difficult to not notice these nine freaks standing in your bedroom when your door is wide open." he said as he threw her hands off of his shoulders. "So what do you think?" Caly asked him. "I think that since this seems to be the actual fellowship of the ring, that they could help me solve that new video game of mine. You know, The Two Towers role playing game. I vote they stay." Aaron said as he inspected each of the nine walkers. Atalanta visibly shuddered. Caly just stared open-mouthed at her kid brother. "Aaron, think about what you just said. The real fellowship has just popped up in my bedroom in a completely random case of fandom cliché and all you can think about is using them as a game guide. They probably don't even know what video games are!" Atalanta burst out. "If I may ask, my lady, what is fandom cliché? Or video games for that matter?" Boromir asked her. "Oh man, I need to think." Atalanta exhaled noisily as she flung open her bedroom door so she could get out into the hall and pace properly. Boromir tried to follow her to see if she had even heard him. "Excuse me-" he started. "No, don't talk to me right now." "But I-" he started to say as he struggled out after her. "Don't even move!" "But-" "You're moving!" "I was just-" "uh-uh, uh-uh…just…stand there. Don't even breath!" she said irately as she pushed him back into the room with the others. "What are we going to do about tonight?" Caly asked as she pushed her way out of the room to pace beside her sister. "That's what I'm trying to figure out." "I could baby-sit them." Caly suggested. "In your dreams!" "Oh come on. Think about it. What choice do you have? You're friends are expecting you to go. We'll just order a pizza and introduce middle-Earth to some MTV. How bad could it be?" "Bad!" Atalanta countered. "You don't really want to stay home do you? Come on. I thought you said Kyle was going to be there tonight." The mention of Kyle's name was all it took. Atalanta had had a crush on Kyle ever since her Freshman year. Nothing, absolutely nothing, was going to make her miss an outing with Kyle. No matter how small. Just one glance at her sister's face and Caly new that she had her trapped. "Oh, all right, fine! But if anything, anything at all, happens while I'm at the movie, you two will wish you had never been born." Atalanta glared at her siblings. Then she stalked away towards the stairs. "Where are you going?" Caly asked her. "To order the pizza. Where else? Pepperoni, I think. Maybe some sausage." she muttered to herself as she made her way down the staircase. "What is pizza?" Aragorn asked, clearly baffled. "And movies and MTV? What are they?" Pippin asked. "Oh, you poor, deprived children." Caly said as she herded the strange group of fairytale beings out of Atalanta's room. "Especially you, my little hottie Elf." she said to Legolas as she turned to lead them down the stairs. "I must ask you, young master Aaron, when she calls me "hot Elf" as she so crudely put it, is that good or bad?" Aaron hesitated for a minute before answering. "That really depends on your definition of the word. In this dimension, most guys would consider it a good thing. But…in your case, Legolas……I'd be very afraid if I were you." Legolas gulped nervously as he followed the others down the stairs. XxX