up to kiss him, and wrapped one of his arms around the blonde's neck and the other remained around his back. Thranduil kissed him in return, but relinquished the idea of taking Elrond right as his hands touched the brunette's flesh under his hair. When they pulled apart Thranduil saw Elrond's eyes light up in happiness. "We must get back before someone gets suspicious, but I promise you meleth when this is done…I will take you to bed and make love to your beautiful body." Elrond blushed a bit. "I'm sure you will." Thranduil took Elrond's hand and led him back out of the halls and into the gardens. It was getting close to sunset, but as they stood together a thought suddenly came to Elrond. "When this is done, what will happen?" Thranduil turned to him. "You mean after I'm certain you're not in any danger?" Thranduil held his hands in his own. "I won't just leave, I will remain for a while." "You will leave? When this is finished our people will be leaving to the Undying Lands…" "And we will both go." Elrond stared at him. "There is no doubt in my mind we will see each other again, even if it's many moons from now. My people feel that we must go as well, when the time comes we shall and be together with our own kin. My son knows this as well, but I feel that he might be needed out here long after." "You would let your son remain behind?" Thranduil sighed. "He has grown and matured nicely, he's very skilled in battle, strong and intelligent…he will do very well." He saw the sadness in Thranduil's eyes, despite his cold nature he cared greatly for his only son. "I don't want you to leave so soon…" Thranduil touched the side of his face. "I will stay as long as I am able, and I will remain by your side until I must leave." The elder elf planted a gentle kiss on Elrond's nose. "I do so wish…" Elrond smiled but his smile faded immediately when an arrow whisked by them. It landed directly behind Elrond, but when Thranduil turned to find the assassin someone snuck up behind Elrond and put their arm around his throat nearly choking him. He felt the tip of a knife against his cheek, and Thranduil was staring at another attacker dressed in dark clothing. "Who are you?" he growled out. "We don't have any business with you Woodland King, we only want Elrond." Judging by the voice it was a ranger, a corrupted one. Elrond couldn't speak due to the pressure against his jugular, but he could hear the presence of Thranduil's elves nearby. He quickly prayed they would act soon. "It's not wise pointing a blade at Elrond." Thranduil didn't even turn, but Elrond heard the faint maliciousness in his voice. "What?" the ranger holding Elrond moved the tip of his blade barely away from Elrond's face. "You will die, before you harm him." Thranduil's sword pierced the heart of the ranger in front of him, and the faint whistle of another arrow caught Elrond's ears before the man holding him loosened his grip and fell to the ground. He turned to see an arrow had struck into his throat from the side, and the other Thranduil had killed. "Ada, my lord Elrond…." Legolas came over to them. "Nice aim Legolas." Thranduil turned to them. "Are you alright Elrond?" "Yes." "We found a group of rangers, they've been dealt with." Legolas looked at the two dead men on the ground. "There are no more, as far as we can see." "Keep a watch; I will take Elrond back to his quarters." Thranduil gently grabbed Elrond's wrist and led him away. When they reached Elrond's bedroom Thranduil put his blades down and took Elrond into his arms. "I'm fine Thranduil…" Thranduil moved to kiss him, and Elrond responded but when the woodland king's arms moved down to his lower waist he began to pull back a little. "Wait…" "Forgive me meleth." Thranduil pulled back completely. "I was worried." "It happened so quickly, yet it ended just as much." Elrond touched Thranduil's arm. "Your son helped me." "Yes, and now I have this feeling that I must hold you until the very breath leaves your body. Then I must ravish you as I have longed to do so, but I won't unless you allow it." Elrond was speechless, not moments ago he would've been abducted and/or killed, yet now his heart was telling him to let Thranduil comfort him. He wanted Thranduil's touch, his love, but was now really the right time? "I…" he felt his own need dwell inside his heart, his need for Thranduil to take him. "I want you to love me." he approached Thranduil carefully. "I want you to take me." "Do you truly?" "Yes…yes…" Thranduil pulled Elrond against him again and started to plant butterfly kisses on Elrond's neck. "Oooh…." Thranduil began to remove Elrond's robes off his shoulders, planting more kisses on the hot flesh and getting several tiny moans in return. "Move to the bed meleth." The mighty king whispered into Elrond's sensitive ear, and the Peredhel complied. "Take off your clothes, and I will do the same." Both elves shed their clothing in seconds, and then Thranduil was looming over Elrond's body. He continued to kiss Elrond's skin, and his hands moved down to his chest to play with his dark nipples. Scene's been cut, look up the full version on archive of our own. "That…was brilliant…" Thranduil panted as he held his love. "Yes…yes it was…" Elrond kissed Thranduil's lips. "I love you." "I love you too my dearest." They laid like that together, and when sleep soon fell upon them they lay together basking in a warm embrace. Like it? First LOTR fic, might post another in the future but not sure when and it'll be a crossover. R&R Later!