a determination apparent in his face, making the others' hearts not feel so downcast. After an hour of searching the dim forest, Merry stopped suddenly. Bonty, who was walking close behind him in the narrow section between two close clusters of trees, ran into him and stumbled to the point of falling. Merry's curled head lowered as he examined the ground before him. Fatty leaned over also and his eyes grew wide with excitement. "Could it be?" he asked. Bonty adjusted his white and green clothes more comfortably and squatted down next to his companions. There, in the mud, were tiny hobbit footprints. "Yes, it could. It looks too fresh to belong to someone who came before and too small for any of the other searchers." Merry flashed a grin at Fatty and Bonty and stood up. "Come on. We found clues and we must follow it! I have a feeling we are going to find a hobbit lass today!" He whistled a tune to a familiar hobbit song and soon the other two hobbits joined in merrily as they followed the footprints deeper into the forest. Oblila looked up when she heard haunting voices coming from behind her. She gasped and stood up quickly and looked around. The trees were groaning with the sudden burst of wind and leaning so precariously Oblila was not sure if was safe to move from her spot in fear of being hit by the swaying limbs. The melody continued despite the sudden whispers of wind. Feathers of air puffed around the hobbit and caused bumps to rise on her skin as a chill settled on the forest. Oblila sat down on the opposite side of the tree where the ghostly song was coming from and curled into a ball for warmth. She was very frightened and sobbed without releasing any tears. She was too frightened to even cry. The longer Oblila listened the more familiar the song became to her. She was amazed that these sylvan spirits of the Old Forest knew one of her favorite tunes. She caught herself singing a chorus before slapping her hands over her mouth in horror. She must not attract attention and be eaten! It was Oblila's largest fear at the moment, to be captured by the spectral beings that surely roamed the forest and ate little hobbits. Her mother had told her about them and Oblila had not believed her, thinking it was just stories to frighten her into being good. Her opinion had changed now, however. The wind blew wilder and the trees danced at its bidding. A pine tree shed its needles and many of them flew and landed where the hobbit child hid. Oblila brushed them off quickly and shook her fist at the tree who only bowed to her in response. The voices drew closer still and wind howled a countermelody with the hobbit song. The voices stopped suddenly. Oblila froze with horror as she could see the ghosts' shadows cast on the ground. They were right behind her tree. Her brown eyes widened with fear and she tucked her dirty yellow and green dress close to her body in fear the wind would blow it so they would see. "This is where the footprints stop," a slightly familiar voice said. "Do you think the tree swallowed her then?" another asked. Oblila could not help herself. She began to cry again. "What's that noise? It sounds like a child crying." "Oblila!" the first voice called. "Oblila, it's me, your Uncle Merry!" "Uncle Merry?" she whispered. Were the spirits tricking her? Oblila looked around the tree to find three adult hobbits. The hobbits saw her and she was soon lifted up into strong arms. "What are you doing, going out here alone and scaring your mama like that?" Merry chastised gently. Oblila looked down and saw that she was a mess and shivering with relief. She began to cry for no reason at all. Merry hugged her warmly and they set off back towards the Hedge. "Mr. Proudfoot, Oblila's gone missing, have you seen her?" Willy asked. He was doing his father's bidding by going to the neighbors who knew Oblila and might have seen her, or saw her right before her disappearance. There was a chance Doddy could have been mistaken, and it was better for several hobbits to be on the look out for the young hobbit lass. Mr. Proudfoot frowned at Will. "No, I haven't seen her. Where has she gone to now? She's a strange hobbit indeed if she went running off again." Will thanked him for his time and moved on. Oblila was a strange hobbit; there was no doubt about it. He sighed wearily and moved on to the next wooden door. "Will!" a voice called him from down the corridor. "Will, you won't believe it! Your father found Oblila in the Old Forest, and now they are coming up to the house." Will raced around the familiar corridors of the Brandy Hall towards the back way which faced the Old Forest. A crowd of curious hobbits started to gather around the entry way, watching the group of hobbits walking at a moderate pace. Willy saw the bundle in his father's arms stir, and he leaped up and cheered for the rescue squad of his friend Oblila. She was safe, and she was home, and all was right was right in the Shire again. But Willy could not help wonder about the strangeness of Oblila, and also the disappointment that he felt that she had the adventure and he did not. Was he never to experience a journey like his father? Were the disappearance and recovery of one small hobbit child as exciting as life here was to become? Willy swiftly put his wondering heart to rest as he greeted Merry, Oblila and the searching crew, and knew that this life, including the lack of danger and adventure, was as good as he wanted it to be.