gone. Silence vanquished his war. oOoOoOoOoOo Legolas' eyes came to focus as he lifted his head from the bed. He had not meant to sleep, but somehow he had. The athelas had had a calming effect, and had managed to lull him into a drowse. He reached a hand down to his father, who was resting peacefully, brushing his fingertips over the elf's cheek. "How do you fare, Legolas?" Calonin asked as he approached the bed. "I am well," Legolas answered the healer. And then he added, "The fever has broken." He rested the back of his hand on Thranduil's brow. "The worst seems to be passed," the healer said as he began work on the dressing that protected Thranduil's wound. "He is healing well." Legolas nodded, pleased to hear what he already had affirmed in his mind. "It was a difficult night," he said, recalling his father's cries and writhing torment. He had spent the better part of it trying to sooth the elf king, to placate his frenzied panic after the nightmare of the battle. Tough decisions had been forced upon him, and for the better part he had been unsure, for he saw signs that things were turning a darker way. Until his waking, he had been uncertain if Thranduil was falling to the same fate his father had succumbed. But the demon had never appeared. Thranduil had never cried out for his death and Legolas attributed that much to the strength of the elf. According to Calonin, the curse of the Black Breath had been responsible for much of what his father had endured, for the injury had not been fatal. But that did not mean Thranduil could not succumb to the doom of fading. If his father had thought himself beyond hope, the wound could have killed him whether it was tainted or not. Fortunately that had never happened, and despite the nightmares his father fought through, he had struggled in favor of life. "Legolas?" the healer called. He lifted a long knife lying at Thranduil's side. "How did this get here?" "What is it?" the elf asked, uncertain what it was the healer held. "It is Thranduil's knife, I think. How did it get here?" Calonin asked, his brow perplexed. "I do not know," Legolas answered, thrown uncertain by the appearance of a weapon that had not been present when last he was aware. He then added, "I have never seen that knife in my life. Are you sure it is my father's?" "I know it," Calonin admitted, turning the knife over in his hands, "but I have not seen it for many a long year." "What do you mean?" asked Legolas, confused. He knew his father's weapons. "Where do you know it from?" He reached for the weapon and ran his fingers over the inlay on the handle. "He carried it with him into the battle before the gates of Mordor," Calonin replied. "You mean in the engagement where Oropher fell?" Legolas asked, truly mystified now. Was this the knife that his father had used to do that horrible deed? "It was lost to him shortly after the siege," the older elf nodded. "When he granted his mercy upon my grandfather," Legolas murmured, not truly asking. He knew the healer perceived his meaning. "Aye," the healer said, bowing his head in remembrance of that sorrowful event. "But how did it get here? That is what I wish to know, for it was lost to him shortly after. None could find it. I remember because he wished it to be buried with Oropher." "Perhaps one of the warriors brought it in while we slept," Legolas offered. "I know many have fought with my father since those days, and though I would never think any would steal, it may have been recovered here, on the grounds of the old palace." But the healer shook his head. "This weapon is not tarnished. It has been well-tended. Further, I stood at the door all night should you have needed me. None came into this room after the athelas was steeped." Legolas was confounded. He had no idea where the knife had come from. But he realized he could not be distracted by such mysteries. He shrugged, placing the knife upon the table near his father's bed as he said, "I imagine he will be pleased to learn it has been returned to him. Let us leave it at that." The healer nodded, and that said everything in Legolas' mind. His father was better. He would recover. And that was all that mattered. He squeezed Thranduil's hand in a further sign of encouragement. And then he turned back to Calonin. "I must see to my men," he said, excusing himself so the healer might attend to his duties. The warriors around the camp had waited the night to learn what they might, and now that the horror was past, he felt comfortable reporting the news to them that their king would live. He entered the darkened hall outside the healing room and walked the corridor toward the yard. As he pushed the door open, morning light blinded him briefly. Squinting into the glare, a movement in the shadows caught his eye. He turned, and for a fragment of a moment he saw a figure there. It was an elf, tall, lean, fair of face and color. It struck Legolas that the elf seemed familiar to him. And then he blinked and the elf was gone. Legolas frowned, uncertain if a figment of his mind had tried to fool him. But he let it go, just as he let the knife go. Evil touched too much of his world to let the whims of burdened thoughts rule him. There was life to live after all, and for all the darkness, that gave him -- his father -- all the elves -- hope. That was what had import on this day. He took a step into the light. THE END