the sea, those orbs make me feel I am gazing at the stars through the leaves of the trees of a very old forest that shares one of its secrets with me every day. "I want to thank you once more for the kindness you have shown me, King Elessar. You have made my stay very pleasurable. I wish I could have stayed a little longer, but I must head for the harbor as soon as I can. The ship waiting for me will not wait forever," she says. Her calling me King Elessar tells me that she is finally distancing herself from me. Not because she wants to, it is need that drives her. I have shown her she has missed her on and only opportunity to be by my side. "I am pleased to hear you enjoyed your stay, Lady Arwen. I hope you shall have a safe journey to Valinor. You have earned it after all your years here," I say. It probably isn't the right thing to say, yet I cannot think of anything more appropriate. You're gonna catch a cold From the ice inside your soul. Don't come back for me. Don't come back at all. Arwen takes no offence to my words, which I am grateful for. I am too tense, too wound up to deal with even the slightest attempt of hers to pick a fight. The long days have made my patience wear thin, as have her continued attempts at pulling Legolas and me apart. "I hope that the journey shall be an uneventful one as well," she says. The sounds of hooves makes me turn towards the east. One of the men who work in the stables on the level below this one is leading a magnificent horse towards us. I realize straight away that this is Arwen's own horse. The black fur is almost as pristine as Shadowfax's, but on his nose there is one single white spot. Arwen approaches the horse, thanking the man with a nod of her head. She touched the animal gently, making it press its nose into her neck. Caressing the horse, she slips the belongings she is holding into the saddlebacks. She normally rides without a saddle, she is only using it for this purpose. "I do hope you will carry with you fond memories of your time spent in Middle Earth," I say as she slips onto the horses back. She looks at me, an unreadable expression on her face. She then looks at Legolas and smiles softly. "I most certainly will," she tells us. She stares at the sky. The moon is by now completely out. Midnight is merely two hours away. Despite the fact Elves do not grow tired easily, her horse will tire before the night ends. I know what will come next. "I ought to leave. I should make it to a safe place to rest before Aglardûr tires," she eventually says. I nod my head. There is no need for words. This is our final meeting, as it was destined to be since the moment we first laid eyes on each other. She inclines her head in our direction and turns towards the gates that will lead her down to the next level. The darkness is becoming deeper with every second that passes. Clouds are gathering in front of the moon and only a few of the most persistent beams are managing to break through. Not even her pale complexion and the light dress can make her stand out for logs. She quickly becomes a shadow. Finally I see Arwen disappear from view completely. The moonlight ceases to reflect off of the gems braided into her hair. "Come," Legolas says. "let us head to our chambers. It is getting late. We ought to rest. There will be much to day when Arien rises anew." He is of course right. So I have no choice but to allow him to lead me towards our room. Who do you think you are? Who do you think you are? Who do you think you are? Sighing, I slip underneath the covers. I am alone with my lover at last. After the trying day we have just had, I do not thing this is luxury at all. We have earned some peace and quiet. I smile and open my arms. Legolas does not hesitate to move into them, his eyes finally twinkling again. It warms my heart to see him happy, at ease and utterly free of the worries that have plagued him throughout the day. I bring my lips so close to his that our breaths tickle the other's lips. Legolas' hand comes to rest against my cheek. I close my eyes, allowing the powerful emotions to surge through me at full speed. "I love you," I whisper before claiming his lips in a gently kiss. I have told him this more times than anyone could ever count in the last year, yet I will never grow tired of saying it. Those three simple words hold so much meaning, I believed for so long that I would never be able to speak them again that they have a completely new meaning now. "I know you do. I love you, too," Legolas responds softly. Yes, my road has been long, winding and dark. I fell in holes I believed to be too deep to ever climb out of. But somewhere along that road, in one of those pits or around one of the corners, I found someone to show me that as long as you don't walk a road alone, you will reach the end of it. Legolas taught me that love is everywhere, for everyone. As long as you don't refuse to see it. "I'm glad you do. I wouldn't know what to do without you," I tell him. After that, we do no longer speak. Instead, we hold one another and allow ourselves to slip into the land of dreams.