stopped because he was now watching a battle of Uruk-hai vs. Man, with the addition of a familiar Dwarf. "This place is not safe for little Hobbits." Said the figure that was now behind Sam, its hood now removed. "You may need this, but stay away from the battle if possible." He said as he gave Sam a sword, and started running toward the battle. The battle was now 200 Uruk-hai vs. 150 humans, plus one Elf and one Dwarf. "Legolas and Gimli." Sam said with great joy and astonishment in his voice. "What are they doing here? They should be in Gondor." Sam said as he watched the battle with great confusion. Now many Uruk-hai and humans had fallen, and the humans seemed to be the greater number now. "Hey Legolas! 16 already!" Gimli yelled over the battlefield as he took down 3 more Uruk-hai. "27!" Legolas replied as he shot down another 5. "What? You are not going to beat me again, Pointy-ears!" Gimli quickly shot back. Legolas smiled, as he had to draw his sword deflect the 7 Uruk-hai that had come too close. Nevertheless, he was too late for the last Uruk-hai. Legolas knew his mistake, even before the Uruk attack struck him on the chest, and he dropped to his knees as the blade finished its sweep across his chest, almost deep enough to kill him immediately. "Legolas!" Sam yelled as Legolas fell to the ground on his back. Now Sam took the sword Legolas had given him, and ran to his friend's side, as the Uruk-hai began to flee. "You had better keep running!" Gimli yelled to the rest of the Uruk-hai as they fled. Gimli ran over to Legolas, then he realized all the humans were dead. "Gimli, what were you all doing here?" Sam asked from Legolas' side. "We set out to rid the land of Sauron's filth, with 500 strong men, only 150 when we returned to the Shire, we'd already gone four and a half years past the Shire. We are now trying to return to Gondor." Gimli said coming up to Legolas' other side. "I'm afraid, my pointy-eared friend, you have gotten a small scratch..." Gimli Said to Legolas. "A small scratch?" Sam asked. "I think we should get him some help." Sam said. "Good idea lad." Gimli said in agreement. "I'm alright." Legolas disagreed. "Well you've got no say in the matter." Sam pointed out. "Aye, he's right." Gimli agreed. "When do you think he'll be back, Merry?" Pippin asked. "I don't know, Pippin." Merry replied. The door swung open. Sam and Gimli walked in carrying Legolas between them. "What happened?!" Merry asked with great worry. "Their staying here for tonight, maybe a while longer if needed." Sam said. Merry and Pippin both looked at each other. "Is Legolas going to be all right? Should I get a doctor?" Merry asked with concern as they took Legolas to the guest room, and put him on the bed. "Pippin can get the doctor." Sam said. "Alright, I'm going." Pippin said as he left. "How did this happen? Didn't you call for aid?" Merry asked with concern. "We lost contact six months after we left." Gimli replied. "Is everyone alright?" Merry asked quickly. "We think they are all fine, we've tried to find out what happen to our scout, since we lost contact with him." Gimli replied. "Legolas, has been depressed, more so when we lost contact with Gondor." Gimli said quietly. "Do you know anything about the royal family?" Gimli asked. Neither Sam or Merry knew anything, Gimli was lost in thought until Sam spoke again. "You're obviously tired, you need rest." Sam declared. "Yes." Gimli agreed. "Some rest does sound good, lad. But, not until the doctor sees Legolas." Gimli said firmly. "Alright, your room is down there." Sam said gesturing to the other guest room. "The bed is already set. Make yourself at home, after the doctor gets here, and sees, Legolas." Then Sam left, to fix some food for his guests to eat. Gimli wasted no time getting to the kitchen, while Legolas rested. However, Legolas could not stop thinking about how Marlina and her family were feeling. Legolas closed his eyes and just lay there, Sam then came in with some food. "The doctor's on his way." Sam said. "I thought you'd be hungry." Sam said as he set the food on the side table. "Thank you, Sam." Legolas said. He thought of Marlina, finished his food, closed his eyes, and went to sleep. Note From TheSeaChelle. I would like to dedicate this story to J.R.R. Tolkien and all those who were close to him and helped him write his trilogy. The idea for the "Aftermath of the Ring" was and is inspired by "The Lord of the Rings" trilogy by J.R.R. Tolkien, and "The Lord of the Rings" movie trilogy, directed by Peter Jackson. When I was inspired to write the "Aftermath", I was only 16, but I did not want to sit around and wait for someone else to accomplish my dream. The idea for the "Aftermath", started when I would dream about what would or could happen after the Ring was destroyed along with the Dark Lord Sauron. I dreamed that Legolas and Gimli stayed with Aragorn, to help rid Middle Earth of what was left of Sauron's filth, which was still scattered across the land, the last survivors of Mordor and Sauron's evil. This story also has new characters, such as Marlina, "Heir to Gondor", and her three younger brothers, Marlos, and the twins, Marlis, Marlus, plus the two Elven sisters, Lantice and Lantyce. The trilogy also has an unforeseen twist that some will, but most will not expect. I do hope you enjoy this story, I also hope to hear that those who were close to J.R.R. Tolkien, will enjoy this story as well. And hopefully Peter Jackson and the cast of the movie trilogy will also enjoy it. ~TheSeaChelle