your linens?" Frodo shrugged noncommittally. "This is fine," he eventually replied. "Then let's get you settled. Would you like any water before you lie back down?" "All right," he said. While Eowyn allowed him to take the cup from her, she kept on hand close to ensure he would not accidentally spill it down himself since it can be difficult to drink when in a semi-reclined position. But he managed just fine, and drank the entire contents before letting Eowyn have the cup back. Frodo sat back up so Eowyn could move, then curled up on his side after she stood to return the cup to the table. Frodo felt her pull a quilt up over him, and he sank into slumber. Frodo woke periodically throughout the night and into the following day. Whoever was tending him would wipe him down and give him water, broth, or juice until he felt comfortable enough to sleep again. But Frodo found that, while the attentions of the other hobbits were nice, they just couldn't sponge him down nearly as nicely as Eowyn. Merry wasn't quite thorough enough, Pippin touched him so lightly with the cloth that it tickled more than anything else, and Sam was a touch too efficient, for he was finished before Frodo could truly enjoy the coolness on his skin. When Frodo awoke in the late afternoon, he wasn't feeling nearly so tired, and he might've actually been a bit hungry. He was still sweating a bit, but it didn't feel nearly so uncomfortable as it had before. Eowyn was pleased when he told her such, but warned him against becoming too optimistic, as fevers can wax and wane during illness. Frodo understood her reasoning, but privately suspected he would only improve from this point forward. As if to prove himself, Frodo ate a hearty dinner which, while not holding a candle to what Merry or Pippin could consume at one meal, was far better than the broths and soups he'd barely managed earlier. He did end up retiring early, but after all, he was still recuperating. He slept soundly that night, rousing only once, when Eowyn touched his face and neck to check his temperature. She shushed him when he tried to ask the time, and he quickly returned to his dreaming. When he woke for the morning, it was time for second breakfast. Merry and Pippin had already begged food from the kitchens and were setting it out on the table across the room, while Sam was straightening the side of the bed that Frodo wasn't occupying. Without really thinking, Frodo sat up, rubbed some water over his face, and went to join his cousins at the table. Merry raised an eyebrow. "Feeling better, I take it?" "I'd feel better if he'd put some clothes on," Pippin piped in. It was then that Frodo realized he still only had his linens on. He flushed, and was eternally grateful to Sam for appearing at his side, holding out a dressing robe. He quickly donned the robe and said wryly, "I am feeling better, but it would seem my memory is still ailing." His cousins laughed, then they all set to eating breakfast, for if there is anything hobbits take seriously, it is mealtime. When they were nearly finished, Eowyn paid a visit. "Frodo, I can see that you are feeling better, so I will not ask. I suppose I should have known better than to expect to find you still in bed!" she laughed, and crossed the room to stand next to him and survey the damage that hobbits can wreak on food. "But you should go easy today, Frodo. Your party will be leaving in a few days' time, and it would be wise to save your strength for the journey. A relapse in the Wild would do you no good." Frodo nodded thoughtfully. He'd wondered in the back of his mind when they would be leaving, not because he wasn't enjoying the hospitality of Eowyn and her people, but because he so longed to see Bilbo again, to see what his cousin would think of Frodo's adventure . . . most of all, he wanted to be within a reasonable journey of home, to know that it would not be long before he would see the Shire again and bask in the familiar landscapes once more. Funny how the meaning of a "reasonable journey" changes once you've crossed a large part of Middle-Earth on only your own two feet! The intervening days passed too quickly, and all too soon Frodo had to say farewell to those who would be staying at Edoras. Finding himself at a loss for words, he avoided Eowyn until the last possible moment, hoping something eloquent and fitting would pop into his head. No such luck. It was time to leave, Eowyn had spotted him from across the hall, and was quickly coming toward him. Eowyn crouched down to face him and smiled. "Safe journey and happy homecoming to you, Frodo," she said. "Thank you for your care and generosity towards me," Frodo answered, then threw his arms around her in an impromptu hug. "Thank you for everything," he said again, and added, "I wish you and Faramir a long and happy marriage." Eowyn laughed and hugged him back. "He and I thank you," she replied. "Fare well, Frodo." He pulled away and waved shyly before hurrying to catch up to the other hobbits on their way out to collect their ponies. Eowyn watched him go with fondness, hopeful that he would remain well for the journey. As he left, Frodo felt a tinge of regret, but let even that go; there was nothing more he could do now. He would just have to trust that Eowyn understood his appreciation for her care. Now all that lay before him was a long journey, and Bilbo waiting at the end of it . . . he was looking forward to seeing Bilbo already.