with the point as I return the blade to its position guarding my body, before raising it to parry an imaginary enemy. But the percussive sound of metal on metal is all too real. I am drawn from my trance like state to find Aragorn's dagger blocking the movement of my blade, his grey eyes fixed intently on mine. In the dream we are not in the public space of the Golden Hall, surrounded by others gathering their weapons and preparing their armour. We are sparring in private, in my chamber. And Aragorn does not drop his blade after our eyes have met. Instead he keeps it in place, then forces me onto the back foot. With another wordless song of steel, the blades slide past one another until the hilts lock together, our knuckles grazing against one another. I take another step backwards. Aragorn is taller and stronger, and forces me to retreat until my back is against the wall. All the time, his eyes never leave mine. They are intent, unblinking, yet strangely without emotion. I breathe heavily, as though the fight has been a vigorous one, but I know that it is his proximity that makes my breath labour. He brings his other hand up to mine, and closes it round my sword hand. He lets the dagger fall to the flag stones, then uses his right hand to uncurl my fingers from round the hilt. With a sound like a clanging cymbal, my blade falls to the stone floor. He laces his fingers through mine and presses my hands to the wall at either side of us. Still his gaze holds mine. He releases my left hand, and his fingers ghost over the surface of my dress, moving upwards to my face. They trace slowly over my cheek, then along the line of my jaw. I can feel the callouses from years of battle and hardship. His fingertips trail down the side of my neck, along my shoulder, then back along my collar bone. It is strange, but in this dream I feel no desire. There is a stark contrast to my earlier dreams of passion, which somehow linger as memories in the background. Even within the dream, this contrast puzzles me. I am oddly detached from my body. My mind seems to float free from emotion, somewhere above the scene, a dispassionate observer even as his fingers reach the laces on my bodice and start to unlace it. This dream has nothing of the heat and desire of those earlier ones. Yet its very coldness seems somehow more sinful, more sordid than any of the naked wanton ecstasy of those earlier products of my fevered subconscious. His hand caresses my skin along the top of my loosened bodice, then eases the fabric down to release my breast, fingers teasing my nipple till it hardens. But even as I gasp with the sensation, his features start to dissolve, like molten wax, or like smoke and flames dancing in a fire. They melt, then reform, and I am staring into the narrow, slit-like eyes of Grima Wormtongue. His hot, fetid breath wafts across my face, strands of his greasy hair stick to my cheek, his sweating, filthy hands are everywhere, running across my body. I push at his chest, but worm that he is, he is still too strong. I cannot force him away. Bile rises in my throat and I retch uncontrollably. And suddenly I am in the middle of Pelennor Fields. But I am not wearing my armour. I am wearing the same dress, laces undone, bodice slipping from my shoulders. I stand my ground, weapon raised, all the time aware of the skirts restricting my movement. The Witch King stands tall on a slight rise in the ground. His black robes flutter around his form, the hood cast forward, no sign of a face within. His dead steed lies crumpled behind him, leathery wings battered and torn. My hair blows in the wind, strands whipping across my face. As I hold my sword, it shakes in my hand. My concentration is broken by the realisation that my breasts are still exposed. I try to pull my bodice back into place, but as soon as I let go to draw my sword, my sleeves slide back round my biceps, impeding my arm movements. The Wraith swings his morning star, bringing it crashing down towards me. I try to move, but the heavy folds of fabric encumbering my legs get in the way. I throw up my left arm to deflect the blow, but in the dream I have no shield. My arm is smashed beneath the weight of the iron ball and its viscious points, blood spurting bright and crimson from its shattered form. In a last desperate effort, as I feel my life blood ebb from my veins, I jab the sword towards the black void where the wraith's head should be. As my sword point makes contact, the black hood falls back, the dark mists obscuring the face evaporate, and the features of the creature I have killed become visible. A straight nose, a well defined jaw, covered in a short beard, blue-grey eyes, dark hair curling to touch his collar. It takes me moments to make sense of what I am seeing, then I realise that I have driven my sword into Aragorn's throat. Cover Art: Alix van Zijl on Aramis, jousting in the tiltyard at the Royal Armouries Museum, Leeds, August Bank Holiday weekend, 2013. She was placed second in this round of the competition. Her armour is a copy of Milanese armour, circa 1470. Image used with Alix's kind permission. I notice that Thanwen, one of my favourite authors, is also writing a fic about this! I can't wait to read it, but sadly will have to hold off till this one is finished, as I want to write my own version of this, without subconsciously borrowing from anyone else.