bell would be ringing soon so he started tracking but he knew the elves were light foots so it will be hard but he wasn' t going to give up. Soon luck was on his side for he heard elves talking and he inched closer to see his brothers talking he didn't catch the entire conversation but he figured it might have to do with the problems outside of the Hidden Valley that his foster father tried to protect him from. All of the sudden the twins stopped and Estel stopped for his heart was racing he hoped that his brothers haven't found his hiding spot. "I think we have company brother." Elladan smirked and motioned to the spot where their little brother was hiding. "I think it's our little brother Estel." Elrohir had snuck up behind him and Estel jumped when his brother touched his shoulder. "You startled me." Estel tried to calm his heart as his brothers smiled and tried not to laugh. "You have a long way to go little brother." Elladan helped him up and they both wondered why he had came out to the Northern Border. "Why are you here Estel?" Elrohir asked which he just smiled but before he could answer he saw Glorfindel nearby and motioned to them that he wanted to scare him. The twins smirked and went to distract their commander while Estel got into position and soon when they had got the commander near the river he jumped out which Glorfindel being a warrior caught Estel and they both ended up in the river. "Estel why are you out here?" He asked for this wasn't a place to be for someone who hasn't started their training of the wild yet. "I came to see you and I got you Glorfindel." He laughed as the commander smiled for he was glad the lad was safe. "Yes you did and so did your brothers for which I will double their patrol schedule." Elladan and Elrohir both took off which Estel just laughed. "I better get you back to Lord Elrond." Glorfindel and Estel soon were on their way back which they were greeted by Lindir who laughed when he saw both of them soaked. "I see Estel had found you Glorfindel and you Estel better go change for Lord Elrond will want to see you in the great hall for dinner." Glorfindel glared at the elf before changing himself he would make sure Estel's first wild lesson won't be something he will ever forget and he had already had a plan to get revenge on the twins. He should of had known that Estel would bring out their elfling side again. Estel smirked for soon he will hear his brothers yell his name for as soon as he entered his room he heard "Estel!" Estel turned to see his brothers standing in the door way both with different hair colors which he laughed so hard and the twins smirked. "You are going to pay for this prank little brother." Legolas than came to see what the commotion was about and he lost it than turned to Estel "Well done little one I always wanted to do that to them but never had the courage." "Oh is that so I guess we should get Legolas what do you say Elladan?" Elrohir had a look of mischief on his face and his twin nodded. Legolas's eyebrow rose and he took off laughing with the twins following him but Estel had a surprise for the elf prince of Mirkwood and it was waiting for him in the great hall. Soon the dinner bell rang and everyone was gathered in the great hall which Elrond and the others laughed at the sight of the twins which Estel smirked. Legolas sat down next to his father and light topics came up as they started eating. Soon he took a sip of his drink and he started feeling drowsy. Estel had put a sleeping draught in his drink and as soon as the prince passed out the twins lost it. Elrond gave him his famous glare "Estel you were in my healing supplies again." Estel knew he wasn't allowed to mess with the healing supplies but he had a moment of inspiration "I'm sorry." Elrond nodded for he would have to come up with a punishment later "How strong of a dosage?" "Just a little bit ada he will wake up soon." Estel smiled. Thranduil just grinned for he knew his son had been exhausted from the long patrols in Mirkwood and needed rest. In other words the little human gave his friend the one thing his son needed and it was sleep. Glorfindel and Elladan moved Legolas to the study where everyone gathered once the meal was over. It was than the prince woke up and he was given the rest of his meal. Estel laughed at Legolas's expression in which the prince replied "You will have to watch your back little one for next time the twins and I will team up and prank you." Estel looked forward to it for he had missed his friend when he always left to return to Mirkwood. "I'll be on my guard than especially from my brothers." He smirked. Lord Elrond and the others presented Estel with gifts and he felt lucky to have friends and family that cared for him. Even though he missed his mother deep down he knew that she was proud of who he was becoming. The rest of the night passed with the tales of the past ages until Estel finally drifted off to sleep in which the twins took him back to his room. This day no one will forget and they knew one day Estel will leave and go on his path to his destiny he will always have the bonds of the Elven Family who came to love him, For they see him as a light of hope in the darkness.