her was the beginning of that. Changing it was the next step. Taking steps in one direction or the other was what her life has consisted of for the last thousand years, she knew she could do it. She only hoped that it wouldn't be as it had been so far, being able to take one step forward only to be forced to take two steps back. "Amin hiraetha, hîr nin. I should not have neglected my needs. You taught me better than that," she said. And it was the truth. Eru had taught all of them that they could not help others if they did not help themselves first. He had taught them that they needed to keep up their own strength to be able to help others regain theirs. Not that they often meddled in the affairs of the firstborn or the second born, just often enough. Or at least that is what Eru would say when he sent one of them out to meddle. "Indeed you should not have done that. But the past cannot be reversed, no matter how much we wish to do so. Which is why we are not here to discuss what has already happened, but what has yet to happen," he said. They were here to discuss the future? Did that mean that Eru wanted her to stop spending a week in seclusion at the side of the lake every year? How odd that he should call her here to tell her that. "Would I be allowed to ask what you mean by that, my Lord?" she asked, doing everything she could to sound more in control than she felt. Her heart was pounding; her throat was dry. For a moment Eru did not speak. Instead, he gazed at her intently; those gray orbs were fixed on her with such intensity that a tingling sensation coursed through her. She too kept silent, allowing Ilúvatar to search for whatever it was he needed to find. There was no point in disturbing him, and she did not want to disrespect him in any way. "I shall answer that question, as the answer is rather simple; I do not wish to see you put yourself through such an ordeal again next year. I had hoped you would finally come to your senses and end your dalliance with the darkness, but you did not. Therefore, I shall now break the bond between the two of you," he said. Nienna's head reeled. Since when did she have a bond with the darkness? With sadness, yes, but with the darkness? Her need to be alone drove her to the lake where there was only starlight, yet that did not seem to be what her father was referring to. Asking him about it would not help her any further, though; it was obvious from his tone of voice that he would not answer her question. "And how would you see that done, hîr nin?" she inquired, hoping that this was a question he would answer. "I will send you on a quest to find the answers you need, daughter-mine. For no one else can find them for you," came the reply. This was something else she had not been expecting. During all of the long years of her life he had been her instructor, aided by the other Ainur. And now he was telling her that he could not give her the answers she needed. And to which questions? Surely she would know if she had any, wouldn't she? She shook her head for the second time since entering Eru's private chambers. He would do as he saw fit and bothering him would be of no use. She had learned that lesson long ago already. Focusing on Eru again she realized that he was waiting for her to speak. "When will I be leaving?" she asked, instinctively knowing he was talking about a journey in the true sense of the word, physically as well as mentally. "You will be leaving as soon as you have said your goodbyes. There is no knowing when you will return, after all," he spoke calmly. Had she had the energy, she would have snorted at that last sentence. As it was, she let it pass her by. There were more important matters to be dealt with than being annoyed with Eru. She needed to say a few things to her brother before leaving. She walked towards them, still a little out of balance. Their hands were hanging uselessly by their sides, but that changed as soon as she was close enough; she was pulled into a hug by the both of them at the same time. Their hold on her was tighter than it usually was, but she did not complain about it. "Promise me you will look after each other," she whisperingly pleaded, her head buried between them so they would both hear her. "We will," they said simultaneously, making her smile. She let go of them, knowing that she should be going. And she did not like long goodbyes; they hurt too much, and she had suffered enough for multiple lifetimes as it was. She did not want to add to her own burden, or her brothers. They would miss her as much as she would miss them. There was no need to say anything else. They had given her what she needed and she hoped she had been able to give them what they needed. It would be all they had until she returned. "I am ready," she told Eru, who had watched the exchange between the siblings with rapt attention. Ilúvatar smiled at her warmly. He gestured for her to come closer, which she did without complaining. "Close your eyes, child of mine. When you open them, you will be at the beginning of your road," he said. She obediently closed her eyes. As soon as she did, she felt herself fall into the darkness that was suddenly everywhere.