please," he instructed, and Frodo automatically moved to obey. A moment later, he realized his mistake as a wave of frigid agony swept over him. He would have hunched over in pain had Strider not been holding him upright for the bandaging, so he had to simply bite his lip to keep from whimpering. Even so, all his effort barely moved his left arm; he could have wept in frustration and annoyance. The ever-watchful Sam realized his master's predicament and carefully held the arm out of Strider's way. By the time the Man finished his ministrations, Frodo had broken out into a cold sweat and was shivering in the autumn air. Merry helped him get his coat back on -which was a little snug, as usually one's wings were outside, not inside- then Pippin helped with Frodo's cloak, Sam draped a blanket atop that, and Strider carried the Frodo-bundle back to the fireside. As Frodo tried to warm up, Sam gathered a bit of breakfast while the others packed up to leave. The accommodation for Frodo's injury resulted in much shuffling and rearranging that he watched with guilt as he only nibbled on what Sam gave him. Strider hoisted him onto Bill and they packed some baggage behind him for him to rest against, a measure Frodo was grateful for, even as he resented his foolishness that made it necessary. The small group started out toward Rivendell, grateful to be gone from the dell, but mindful of how very far they still had to go, pursued and with Frodo injured, besides. Would he make it? Even Strider could not say, and the worry would weigh heavily on their minds in the long, gloomy days to come. "Very good, Frodo. Now bring them together," Elrond instructed. Frodo was sitting on a bench in one of Rivendell's gardens, Bilbo at his side, and Sam, Merry, and Pippin wandering around nearby, as Elrond coaxed him into moving his wings here, there, and everywhere (Elrond was in front of the bench, of course, so he would not be in the way). It was his first outing into the gardens, his first real outing since the Council, and Elrond deemed it time to fully evaluate the condition of his newly-healed wing. Thus, they were outdoors, for all the flapping about would make such a mess indoors. The elf lord nodded in satisfaction. "Would you like to see if it will bear your weight?" he invited, gesturing to the clearing behind him. This spot in the gardens had been carefully chosen for the purpose, with enough space for Frodo to adequately maneuver, but far enough from the house that he could exercise privately. Frodo rose and shakily stepped forward, suddenly nervous. He glanced behind him; Sam, Merry, and Pippin had taken up posts around the bench, watching him, and Elrond similarly stepped back to give him room. Once far enough from shrub and tree alike, he took a deep breath, closed his eyes, and let all thoughts drain from his mind. He'd always been fond of sudden takeoffs, being on the ground one second and mid-air the next, but such would not agree with his recent injury. So, slowly, carefully, he began to move his wings, gently building up speed and the strength of each stroke, glorying in the feel of it after so long an absence. He was nearly to the point where a single, solid push would lift him into the sky when he felt his shoulder begin to tense, the pulling of the muscles in back being countered by the complaint of those in front. He faltered, but pushed on -of course it was going to be uncomfortable the first time!- adjusting the motions to compensate for the pain. But the pain only intensified, until each stroke of wing seemed to drive the blade into his shoulder anew. He clutched his shoulder, grateful his back was to his audience so they could not see his agony, and let his wings come to a fluttering halt. He hung his head and just stood there, kneading his shoulder. It seemed to take the others a moment to realize he would not try again; then he was surrounded by anxious questions from the three younger hobbits. He answered none of them, but turned to head toward the bench. But he stumbled -now that he was aware of more than just his attempt at flight, he realized how much energy he'd expended in the effort- and was steadied by a large hand on his back. Elrond said only, "Your shoulder pains you," as he steered the hobbit toward the bench. Frodo sagged onto the sturdy stone while Elrond crouched before him and gently touched the afflicted area. "It may need to heal further before flight is possible," he soothed as his touch melted away some of the pain. "But it is healed!" Frodo objected. "All that's left is a scar." "Underneath the skin tissues knit together at different rates," Elrond countered. "What is mended at one level may still be rent at another." Frodo digested this thoughtfully, but some unease remained. "Will I ever fly again?" "I do not know," Elrond admitted gravely. "But I do not advise that you try again until after your errand is completed." Frodo nodded. At length, he said, "It's just as well, I suppose. I could not go flying into Mordor, at any rate." Merry and Pippin were greatly amused by this idea and jested about flying to Mordor and being done with the whole business in an afternoon. Elrond soon took his leave, allowing the hobbits to enjoy each others' company in private, but Frodo remained contemplative. No matter what Elrond said, he suspected he'd never be capable of flight again . . . and if a simple moment of foolishness took that from him, what might happen to him in the Dark Lord's own land? Lose his life, his very being? He wasn't sure he wanted to find out.