catch her lower lip in her teeth and glance at him from beneath half-lowered lids, and he would realise that he now desperately needed to spin the end-game out for at least another couple of candle marks, not only because the sight of her offering such a blatant challenge was intoxicating, but also because he realised that right at that moment he could not rise from the table without disgracing himself. After the game, there was nothing for it but to retreat to his chambers and have a cold bath. Another cold bath. He was having a great many cold baths. Eventually, he decided that he would run mad if he allowed himself to continue spinning round hopelessly. The best course was to assume that the conversation had fulfilled the entirely practical goal of setting Éowyn's worries at rest, assume that the flirting had been one-sided, feel grateful that Éothain had intervened before he pressed his bride-to-be into any actions she would feel compromised by, then forget the whole thing. By the end of the week he had just about convinced himself. He and Éowyn went for a ride. For once, Eothain was not in attendance. Elfhelm, his wife Hilde and their daughters, and a small group of riders came with them. And Elfhelm seemed to be content to allow them a rather looser rein than Eothain had been prepared to countenance. (Faramir suspected Hilde might have had something to do with this: he could have sworn he heard her say "Let them be, love. Young couples need to talk, and he is an honourable man.") Faramir was doing his best to live up to this estimation of his character when Eowyn reined in her horse and turned to face him. "Do you remember our conversation of last week?" Her eyes sparkled, and her cheeks had become slightly flushed. Faramir felt as though he had been struck dumb. He nodded, not trusting himself to talk without his voice coming out in a most unmanly squeak. "I have been thinking about it. Thinking about it a great deal." Éowyn's lips curved into an enigmatic smile. "You mentioned touching – with fingers, and lips, and tongue. And it has occurred to me that I could not get with child from that." Faramir looked at her, eyes wide with surprise. Eventually he managed to speak, in a kind of half gasp. "No, I suppose you would not." Éowyn nodded and fell silent for a moment. Faramir waited, stomach twisting with a kind of tortured anticipation, to see where she was going with this line of thought. He had a feeling he knew what she was going to say. He also had a feeling he would like whatever it was. But at the same time, he had a nagging feeling his conscience would tell him he ought not to like it. "You know, Éomer and I were rather naughty as children. Quite often I would get sent to my room. I became quite adept at climbing out of the window. The wooden frame stands proud of the daub and it is quite easy to gain purchase for one's fingers and toes." Faramir swallowed. Was she really suggesting what he thought she was suggesting? "Last night's feast and excitement has really quite tired me out. I think perhaps this afternoon I shall retire to my chambers to rest. And it is like to be a hot afternoon, I think. I shall have to leave the window open." She looked at Faramir, her eyes twinkling. Faramir couldn't help the note of astonishment in his voice as he managed to frame a reply. "Am I right in thinking that is an invitation?" Even though he'd guessed where her thoughts were going, he still couldn't quite believe it. Éowyn fixed him with the steely stare he knew from the sparring ring. Her voice was an odd mixture of affection and irritation. "Of course it's an invitation, you daft nit." ~o~O~o~ Later that afternoon... "Nienna's mercy, I never thought you'd be so loud..." After being lost in sheer sensation for so long, Faramir blurted out the first thought that came into his mind. He could have kicked himself. Éowyn's blissful expression of sated passion moments earlier was replaced by one of slight worry, her brows drawing together. "Sorry. I did not know I was... I wasn't really aware of what I was doing." Idiot! "No, no, it is wonderful... you are wonderful... I could listen to the sounds of your pleasure all my life long. I intend to listen to the sounds of your pleasure all my life long. It's just..." Dammit, what is it about her that I seem incapable of coherent thought? "We left the window wide open." "Was I that loud?" "Yes, my love, and it has left me feeling very smug indeed." "Oh." A moment's thought. "Perhaps if there were any people within earshot, they will think that we were sparring or some such, and I was merely out of breath from the exercise..." Faramir laughed and drew Éowyn's head onto his bare chest. "Alas, my love, not only were the noises you made loud, they were very... distinctive." "Oh." This time more drawn-out. Another pause. Then a downward glance towards the breeches he'd insisted on keeping in place, and the rather pronounced bulge at the front of those breeches. "I wonder whether you make a lot of noise..." ~o~O~o~ Some time later still... A positively triumphant note in her voice: "I was right, you also make quite a lot of noise. And you were right – it is unmistakeable. And it doesn't sound in the slightest like someone out of breath after a vigorous fencing bout." Éowyn smiled and nuzzled against his shoulder. Then offered another comment on proceedings. "Gods, that stuff is sticky... " With thanks to Lady Bluejay for letting me pick up from Éowyn's throwaway remark in Tides of Destiny. And for letting me borrow the running joke about cold baths.