asked, a sad, pained note clearly audible in his voice. I nodded against his shoulder. I was too afraid to speak, as it might make him retreat into himself again. This way, I could still communicate with him without having to be scared. Apparently, it was enough, for he continued. "The third night, however, was a living nightmare." That single sentence was all it took for Glorfindel to realize this story's ending would be even worse than he had anticipated. "A band of Orcs had managed to reach the borders and had crossed when the night fell. We had been too far away to hear them, and we were too far from the Last Homely House to call for help when they found us. They had obviously smelled us, because we only noticed they were there when they began to hurt my father. My mother pleaded with them to make them stop, but they kept kicking and hitting him. There was blood running down his face, his hand was broken within seconds." Glorfindel tried to keep his breathing even so he would not worry Erestor, but with every passing second that was becoming more and more impossible. His blood was freezing inside his body. But he had promised to listen, so he would. "They slid his throat in front of our eyes, Glorfindel. His blood was on me. Then, they turned towards my mother. They did the same thing to her. There were no questions being asked, there was no reason why they shouldn't let us go. Yet they hurt her as well. I could hear bones breaking as they pushed, pulled, kicked and hit her. And then, she looked at me." Glorfindel was rubbing Erestor's arms by now, in an attempt to stop the trembling. He was fighting down the tremors himself. It was very understandable, normal, that these events had lead to Erestor having nightmares. Glorfindel was sure he would have had them as well if he had gone through something similar. "She was wordlessly telling me to run. To make sure I was safe. I couldn't move. They killed her, too, Glorfindel. I saw them take her life as well. Only then did I realize I would be next if I didn't start running. So I did. I left their bodies in the hands of those Orcs and I ran. It was only because they hadn't been paying any attention to me that I managed to put enough distance between us to survive. And because the sun would soon rise," Erestor said. Tears were running down his face. Hs barriers had finally broken due to fatigue and the fact Glorfindel was offering him a shoulder to cry on, a listening ear. The warrior brushed them away with his thumb, his chin still resting on Erestor's shoulder. Tears were trailing a path over his own cheeks as well. I could make you happy, make your dreams come true. Nothing that I wouldn't do. Go to the ends of the Earth for you, to make you feel my love. Neither one of them was aware of how much time they spent like that, huddled together as the tears poured from their eyes. The only thing that broke the silence was the soft sputtering of the candles as they burned down. Glorfindel was the first to stop notice that one if the candles had gone out. It made him gaze out of the window again. According to the position of the moon, it was almost four hours past midnight. He would not be getting any more sleep that night, but he deemed it important to try and persuade Erestor to close his eyes, if only for a few hours. Before he had the time to figure out how to go about it, Erestor suddenly spoke. His voice was still soft, but somewhat less fragile. There was a strength to it that immediately drew the warrior's attention. "I told you I had three reasons for visiting you tonight, did I not? I have given you two of them. Would you like to know what the third reason was?" he asked. In all honesty Glorfindel had forgotten everything about those reasons. He story he had just heard had completely washed all other thoughts from his mind. 'I would," he said, knowing deep down that it was important to Erestor. Erestor slipped out of the space between his arms now, kneeling in front of him. He looked straight at Glorfindel, who did not dare to move in fear of making a mistake. "Those nightmares have been making my life a lot more difficult that it should be for a long time. They prevented me from accepting someone might love me or that I might love someone. I loved my parents deeply; when they were taken away from me, I thought that everyone I loved would leave. It took me until now to realize that," he admitted. At that admission he looked a little ashamed, as if it wasn't normal to think that when you lost your parents in such a violent way at such a tender age. Glorfindel rested his hand against Erestor's cheek to show him his support. "I wanted to tell you I love you, Glorfindel. Or I love you to," he said, uncertain what he should say as Glorfindel had said those three words so often. Glorfindel didn't really care what he said. He pulled Erestor towards him and claimed his lips in the sweetest kiss Arda had ever seen. There were simply no words that could convey his feelings correctly. "I love you too. And I promise I will never leave you, not as long as I have a choice," he said. Now it was Erestor's turn to instigate a kiss. A kiss filled with the promise of a life lived together, loving one another until the end of the world arrived. And with that promise on their minds, they drifted off to sleep. Safely in each other's arms.