be doing? What he in the same situation as me? Or was he waking up on that road to find my soul no longer with my body. I ached for him. I wanted so badly to feel his hands caress my face, to feel his lips on mine, anything that was him. Then my mind turned to Imriel. Was the same happening with him. He was probably scared. He was so young, but yet so wise for his age. Even though I am not his mother, I love him as though he is my own. Now his mother on the other hand, is a totally different story that I will not even begin to think of at this moment. And then there was Ti-Philippe. My last chevalier. It saddened me to think that he would be angry for not being able to protect me. What was there that he could have done? It was out of our control. I am still not sure exactly what had happened, only that it had. I know he would take my place in a heartbeat if he could. Ah, Elua! What am I to do? I can feel your presence as always, but I am lost, so utterly lost. Or is this Kushiel's doing, or even Namah's? I cannot say. One of you, please I beg for your guidance. The only answer I received was a laugh in the distance. My eyes flew open and I strained my ear to hear if it would sound again. It did. Closer this time. I hastily stood and took a few steps forward towards it. Once more I heard it, this time followed by words. "You cannot hide forever Karenwë! I will find you eventually!" It called. No answer was heard. I did not understand one word of what was being said. I could tell that it was a mans voice. His laugh sounded out again, even closer this time. I made my way towards the voice. Here was someone who could possibly tell me where I was and how to get home, if I still could, that is. My feet shuffled through the leaves as I went. But the laughing had stopped. I did not know which direction to head in anymore. Left, right, forwards? Did they make it past me? Perhaps they had stopped moving and were standing in one place. But before I had chosen a direction, I felt a pair of hands grab my waist and swing me around. "I told you I would find you love, didn't I?" He said while at the same time trying to nuzzle my neck. Again I had absolutely no idea what he said. Now I am not a stranger to this, but I didn't know who this was, and I was rather tired and hungry, and in no mood for an assignation at this moment. I turned in his arms. He was about to kiss me, when I brought up a hand and pressed it against his face. His eyes opened, looked at me, then took a double take. Before I knew what had happened. I found my self laying on the ground, with this man sitting on top of me, with the addition of a sharp pointed object being pressed against my neck. I am not a stranger to this either. As I looked up at him, I saw that he a hair like Joscelin's, and blue eyes. He had fine d'Angeline features, if not even more finely crafted. But what caught my attention the most were his ears. They were pointed, something I had never seen in my life. Where was I? Had I truly passed into the Terre d'Ange that was beyond? No. This situation would not happen there. There is only love in that land. But the look on his face was one far from love. It was somewhere between hatred and fright. "Who are you, what are you, and what are you doing in my forest?" He asked. Now I was truly baffled. I could tell that we had asked me a question, but I had no idea what it was. Nor would I be able to respond. So I tried the next best thing. "My lord," I replied in d'Angeline, "If you would kindly get off me, I would be happy to answer any questions you have." This only seemed to further enrage him more. "What are you? Some kind of demon!" He hissed. I could tell that he was absolutely furious. But at what I could not tell. Before I could say another word. I heard a female voice behind me speak the same language as he. "Legolas! What are you doing?" He looked up sharply, then replied. "I have captured a demon of some sort." "You silly elf! Are you completely blind? That is a poor elf. Let her be and do not scare the wits out of her!" "This is no poor elf Karenwë!" "Legolas, get off her this instant!" I did not hear her move closer, and did not know she was near until I saw her take hold of his ear and yank upward. His face contorted with pain and immediately I was released from my temporary prison. I studied his friend. She too had long raven hair, much like mine and finely crafted d'Angeline features, far more beautiful then I have ever seen. Almost even more beautiful then Melisande. Which is very hard to beat. She also had the blue eyes and the pointed ears. While they were yelling at each other I took the opportunity to get up off the ground. I brushed what I could off of my ruined dress, and turned to face them. When I did, I saw him grab hold of her head and turn it so that it was facing me, then he pointed to my left eye. Ahhhhhhhh, so that is what this is about. But at least I knew that I was still with the living.