one of the watch towers upon the walls and he reconsidered. "I have been giving some thought to our household," he began. Gúthwyn dabbed at her face, at last achieving some semblance of composure. Another long sip of wine helped. "Our household?" Unlike Legolas, she had not even considered such a detail, and it startled her to hear him referring to it as theirs —as if all the nameless servants who seemed to move in and out of thin air were now hers as well. By the Valar, they are mine, she realized in alarm. They are bound to me and I am responsible for them—and yet I have never even met any of them! Legolas sensed her disquiet. "I know you have not had enough time to start considering these matters. I have an unfair advantage over you, for while I was traveling to Edoras, it was all I could think of—how we would build our lives together, once I had repaired the damage wrought by my father." "Then I am all ears," she said, "for I have nothing to contribute." "Not yet," he corrected with a gentle smile. "But first: If Tauriel is unable to continue in my father's service, how would you feel about her entering ours?" "That would be wonderful!" Gúthwyn's pulse quickened as she imagined the sparring opportunities—there was much she could learn from an Elf over six hundred years her senior. For the first time in more than a year, her fingers itched for Framwine. Not that I would be worthy of even picking up a sword in her presence, she thought grimly. But no doubt Elfwine, at least, would be happy to see her more often. "Would she be a member of your guard?" she asked, trying to figure out what Legolas had in mind. "Do you not already have a captain?" Legolas chuckled. "I do, and Magol is very good at his job, but I thought Tauriel could be the captain of your guard." "My guard?" Her astonishment swiftly turned to alarm. "Oh, no, really, there is no need for that." "Members of the royal family always have one," he reminded her; he did not seem surprised in the least by her objections. "Your brother is also well-protected." "Yes, but—" Feeling increasingly flustered, she wondered if she and Legolas were about to have their first couple's argument. "I am perfectly capable of looking after myself. I do not need someone following me around all day, even if it is Tauriel." "Just like we are being followed now?" Legolas asked, his eyes twinkling. "What?" Gúthwyn nearly dropped her bread, and she twisted around in search of the Elves who were watching them. Then she realized that there were none, and that was his point. "It would just be a formality," Legolas elaborated, contenting himself with a small grin. "My guards at the colony stand watch at night, are present when I receive visitors, and accompany me on extended travels. Tauriel would fulfill the same roles, were she to accept the position." Gúthwyn bit her lip. She supposed that sounded reasonable. "Could it just be her? Or one other person, if it is truly necessary? For if we are going to be together, surely I can share your guard." "That we can," Legolas conceded, still looking amused. "Shall we say three, then? One each for you, Hammel, and Haiweth?" She could not deny that it would be a great comfort to have additional pairs of eyes on the children, especially where Haiweth was concerned. "Three it is." "And…" There was a strange intensity to Legolas's gaze, one that made her pulse quicken. "Will you allow me to add more guards once we are given a child?" "Yes," she breathed, too caught up in the idea to be embarrassed by how forthright they were being. Then she came back to herself, blushing as deep a red as the wine in her cup—which she hastily drained to conceal her embarrassment. "Yes, that will be acceptable," she agreed more calmly. "Am I being too bold?" "A little." She summoned the courage to add, "But I do not mind." Was that color she espied in Legolas's cheeks? Yet it was gone as quickly as it had come, and he did not pursue the matter. "Speaking of the household," she said, feeling as though it were getting rather warm for April, "I spoke to Cobryn. He will go with me to the colony." "I am glad to hear it. I know his presence will be a comfort to you." Gúthwyn chose her words carefully. "You will not mind, even after… the misunderstanding?" "Of course not—although I will not deny that I used to envy him for his good fortune." Legolas's voice was low, his expression unguarded; she felt her breath catch as she beheld the emotion within. "It was a constant torment, imagining him at your side… kissing you…" Surely the wine had affected her; that was the only explanation for her response. "Well, now you can kiss me whenever you want." A shiver seemed to race through him—or perhaps it was a passing breeze—and for a moment she thought he would hold her to her word then and there, discretion be damned. But then he exhaled and said, "Not now. Someone might see us." She could only imagine the shock poor Balman would receive if he saw his king's sister kissing their Elven guest! Biting back her disappointment, she replied, "Yes, I suppose you are right." An idea struck her. She took the picnic basket between them and pushed it forward, simultaneously scooting over so that it was wedged between their legs. "What are you doing?" "We cannot kiss," Gúthwyn pointed out, "but we can still hold hands without anyone being the wiser." Comprehension dawned. "Perhaps we should picnic out here more often," Legolas said, casually reaching behind the basket. Gúthwyn laced her fingers in his. "Oh yes," she agreed. "We should." They sat there, enjoying the view.