was absolutely adorable-even if it did mean I'd eventually end up being pranked later. Maybe my feet would be glued to the floor. "I'm not a lady!" I smiled. "But chivalry is a lost art where I'm from, so thank you." He shrugged cheerfully. "Sam thinks that all Elves are lords and ladies. It's rubbing off." "I'm not an Elf, either." Great, another person looking at me as if I were clinically insane. "What are you then?" "A girl. Just a girl." "But you've got pointy ears! Really pointy ones; not like mine." I reached up to touch my so-called pointy ears, but thought better of it and helped him up instead. "Uh, yeah. It's a birth defect." "What's that?" "It's, um-" "Peregrin Took! What have I told you about bothering Elrond's people?" A voice called out to us just as I was explaining. An old man in long grey robes strode towards Pippin. The young Hobbit now looked fairly uncomfortable. "To not to?" "Exactly. I apologize for his tomfoolery," the guy who was presumably Gandalf (after all, who else had a penchant for telling Pippin off?) told me. "It's fine, he wasn't doing anything. I was the one who tripped over him, I wasn't looking where I was going. I hope you'll forgive me, Pippin?" The Hobbit looked relatively surprised, but beamed at me. He clearly liked to smile-a lot. It was usually irritating with most people, but with him it was just really, really puppy-dog cute. I would have to think about getting him a collar and leash. "Of course! It's fine, anyway-I'm not hurt." Gandalf leaned on his staff. "That's Gandalf, by the way." "I'm Cat Jackson-it's an honour." The old wizard smiled wryly. "Indeed. Lord Elrond has been expecting you." I raised my eyebrows in surprise. "Well, that's some talent. Even I didn't know I was coming here." "He will explain soon. For now, I imagine you will wish to rest. Come with me." It was weird, I hadn't realised just how tired I was until he said the word rest . And I really hoped I would be able to wash up, because I was probably filthier than I had ever been. That's saying something too-I once had to jump in a bog on a field trip. I followed Gandalf more than happily-after all, who wouldn't follow an old guy from a fairy tale who's promising you a bed? If I'd done that in New York, I'd probably have ended up cut into pieces in a sack thrown into a river, which would have polluted the river. Oh well. The room I was shown to was absolutely stunning. My old love for Tolkien's beautiful architecture came flooding back as I gazed at twining branches and leaf patterns, the view of Rivendell from the window. It certainly wasn't my bedroom, which was painted deep blue with my rather shitty attempt to paint the Milky Way on the ceiling and ripped posters on the walls-and a few food items under the bed that would probably have mutated into a new species of psychotic sandwich by now. Gandalf left and I was alone to snuffle around. "Wow," I whispered to myself. I swear the bed could have held five people comfortably. Yet the most interesting thing about the room was the backpack on the bed. It was mine. I hadn't even brought my backpack on the day out, yet here it was, in all its glory. I say glory; I mean a faded blue and green rucksack with animé characters from random Japanese shows inked in biro all over it and a sewn-up strap. I was a bit nervous about opening it-after all it could contain anything from clothes to a king cobra, but curiosity won out and I unzipped the fastenings. Inside was more or less anything I'd need, barring coffee and a hot shower. Clean clothes, another pair of shoes and some hiking boots, a hairbrush, my toothpaste and stuff, a first aid kit, a water bottle, and even as some weird kind of courtesy my iPod, wrapped neatly in its headphones. I wasn't about to complain. In fact, I whooped. "Hell yeah, baby!" I wondered if Kim's stuff had magically shown up too...I fervently hoped so. I was also left wondering about how the heck I would clean myself up. What with? They don't have showers in Middle-earth, as I've already explained, and they don't have running water, either. How was I supposed to wash my hair? Which was absolutely, positively disgusting. There was a basin of water on a stand. I supposed I would find out. Grabbing a bottle of shampoo from my bag, I dunked the whole mess of my greasy, caked locks into the water, squeezed out a little of my precious (bad pun, sorry) shampoo and began to scrub my scalp very hard. I felt all the dirt slowly wash out of my long red hair. It was such a lovely feeling that I sighed. Returning to my backpack for my hairbrush, I tugged it all the way through (my arms were aching by the time I finished. I was wishing for a pair of scissors), and took advice from Katniss Everdeen. I braided it into a Rapunzel-length plait so I could wash my body. Thoroughly washed and clean, I almost felt human again. That is, until I caught sight of myself. Instead of an awkward, half-developed seventeen-year-old girl, in the mirror was reflected an Elleth with flaming hair and starlight-on-water eyes. My eyes were green. This could not be me. Yet somehow it was. It was me but not me, a girl familiar but a stranger to me at the same time. I tore my eyes away from her and hurriedly tugged on a pair of pants and a tunic from my bag. Not a patch on jeans and a T-shirt, but I couldn't afford to be nitpicky. My braid hung over my left shoulder. Well, Middle-earth, here I come.