to kill a pair of squirrels, and brought them back to camp with him. After he had the fire going, his skinned the squirrels and roasted them over the fire. He gulped the first one down in no time at all, leaving nothing but bones, and decided to save the other squirrel and wrapped the meat in a piece of cloth and tucked it into his pack, saving it for the girl if she woke up during the night, and would eat it for himself if she didn't wake by morning. As the sun set, he put out the fire and laid back into the grass, his pack as a pillow. He looked over the girl one last time and really took in her features, and noticed she wore strange clothing. He had never seen anything like it, with strange looking fabric and odd bright colors splashed across her top. He wondered to himself where she hailed from. From the clothing on the dead villagers, she wasn't dressed like anyone from the village, nor was she dressed like any other place he had ever been, and Aragorn had been to a lot of places. Besides for the clothes though, she looked perfectly human. Her ears were unpointed and rounded at the top, so she couldn't have been an elf. Her hair was a light auburn, appearing brown unless the sun shone down on her head, making her mid-back length hair appear to glow dark red. Her skin looked soft, and unmarked, leaving no flaws on her gentle face, and air slowly came and left her body through her petite nose, and parted red lips. Aragorn smiled as he began to notice color creep back into her face. He decided not to think about the girl anymore, and closed his eyes feeling sleep pulling at his senses and Aragorn gladly surrendered to its will. In the morning, Aragorn blinked his eyes open, remembering yesterday's events and his eyes drifted off to the girl. He was surprised to see she was not in the same position he left her in last night. Her body was now rolled to the side, hugging the blanket tightly and having the edges tucked under her. He saw her breathing was stronger than it was last night and sighed in relief. He went and crouched over her, tugging the blanket off to check on the wound, the girl resisted and tugged back, groaning in annoyance. Aragorn decided a different approach. "Can you hear me?" He asked the girl gently. She groaned in reply. "How are you feeling?" he asked, feeling slightly amused. "Terrible…" she muffled through the blanket, and Aragorn could see her eyebrows crease in pain. "Lay still, you were attacked yesterday and are badly injured because of it. I was afraid you would never awaken. Let me check the wound for you." Aragorn said gently. The girl nodded and allowed Aragorn to pull off the blanket and remove the bandages he had dressed last night. "Well it does not look any worse, if it remains like this it should heal fast." He told her as he redressed the bandages across her torso. The girl nodded blankly, staring at the sky. Aragorn felt a little uncomfortable with the silence and could tell something was troubling her. "Are you okay? Are you in a deal of pain or…?" he trailed off; waiting for an answer or hint to what was bothering her. Her eyes slowly trailed over to meet his, and scanned what he was wearing as if they were foreign clothes. "Where am I?" She asked sadly. "We are a day away from Rivendell by horse milady." He answered her, he could immediately tell that he had given her the wrong answer and she closed her eyes in sorrow. "Where are you from?" he asked curiously. "Pennsylvania…America…" she said, hoping her words would rouse recognition in Aragorn but he only gave her an odd glance. "I have never heard of it." Aragorn replied. "And I've never heard of this place… look, I was in my bed at home, and then next thing I know I'm lying down in some grass field while a village is burning to the ground. I'm not from here." She cried, tears running down her face. "I had my suspicions from your clothing. However I cannot possibly imagine where you may have come from. This is Middle Earth." "I'm not from Middle Earth! I'm from Earth! No middle!" she sobbed. "How am I supposed to go home when I'm in a place I don't know and people here have never even heard of where I came from?" she asked incredulously. Aragorn had no answers to give her. "I am sorry milady, but I do not have an answer for you." He bowed his head in apologies. "I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn." He introduced himself. "If you truly do come from a different world, you are welcome to travel in my company. There are many evils across Middle Earth, what you glimpsed was just a small example. It would be dangerous if you wandered on your own." Michelle pondered over his words. She was taught back home, not to trust strangers, but then again, this stranger had saved her life. If he wanted to Kill her, he had his chance while she was unconscious all day yesterday. "I gladly accept your offer." Michelle said, giving him a small smile. "My name's Michelle…err… daughter of Robert…" she said awkwardly, trying to not seem too out of place andintroduced herself as Aragorn did, and she could hear him chuckle. "Well then, Michelle, daughter of Robert, would you like some breakfast?" So yeah… this is my prologue. I'm prolly gonna upload chapter one after this. Don't you worry Legolas lovers, he's coming in on chapter 3 and I've already written it, it'll be up by the end of the week. Any suggestions or corrections or just something nice to say, would be very much loved!