soft sound besides him, the elf's eyes were open and clear with consciousness for the first time but soft desperate gasps escaped from his lips. The Ranger quickly reached over and took a fair hand in his, squishing lightly "Mellon, is alright. I'm here. Can you try and take deep breaths?" he did as he was told and though his breath still came ragged and uneven the air seemed to be getting to his lungs now. Legolas tried to call for him but couldn't go beyond the A in his name and instead settled for putting a hand to his neck. The cup with the medicinal brew was next to them, so Aragorn grabbed it and held it to his friend's lips "I need you to drink this" the hurt in those blue eyes was enough to break his heart "It would help with the pain". Resigned, the archer pushed himself to get into a sitting position frowning when he barely managed to raise his head a little and even so shaking with effort. The man by his side put a hand beneath his shoulder blades and held him up just enough to drink. Swallowing felt like daggers down his bruised throat and he couldn't go beyond half the liquid, anger flared inside of him for how weak he felt. Suddenly a curly haired head popped into his line of view and Pippin's voice chirped in "He's awake!", his companion's joy warmed his heart and the elf gathered his strength to give him a sleepy smile. "Aye, but he still needs to heal and will be sleep again soon, so there's no need to wake the others, alright Master Peregrine?" The rest of the conversation was lost to him as their faces blurred and was forcefully swiped away into elven dreams. The next time Legolas knew of the world around him, the light from the outside told him it was well past noon. With a slight jump he noticed a hand that was upon his brow and the deep blue eyes staring down at him earnestly. "Easy, Mellon" Frodo's voice was full of worry "You still have a bit of a fever" "I'm fine" his answer came out hoarse and the elf grimaced at the pain it brought to speak. "Uh hum" the sarcasm was palpable "You must be starving, Sam made some of his famous onion soup especially for you" the hobbit then proceeded to help him into a sitting position against the elf's assurance that he could do it himself, he did feel better! Or so he thought until his head was held upright and the soil was suddenly upwards for a few moments before slowly going back down where it belonged. Looking around still slightly dazed he saw that everyone was watching him with attention except for the gardener who was serving a bowl of steaming soup that smelled delicious, but the thought of swallowing had him frowning lightly. The hobbit seemed to get a glimpse of this for he ducked his head lower and muttered "It's hardly a soup and certainly not one of my best works, I'm sure it doesn't even come near as good as anything the elves make" Legolas, not wanting to down the kind Sam quickly countered "Smells great" but his voice broke at the last syllable and he once more clutched his throat, wincing. "Are…are you in pain?" a voice mumbled. For the first time Legolas addressed the dwarf, who stood far from the others looking consternate. The archer's eyes glowered for a second with unrestrained anger and then went cold, void of all emotion and Gimli thought that to be much more frightening, not being able to hold the blue stare he was receiving for long he inspected the ground at his feet scratching his head awkwardly. They couldn't be expecting an apology in front of everyone. Apparently they are, he corrected himself has Merry cleared his throat loudly and called the redhead's name sternly. He struggled with the words for what felt like an eternity before finally growling and proudly erecting his spine to his full height, returning the intensity of the elf's glare "I've come to realize that our feud this past days is highly immature and unbefitting of both our races, which is why I am offering you a truce, to cease all hostile actions between us" he grunted and finished in a small voice "Also, I never meant to cause you injury nor illness, and I admit shame of my actions" then, in typical dwarven fashion, Gimli did a low bow over his folded arm. Legolas stayed skeptical a little longer, but he had heard honesty in the other's voice, so with the corners of his mouth barely curling up he answered in the manners of his own people, taking a hand to his breast then extending it gracefully towards the dwarf while bowing his head, accepting the peace. "Great!" Pippin clapped his hands loudly "Now that's dealt with, I heard something about soup?" "It's not for you, cousin Pippin!" "But you heard him, his throat's sore, he won't eat all of it" As the dispute developed, Sam drew closer to Legolas, a steaming bowl in his hands which he received gratefully and without hesitation took a sip bravely swallowing before his judgment convinced him otherwise. It felt like rock balls lit on fire with an aftertaste suspiciously close to his own blood, but none the less he smile and nodded at Sam to reassure him of the quality of his cooking. The hobbit's face brightened up immediately, and all was well once more. Legolas was up and good to go by nightfall, the incident completely behind them thanks to the elves fast healing, and so the Fellowship continued their journey on the quest to destroy the One in new found peace. And if anyone knew something about the mysterious disappearance of Gimli's pipe after that, none said anything. He had poisoned their elf, after all.