a game they haven't played in a long time. Iven was the worst of them all, he was faster than the rest of the guards and I can't out run him. I feel his eyes glaring into my back which makes me run faster. The arrows in my quiver jump with every step I take. I wish I could just put Bella down and shoot them until they all die. But they got the first move when I feel a sharp sting at the back of my neck. I use my free hand to pull out what looks like a dart filled with a drug that will make me hallucinate. My next thought is I know I'm not going to make it. I keep running faster and stop when I lose the pack of blood thirsty human wolves. I hide Bella and myself behind and large tree and put her down to see that her hair is all drenched. The lily that was fresh from the rain is now screaming and pulls my hand forward. But I can't hear her, very thing is fuzzy and blur when I look at her face. The rain looks like slugs falling from the sky and I trip on the ground when I take one step. I think I banged my head on a root or something because it begins to throb with pain. I groan, well I think I groaned, and heat up. My body is sweating as I turn it to see Bella looking down at me with tears in her eyes. She screams at me again but I still can't hear her. It looks like she's mouthing 'Astrid come on' and 'Get up, get up'. My blood feels like it's boiling right now, I never had so much heat before. When my hands touch the root, I feel it sizzle by my touch and I see the smoke escaping the top of the plant. I let go and only touch the wet dirt on the ground. I was afraid I was going to cause a wild fire with all this heat. I then see a figure, a white figure walking towards us. I still can't move so well to get a closer view of the person's face. All I saw was white hair that looked untouched by the rain and the figure was glowing. It looks like a man when I see his body in my view. Is it God? Has God come to help us? He pushes Bella to the ground to walk towards me. He knees down to examine me. Well, I think he is, his face is still a blur. The slugs are covering my eye sight and I can't wipe them away. The man reaches his hand out to touch my body, and I feel his touch on my arm. His hands are icy cold and I feel is bones, but takes it away when it looks like I just stung him with heat. Am I really that hot right now? Is this a sign saying that I'm going to explode with all this energy? I feel light-headed now and don't know what I should be feeling. Then it hits me in the chest like a brick. Fear. I can move when I start to see the figure lift up Bella by the arm and pull her away from me. I see her screaming, crying, doing anything to get my attention. She does but I feel so heated up and paralyzed right now. I call her name, but I can't even hear my voice. The slugs falling like rain starts to cover up my body, then my face, then my whole eyes, and I black out. ~0~0~0~ -Third Person P.O.V.- Her body laid there on the grassy floor, drenched with her braid messy and the face that looked in pain and weak. A large swollen mark was behind her neck looking like a bee sting. She laid there until company noticed her. Two men, four hobbits, one elf, and one dwarf stopped in their tracks as they noticed the young woman. They all looked at one another and back at the woman. Did they know her, and what kingdom was she from. Her clothes, which were torn and also drenched, didn't seem familiar, especially how she wear pants. They never seen women were men's clothing before. Confused, the man with dark hair walked up to the body and kneed down to feel her pulse. She was still alive. He also saw her bow and the quiver of arrows around her body. An archer? "Aragorn is the woman alive?" the one they call Boromir ask and Aragorn nodded. He then started to shake the girl gently to wake her up. "My Lady," he said quietly. "My Lady," The girl opened her eyes at his voice. Aragorn noticed that they were the color amber with small specks of gold neck to the pupils. They also looked glassy and bloodshot, like she lied on the grass drunk. She turned her head at him to see who woke her. At first, everything was silent. She was confused about this man and so was he about her. Then, something hit her and she stood up which surprised the group that she could move. Breathing heavily, she looked frantically around for something. This confused Aragorn at her action. But before he could speak, the woman screamed to give the four hobbits and the dwarf a startle of shock. "BELLA!" Welcome to Lord of the Rings: The Girl with Fire (Duh, duh, duuuum!). This chapter was a test. A test to see if anyone will like it and want me to continue it. I know Lord of the Rings was like eight years ago, but I wanted to write this down and see if anyone will enjoy it. So anyway, now that you read the first chapter. Review and give me some feedback, I would really like that. Thank you again for your time.