swore to keep it a secret, he follows me around like a dog and never leaves me alone. If I do get married, he will want kids and I cannot imagine myself with a child at my breast.' ' You take of me like I'm your child.' Nella gave her a puzzled look. ' That is different because you actually needed someone to take care of you and I was the only one to step up. I do not want to turn into a crazy parent like your mother.' ' But you won't!" " I am sure I'll catch the madness mothers have with their children…' Before Nella could continue to argue, she seemed to jump from realization. 'I have to get home before mother comes back! I will be off now! Good-bye Astrid, Maia, and Bennett!" "Shall I come with you to make sure you get there safe?" Astrid asked while Maia and Bennett finished their conversation. "No, I will be fine if I'm quick enough. Bye!" and she zoomed off into the opposite direction. Astrid shook her head with a small smile. 'I love her so much.' she thought to herself. ' I love you too!' she heard in her head and smiled even wider. She also thought it was time to departure back to her home to see Favian. "I will see you later in the day Maia. I have to go check up on Favian." "Okay," "Shall I walk you home Astrid?" Bennett asked her with a little hope in his voice. She gave a mental sigh of frustration and shook her head. "I believe I know my own way back to my home Bennett," she said coldly. Before she could continue, she caught a look from Maia that read 'be-friendly-he-is-only-being-nice' and gave another sigh. She smiled at him. "But thank you for offering." Bennett's cheeks seemed to get slightly pink as he returned a grin. Astrid left and walked back to her home. The house was at the end of the town in a quiet and peaceful area making it the perfect place to live in. When she reached her home, she began to realize that the air didn't seem so quiet. Two people seemed to be arguing from inside her home which seemed unusual to Astrid. When she got closer, she jumped when she witnessed the white stallion on the other side of her home. Since when did Favian have company over? Ignoring the fact that the horse was watching her, she crept closer to the door and tried to listen to the argument a little better. But something seemed different about the way Favian and the mysterious person spoke, almost as if it was another language. By the tone in both their voices, they seemed angry with each other and Astrid couldn't comprehend what the fight was all about. When they both paused for a breather, Astrid took this opporitunity to knock on the door and call from outside. "Favian, can I come in?" "In a moment Astrid –" "Oh, let the young one come in!" cried a furious voice. "I would like to see her." The voice was lovely and very different from someone living in Caldwell. This person must be from somewhere else. Astrid heard Favian grumble swears under his breath and walked to open the door. When she could finally see his red face, he said to her. "Please meet our special guest Astrid." She went inside and looked behind Favian to see a tall man with long, golden hair and a beautiful, young face. He had a kind look on his face, which was much different than Favian's reaction, and seemed to be extremely calm. His clothing was, however, odd in Astrid's opinion. He wore armor that looked strangely different from all the armor she's seen in her life and some kind of thin shoes. But what really caught her off-guard were his ears. They were… pointed? What kind of strange person is he having ears shaped like leaves? Is he also forest-born? If not, then where is he from? He began to speak in a voice that sounded like fair music. " Vedui' (Greetings) Astrid, Daughter of Embris, my name is Glorfindel of Rivendell," he introduced himself. "I was sent here by orders of Lord Elrond himself to escort you to his realm." Then he gave a small bow to the young woman. "It is such an honor to finally meet the famous descendent of Embris." *Author's Note-Hey everyone! I've missed you all! Well, here's the new story. (Yes, I changed Firehart's name because I thought it was too cheesy). This story is VERY different from the first one but mainly because there's no teleportation to make Astrid come to Middle-Earth. So sorry if it took long to upload this but I wanted it to be a really good chapter to begin the story. So a couple things changed about Astrid: -She has auburn red hair but turns more red and orange in the sun. The reason she has to keep it in either a braid or bun is because when air catches the free locks, they can turn ablaze. -She has grey eyes. -She has two markings on both her wrist. On her right is a mark shaped as a flame and on her left is dark mark. I can actually explain how the dark mark looks but I'll have a picture of it on my Bio soon. -She's 5'9" That's all the info I can give about her in the new story. So tell me, do you like this new Astrid or do you like the old one a little better? Do you feel like she's a Mary Sue and if you do I'll try to fix that as much as I can. And do you like how this story is starting out? Please Review and tell me your answers and I'll post the next chapter as soon as possible. And this time I mean it!