him in turn. Glorfindel held Erestor gently as he sought his release, one hand upon his back. The other carefully reached between their flushed bodies to find Erestor's length, pumping him now, in time with the raven's erratic rocking. "G- 'findel," Erestor moaned against his mouth, "l-love…" "Mhm," Glorfindel nodded and agreed, " Yes. " Erestor felt the tightening in his stomach and whined, long and loud. His fist tightened in Glorfindel's hair momentarily before releasing it and coming instead to scratch his back wildly as its opposite did the same to the blond's thigh. Glorfindel panted and hummed deep in his throat until finally with a grunt, his release came upon him. He choked off a shout and instead buried his face in Erestor's neck, biting harshly. Erestor cried out in near a sob as his climax washed over him. His stomach tightened impossibly and he hunched over Glorfindel's form, every muscle in his body absolutely tense and then, nothing. He fell limp against his lover as he came in small spurts over both their stomachs. Glorfindel took long, deep breaths in the aftermath to calm himself. He slowly fell back onto the bed, taking Erestor with him; the other was already nearly asleep. With a short chuckle, Glorfindel pushed the covers down from under them and pulled them up again with his foot before covering them both for a well deserved night of sleep. "Sweet dreams, my love," he whispered to Erestor. "n'wee' d'ee'ms," he received in reply before he finally closed his eyes and slept. Erestor lay in bed staring at the ceiling. He couldn't believe he'd done all that, but the soreness in his rear spoke the truth. He could barely hold the covers under his chin as he was, so tired were his arms. His legs still trembled from exertion. "Did we –" "Yes." "And I really –" "Oh yes ," Glorfindel chuckled. "O-oh…" Erestor flushed and slowly turned to face Glorfindel, a self-conscious look of surprise on his face, "Was I – I mean, did you – I wasn't too –" "You were," Glorfindel paused in an attempt to find the right word. He turned to Erestor as well and offered him a shy smile, "You were perfect." "I was? I was…" Erestor lifted himself up on one elbow to glance over Glorfindel's face, "Really?" "Mhm," Glorfindel hummed. He pulled Erestor to his side, letting the other bury his face into the blond's shoulder. Glorfindel brought one hand to play with Erestor's hair while the other traced circles over his back. "You were also…" Erestor trailed off with a blush, "You know…" "Ai," Glorfindel smiled, "Thank you, my love. I do aim to please." Erestor chuckled and placed a gentle kiss to Glorfindel's chest. "Perhaps," he hesitated slightly, "Perhaps, eventually that is, when my bottom – and probably yours as well – are no longer sore, we might… Again?" "So soon?" Glorfindel teased. Erestor gasped and hid his face in the crook of Glorfindel's neck, "Not- not so soon! I'll not walk for a day at least, as it is. T'would be good to regain the ability within the month." Glorfindel laughed, "I play, sweet one. I am not certain either of us could handle that level of activity on a nightly basis." "Mm," Erestor nodded, "but you would agree to do it again?" "Oh, to see you above me like that again," Glorfindel sighed with a faraway look in his eyes, "I would love to see such a thing again." "Must you describe it so?" Erestor asked. "Aye, Erestor," Glorfindel returned to reality slowly, "You were like a wild thing possessed. I have ne'er seen such a beautiful sight. The exception, of course, is your smiling face the day of our binding. My love, you are a creature of stunning beauty and I am truly blessed to behold you." Erestor gaped, "I- Oh Glorfindel. I know not what to say. Your honesty leaves me shocked and your beauty, speechless." "Ai, but that is enough for me, my love," Glorfindel placed a delicate, loving kiss to Erestor's forehead, "for what better compliment could one hope for? To have made the great Master Erestor – known for his silver tongue – fall silent in awe, that is enough for me. Erestor smiled adoringly at his lover, reaching up to finally press a kiss to his lips. It was a slow, passionate thing, shared between only the souls of two bonded for eternity. As Erestor pulled away, he took notice of a folded note on the bed-side table that he did not recall placing there. He let himself fall onto Glorfindel's chest, pulling a huff from both of them, using his arms instead to reach for the letter. Glorfindel chuckled and finally reached out instead and took the letter for himself, with a pout and a mumble from Erestor, "… Giant." Glorfindel smiled lovingly and handed him the letter, "Little mouse." Erestor kissed him in thanks and finally pulled the note open, taking but a moment to read its short message before laughing. Glorfindel watched him with one brow raised in question. Erestor handed him the note but explained anyway. "Elrond requests that we both have the day off today," Erestor chuckled. "The letter is also signed by yours and my own assistant whom we apparently kept up quite late last night." Glorfindel laughed along with him and threw the letter to the floor, "Then let us make the most of it, hm?" Erestor grinned, "Aye, I believe perhaps we ought to have a bath and order breakfast in bed." A/N: Holy. Tits. That was really long. And a bit harder than expected. Also, I think… I'm pretty sure this is my first PWP. So um… I hope it was alright? I think there's a sort of awkward silence that hangs over smut once it's written… Or is that just me? Maybe it's just way past my bed time (it's 6am now as I post this).