Elvenking was sitting on his throne with his only son standing beside him in his armor. He had obviously been called from one of the borders and had arrived just before them. Both ellyn were watching them with a cold, unreadable expression and they remained immobile until their visitors were closer to the throne. Only then did King Thranduil stand and slowly come down the few stairs to meet them in greeting while his son was following him a few feet behind. Thranduil nodded to the visitors who in turn bowed to him. After all, Thranduil was the only crowned king that still lived in Middle Earth. Celeborn and Galadriel, Elrond and Cirdan were lords of their realm without being officially crowned. "Galadriel!" Thranduil said gallantly, taking the lady's hand to his lips to kiss it lightly. "What a pleasure to see you again!" His eyes contradicted him, and Galadriel could read his suspicion directly in his mind. "The pleasure is all mine," she replied, lying through her teeth. Thranduil had always been a difficult ellon, and the tragic passing of his wife had made his character more rigid and irritable. Celeborn was greeted with more coldness, while Haldir was completely disregarded. Only for Mithrandir did the Elvenking spare some authentic courtesy. His son, although as wary as his father, showed more diplomacy and welcomed them with respect and impeccable courtesy. "You must be tired after this long journey. Bronadon will show you to your rooms. Of course, there will be a feast in your honor tonight. Unfortunately, I have very little people in the fortress nowadays. Most of my warriors are in the forest, protecting the realm and the Old Forest Road from attacks from Dol Guldur. And most of our ellith have fled to Valinor..." "Our population is predominantly male nowadays too," Celeborn informed him. "Many of our warriors have preferred to send their mates to the Undying Lands. Our situations are not so different, Thranduil." "Our situations cannot compare, Celeborn. You do not have a fortress of Sauron in your forest. So far, you have been spared attacks by these humongous and vicious spiders, whose venom can either poison you or paralyze you until they feed on you. We suspect that a Nazgul is in residence in Dol Guldur, planning attacks on our realm. Only dim-witted and disorganized orc bands are attacking your borders." "Let us not have a contest of the most desperate situation," the wizard intervened before the tension escalated to even greater heights. Celeborn and Thranduil had never gotten along, and today was obviously not the day where a friendship would suddenly flourish between them. The wizard looked at the son of the king who was watching the exchange with a smirk. The ellon had less pride than his father, a sure indication of his half-silvan heritage. While Thranduil was a pure Sindarin elf, the queen of Greenwood had been a beautiful and joyful elleth of silvan ascendance. Their son had inherited some of her qualities, such as her curiosity and her sense of humor. He also had inherited the Silvan's renowned lethalness in combat. Prince Legolas looked innocent and simple, and could easily fool the people that didn't know him well into thinking that he was not dangerous. A mistake, when you discovered that he had inherited his adar's suspicious nature, his intelligence and his ever strategic-thinking mind. Sensing the wizard's gaze on him, Legolas understood that Mithrandir was asking him to intervene to ensure the king would not send the entire delegation home before they had time to communicate the reason of their visit. "I am sure Lothlorien has seen its lot of attacks, Adar, and that their wardens are almost as courageous and deadly as our own warriors," the prince said to his father, putting his hand on his shoulder to remind him to control his temper. He smiled at the Marchwarden who had perfectly understood the cutting remark that had been made about his warriors. Haldir kept his tongue in check, even if it was difficult. How dare the silvan prince said that the Greenwood warriors were better than the Lothlorien wardens! Galadriel spoke in his mind, asking him to disregard the remarks that would be made about Lothlorien for the sake of the success of their mission. Seeing that the Marchwarden would not take the bait, Legolas turned to Celeborn and Galadriel. "It is an honor for Greenwood to receive your visit. Although my father and I are curious about the reason behind your unexpected but welcome visit, I strongly believe that we should wait after dinner to discuss this matter of importance. Bronadon, please show our guests to their rooms, and make sure to give them all the required information about dinner tonight." Bronadon bowed to the visitors and asked them to follow him while Thranduil watched the proceedings with annoyance. Before Bronadon could close the door behind him, the guests heard part of the hushed conversation between father and son. "How dare they come to my fortress to shower us with their contempt and unduly pride!" "Adar, please give them the chance to explain the reason for their presence. The rulers of Lothlorien would not have made such a journey for trivial matters..." "You will see, they have abandoned us centuries ago, but will turn to Greenwood again for help on some of their mysterious and perilous stunts..." Mithrandir did not hear the rest of the conversation, but he was amazed by the king's perceptiveness. Thranduil felt that they were in Greenwood to ask them to participate in some difficult task. What would be his reaction when they told him that they wanted to send his only heir to a different world to bring back a mortal woman to mate with her? He shivered. That conversation would certainly not go well. Welcome back, dear readers! I hope you have enjoyed the beginning of the Legolas Edition. Let me know what you think of our favorite elven prince...