called again and launched himself upright, dropping the quill and setting to herding the unruly papers on the floor. Light chased across the rug, briefly setting aflame the edges of parchment littered about. Faramir leaned over from where he knelt and twitched a dispatch from under the desk. "Yes, my lord!" the chamberlain replied breathlessly and paused at the sight of his prince on hands and knees on the floor. "Come in, man, come in!" Faramir urged and waved him toward the wall sconces. "Light the lamps and let us force some order on this chaos!" He tossed a handful of documents onto the desk. "Where is my clerk?" he called from under the table. "I know not, my lord," the man answered and blinked slow, wide eyes in his pale face, dumbfounded. His Lord Denethor had never acted such. "Well, find him, Willelmus!" came the Steward's muffled voice from beneath the marble table. When the chamberlain backed a step and the whisper of slippers interrupted Faramir's attempt to yank an unfortunate parchment from under the table's clawed feet, he looked up. Willelmus stared at the narrow alley left between the Steward's boots and the hearth. "The lamps, Willelmus," he urged the alarmed man. Finding his voice, the chamberlain stiffened his spine. "Aye, my lord." Clearing his throat to strengthen his resolve, the chamberlain quickly slung his long sleeves about his wrists and delicately kilted his heavy robes about his knees. With mincing steps he navigated about and over his lord's feet with utmost care. Faramir rose from the floor, neatly avoiding striking his head on the edge of the desk, and shuffled the papers in his hands, turning them about to align their contents. "And a fire," the Steward commanded, nodding to the dark hearth and striding swiftly to his seat, absorbed in the topmost letter. "Aye, my lord." Willelmus twisted about and glanced from Steward to empty andirons, starting forward and then, seeming startled by the streaming flame from the taper in his hand, recalled himself. Faramir peered at the dim lines before him. "And call for food!" he ordered, abruptly aware of the protests of an empty stomach. "Aye, my lord," the chamberlain puffed, reaching high to tip the taper into one of the many oil lamps lining the chamber. At the hiss and catch of flame, he scurried to the next. The spitting of the oil softened to a whisper and the chamber brightened slowly. The Steward reached for his quill and, after a quick dip in the inkwell, scratched his approval upon the form, only to frown at the blank space his nib left in its wake. "Ah! Willelmus, bring me ink! There!" He gestured peremptorily over the stack of slates to a cabinet on the opposite wall. The chamberlain followed the Steward's arm to the far side of the chamber. The man gave a slight sigh and, carefully holding the taper away from his robes, darted across the floor, trailing thin smoke behind him. He rummaged in the shelves before twisting about and careening to the table. Coming to an abrupt halt behind his prince's right elbow, Willelmus gently placed the silver well precisely within Faramir's reach. "There you are, my lord," he wheezed, pink spots rising to the surface of his fine cheeks. The chamberlain bowed, tilting the lit taper in his hand over the marble. The man's eyebrows shot up in alarm and he snaked out a thin hand to catch the stream of melted wax before it spilled upon the documents his lord was shuffling on his desk, grimacing at the slight pain. Oblivious, Faramir tipped a letter to the light the better to scan its contents. He reached absently for the cup at the corner of his desk and lifted it to his lips. "Thank you, Willelmus." "My pleasure, my lord." The chamberlain bowed, wincing. The Steward looked up in surprise at the wan, moon-like features that hovered over him. "Willelmus! My clerk!" he prompted. "Where is he?" The chamberlain blinked, at a loss for a more coherent reply. "Come, man!" Faramir urged his chamberlain as the man scurried to the wall to finish at least one of the tasks set for him, straining upon the tips of his toes to reach the oil lamp. "We will not know fear! We will not know pain! Whether by sword or by pen, we will thrash the hordes into submission! We have 'til daybreak and no more!" "Move, man, move!" Faramir barked and the chamberlain picked up his robes with his free hand and frankly ran to the last lamp. Done, Willelmus pinched at the taper's wick and glanced surreptitiously at the man behind the marble desk. The Steward glared back and forth between two sets of lists but remained silent. With his relief evident upon his face, Willelmus turned for the door and freedom from his lord's demands. "Wait!" Faramir called to the chamberlain's back, struck by the meaning of the missive beneath his gaze. The man froze in place. "Get me the Captain of the Guard! Never mind if he's at his meat, have him bring it with!" The chamberlain whirled about, his skirts twisting around his knees, and puffed out a great gust of air. "My lord Faramir!" Willelmus exclaimed. "Will that be all?" Faramir looked upon the man with a preoccupied scowl. "Yes, of course, Willelmus," he said mildly and waved him out before picking up his quill. "Thank you, carry on." The man turned and fairly fled, the door clanking shut behind him. But his prince paid him no heed. With a satisfied thud, Faramir flattened the signed letter upon a blank of marble and turned his gaze to the piles to search out the next. And thus the Steward charged through the ranks of his foes with good and clear purpose. For the dawn promised a victory sweeter than all those that had gone before, its only victim, fear, and its prize, the human heart. oOo