stone in my hand. She closed my fingers around it and turned back the way she came. Once she left, I looked at the stone sitting in my palm. I brought it up to my lips and whispered, "I offer my life for hers. She deserves to live in my place." Immediately, I felt a painful sensation near my abdomen and then slipped into darkness. REGULAR POV You could hear voices around you. You couldn't see anything, but you could hear indistinct voices, like they were underwater. You tried opening my eyes a few times, but couldn't manage to. As time went on, the voices got clearer, and your eyelids got lighter. Finally, you managed to open your eyes to a harsh white light. As your eyes adjusted, you discovered you were in a bed. Just as you were about to call out to someone, you were tackled by four extremely hyper bodies. "Oh my Valar, you're awake! EVERYONE, ARIADNE IS AWAKE!" Merry yelled by your ear. "Geez Merry, I just regained consciousness and you are already about to make me deaf." "Sorry." He said sheepishly. "Aww, come here!" You said while pulling them all in a group hug. You turned towards the door as you heard a deep chuckle. Aragorn stood by the door with Gandalf while Gimli pushed past them into the room. "Welcome back to Middle Earth, Ariadne." Aragorn said, saluting you. You saluted in return, "Good to be back, your majesty." Gandalf chuckled at you emphasis on the word majesty as Aragorn tried to unsuccessfully play it off. You were abruptly struck with a thought. "Where's Legolas?" You asked. Aragorn hesitated to answer causing your mind to reel. "Is he alright? What happened? Where is he?" You asked all in one breathe. "Will some please for all that is sacred tell m-" You stopped your rant when you heard a familiar laugh coming from the hall behind Aragorn. Aragorn stepped aside to reveal Legolas Greenleaf. "Legolas!" You tried to get up, but were held back by Frodo. "Now, there is no need to strain yourself, you have all the time in the world." He scolded, fondly. You sat back as Legolas walked over to your bed. He cleared his throat, "Can Ariadne and I have a moment alone?" As soon as he finished the sentence, everyone was leaving the room, smiles and smirks plastered on their faces As soon as he was in arms reach, you tackled him in a hug. "Where were you? Why did Aragorn not tell me where you were?" You asked. Legolas hesitated before answering, "I was speaking with Galadriel." He said ominously. "About?" You questioned. "You." He answered. You were silent for a while, a blank look adorning your face. "What? Why?" "Well, you see, the circumstances of your healing weren't exactly…typical." "How?" "Well, you actually died to put it simply." A look of sadness flashed over his face before he continued on," When you did, Galadriel offered me a choice. Let you die or offer my life for yours. The fates decided that it was a noble sacrifice and granted the return of your life. And when some of my lifespan went into yours, you changed a bit as well." "How? I don't feel any different." "Since my life span is that of an immortal elf's, yours became one as well. You are now an elf." You hands flew up to your ears and felt your now pointy ears. You sat silently for a few minutes. Legolas started to get worried. "Aria-." You cut him off "Now I can't claim man is the superior race!" You exclaimed dramatically, pouting. Legolas smiled widely, "At least you have fabulous hair now." You laughed and then started staring at him. This time you didn't lose your nerve as you leaned forward and kissed him. He stiffened in surprise, but then kissed back, pulling you tightly against him. One of his arms went to cup the back of your neck while the other rested on your hip. You smiled into the kiss as you moved your hands up to run your hands through his soft, elven hair. "I love you." He whispered as you pulled away. "I kind of figured that." You said, smirking. He rolled his eyes and pulled out a small box. "In elven culture, we all have an object which our immortality is held in." He continued nervously, "And as a tradition, when we find the one we wish to be with our entire lives, we entrust them with our object and vow to protect it the rest of our lives as a sign if trust and commitment." He opened the box, which was holding a silver ring embedded with a small green stone. You were speechless. Legolas started ranting, "You don't have to if you aren't ready for this, I mean, I don't want you to feel obligated to accept. And also there is the responsibility of being queen eventually and you being new to this elf thing and I shouldn't have asked, that was unfa-." Suddenly, it became hard for him to ramble on when you cut him off with another kiss. Once you pulled away, you said, " Please, pretty boy, I'm always up for a challenge." Hey guys! I'm so happy I'm receiving such good feedback from you guys thank you do much! Now, I forgot to mention that originally, this was going to be a one shot of a Legolas, but I've had people ask for me to update the new chapter. I just wanted to know if you guys think this story is fine as it is or if you want a continuation and any ideas or suggestions you guys have as a continuation? Also, if any if you have a one shot or story request, just check out my page to check what fandoms I am knowledgeable about and message me with details you might want and I'll get back to you! Thanks! -Alex