sparkling and fragmenting... Éowyn awoke, her breath coming in ragged gasps, blood throbbing in her veins and rushing in her ears, the delirious aftermath leaving her in no doubt that her body had responded every bit as much as her mind to the images her subconscious had conjured. Oh mercy, it is only a matter of hours before I have to face her. ~o~O~o~ With feet like lead, Éowyn approached the garden. "Let us take tea together tomorrow morning," Lothíriel had said yesterday. But yesterday was a million ages past, ages before the dream. How could Éowyn look her friend in the face without a flush of her cheeks bearing witness to her hidden thoughts? But when she rounded the box hedge and came upon Lothíriel, sitting on the bench beside the low stone table, all fears vanished. Her friend looked up at her with an open, guileless smile, and Éowyn's fears fled like dew beneath the morning sun, replaced simply by happiness to be in her company. The servant had laid an excellent meal – tea, drop scones, saffron cake, fruit. The two women sat in companionable silence and ate, then, having eaten their fill, fell to talking of anything and everything, from deep matters of state to trivial nonsense, such as whether coal black horses had a character as black as their pelt. "You know, I had the strangest dream last night." Éowyn's hand flew to her mouth. Had she uttered the sentence she feared most? Then she realised with a start that the words had fallen from Lothíriel's lips, not her own. But Lothíriel seemed not to notice, and continued, her voice light-hearted. "You know how it is with a new admirer. They invite you for a walk, in the garden, or in the park, one's chaperone following at a discreet but safe distance. And they offer you their arm, and there is this awkward moment where the two of you try to learn how to match the length of your steps one to another..." Éowyn looked at Lothíriel, feeling completely nonplussed by the conversation, but a little relieved that it was Lothíriel's strange, though fortunately inconsequential dream they were talking about. "Except that in this dream, the would be beau who offered me the crook of their arm was you! Was that not strange beyond imagining?" Lothíriel gave a tinkling laugh, but the smile did not reach her eyes. Her grey eyes, filled with keen intelligence, met Éowyn's with a steady, questioning gaze, a gaze which was almost a challenge. And for the first time in her life, Éowyn ducked the challenge. She conjured up a laugh, which even to her own ears sounded false. "Oh, what a strange fancy. I find that the images my mind conjures are often of the strangest fancies, bearing no resemblance to the real world. It seems that yours are the same." For a moment, she thought she saw a flicker of pain and sadness cross Lothíriel's face. Then, legs twining into their customary cork-screw, Lothíriel also laughed, a laugh which Éowyn recognised as every bit as forced as her own had been. "Quite! After all – two maids. How ridiculous." ~o~O~o~ Éowyn spent the next few days cursing herself. Whatever the rights and wrongs of her desires, it seemed that Lothíriel shared them and, in an act of supreme courage, had offered Éowyn an opening to pay her court. And in an act of supreme cowardice, Éowyn had pretended not to notice. And now Lothíriel, presumably feeling both rejected and embarrassed, was avoiding her. She had not been to the houses for the past four days. Éowyn felt herself getting gradually more and more dejected. "You do not take your midday meal with my cousin any more?" Faramir's voice interrupted her reverie. "No, I think she is too busy with the running of the city." "Ah, we invalids are not the best of company," said Faramir, with his gentle smile. The same gentle smile as his cousin, Éowyn reflected. But how I miss her spikiness, her fire, her wit, her... everything... She took refuge in banter. "Just as well that Linneth does not think that..." At this, Faramir gave her a sharp look. Éowyn had a horrible feeling that he had read more parallels into her words than she had intended to reveal to him. He continued to look at her more thoughtfully, then looked down at his fingernails, ragged and uneven after a lifetime of soldiering. His voice was quiet. "I think I shall ask the warden to remind my cousin that part of the duty of a ruler is keeping morale up..." ~o~O~o~ That soft melodious voice. Oh, how she had missed it. "Why do you tarry here, Éowyn, and not go to join your brother in Cormallen?" Éowyn turned, feeling as though her heart was so full of happiness it was about to take flight. Half choking, she managed to say, "Do you not know?" "I have two answers – the one I fear, and the one I hope for. My fear is that you stay simply to avoid the Lord Aragorn. My hope..." Lothíriel stopped, for once appearing hesitant and uncertain. "You hope..." Éowyn took a couple of steps towards her, looking at her expectantly. Lothíriel's face bore a hesitant half-smile. "You hope perhaps that I stay for you?" "Yes." The word was barely a whisper, but the half-smile transformed into a look of radiant joy. And somehow no further words were needed. A few strides, and they met in the centre of the garden. Arms round each other, they embraced, and Éowyn found that they did indeed fit together as if they had been made for one another, their lips moulded to fit against the others. There was a soft gentleness in that first embrace, and yet implicit within the gentleness the promise of passion. And above all, a sense of homecoming, of being surrounded by a profound love, a love which would endure.