Nell's hair with out her even noticing the loss. He was almost envious of the next child who would play with it, whom Merry would teach to fly. Merry would make a wonderful father, just the right balance of seriousness and fun. Merry was courting now; no double Estelle would be here as soon as news reached her. Pippin swallowed. Somehow the thought brought a lump to his throat. He was used to being Merry's little Pippin, being looked after, guided and guarded over. Somehow he had thought that on their return to the Shire things would be the same as they had once been. Too much had changed. From the time when Gandalf had carried him away on Shadowfax, to the time he had been sent in search of Merry after he had helped to slay the Witch-King. He had been longing to be in Merry's protective embrace again but instead had found himself being the carer. He had got Merry to the Houses of Healing and there, during that long night when Merry nearly succumbed to the darkness he realised there was no going back. He did not like to think of all that had come after, the battle and the troll; Frodo and Sam being bought back. Then Frodo had woken and he too was changed. Feeling treacherous for being less than joyful at his cousin's restoration Pippin had cried that first night Frodo woke up. Merry had taken him into his arms and comforted him then. Then finally, under their very noses it seemed, Frodo had faded away. Vibrant Frodo, the weaver of tales, who had always had the storyteller's gift of holding back time. Time had caught up with him in the end and when Pippin looked too long into the fire he could see the white sail fading into the distance and the blur of tears in his eyes. More than anything he wished he could talk with Frodo one last time. Pippin stood up and eased the crick that was forming in his back. Merry was resting peacefully now. Considering for a moment, Pippin eased himself down onto the bed next to Merry and snuggled close so that he could bury his nose into bright curls. For Merry waking up was like swimming upstream against a strong current. It seemed to take him an age to reach the shore but slowly he became aware of the softness of the mattress beneath his body, the plump pillow upon which his aching head rested and the weight of a body next to his. He knew without opening his eyes that it was Pippin. They had curled up like this so often during the years. And the smell of cider apples was strong in his nose. Merry did open his eyes and turned his head. Pippin was buried face first into the pillow. Merry smiled. How Pippin slept like that with out suffocating he did not know. Merry must have made some sound because Pippin shifted and a bright green eye opened. "O, you're awake," Pippin yawned and stretched like a cat in front of the hearth. Merry winced as he heard bones cracking. "How do you feel?" "Better," said Merry. "I'd better go see about some breakfast then," Pippin was up, matter of factly. Merry envied Pippin, who never seemed to have an in-between state – he was either awake or asleep. It took Merry longer to wake up, especially now, when his head ached and innumerable small pains were making themselves felt throughout his body. "Um.." Merry shifted uncomfortably. "Pip, before you go…" Pippin looked blank for a moment but then enlightenment dawned. "Right ho! Bed pan or privy?" He asked matter of factly. "Privy," said Merry decidedly. Pippin flung back the bed covers and then sat on the side of the bed, getting one arm under Merry and helping him to ease upright. They took it slowly with much wincing on Merry's part. Eventually he gained his feet with most of his weight propped up on Pippin. "Off we go," Pippin was far too chipper in the mornings. "Seems like we've done this before." "Yes, but we were both drunk then," Merry replied, he was looking pale again and most unsteady on his feet. "Let me know if you're going to puke," Pippin chirped. "Pippin!" Merry could only groan. They were out into the corridor now, which was thankfully deserted and they gained the privy with no one appearing. "I'll just prop you up then shall I?" Pip seemed to be enjoying Merry's discomfiture. "Well, I certainly don't need you to hold it for me!" was Merry's retort. He hated feeling so helpless and, truth was, he did think he might be sick again. "That's good," said Pip, "Cause I need to go myself." Merry opted for standing; he didn't think he would be able to get up again once seated. He felt stiff and bruised all over as though the previous day had involved some strenuous activity rather than just sitting on pony back – and being stuck by lightning. He finished his business and staggered the few paces to the basin whilst Pippin was still involved. It was there he got his first look into a mirror. "Pippin!" Hastily rebuttoning Pippin appeared a look of concern on his face at the distressed tons in his cousins voice. "Merry, what's wrong? Are you going to be sick?" "Look at me!" cried Merry. "What did they do to me? Estella will be here today – and look at my hair!" Pippin looked. About one quarter of Merry's hair had been cut short where it had been singed, another quarter, at the back, was lying flat and straight from where he had been lying on it, the third quarter was hidden behind bandaged and the rest stood up on end. It did look very funny! Pippin shorted, he sniggered, and then he burst out laughing. "It does look very stupid," he finally opined. End