accompany you?" Aragorn stood up. "Your help would be most appreciated." He nearly stumbled but Imrahil caught him and supported his weight. "Thank you." Imrahil nodded. When they were at the camp, Aragorn turned to Imrahil. "Promise that you'll send for me when he wakes. I wish to speak with him." Imrahil hesitated. "Imrahil." He nodded and led the ashen-faced man to his bed. Imrahil knew that he should be with Aragorn, in the Council of Captains, but he wanted to stay with his nephew until he was forced to leave. He wanted to be there when he woke up. For now, his skin was still a sickly pale color and his breathing was still much labored. It wasn't very likely that he would wake before Imrahil left for the Last Battle. Imrahil was loath to leave his nephew to come-to alone. He didn't even know if he wasn't going to live through the battle. His own sons shared the same possible fate. Faramir had already lost his mother, brother, and now father. It would break his heart to lose his uncle and cousins, too. That would leave him with only Lothíriel, Imrahil's daughter. Imrahil held his breath as Faramir turned his head slightly. He gave a small moan, and then fell silent once more. Imrahil let out his breath. His nephew wasn't going to wake today, but he felt as if Faramir could feel his uncle's presence, and so Imrahil stayed where he was. Imrahil mounted his grey charger, Cloudtide, and rode over to Aragorn's side. Imrahil noted with relief that the man looked much better than he did two days ago. It seemed that a little rest and a few full meals could do wonders. As they rode off towards the Black Gate of Mordor, Imrahil felt a shadow set itself over his heart. Faramir saw a small light ahead. He smiled. He was going back. He was going to live. This nightmare was drawing to a close. This endless wandering through dark clouds and no moon to see by. The constant reliving of the worst moments of his life. His father's wrath; the shrill cry of the Nazgûsl-lord; the terror of living through the retreat again; the slow, painful visions that came to him when they were least wanted. No trees to provide comforting presences of security. No night sounds to tell you that some living things could still lead a normal life. The light grew brighter and filled him with hope. A hope that all would be right again, that this war would end. It filled his vision now and was still growing. His eyes saw colors, no more endless darkness. Faramir started to move towards it, each step lighter than the first. He reached out his hands to embrace it, to embrace his fate. The light flashed and he became blinded for a moment and then started to come out of his unconscious state… For a moment, all was dark and Faramir wondered if he was now blind or if he was still in his living nightmare. But, slowly, the world started to appear. First they were blurred outlines, then they took shape, and then color returned to the objects around him. He tried to turn his head to figure out where he was, but a sudden dizziness shot through him and his head pounded. Faramir closed his eyes against the pounding in his head and waited for the pain to subside and then opened his eyes again slowly. This time the dizziness didn't come. This time he could turn his head slowly and look around the room he was in. He was in the Houses of Healing. Why? Flashes of a battle went through his head. A charge. A hopeless cause. Pain. Faramir winced as his chest burned with the memory. There was an arrow. He remembered that now. He had failed. He flinched at the memory of his father's last words to him before he rode out on a suicide mission. A suicide mission he had survived. How? More flashes went across his eyes. A man with piercing grey eyes and a commanding voice. His King. His family! Love brought him back. The King again. A light. Life. His life.. Faramir opened his eyes. His breathing was quick. He looked around but no one was in the room. He shuddered. He was alone. Maybe he wasn't alive. Maybe he was still dead, or in the land in-between. But just then, the door clicked open and a woman walked in carrying a tray with different medicinal concoctions on it. The woman looked over at him and, realizing that he was awake, immediately smiled. "My Lord Faramir. You are awake at last! The Warden will be glad to hear of it." She poured one of the concoctions into a cup and fed it to him. Faramir sniffed it first, as the Healers were prone to giving him sleeping potions. As far as he could tell, there wasn't anything in it besides the normal spices and herbs. Faramir's hands couldn't hold the cup on his own. The woman had to hold it for him and pour it into his mouth. Once he had drunk it all, he steeled himself for the assumed agony of speaking. "Where is the King?" His throat was scratchy and his voice was hoarse, but it wasn't the pain he had expected. "He is riding to the Black Gates, my Lord," the woman answered. "The Lord Imrahil, Éomer King, and the Rangers of the North ride with him. They ride to war. No one believes that they will return. 'Tis amazing that one who can wield a sword can also have the hand of a Healer." Faramir nodded. He had expected as much. He feared for his Uncle, though, as he was the last of his family still alive. He had lost his mother to illness, his brother to fate, and his father to madness. Would he lose his uncle to war?