provoked such a strong emotion? Elrond shook his head mentally, deciding to worry about it later. "That is no burden at all, Elrond. I am your best friend." Erestor settled down comfortably on the ground beside Elrond, still holding his hand. It felt so good to be around someone who knew him down to the core of his soul. The one thing that he did not know, the one thing that he could never find out, was what happened last night. That was not for Elrond to hear, that was never for Elrond to hear. Elrond smiled once more as he felt a healing sleep descending on him. The last thing he saw before he drifted off into a peaceful, dreamless sleep was the smile of the only elf that he had truly loved. Glorfindel was, in a way, scared to enter the camp. He had seen how badly injured Elrond was and it was hardly impossible that Elrond was dead. If he stayed out here, though, he would never have to know one way or the other. On the other hand, though, Erestor was in the camp, and if Elrond was dead, Erestor might need him again. Then another thing occurred to him. If Elrond was alive, where did that put his and Erestor's relationship? He shook his head. He and Erestor did not have a relationship; they had slept together the night after they had thought one of their closest friends had died. It was completely different. But he knew that he was just kidding himself when he thought of that. The sex might have been purely to console each other, but the events of the next morning had not been. That was ultimately what made up Glorfindel's mind. Either way, he had someone in the camp that cared about him and that would want to see him again. Dismounting from his horse and handing it to another elf, he wandered into camp. First, he checked Erestor's tent, which was devoid of Erestor. Then he went back to his tent to change and clean up a little. Erestor was also not there. The next place he could think of to look would be the healing area. It took him a while to find it, but once he did, he saw Erestor and Elrond immediately. They were sitting, talking happily, Elrond leaning on Erestor, whose arm was loosely around Elrond's waist. A surge of jealousy pulsed through him, but he had seen the two like this before. He knew by now that they were no more than friends, yet bonded in a way that Glorfindel knew that he would never be able to achieve with Elrond. "Elrond, 'tis good to see that you did survive." Elrond looked up at him and stood up shakily. Erestor was on his feet in an instant, steadying Elrond. "Mellon, I hear that you saved my life. Another debt I owe you, I suppose." He found immense comfort in Glorfindel's arms, but there was a connection that Elrond liked to feel with his lovers that he did not feel with Glorfindel. On more than one occasion, Elrond had wondered if Erestor was the better choice for him, but Erestor had never indicated that he had any interest in him, so Elrond had not pressed the matter. "It is as much Erestor as me, Elrond. We are both here for you, you know that." Glorfindel wrapped his arms around the slightly shorter elf, finally feeling at peace again. He kissed the top of Elrond's head. "I am so glad to see that you are alive, Elrond." He looked up and caught Erestor's eye. To his surprise, Erestor did not appear the slightest bit bitter. He appeared to accept this for what it was, and accept last night for a one-night stand. There were more months of tedious battles whose outcomes were already determined. The orcs had no power now that Sauron had been defeated, but they fought because there was nothing else for them to do. Neither Glorfindel nor Elrond sustained any injuries in these battles, though Erestor took a slight wound to the head and was out of the action for nearly a month. Finally, though, it was all over. No one was sure how long it would be before evil re-emerged, for the story of the failed destruction of the One Ring had circulated pretty well among the elves, though most of the Men refused to believe that it was true. Elrond welcomed any that chose to come back with him to Imladris. The group set out in the winter and arrived at Imladris just as spring was breaking. It was Elrond's favorite time of year, and they could all tell that he was glad to be back here, in the place that he loved. Though he would never admit it, Erestor was sickeningly jealous of the relationship between Glorfindel and Elrond. It was hard for Erestor to maintain the same kind of friendship that he had had with Elrond before, and he soon stopped trying. Elrond attributed it to the horrors of war, but Glorfindel sensed that he knew the truth. Glorfindel was torn. He loved Elrond dearly, but his single night with Erestor had awakened emotions in him that he had not even known existed. Elrond was mostly oblivious to this, though he did try to figure it out. Both Glorfindel and Erestor seemed more distant than they had before he had disappeared. He had questioned both about it, but both had been very reluctant to answer his questions. Eventually, he dropped the matter, and accepted the fact that he would never again be quite as close to Erestor as before. Everything remained in a happy balance for millennia. Elrond eventually bonded with Celebrian in order to produce heirs. He had three children, Elladan, Elrohir, and Arwen. They were all quite young and life could not be happier in Imladris. But, as always, good things must come to an end. TBC…