Éomund's daughter. "Of course I did!" Gúthwyn assured her, astonished that there had been any shred of doubt. "Or rather, I will, as soon as Cobryn puts my response to the parchment." "Thank you!" Haiweth exclaimed. Her curls flew in all directions as she eagerly bounced up and down, still clutching the letter in her hand. Gúthwyn laughed. "Is life looking better now, little one?" she queried. "Will the old Haiweth return?" Haiweth nodded vigorously. "And Alwyn does not have the fever anymore!" she announced. "His mother said that he and Eafwen can play with me tomorrow!" Alwyn and Eafwen were two of her cohorts—as Éomer affectionately referred to them—always ready to start a rambunctious game of tag or partake in various kinds of mischief. They had been bedridden for the past week, sick with a particularly vicious strain of the cold that Gúthwyn was just waiting to contract. Although Haiweth's renewed interactions with the siblings would likely hasten that process, Gúthwyn was glad that the girl had at last found something to cheer her up. "Shall I leave you to write a letter to Alphros?" she inquired, beaming. Haiweth nodded. "I am going to draw him a picture," she decided. "He likes horses. May I draw Sceoh?" Gúthwyn informed her that she could, though not without feeling a small pang of regret. Elfhelm, Sceoh's previous owner, had agreed to exercise her horse while she was unable to, and already Gúthwyn could sense that her progress with the animal had receded drastically. Sceoh now stamped his feet in fear when she stepped inside his stall; despite the fact that she could do nothing but talk to him, he was perpetually anxious, and calmed down only when she had put a safe distance between them. Well, what did you expect? she asked herself a moment later, having taken her leave of Haiweth. She stared at the ground as she walked, silently focusing all of her frustration on the stone paneling. You know he had only just gotten accustomed to your touch. Being returned to Elfhelm certainly did not help matters. " Baby sister." The way the words were spat out, a foul-tasting disease upon the mouth of the speaker, told Gúthwyn that it was not Éomer who had hailed her. Repressing the urge to groan, Éomund's daughter came to a halt and glanced up, meeting Lothíriel's eyes. "What?" she snapped, barely restraining herself from sounding as irritated as she felt. "Why is my father writing to you?" the queen demanded, her voice low so as not to attract the attention of anyone in the throne room—which, Gúthwyn noticed wistfully, was only ten feet away. The sooner she ended this conversation, the better. "The same reason he writes to you," Gúthwyn said tersely, jutting out her chin in defiance. "He likes to remain in touch." "Your reputation cannot withstand another blow," Lothíriel warned her, dangerously quiet. "If I were you, I would not add being dishonest to your list of unfortunate character traits." Struggling to reign in her temper, reminding herself that Lothíriel had a reason to be as unpleasant as she was, Gúthwyn said only, "I have told you the truth." "I was not born yesterday," Lothíriel snapped, "but you clearly were if you think I will swallow that lie. Why would Imrahil, Prince of Dol Amroth, wish to correspond with Gúthwyn, a whore who added his youngest son to her list of conquests?" "You—" "There you two are!" "Gúthy!" Both women jumped, Lothíriel recovering the quickest and turning to her husband with a perfect smile on her face. "Éomer, forgive me, am I late to the council?" "We are about to start," Éomer said. "Sister, are you all right?" For Gúthwyn's face was pale, her fists clenched. "Give me Gúthy," Elfwine ordered, ignorant of his aunt's demeanor. He pushed at his father's chest and pointed at the object of his attentions. "Gúthy now!" "Gúthwyn?" Éomer pressed, hushing his son when she did not answer. Lothíriel's face was exquisitely mask-like as he drew closer. "I am fine," Gúthwyn said, exhaling deeply to expel the rush of memories that had temporarily overcome her. She could not, would not think of what Amrothos had done to her. "Shall I take Elfwine?" Éomer nodded. "A thousand thanks, baby sister," he murmured, lowering the child to the ground. "Can you walk to your aunt, Elfwine?" "Gúthy!" Elfwine shrieked, toddling towards Éomund's daughter with his arms outstretched. He did not even look at his mother, whose face was carved of trembling stone. Despite briefly wondering what it was like to be ignored by one's own son, Gúthwyn could not dwell long on the matter when faced with an adorable baby who was clamoring for her attention. Crouching down, she swept Elfwine into as tight a hug as she was able to without the use of her hands. "Hello, little one," she murmured into a mass of soft, dark locks. "What do you want to do today?" Elfwine grinned. As Éomer bade them farewell and departed with Lothíriel for the council meeting, he pulled back from Gúthwyn slightly so that he could look directly into her eyes. "I love you," he said proudly, evidently pleased with himself for remembering the right words. Gúthwyn's breath caught in her throat, and she felt the beginnings of a melting heart. Why was it getting so difficult to see her nephew? "Effine love Gúthy." The adamant declaration was accompanied by him sticking out his tongue. Éomer was too far away to have heard, but Lothíriel had not yet entered the great hall. In that moment she halted, turning around slowly to behold Éomund's daughter embracing her firstborn child. Neither her rival nor her son noticed that they were being observed; their attentions were devoted solely to the other, to the exclusion of everyone else. "I love Gúthy," Elfwine repeated then, confirming what the queen had dreaded. "I love you, too, little one," Gúthwyn whispered as Lothíriel swept out of the corridor.