would share them. "I was scared, at first," Legolas said finally, love of his father defeating out his fear, "but then I didn't even care. I had no idea how long I had been there, and I could only assume that I would never leave that place. I started hoping that they would lose control and kill me one of the times they were beating me. I never really gave up, but I certainly stopped trying, stopped hoping," he glanced at his father for a moment before dropping his gaze, "I did not think that you would come." "Legolas, I will never abandon you, never ." "I know that. I have no doubt of it now, but then… I was so alone, Ada, I could not give up because I kept thinking of you and mother, but after awhile I was not even certain that you would come. I had no idea how long I was there. I could not see the sun or the moon, it was always dark. It was always cold. I survived what happened, I know that, I beat that, but coming back… I never imagined that it would be this hard. It is all of the little things, the simple comforts of life that I used to take for granted and that I cannot even comprehend anymore." "My son, I am sure that this is not what you want to hear, but it really will just take time. But I can promise you this, you will no longer have to face this alone." Legolas nodded, "I know, but I just want things to go back to the way they were before. I should not feel like a stranger in my own home." "You certainly should not. Legolas, your mother and I love you more than I can tell you, and you will never be a stranger here; this is your home. I am sorry, though, I should have known how difficult this would be for you. When we found you…well, I have never seen an elf so close to death live. When you woke up and actually knew who I was for the first time, this ordeal was over for me. But for you, it had just entered a new stage. I have been a captive before, Legolas, but never for so long as this. I do not know what I can say that will make this better for you, but I will always be here for you; I will always be ready and willing to listen. Do not shut me or your mother and friends out Legolas, we all are worried for you." "Thank you, ada," Legolas said quietly. Nothing had really changed during their conversation, but he did feel better. He felt less alone, and he was grateful to his father for reaching out to him. "Come, let's go home before the guards find out that we're missing," he said with a smile, offering his son a hand up. They walked back to the palace in silence. Falling into old habits, Legolas jumped into the tree that grew outside his window and climbed back up. Thranduil looked up at him dubiously for a moment, then just shook his head and followed, "There is a door, you know." "Sorry," Legolas said sheepishly, "old habits…they're comforting right now." He hesitated before his bed, still uncertain about sleeping; he knew that nightmares did not leave simply because one talked about them. Thranduil saw Legolas' apprehension, "Sleep, I will watch over you tonight." Something about his father's presence calmed him, and he fell into a deep and long sleep like he had not had for years. o-o-o-o Six months later… Legolas checked his bag one last time, making sure that he had everything that he needed. He was going out on patrol again for the first time since his captivity. This one was much shorter; he only planned on being gone for about eight weeks. He had spent the last months training and rebuilding his strength, and he felt ready. He felt as though this was the last step in getting back to normal. Patrol was the only part of his life that he had yet to resume. He was about to leave when his father walked into his room, "You weren't planning on leaving without saying goodbye, were you?" Legolas smiled, "I thought that you had council meetings all day today." "I do, but this is more important," Thranduil said, pulling his son into a hug, "Be careful, Legolas." "I will; I will return before you know it." Thranduil sighed, "No you won't, until you return my perceptions of time will likely be undeniably mortal in nature, but you are ready and I cannot keep you safely in these walls forever, as much as I may want to." Legolas looked at his father seriously, "I will be careful, and I will see you soon." "I know, I know. Safe journey, my son," Thranduil said as Legolas left. Thranduil watched the warriors go from his son's bedroom window. He was proud of the confidence with which Legolas led his men. He was naturally worried for him, more this time than usual. It felt as it had the first time he had watched his son ride out on a patrol. Legolas would do his job admirably, Thranduil had no doubt, and Thranduil would wait for him and be there for him when he got home. o-o-o-o Legolas paused when he reached the gates. "Is everything well, Legolas?" his lieutenant asked him. Legolas looked at him and smiled, "Everything is just fine." And it was. He nudged his horse on again and left the palace behind him. With those few steps, he felt like he had finally regained control of his life, and that things were finally back to normal. The End o-o-o-o Well, that's all for now… I'd love to get your reaction to the story and any constructive criticism that you might have. Thanks for reading! Andolin