it. That's okay , he thought. I have family here, and Uncle Bilbo wants to see me through this. I'll…I'll get through it…eventually. "Now, have some more apple juice, Frodo," Bilbo said, pouring some more from the pitcher into Frodo's cup. "Are you hungry? Shall I call for lunch to be brought?" Frodo's stomach suddenly growled at the mention of food. He hadn't eaten much the past few days, especially by Hobbit standards. His body was starting to protest the lack of adequate nourishment, and the thought of lunch with his uncle was a very welcome concept. "Thank you, Uncle," he said, his face noticeably brightening. "I would like that very much." Frodo sighed, withdrawing from his memories, finding himself back in his room at Bag End. He had had his first glimmer of hope his first day at Brandy Hall, and remembering it had helped to lighten his mood. He had gotten over it eventually…for the most part at least. Now, in the waning years of his minority, he found himself with as much lust for life as any other Hobbit, just like his uncle had said. Every year on this day, however, his mood took a turn for the worse, whether he wanted it to or not. Some years it was worse than others, while some years it seemed as if he had almost conquered his annual mourning. It was like a ritual, as if his spirit was dampened on this day simply because of what the calendar said. He knew he was beginning to be seen as "odd", just like his uncle, but he doubted anyone knew just how "odd" he was. It was not in Hobbit nature to dwell on sorrows long past, and for the first few times it occurred, Frodo thought something was wrong with him. He had learned to roll with it, however, and every year on September thirtieth, he largely secluded himself, riding out the melancholia as peacefully and easily as he could. "Mister Frodo?" a voice suddenly said from the door, making him look up. Sam stood there, some flowerpots in his arms. Frodo realized belatedly that the pots that decorated his windowsill were gone, and the flowers in the ones Sam was holding were just like the ones that usually stood above his bed. Sam must have been outside, transferring the flowers to larger pots to allow them to continue growing. They had been starting to overcrowd their little homes, after all. "Hello, Sam," Frodo smiled softly, greeting his longtime friend. "Are you all right?" the gardener asked, concern on his face and in his voice. "You looked so sad just now, like you had lost someone dear to you." "I'm okay," Frodo replied, his smile brightening somewhat. "Just feeling a bit moody." Sam seemed to accept that, yet still looked concerned. Bag End's younger occupant had always seemed more thoughtful and quiet than most other Hobbits, and it wasn't unheard of for him to fall into long stretches of eerie silence when he thought no one was looking. Sam had learned to read Frodo's demeanor over the years, however, and knew the difference between a simple quiet spell and genuine moodiness. Sam crossed the room to the windowsill and placed the flowerpots in their proper places. He then turned and looked Frodo in the face. "You'll tell me if you're ever really hurting, won't you, Mister Frodo?" Frodo smiled again. "I will. I promise." He reached up and flicked a stray bit of hair out of his eyes. "But don't worry about me right now. I'm fine." Sam nodded, returning Frodo's smile, if a little muted. He lingered for a moment, as if waiting to see if Frodo had anything else to say, then eventually went out, leaving his employer alone again. Frodo sighed and leaned back against the headboard. Don't worry about me, Sam , he thought, echoing his earlier words. I don't want to burden you with my problems. He felt bad about making the other Hobbit worry, but that's just how Sam was. The gardener cared a lot about his friends, and when one of them was unhappy, he was unhappy. The young Baggins looked over to his bedside table, finding a book lying there. He had been reading it by candlelight the evening before, taking time to relax before settling down for the night. A ribbon stuck out from the pages, marking the place he had left off. Reaching over and picking the book up, he rested it in his lap and opened it, continuing the story again from where he had stopped. I'll be fine tomorrow… End Author's Notes: Thus ends my first LotR fanfic. I hope I didn't make Frodo too angsty in this. Like I said in the story, though, it's very rare for Hobbits to die untimely deaths—especially a violent death like drowning—so the shock of losing both his parents to such a tragedy hit Frodo especially hard. I tried to portray that without going overboard, as well as include a candle of hope near the end. Only you guys can tell me if I did all right, though. I'm a little too close to the situation to give myself an accurate critique. I'm trying to break myself out of a dry spell and continue with a long-running multi-chapter I have going, and this is one of my little exercises aimed at getting my writing muscles back into shape. As a result, this story might seem a little rusty. I'm sorry if that's the case. Anyway, let me know what you think of this. I don't write just to get feedback, but it is a nice bonus to hear people's reactions to my work. Both positive and negative feedback is welcomed, as long as the negative feedback has some form of constructive value to it. Outright flames will be printed out and shot into the sun. …and if you know who I paraphrased that from, you are so full of win.