she?" Denethor muttered, "a bit plain, I suppose, but she looks like she has double the brains the rest of them do." "Father, that's not one of the women I picked out. She was a girl we met in a small community on the edge of Anórien. I'm sorry." Faramir moved to grab the paper out of his father's hand, but Denethor resisted. "So she's just a peasant?" He asked, frowning at the picture. "In so many words...yes," Faramir nodded, "a healer, actually. She can't be but twenty winters old, but she leads her people." "This is the one I want," Denethor waved the picture, his face stern. "But father, you can't be serious. She's so young...and poor. I have a selection of many other young women that-" "I said this is the one that I want. If I'm going to have to suffer through being married to some girl for the next ten years before I die, I'd like her to be the one that I pick!" Faramir felt sick. "I don't think she will be interested, father." Denethor scoffed, "she doesn't have much of a choice. Fetch her. She will be my bride, whether she wishes it or not." "Yes father," Faramir bowed his head and left the room. He commanded one of his rangers to ready the horses. His heart was racing. There was no way that Nettle would agree to this, and he was afraid of what would happen if she didn't. As he walked to the stables, he passed Boromir, a heavy look on his face. "What troubles you, brother?" Faramir inquired. Boromir smiled weakly and waved his brother's concern away. "Oh...nothing, just a message from an elf from Rivendell." "Rivendell? What did they want," Faramir frowned. "My seat at a council they are to hold this October. I will tell you more later." Boromir hurried off, still seeming conflicted and shocked. Faramir ignored it and set off to the refugee. It would take him at least a day's ride to get there. Nettle was setting a wound on an elderly lady when she heard the sound of horses' hooves. She frowned, thinking that she may have misheard it. Sometimes rangers wandered through, or men traveling to Minas Tirith. But she hadn't heard the sounds of horses since her encounter with Faramir. She hadn't thought about that visit in a while, and she'd lost the portrait the artist had drawn of her, which had lead her to give up thinking about Faramir and his company. There was no use dreaming of a different life. Her place was with her people. "Why don't you hurry home and rest, and I'll check on that tomorrow," Nettle told the woman, giving her a small reassuring smile. She then grabbed her cloak, and made her way outside of her tent. She hadn't misheard, and was surprised to see three large horses, and soldiers from Minas Tirith, bounding into their refuge. She made her way closer, and the horses stopped in their tracks. The first soldier stepped off his horse and removed his helmet. "Faramir!" Nettle gasped, thinking that she could almost hug him, "What brings you here?" Faramir set his lips quite tightly, giving her a hesitant look. He was hiding something from her. "Is something wrong?" "I'm here bearing news." "Good or bad?" "That is entirely up to you," the Captain sighed. Nettle lead him back to her tent. "What news would concern me?" She wondered aloud, "I was certain that you'd forgotten about me by now." "A hard thing to do, considering what I have to say." "Well, tell me already!" "You left your portrait with us." Nettle nodded slowly, "yes, I did. I didn't mean to. But surely you didn't come all this way to tell me that." "I showed my father all the portraits, and he came across yours." Nettle laughed nervously, "was he cross?" "I thought he would be, but," Faramir took a deep breath, "rather he was quite interested in you." "Me?" "Yes, he found you rather refreshing, and he's asked me to take you with me, to...be his bride." Nettle's eyes widened, a feat that seemed nearly impossible, given how large they already were. Her hands clenched into fists. "WHAT?!" "Think about it...you would have food and shelter and access to anything you want! We have our very own apothecary, and I could teach you how to ride horses. Minas Tirith is a beautiful city." "Well I wouldn't mind going for a visit, but there is no way that I am marrying your father- the Steward of Gondor. He is a grumpy old man, I have no desire to be with him!" Nettle was practically roaring. "AND YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO DECIDE THAT FOR ME! I have a place with my people. They are dying, and they are all I have left." "I'm sorry, Nettle. It wasn't my decision. I tried to stop him. But I think it would be best if you came with me. Ever since my mother died, things have been different for my father. He has become increasingly more irrational. If you refuse his proposal, I fear for what will happen to you or your people." "Your lack of confidence in your father is unnerving," Nettle muttered, "and this is all too much. But if I have no choice, then I will come with you. But I will be a terrible wife, and I won't love him." Faramir bowed his head once more. "And he won't love me," Nettle added, drawing attention to the absurdity of the request. "It's alright, he doesn't love many things," Faramir's stormy eyes clouded over. He held out his hand for Nettle to take, she gave him a look of distaste, but clutched it tightly and desperately. A/N: Alright, there it is! Obviously this is just a work in progress: I'm still playing around with things, and I may go back and change things. Suggestions/advice/compliments, etc. are all accepted and encouraged! Thanks!