as to figure out what he had felt was wrong. Erestor's chest heaved heavily. The pressure on his lungs he had woken up to was nothing compared to what he was experiencing now. There was no air penetrating them, however hard he tried. He was suffocating, he was sure of it. The Uruk-Hai were not paying any attention. They had heard the same sound that he had mere seconds ago: hooves rapidly moving closer to them. "Grab your damn food an' weapons. We're running!" grunted the leader. Within less than one minute, every Uruk was holding a bread wrapped in a cloth made for traveling. Their swords and knives were at their sides. Erestor was feeling so dizzy he could not find the energy to pull himself up a little straighter. His ankle would not be able to take all of his weight, his pelvis burned with even the smallest move he made, but at least it would have been less painful than having his probably broken wrists pulled this high above his head in combination with the other painful injuries he had sustained. Suddenly, the Uruk-Hai started moving. "What above 'im?" one of the beasts asked. He leader snorted. "Leave the Elf. He'd be no more than a burden," he grumbled. And then, there was a voice Erestor knew all too well. Glorfindel's voice, sounding above all of the commotion rising when the Uruk-Hai saw the Elves that had been closer than they had anticipated. "Destroy them! Leave none alive!" was his order. And his warriors obeyed. They rode onto the clearing, their swords reflecting the rays of the setting sun. His eyes refused to focus, the sounds seemed far away, even though the battle was no more than mere feet away from him. The world was spinning around him, blurred shapes being the only things left for him to see. But not one of the warriors seemed to notice the Elf tied to the tree, the state he was in. It was as if he was invisible. To those he had lived with for thousands of years, he was as invisible as he had been to the Uruk-Hai His eyes began to close, nothing he did could make them fight the urge to close and never open again. His heart was burdened so heavily it seemed to struggle to keep beating. Please, make this stop… Please… Was the only thing that he could think. He was so cold, so weak and so tired that whatever happened next did not matter to him anymore. He only wished that he could close his eyes and never open them again, for the pain to be gone and the memories to be taken away. But then, through the turmoil in his head, there was a voice that brought him back from the dark cavern he was rapidly falling into. "Erestor!" It was Glorfindel. The golden warrior had noticed his body hanging from the tree, it seemed. "Erestor, respond!" Glorfindel shouted above the sounds of the battle still going on around them. The dark Elf could do naught more than groan weakly. There was too little air in his lungs to do anything else. Apparently, it had been enough. Glorfindel of the House of the Golden Flower had heard it. And within mere seconds, Erestor felt the larger Elf carefully put his hands against the restraints to remove them. Now that he was finally lose, Erestor did not have the strength to do anything else than fall against Glorfindel. His ankle did not permit him to support himself, and his wrists were useless. "I've got you, mellonamin. It's alright, I've got you. Just stay with me now," came Glorfindel's voice. Erestor held onto that sound. It was the only thing that kept him from losing consciousness. "Awra…" he croaked. It was all he could manage. And deep down, he knew it was an attempt to make Glorfindel be careful whilst holding him, even though he did not want him to let go. "Amin sinta tanya," Glorfindel whispered softly. Erestor felt the other Elf removing one of his hands and heard a soft clicking sound. And then, he was covered by a warm cloak. "Wear this. It will keep you warm and safe from unwanted gazes," said Glorfindel. "Hannon lle," Erestor whispered hoarsely. Erestor felt how Glorfindel carefully grabbed a better hold of his upper body to steady him and placed his other arm against his knees. Mere seconds later he was lifted. Tears from pain tumbled down his face. He buried his face against the golden warrior's shoulder, trying to find comfort in the fact he was now as close to Glorfindel, whom he had loved for over three hundred years, as he had only dreamed to be. Glorfindel kept making reassuring sounds the entire time. "It'll be okay, Erestor… I'm taking you away from this madness… You will be fine…" It was as a mantra to the Noldo, who focused on the words, all the while clinging to Glorfindel as if he were his lifeline. And in a way he was. "Asfaloth!" the warrior called out. The horse came running to them, Erestor could tell by the sound of hooves approaching them. "Down, seas," Glorfindel asked. With his last strength, Erestor opened his eyes to find the horse obeying its master. He kneeled, allowing Glorfindel to mount him with his burden in his arms. Without as much as one last word to the other warriors, Glorfindel pushed his heels into the horse's sides. "We'll be back home soon, mellonamin. You're safe," he whispered. And Erestor allowed his eyes to close. He was too tired to even make a sound, instead slipping into darkness. A/N: Here are the translations to the Elfish words I used. If I missed any, feel free to ask me to translate those as well! mellonamin= Friend Awra = Hurts (Als in: It hurts) Amin sinta tanya = I know that Hannon lle = Thank you seas = Please