And the sentries fired as many arrows as could be released before swords were drawn and the melee commenced again upon the thick wall of the fortress. Inyaril this time was upon the wall and drew swords with Sauron's best. But he was skilled along with his men greater than any of them, or any orc they had yet met. The second assault was relentless, and Sauron's best only became greater in skill, for that is how Sauron ordered them to be met by the defenders, and the men were growing tired and the clouds drew nearer to the ever brighter Moon. Then the gate was broken down again and the orcs swarmed in like bees to a hive. The defenders fought with valor, but were bested this time and their spear wall was breached and the men slain. So Inyaril ordered those that remained to fall back to the keep to draw the orcs farther in. As Inyaril went his way through sword and ax, he was upon the bridge that led to the inner citadel where Isildur's court was held and where the inner guard watched. He looked back towards the outer wall and saw that they were overrun, and the orcs entered quickly and many in number. With him were only five others who had by grace and skill made it to this point. So Inyaril turned towards the horde and vowed to make his final stand at this point, and the men about him the same. So the six stood as they fought on the bridge. As they had been pressed back all the way to the small gate that led to the inner courtyard, their hope waned, but Inyaril was courage and fought until he was out of breath. Then the moon was covered, and the other men fell ill with a fear of the darkness, for then they also saw entering into the city Sauron himself, who made himself fully known at this point. A fire was about him with every step, and even the orcs cringed at his sight and smell. 'Do not fear! Do not fear! He is only death, and that is not the worst thing. Be of courage now more than ever, for it is in these times that valor and loyalty is most needed.' And when Inyaril still fought on, he spoke a new chant: I ithil mîm nin gûr nagwanna! With each slaying of an orc he yelled this for the moon was now hidden behind the evil design of the Dark Lord. It means: The Moon within me shall not die. But when Inyaril fell to his knees because of his fatigue, and the men around him had been slain valiantly, the gate opened and out came Firamar in full strength and arms, bearing sword and shield with a banner strapped to his back, showing of the moon and the seven stars of the Dunedain. Out he came with a horn-blast and following him were the prince's royal guard, the contingent of Derodar was ordered to take, along with those that had conviction to stay behind and fight. Firamar himself slew the orcs that had dared touch the bridge. Then he said to Inyaril who only then stood after his rest, 'I heard you encourage the men upon the walls and it sprung me from me sickness. But I waited until now so that a valiant end worthy of song and lore may be made. Forgive me for my fret that earlier took me, but say nothing so that all your breath may be spared for the slaughter. Come now, o faithful of Isildur! Let us meet our final minutes with dignity. Let Eru be praised for the greatness the Dunedain have achieved and will continue to achieve, for the Dunedain will remain in Middle-earth until its breaking at the end of time! Onward!' With these words, the small contingent of the remaining warriors charged upon the waves and tide of the orc horde. They fought and pushed the orcs back nigh a sprint's distance until they found themselves in front of the Dark Lord himself who had once again made himself a shade only to return suddenly. And the orcs stopped their assault to see the will of their master. 'The Men of Númenor have ever but fought with hearts as strong as mithril. You have proved yourself better than my finest pions. I congratulate you.' 'End your evil speech so that we may die without your temptations.' said Firamar defiantly. 'But to kill you would be waste and pity, for I admire and will always admire the hearts and valor of men, men whom I can greatly reward.' At these words the men scowled and defied Sauron. 'Your words are folly and a waste of my time.' Then as Húrin Thalion cried in the midst of the Morgoth, Firamar echoed the ancient shout, 'Aure entuluva!' (which means, 'Day will come again') and he sprung at Sauron who then met the challenge. Enyaril followed his captain to death by hand of Sauron while the others met the orcs and fought to the last. Throughout the duel of Isildur's captains and Sauron, Firamar chanted Aure entuluva while Enyaril chanted Ithil nagwanna . But before long, Sauron could not be bested, especially by those who are fatigued, and thus Firamar and Enyaril were thrown to the grown, their swords and shield being broken by the crack of Sauron's mace. But they both stood again to the anger of the Dark Lord, and then they were slain by his evil power. However, only did Enyaril fall to the ground until the banner of Firamar had struck the earth before him. And thus, the fortress of Minas Ithil had been captured and Isildur escaped by the river Anduin. The fortress was scoured but no prince could be found, and thus Sauron cursed the city. With this, the final war of the Second Age was upon those who dwelt in Middle-earth.