I would ask more from you than that." Gilraen turned away from the bright scene in the garden and walked into the study, her heart heavy. "Aragorn will stay in Imladris. But I may not." Seeing Elrond's puzzled frown, she hastened to explain. "I love him more than life itself, Eru knows, but I fear for him. I dream at night. It frightens him." Gilraen felt her composure slipping as she remembered long nights past. The heartache, seeing Arathorn fall night after night, the times when the burden of bringing up Aragorn only to heap an even greater responsibility on his shoulders seemed too much for one soul to carry. There were moments of loneliness and loss, when she would take Aragorn into her arms just to feel his closeness. She could not bear to lose him—even now, the thought of leaving him wrenched her grieving heart. But for his sake… She willed the tears welling in her eyes to vanish and looked at Elrond steadily. "I am asking—nay, I am pleading with you to take my son, and foster him." Dark eyebrows rose in surprise. "Do you have a reason for this, Lady Gilraen?" He didn't sound angry or derisive; just inquiring. Encouraged by this, Gilraen continued. "You know that some of us have the gift of foresight. I have not the wisdom nor the insight that some may have…" here she faltered; she knew that Elrond himself could foresee things she could not dream of, and here she was daring to tell him what the future held. Steeling herself, she pressed on. "But I know this. My son will need you, Elrond Ëarendilion. He will need you, your sons…and another," she added with strange certainty. "Aragorn is the last of his house. He will be alone so much of his life, my lord. Now most of all he needs to be safe from fear. I…" she sighed. "I cannot give that to him. I would not leave him, but he cannot depend on me for comfort. I have failed him." "Here me, Gilraen," Elrond said sternly. "You have brought your son to safety; he is well and whole and will know life as a man. The line of Elendil lives on. You have not failed in this." He touched her shoulder, and his voice gentled. "You have no need to hang your head, daughter of the north. No one faults you, not for mourning one you loved, nor for wishing to stay with your son. I do not doubt what you have seen, but Aragorn does need your love. Not I or anyone else can replace that, Gilraen." "I see a dark road before him," Gilraen said softly. "I see pain and suffering and sorrow; I see long and thankless labor into the night. I cannot see the end, Lord Elrond. I fear where it will take him." "None of us can see all ends," he reminded her gently. "There is such darkness," she shivered as the future touched her mind once more, vast and terrible and full of uncertainties. "Hope is so small…" It was as if all the darkness and evil of the world gathered in around her; the sun vanished behind the clouds and the study seemed dim and cold. Only a tiny flame like a sword defied the shadow and its malice, and as she watched it flickered. Her heart sprang into her throat, and she feared it would be snuffed forever, leaving the world wholly dark. "But it shines bright," Elrond's warm silver voice cut through the vision and brought her back to the sunlight. "And it does not go out." Gilraen blinked and looked at the elf lord with questioning eyes. He smiled at her, and this time real joy tempered the deep sorrow in his eyes. "Do not let go of hope so easily. It is yours, Lady Gilraen. There is time enough to give it to Arda." -o-o-o-o- "Aragorn, I have a surprise for you!" Gilraen announced as she combed his hair that night. "We will be living in Lord Elrond's home soon." The little boy bounced on the edge of the bed in excitement, tangling the curls she had just painstakingly rid of all the bark and leaves he had mysteriously picked up while in the twins' care. "With 'Dan and 'Roh?" he asked, grey eyes sparkling. "With who?" Gilraen laughed. "Oh, I see. Elladan and Elrohir. Yes, with them." "Will I see them every day?" Aragorn asked, awed by the prospect. "Yes, dear one," Gilraen said, smiling. "Tomorrow, and for a long while to come. You will have a new house, Aragorn, and a new name, too." She paused and smiled. It was the name she would have chosen for her son; it suited him perfectly. "You shall be Estel." "Estel?" Aragorn-Estel wrinkled his nose at the thought. "Why, Mama?" A dozen reasons flew through her mind, and none of them could be properly explained to a curious child. Darker things than orcs sought the heir of Elendil, desiring to end the line, and with it any hope of men's redemption. Elrond had thought it wise to conceal the fact that Arathorn's heir lived on in Rivendell. "It's like a game," Gilraen said at last, falling on the time-honored ploy. "I will have a new name too. You'll be Estel, I'll be Duniell. Do you like that?" A long silence followed this. "Can you not be Mama anymore?" Aragorn asked in a small voice. "Oh, sweetheart," Gilraen hugged him tightly. "I will always be your mama," she said warmly. "And you will always be mine, my Estel." My hope, she repeated silently. Thought she could not see the end of the road for Estel, nor where every turn in life's path would lead him, she trusted that her son would grow into a man who could walk in such darkness and not be overshadowed. He would bring hope to many. And he would not be alone. -o-o-o-o- -