wasn't as grand as you claim, considering we came back to find you in the Lockholes." "Oh, yes, that. That had nothing to do with Crickhollow and everything to do with Lotho, so it doesn't quite count." "I see," Frodo said seriously. "You'll have to tell me sometime about what happened while we were gone. I've only gotten bits and snatches from the Gaffer and the Cottons. They haven't wanted to talk about it much." "Much like you don't talk about what happened to you," Fatty noted. "But yes, sometime I'll tell you everything that I know of what happened, if you'll allow me to ask some questions in return." "That would be fair," Frodo agreed. "I'll write after Yule and we can set a day for our little chat. But for now I'm afraid I must be going. Ma needs the wagon back in time to go to tea in Frogmorton," Fatty said apologetically as he rose. Frodo rose also. "It's no trouble. I need to be back by teatime with the few things Rosie needed. It was good to see you." "It was good to see you, as well. I'll keep you up to date on Merry and Estella." "Please do! Sam will no doubt enjoy any news, as well," Frodo said with a smile. They paid and tipped the matron, then stopped short in the doorway. It was raining. Fatty turned to Frodo. "Would you like me to give you a ride home? I'm sure Ma wouldn't mind me being a few minutes late." "No, but thank you. It's not raining very hard. I'll be fine," Frodo said, shrugging off his coat and wrapping his parcels in it to keep them dry. Fatty eyed him uncertainly. "If you're certain . . ." he said doubtfully. "I'm certain," Frodo insisted. "I'll walk fast." "All right, but you catch your death of cold be sure to tell Sam and Rosie it's not my fault." "I will," Frodo said with a smirk. They parted ways, and Frodo began the trudge back to Bag End. It really wasn't raining all that hard, but it was cold and it made short work of drenching his shirt. He was shivering by the time he reached the other side of Hobbiton. The leaves that had skittered across his path that morning were plastered to the ground and floating in new puddles that he didn't always notice before plunging in ankle deep. To distract from his discomfort, he dwelled happily on thoughts of Merry courting Estella. Frodo hoped he could see them together, see if Merry felt the same about Estella as Fatty claimed Estella felt about Merry. At the very least he would question Merry closely about her, probably during Yule, since Merry had promised an invitation to Buckland for the Yule celebrations. At length Frodo finally staggered up to Bag End's gate, his back aching from hunching over his bundle to protect it a little better from the rain. He went around to the back door so he wouldn't drip all over the front hallway. Rosie was in the kitchen when he opened the door and stamped his feet on the rug, water dripping from his hair and his clothes onto the floor. "Oh, look at you! You'll catch your death of cold, or at least a chill," Rosie fussed. "Stay right there, and I'll get you some towels." Frodo nodded and stood patiently while she fetched towels and a change of clothes. Rosie took the bundle from him and placed it on the table, then gave him the towels. She stood off to the side while he stripped down to his drawers and had him give her the wet clothes to hang up. While she was out of the room, Frodo dried off and dressed in the clothes Rosie provided. He was toweling his hair when she returned. "Sit by the fire and warm up, Mr. Frodo, you're still shivering," she said, shooing him toward the fireplace as she unwrapped his soggy coat from around the items he bought at market. "Did everything stay dry?" he asked. "Yes, it seems so. A little damp, perhaps, but that can be fixed." "Good," he said, and sat back in the chair she had pulled over from the table for him. "Do you need me to do anything for you while I sit here?" "If you'd help peel and core the apples, I'd be grateful." "I would be happy to wield the peeling knife for you," Frodo said gallantly. Rosie laughed. "Listening to you, I'd never guess you're looking forward to that cobbler," she said with a wink. She gave him the pail for the peelings, the basket of apples, and the small knife. Frodo happily peeled and cored the crisp apples and dropped them into a pan of water for Rosie to slice when she was ready to make the cobbler. As he worked, he mused about Merry and Fatty and everything else. It was good to see life going on as it always has, hobbits marrying and having bairns, then the children growing up to start the cycle again. He was outside the cycle, and would be leaving this life entirely, but he appreciated knowing that it would continue long after he was gone. It was comforting. Rosie stopped him before he absent-mindedly peeled the entire basket of apples and gave him a cup of tea to finish warming him up. It was cozy, sitting by the fire and having a cup of tea; the warmth cradled him and a sense of well-being filled him. He must have dozed off, for the next thing he was aware of was the smell of that wonderful apple cobbler baking. Sam came home, the three of them ate a late dinner, then Rosie presented the cobbler and gave each of them a large helping. Frodo slowly savored each bite, satisfaction welling up and spilling over in an appreciation for friends and family. He was truly blessed.