"I think I prefer being indecorous," he replied, then ducked his head towards hers and kissed her, lightly at first, but then more lingeringly. Again they snuggled in companionable silence for a while, before Faramir spoke again, a slightly uncertain tone in his voice once more. "You know, I had completely forgotten what was in this room... I would hate you to think I planned this, that this was part of a deliberate seduction..." Éowyn started to laugh, quietly at first, then gradually her giggles got louder until she was curled up in the crook of his arm, helpless. Faramir felt first nonplussed at this reaction, then slightly hurt. Catching sight of his expression, Éowyn managed to check her laughter, giving a gulping hiccup. "Oh my beloved, my foolish, foolish man. I cannot for a moment imagine you guilty of a deliberate seduction... though I am glad you managed to achieve such a passionate accidental seduction." She ran her hand across the hair on his chest, and Faramir felt a stirring of renewed desire. "Though those vases... my! I grew up surrounded by stallions and mares, the Mark is hardly renowned for its prudery, but even so. Never in my most fevered dreams have I conjured up some of the scenes on those vases." The words were out before Faramir realised he'd said them. "I worried that you might expect me to be... like the men on the vases." He felt his cheeks flame as he realised what he had said. Éowyn gave him a soft smile, then stroked his face. "Faramir... I have seen naked men before." Faramir's eyes opened wide. He gave a gasp. "Not like that," she said, a strange combination of amusement and a frown crossing her face. "Certainly not at as close quarters, or in quite such a state as you were but a few moments ago. But I have seen men swimming in summer. I know that those vases are... Well, if men really were that size, I don't see how it would fit. Either widthways, or in terms of length." Her gaze rested on one of the nearer pieces of pottery, and she said, in a contemplative voice, "I mean, if he got all of that inside her, it would go all the way up to her rib cage. I don't see where the pleasure could possibly be in that." Faramir could not help himself: he gave a snort of laughter. How could he have forgotten the pragmatic streak of the average Rohir? But Éowyn's interest was clearly piqued now. "And the women... why her waist is barely wider than the girth of his cock. And her breasts. They're the size of … what was that fruit we saw in the market yesterday? Melons? I think the climate of the Mark is too cold for them to grow there. In any case, if a woman really was that shape, she'd either snap the first time he tried to embrace her, or topple over because her balance was so far off." By now Faramir had his face buried in Éowyn's hair once more, shoulders shaking with mirth. "And no-one could possibly be that flexible. We had some travelling acrobats pass through Edoras last Yule, and even they could not have bent themselves into that position... So many limbs... I'm not sure which limbs belong to which person... Surely they couldn't keep their balance. They would all topple over..." Her voice trailed off as she seemed to realise Faramir was now beside himself with laughter, and she too was caught up in the moment, giggling helplessly once more. Faramir, feeling her snuggle back against him, started to kiss her amidst their laughter, and gradually the giggles subsided to be replaced by a slow, sensual warmth growing deep within him, seemingly matched by her change in mood. He paused for a moment to gaze on her once more, his hand trailing languorously from shoulder to breast to the curve of her belly, before sliding round her hip. Her eyes closed for a moment, then she let her head loll back against the wall. Faramir admired the beautiful line of her neck, stretched out as if to tempt him to trail kisses along it. Her lips parted slightly, and he realised she too was feeling desire once more. A sudden thought struck him – would he be able to make love to her again so soon? He decided to take his time, and bent his head, licking his tongue slowly across the dark pink around her nipple. He stole a glance upwards. Her eyelids fluttered open. She looked first at him, then her attention seemed to be drawn by something on one of the shelves. Quite suddenly, she stiffened slightly against him. He followed her gaze to another vase, one they had not noticed in their earlier examination, and now his eyes widened in shock. "Would you wish to do that?" Her voice was hesitant, all traces of desire seemingly evaporated like morning mist. Faramir gave an involuntary shudder. "Not in this lifetime or the next. It looks grotesque." He felt her body soften within his grasp. "Thank the Valar," she whispered, then gave another chuckle. "Grotesque indeed." She cradled his head back against her breast once more. Then he heard another gasp, but quite different in tenor. "Now that, on the other hand, looks most interesting." And her hand started to make its way quite purposefully over the hard muscles of his belly, down towards his groin. Faramir gulped , then, as her hand moved lower still, realised that there was nothing to worry about concerning his readiness for the task... in hand. Inspired by the Ancient Greek redware pottery in my local museum which is rather tame... but it reminded me of the rather more explicit collection in the British Museum, which in turn put me in mind of their exhibition of Japanese Shunga earlier this year. Alcarin's pottery is a combination of the two.