we heard an "Aargh", and an orc jumped from the trees running towards us, followed with even more orks. We had been having frequent visits from orks and we had survived. I was sure that Legolas and I would win this battle too. And there we were, fighting another fight with orcs. One orc ran towards me, his sword held high above his head and I charged him. I tried to strike him near the neckline, where his armor was weak, but he stepped back and blocked me. I snapped out of my senses when his sword grazed my left cheek. A huge gash was exposed and blood was dripping down. But I didn't care. It was like a wake up call for me. I kept on fighting, slashing and thrashing with all my might. My opponent finally made a wrong move and was killed instantly. I turned around and saw that Legolas needed help. There were too many orcs on him. I ran towards him and killed an orc that had Legolas in a headlock. He gasped for air, while I finished off the rest of the orks. When I was done, I ran towards him and asked, "Are you all right?". He replied back saying, "Yea, thanks". "No problem. We look out for each other, right?" I asked. He nodded and I reached out a hamd to help him up. Legolas noticed the bleeding from my face and immediately grew concerned. "Don't worry about it", I reassured him. He helped me clean the wound and we continued our impossible journey. Night came and we were about to give up when Legolas said, "There's a village up ahead and we're not too far from it". I squinted my eyes trying to see what he could, but I couldn't. "How do you know?", I asked him suspiciously. He shrugged and said, "Elf". I smiled and we continued to walk till sunrise. Soon enough, I could see a village. It wasn't too big but it wasn't too small either. I was so happy and Legolas was too. We ran towards the village, despite our aching feet. A man came out to meet us. "What are two children like yourself doing all alone at night?" he asked us, looking very concerned. We told him everything that had happened, starting from when my village had been destroyed, moving on to Legolas's. "...and so we saw your village and ran here as fast as we could". Legolas ended. "I see", the man said, stroking his beard. (A.N. Andie-san, if you are reading this ik, lol) "You two must be Aragorn and Legolas", the man said to us. We hadn't told him our names so I wondered how he knew. "Oh, yes, I know. And you have no idea how", he said as if reading my mind. And when he said that, my father appeared from behind and ran towards me smiling like crazy. He gave me a big hug and took a better look at me. "Aragorn...", he muttered under his breath. "You've grown so much". That was true. My hair had grew and a huge bang was covering my right eye. I was also around the height of my father. I saw another man run towards Legolas. I turned my head to see Legolas reunited with Thranduil. The man chuckled at the sight of our mini reunion. He then introduced himself, saying, "My name is Gandalf". We smiled at him and our fathers made a huge reunion party just for us. Legolas looked at me and for the first time, we were both happy since the separation during the battle. After the party, I asked to speak with my father alone. He agreed and we went outside. "How did you get here?" I asked him. He sighed and replied saying, "After you left, the orcs seemed to multiply. There were too many of them but we were saved by Gandalf. He was passing by but when he saw the state of us, he pitched in to help. Oh, Aragorn, you should have seen it! He had his walking stick with him and he said these words and every orc alive feel to the ground, dead. I had never seen anything so magnificent as that. As soon as they were dead, Thranduil and I had ran as fast as we could to look for you two. After searching for ten days and nights, we gave up. But I knew that you were alive. I could feel that you were alive. You know what I mean?" I nodded and said, "I think it was your footsteps Legolas and I heard in the forest". I gave him a last hug before heading inside to join the party. I saw Legolas and went over to him. "So..." he said. "So..." I said back. "I never expected it to go like this". "Me neither". Legolas and I grew attached to each other and it was hard to leave each other for even a split second. It wasn't until we had to part ways, me having to find a creature that carried a dangerous object, a ring, and Legolas having to go to Rivendell where the rest of his kind were. "So, I guess this is it", I said, staring deeply into his eyes. He nodded and gave me a last hug. I held on to him for as long as I could, until it was time for me to leave. "Maybe we'll see each other again", he said. I nodded and turned my back to him when I heard him say, "Aragorn!". I turned around to hear him say, "You've been a good friend to me". "You too, Legolas. But even more", and with that, I gave him a final wave and left. (I just had to write that story. Aragorn and Legolas are my two favorite people out of all the lotr movies. 3 I hope you liked it and plz review. Thxxx again fr reading :)