Aragorn. A symbol of our everlasting love. Don't even try to tell me that you won't accept it. You already accepted it, and there is no way of changing that, Aragorn. You have accepted to love me, you have accepted our love. I have given up immortality for you Aragorn. It is the greatest thing an elf can give away for the one whom he or she loves. Why can't you see this?" Aragorn's eyes widened at the demanding and cruel words that had come out of Arwen. Arwen gasped at her words as well, and smacked herself mentally for having been so abrupt and disrespectful. "Aragorn.. sorry.. I..." Aragorn stood and up and walked away towards the window and gazed outside at the gardens, and said bitterly. "So that's why you gave me your evenstar? Why, that was so generous of you, Lady Arwen," Aragorn spat out. "Look, Aragorn... darling.. really...listen.. I didn't mean it that way.. I..." "No. YOU look, Arwen. You can't force someone to accept something or to love someone. If you thought that giving me your evenstar and giving up your immortality was going to impress me and make me fall madly in love with you, you are mistaken. I have always loved you like a sister, because you are a half sister to me, for Lord Elrond has always been like a father to me." Arwen gasped and staggered backward as if to faint. "Don't act like you are going to faint or something Arwen. You do that quite often, and I have gotten used to it. Look, take your evenstar back, and find someone who will love you back for who you are Arwen. Don't go around trying to impress men by giving them things like those. Life and things like immortality aren't just objects you can give away to gain something in return. They are serious things. Please take them seriously, and fall in love with someone in an honest and clean way." Arwen glared. Aragorn raised his eyebrows in surprise. "No, Aragorn. Please keep the evenstar. Perhaps time will fix things between you and me. Don't tell me all those passionate kisses and warm touches were just because I am like a sister to you? As for our marriage, we can push that back a bit more. I am sorry that I talked like that, really. I am just kind of surprised and angry that you wouldn't accept such a gift of mine, for such a grandiose and important gift, as you say, represents how much I love you, does it not? Think about that, Aragorn." With those words that seemed almost practiced, Arwen whirled around and left the room, leaving Aragorn stunned and surprised. After standing there in silence, he looked at the woods. He smiled when he saw Gandalf appear, followed by... followed by indeed the most beautiful of all elves. Sure, it was true that Aragorn had loved Arwen, but it was just an infatuation; a momentary obsession that had faded away with time. Legolas couldn't be replaced by anybody in this world, and he was determined to make him into his lover if not his fiance. With a happy sigh, Aragorn turned around and went to the showers and debated on what he would wear to the banquet. Arwen stormed into her room with a madness that could have burned the whole palace down if looks could burn. She grabbed a vase that was nearby and threw it at the wall. The delicate vase crashed into thousands of small pieces that scattered all over the floor. Arwen glared at the pieces on the floor and growled. "Oh, how I wish those pieces were you, Legolas. How I wish you could vanish and sink into the deepest and darkest places of the Earth and disappear forever from our lives." Arwen paced around in the room, trying to come up with some plan that could separate those two forever. Wasn't there a way to make Aragorn hate Legolas so much that he would throw him out of the palace and come running into her arms? Arwen froze when a very good idea popped into her brain. She smirked and ran over to her closet, shuffling through her clothing. Finally, she found the small pouch she was looking for. The pouch contained the powder she had once tried to use to kill Legolas, but had ended up being unsuccessful. She had put it away, for the fellowship had left on that long journey soon after, leaving her with no choice but to wait for the blonde elf to come back. "Yes... this pouch will get me what I want... you're doomed, Legolas. You are doomed for life. You will feel very sorry that you were ever born. You will wish you had never intervened in our lives." Shrill laughter could be heard from Arwen's chambers, and echoed throughout the hallways. Unfortunately for Legolas, nobody was around to hear. To be continued... Bah~ It took me forever to write this up. Please tell me what you think! Should I continue? I got stuck so many times, and the plot was quite hard to come up with. I suffered so much. LOL. This is really the first A/L slash fic that I ever wrote, so please don't flame me or anything. I honestly work very hard on all the fics I write. ^_^ Sorry that Arwen's such a b*tch in this, I really don't like her (and I don't like Liv Tyler either - o - ) and well, there just had to be some antagonist in this, so it ended up being her. Don't flame me for making her be so mean, it's just all part of the plot. Take care, and PLEASE, you know what to do. *points down at the little button on the bottom* Please review! I'll dedicate the fic to the first reviewer, that is, if you wish the fic to be dedicated to you. Love, Angelline~*