around finally seeing the owner of the hand. The owner of the hand was Lord Elrond himself. Kumal wasn't sure if she should scramble away from royalty but still did anyway. Lord Elrond saw this and didn't let her go. Instead he dragged her to his study and she saw everyone there. Lord Elrond sat down," I am sorry if I scared you but you tried to get away when all I was trying to do was show you how to get to my study." " L-L-L-L-Lo-r-r-r-r-rd. E-E-E-E-E…' Kumal tried but she was choked up. " What do you want to say Kumal." She stood there staring down at her feet again and decided to make a run for it. Kumal ran to the door but was seized by the strong hands of Estel. He saw her look up at him and start to cry not saying anything at all. Slowly he directed her back over to Elrond. Elrond sighed," Kumal. I know it is hard for you but you can tell us anything." Still seeing her crying and the fear in her eyes he sighed once again," I am sorry to tell you this but once you get back from Mirkwood you will be placed in a room with Estel, Elladan, Razam, Legolas, and Elorhir. You will be locked in there until you guys get along." Kumal cried even harder with fear in her eyes," I want to go home. Is that so much to ask." Estel walked over to her," You can't go back to Earth. You are already home." " I don't understand." Kumal cried. " What don't you understand." Asked a confused Elorhir looking at her. Kumal fell to her knees just staring at everyone in the room. She wanted to trust them but there was so much she didn't understand and so much she had been through. If they were trying to help then why wouldn't they let her go home to Earth. Her mother was probably worried about her to death. Estel went over to her slowly and picked her up. He walked her to her room and laid her in her bed. As she covered up with the blankets he stood there and watched her silently. Knowing he should leave he didn't. Estel was keeping his word to Elrond and himself and was going to watch over her at all costs. She didn't stop crying the whole entire night. Estel stood there feeling helpless. All he wanted to do was run over to her and give her a giant hug. He stayed right there the whole night just looking at her beautiful form laying there. There must be a way to help her but how was he supposed to help her when she didn't want to be helped. As he stood there Kumal slowly sat up in bed and looked around. She took one glance at Estel and jumped out of bed. They looked at each other and then she ran out of the room. Out in the hall Elladan and his friends and family were standing there talking. They all looked up when they saw Kumal running down the hall crying. All turned to see Estel also running down the hall and as he ran past them he grabbed Elladan's arm and he was forced to follow him. When they came to the fountain of life they spotted her laying on the ground with a pool of blood around her. Estel ran over to her with all the speed he had and put her head in his arm. He looked up at the people around him and then looked down at Kumal's form in his arms. He was full of sadness and felt tears forming in his eyes. Elrond came up to him and placed a hand on his shoulder. Estel looked up and handed Kumal to Elrond. He took her out of the room as he saw Estel fall to the ground with his hands in his face. As he sat there with his hands in his face he looked up not crying but devastated. He watched as Elorhir picked up and elven blade that was covered in blood on the hard ground. Elladan and Elorhir helped Estel up and walked him to the infirmary to see if Kumal was alright. They walked down the halls and were halfway there when Arwen came walking by. She took Estel by the arm and kissed him gently before she ran off to get herbs for her father. Upon arriving to the infirmary they knocked lightly on the door so as not to bother Elrond or Kumal. As a servant opened the door she saw who it was and let them come in to see the form of Kumal laying there breathing very slowly. Elrond saw Estel and asked," Are you alright." Estel slowly answered him," I will be alright when I know that Kumal is going to be fine." He paused and then actually looked him in the eye," She will be alright won't she." " Son she will be fine but I think we will have to start locking you guys in a room with her sooner than I thought. This is going to take too long to get her to come to." Elrond told Estel and everyone in the room. " Father then we has to tell her about me and my brothers before we leave for Mirkwood." Razam spoke. Elrond turned to his daughter," We will tell her whenever she is better." Arwen came running into the room and handed her father the herbs he had asked for. As he took them from her and started to get to work on healing Kumal the rest stood there watching. Estel turned his face to make eye contact with Razam who saw the sadness in her brother's eyes. She walked over to him and stood beside him to give him comfort if he needed it which she knew he would need it.