it would be difficult for him to even remember her face--if he had a little keepsake to remember his mother, the days would be easier to live through. "My mum gave me this just before she died," he said. Dolenmir took out a little something from his pocket and handed it to Faramir, but would not let him open his hand to see what it was. "She said my father gave this to her before I was born, and that he was a kind, noble man. She told me to treasure it because although she had this and me to remember him by, this is all I will have of him," he murmured, "but she never told me who he was." Dolenmir then lifted his hand off of Faramir's and let him observe the object. In actuality, there were two pieces in his hand. Originally, it used to be a very small wooden ornament whittled by hand. Just about the size of Faramir's thumb, the plain wood from the wild had been fashioned into the shape of a horn--a very familiar horn Faramir recognized… 'The Horn of Gondor…' Faramir felt his throat close up slowly as he examined the carving closely. All the details matched the real Horn of Gondor perfectly. Only someone who was in possession of it for a long time could replicate it to such perfection. What was more, there were a "B" carved on one side. Dolenmir whispered, "it used to be one piece, but I fell down earlier this year and it broke in half. I tried to glue it together, but it would not stay." Faramir's throat closed up and he tried to prevent tears from coming. The child was looking at his hand; his hand was still, but his finger slowly closed up on the two halves of the broken horn. Dolenmir recalled how his hand held the little carving after his mother handed it to him…how pale and gaunt his mother's hand was… Dolenmir was Boromir's son and heir! There was no one else who knew what the Horn of Gondor looked like in such precise detail with the initial B. All along Faramir had been trying to figure out why he was so fascinated by Dolenmir, but it was this--he was of Boromir's flesh and blood. His fair hair with a faint hint of ginger and clear green eyes were an exact replica of Boromir. His gait, his determination, his physique, his resilience…even his smile and hands were so alike Boromir. Faramir looked down at Dolenmir's resting figure with newfound vision. This child was his nephew; Dolenmir was the only offspring of the brother who had loved Faramir more than their father. This poor thing was the sole descendant of the brother who died in his stead in a place faraway without a last farewell… Now Faramir faced an even bigger question than finding Dolenmir another home; will he reveal to Dolenmir--and the world--of his heritage and throw him into a deeper turmoil of identity crisis and bigger shame and dishonor of being the bastard son of the man who would have been the Steward? Or keep the child's legacy and birthrights hidden for the sake of Gondor and Dolenmir's stability? What would happen to Dolenmir and himself if it was revealed? Would Dolenmir be better off knowing his true identity? Why did the mother hide it from him? Perhaps the mother was right in keeping it from him; not knowing his father would be better than wondering if his father--the true heir to the Stewardship--abandoned him because it was a mark of disgrace on Boromir's name and conscience. All Faramir wanted to do was to rescue Dolenmir…now he was in the position to either save him or destroy him. Excited by the good feelings awakened in him by this man, Dolenmir rambled in an ecstatic frenzy. "I like you, Faron. I never showed this to anyone, not even my uncle; it was a secret between my mum and me. I think she would have liked you too. My mother--Nenoneth--was kind to everyone, even to my uncle and aunt when they were cruel to her." Faramir nodded, but did not say anything. "You…you are not my father, are you?" Dolenmir asked. He apparently had taken notice of the similar hair color and the unusual interest Faramir had in him. No one had ever taken such compassionate interest in him before. "Sadly, no. I am not your father," Faramir admitted painfully. Now his heart was on the verge of tearing into pieces; should he say 'we should get going now' or 'but I am your uncle'? Wrestling with his heart and conscience, Faramir pondered what sort of social and political affects each actions had. He hated to bring such insensitive aspects into the dilemma, but the possibilities were there whether one would like to acknowledge them or not. Long he spent thinking about what was in Dolenmir's best interest. It was very difficult to even think about, but Faramir forced himself to think things through before deciding this boy's fate. Faramir gazed down on the cloven wooden horn in his palm. He then gazed down on Dolenmir's fair hair. He said, "your aunt is probably awake and looking for you. We should return before we cause more trouble." Both got up on their feet and the Steward held the familiar hand in his again. There was a quickness of contentment in Dolenmir's bearing, but Faramir felt himself crumble inside. A/N: To clarify, when Dolenmir said he "fell down earlier this year and it broke in half," he meant that he fell on February 26th of 3019 of the Third Age--the day Boromir was killed and the Horn of Gondor cloven in two. He just couldn't remember the date. I'm thinking of writing a prequel to this about how Boromir and Nenoneth met. I have the basic plot, but haven't started yet. Tell me what you think! Dolenmir---"Hidden jewel" Faron---"Hunter" (m.) Nenoneth---"Water Giver"