gave one of his rare smiles. "I should let you go to your rest." "I wish I could stay here," Lothíriel replied, without really thinking of the implications of her words until they were out of her mouth. "As do I, but it would not be wise." Another gentle stroke of her cheek. "Why not?" asked Lothiriel, though she already knew the answer. "Because I might be tempted to overstep the bounds of what is proper," he said, then grinned. "Or perhaps that should be, further overstep the bounds..." Lothíriel was seized by a sudden wild urge to throw caution to the winds completely. "Suppose I was as happy as you to overstep those bounds?" She looked up at him expectantly. There was a brief flicker of, what? Desire? Then his face softened and he kissed her softly on the forehead. "I think I can read you well enough to know that you are very, very inexperienced. And that you don't know what it is you are suggesting." Lothiriel felt herself blush, though she wasn't sure if the man would see this in the dark. "And also, stranger as I am to your realm, nonetheless it doesn't take any particularly great leap of intuition to know you to be a young woman of good family. I know enough of your culture to know that it would be considered a shameful thing to take advantage of your naivety. I would not bring shame upon you, then ride away, perhaps to die on battlefield, leaving you dishonoured." Lothíriel leaned in towards him once more and rested her head on his tunic. "Do you think it matters now? When we may all die?" She felt his fingers tangle in her hair as he held her head against his chest. Faintly, through the woollen cloth, she thought she could here his heartbeat. "I would rather, if the Valar see fit to spare us, woo you honestly. Or should the worst happen, follow you through the green fields of the hereafter and woo you there. But for now lady, go to your bed, and I to mine, and I will carry the memory of your kiss as a bright light in the darkness to come." She felt his fingers under her chin, and he raised her face. All too swiftly he pressed a final kiss to her lips, then stepped back. He bowed to her, then turned and walked into the darkness, leaving her alone at the postern gate. ~o~O~o~ "I came to look for you last night to tell you about Faramir, but you were not there." Lothíriel studiously avoided Amrothos' eye as she tried to frame a reply. "I could not sleep, brother, so I went out to take the air. Alas that you did not find me, for I should have slept so much better knowing the crisis in his fever was past. But I am very glad to hear of it now." "The Ranger from the North – they say he is the heir of Elendil. He healed both our cousin, and the King of Rohan's sister." "The King of Rohan's sister?" A half remembered voice, talking of his wounded kin, not talking of his sister other than as a child. What had she not been told? Lothíriel felt as if the world threatened to shift beneath her feet. "Aye, unknown to all, she rode in secret with the host, and slew the Witch King in her defence of the body of her uncle, who had been king before he fell." The world did not just shift, it tilted on its axis. "Uncle?" said Lothíriel, her voice sounding strangely distant in her ears. "Lothi, are you well? You seem confused. I think perhaps yesterday's horrors, coupled with a poor night's sleep, have left you overwrought." "No, no, Roth, I am fine. You are right, perhaps a little muzzy-headed from tiredness, but nothing a cold draught of water will not set right." Amrothos offered her his arm, and she leaned on it perhaps a little more heavily than was her normal habit. They crossed the small courtyard together, and entered the vaulted entrance hall that led to the wards and bedchambers for the patients. There, in the centre of the mosaic floor, stood her father, a tall, dark haired man by his side. The man wore travel stained clothing and looked as if the weight of the world rested upon his shoulders, but carried himself with a noble bearing, a strange air of command. But Lothiriel's eyes were drawn to the third member of the party, the man facing her father, his back to her. He was tall, broad, with long blond hair flowing down over his shoulders. She heard his voice, the unexpectedly soft deep voice she had become accustomed to in the dark the night before. "My thanks to both of you, my lords. Without you, Prince, my sister would not have been brought to this place for no-one would have realised she still lived. And without you, my Lord and Sword-Brother, she would have perished from the hurts she took upon the battle field." The tall man reached out and clapsed her Rider's arm, hand to forearm in the warrior's salute. Her father's voice rang out in answer. "I was merely the man fortunate enough to be there to attend to your sister, and I rejoice in her recovery." Suddenly her father caught sight of Lothíriel and Amrothos, and his face broke into a broad smile. "But here is the promise of good cheer and good company this morning. Sire, allow me to present to you my youngest son, Amrothos, and my daughter, the Lady Lothíriel." With what felt like agonising slowness, the man turned towards her. Their eyes locked. A look of stunned amazement spread across his face; Lothíriel felt her cheeks catch flame as they had the night before. ~o~O~o~ With thanks to the Ladies of the Garden of Ithilien, for very helpful comments on earlier drafts.