you sure that's a good idea?" The princess wasn't quite sure how to frame the idea rattling around her head, but somehow it seemed to her that without love there could not be jealousy. There could however be wounded pride at the presumed insult to his manliness, and anger at the prospect of losing his grip on his property. And Lothíriel had a sense that Bronaer might be a dangerous man to cross. But it seemed that Siliveth was determined to press on without a care for the consequences. "You know, I think a dashing young favourite might be just the ticket. Perhaps," she added, "I might set my sights quite high. I hear that the King of Rohan is very good looking, and cuts a fine figure in the lists." And with that, she swept out of the pavilion, presumably to start her hunting expedition. "Oh dear," said Lothíriel. "I do hope your sister doesn't find herself in play that is too deep!" "Hah!" said Merilwen. "Siliveth is like a cat – always lands on her feet, and has nine lives to boot." She cast a glance at Lothíriel and said "So, the King of Rohan... Have you met him?" "Yes, I was privileged to make his acquaintance yesterday." Lothíriel adopted her blandest expression. "And? Do tell! Is he handsome enough and young enough to make Bronaer jealous?" Lothíriel paused for a moment. For some reason she felt strangely reticent about discussing the man with her friend. She shook the vague feeling of embarrassment off, and answered "Oh yes, I should think so. Very dashing indeed. And quite personable in a slightly rough-round-the-edges sort of way." "Oh, a handsome barbarian. How simply thrilling. Does he look like the sort of man who'd sweep a girl off her feet?" Merilwen nibbled a bit of honey cake. "Well, he certainly looks strong enough to do so without effort." Lothíriel struggled to keep her face straight, as she recalled that actually there was no denying the fact that the man was very attractive. Blond hair in waves the colour of honey, a beard a couple of shades darker still... There was something about that beard. Men in Gondor were typically clean shaven, but somehow the beard reminded her that... well, that he was a man. Neatly trimmed – it wasn't bushy and overwhelming, just... there. Definitely attractive! Lothíriel gave her head a little shake. Good mercy of the Valar, she was as bad as the tattling, tittering serving maids back in Dol Amroth, swooning over her brothers. The last thing she wanted was to have her head turned by a handsome face. For she had seen this game played out too many times – with her eldest brother for a start. Every single eligible maid of good social standing in Gondorian society would be circling round the king like flies round a jam jar. And Lothíriel had far too much pride to compete in that particular game. It was undoubtedly time to change the subject. A counter-offensive, to distract attention from her unwanted train of thought. "So, thinking of handsome young men, are you still pining for your charming but penniless second lieutenant?" Merilwen blushed a deep pink. "Ah, I see the answer is 'yes'. Your father will never allow it, you know." "Oh, but Lothíriel, he acquitted himself so well upon the field before the Black Gates. He was mentioned in dispatches. And has been made lieutenant – no longer just a second lieutenant. And with the rank goes an extra six castars a month." Lothíriel struggled to keep a straight face. Why, Merilwen's sister must spend at least a hundred castars a month on her dress allowance alone, before one even considered the costs of perfumes and paints, never mind throwing elaborate dinner parties and staging entertainments for her social circle. Rumour had it that one of her recent soirees had included pheasants stuffed with jewels, and Tolfalas wine sprinkled with flakes of gold leaf. Waste of good wine, thought Lothíriel. And think of the furore if someone had broken a tooth on one of the wretched jewels. As if Merilwen had read her mind, she burst out, "But I am not like my sister. I do not aspire to the first circles of fashion. It would not make me happy. I would be happy in retirement on a country estate, proving myself a useful chatelaine to my lord and husband. And my dear Arodon has a large enough bounty from Pelennor and Morannon that he could afford to restore his father's manor house and the lands around it, well, at least, if everyone pitched in, and maybe if my father could be persuaded to part with a small dowry – nothing like the size of my sister's, of course." "Why 'of course'?" asked Lothíriel. If truth were known, she sometimes found Merilwen's acquiescence in her family's low opinion of her a little wearing. "Well, Siliveth was always the prettier of the two of us. And so much more accomplished. And mother says she has that certain indefinable something which makes her ever so appealing. Mother says I am charming but a little bland." "Well, your mother is wrong – and I'm pretty sure the dashing lieutenant Arodon would agree with me about that. And much good her 'certain something' has done Siliveth. I mean, would you want to be married to Bronaer?" Merilwen gave a little shudder. "Most assuredly not. But you see, Siliveth is much bolder than I am, and better able to handle him." "I rather doubt any woman to be capable of handling him – he is a singularly unpleasant man, from what I have seen. But let us talk of more cheerful matters. I hear there is a to be a ball organised for the night after tomorrow." And with that, the two young women fell to talking comfortably of uncontentious subjects like the choice of ball gown and which hairstyles were all the rage.