was weak as compared to what he had just felt." Lost in his memories, Elrond stopped talking, and Erestor took over. "Elrond was uneasy to say the least. Lady Celebrian was comfortable with the thought, having been raised by Galadriel herself, she was not scared at all. She started talking about her little wizard, convinced she was carrying three sons." "You knew there would be three elflings?" asked Glorfindel. "Yes, I could clearly feel them when touching her stomach," replied Elrond. "The birth was long and painful, but Celebrian eventually gave me Elladan first, then Elrohir. Elleniel came quickly after. Celebrian was so happy to have an elleth. At the beginning, the triplets could not stand being apart, so we got an enormous crib and the three of them slept together. After a month, we still had to determine who was the wizard or witch between the three. Things were happening around the crib, but which one was doing them? Erestor suggested to separate them until we found out." "lady Celebrian took Elladan to her room, Lord Elrond took Elrohir in his study, and I brought Elleniel in my own study. And we waited," said Erestor. "The ellyn woke first, and started to cry. They were inconsolable. But Elleniel was still sleeping. When she woke and saw she was alone, she started crying softly. But after an hour, she seemed to realize her brothers were not coming back. She became angry. She was glowing! Things started to fly everywhere. My books, my ink bottles crashing on the floor and walls! I cried for help! I had found the witch!" "During the first few years, everything went well. At least when we did not irritate Elleniel. She was getting everything she wanted from everyone," continued Erestor. "The triplets were extremely close to each other. They were touchy, if you see what I mean. When they reached the age of twenty, Lady Celebrian warned us that she was not comfortable anymore with how the triplets were behaving with each other." "What was wrong?" "One evening, she went to Elleniel's bedroom for a goodnight kiss. They were all sleeping in the same bed." "Was that wrong?" asked Glorfindel. "Not in itself. But she had also caught them... kissing." "Kissing?" asked Glorfindel, in need of clarification. "Deep, open-mouthed kisses. We did not know what to do. I asked them what they thought they were doing. I explained it was wrong between siblings. Elladan told me the fëa they shared was reinforced when they kissed like this. Once again, we called Mithrandir for help. He confirmed that since they shared a fëa, this fëa was being stretched to its limits by being split into three elves. The triplets needed to reinforce it regularly, like mates strengthen their bonds when they make love. Celebrian asked if they would ever go one step further, and have sex together. Mithrandir was affirmative. If we wanted to avoid having bound brothers and sister, we needed to separate them immediately." "We had to choose," Erestor took over, "and I am afraid I did the choice myself. I told Lord Elrond and Lady Celebrian that Elleniel was the issue. That if we sent away Elladan or Elrohir, nothing you stop the remaining male to bind with her. Shortly after, Elleniel was sent for a horse ride with Mithrandir. They met with Saruman, who kept Elleniel's power in check while Mithrandir came back to Imladris to announce they had been attacked by orcs. That was all we found to explain the lack of body." "Funerals were organized, and our grief was genuine, since we had no idea when we would see her again. Mithrandir left shortly after, bringing Elleniel to an unknown destination. To this day, he never gave us any news about her. He only said she is still alive." Erestor was done with the story. Glorfindel was shocked that such a secret could have been kept for so long, without having an impact on the family, and he voiced his thought. Elrond snorted. "Glorfindel, this family has never been the same since her departure. Celebrian missed her daughter dearly, and Arwen did not compensate for her absence. A new child will never replace the lost one. When Celebrian was attacked by orcs, she started fading, thinking she was living the fate we had created for our own daughter. She sailed to the Undying Lands shortly after. Arwen moved to Lothlorien and was raised by Galadriel. The triplets became the twins. They always said they did not believe that she was dead, that they could still feel her fëa. They looked for her all over Middle Earth, but with no results. What they did not know was that we are responsible for the situation. All these millennia, they thought she had miraculously escaped an orc attack. You saw their reaction today, once they learned the truth from her. I am afraid I have lost them all now." "We will find a way, my Lord," Erestor said. "We can call Mithrandir. He will help us see clearly." Elrond agreed. He then turned to Glorfindel. "How is she, Glorfindel? My daughter. Please tell me." "She is the most beautiful elleth I have ever seen in all my existence. Believe me, I do not exaggerate. She looks unnaturally like Elladan and Elrohir, in a softer version. Although when I have seen her, her expression was not soft. She was more... coldly angry, I would say," he added, pointing to his forehead. Elrond insisted to hear the whole encounter, and when Glorfindel was done, he was dismissed so he could go rest and have dinner. "The prospects are not too positive, my old friend," Elrond said to Erestor who had remained with him. "I wonder what is this dangerous mission that Elrohir was mentioning." "Erestor, I need Mithrandir here quickly. Please make sure he is summoned here immediately." "I will, my Lord." Please review and let me know if you have enjoyed the first chapter!