the Valar and leaving the room. "We will wait for you in the courtyard," whispered Haldir. "Have everyone ready to leave as soon as I join you. I want to be gone from Valimar as soon as possible." "They will not change their minds, their decision is irrevocable," Haldir reminded her. "I do not care. I want to be as far as possible from this castle." "Fine, everyone will be on horseback when you join us," he promised. He bowed to the Valar and left the room last, leaving Valerie alone with the living gods. Valerie stood in front of them, intimidated by the analyzing gazes of the Valar. "Valarie," Lady Nessa eventually said. "It is very interesting to finally meet you in person. A long time ago, Vairë and myself were asked to find a woman who could eventually play an important role in Middle Earth." Valerie looked at the tall blond being who nodded to her. She knew Lady Vairë was the wife of Lord Namo, and lived in the Halls of Mandos. She was the talented Vala who created most of the tapestries that were hanging on the walls of the Valar's houses. "Yes, Vairë is also in contact with the fëar of the fallen elves," continued Lady Nessa. "We knew Sauron would rise again, and that we needed a new mother for many of the elves that were in Namo's care. We soon realized that we would need an exceptional woman, someone who could bring a different view of the world into ours. We enlarged our searches to your world, and looked at its future and the future of many women that had the potential to become the naneth of our reborn elves. We eventually selected you, Valarie. We then looked for unbounded ellyn in Middle Earth, searching for the male that would be the best mate for you. The Marchwarden of Lothlorien was the obvious choice, and we made sure that he remained single until your arrival. Tulkas and Namo selected the reborn elves that were in the Halls, and the prophecy was written and sent to Middle Earth to be found by Mithrandir. And... there you are." Valerie was speechless. Millennia ago, the Valar had seen the future of her world and selected her to become the mother described the prophecy? That seemed impossible. And why her and not someone else? Was she really that special? "You are overwhelming her," a Vala said. Valerie did not know who he was. "I am Oromë," the Vala answered her silent question. Oromë, the Huntsman of the Valar, the Lord of the forests. "What about my sister?" Valerie suddenly asked. "Was she also part of the plan?" "That came after," replied Lady Vairë. "Glorfindel had spent centuries in the Halls, and he was reborn to serve the family of Lord Elrond. We had seen that your sister would be a good mate for him, but she was not mature enough when you first came to Middle Earth. We made sure that Glorfindel sustained an important injury at the battle of Elm's Deep to justify the need to bring him to your world during your last visit to your parents. If she had not been ready, he would have come back without her. He would have eventually found someone in Valinor. But Allison was ready for him..." "Lady Valarie is eager to return to her family," Lord Namo pointed out, interrupting his wife. The male Vala seemed to be slightly bored. "Valarie, I felt your pain during the hearing," Lady Nienna said. "We had all agreed millennia ago that you would be a good mother for the elflings. We have been surprised by Lady Lithil's request, and we had to hear her claim. King Oropher did not have a happy first childhood, and I cried many tears for him when he was an elfling. I was not willing to have him go through this a second time," the Lady of Pity and Mourning said to Valerie. "Now off you go, my child. You have a family to raise and a realm to build!" Lady Nessa continued. Valerie knew this was the end of her audience. She bowed as low as she could. "Thank you, my Ladies and Lords. Thank you for choosing me for this important task, and thank you for allowing my husband and I to keep our reborn children. We are... very grateful and eternally indebted to you." She could not find anything else to say, but the gentle smiles on the faces of the Valar told her she had said the right thing, despite her lack of eloquence. She bowed one last time, turned around and walked swiftly to the doors. Once she was out of the hall, she started running, only stopping when she arrived in the courtyard. Everyone was on horseback, as promised by Haldir. Valerie jumped on her mare, and Haldir gave the departure signal. They soon were on their way to New Imladris, and no one looked back when they left the courtyard of Lord Tulkas' castle. It's been more than a month since I published the last chapter of The Prophecy. I apologize to the readers who were expecting the sequel to be published earlier... I hope you will find it worth the wait! In the next chapter, one of the reborn elflings will start to get his memories back... As usual, I really appreciate your reviews, opinions and suggestions! The Valar: Manwë King of the Valar and his wife Varda (Elbereth) Queen of the stars Tulkas Champion of the Valar and his wife Nessa the Dancer (sister of Oromë) Namo (Mandos) the Doomsman of the Valar and his wife Vairë the Weaver Aulë the Smith and his wife Yavanna the Fruit-giver Oromë the Huntsman and his wife Vana the Ever-young Ulmo King of the Sea Irmo Master of Dreams and his wife Estë, Healer of hurts and weariness Nienna Lady of Pity and Mourning, sister of Namo and Irmo