Man green has long since disappeared from the world—no, not dead; merely moved on. But his small trees, which we have named evergreens remain. Each year the cold months come, and all the plants sleep—all but the evergreens. They show us life in a time of barren white." After Frodo finished his tale, a hush fell upon the children and they all sat staring in wonder at the sprig that was the focus of the story. Even Gandalf sat thoughtfully, drawing on his pipe with a gleam of humor in his dark eyes. But finally Merry sat up tall on his knees. "But why do we cover our mantles with it?" he asked curiously. "Each year we decorate our homes with boughs of evergreen. Why?" Frodo smiled. "Well, it's said that the Fallohides were the first to discover the evergreens," he explained, "as they loved trees and woodlands. One day a father and his young son were searching for firewood in winter and they stumbled upon a grove of the trees. The son, seeing their beauty as they sat covered in snow, begged his father to cut some of the branches off to decorate their holes with. This is what started the tradition of cutting some of the limbs off and using them as yule decoration." "Wow," came a collective breath from the children, still held enraptured from the tale. Frodo, however, broke the moment as easily as he had begun it by smiling widely and sitting up straight. "Well!" he said cheerfully, and the magic moment was suddenly gone. "You have had your tale, and now I believe it is time you went to your parents." And then the children were all stretching and blinking, almost like they couldn't believe what they had heard but still amazed just the same, and several were protesting, begging for Frodo to tell them another story. But he refused, telling them too many stories would spoil a good night's sleep, and finally they had to admit defeat. "I'm gonna go home and tell Dad 'bout Old Man Green!" cried one of the lads, and his shout seemed to allow the other children to get up and agree. As the others were leaving, and Bilbo was overlooking their departures, Merry turned back to Frodo who still sat in his chair, now staring into the depths of the fire. "Was your story true, Frodo?" he asked curiously. Frodo looked over at his younger cousin, and smiled. "Every myth was once a truth," he answered cryptically, and Merry had to smile with him. 0000000 Later that night, having seen the other children off to their parents and Merry and Pippin to bed, Bilbo walked into the living room to find Gandalf seated by the fireplace, smoking again, his gaze deep and thoughtful; Frodo, curled up in Bilbo's armchair, was fast asleep. The sight of his nephew's peaceful, sleeping face warmed his heart. "Your Frodo is quite the storyteller," the wizard remarked in a low voice. "Yes, isn't he?" Bilbo agreed proudly. He took a seat opposite him and gave a long sigh of contentment. He looked around slowly, taking in the sight of the decorated smial, smelling the scent of leftover ham and turkey. "Well, Gandalf, my friend," he said finally, "we've reached the end of a year and begun anew." "Indeed," Gandalf conceded, dipping his head. "A time for new beginnings." "I don't suppose you have any resolutions to keep this year?" Bilbo asked, grinning. The wizard chuckled. "Not any you would understand." He blew a smoke ring for a moment, clearly lost in thought again, and Bilbo was content to let him speak at his own time. Finally, he continued. "I must leave in a few hours' time, my dear hobbit. I do apologize, but the White Council is meeting soon and I must be there to lend my voice." "So soon, Gandalf?" Bilbo asked, lighting his own pipe. "Frodo and I were expecting you to stay with our hospitality for a few days yet." "Yes, I know," the wizard said apologetically. "And I do regret that I disappointed the lad when I told him. He seemed very upset." "He would be. He's very fond of you." Bilbo sighed. "The dear lad is so grown now—he doesn't seem to be a tweenager, but a fully-grown respectable gentlehobbit." He chuckled. "He's going to be twenty-four this year. It seems only yesterday that he was the shy orphan who was so stifled in Buckland." "He's done a lot of growing since then," Gandalf said softly. "Frodo is a unique individual." He laughed suddenly. "Before he dropped off, Frodo gave me one of the cuttings of evergreen. Said it would remain green for a few weeks yet, so I could remember the story of Old Man Green and its meaning." Bilbo looked over at the small figure resting in the armchair, smiling fondly. No words were needed to show how he felt. As the night wore on, he and Gandalf broke into a bottle of Bilbo's finest wine and toasted each other, and the time of new beginnings. As it neared midnight and a fresh dusting of snow was falling, Gandalf took his leave of his hospitable host and disappeared into the darkness. Shivering from the cold, Bilbo closed Bag End's door and turned back to the warmth of the hearth and the picture-perfect scene laid out in front of him. After a long moment of taking another long sigh of contentment, he then grabbed hold of a home-spun blanket and draped it over his nephew. Frodo twitched but did not wake, and from his hand fell another sprig of evergreen. Bending down, Bilbo picked it up and slowly placed it on the mantle. He had suddenly grown quite attached to the little plant—a most remarkable thing, evergreen, just like Bilbo's Frodo Baggins. A/N: Here's to hoping you have a wonderful Christmas. I do not own the song at the beginning—that is 'Christmas Canon', by Trans-Siberian Orchestra.