teasing tone, "How are you feeling after the beer? I seem to remember promising to get you orange juice" "That would," he said, placing a whisper of a kiss on her forehead, "mean …," another kiss on her cheek, "letting you...," a line of kisses along the curve of her jaw, an answering sigh from her, "get out…," more kisses down her throat to the hollow at the base of her neck, an intake of breath, "of bed...," kisses back up the side of her neck, "which would be...," a touch of a kiss under her ear, rewarded with a soft moan, "a great..." a kiss at the corner of her mouth, "waste." And he covered her mouth with his own, feeling her thread her fingers through his hair and meet his kiss with equal fervour. Helena felt herself growing dizzy with desire as Legolas kissed her deeply. She thrilled to the feel of his bare chest against her breasts. The warmth and heat and softness of his skin contrasted with the delicious friction as her nipples rubbed against him. She could feel his growing arousal pressing against her thigh. She let her hands drift over his back, feeling the sharp angle of his shoulder blades and the firm muscles. Her hands slid lower, down the taper of his waist and on towards narrow hips. For a moment she hesitated, shy in the face of new, unexplored territory, then followed her instincts and cupped his buttocks with her hands. She found herself turned on even more by the firmness of the muscles and drew him against her. Legolas gave a shaky, breathless groan. He raised his torso slightly, then slipped one of his hands between their bodies, sliding it downwards till he could dip his fingers into the damp heat between her legs and stroke her slowly. It was Helena's turn for her breath to catch, before she let out a long, aching sigh. She kissed him again, then reached round and gently took his wrist, drawing his hand away. "I have an idea," she whispered huskily. She reached back between them and wrapped her fingers round his hard shaft. Slowly, she began to stroke the tip across herself, from the sensitive tangle of nerves to her moist opening and back. Legolas gasped, his breathing ragged, and murmured in Elvish once more, before adding, "I think I've died and gone to paradise." "I want you," whispered Helena, and paused, holding his cock against her slick opening. Legolas took the invitation and gently pushed against her, and this time Helena felt him slide part way inside her. She gave an involuntary gasp. His shaft was so much bigger than his fingers had been the night before. "Have I hurt you?" Legolas said, stopping. His face was full of concern. "It's a little bit painful," she answered, unable to do anything but be honest as she looked up at his deep blue eyes. "But I want you, I want all of you." In response Legolas slid his hand between them, and began to circle his thumb, waiting till he felt her muscles relax. Helena trembled at the magical feelings his strokes evoked, and without even being aware of it, started to move her hips against him. Legolas gently eased himself further in, until he was completely enveloped by the hot, velvet strength of her. He brought his mouth down onto hers, caressing her lips with a gentle passion. Helena shifted her hips against him. The initial sharpness of the pain had worn off, and the lingering memories of it were swamped by the incredible feeling of him filling her. She realised what the empty ache of desire she had felt the night before had been driven by. It was the instinctive need to feel this, to feel every inch of him buried within her, to wrap herself round him and move against him, with him. Sensing her movements, he began to move within her, cautiously at first, then gradually building up to long strokes, withdrawing almost to the tip before plunging his whole length back within her. Helena let out a series of gasps in time with his thrusts. Legolas gradually speeded the movements of his hand on the soft, downy triangle where her thighs met. She reached down with her hands and gripped his arse, seeking to gain purchase and pull him into her completely. She felt slow waves of heat building, radiating outwards, up through her belly and down along her thighs. The world seemed to contract to a narrow sphere centred on their joined bodies. Then all sensation shattered into fragments as she clutched him to her, wrapping her heels around his hips, dimly aware of his rhythm breaking erratically as he shuddered and spent himself within her, his weight collapsing on top of her. He brought his hands up to caress her shoulders and stroke her cheeks, pressing his forehead against hers for a moment, before sliding down and settling his blond head on her bosom. She stroked his back, feeling the trickle of sweat running down his spine. "I love you more than life itself," he whispered, and kissed her skin, tender, butterfly-light kisses. Helena found herself murmuring lines of poetry she had learned years earlier, at school. " Thou, Sun, art half as happy as we, In that the world's contracted thus... Shine here to us and thou art everywhere, This bed thy centre is, these walls thy sphere." It was several more hours before they finally got out of bed. XOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOXOX Author's Notes: The poem is (a rather imperfectly remembered version of) John Donne's "The Sunne, Rising." Can I draw your attention to the review button? This is my first attempt at anything like this, and I'd like to know if it's any good. If it is, I may do similar versions for some of the other chapters. If I don't get any reviews, it'll be back to the land of the T-rated for me...