Elfhelm's wife. One of the shrewdest women Éowyn knew, and not someone she wanted to talk to in her present mood. "Oh, the bairn is fine – a good healthy size, came out pink and started screaming fit to burst almost straight away, found her way onto the tit in no time..." The voices were coming nearer. There was no escape. Sure enough, a moment later the two women rounded the corner, Hilde with her business-like stride, and Athelburga, who was somewhat plump, waddling along by her side. "Lady Éowyn, how nice to see you out taking the air. Are all the preparations made for tomorrow?" Lady Hilde enquired. "Yes, everything seems to be well set," Éowyn replied. As she had feared, Hilde seemed to pick up on the slight hesitancy in her voice almost immediately. "Why, my lady, you're sitting there with a face as long as a wet Monday. What ails you? Wedding nerves?" To Éowyn's horror, Hilde plonked herself onto the bench beside her. Athelburga, following her liege-lady's lead, sat down opposite them on the low stone wall that surrounded the raised herb bed. "Oh it's nothing at all. I probably had a bit too much wine with the ladies of the Gondorian court last night, that's all." "Not as much as your groom, I'll wager," Hilde responded. She eyed Éowyn with her customary shrewdness, then said, "So what did they talk to you about last night?" "Oh, they wanted to help me prepare for my wedding night. Said that no bride-to-be should go into it not knowing what to expect." Athelburga snorted with amusement. "Ah, these strange folk from Stoningland. I've heard they bring their women folk up in ignorance of the ways of nature. But surely being from the Riddermark, you've seen enough livestock bred that none of it was going to come as a surprise to you." "Oh of course not," said Éowyn, then added with a slightly sad air, "But seeing horses, or cattle, doesn't give you any idea of what it's going to feel like." Hilde's brows drew together, and she eyed Éowyn suspiciously, as if this latest comment had given her the clue to home in on the source of Éowyn's mysterious and sudden fit of trepidation. "And what, precisely, did they say about what it was going to feel like?" "Well, you see, I've been so looking forward to my wedding night, but they said that he would have to force his way through my maidenhood, and that it would hurt like a dagger being stuck into me, and there would be blood, and..." Éowyn's voice trailed off. "Stuff and nonsense! What were they thinking of, to scare you so?" said Athelburga, sounding outraged. "For a start off, girl, use your head. Your maidenhood isn't like a drum skin, stretched tight all the way across the opening. If it was, how would your moonflow ever come out? It's more like a little frill of webbing – and chances are with the amount of riding and running around you've done, there won't be much of it left, and it's unlikely there'll be any blood either. Particularly not if you've done a little bit of investigation yourself..." The midwife looked at Éowyn, who felt her cheeks burning with embarrassment. "You're four and twenty – please tell me you've at least investigated a little bit?" Éowyn wanted the ground to swallow her up. She nodded mutely. "Thank heavens for that. The poor man's not going to have a chance of bringing you pleasure if you don't know how to bring pleasure to yourself." "But will it hurt?" asked Éowyn. "It might a bit – but that's not to do with any magical maidenhood, more to do with your muscles being tight and not used to relaxing – it'll get better quick enough. And the more time you spend kissing and letting him touch you beforehand, the easier it will be." "You do like him kissing you, don't you?" said Hilde. Éowyn felt as though she was being attacked on two fronts. It was a pincer movement worthy of Eorl the young on the battlefield of Celebrant. "Yes, of course," she replied. "And I don't just mean finding it a bit pleasant," said Hilde, fixing her with a gimlet eye. "Does it make your pulse race? Does it make you want to cling to him so tightly you almost feel like you'd like to become part of him, and him become part of you? Does it make you wet?" Oh Béma, her cheeks must really be aflame now, Éowyn thought. Hilde was asking if kissing made her wet – she could only mean that curious wetness that gathered between her legs when she kissed him – or even more so, when she thought of his kisses while she touched herself secretly, tucked up in bed at night in the privacy of her own chamber. She didn't know what to say. This was really not the sort of thing she had ever wanted to discuss in public, certainly not with the wife of her brother's first ever commanding officer. "I'll take the look on your face as a yes, then, my lady. Ignore the silly Gondorian women, fussing like a bunch of clucking hens. You'll be fine, and it'll all be every bit as lovely as you thought it was going to be before they got you all upset and bothered." Hilde rose to her feet and brushed her skirts down. "Come inside with us, my lady, and we'll see if we can find your intended, and have a good laugh at his hangover." I am, as most of my regular readers know, allergic to the Cartland-esque trope of blushing virgin ingénue ritually deflowered by the experienced, masterful man on her wedding night. However, if one is going to write a canonical wedding night, it struck me that given Tolkien's religious beliefs, it wasn't actually too much of a stretch to make them both virgins.