rear of the huge elf above him, pulling him as deep as possible; he had never experienced anything as intimate and loving as what he was now. Suddenly, he felt the presence of another fea within him and his own connected with that of the elf's above him. Love and tenderness encompassed him, but he held back. The pressure built in both elves and they came in an exploding climax. Erestor grunted as the warrior's heavy body collapsed atop his own. "I cannot breathe," he moaned after a moment or two;. The warrior panted as he slipped from Erestor and rolled onto the soft grass. Erestor smiled as he was pulled against a powerful chest and the mysterious elf spooned up behind him; the advisor allowed him to pinch and squeeze his nipple for a moment before they stilled. "I love you, Lord Erestor," he whispered and Erestor closed his eyes whilst stroking his arm. "I am sorry, pen neth, but my heart belongs to another, although I cherished your gift" "What makes you assume I am younger than you?" the other elf asked softly, and Erestor shrugged. "I just assumed. I am sorry... I...I cannot give you what you want." The warrior sighed and caressed his lover's back. "I know, you held back when our fea crossed." Erestor gasped. "You did that." "Indeed...may I have one request, my Lord?" Erestor turned his head to look up at the sky. "Of course." "Would you tell me which privileged elf holds your heart? I vow upon my honour as a warrior that I will never repeat it to another." Erestor sighed as he returned his gaze to the beautiful morning sun. "He is striking; since I first met him centuries ago I knew I was lost. He is so strong and powerful, in fact he is the largest elf in Imladris, but despite his size he is like you, so gentle, so caring. He is known far and wide, his reputation precedes him... oh Valar, he is so beautiful." "You sound deeply in love." "I am. He is all I think of day and night. It is hard for me to be so near him and yet not be able to touch him, not be able to tell him how much I love him." "Why have you not told this fortunate elf?" "He is perfect, he could have anyone he wishes. Why would he want me? I am the Chief Advisor, why would he want an elf who is undesirable, plain and so desperate for love that he joins 'The Hunt'? No offence." "None taken... my great Lord Erestor, you are by far the most beautiful elf on Middle Earth, I cannot understand why you do not see it. You are intelligent, caring , sweet..." He ran his fingertips lightly over Erestor's torso and kissed his neck as he spoke until the darkling began to laugh and turned to face the huge elf. "Shall I continue my Lord?" He questioned seductively. Erestor giggled and shook his head. His smile faded and he cupped the huge elf's masked cheek before leaning forwards for a sweet kiss. "Hannon le, I will never forget what you have done for me and I hope one day you find the one who can make you happy and love you unconditionally." The mysterious elf smiled. "I will never forget this... but enough of that, you have tried to escape telling me whom it is you love... now tell me," he scolded, and Erestor sighed as he lowered his eyes and ran his fingers over the warrior's large pectoral muscles. "Glorfindel... Lord Glorfindel" he lifted his eyes to the huge elf and felt his heart contract as he looked at closed lids. "I am sorry-." A finger pressed to his lips and the dazzling blue eyes opened. "Shh, do not apologise." They kissed one another sweetly and Erestor looked into his eyes. "You seem so familiar to me, your voice, your eyes and... and your hair." Erestor ran his fingers through the warrior's thick, golden hair. The being smiled. "I would be worried if I was not." Erestor's hands reached for the ties at the back of his head. "May I?" The warrior nodded, and Erestor slowly untied the knots; he moved aside the cloth, frowned for a few seconds before he pulled back and covered his mouth with a gasp. The warrior chuckled and lifted up onto his elbow. "Glorfindel?" "I hope so." the Vanya countered before his grin faded and he pulled Erestor's hands away so he could lean down and devour that sweet mouth. "I love you, Erestor." He pulled back and looked at his confused lover. "How? Why? I do not understand." "I saw you in the prey line... there is only one elf with your eyes and stature. As soon as you left I made sure to tell the predators not to touch you... I wanted you for myself." Glorfindel moved over Erestor, who stared at him for a moment before he smiled beautifully; he wrapped his arms slowly around Glorfindel's neck as the Seneschal leant down for a deep, slow kiss. "I love you," Erestor whispered as his beloved wiped away his tears. "I never thought this day would come... I fear this is a dream" "No baby... it is true. I have loved you since the day we first met; we are both old fools." Erestor chuckled and pulled Glorfindel between his legs, rubbing their awakened arousals together. "Take me please... I need you in me for now and forever." Glorfindel marked his neck and aligned himself at Erestor's previously prepared entrance and thrust home. Erestor arched and grasped him possessively. "Erestor... will you bind with me?" Erestor threw back his head and laughed in delight before rolling them so he was atop his beloved. "Yes." ~~~ Fin ~~~ Ellyn- Males (plural) Ellon- Male (singular) Ellyth- Females (plural) Elleth- Female (singular) Meleth nin- My love Meleth- Love Faer- Spirit Saes- Please