own and for others. Tears fell from his eyes and his vision slowly started to go black. A bright light filled this vision before finally being engulfed in darkness. … When Turin opened his eyes, it was morning. The sun light peeped in from the roof made of hay. He pondered why the halls of Mandos had such material when suddenly the door opened and bright light entered the room. A young woman with long autumn hair in peasant clothes appeared in the room. She grinned madly, "You're awake!" and ran toward him. The woman placed one hand on his forehead and her other hand on her head. She smiled, "This is good, your fever is gone now!" She giggled at the awe-struck elf. "You look so much better now!" She moved to the table near the door and started to fix up something, "You're really lucky that I found you when I did. You were at the brink of death and suffered from really high fever!" The elf stared at her. Trying to comprehend what had happened. The young woman continued to babble on, but he ignored it. This—everything—It confused him greatly. "Why?" he said out loud. She stopped what she was doing and turned to him. "What?" she looked just as confused as him. "Why did you save me?" he asked her softly and then looked at her. His eyes were furious and his voice got louder, "Why did you save me? You should not have saved me! I—I am dangerous to you—to everything around me!" His caretaker looked at him and smiled. Turin looked away from her and his voice lowered, "Why did you save me?" His hands trembled. Why, he thought, why am I so weak? I am battle hungry because I feel so powerful when I defeat my adversary. But it is just an excuse. None of this would have happened if I was not so weak. So weak…SO weak…SO WEAK! Then, the young lass touched the warrior's trembling hands and made them calm. Turin looked at her and saw a gentle smile on her face. With one hand, she wiped away the tears that unknowingly fell from Turin's eyes. "I saved you because it was the right thing to do." She answered, "I saved you because I am a healer and as a healer I cannot leave someone injured unattended to. I do not know why you were in that forest and why you were in such a state. I sure hope you would tell me sooner or later, but what I do know is that our meeting was not by chance. Everything happens for a purpose and I am so very happy that you are well. So please do not cry anymore because I promise you, you are safe here." Oddly, what she said calmed him and gave him much peace. Her voice seemed so familiar and yet so new. Her sweet smile was etched in Turin's mind forever. … "So, what is your name Lord Elf?" she asked him. "Turin." The elf answered. "Tuiren? Is that right?" the lass laughed, "That is such a strange name! Why are all elf names so strange?" "My name is not strange!" "Yes they are! They are so complicated that I can't say it! Why can you not have simple names like Eomer or Fangar?" "Well then milady, what is your name?" "Anura!" she smiled widely. "Anura? Ha! See? Now that is an odd name." stated the elf. The Lass crossed her arms and pouted. Turin corrected himself, "Forgive me. It is a beautiful name." She immediately grinned, "Of course it is! And don't you forget it! Now, it is time we discuss payment Mister Elfy." "Payment?" Turin questioned her. Anura sighed, "Yes, I am a healer. I do not just do things without a price. It was quite a hassle to get herbs for your fever." "I have no money with me." Turin said plainly. "I know that already. I've gone through your clothes." Turin's jaw dropped, "What?" Anura simply smiled. "All right then, what is it that you want as payment?" The girl smiled mischievously. "One year," she replied, "One year of service to me. You would help me gather herbs and help clean around the house. Can you handle that?" Turin sighed in relief, "Yes. To an elf, one year is like a blink in the eye." "Excellent!" … Third Age – 2800 … Turin paced around the front of the house. A loud piercing cry echoed and then silence. He walked around some more and fixed the cloth that hid his elven ears. He toyed with his golden ring in nervousness. His hair was much shorter now and he proudly wore peasant clothing of men than his old noble elven made clothes. Finally, the door opened and the ladies stepped outside and greeted the handsome Turin happily. They motioned him to go inside as they left the vicinity of the healer's home. On the bed, in the master bedroom, sat Anura smiling angelically as she held within her arms a small baby girl. "Turin," she said as he came into the room. He sat on the bed beside her and looked at the baby—his child. "She looks just like you," Turin commented. Anura smiled and touched Turin's hand—a gold ring gleamed in the light. She passed the baby to Turin. He could feel the small heart beat that the child gave out. He smiled tenderly as the baby slept in his arms. "What shall we name her?" his wife asked. " Gen eston Menelwen" (I name her Menelwen), he answered, "Celeste…" My Beloved Menelwen. My Celeste. Author Notes (5/16/2010): I would just like to make note that in this story, Turin is a character that was made specifically for this story. He, in no way, is or has resemblance to Turin Turambar, son of Huirin. It just so happens that his name is the same as this Great Person. End of discussion.