using his momentum to her advantage as she flipped him over her shoulder. When Théodred had finished helping the woman, he went in search of his cousin. He was nearing the end of the street and starting to get worried when he heard a commotion go up in the crowd a couple of yards ahead of him. Making his way past the people, he came to a clearing. When his eyes saw the unfolding scene before him, he moaned. His younger cousin stood over a boy who was lying on the ground. As he watched, she reached down and punched his nose, eliciting a sickening crack . The boy moaned and curled himself up into a ball, covering his face with his hands. "Gúthwyn!" Théodred cried. "What are you doing?" When the others heard his voice, they scattered in fear until the only ones left were Gúthwyn, the boy, and Théodred. Gúthwyn looked up guiltily. Théodred strode over to her and moved her away from the boy, bending down to check on him. The eight-year-old boy's nose was broken, a steady stream of blood oozing out of it and down his face. His eyes were glazed and Théodred saw that he was losing his hold on consciousness. Picking him up, Théodred turned towards Gúthwyn. "What did I tell you about using what I had taught you?" he demanded, frowning down at his younger cousin. "I-I'm sor-sorry, Théodred, b-but he wasn't going to l-let me p-p-play with th-them," Gúthwyn stuttered. "That makes no difference," Théodred replied. "You should not have struck him. Now we need to get this boy to his home." He looked at the boy and saw that he was still awake. "What is your name, young one, and where do you live?" he questioned. "My… name is Tun…" the boy answered faintly. "I live in… that house… over there." He pointed at a small dwelling shortly down the road from them. The gesture seemed to sap much of his remaining strength and he closed his eyes, becoming limp in Théodred's arms. "When we get there, Gúthwyn," Théodred spoke, "you will apologize to his guardian." Gúthwyn looked panicked and she opened her mouth to speak but Théodred cut her off. "I do not want to hear any protests. What you did was wrong and I am sure that whoever he is living with will want to know what has happened to him." As he talked, he began walking down the road towards Tun's home, Gúthwyn following him dutifully. When they got to the house, Théodred knocked on the wooden door. He heard soft footsteps approach the entrance and a second later the door opened a crack and a woman's head peered out. "Prince Théodred!" she gasped, pulling the door open the rest of the way. "Why have you come to vis—" she stopped as she saw whom Théodred was carrying in his arms. "Tun!" she cried. "What has happened to him?" she asked, frightened for the boy's safety. "Gúthwyn will tell you," Théodred replied. "Gúthwyn?" Now the five-year-old found herself at the center of attention. Taking a deep breath she began speaking rapidly. "I wanted to wrestle with him but he wouldn't let me because I'm a girl and so I punched him and then he tried to punch me and then I flipped him onto the ground and then I punched him and broke his nose and I'm really sorry and I won't do it again I promise!" she finished. The woman's face grew angry; Gúthwyn thought it was directed at her, and she grabbed Théodred's leg. "I do not know how many times I have told my son to stop wrestling with the boys! They are all younger than he is, and they constantly go home bleeding or carrying new bruises. Up until now he has not gotten a scratch. I told him that one day he would get some of his own back but he never listened!" The woman paused, and Théodred held Tun out to her. Taking the sleeping boy she blushed and hurriedly curtsied. "My apologies, Prince Théodred, for not having greeted you properly," she murmured as she rose. "That is all right," Théodred responded. "It is not important." "You are most kind," she answered. "Thank you. Gúthwyn and I must be off now. If there is anything we can do for your son, just let us know," the prince replied. "I will be all right," Tun's mother said. "Thank you for offering. Good day." "And you, my lady," Théodred spoke. "Farewell." "Goodbye," Gúthwyn whispered, following her cousin out the door with one last look at Tun. Once Théodred shut the door behind them he turned to Gúthwyn. "You are lucky that she was not angry with you," he told her. "Your uncle would have been most displeased. But this incident is between you, Tun, his mother, and me, agreed? My father does not need to know about it." "Agreed," Gúthwyn repeated, relief washing over her face as she grasped Théodred's hand. They walked back towards Meduseld in silence, Théodred mulling over his cousin's recent display of what she had learned from him. Yes, she definitely had potential. Théodred made a silent vow as they started up the hill to continue training her until she was old enough to learn how to use a sword. And train her he did, and under Théodred's wing Gúthwyn grew stronger and better at the art of combat everyday. Anyone who looked upon her face saw an immense joy in her eyes, especially after Éomer had taught her how to properly ride a horse and she got one of her own—a mare she named Heorot. Horses were held in high esteem in Rohan, and nearly every day after her lesson with Théodred she would ride with her siblings over the grasslands near Edoras. Later she would remember those years as some of the most joyous days of her life. But on her twelfth birthday, that happiness would end.