inside you." "Inside," she managed to gasp. He slid up her body to lie flush against her. Eowyn wrapped her legs around his hips, urging him inside her. Framing her face with his hands, he gazed at her. Hair cast across the pillow in a golden fall, cheeks flushed, lips parted, eyes wide and dark, staring at him. There could be no more beautiful sight in the whole world. He let his lips trail along the line of her jaw and down her neck, then back up again, suckling gently on her ear, stroking her skin with his fingers. "Oh, my Éowyn, I want... I want..." And now it seemed that his sudden inability to find words wove a spell as powerful as his earlier flood of them, for Éowyn ran her hands down his spine and over the flat, slender, strong planes of his buttocks, pulling him against her even as she spread her thighs further apart. He sank inside her, marvelling at the contrasts – her body so wet, so silken, so hot from it, enfolding him, enveloping him. Éowyn let out a long, shuddering sigh, raising her hips to meet him, eyelids fluttering closed. That feeling of fullness... she clung to him, running her hands over the taut muscles of his back, then wrapped her legs around him as if to claim every last bit of him. He lay within her for a moment until finally she untangled her legs, then pulled back, almost all the way, then thrust, first shallow, then deeper, deeper still, each motion slow and deliberate. Éowyn let her head fall to one side, lost in the sensations of feeling him. Through a haze of desire and sensation, Éowyn realised that his thrusts were at just the right angle, dragging to and fro across her. Sweat trickled down his spine, between her breasts, their bodies damp and sticky. She gave herself over entirely to the feeling of having him drive within her, commanding him, begging him, demanding more, pleading. Her words and his twined round one another, whispered against cheeks, murmured into hair, gasping, hoarse, each urging the other on, so that they could no longer tell where one ended and the other began. "Fuck me... Ride me... Come for me... Come with me..." The words were enough to tip both of them over the edge, red velvet darkness behind closed eyes, sparks of sensation engulfing bodies. Éowyn felt Faramir's weight relax on top of her, his head against hers, hair brushing her cheek. His breathing came hard in her ear. She felt utterly spent, boneless, as though her body had somehow dissolved. She lay beneath him, one hand thrown back above her head on the mattress, the other resting in the small of his back, fingers tracing the beads of moisture that glistened on his skin. His fingers tangled in her hair, gently tracing circles on her scalp. Eventually he spoke, laughter just beneath the surface of his voice, a wicked undertone to his words. "So, my lady, it seems you were not averse to being flipped onto your back and forced to surrender after all..." "Forced? If I remember correctly, it was I who asked for you to take me hard and fast. In fact you might say I demanded, rather than surrendered." She stroked her hand lazily over his skin. "Still, we stuck to the main cliché of the genre: I ended up on top." She felt his lips against her cheek, quirking into a smile. "There is no need to sound quite so smug... I might even go so far as to say there's no need to be quite such a cocky bastard... I think I shall have to challenge you to a sparring bout in the practice ring. Winner chooses the forfeit next time we're in bed. And you know that I am as likely as not to best you at fencing. Who knows, perhaps by way of a forfeit, I may find some silk scarves..." Faramir lifted his head slightly and looked at her, raising one eyebrow. "Really?" He brought his lips close to her ear and whispered very quietly. "I would like that. After all, I didn't get to watch for very long this time." "And whose fault was that?" "Yours, for tasting too tempting." Éowyn snorted with laughter. Then said rather reluctantly, "I think my arm's going to sleep." Faramir rolled off her, pulling a disappointed face as he did so. They lay side-by-side for some time. Eventually, Faramir rolled over and grinned at Éowyn. "Do you know, I fear that all this research, though enjoyable both as an exercise in scholarship for its own sake and..." Here Faramir couldn't stop a lascivious grin appearing on his face, "As an exercise in the importance of applying theoretical learning to practical situations, has nonetheless failed to establish the housekeeper's thesis concerning the corrupting tendencies of literature. For I must admit that I have never seen either that stable lad or his sweetheart engaged in learning their letters." Éowyn giggled. "Well, that's hardly surprising. I happen to know for a fact that neither of them can read at all." ~o~O~o~ Author's note: Inspired (if that is the right word) by some interesting reviews I and some of my friends have received, taking issue with our overly spiky, non-surrendering, even (whisper it) feminist takes on Éowyn. It would appear that these reviewers would be more comfortable were we all to model our writing on the output of those two well-known (though possibly not well-respected) publishing houses, Mills and Boon, and Harlequin Romance. This is my modest effort to give those readers what they want. But remember the old adage: "Be careful what you wish for, for you may get it." With thanks to Sian22 for allowing me to use a spare "Harlequin-esque" title she had lying around the place. NB, this is the "theatrical release" version for the fanfiction site. The "director's cut" can be found on AO3.