realised, he was sitting on his own catapult and could not defend himself against it. Clutching knitted Merry protectively to his chest and closing his eyes tightly so that he would not have to see himself being eaten Pippin gave a mighty wail of fear and weariness and started to cry. Nothing happened. "Hello," said the giant troll softly as it knelt by Pippin. "Do not fear little one. I will not hurt you. Are you injured in some way?" Pippin opened his eyes and hiccupped. "I don't think so." "Shall we made sure?" came the soft voice again. Pippin thought about this. "Aren't you going to eat me?" The giant troll smiled. "No." "Promise?" "Promise," the vial creature said seriously. "Not sit on me and squish me to jelly?" "No, I promise not to sit on you and squish you to jelly." Pippin sat up. "What is wrong with your feet?" he asked. "Do they hurt when you walk?" "No I am not hurt, but I want to make sure you are not hurt." "I'm alright," said Pippin after feeling his arms and legs. "We were just being chased by a giant dog." "We?" the ugly giant troll looked round. "Me and Meriadock Brandybuck." Pippin held up knitted Merry. "We're on an adventure but I never thought to capture a giant troll." "I am very sorry to disappoint you," said the monster, "But I am not a giant troll." He seemed genuinely to regret this and Pip was starting to feel sorry for the not giant troll with the damaged feet. "I am a man." "Oh!" said Pippin, not sure if he quite believed what he was being told. "My name is Estel and I am Elf friend and friend to Mr Bilbo Baggins, if you know him." "Uncle Bilbo!" Pippin clapped his hands. "Yes – Uncle Bilbo knows everyone in the outside world. He has travelled all over Middle earth." "And where do your journeys take you today my young friend?" Estel asked kindly. "I am going to Brandy Hall to see Merry in Buckland by the Brandywine," Pippin reeled off. "You are a little out of your way," Estel said. Pippin nodded. "I expect I missed Rivendell just after I ate my apple." "Ah," said Estel. "Then we had better feed you and set you on your way my friend." Pippin did not know which of the two he found more reliving. "I have a map but if you would guide me and knitted Merry to Brandy Hall I can pay you. I have five pennies, two buttons, one shiny pebble and a conker." The giant smiled. "I am honoured to be trusted with such a commission." He placed his hand to his heart and bowed his head. "And for such a privilege I would expect no payment." Some time later the tall figure of a ranger could be seen slipping through the woodlands and quiet ways of the Shire under cover of darkness. In his arms he gently cradled the sleeping form of and exhausted and well fed Peregrine Took. Dawn was tinting the hills when they arrived at Brandy Hall. Not wishing to frighten anyone to death Estel left his burden on the doorstep, knocked on the door and concealed himself to watch as the door was opened by a young hobbit lass wearing a mop cap and apron and carrying a coal scuttle. The girl cried out onto seeing what had fetched up on the doorstep and called back to some one behind her. As Estel watched the still sleeping little hobbit was gathered up and taken inside. Then the man slipped away as silently as he had arrived. Pippin was curled up contentedly in the big kitchen rocking chair whilst he straightened knitted Merry's clothing and made him presentable for company. "You are a handsome hobbit," Pippin chatted away. The housekeeper came in about the same time as the Master and Mistress of the Hall and they all met in the doorway. "Word must be sent by fast rider to his parents," Saradoc was saying. "What I want to know," said Esme, "Is how by all that is good did he get here?" "He has a map," said the housekeeper. "But it seems to be of a place called Lake town." The adults stood around looking utterly baffled. Pippin finally noticed them and jumped down from his seat to offer hugs all round. "Hello Aunty Esme, thank you very much for knitted Merry. Hello Uncle Sara. Can I see Merry now? I have bought him some pipe weed." Saradoc took the paper package Pip thrust up at him and opened it carefully. "I think Merry is well enough for a visitor," said Esme, "but you must be very quiet." "We will," promised Pippin and made knitted Merry bow to show how seriously he took being quiet. Pippin was ushered along the many corridors of Brandy hall and finally lead into he familiar room that was his Cousin's. Merry was propped up on his pillows. He looked pale and there were smudges under his eyes but his pimples had faded now to little pink spots. "Hello Pippin!" Merry greeted with delight. "Your parents have come to visit?" "No," said Pippin, climbing up onto the bed to hug Merry. "Only us. Oh look!" Pippin pointed eagerly to another little knitted hobbit that sat on Merry's bedside table. It had slightly longer, darker hair, bright green eyes, a big smile and was wearing a teal jacket and scarf. "It's me!" At the door Saradoc and Esmerelda looked at each other. "I feel that this is a mystery we may never solve," aid Esme. Saradoc opened the paper package and sniffed the content. "And Merry is not having that!" Esme insisted. "I thin it will do him no harm," Saradoc smiled at his wife's indignation. "It is a strange sort of pipe weed." He laughed. "Pippin travelled all this way to bring Merry peppermint tea." The end