like." "Thanks, Sam. But don't rush it. Just tell him to come when he's finished with whatever he's doing." "All right, Mr. Merry. Anything you need?" Merry thought for a moment. He was tired but not as exhausted as he had been and he felt that he would be able to be up for a while now. "Maybe a book. Just take something lying about somewhere or I can ask Frodo later. I don't think I'll have the concentration or energy to do any proper reading, although it would be nice to have something to do." "So, Merry!" Pippin said, bouncing into the bedroom and plopping down on Merry's bedside. "I hear you're awake and talking. That is very good news. How are you feeling?" Merry felt his scrutinizing gaze and met Pippin's look with a determined one of his own. "I'm feeling…." Merry was about to say "just fine" but thought better of it. "Better." "You look better too, Merry," Pippin said. "Fever's down at the very least and your breathing's better." "Pip." "I'd even say you've got some energy back too. What's that you're reading?" Pip!" "What?" "I…. I'm sorry. I…" Merry ducked his head and folded his hands on the top of his sheets. Everyone had told him he'd saved Pippin during that fishing trip but Merry wasn't so sure. He'd lost hold of him when they were almost at the shore and Merry could never forgive himself for that. Everything came back to him properly now. The walking trip, the sudden rain, the wild idea to go fishing without poles or spears, how he'd struggled to find Pippin in the stream and almost managed to save him and how he'd thought Pippin dead. "I know you say I saved you, but how? I managed to grab you but then I lost you again." "Merry!" Pippin exclaimed, his voice full of surprise and anger. "How can you say such a thing? You did save me!" "But-" "Merry. Listen to me. I was dragged under the water after I fell off that rock and somehow hit my head, although I didn't feel any after affects but the healer found a bump on my skull, and was knocked unconscious and turned face down. I would have drowned had it not been for you! You jumped in, you remember that don't you?" "Yes," Merry wanted to say that he wasn't the one being hit on the head so of course he wasn't daft but he had forgot so many details and the situation was much to serious for such nonsense. "You also remember grabbing me and from what Frodo has told you swam with me to a large rock, and almost reached shore before the current changed, right?" Merry nodded, battling too many emotions at once to trust his voice at the moment. "When you think you lost me Mr. Tunnely grabbed one arm and Frodo the other and they got me out of the stream. Since I was unconscious they had to get me out first and besides, I was lying on top of you so the two of them had no other choice than to do what they did. When they got me on the shore you were too weak to swim against the current yourself so they-" "They threw a rope out to me." Merry finished. "Yes. So you see you did save me, it was only your mind that mixed things up a little." Pippin looked at Merry with eyes brimming with love that Merry couldn't help but cry and Pippin instantly gathered him in his arms. "Thank you Merry, do you hear that? Thank you for saving my life." Merry snuggled into Pippin's shoulder, wetting his shirt with his tears but at the moment Merry couldn't care less. "You're welcome. I'm so glad you survived and that you didn't get really sick." "Well," Pippin said against Merry's neck. "You sort of got that part, didn't you?" "I suppose. But I'm better now," Merry answered. "Yes you are, but let the healer be the judge of that, will you? And I do not want to see you padding about these hallways before he says you can." "I won't." "Good." Pippin pulled away a little but held Merry by the shoulders. "You've got to spend at least some time in bed – about a week if I understood Mr. Burrows correctly this morning – so we've plenty of time to discuss what we shall do for the rest of the visit." "Fine. Want to go fishing?" Merry asked, hoping that the joke wasn't too far off. "Just as long as you bring the poles," Pippin said and they both laughed. "Now, sleep for you young master Brandybuck, then supper if you're a good lad and tomorrow your parents will be here to check in on you so you'd better do your best to get well so they don't worry too much." "Yes, Pip," Merry said and meant it. "Tuck me in?" Merry couldn't help but add the last comment as Pippin had put on his stern cousin mode, the mode Merry usually used with Pippin and not the other way around. But then, Merry thought lazily as Pippin tucked the blankets snugly in under his chin and saw to that his pillows were just so, nothing about this had been as it used to be. "Love you Pip," Merry mumbled as sleep claimed him. "Love you too Merry." Pippin doused the candle and saw to that there was wood on the fire before quietly stepping out of the room and closing the door behind him. Merry would be well and so was he. Smiling to himself and humming Pippin went to the kitchen to see if there was something he could scrounge up for a late tea. END A/N: The Hobbiton healer, Mr. Burrows, is my invention, brand new for the sake of this story. The Winter Sickness is Marigold and Baylor's term, I'm just borrowing it.