his feet touched the floor, he was almost completely off the edge of the mattress. Merry and Sam stood on either side of him to assist, while Pippin sat cross-legged against the wall a little ways away from the bed, watching him with his chin in his hands and his elbows on his knees. "When you're ready, transfer your weight to your feet and stand up," Aragorn coached. His left leg's bruises cried out, but he could ignore them. His knee also wailed at the strain, and it was a little harder to ignore, but he pushed it out of his mind as much as possible. He shakily stood on his own two feet, feeling nearly every inch of his body aching and pleading to stop this craziness. "Very good!" Aragorn said, pleased. "Can you walk, as well?" Frodo could step forward with his right foot just fine, but when he shifted his weight to step with the left, his knee buckled and Merry had to catch him. "Here, cousin, hold onto my hand and try," Merry coached. Frodo clung to Merry with his right hand, resting heavily against his arm, and this time was able to step with the left foot. "Perhaps a cane of some sort would help," Sam suggested thoughtfully. "Typically you ought to use a cane with the opposite hand, but in this case that's not possible," Aragorn said, intrigued by the idea. "But having something to lean on should help. We will just need to make sure you do not injure your right shoulder in the process." Frodo nodded, pleased by the prospect of being able to get around with his bad knee without needing someone to lean on. "The challenge will be finding something the right size for you, but even that should not be too difficult. I will make some inquiries, but in the meantime, Frodo, please do not attempt to go anywhere without having someone with you," Aragorn cautioned. "I do not think you would want to take a tumble on top of your current injuries." "Not at all," Frodo hastily assured him as Merry helped him step back to the bed so he could sit down. "Good. Now, would you prefer to remain here until we can obtain a cane for you, or go back to the house? I am willing to let you leave here so long as you comply with that one request." "What would be easiest for everyone? I am well aware that I need assistance with many basic functions right now." Aragorn looked to the hobbits, who quickly assured Frodo they would gladly help him with anything he needed. Frodo seemed reluctant to impose himself on their helpfulness, but finally agreed and said he would like to go back to the house. By the end of the day, Frodo was ensconced at the house with his friends, and Aragorn was very close to success in obtaining a cane. Aragorn went the next morning to take Frodo to make the final measurement for a wooden cane being shaved down to size, then returned him to the house with a promise to return with the cane by nightfall. And he did. Even one day of relying on others to get from one place to another tried Frodo's patience, so he was overjoyed to have some independence restored to him, especially since it meant he could now go relieve himself without needing help. Between the cane and being able to adjust to doing many things one-handed, Frodo was able to endure the aches and pains with some contentment. He chafed at being slow and feeling like an old gaffer, but resigned himself to the fate he brought on his own head. Gradually the swelling of his knee went down and the constant pain receded into a periodic twinge, and his other injuries also began to heal. His bruises turned vivid colors before starting to to fade, his ribs didn't ache nearly as often, and his shoulder felt stiff but not as sore. Aragorn kept his shoulder and wing securely wrapped even after he stopped wrapping Frodo's ribs and knee, saying he wasn't confident yet that they were healed well enough. When Frodo returned to the Houses of Healing for Lurgan to look at his wrist, he was able to walk all the way there and back with the aid of the cane, which made him feel better about his progress. Lurgan was pleased with the healing in his wrist, and provided instructions to do some gentle exercises to restore the range of motion and start making the joint stronger. Frodo left with his wrist lightly wrapped instead of splinted, and he felt very accomplished, indeed. Until he remembered he would probably never fly again, that is. Many clear, bright days he would sit in the garden and look up at the sky longingly, imagining what the city must look like from above. He had hoped to explore a bit of the mountains, see the other side of this mountain range, and perhaps even take a peek at how Mordor looked these days. But it was impossible, out of his reach forever. When he was alone, he allowed himself to wallow in his self-pity. His cousins and Sam didn't understand how it felt to be grounded after you'd known the wonders of flight. During his darkest moments, when he wondered what the point was of having useless wings, he contemplated getting rid of them somehow -he wasn't going to use them, after all- but he would come to himself and realize that while returning to the Shire with useless wings would be an oddity, it would be even worse to go back with no wings at all. He would have to content himself with being flightless for the rest of his life. Perhaps it wasn't such a bad fate, compared with what could have happened to him in the Black Land. But he couldn't help longing, aching, for what had been.