said that we is way hotter than Dobby and we didn't look like any Russian Presidents. Asked what Russia was and it said never mind. Later, it got very upset when found out we was not referring to it when we says "Precious." Made us watch Flipper 300 times when we said that we called it "it." Now wants us to call it "she." Told it to get out of Second Age. We then got into argument when it wouldn't tell us what it gots in its pocketses. Worked out in end, though. We is inviting you to come to our Wedding on March third. The wedding is at 4:00 at Mount Doom Methodist Church, and the reception is at Fresh Fish From The Fish Tank Bed and Breakfast. Scrumptiously crunchable refreshments will be served. Please RSVP by February 25. Love, Sméagol/Gollum xxx Dear Granny, Sorry you couldn't make it to our wedding. We will provide you with a transcript of the wedding. We used our first initials so that it won't take as long to write. S stands for Sméagol and S stands for "Shirley." S: We is almost ready for the wedding. What is you laughing at? S: You look really funny in a tux, Sméagol. S: Yeah, well you're the first orc I've ever seen in a wedding gown. S: Where's the ring bearer? S: WHAT? What ring bearer? We can't let it touch the Precious, oh no! Sméagol is not pleased! (Frodo comes in) Frodo: I'm lost. I don't know where I was sailing to at the end of Book VI. S: Nassssty Baggins! Frodo: Oh hi, Sméagol. Can I have my finger back? S: NO! Was stroking the Precious lovingly, it was. S: Sméagol, this is our ring bearer. S: WHAT! (Wedding starts. "Shirley" lets Sméagol be the groom and the ring bearer in order to minimize the number of poked out eyeses. Frodo exits once he is told that he is going to Undying Lands because Aragorn DID get married.) Priest: Sméagol/Gollum, do you take this orc to be your lawfully wedded wife? S: Mustn't ask us. Not its business. Priest: But you have to answer the question. S: No we doesn't. Priest: Just say "I do." S: What's taters, eh Precious, what's taters? Priest: What? S: How about I'll say "I do" for him. S: How about we strangles the nasty, nosy priest? (Priest runs out of the room) To be continued later as we is hungry and must go eat some fish so juicy sweeeeeeeet! xxx Hello Sméagol, We was so glad to hear that your wedding went well. NO WE ISN'T. WE HATES SMEAGOL AND WANTS HIM TO BE UNHAPPY FOREVER! We has only 3 preguntas: 1) We thought the wedding was on March 3. It is only Feb.16. What happened? 2) How come you simply didn't "accidentally" push the ringbearer into Mount Doom? and 3) Is you kidding yourself? Of course you're not straight! Send us the rest of the info about your wedding. However, how come you didn't strangle the nasty nossy priest? He has no right to go poking his nossssssssse in other people's business. We should bite it off. No news from Granny. We isssssss just living our very boring life. How come the rock and pool is nice and cool? Where is our receipt for loincloth? We is getting impatient over here Sméagol! Love, Granny (we wants a name.) xxx Dear Granny, Answers to your questions: 1) We changed the date of the wedding so that you couldn't come because we hates you. No, we loves Granny. NO, WE HATES HER! 2) The ring bearer was already in Mount Doom so we couldn't push him in. 3) Sméagol's feelings is hurt. Of course we is straight (YOU LIAR). OK, here is the rest of our wedding. S: Now look what you did! You scared the priest away. S: Nasssty nosy priest. S: How are we going to get married now? Frodo: I can marry you guys. S: NO! Sméagol doesn't want to get married to master! Yes we does. No we doesn't. S: He didn't mean like THAT, Sméagol. He's going to replace the priest that you scared away. S: Oh, we gets to poke HIS eyeses out? (Sméagol chases Frodo around church.) Frodo (while running around): Do you take this woman to be your lawfully wedded wife? S: MUSN'T ASK US! NOT ITS BUSINESS! S: Just say "I do"! S: NO! S: Sméagol, do it for me. S: Then can we poke its eyeses out? Frodo: No! S: All right. S: We does. Frodo: Do you, "Shirley," take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband? S: I do. Frodo: Now you give her the ring. S: WHAT! Frodo: You have to give her the ring. S: Nobody tells poor Sméagol he has to give away precious! S: It's part of the ceremony. S: Can't touch precious! Frodo: You need to give her a ring to get married. S: Then we doesn't want to get married. S: Then you got into that tux for nothing. S: Doesn't care. S: (starts crying) S: What has it got in its pocketses? Frodo: Oh, this? This is an Elven ring. S: Where did the hobbit get it from, eh Precious? Frodo: Gandalf gave it to me because he has an Elven ring at the end of Book VI. S: We gives that ring to "Shirley"! Frodo: No, you can't have this. S: Nassty Baggins. We pokes its eyeses out if it doesn't give it to us. (Frodo hands over ring and Sméagol gives it to "Shirley") Frodo: I now pronounce you husband and wife. You may kiss the bride. (Runs out of church). S: We can't kiss bride, though. S: Why not? S: Can't reach. We plans to go on honeymoon to Undying Lands once we figures out how to get out of this stupid volcano thing. Sorry you couldn't make it to wedding (not really). Love, Sméagol