"I was," Faramir said, his eyes saying a thousand times more than his words. "But my father called me back to Osgiliath, as the city was about to fall and he needed all of the available men. My brother was gone, and he put me as a captain in his stead." "Oh." She scattered the remaining pieces of the leaf on the ground, and followed them with her gaze as they were blown about. "Gúthwyn," Faramir began hesitantly, his voice sending shivers throughout her body. "Were you friends with Boromir?" She looked at him, and saw that he genuinely cared for his brother. It was possibly the one thing that the two of them had in common. "Yes," she said, folding her arms over her stomach almost without realizing it. Her voice was softer as she added, "He was a wonderful person, and I grieved to learn that he had perished." "You did not see his fall?" Faramir asked quietly. "I was having difficulties of my own," she muttered, flinching as she thought of Haldor pinning her arms to his chest so that she was powerless in his grasp. Éowyn glanced at her sympathetically, but neither of them spoke of what had transpired that day. There was a brief silence, and then Éowyn said, "Gúthwyn, have you seen the children today?" Faramir's head turned so fast that she thought it might wrench itself from its neck. "I left them in the care of Tun this morning," she answered, the tiniest smile tugging at the corners of her lips as Faramir's eyes widened. He clearly thought that they were her own; she did not doubt, either, that his mind had flown to Borogor. "I-I did not know you were married," he said unsteadily. Gúthwyn glanced at him. "I am not married," she replied, a sudden bitterness coming over her. But for Faramir, she would have been Borogor's wife. "Nor do the children have a father. He was killed a long time ago." She allowed him a few seconds of panic to think about what he had done, and then continued. "So was their mother." He was caught off guard by this. "I… what?" "The children are not Gúthwyn's," Éowyn told him, and a look of relief passed over Faramir's face. Gúthwyn felt almost guilty for causing him so much worry a few seconds ago, for making him think that he had killed her lover and the children's father. Yet such sentiments quickly dissipated when Éowyn put her arm comfortably around his waist. "Indeed, how old is Hammel?" her sister inquired, turning to Gúthwyn. "Nine," Gúthwyn answered, in spite of the situation smiling as she thought of the boy. "Haiweth is six." "Aye, and Gúthwyn is twenty today," Éowyn said. A flush swept over Faramir's face. "Forgive me," he murmured, and gave a small bow. "I did not mean to—" "It is fine," Gúthwyn cut him off, not in the mood to hear his apologies. He fell silent. For a time, no one said a word. They had completed a circle around the gardens, and though Gúthwyn tired quickly of the seemingly endless rows of flowers, Éowyn and Faramir seemed content. Out of the corner of her eye she observed them. On one occasion, Faramir stooped down to pick up a pure white blossom, slipping it deftly behind Éowyn's ear. She giggled, standing on her tiptoes to place a chaste kiss on his cheek. Gúthwyn looked away quickly, and felt her mood worsen. For the life of her, she could not understand this change in her sister, who had been so determined to ride into death only a few months ago. She had been stern then, even as she smiled—so she was called the White Lady of Rohan. Yet now there was no trace of that former person, of Gúthwyn's sister. "Tell me, Éowyn," she said at length: "Have you shown Faramir your skill with a blade? I do not doubt you would give him a worthy challenge." Éowyn laughed, but shook her head. "Alas," she replied, "I no longer desire to go to war, nor to use my sword." For a moment, Gúthwyn thought she was hearing things. But as her sister smiled, and squeezed Faramir's hand, she saw that Éowyn was serious. Her jaw dropped. "What has happened to you?" she asked in bewilderment, though not unkindly. "Have I missed that much while I was in the Houses of Healing? The Éowyn I know never passed up a chance to show her prowess with a sword." "The past few months have been full of change," Éowyn agreed, gazing up at Faramir with a sparkle in her eyes. He cupped her chin gently in his hand, seeming to forget that Gúthwyn was there. The long, lingering look that the two of them shared was like a stone dropping onto her heart and crushing it utterly. She was left with no doubt that the two of them were deeply in love with each other. The reasons escaped her, but it was clear to see that the Steward was smitten with Éowyn, and that her sister cared for him equally. Unbidden, tears welled up in her eyes. She would never have this happiness that Éowyn so righteously enjoyed. To love someone so tenderly, so wholly, and have it returned—that was what she and Borogor had had, what she had foolishly not realized until it was too late. Now, Borogor was dead, his body cold and decaying in the forests of Ithilien, while his killer walked the earth, holding hands with her sister. "Excuse me," she whispered, and turned away. As she strode towards the entrance to the Houses, struggling to keep the tears from spilling over, she heard her name being called. Yet she only hastened her steps, ignoring the screaming protests from her ribs and ankle, needing to get as far away from the Steward and her sister as possible. It was not even noon, and already her birthday had been ruined.