Make him whole again. Give him the chance to be happy," Aragorn offered. Arwen hummed. "I know this. And now, so does Legolas. Unfortunately I fear that it is not possible to do these things. So we will do what we can." And they did. Legolas and Gimli were invited to the city as often as they always head been, only now when Legolas wrote, begging their leave due to a prior commitment, they refrained from sending a message asking him to reconsider. When Legolas came to visit it was always an open invitation to stay as long as he chose. And when he informed them after a few days that he had to return, they bid him a safe journey. During their visits to Minas Tirith both Gimli and Legolas enjoyed time with their old friends, and with the young Prince and Princesses, watching them learn and grow as time passed. Eventually, many years after the end of the war and the defeat of Sauron, Aragorn died, and Eldarion was soon crowned in his stead. The grief that Arwen and Legolas shared at Aragorn's passing, was overwhelming. Arwen kissed her children goodbye and left the city to wander alone. Legolas however left Ithilien with Gimli in tow to sail from the Grey Havens. "When we reach the sea, it will be hard to say goodbye to you, my friend," Legolas told him as they rode. Gimli harrumphed, the gray of his beard catching the light in a way that the red never had. "What makes you think I will be letting you say goodbye, silly elf," Gimli replied. Legolas looked at him in confusion. "Whatever do you mean, Gimli? Surely you know you cannot come with me," Legolas explained. Gimli grumbled again. "I do not trust you not to get lost at sea. I shall accompany you as far as I can. If I am rejected from stepping foot on Valinor's shores than I shall watch until you are safely on dry land, and then return to my glittering palace in the caves of Rohan." Legolas watched him carefully, a slow smile, even more rare since the death of Aragorn, spread across his face. "Be honest master dwarf. You wish only to catch a glimpse of the beautiful Galadriel once more," he teased. Gimli turned away, the red tint on the tops of his cheeks giving him quickly away. Legolas' laughter filled the forest trail for several minutes before fading away. It was several hours before they spoke again. "Elf, tell me truthfully, do you regret loving him?" Gimli asked, taking care not to say Aragorn's name. Legolas thought a moment before replying. "No. Not even for a day. Perhaps for a brief moment when the pain became so great I longed for Mandos, but even then it faded quickly, and I was glad for it," Legolas explained. "Glad?" Gimli asked, "for all the heartache loving him has caused you?" Legolas shook his head. "Glad for all the joy it brought me. Loving Aragorn is the best and the worst thing I have ever done, Gimli. Being with him, however briefly, changed me in innumerable ways. I would not have joined the nine, if it had not happened. I would not have befriended you. My entire fate hinged on meeting him and loving him and losing him. And I am not so arrogant as to wish it all different. Relief is coming, and hopefully you will be by my side, even in this, our last adventure." Gimli nodded. "Aye, knowing you has certainly been one of those," he replied. And this time when Legolas' laugh rang out, it was joined by the deeper heartier laugh of his dwarven friend. Author's Note: I am in no way a Tolkien scholar. What I do know (or think I know) I have garnered from the movies, fanfiction, a small bit of research and one and ½ full readings of the trilogy. Any factual errors are my own. I have used information acquired from the appendices of The Lord of the Rings and from several online resources, including Parma Endorion, by Michael Martinez. I found Chapters #'s 3 and 10 to be the most useful for my purposes. Unfortunately the website where I downloaded the book is no longer available online. Some of the ideas behind this story were inspired by The Folly of Starlight Series by AC, and her wonderfully informative essays located here: . I recommend "Puritanical Elves and 'Morgoth's Ring'". Very informative. I do not have a beta at this time. All spelling and grammar checking is done by me. If I've totally messed something over, please tell me. Any 'Americanisms' are my fault. As I am not British and therefor am a pour judge of what exactly constitutes an 'Americanism' there's really no hope for change. As I like to say... "English is English, even if it's American." I can only hope I can be forgiven. I've tried to keep my Elvish to a minimum. Mostly because I absolutely incapable of learning a foreign language. I'm terrible with tense forms, and the different parts of grammar. I've never been able to learn a different language, and can barely claim to write English (American though it may be) properly. I can't even explain the difference between a verb and an adjective. What Elvish I have used, was pieced together from words found here: /Ifreann/Tynntangial/eng_ Title Explanation: Manu Qualme = Spirit Death or Soul Death "manu" - spirit, departed "qualme" - death, painful Legolas's Traditional Gift: Olva-Oore = Plant of Emotions "oore" - heart (emotions) "olva" - plant (living thing not self mobile) I know very little about the Valar, Mandos Halls, the celebration of a child's birth in Gondor, or among the elves. And I have never ever read about anything remotely similar to the flowering plant Legolas' gifts to each of Aragorn and Arwen's Children. It was a visual that came to me one night, that refused to leave.