move even as it did so. His thanks had been accepted. The child, all angry eyes and chubby cheeks, followed this exchanged with growing annoyance. Legolas towered over his (her?) small form and he felt himself bending his knees in order to reduce the gap. No need to make the child feel any more threatened then it obviously was. "Are you deaf?" the child asked suddenly. Legolas started, blinking thrice. His head cocked to the side, mouth hanging slightly open in shock. "Or just simple?" Legolas was barely given a second to answer before the child continued with their tirade. Their Westron was odd, spoken in a way that signified it did not come naturally. "I have asked you twice and I will ask you a third time- what were you doing laying on Samira? She is young, she cannot carry your weight. What if she had buckled? Would you have apologised and walked away as if nothing had happened?" The wind whistled past them, tugging at the child's hood so much so that a hand rose to secure it. Their fingers were small and several shades darker than Legolas' own digits. The colouring reminded him of better times and his chest twisted painfully. His eyes closed briefly as he tampered the bout of grief. When he opened them again he found himself peering curiously at the child and they sighed, clearly exasperated with his silence. The child's mouth opened again, ready to throw a barrage of angry words his way but he cut them off smoothly, holding out both of his hands by way of surrender. "You named the sapling Samira?" He expected, at least, some relent. He predicted the child's shoulders to fall as he or she's attention was diverted by the question. He expected the child to begin a tirade as children often do when they are proud of something. Instead, the child's eyes narrowed even further until he wasn't even sure if his form was still perceivable through the nearly touching lids. "N o ." The child responded, as if Legolas were indeed simple. "She named herself." Now it was Legolas' turn to narrow his eyes, his brow furrowing slightly. "What?" The child sighed and Legolas wondered if perhaps the child thought of him as some big, blundering idiot who fell asleep on saplings and couldn't understand the simple concept as a tree naming itself. It wasn't that he couldn't understand the concept – he knew (and rightly so) that all trees had a name, a sentience that should be respected and honoured – he just couldn't understand how an Edain child could come to the same conclusion his forefathers had realised eons ago. "She cannot say much, she is only small and you have sat all over her." There was accusation in the child's voice, as if they were personally disappointed in Legolas for laying on the tree. The little one rushed past him and crouched before the tree, tiny chubby fingers hovering over the tree's surface as though afraid to touch it. They threw, what Legolas assumed to be, another accusing stare over their shoulder, chubby cheeks high under the hood as though they glared at him. "You've rubbed off some of her bark. She will not thank you for that." Legolas tried to move to accommodate the child. Stumbling slightly as he stood from his crouch he turned to face the tree and its small protector. "I am sorry," he said quietly. The child stood too, arms rising to cross over their chest. Legolas wished to ask the child more questions but the light had shifted above their heads, it bore down heavily on his body. What should have provided comfort had now become a burden. He wished so dearly to sit back against Samira's warm embrace. "I-" he began before abruptly closing his mouth. He blinked, rather stupidly he guessed if the child's answering huff was anything to go by. The world grew dark as he swayed on his feet. He gulped, shaking his head to rid himself of this sudden ailment. His breathing deepened, the symptoms only getting worse. When was the last time he had eaten? Legolas felt so very young – could almost hear his father's voice chastising him for being so foolish. The child's arms unfurled as they lent forward. "What is wrong with you?" The child asked and the question bore no warmth. If anything, they sounded even more annoyed that Legolas had decided to choose now to come into difficulty. When he did not respond the child moved forward, hands outstretched. "What is wrong ?" the child repeated, though this time concern had warmed their voice. Legolas attempted to speak, his mouth opened and closed as though in imitation of a fish. His hand, large and shaking, rose slowly until his palm lay flat against his chest. He gave one last confused look to the child before his legs gave way and all was silent in the Greenwood once more. Notes From The Author : I've done a lot of research into Proto-Indo Iranian, Old Persian and Modern Persian (Farsi). The words I use are a mixture of all three languages. I am most definitely not a linguist aha therefore the grammar and sentence structures are probably wrong so I apologise for that. The title 'Agape' is the Ancient Greek word for the fourth type of love: Selfless Love. It is the love extended to family and friends. C.S. Lewis referred to it as "Gift Love". It is unconditional love. The story is told in two parts, in the past and present thirty years apart. Hope that wasn't too confusing! I hope you enjoyed the chapter, thank you for reading. Let me know what you thought. - Aobh x Translations : "Tuvam! Ay Ava." (Old Persian) - You! Go away/down! Galmîr and Ethillim are names I've made up. Galmîr roughly translates into Light Jewel or Treasure and Eithillim again roughly translates to Clear or Sparkling water/spring/well.