certainly ranked up there, if only for the incredibly foreign nature of the pain- pain caused by a massive rod being shoved up one's ass, after all, was not something one encountered regularly. Underneath the pain, however, was a haze of pleasure, faint but undeniable. Up until this point Skrithûrz had actually had the courtesy to not move , something for which Legolas was extremely grateful. It was at the exact moment that the thought crossed his mind, though, that Skrithûrz decided to move, and that was when Legolas received the real shock. And that Skrithûrz had, in fact, been only halfway inside of him, and while he had recovered- to a degree- from the initial intrusion, the introduction of twice the intrusion was almost as painful as the first. Legolas could tell with relief that this time the orc was well and truly seated fully inside of him, for he felt the uruk's balls nested against his ass. This still wasn't any fun, though. After the foreplay, he had been expecting something fantastic, like he had experienced earlier but to a greater degree. This was only mildly pleasurable, however, and glazed over with a nice layer of pain. That feeling was not to last, however, for in that moment Skrithûrz did something that changed his whole perception of the experience. Skrithûrz's control finally cracked at that moment. The elf had damn better be adjusted by now, and if not, sucked for him. Skrithûrz couldn't hold back any longer. He pulled back, adjusted himself for better leverage, tightened his grip on the elf's waist, and surged forward. He lost control of himself briefly, wrapped up merely in the delirium of his pleasure as he pounded mercilessly into the elf crying out and writhing beneath him. After a few moments of mindless thrusting he collected himself, and turned his mind to giving the elf greater pleasure from the experience. He began to change the angle of his thrusts, searching, until— Legolas screamed as the huge orc struck his prostate. Skrithûrz grinned above him, but he was utterly oblivious, so lost was he in his own blinding world of pleasure. He continued to moan and keen as the uruk continued to abuse his prostate, striking the little bundle of nerves again and again. Legolas rode the wave of his pleasure for what seemed at once years and mere moments, but in reality was probably somewhere in between, perhaps in the area of five minutes or so. At last- or perhaps all to soon (this was all very confusing)- Legolas could feel an unfamiliar tightness in his stomach that, while unfamiliar, he recognized and understood. It was accompanied by a tightening in his balls that he understood very well indeed. He held on for a few moments, until Skrithûrz hit his prostate one last time, and he was lost. Skrithûrz could tell that Legolas was close- so was he, but he had to finish off the elf first. He continued to thrust determinedly into that magic little bundle of nerves until Legolas at last tightened around him and came all over his own chest. The arousing sight was almost too much for Skrithûrz, but he held on, thrusting a few more times through the almost painful tightness until he thrust at once as far into the elfling as he could go, and lost himself deep inside. The elf squeaked at the odd feeling, and Skrithûrz rode out his orgasm before finally pulling his softening member from the elf's now gaping hole, lolling to the side and collapsing. They both lay there for a while catching their breath, not saying a word. Skrithûrz was the first to recover, and rose casually before refastening his pants (he'd never actually removed them, all he'd taken off was his armor at… some point. God only knows when) straightening his shirt, and fastening on his armor before he turned and smirked down at the still breathless elf his cheeks flushed and pale skin marred by innumerable bite marks. "Well, my dear little Legolas," rumbled the smirking Uruk-Hai, "Thanks very much for the good time. Now, I really must be off, but who knows. Perhaps I'll drop by at some point." Skrithûrz smirked again at the elf's shell-shocked face before turning and striding back into the woods. I really need to drop by Mirkwood more often , he thought, and continues to stride into the woods. Wow, soo… that's about four times longer than I was expecting haha! Ah well, I think it's a decent first effort. Anyway, please rate and review. Thanks for reading! EDIT: Thank you to Balena for pointing out an error in which Skrithûrz briefly managed to accomplish momentary autofellatio and come down his own throat... yeah I don't think there's an Uruk alive who's that flexible. Anyway, he was supposed to be thrusting down Legolas' throat not his own sooo... thanks for pointing that out! Thanks to everyone who read, reviewed, and favorited/followed me and the story! Based on it's popularity and by request, I may open this story back up and continue it- make a whole cliched forbidden romance thing with these two. Let me know what you think! I've got to finish a Laven I'm working on first though. Been putting it off for months... ANYWAY! I seem to be relatively unable to come up with ideas on my own so I would love to take requests! If I know it, I'll probably do it, unless it's something gross (one of my friends requested an D. Gray-man Millenium Earl/Bookman fic... sorry, Cole, not happening *shudders*). Fandoms I like will be on my profile, and I'm probably more likely to write within those, so check that out! OK, wow, did not mean to write this much. Anyway, thanks a ton for the support! Translations (by order of appearance): Sindarin: orchorn= *Orc shit! Black Speech: urk= *Damn! Black Speech: golog= *elf Sindarin: orch= *orc (wow, I'm sure that was tough to figure out xD)