Legolas could see Éowyn's gaze softening, though very slightly. "And if I were to tell you the weight that I bear, my Lord, what then? Would you shame me with thy sympathy, or think me weak for allowing the burden to affect me?" Legolas wanted to give her a reassuring smile, but instead he kept his eyes steady on hers and pursed his lips. It was a serious gaze. A gaze of one warrior to another. "Neither, my Lady," he answered firmly. "I would merely hold the weight briefly for you, until you were ready to take it back. Even the strongest horses require a respite from time to time, as do the strongest of warriors. And unlike thy kin, I am an Elf. And I do not judge thee, White Lady, nor am I in a position to abuse thy confidence." She regarded the Elf for several moments. The burden she spoke of was so closely guarded that she did not even admit it to Éomer or the King. She could not believe it but his eyes seemed to tell her she could trust him. "My burden is not born of having too much responsibility, Legolas," she began, keeping her voice steady. "Nor is it the whining of a spoiled Princess who yearns for a life of idle leisure." She looked fiercely at him for any sign that he thought so lowly of her. She was almost afraid when she saw no sign of disdain or disbelief on his face, and merely a serene gaze, as though he were waiting for her to resume her tale when she was ready. "The King kept to his own counsel when he was…when he was ill," she continued. "In particular, he held the opinion of one above all others – Gríma Wormtongue, who you met when you arrived at Edoras." She spat the name with contempt, her voice shaking slightly. "Wormtongue was not loyal, either to the King, or to Rohan. He was selfish and ambitious, far more concerned with his own advancement and his own skewed view of Rohan. He used the King to gain power, hoping to take the throne for himself, and all that…all that he hoped would come with it." Éowyn could not keep her voice steady as her mind filled with the horrible ideas that Wormtongue had smeared her with when he revealed his true intentions. "With Théodred dead, and the King not himself, it was left to my brother and I to hold the Kingdom together. Éomer was often riding with his legion, fighting Orcs who had crossed our borders and doing what he could to protect the outlying villages. Taking care of the King and in essence ruling in his stead fell to me and to…to the King's advisor." "As the years went by, there seemed to be no improvement, either in the King's condition or the defence of our lands. Orcs roaming across the Mark became commonplace, as Éomer could not stop all of them as he could not be in multiple places at once. Many became despondent, fearing that our way of life, our future, was slowly slipping away from us. When you face such sheer despair for years on end, my Lord, one learns not to hope. One learns that hope has abandoned these lands." Legolas watched as Éowyn turned away, looking out beyond the walls. Her voice was very quiet, and her eyes cold. Her lip quivered, but he did not dare interrupt her. She seemed made of stone to him in that moment, and yet so delicate still as to be ivory or even glass. Firm to the touch surely, but liable to shatter at any moment. "With the King fading, and Wormtongue poised to take his power, my only thoughts were on the safety of my people. Wormtongue would be merciless and cruel, and he would never listen to Éomer, or accept any defiance from my brother, which would surely come. That was the burden I was forced to carry, my Lord. Knowing that my home was being destroyed, eroded from within by dark forces, and seeing no salvation, only a sacrifice that would have to be made to bring small comfort to my people in what could be their final days. I would have no choice. I am the White Lady after all, and I would do my duty for my people." Éowyn swallowed as long buried feelings poured forth as she confessed to Legolas. It was a desperate and terrible bargain that she knew would have been presented to her once Gríma seized control of the throne. In the months leading to Legolas' unexpected arrival at Edoras, she had resisted all of Wormtongue's advances, and he had grown more fearsome and tormenting, hissing at her of all manner of wicked thoughts and threats. She had foreseen the sequence of events in her mind, forced to think on them as he recited them to her again and again. She had seen no way out. Legolas could not help himself. He reached out for her as she ceased speaking. She did not need to say anything more as anger welled within him as the disgusting scenario became clear to him. He nervously touched her shoulder to reassure her and found her suddenly turning into his arms and crying into his chest. He slowly ran his hand up and down her back, whispering to her in Sindarin, and their touch was a shock to both of them. "You are strong, Shieldmaiden," he whispered. "Wormtongue is gone. You need not keep him here any longer. You were brave to endure such torment for so long, Lady Éowyn. Still you stand. Still you fight. Still you persevere. You have not been defeated. He is gone and you have won, my Lady." Legolas was grateful when she pulled away and gave him a timid nod. He remembered the feel of her, even after he escorted her back inside and wished her good night.