She weakly grabbed at the items, but was barely able to lift her arm. Haldir was glad for all the healing experience he had while he started to go through the routine of cleaning the wound, applying a healing salve, and wrapping it in a clean cloth. His cape, now in strips, was not what one may consider clean, but it was the best he could do and it would last until he could get a proper bandage. As he was tying the last knot, Haldir heard the horns of victory. Despite Brianna's faint protests, he picked her up bridal style and carefully carried her out to where the men were gathered. "Prince Legolas, please help her," Haldir called out to one of the only familiar faced in the crowd. The Prince of Mirkwood hurried over with concerned eyes. "What is wrong?" he asked, staring at the small figure in his friend's arms. "She was stabbed multiple time is the torso area," Haldir explained. Legolas called over Aragorn and Haldir laid Brianna down. The Heir of Isildur checked her wounds with grave eyes. "There is nothing more you can do," he said after a few moments. Haldir bent down as Brianna started to cough violently, blood spraying from her mouth. "Her lungs are filling with blood; there is nothing else we can do except wait for her end," Aragorn told the elf, grief in his face. Haldir looked into the girl's face and a question struck his mind. "How old are you?" he asked her, dreading the answer already. "Fourteen," she gasped before erupting into another bloody coughing fit. Tears pricked the back of his eyes as he looked at her blood becoming dry and crusted on his hands. She has had enough time to love, to hate, to experience all she need to experience; yet that makes it worse because she has had only enough time to been able to taste these feelings and not experience them as a whole, Haldir thought. "Everybody move!" a voice cried out and Haldir looked up to see her two friends sprinting towards them. "I am sorry, but she is almost gone," he whispered once they had stopped. "Banana, get the bag out. If I remember correctly there is still a little bit left. Oh why Brianna, why did you have to be so stupid?" QingQing said. The last light of life left Brianna's eyes as they stared unseeing up at the sky. Haldir felt a tear slide down his cheek. "Yes! There is only about a spoonful left, but that should do it!" Banana exclaimed. Legolas, Aragorn, Haldir, and now Gimli as well looked on as the two children each a small handful of purple dust from a worn, brown bag and started to chant and sprinkle it on Brianna's body. "Qui reverteretur ad vitam possit mortuus indolis Qui perdiderit animam suam ut revertantur ad carmina Ut femineo Respirare Ut femineo iterum audi Ut femineo gustabunt iterum Qui dedit animam suam ut revertantur ad omnes Ut qui fideliter et vita redit vocan Ut femineo loquátur Ut femineo sentire iterum Ut femineo ultra videbitis Qui reverteretur ad vitam possit mortuus indolis Qui perdiderit animam suam ut revertantur ad carmina" As the pair finished the last word, everyone jumped back as Brianna gasped for breath. "Thanks guys, now can you help me up? I still feel like shit," the once dead girl said. Her friends lifted her to her feet while the others could only stare in shock. "Before you ask, it was magical fairy dust I bought off of one of our section leaders in band that can bring someone back to life. Of course there are rules, but I'd rather not explain them right now." She stumbled forward and gave Haldir a big hug despite him wearing hard armor that dug into her skin. "I would visit you, but I think it's time for us to go back to our own families. I'm starting to miss my parents," Brianna said, still burying her face in the solid metal. Haldir felt terrible as he had not thought that these children had families somewhere waiting for them to return home. He hugged the small girl back, realizing that what she was saying was they would never see each other again. He watched the trio walk off into the horizon. Two tall bronze skinned figures with a small figure covered with a black cloak and hood in between them. Haldir, the Marchwarden of Lothlórien would never forget the small fourteen year old girl who taught him to smile even when it seemed as if there was not light in the dark and to see the good in everyone even if it seemed as if there was no good in them. That was it, I wrote it in one go so sorry if it's horrible. I tried to lace it with humor and my own small oddities. I thought that appearances did not really matter so that's why I didn't really add any. If you desperately want to know what they look like, let me know. And by bronze skin I'm trying to say they are Asian in a not racist way. Please review and tell me what you think! I do appreciate professional criticism that could help my writing improve. The chant is in Latin, I got it off Google Translate. Keep scrolling down for it in English. May the life return to the one who has died so young May the life return to the one who has lost her song May she breathe again May she hear again May she taste again May the life return to the one who has given her all May the life return to the one who has faithfully answered the call May she speak again May she feel again May she see again May the life return to the one who has died so young May the life return to the one who has lost her song