it without its master permission. She released the hilt and the world seem sharpened to her senses. She glanced at Quicksilver. "You would give me this sword, Bellasarod ?" Quicksilver shook his head. "It is not I that gives. The sword, whose name means noble strength, chooses its own master. It chose you. You must take it. It would protect you on your journey." Jasmine nodded and took the sword, sheath and belt, and buckled it on. It hummed under her touch, a comforting weight by her side. It was time for her to go. After tucking her journal in her rucksack, along with a spare set of clothes and the bare essentials, Jasmine turn to Quicksilver to say goodbye. She looked at Quicksilver's amber eyes and green beard and choked back tears. Quicksilver could sense her unhappiness however and with one gnarled hand lifted Jasmine on his shoulder. He petted her clumsily and set off for the forest edge. Jasmine planned to make the journey to Rohan on foot for she had set her horse free upon reaching Mirkwood. She was armed with her bow, sword and knowledge, a formidable match, but she knew enough to be wary and keep an eye out for unseen dangers. Thus, she set off on the next leg of her journey across the grassy plains of Rohan. At first it felt odd to her. The endless greenery under her feet and the undying blue over her head made her feel exposed and unprotected, for she grew up in the forests and was unused to the wide expanse of space. But after a few days of camping with a small smokeless fire and tramping pass unmarked and wild lands, she began to enjoy the wind on her face and freedom she felt to finally be on her own. Once, she had just stopped to rest when she suddenly heard a low thumping. Crouching low on the ground, she had crept up a small hill and peer over it. She saw a small group of orcs clutching their weapons and stamping their feet. They had a stallion trapped in a circle and were preparing to kill it, but every time they went near, he would rear up and strike at them with his hoofs. The orcs were wary, but even Jasmine could see that the horse was tiring and it was only a matter of time before the stallion's strength fail him. Jasmine gripped the handle of her sword hard, letting the thrill of battle wash over her. She could feel the adrenaline pounding through her blood, rushing through her veins. In one fluid motion, she stood up and unsheathed her sword. Icy fire burned along its sleek blade as it sensed the battle light in Jasmine's eyes. The orcs didn't even have time to blink before they were cut down. Jasmine spun and twisted on her heels, as if dancing to a hidden music. The blade flashed and hummed in a bright arch around Jasmine's head, the halo of the noble avenging angel. Before long the orcs laid dead on the cold grit and Jasmine was kneeling by the stallion's flank. Gently, Jasmine whickered softly to him, soothing him with light pats on his heaving side. After assuring the stallion that she meant him no harm, she examined the stallion, looking for injuries physically, but mentally, she was probing the stallion's aura, checking for rips or tears that would signify a spiritual injury. She had learnt this skill from Quicksilver, who said that it would come in handy later. So far, Jasmine had only practice this aura reading on plants and animals – and Quicksilver of course, but he was not really human or elf. All living things have an aura, it was like a life force, Jasmine could see it if she concentrated and looked out from the corner of her eye. It was like an envelope of color, plants have a very faint pale green, and most animals have an orange or yellow aura. She herself was a silvery blue sheen. Quicksilver has a silvery aura, after his name sake. Jasmine still had to reach into her inner calm to see auras, not like Quicksilver would could pull open a window in his mind and read auras anytime he wanted. He could stay that way for days at a time, but Jasmine had only just mastered it and needed practice. Quicksilver said that one could actually hide one's aura from another's eyes, but Jasmine despair of ever learning it, in fact only really powerful wizards or elves could do that. Still Jasmine loved looking around her surroundings and seeing a multitude of bright light every where. To her it was like stepping into another world. Every time she did it, she felt like she was connected to the earth itself, in tune with the music of the universe. After checking that the horse was alright, Jasmine applied a salve on the stallion's hind quarters where an orc managed to hurt it. Then leaving the horse where it was, she got around to burying the orcs, a nasty but necessary job. By the time she was done, it was almost dark, so she made camp nearby. The horse was still resting where it had lain down. Jasmine knew it would take care of itself, so she paid it no mind, however, she was startled when the horse followed her to her camp site and made no move to leave. Petting the horse's neck, Jasmine made clucking sounds with her tongue. The horse responded by flicking his tail and tossing his head back to look at her, as if to ask what do you want. Jasmine smiled. "You don't want to go, do you, boy." The horse flicked his tail again and suddenly laid down on the grass beside her. "Well then, you'll just have to stick with me." So... how do you like it? Please feedback so that I can improve. :) Thanks