down, determined to keep her awake. "Kera…listen to me. Did-did you know that elves sleep?" She shook her head vigorously, grabbing his cloak, burying her face in his lap to hide from the violent downpour. "They can," he insisted, stroking her hair, forcing her to look at him. He shielded her face with his arms. "…if you know how. It is a sleep-like trance. I could teach you." He nodded, encouraged by the flare of hope in her eyes when he said, "…for when we Eldar cannot stand the waking world any longer. I could teach you. You just have to stay strong. Don't give in. Fight." But there was no answer. And suddenly the captain was there, black hair…green eyes. He panted, sword in the water. "Maeglad!" Legolas hissed. He clutched her bloody side and it soaked his fingers. The sight made him sick. He was covered in it…blood, gore, and the rain washed it away. "Help her." He managed. "Quickly." The elf dropped to his knees and Kera glanced at him, shaking. Wonder lit her face at the sight of the other elf. She blinked furiously, feeling calloused hands stroke the rain from her face as fast as it fell…her cheeks, forehead, running in her eyes, and she whispered something. "Can…can I go there?" "Where?" Legolas said even as he positioned her head to rest on his good leg, giving Maeglad access. "Look at it." he commanded. "Can I go t-to your place? Where the elves are?" Maeglad, even as he ripped cloth from her side, glanced at Legolas in confusion. The prince just shook his head. "Be still." Legolas commanded gently, and he turned his attention to the healer. He was touching her, taking in everything with skilled eyes and quick, practiced hands. "How bad is it?" He demanded. "Can you heal her?" "Legolas!" she panted, shaking her head. "Don't try…please. I-it's alright, I promise." And in that moment, Maeglad looked up. Legolas saw the expression in his eyes. He heard the words over and over in his head, a thousand variations of it. It made his heart race with panic, unreasonable panic. She will die. She has died in place of you. She is here and gone…another candle snuffed in the wind. "The wound is serious..." Maeglad said instead. And then the world changed for Legolas. He saw again, breathed clear air. It rushed into his lungs and filled him with strength. The rain shattered on his arms and he blinked it furiously from his lashes. It was cold and clean. "…but not fatal." Legolas looked up, peering through the rain. "Help me get her back to the settlement!" . . . . . . Legolas sat in the healing halls, fingering a quill and ink nearby. Warm, late sunlight poured through the windows, and in the bed beside was a breathing, slumbering girl. He dragged his fingers up and down the back of her hand absent-mindedly, reading the latest update on pursuing the Chiktata outside Ithilien's borders. Estel wouldn't let him fight with the troops, not until his shoulder healed. … Three hundred miles away, delicate columns of rising white stone wove through a sea of green. Thranduil looked out over the balcony, watching specks of jade, russet and gold move through the twisting branches. Elves, his people walked the halls, peppering an edifice of granite bridge-ways grown from the trees. The city glowed a pale, beauteous blue in the rapidly falling dark. Lanterns threaded through the boughs and cast a faint, scintillating hue of green over the palace, walkways and platforms set in the trees. Stone, leaf-strewn stairs spiraled in every direction from where he stood. And suddenly, a shroud of murmuring boughs stirred. Thranduil turned his head. A messenger ran up the walkway, bearing a cracked letter. "This arrived by raven, sire." The source surprised him briefly… It was Legolas. He was supposed to be here in a matter of days! Thranduil frowned, glancing over the lines in an uncharacteristically messy, scrawled script. "Thank you." he murmured. Adar, … I am sorry, but my return home is delayed. We encountered some unforeseen problems clearing the forests south of Ithilien. It seems a barbaric tribe of the far Haradrim has been driven north, and they're proving difficult to deal with. We have an unexpected guest though, and I plan to stay and see her recovery before my visit home. 'Twill not be long. Estel has ridden from Minas Tirith. He says she will heal by the full moon, and I'll be home soon! Until then, do not worry. Thranduil raised a skeptical brow. But then the words turned more serious, and he scanned over them slower. I know that my letters have been sparse of late. And I know they've caused you to worry. But things are better now. I've tried to write of my experiences in the last months, to talk of it on my return home…the war, the sacrifice. But it was difficult; I didn't understand. Sometimes I think it is not worth it. Sometimes I think the cost is just too great. There are so many ways to be brave, so many things to sacrifice. Why must death be one of them? Why is something so sacred so easily lost? I think I saw the answer in a dying girl's eyes, Ada. There was no sacrifice there. I thought there would be anger. I thought there would be fury… But it was a gift. Something so terrible should be ugly! It should be unforgivable, as it is unforgiving. But I think death has a beauty in it that I never saw before. ' Till we meet once more: - Legolas Thranduil stared at the closing a long, unsettled moment, before lifting his eyes and staring cryptically at the flecks of white stone in the floor. Had he missed something crucial in his time away? This new-found, philosophical side to his son? He frowned. Sometimes, it was hard to grasp that child.