that made sure the trade caravans and other travelers were safe on the long circuitous routes from all ends of this part of Middle Earth. "The day is going to be clear and bright," he said glancing over his shoulder to his lover. "The ride will be beautiful." "Any time I can ride with you it is beautiful." Faramir snorted and turned, perching on the windowsill as he gazed over Eomer's body. A few new scars here and there but not much else changed. He was still powerfully built, muscular from riding and fighting and pale skinned from wearing leather armor most of his days. His hair was loose on the pillow, a soft yellow cloud that was his personal halo. Given the circumstances, it ringed his head with light. Eomer patted the bed and yawned. "Come. Be with me." Faramir rose and crossed the room, sitting down beside Eomer his arms bracing himself over the prone figure of his lover. Looking down at him, noting dark lashes flush against his cheeks and his full red lips he felt the love that was the best part of his life overtake his heart. Leaning down, he kissed Eomer softly his heart fluttering as a strong hand reached up and gripped his head gently. Callused fingers threaded through his hair and he sighed against Eomer's mouth. "Rise and shine, lazy butt. We have a job of work to do today." "Do not remind me," Eomer said his hand falling to the bed. He frowned, his eyes still closed and sighed deeply. "I will be glad when that bit of business is over with." "We had to do it, Eomer," Faramir said softly lying back alongside his lover. "It was for the good of two countries." "I know," Eomer said quietly. "We for whom much is given also much will be expected. We do not always get to live our own lives," Faramir whispered. "If we did much would be different," Eomer said with certainty in his voice. He turned and raised himself up on one elbow resting a broad callused hand on Faramir's chest. "We would not part the way we do if this was so." Faramir nodded slightly, a wash of emotion filling him. He felt a sense of peace at that moment he received nowhere else in his life and it warmed him. With the back of his hand, he touched Eomer's face warm skin to warm skin. Dark lashes folded against pale cheeks as Eomer embraced the simplicity of Faramir's soft touch. Eomer lay back and pulled the big man into his arms holding him tightly for a moment. "In a moment," he said quietly. "We will leave in a moment." "You are going to kill me." Grima looked from one to the other, his hands shaking in his lap. A tear slid down his cheek as he watched them stare back silently. He shifted in his seat. "I can tell you things, important things, things about Saruman." "And we are supposed to believe you," Faramir said quietly moving to sit on a chair on the other side of Grima. He was between them, trapped and it showed. "You can. Why would I lie to you now?" he asked looking frantically between the two of them. "Because that is what you do," Eomer said his expression hardening. "You lie the way some people breathe. Nothing you could tell us now can be trusted." "But I promise you," Grima said emphatically. "I promise you that I will tell you whatever you want to know." "That is what we fear, Grima," Faramir said quietly. He looked at Eomer who nodded. Rising, he pulled a thin rope from his pocket grabbing one of Grima's arms. Grima rose, struggling and Eomer countered him helping Faramir tie his hands behind his back. Grima screamed and cursed, struggling as hard as he could as they wrestled him and when the deed was done he was let loose to fall to the ground. He cursed and cried, barely able to raise his head high enough to see them. Turning and gathering their winter gear, Faramir and Eomer pulled on dusters and fur-lined overclothes. Eomer grabbed Grima's arm and pulled him to his feet dragging him to the door. Faramir followed speaking softly to the men who had stepped back out from behind the curtain at the start of the fracas. Then he turned and followed Eomer out into the darkling snowfall and closed the door behind him. ===They rode down the trail and up toward the great tree that had such a significance for them. It had been a giant oak many hundreds of years old and in its split trunk rent in two by lightning, there was a blackened cavity. On a cold night months before, they had dragged an unwilling man up this same trail half carrying him to the place where he would meet his end. They had discussed it for a long time ruling out directly ending him themselves. They chose instead to give him back to Middle Earth and leave him inside the oak tree forever. When they arrived at the spot, they sat uneasily each delaying that moment when they would find Grima there. He would still in all likelihood, be frozen and the ghastly possibilities bothered even these two seasoned warriors. "After you," Eomer said glancing at his lover. Faramir grinned. "It is your country. You must have pride of place. I will follow you." Eomer sighed and smirked in spite of himself. He dismounted slowly and waited for Faramir, the two of them then turning and climbing up the slope. They paused before the tree's broken interior glancing at each other for a moment. Then Eomer leaned over and kissed Faramir. "Alright now, let's do this together." Faramir nodded and took a deep breath. "One, two, three," he whispered and then they both stepped upward and peered inside. "Oh, dear god," Eomer whispered softly … The End c11/10/2007