was in despair. You were the only safe port in the storm for me, Aragorn. The only one, ever." Aragorn nodded sighing. "I kept you with me, never letting you go anywhere alone. I couldn't chance losing you. I needed the comfort of your presence. You had no idea how much I needed you with me did you." Faramir shook his head. "No." "I did," Aragorn said moving closer. He pulled Faramir into his arms, his hands gripping Faramir's ass tightly. "I had to have you with me." "I am here now," Faramir replied sighing sadly. "I am sorry for your hurts." For a while they held each other and then Aragorn turned clasping Faramir's hand. They continued on silently. By the time they were halfway around the lake Aragorn stopped and looked at Faramir. "I married a woman I could no longer love. We had children, a son and three daughters." Faramir nodded. "I am glad for you." Aragorn nodded. "I love them dearly. They are my fortune." "It could never have been so between us. To have children, to leave a legacy, that is worth much." "You left a legacy. Boromir grieves still for you." "My brother ... he is well?" Faramir asked his voice catching in his throat. "Boromir is my Steward and Chief Councilor. He is my friend and my brother, Faramir. He is well. He married Eowyn of Rohan after some number of years. They have a son. They named him Faramir." Aragorn smiled in spite of himself caressing Faramir's stunned face with his hand. He nodded and sighed shaking his head. "My whole life. I have missed my whole life." Aragorn sighed, moving to sit on a rock. For a moment, Faramir stood silently and then he joined Aragorn, the two staring out at the birds bobbing on the blue and shimmering surface of the lake. "I wished for so much, Aragorn. I missed everything." "You are here now are you not?" Aragorn asked his voice filled with hope and fearfulness. Faramir turned and looked at him, nodding. "Yes. I am here." "Then that is what matters. You are here." They sat together talking about people and shared memories as Aragorn brought him up to date with the world. By the time the sun was setting, the past had been cleared up and they would return to the cabin with more peace in their hearts than they had before they left it that morning. **********Years before ... He paced in the corridor, the sounds behind the door separating him from his wife heavily muffled. Elrond had come from Imladris, others of the family coming from the Havens, Lothlorien and East Lorien. They had gathered for the momentous occasion, the birth of the first child of the King and Queen of the Reunited Kingdom. Elrond would deliver the child, his healing hands more than up to the challenge of bringing his first grandchild into a loving world of family and friends. Celebrian, now living apart from him with her parents assisted. In the corner of the corridor where Aragorn paced, Gil-galad sat reading a book. Others gathered around him, friends and relatives, each of them waiting for the good news to come. Legolas and Eomer, along with Gimli had ridden down from Rohan to sit and wait. The tension of his body was clearly delineated in the short and brisk turns of his pacing back and forth. Eomer, King of Rohan watched him and then glanced at his companion and lover, Legolas of the Wooded Realm. He grinned and rose, walking to where Aragorn paused staring out a window to the sparkling night beyond. Torches of light, signaling the vigil of hundreds of citizens sparkled below them as people waited to hear the news of the birth of a son and heir to the kingdom of their beloved King and Queen. "You pace well, my brother. I am impressed with your persistence." Aragorn glanced at him and smiled. "I am King. I am by station required do all things well even if they are frivolous and annoying to others." Eomer snorted and began a retort when the door opened and Celebrian appeared a radiant smile on her lovely face. She glanced at all of them and gestured for Aragorn, who jolted from his surprise to follow her inside. The door was ajar and Eomer stood before it, Legolas materializing at his side. The bedroom was filled with female relatives and friends, ladies-in-waiting and other interested parties. Elrond, toweling off his hands stood nearby, a huge smile on his face. Glancing at Aragorn, he watched with pleasure as his son-in-law walked to his daughter and sat beside her on the bed. He watched the wonder and gratitude on Aragorn's face, the gentle touch of his hand on Arwen's brow. Then Aragorn leaned forward and kissed her tenderly, sitting back to stare at her with emotional eyes. Then Celebrian handed him the greatest treasure of his life, an heir and son, Eldarion of Gondor. There was no conversation because words weren't necessary as they sat together as a family. Holding his son, Aragorn felt awe fill him as the beautiful child opened his eyes to look at his father for the very first time. Blond hair, a wisp of softness and dark blue eyes, the mark of his birth. Aragorn was filled with love and pride over the child in his arms and at the woman who had given him this wonderful joy. He looked at Arwen lying on the bed, her eyes closed in weariness and felt more for her at that moment than he had felt in many years. Friendship and companionship, humor, conversation and affection. These would be the things that they would share over the years that they would be man and wife. They would become close and share many confidences but she would never hear from him about the one most central to his heart. She would never hear about Faramir. Ever.