short distance away. "That is Edoras and the hall is Meduseld the Golden Hall now home to Théoden- King; ruler of all Rohan." Éomer cried to her. "It is beautiful." She breathed. "If we hurry we may be there by just after noon." Said Éomer happily. They arrived in Edoras just as the bells were calling everyone from the midday meal back to work. They left their horses with the stable hands and Áná and Éomer hurried up to the Golden Hall while the soldiers went their separate ways home. When they came to the top of the steps into the hall of Meduseld they were met by a handsome young man who hurried eagerly forward to greet Éomer. "We thought you had been hurt. What kept you so long?" he demanded. Ánáwyn blushing from her unconventional ragged attire and dirty appearance stepped back slightly but in doing so caught the young man's attention. "Éomer, who is this?" "Théodred, may I introduce Ánáwyn daughter of Dángorl? Ánáwyn this is Théodred son of Théoden King." Ánáwyn curtsied blushing furiously while Théodred informed her politely of how nice it was to meet her. As she looked up he saw her face for the first time and, despite the dirt and grime, his breath caught in his throat when he saw how beautiful she was but his cousin was speaking to him again and he turned away. After this encounter Éomer showed Áná to a room where she could stay and then he left to find his sister Éowyn so they could meet. Ánáwyn looked around the room which was sparsely yet elegantly furnished. There were a bed and nightstand and there was also a chest to hold her clothing. Besides this furniture there was a high backed chair and then hanging on the wall a tapestry depicting many different scenes of horses; horses in battle, horses running free over open plains and horses being led to pasture. She was standing and admiring the craftsmanship of the tapestry when there was a knock on the door. "Come in." she called turning around as she did. The door opened and Éomer walked in followed by a young woman of maybe sixteen years. "Áná, this is my sister, Éowyn. She will show you to a bath and provide you with clothing. It is my hope you two will become like sisters for Éowyn has few women here to keep her company." The two women exchanged greetings and Éowyn took Ánáwyn's arm and led her out. Áná looked over her shoulder and caught sight of Éomer smiling at them before he turned and headed in the other direction. Éowyn took Áná to her room where she ordered a bath to be prepared she washed Ánáwyn's hair for her and combed it out, then when Áná had finished washing herself Éowyn lent her a dress to wear while they went to find her some of her own. "Ánáwyn," she said, "the king will want to speak with you and hear of your life." "Of course." She replied quietly, "And please, if we are to be friends, call me Áná. Ánáwyn is so formal." "Of course Áná whatever you like." Éowyn said kindly. The King did not summon Áná that day or the next but on the morning of the third day Éowyn came into Áná's room early and informed her that Théoden King desired to have an interview with her that afternoon. Áná found that although at first this had not bothered her as the time for her meeting with Théoden drew closer she became more and more nervous. She and Éowyn were in Éowyn's apartments and she had begun pacing back and forth for at least the fifteenth time that day, "Áná!" Éowyn interrupted her thoughts, "Do not worry, it will be fine. Théoden is not going to do anything to you he just desires to learn of your life." Áná smiled at Éowyn, "I know, I just– I do not know. I really have no idea why I am so nervous." Éowyn pulled Áná down to sit beside her on the bed, "Come here! I promise you my uncle is not evil he will do nothing to you!" she said laughing. "Théoden King is your uncle?" Áná asked in surprise. "I– I did not know." "Yes he is, although now he is more of a father now, for our parents died some while ago… rather like yours Áná." "Oh. I am so sorry Éowyn." Áná said softly. "There is no need to feel sorry for me, it was long ago and I do not remember them for I was very young when it happened." Just then there was a knock on the door, "Enter!" Éowyn called. The door opened and a page stepped in, "My lord Théoden wishes to speak with lady Ánáwyn. If you will follow me my lady." Áná stood and looked back at Éowyn, who gave her a reassuring smile as she walked out. The page led her through many long corridors until they came to a small but ornate door. The page knocked firmly three times on the door and it was opened by an older, rather tough looking guard. The page whispered with him for a minute before stepping into the room and announcing her, "The lady Ánáwyn awaits you my lord." Áná heard a firm yet kind voice reply, "Bring her in and also bring my lady a chair." The guard nodded to her and putting his hand on her back lightly propelled her through the door. She found that the door led into the side of a long pillared hall. The page beckoned her out into the center of it, above which, on a dais, sat the Lord of the Mark, Théoden King. Ánáwyn stepped out and curtsied low to him, when she rose he signaled her to come and sit in a chair that had been placed beside his throne, and they spoke together for many hours.