want to talk to you about." "Oh?" Arwen asked, stopping and looking at her curiously. "I would like to join you on your journey to Gondor." "May I ask why?" Arwen asked curiously. "You are not the only one who loves someone currently residing in the White City." Arwen smiled at Gwailin knowingly. "I would be happy to have your company." Gwailin looked around at the field in front of Minas Tirith. There were still signs that a terrible battle had been fought on the land. But she ignored that, a giddy feeling welling in her chest. She was almost there. "Welcome to Minis Tirith, my Lady," a guard said, bowing to Arwen as the large gates were opened. Gwailin noticed that the wood was not uniform, suggesting a resent repair done to them. "Thank you sir," Arwen said, nodding her head as she smiled down at him from atop her white horse. Gwailin followed her into the city, as another white horse trotted up to them, Mithrandir upon it. "Lady Arwen, a pleasure to see you again. Lord Aragorn has not been informed of your presence yet, and we were planning on surprising him during the coronation tomorrow." "That will be fine, Mithrandir," Arwen said, smiling and nodding at him to lead her away. He did so, and as they rode, Gwailin rode up beside him. He turned to her, waiting for her to address him. "Mithrandir, do you know where I can find Legolas?" "Yes," he said with a small smile. "He is up beside the White Tree with Gimli and the Hobbits." "Thank you," she said, before riding forward at a gallop, the wind rushing past her ears. People watched as she sped by, riding her tan horse up towards the palace. As she approached, she slowed down and dismounted. She nodded to the guards, before hurrying forward into the gardens around the tree. She stopped about ten feet into the garden, looking at the sight before her. Gimli stood next to the tree, facing her, with the hobbits spread lazily out on the grass surrounding him. Upon a bench, with his back turned, was Legolas, sitting and talking to Gimli. She walked slowly closer, until Gimli caught sight of her. "He-hem," he said, clearing his throat. The hobbits looked up at him curiously. "Come on little hobbits, I think I'm ready for another meal." They followed Gimli's gaze, and, catching sight of Gwailin, got up quickly and accompanied the Dwarf towards the palace doors. Legolas, confused, watched them go, then turned to look at what they'd been disturbed by. Upon catching sight of her, he stood up quickly. They just stared at each other for what seemed like hours, but was really just a few minutes. Finally, Gwailin couldn't take it anymore. She ran up to Legolas, flinging herself into his arms. He spun her around, holding her close to him. She wrapped her arms around his neck, tears of joy gently falling from her eyes. He put her down, his blue eyes looking into her green ones as he wiped away her tears. "Lalaith," he said softly, his hand on her cheek. "I love you." "And I have always loved you Legolas. And I always will." He leaned forward and pressed his lips to hers, wrapping his hands around her, pulling her closer to him. She wrapped her arms around his neck, deepening the kiss, never wanting to let him go again. He licked her bottom lip, and she immediately opened her mouth, letting his tongue enter her mouth. She never wanted to stop kissing him. She knew that after this, there was no going back. She loved Legolas, and nothing could stop her from doing so. Aragorn watched from an upper window as Legolas and Gwailin stood together beneath the white tree. He sighed, turning from the window. He wished he could be like them, standing with the one he loved, with nothing to worry about but each other. But he was to be crowned the king of Gondor in a few hours, and then he could never have those moments again. He had his people to think about now. "Here, let me," Gwailin said, taking the silver crown from Legolas and placing it gently on his head. "There, a true Elvish Prince." Legolas smiled and kissed her. "And you," he said, taking a golden tiara from the table nearby, "look like an angle that fell from the heavens." Gwailin smiled as he placed the tiara on her head. She wore a pale blue gown that matched Legolas's tunic. "Do you think it was alright to hide Arwen until the ceremony?" Gwailin asked, her brow furrowed in thought. "I mean, I'm sure Aragorn wants very much to see her, and it would have been kinder not to make him wait." "Do not worry about Aragorn," Legolas said, kissing her forehead lovingly. "It will be more meaningful this way." "Alright," she said, taking his arm as they walked out of his room towards the garden of the White Tree. There were a large number of people already gathered there. Legolas and Gwailin walked towards the tree, where the hobbits stood, several elves gathered around them, including Lady Arwen. "Good morning my friends," Gwailin said to them all, smiling warmly. Arwen gave her a hug, and the hobbits mumbled a hello. She laughed lightly at their response, earning a lovingly look from Legolas. After the ceremony, Aragorn walked through his people, who bowed to their new king. Legolas walked up to his friend and greeted him with a smile, before gesturing behind him. Gwailin, who walked behind Arwen, smiled as Aragorn caught sight of his beloved. He came up, not quite believing she was there, and kissed her. A cheer went up among the people of Gondor as their king chose his queen. Gwailin knew that everything was all right as she watched the two of them continue greeting their people. So began the Fourth Age.