with the reports, I must show you the new gardens – without the entourage." -- A figure walked briskly down an alley and casually bumped into a man leaning against the wall. In that instant, a small slip of paper changed hands. The man walked purposefully down the other way soon after. -- Legolas had efficiently disguised himself, quickly melting into the city's bustle. Faramir and the other men were scattered about, making their way towards the palace as discreetly as they could. Legolas could see the palace just ahead now, the new gardens already beginning to blossom. And his eye caught a blur of movement among the trees. -- Something was amiss, Aragorn thought even as Arwen spoke on beside him. There was just something that unsettled him, something that did not fit with the beautiful greenery. He thought he heard some apprehension in Arwen's voice. He tightened his grip on his knife. And instinctively spun and unsheathed it – just in time to catch the surprise in his assailant's eyes as he parried. Beside him, Arwen was wielding her blade efficiently against more of the masked foes. "Who are you?" he shouted as the man before him struck with increasingly greater force. He only heard a sneer. Then he found an opening and quickly stabbed the man. There were more coming. Just how many of them were there! It had been a bad idea to dismiss the guards and servants. Was there anyone within earshot? But Aragorn knew it was never wise to dwell on such thoughts when surrounded by enemies each one of whom would gladly take his life. He swung his blade and managed to cut an opponent, quickly turning and continuing the stroke to meet another man. If only all six of them were not coming at him at the same time! He heard Arwen gasp and spun around – relatively minor injury, he quickly assessed and picked up his pace again. They were wearing out soon, he knew. When was the last time they had sparred? Neither Arwen nor he carried their choice weapons on a daily basis, and there were times when they even went without any. He felt his arm jolt as he clashed against a strong blade. More men. They had come prepared, Aragorn noticed. Their strange attire of muted browns, greens and greys made them hard to spot among the denser areas in the gardens. And their weapons were unusually shaped, and were indeed very strong though light enough not to cause fatigue. There was no time to muse. Aragorn tried to move towards Arwen. She was barely holding out against the sheer odds now. He side-stepped a thrust and brought down another man. Then he felt something impact his side and groaned as the pain radiated out. His arm felt weak. Was the weapon poisoned? He switched his blade to the other hand and parried just as a sword came overhead. He was losing blood fast. He gripped his sword as tightly as he could and even as he hit the ground, he brought down another foe. But as they surrounded him, he knew his time was running out. His strength was leaving him and if nothing, he would black out soon. Was this how everything was to end? And Arwen! He heard a loud gasp and he knew she had taken another injury. Hopefully nothing serious. He blinked, madly trying to clear his blurred vision. Then there was more movement, someone shouting his name, more people flooding into the gardens, more weapons, more noise, and he thought, it was over. -- 18 men died that day. Arwen's wounds had quickly healed, and Aragorn was able to attend to his usual duties not many days later. Basleth had been tried and found guilty of treason. He admitted that he had been resentful against the king and the elves when he was passed over for promotion, and had sought revenge after being mocked by many close to him. A significant number within the Society of Scientific Advancement had withdrawn their support as news of the assassination attempt spread. The Gondorian army had been recently equipped with new weapons made from a strange metal. The Association for the Conservation of Natural Wildlife published an article on the new gardens within the palace and how the Wood-elves had contributed to its beauty. Legolas received a surprising parcel of thank-you notes and apologetic letters. There was even a small bouquet of flowers from a child. But there was nothing from Aragorn. -- It was a rather cheerful day, but Aragorn was too troubled to notice. Arwen had been concerned but he had waved her off and headed for the gardens. There, purged of that day's death and vengeance, at least the air was sweet and reassuring. But on this day, someone had occupied his usual spot. Aragorn tensed as the elf stood to acknowledge him. "My friend, you have returned," Aragorn smiled a little. Legolas nodded cordially. "It has been a while." Aragorn looked down, unsure of what to say next. Legolas was biting his lower lip, extending a hand slightly as though wishing to say something. Aragorn watched and waited. Then Legolas drew his hand back again. Aragorn gazed at the overhanging flowers then fidgeted with his tunic. "How's your –" they both began at the same time. Aragorn tilted his head and gestured for Legolas to continue but the elf had looked away into the bushes. Aragorn looked awkwardly around. "The flowers are in full bloom today," he said. Legolas nodded. "Yes, they are beautiful." Silence. Aragorn took a tentative step towards the bushes. He saw the elf tighten almost imperceptibly as he neared. Legolas brushed a stray strand of hair from his face and leaned towards a flower nonchalantly. Finally, Aragorn could hold it no longer. "Why did you leave?" he choked into a sob. Then they embraced tightly and wept in joy. "I'll tell you why I came back."