"Who are you?" "I am Anariel," she answered smiling. "Adoptive daughter of Elrond, troublemaker when Elrohir and Elladan are away, wise when I have to be," she trailed off as Frodo laughed. "You are not like the other elves I've seen," Frodo admitted. "I like it." Anariel beamed. "I am glad; otherwise this would have been extremely awkward." Frodo nodded grinning and Anariel said, "I hope that you will recover soon." Anariel watched as seriousness overcame the hobbit's expression and Anariel could see the subtle wisdom in his eyes. "Gandalf spoke of a Council that would be convened once I am strong enough. He says that all races will be here, Dwarves, Elves, and Men alike." "And hobbits," Anariel reminded teasingly. Frodo laughed, but it turned into a yawn. "Sleep Frodo," Anariel said gently. She watched as Frodo's eyelids fluttered closed. "Are you still standing there, Ada?" she asked turning around to see Elrond standing in the doorway. She'd heard his feather light footsteps about halfway through her conversation with Frodo. "I was coming to check on him. He seems to be healing fine," Elrond said inspecting the wound carefully so as to not awaken Frodo. "He is stronger than he looks," Anariel observed and Elrond nodded. "His will is astoundingly strong for a creature of such small stature," Elrond said quietly. "I hope that will shall guide him in the coming days." "Is everyone you sent for here?" Anariel asked, rising from her seat to follow Elrond out of the room. "The dwarves arrived today," Elrond began and Anariel made a face that Elrond ignored. "Prince Legolas and the Elves of Mirkwood should arrive late today, along with Boromir of Gondor." "Gondor?" Anariel asked warily. "Is Boromir not the steward's son?" she inquired. "I do not know what his reaction will be when he learns of Aragorn," Elrond said, answering the question she was about to ask next. Anariel nodded. "I will still watch him." Arwen and Anariel were walking through the courtyard later that evening when both heard the sound of hoofs. They looked up to see that the Mirkwood Elves had arrived. In front of the group was one of the best looking elves Anariel had ever seen. He had blonde hair, which was braided half back. He was tall for an elf, maybe six feet. What she admired most were his eyes. He had the brightest blue eyes she had ever seen. They shone with the wisdom of his years, but there was still almost a childish innocence about them. "Careful Anariel," Arwen whispered. "It's not polite to blatantly stare." Anariel blushed and looked to Arwen, "It was not blatant, and I'm going to assume the one in front is Legolas?" The answering smile on Arwen's face was an answer in itself. A playful light entered Arwen's eyes as she took Anariel's hand and led her over to the Mirkwood Elves who were being greeted by Elrond. "Prince Legolas," Arwen called, still keeping a firm grip of Anariel's hand in case she tried to run. "Lady Arwen," Legolas greeted politely. "It has been too long." His eyes flashed to Anariel who simply stared into his eyes. "Am a wrong to assume that this is the Lady Anariel?" he asked, a smile tugging at the corners of his mouth. "No," Anariel smiled. "You are right." "I'm sure that Arwen and Anariel will be able to show you to your rooms," Elrond said and he looked at Anariel with a seldom seen devious gleam in his eye. Anariel subtly rolled her eyes, but smiled as she and Arwen led the Mirkwood Elves to their rooms. Of course, Arwen insisted that she could show the rest of the elves to their rooms, while Anariel could show Legolas to his. Of course. Her family was conspiring against her. Sometimes they were as bad as the twins. "It seems you have always been away when I have come to Rivendell," Legolas said as they walked through the gardens to his room. "I'm usually riding with the twins," Anariel explained. "I hate for them to cause too much trouble without me," she added laughing. Legolas chuckled, "I think that Elrohir and Elladan cause enough trouble by themselves." Anariel shrugged, "From what I hear, you and Aragorn are not much different." "You should not always believe what you hear," Legolas said and Anariel could see the slight embarrassment in his eyes. You could tell so much from looking in his eyes. "Oh," Anariel nodded. "I see. It's worse than the stories I hear. Don't worry, I won't ask," she giggled. "And I thank you for it," Legolas said as they reached the door to his room. "It has been lovely talking to you Lady Anariel." Anariel laughed and whispered conspiratorially. "I've never been one for titles. So let's just call me Anariel." Legolas smiled and nodded. "Very well, Anariel. Until I see you again," he said politely as he took her hand and kissed her knuckles. "Until then," Anariel smiled and nodded before turning around. Arwen was in so much trouble. Woo! I know that this chapter was kind of boring, but I needed to get Anariel's backstory out of the way. I also do not want you to assume that she's going to be a Mary Sue, or at least how I understand them to be. She has depth, and she's not a saint. I tend to really get a feel for my characters as I progress through the story, so if she seems a little Sue-ish, don't worry! Hopefully it won't last for long. Also, for those who read my Merlin stories...I have planned out the sequel and will start writing it soon...it might be out next week, but I can't promise anything yet... Please review, ArthursCamelot P.S. I usually update my stories everyday, but for this one, I'm going to take it easy and upload every other day. Hopefully this will give me time to work on my Merlin sequel...