pulled the bow back slowly. Faelon knelt down behind her, putting a finger on the string to help her pull it back. "Keep your elbow up," Tinwe offered, since Faelon was concentrating on adjusting her grip. Breigel lifted her elbow up, finding the right position largely because Faelon's arm kept her from putting her elbow too high. "Now line up the nock with the corner of your mouth," Faelon said, smiling as the little elleth made a face, bringing the string back to her mouth. "Line the string up with your nose so you can keep your shot consistent." Breigel obeyed, biting her lip as she struggled to do everything she was told. "Now aim the tip of the arrow at the center of the target. Are you ready? One, two, three, go!" The arrow flew from the bow, hitting several inches below the center. Breigel frowned. "I missed." "It is only your first shot!" Faelon said with a laugh, pulling another arrow from her quiver. "I don't care how much of your father you have in you, you weren't going to get it dead center on the first shot." "How about the second one?" she asked eagerly, looking up at him with a grin. He just smiled back down at her, handing her the second arrow. "Let's see." After her lesson, Breigel and Saelhir ran off towards the palace, looking forward to dinner which was going to start soon. Tinwe and Faelon walked behind them, carrying their sparring gear, and in the case of Tinwe, her daughter's bow and quiver. "Thank you for giving her a lesson, Faelon," Tinwe said with a smile, hoisting the bow and quiver over her shoulder. "Between your lessons and her father's talent, she is going to be outshooting all of us in a few short years." "You know I am happy to do it," Faelon said, putting his arm around Tinwe's shoulders. "I just wish it was after a victorious sparring match." "Next time, perhaps," Tinwe said with a laugh. "I won't be able to get away with the same trick twice." "Yes, I'm onto you now," Faelon said, laughing with her. "When are you going to let me give Breigel sparring lessons?" "One dangerous activity at a time. She's got all the time in the world to learn." "But she won't be your little elfling forever," Faelon pointed out. "She's already grown so much just since we arrived in Valinor." "Believe me, I know," Tinwe said with a sigh. "Soon she'll be riding from one end of the continent to the other, her bow strapped on her back and a knife in her belt." "Just like her mother," Faelon said, smiling down at her. "At least here she will be safe." "Except from herself. It really does mean the world to me how much time you spend with her. I know how much Legolas regrets being busy all the time, and he appreciates it as well." "I feel I must confess," Faelon said, looking down at the ground with a sigh. "It is not entirely out of selflessness. You know I love Breigel, but when I look at her, I sometimes wonder what it would have been like if you hadn't married Legolas." "I can't blame you for thinking that way, Faelon," Tinwe said sympathetically. She remembered all too well the day Faelon had confessed his love for her. It was a secret only they shared. Tinwe hadn't even shared it with Legolas, knowing the prince's tendency for jealousy. "I just hope that someday soon you will meet your soul mate and you can have your own children." "I've been looking for a long time, Tinwe. Right now, I am content just stealing your child every once in a while." "As long as you bring her back in one piece, I am happy to let you take her," Tinwe said, taking her friend's arm with a smile. "So how did the first lesson go?" "I hit the target every time!" Breigel said eagerly, watching her father sit on the end of her bed. Earning a look from her mother, however, she revised her statement. "Well, almost every time." "She did very well," Tinwe said with a smile, kissing her daughter's forehead. "I wish I could be the one to teach you, sellnin ," Legolas said, his voice full of regret as he stroked his daughters blond hair. "I promise, I will take you out shooting soon." "Thanks, Ada ," Breigel said, settling down under her covers. "Goodnight." "Goodnight," Legolas said, turning off the oil lamp and following Tinwe into the next room, shutting the door behind him. "Be honest with me, Legolas," Tinwe said, watching him walk across the room to his desk. "Does it bother you that Faelon got to give Breigel her first lesson?" "Yes and no," Legolas said softly, looking down at the papers on his desk. "Yes, I wish I had the time to take her out every day to shoot. No, because I know she would rather learn from Faelon." "Don't say that, you know she would love to have you take her out," Tinwe said, coming up behind Legolas and wrapping her arms around his waist, resting her cheek on his back. "She brags about how great you are at archery all the time." "Does she?" Legolas said, humor in his voice. "Several times today alone," Tinwe said with a smile. "Do you want me to sweet-talk Thranduil into giving you a day off so you can take her out? I am sure between your mother and I we can get him to relent." "We will call that plan B," Legolas said, prying his wife's arms off of him gently so he could turn and look at her properly. "If he tries to make me work the day after we finish planting, I will send the two of you in to make him see reason." "Deal," Tinwe said with a smile before kissing her husband gently.