approached in such a way that she didn't have the heart to tell him to stay away. There was compassion in his demeanor, a warmth that she wanted nothing more than to sink into, in the hopes she might forget about the darkness in her mind. She knew not what to say to him so she said nothing at all, only closing her eyes so that maybe, just maybe, her tears would stop flowing with such intensity. "Every life, no matter how short or how long, is not without the dark, but always the light is there to balance it, as long as you are willing to open your eyes, and your heart, and see it. Remember this, Raelynn McCormick, for it will serve you well when you return to your world." Legolas's gentle, quiet voice only barely reached her ears, but his words hit her like a kick to the chest. The touch on her shoulder was expected, but at the same time, it startled her. Rae flinched slightly, then relaxed when he squeezed very gently, conveying strength and understanding in a way that seemed utterly ridiculous at the first thought of it. But then she realized that the being behind her had lived much, much longer than her. She could only wonder at what horrors the Elven archer had seen in those years to give him the understanding he possessed now. "Pa was my foundation, my strength. With him was the only home I ever knew. Once he was gone…I had no reason to stay, no place to call home. So I wandered…never staying in one place too long, always with my eyes on the horizon, hoping to find my future, somewhere out there. Now look at me, falling apart in a place that shouldn't exist while my body is hooked to wires and machines somewhere back in that messed up place that I call reality." Rae didn't know what made her start speaking again, but the bitterness of her tone shocked even her. She laughed, but everyone knew that she only laughed to hide the sound of her spirit breaking and her resolve weakening. She laughed, and then cried as even more tears fell, feeling nothing but despair as weariness touched the far corners of her mind, reminding her that even in the realm of the unconscious mind, she still needed sleep. Slowly her shuddering breath returned to a more even pattern, deepening and slowing as she fell into the comforting blackness of sleep. Unknown to Rae, Legolas stayed at her side, up until the second she faded from his sight as her spirit returned to the world that she belonged in. When Rae next woke, it was to bright sunlight on her face, streaming through a window into a sterile white room filled with beeping machines and the smell of medicine. Her gray eyes opened to find that her two brothers were with her, each in a chair at her side. Their welcoming voices brought tears to her eyes, and when they hugged her, she was reminded of a time when she was young, when their father had hugged all three of them, when they were still children. But instead of thinking on his memory with pain and despair, she was surprised to find that she was…at peace. For the first time in fifteen years. He was gone, but his dreams were not, she realized…for they lived on in her. She could make her father's dreams come true. She was alive, hurt, but alive, and she had her brothers. She had years ahead of her still, years to find that perfect place to build a house made of logs with a fireplace, and a long, wide porch where she could spend the rest of her life. Every life, no matter how short or how long, is not without the dark, but always the light is there to balance it, as long as you are willing to open your eyes, and your heart, and see it. Legolas's voice echoed through her mind once more, and she smiled as she hugged her brothers tighter. Thank you, Legolas…for understanding in a way that no one in my world could. A/N: Now I must admit, I am a bit uneasy about posting this one-shot. I've seen a lot, A LOT, of rocks thrown at female OCs when it comes to the Lord of the Rings, especially when Legolas is involved. But that's why it is FANfiction. It's a writer's world out there. So I suppose if I'm going to get a rock chucked at me, it will be done no matter what I say. Another thing I'm concerned with is the critter fight scene. I'm expecting someone to come at me with the Mary Sue thing for it. But is Rae a Mary Sue? I don't know. She certainly doesn't seem perfect to me. Doesn't have all the males tripping over themselves for her. Just a compassionate response from them. Speaking of characters... As a character, I absolutely love Legolas. HOWEVER I have only ever seen the movies. I have not read the books. But the Legolas on screen (Orlando Bloom did a fantastic job in the movies, considering that playing Legolas was his first major movie role EVER) seems to have the potential for great compassion and understanding. Am I wrong? Heck if I know. That's how I wanted to portray him here, as just being there when someone needed to grieve. So. Here's my one-shot. Been pestering me for a week...got some other drivel written for Lord of the Rings as well, guess I'll have to see where that goes. Normally I don't give a rip what people think about my OCs but I've seen some WILD stuff when it comes to OCs that get introduced into the Lord of the Rings. Here goes nothing. As always, love if you will, hate if you must. I will take whatever you care to dispense. Until we meet again... Kani