his ragged breathing and sat up. "Plagued by nightmares?" Haldir asked. "Yes. Dark have been my dreams of late," Legolas confessed. A beat, then, "… Haldir ?" The Marchwarden was sitting up in bed next to him, his arms crossed, his face expressionless and somewhat pale. He turned his head to look at Legolas, chewing at the inside of his lip nervously. "Yes, I'm here," he said curtly. Legolas hesitantly lifted the sheet and peeked down at himself. He abruptly clapped the blanket against his chest and looked up, his eyes as big as saucers. "Sweet Elbereth," he breathed, "I'm—" "Yes." "And you're—" "Yes." A look of epiphany crossed Legolas's terrified face. "Did we—?" "Yes!" Legolas slapped both palms over his eyes and dragged his hands down his cheeks, releasing a heavy sigh. "Fuck." A huge smirk grew on Haldir's face. "Oh, yes. Indeed we did." Legolas stood facing the window chastely while Haldir hurriedly clothed himself. The princeling busied himself nervously by squashing ants on the windowsill. "I'm going to need at least ten stiff drinks." "Don't say 'stiff.' Impure thoughts," Haldir snapped, pulling a tunic over his head. "Impure thoughts? You're concerned about impure thoughts? Haldir! What have I done? What have we done?" "What are you worried about?" Haldir said indignantly. " You are a young prince and therefore expected to be a playboy! I, on the other hand, am expected to display something in the way of morals, especially in a foreign kingdom, of all places!" "Morals? Who was it who kissed me in the middle of a swordfight ?" Haldir sighed sharply. "My intent was to tease you, not seduce you! I would not have come all the way to Mirkwood if I had been looking for mere fornication. There's plenty of that back in Lórien." "This was all a huge accident!" Legolas wailed in despair. "Button this." Legolas whirled around. "What?" "Button this! I can't reach the buttons; they're on the back of the tunic." "Oh. Alright." Legolas cautiously made his way toward Haldir, glancing at him sidelong as he might look at an enemy he was about to skewer. His fingers shook as he buttoned what seemed like a million buttons up the back of Haldir's tunic, afraid the warmth of his skin against his fingertips would make him do something rash again. "Having trouble back there?" Legolas winced and said abruptly, "Don't say that. Impure thoughts." "Pervert. Hannon le, " Haldir said when Legolas had finished. [Thank you. Legolas snapped to attention suddenly, hearing a soft sound in the hall outside. "It's one of your brothers!" he hissed. "Stay here; I'll make a diversion." Haldir nodded, and Legolas flew out the door. Haldir's brother was close enough to catch a glimpse of the Marchwarden if he chanced to peek into the room. Legolas slammed the door behind him and stammered, "Oh! Good morning, um, Orifice!" "Orophin," the Elf corrected. "Right. How goes the training of the…um…" "Guards?" "Yes, those." "Fine," Orophin answered, peering suspiciously at Legolas. "Have you seen Haldir by any chance?" "Who? Haldir? No. Nope!" "You need to get more rest, my lord," Orophin advised. "You act a bit…off." "I…um…dark have been my dreams of late." "Sorry to hear that." 5: In the Hall of the Elvenking Legolas stared at his father's feet, afraid to voice the question that had been haunting him for five hours of frantic but secretive searching. Thranduil stared down at his son with a fair but cold face, like a pale morning in spring still clinging to winter's chill. He said nothing, waiting for Legolas to speak first. At length, Legolas got up the nerve to speak. "Where is Haldir?" A beat, then he hastily added, "Has he finished training the guards?" "Haldir is back in Lothlórien where he belongs," Thranduil said brusquely. For a moment, Legolas was hurt that Haldir had not said goodbye, but then his father continued, "I sent him home. I did not approve of his conduct. It seems there were… other things on his mind besides doing as I had asked him." "In his defense, the guards are incredibly dense." Thranduil gave his son a frigid stare. "I sent him home," he said evenly, "because I wished to end any farfetched notions of there ever being a King and King of Mirkwood." For a minute, Legolas was speechless. "What? Father—" Thranduil just stared, his gaze like ice. "Do you know what a disgrace you are to my house?" he said, his voice barely audible. His knuckles went white on the arms of his throne, and he screamed, "Do you have any idea what a disgrace you are to my house and my kingdom?" Legolas bowed his head, ashamed of what he had evidently become. "It was an accident! A mistake! Father, I—" "No apology you can ever give will ever make up for the humiliation you have caused me! I banished him from Mirkwood under pain of death. I tried to end it. I know I could have never hoped to succeed, but I had to try. And now you will stay in Mirkwood and forget everything. Find a wife like everyone else, for Elbereth's sake." Tears pricked Legolas's eyes. "I didn't mean to—" "I know you did not mean to. But you did . And for that I hate you. I despise your weakness, Legolas." He bowed his head. "Your mother was going to bear me many strong sons. Good, brave sons." He looked up suddenly and spat darkly, "Instead I have one… abomination . " Abomination . The appellation stuck. At least in Legolas's mind. The burden of his new identity made him quiet and withdrawn. He occupied himself with target practice and knifework, trying and failing miserably to shove Haldir out of his mind. Soon he was a paper warrior, a machine that only knew to fire arrows and run. The summons to Rivendell was a welcome opportunity to breach the monotony of his existence. [snp1Shut up!