vain, that's what you are. You've always got your nose to that dratted mirror these days. 'Modest and unassuming,' hah! You're about as, as modest and unassuming as that blasted rackety pea-fowl out there in the garden, you are. He's going to end up in the middle of somebody's dinner-table one of these fine days, wait and see!" I glance at the floor. It's true I've been looking into the mirror a good deal lately, but I don't think it's vanity. I think it's more an attempt to become reacquainted with myself. To try and reconcile the being I was when I first came here with the image that looks back at me now, to search for any signs of accusations, for the being trapped deep inside, for the light I'm told illuminates me but which I never can see myself, for the door to open to allow that light to escape until the reflection and I change places and my own light and the Great Light are one. "Well," I say, "at least, I'll never allow myself to become a preening fop like you. You may not have whole rooms full of clothes any more, but deep down, you're still the dandy you always were, and always will be." I turn and stare at my uncle in mock derision, which fazes him not in the slightest. "Piffle," he says. "Let me tell you something, my charming lad, I wasn't so bad to look at in my younger days, either. Never so pretty as you, perhaps, but I turned a few heads in my day. You needn't think you got all the looks in the family." "Well, even if I did, they wouldn't do me much good here," I say. Ah, I shouldn't have said that, but it's out now. My head feels strangely clear of a sudden. "I wouldn't call myself vain. I'm not amiss for a hobbit, I suppose, but by Elf standards, I can't be so much to look at." "Hah! You can hold your own with any of 'em," my uncle says warmly. "Your head just doesn't come so high up as theirs, is all." "True. It doesn't." I hope I don't sound sad. Strange, how much depends on height. "But you stand taller than all of 'em put together," he says taking my incomplete hand. "If someone would just tell that to the Ladies," I say softly. Yes, I've had more than one glass. My tongue would not be so loose otherwise. Lord Elrond has told me that my ability to father children could be restored if I wished it. He said it would be a long and painful process, the details of which I will spare you, but I think I would have it done if there were any point to it. But Sam, it was rather stupid of Sauron to neuter me, for if he hadn't, I would surely have married, and would probably not have gone on the Quest, and the Ring would likely not have been destroyed, and he would have won. Why did he think he could protect himself by ruining my line? Bilbo caresses my hand, saying nothing. Sometimes I think he knows more than he's letting on. Sometimes I think he didn't marry for the very same reason I didn't. He once told me it was because of a broken heart, and maybe that's so, but I think perhaps there's more to it. "But do you know what?" I say with a bit of a smile after a moment. "Little Lyrien offered to marry me the other day. She said she didn't care if she was taller than I when she grew up, she'd rather marry me than anybody else on the Island. She said she'd do it right now if her mummy would let her. I hadn't the heart to tell her that by the time she was old enough to marry, I wouldn't be around any more…although I think her parents have explained to her about mortality." "She'll have to knock 'em off her with a stick one of these days," Bilbo chuckles softly. "That one's got a pair of eyes that could melt diamonds." I nod emphatically, then bend down to pick something off the floor. It's one of Bilbo's maps, that I knocked off the desk. I hand it to him. He takes it and looks at it for a moment, then holds it out to me. "Do me a favor and chuck it into the fireplace, my boy," he says a little sadly. "What in blazes do I need with a map now anyway? I'm quite content right here with you, and even if I weren't, where could I possibly go? Except…" "Now Bilbo dear," I say, "you should know by now that I'm no good at chucking things into the fire. Here, let me fold it for you…just watch and I'll show you the right way." I fold it carefully, almost tenderly, and lay it in the drawer where his other papers are kept. Then I kiss him on the head and lay my cheek against his white curls for a moment, then extend my hand to help him up from his chair. "I've another fault," I confess as I help him out of his clothes and into his nightshirt. "Sometimes I tell people I said things I really didn't. I embroider a bit, too. But I guess that's your fault; I get it from you." "Of course you did," he agrees. "You're a Baggins, after all." "We don't tamper with the truth though, do we?" I say. "Not deep down, I mean. We don't destroy the true, fundamental essence of it." "Of course not. We Bagginses may be liars, but we're not damned liars." "Precisely." Sam, it seems to me the glass is glowing rose colored tonight and it is imparting a feeling of great joy...I may be wrong but I think Elanor will be getting a little brother soon? ----------------------------------TBC----------------------------------