bystanders, including Gerontius. And after there was a lull, Hugo stepped forward, saying, "And I would like to ask permission to woo Miss Donnamira, who has taken my heart and claimed it for her own. I know she is not yet of age, but I am willing to wait for however long it takes until she is old enough to accept my offer of marriage. I have my own establishment as you know, and will work as hard as I can to make enough to show her the extent of my devotion." Another soft murmur went through the crowd. And many began chattering all at once, until little Isengar picked up the sack Gandalf had been carrying, lying forgotten on the ground, saying, "What's in this, Wizard?" "I will show you, my lad," Gandalf said smiling, wrenching his eyes with difficulty from the lovers. And before long, the night sky was full of exploding stars and colored fire-snakes and whirling flowers and dragons and whistling streamers, as Gandalf showed the Took brothers, both the small one and the big ones, what those things that made the frightful popping noises did. Music had begun playing once more, and several couples danced, including Bungo and Belladonna. "I wonder where Roddy is now," Hugo said. "I feel badly for him still. That trick you played upon him was really just a bit much, Gandalf, if I may be so bold." "Trick?" Gandalf looked at him blankly. "I did not play the trick." "You didn't?" "Nay. I did not even stick around to hear him sing the entire song, for I was worried about Bungo. Wonderful song, by the way, Hugo. Beautiful job. If I were a maiden, I think I'd have fallen for you myself." "Thank you, sir. But if you did not trick him, then who did?" "I dare say he tricked himself. I took pity upon him, you see, and decided not to go through with our plan. And I do not think I shall live to regret it, for the liquor and his own bloated ego were what punished him in the end. There was no need for any petty vengeance from us." Hugo grinned in relief. "That's good of you, sir. And I am profoundly grateful for the part you played in bringing me and my beloved together. I will forever be in your debt, my dear Wizard." "Look," Donnamira said, nodding her head, "there he is, over there." All looked, and saw Roderic Bunce standing at an ale-keg, apparently arguing with someone behind it. Before anyone could remark, a female voice spoke up, "Beggin' yer pardon sir, but I been watching, and was wondering what yer want for these here?" A stout hobbitess stood next to Gandalf, holding up a string of firecrackers. The Wizard shrugged goodnaturedly. "Take them, my dear. I'm sure your children will enjoy them greatly. Here's a lighted stick for you." "Thank ye, good sir," she said, and disappeared amongst the crowd. Moments later, a rapid series of explosions were heard, and there was Roddy, leaping in crazed arcs as the popping sounds issued right behind him, sparks flying out from beneath the cloak he still wore, yells and whoops and howls coming out of his mouth. When the sounds ceased he stopped his wild dance, clapping his hands to his backside and looking blankly all around him. "Did anyone hear something?" he asked after a moment, then swayed, and fell flat on his face, amid much laughter. "Well done, Miss Button," a male voice said. "May I have the honor of this dance?" "Well, I don't mind if I does," said the voice of the hobbitess who had begged the firecrackers. Gandalf made a move toward the prone figure, but two hobbits got there first. "We'll take 'im, guv'ner," said one of them, and they each took an arm and dragged Roderic off toward the tent, which was now being used for just such a purpose. "Come, Roddy, time for bed. Let me and Uncle Ruben tuck yer in now. That was some row, I must say. Last time such a thing happened to me was when Lily served up her famous three-bean soup, garnished with cabbage-leaves. Good thing there weren't no fire nearby." Mirabella stood up on the rail on the platform, unnoticed by her parents, tiptoeing back and forth, then doing a graceful little twirl and looking up in hope of more fireworks. Someone had lit a torch up on the platform, and the light brought out red-gold sparks in her hair and fairly irradiated her all over. But she was entirely unaware of it, and she continued her walk upon the rail until she caught sight of a boy looking up at her. He seemed most fascinated, as though a vision of pure loveliness had caught and pinned him where he stood. She lowered herself until she was kneeling on the rail, then sitting back with her hands upon her knees, still looking down at him. He was a little older than herself, very nice to look at, for a boy, and so she stayed where she was, just gazing with her luminous eyes, and smiling. Until a female voice called out stridently, "Gorbadoc Brandybuck! Whatever are you doing? And what have you done with your little brothers? Come now, we must be going, if we can round up your brothers and your dad. Come along now, lad. What are you staring at?" After Gandalf ran out of fireworks, he found he was thirsty, and went to fetch himself a glass of wine. As he did so, he noticed Porphyria Button going in the direction of the tent, and as she went inside it, he shook his head, then smiled and shrugged, glancing upward. After persuading Mirabella to come down from the rail, he took her by the hand and they went back to rejoin the rest of her family in the gently settling merriment of the spring evening. ***Finis***