ever? Was Legolas even considering that? A dread settled upon her anew, and her old fear began to resurface again. She would just have to find someone in the township of Wickerwood to return her to her settlement, even though she couldn't pay them anything at all. And Legolas would be gone again, without her ever truly understanding what or who he was. The mysterious, kind stranger with the keen blue eyes and flowing blonde hair. Turning on her side away from his obvious happiness and from the fire's warm light, she began to tremble a little, and a wee, small tear escaped from her eye. It was just the smoke from the fire, she tried to tell herself, and then she drifted into an uncomfortable, dreamless slumber that she remained immersed in until morning. Upon the rising of the sun, Annabelle noticed that Legolas was up even earlier than usual and was even more organised around the camp as well, if that was possible. The spring in his step was still there from last night, and he greeted her with a cheery good morning. Pretending to be in good spirits herself, she smiled back at him, but her heart really was not in it. Pointing to the rising sun and then to the midpoint in the sky, Legolas tried to tell her that they would meet his mellon-nin by midday, if all went right for them. As he was rolling up the bedroll, he called her by that term as well. She knew it must mean 'friend' by now, they would be meeting his friends. Though the dread was still there in some measure, she also had to admit to herself that the new day brought with it a sense of curiosity. Perhaps it was some of Legolas' contagious good spirits, but she did wonder what kind of friends he would have and why they would be human. She also knew that there would be a good chance that they would speak the Harad Tongue, her tongue, so she would probably find learning things a good deal easier. She could thank Legolas properly through some translator, before he went upon his way again into the big, wide world of Middle Earth. She began to feel curious about where he came from now, what he was doing here, and what kind of life he might lead. How old he was too, could he possibly be over one hundred years old? And she wondered with some awe if he had fought in the War of the Ring, or knew anyone who did. She had already seen his efficient handy-work with the bow, so was he a trained warrior of some kind? In fact as they had been travelling, Annabelle realised she hadn't taken as much notice of him as she could have, so preoccupied had she been in her own fears for the future. Admittedly, they had spent most of the days on horseback, where the most she could study was the back of his flaxen haired head, but even in camp, she had withdrawn most of the time, even averting her gaze when he had tried to speak to her. Realising they would part ways by lunchtime today gave her a newer perspective of this warrior-elf who had freed her four days earlier. She should have paid more attention, been more open and willing to interact with him. She remembered her fear, and how lightened it felt now, maybe that was part of Legolas' doing. It was hard to be overly fearful in his company, she realised. That kind of thing just seemed to slide right off after spending all of this time around him. As usual, they were preparing to get on horseback for the last leg of the journey to meet his friends. Before they did though, he gave her bandages, the ones that had been tied around her wrists, a checkup. He had been most thoughtful all of this time when it came to her injuries. Each night he had examined her cuts and applied more ointment before using fresh bandages to bind them. They were healing nicely thanks to whatever was in the slave he was using. She could swivel her wrists around quite easily now whereas before they had felt quite raw and sore. She thanked him now as he checked to see they were tied tight enough, trying to catch his eye this time to let him know that she did appreciate all he had done for her. All of it had been unasked, but well needed just the same. Legolas seemed to get her meaning and said, "Think nothing of it. I am not a healer by any stretch of the imagination, but I am glad to see that you are more comfortable now." It seemed they were beginning to take to speaking to each other in a more lengthy fashion despite the fact they knew their specific words were not understood. It didn't matter so much now that they were feeling a bit more comfortable, and generally the feeling of their words came across just the same. "Are you a healer I wonder," Annabelle mused out loud to him as he patted her wrists gently. "If only I could heal as well as others that I know," Legolas answered. Patting Arod he continued humbly, "This horse here could better diagnose someone than I could, although I try when I have to." "Oh the horse. Am I holding us up? We had better make our way then to meet your queer mellon folk. I never could work out if your diagram depicted them as holding swords or giant bread sticks." She giggled at her own joke. He leapt onto his horse then, and helped Annabelle up. She supposed it would be her last ride with this funny fellow and then she would be promptly sent home again, perhaps with a mail wagon or some such that travelled to Goldacres intermittently throughout the year.