and pure, it makes you want to laugh, cry, and listen in silence all at once." "Could you sing one of their songs?" the twenty seven year old hobbit asked, he was extremely curious about life outside the Shire, especially elves, and every time Melia and Gandalf came for a visit his questions never seemed to end about the outside world. Melia nodded and softly began to sing a song, translated from its original elven tongue, " Snow-white! Snow-white! O Lady clear! O Queen beyond the Western Seas! O light to us that wander here Amid the world of woven trees! Gilthoniel! O Elbereth! Clear are thy eyes and bright thy breath, Snow-white! Snow-white! We sing to thee In a far land beyond the Sea. O stars that in the Sunless Year With shining hand by her were sown, In windy fields now bright and clear We see your silver blossom blown! O Elbereth! Gilthoniel! We still remember, we who dwell In this far land beneath the trees, Thy starlight on the Western Seas." "I've seen her you know." Melia said softly, "Snow-White." "When?" Frodo wondered, "What was she like?" "She's absolutely beautiful, beyond the description of words." Melia closed her eyes in remembrance, "I saw here before I came to Middle Earth, but then I knew her as Lady Varda. It was her husband, Manwe, the Ruler of Arda, who sent me here." Frodo's questions kept coming and the two of them talked long into the night about elves, adventures, and what-not. "Happy birthday Melia!" Frodo yelled as he jumped up and down on Melia's bed, waking her up. "Frodo?...What are you doing?" Melia mumbled sleepily, rubbing her eyes. "Come on sleepy head, get up and going before your birthday is come and gone." Frodo laughed, leaving Melia to get changed. As soon as she felt presentable Melia stepped out of her room, much more awake than she had been, and found herself whisked away down the main hall of Bag End. Frodo held her hand as he pulled her to the kitchen, where Bilbo had an enormous breakfast feast spread out, with Hobbit food fit for a king. "Happy birthday my dear!" Bilbo welcomed, wrapping his arms around Melia, who was beginning to tower over him, she was almost five feet. "Thank you Uncle Bilbo." "Melia." Gandalf said softly, causing his young apprentice to turn and face him. "Yes, Gandalf?" "For twenty four years now you have lived in Middle Earth, and twenty three of those have been you learning under my care. Now I would like to give you a special gift, that I believe you are ready to receive." Melia looked up at Gandalf in excited expectation as he pulled out a tall and narrow parcel and handed it to her. Ripping off the brown paper wrapping Melia let out an almost child-like squeal as she held up a gnarled, wooden staff, with a light blue gem set at the top end. "My own staff!?" she asked energetically. Gandalf nodded, "Yes, but I'm afraid that is all the birthday celebration we have time for." Melia's expression immediately soured, "We're leaving? So soon?" "Unfortunately, yes, we must be on our way." Melia nodded in understanding, then turned to hug Bilbo in farewell, "It's a shame I won't be able to enjoy this lovely feast with you and Frodo, but thank you Uncle Bilbo." Releasing the old hobbit she turned to Frodo, who looked just as saddened by the news as she was, "Frodo…" Frodo didn't let her finish, he hugged her with all the strength he had, "Just promise that you'll come back soon, alright." "I promise." Melia whispered, "I'll come back soon." Aralyn: Man that was long, but yeah this is basically bits of my oc's childhood, giving her some background and not just sticking her in the plot. Clarification of the times: 1) When Melia was still a Maiar, she was ordered by Manwe, who created all of Middle Earth, to go down as an Istari, or Wizard. She looks like a six year old girl. 2) A year after Melia was sent down to Middle Earth, and she choose for Gandalf to teach her the magic ways. And yes Radagast is one of the five wizards, he just doesn't show up in the moive, and neither do the two blue wizards, but they still exist in the land of Tolkien. 3) Gandalf takes Melia, who is now four, to meet Bilbo. Bilbo was taking care of his ten year old nephew Frodo at the time, and that's when the two first meet. 4) Two years later, Frodo's parents died in a boating accident. (After this point Melia begins to age as any daughter of man would age.) 5) Frodo (age 18) and Melia (age 12) get roped into a vegetable raid on Farmer Maggot by Merry and Pippen. 6) Melia (21) tells Frodo about her visit to Rivendell. The song she sings is known as the Elven Song of Elbereth. I did not write this song. 7) Melia's 24th birthday, and she is given her staff by Gandalf. The two wizards have to leave but she promises Frodo that she will return soon. Hope this wasn't too confusing for any of you that stuck with reading this. Please leave reviews, I am open to constrictive critisim, and I appreciate compliments, but I would like to request that we stay away from the flames, I mean no offence to anyone in any way shape of form. Before I leave, I would like to wish you all a wonderful Spetember 22nd, National Hobbit Day! As well as Bilbo's and Frodo's birthday. Stay safe and may your swords stay sharp. BTW you can go to deviantart and find a picture of Melia when she's 27, three years after the end of this prologue. Just go to the search and type in my name, Aralyn187, go to my profile, and it will be there. Thank you for reading.