Gandalf looked at each other, then started towards the door. Everyone who was involved split up to look, just in case Wormtongue wasn't telling the truth, but the logical place to look was the graveyard, so that's where Aragorn, Gandalf, Legolas and Gimli started. They ran towards Isildur's tomb but stopped short at the sight they saw there. Denethor stood on the top step of the tomb, right beside the writing and hoof keyhole. Spittle flew from his mouth as he laughed uncontrollable. Boromir and Faramir stood at the bottom of the steps and looked up at him. Aragorn immediately felt sorry for them. They had put so much into their father, trying so hard to help him through his insanity, to get him to the point where he would be able to have a normally functioning life. But it seemed all their work was in vain, as he stood there laughing. Suddenly he stopped laughing and started wailing. "It was mine! I put my life into it, as did my fathers and my father's fathers. Then what happens? A ranger from the North who grew up with Elves comes along and gets handed the kingdom!" "Father," Boromir pleaded. "Please come down, it's okay, remember what we've been talking about? That it's better this way." "He stole it from you as much as from me Boromir." His father said angrily. "And now I got a chance to change it, make it right again, and that wizard wrecks it for us!" Suddenly a flash of light permeated the air where Denethor was standing. Everyone who witnessed this was momentarily blinded. After blinking a few times to clear their sight, everybody stared at Denethor. Denethor noticed there looks and looked down at himself. "Yay! I'm a llama again!" He said gleefully. With that he inserted his hoof into the wall of the tomb. The stone cracked and groaned loudly as a section of stone separated from the rest of the tomb. Denethor reached his long snout into the hollow stone and triumphantly pulled it back out, and iron key held between his teeth. "He changed back into a llama!" Grima exclaimed. "That can only mean one thing." "Saruman." Gandalf said. "He must be around here somewhere." "Yes." A musical voice whispered. " Somewhere." Taking advantage of everyone looking for the source of the voice, Llama Denethor took off towards the Hall of the Kings. " After him!" Someone shouted, but smoke filled the air. Everybody ran around in confusion, bumping into each other and creating even more chaos. " Gandalf, it's the chest!" Aragorn yelled. Gandalf moved toward his voice. "What chest?" " The chest that Saruman is looking for. In the hall, remember all the statues in there. Many of them are holding stone chests. One of those is the chest he is looking for!" " We must get there fast then!" Finding their way through the smoke they made their way to the hall. " What's this about a chest?" Gandalf asked as they ran. " Wormtongue said the chest contained the key to Middle Earth. Saruman plans to use it to take over." " Then we better get there fast." But as it turned out, fast was not good enough. They made it into the hall just as Saruman was lifting the stone lid of the chest. Gandalf sent a spell towards him, but Saruman sent one back, stopping in. He reached his hand into the chest and pulled out a scroll. After hastily unrolling it he glanced at his contents. " WHAT IS THIS?" He exclaimed in anger. Gandalf used this opportunity to shoot a spell causing Saruman's staff to slide away from him. Without the power of his staff he was helpless against the white wizard. He dropped the scroll and Aragorn picked it up. "Does this say what I think it does?" He asked passing it to Legolas. "Not sure, but it makes no sense to me." Was the elf's response. " Well, tell us what it says!" Gimli exclaimed. Legolas opened his mouth to read it, but just then two hobbits came running in. "What in the blazes is going on here Aragorn?" Frodo asked. "There's people running around all over the place out there." " We were just about to figure that out." Said Gandalf. "Continue, Legolas." " It says Spinach Puffs, one cup flour, half-" " WHAT?" Sam interrupted. "The legendary recipe for Spinach Puffs? Here?" " What are you talking about?" Said Gimli. " The Gamgee family recipe! It was stolen generations ago by a man. He was a traveller and my ancestors were hospitable to him, fed him supper. Well he liked the spinach puffs so much that he took off with the recipe. It was the only copy we had and have never been able to make them since! The story has been passed down for generations about why men can't be trusted! And it's true!" " That explains things." Gandalf said softly. " Explains what Mithandir?" Asked Legolas. " Elrond once told me that Isildur used to mumble about stealing something. He seemed guilty but would always reason that it tastes so good." " Isildur!" Sam huffed shooting a dirty glance towards Aragorn. "That's your ancestor Strider!" Aragorn threw his hands up defensively. " So that's why you keep about 8 copies of each of your recipes, Sam." Frodo mentioned. " With good reason!" Sam said, throwing another look Aragorn's way, as if Aragorn was going to come to the Shire and steal all of Sam's recipes right then. " I'm just confused about one thing." Gimli said. " What's that?" " Why would Isildur go to all that trouble to hide a recipe, making people think that it is a very important secret?" " It is a very important secret." Muttered Sam, clutching the recipe close. " But why! Why is it so important?" " I suppose that is something we may never find out, Gimli." Said Gandalf.