He and his two companions were clad in simple traveling tunics of brown velvet and dark leggings, their bows of yew and quivers packed with arrows strapped tightly on their backs. They bore no standard or flag, for the road was still dangerous; if they could travel relatively unnoticed their journey would more than likely be safer, for a brightly-colored flag in the dark forest could serve as a beacon for unwanted attackers. The king and prince embraced only briefly and spoke few words before Legolas mounted his horse and set off. Their farewells had been exchanged hours earlier, so there was no need for extra hugs and well wishes. The few that had gathered to see their prince's departure, however, viewed the parting not as a formal one between a king and his subject, but between father and child. Thranduil was dressed in simple, emerald robes with a silver pendant about his neck adorned with the crest of his land, merely a plain silver circlet resting upon his golden brow. When he stepped back from embracing his son, there were tears in his eyes as Legolas spurred his horse into a canter. The king seemed not a king to his subjects that morning, but a loving father who already missed his son terribly. Here was an Elf who had risked life and land for the remaining member of his family, an Elf who only wanted to see his child prosper and be happy. Their hearts went out to father and son, and yet they knew that perhaps their hope for the son's return was in vain. War was coming, and they knew they all were going to be forced into the great battle and suffering eventually. Legolas was the first of them. I+I+I+I+I+I+I+I The first, bitter day of December found Thranduil in his chambers standing at his balcony, doors flung open. His breath materialized in a white cloud of vapor. His eyes were bright on the chilled morning, his senses fresh with the coming of the sun. "Sire?" Thranduil turned around. "Yes?" A messenger walked in and handed a letter to the king. "A message, from Rivendell." The location struck fear in the heart of Thranduil, but he took the letter from the messenger with thanks and dismissed him. Unfolding the parchment that bore no seal, Thranduil began to read: My dearest father, I write with both wonderful and terrible news. We held council yesterday, and it has been decided that I and the select representatives from other realms shall journey on a quest. I fear I cannot say more, for the fate of our quest depends on our secrecy. If this letter should fall into the wrong hands, we would be doomed. Those accompany me include two Men, a Dwarf (the son of one of your past prisoners – the irate father would have taken an axe to me if it had not been for the wise words of Mithrandir!), four Hobbits (they are kin to the one who released the Dwarves we imprisoned – 'tis a small world, or they have very large families!), and Mithrandir, of course. We total nine, and I fear I cannot tell you when we are to depart either. I cannot wait for this quest, for I desire to aide my comrades as best as I can with the training you and the rest of Lasgalen have given me, but yet I shall grieve at my departure, for I know not when nor if I shall return. Should I fail to return to your side, my beloved Adar, know that I was slain in defense of the innocence and love in this world, the very virtues you nearly gave your life for all those summers ago when we traveled to Southern Lasgalen. Know that I was not forced into this quest, but volunteered freely. Do not weep for me, Adar. Of this quest I am proud, for I will try to honor you and the Elven people well on this incredible experience. Should I not return, please remember me and the cause I fought for. I will have died in combat against terrible foes, for that is why I volunteered to come; to protect and shield, not to win glory. I hope to return to a beautiful forest and your welcoming embrace upon the completion of our journey, but I would not give you false hope. The beauty of Rivendell beckons me, so I must finish this message. You have my heart, Adar, and my love. Farewell my king, friend, and father. Wish us luck on this impossible quest, for we shall need it desperately. Your loving son, Legolas Tears had clouded his vision by the time Thranduil finished reading. He raised his emerald gaze up and stared west, wishing that he could sprout wings and fly across the forest and mountains beyond to see his son, one last time. Had he known his child himself believed that he may not return and what things he would be putting him through, he would have said different things, embraced him longer, promised him more…But he could not. He had given his son as much as he should have, and it was Legolas' time to be strong now. It was his time for glory and remembrance. "I always wish you the best of luck, my child," Thranduil murmured softly, letting his words be snatched away by the breeze. "I shall miss you, but you shall always be in my heart. Already you have won glory, no matter what you think. Be strong, my child. Be strong, my little Greenleaf." And miles away his son stood at his own balcony, and he seemed to hear his father's words carried across the wind, and he knew that every battle on this quest to destroy the Ring would be fought not only to save the Ringbearer, but for his father as well. The end. Thanks for reading, & please drop a review if you're feeling super generous...;)