our limbs. We acquire our ability by the mercy of time. Day after day, or perhaps even once in a week, or in a month, we lazily pick up a weapon that suits us most, and practice with it. Then, we are off again, searching other pleasures. It takes ages to train a warrior. For sure, in my home, dark Mirkwood (16), we practice more intensively. We cannot afford to linger in faint pleasures while the enemy is on our border. But still, we take our time. How unlike the men, who fight every day to obtain even the beginnings of a skill, and yet despise it, for they compare their results it with ours. They forget we had years to master them. And so, they worship us and distrust us, and they do not see how valuable their efforts are. They live. You, stranger, you who has read this, can you understand this? Men live. They enjoy life at its fullest, they mourn and grieve as if their hearts have been severed from them, they run and search pleasure like there will be no tomorrow. They do not scorn a gift, they do not delay a joy, for who knows when that opportunity will ever come again? How much like the butterfly are they! Forgive me my handwriting (17). Perhaps, if you are not of elven-kin, you will not understand how this thought moves me, how ' tis a realization that does not come easily to us, eternal creatures. For we have taken the respect of men for granted, and slowly, slowly, even we began to see ourselves a little as gods – not explicitly of course, none would dare to utter such blasphemy beneath Manwe's(18) winds , or near the waters of Ossë and Uinen and Ulmo (19)! But we began to disdain the works and craftsmanship of men, readily giving our gifts, not realizing the effort and pain the Secondborn (20) went through to give life to even the most imperfect of their creations. Never will you see a statue made by men, or a trinket formed by their rough hands in our realms, for why value them when we can craft such beautiful pieces ourselves? Slowly, we forgot, and we became what we also had claimed never to become: haughty, flighty, ethereal creatures, beautiful as the winter's star, but cold and slippery. And I thank the Valar. I thank the Valar with my heart and soul and mind that they have sent me the lithe butterfly to see what we've become, and to contemplate about this small mystery. The Curse of the Butterfly. (1) VAN XANTEN (B.), The Diary of Legolas of Lasgalen (2759?, Third Age - 120, Fourth Age). Remarks and Observations about the Author and the Diary. Antwerpen, Research Publishers (1989), 245 pp. (2) 13th-Century addition by a monk, presumably active in Antwerp, in the circles around the mystic Hadewych of Antwerp as his language suggests. These words were taken directly from Hadewych's 6th vision. (3) The author seems to have divided the category of elves into sub-categories. One of the is the Nandor (sing. Nando), to which he counts himself. Another is the Noldor (sing. Nolod), often used as a contrary. (4) Much-used interjection. The Valar (sing. Vala or Valier) seem to have been gods. Van Xanten suggests that they are the same as the norwegian, pagan gods (op. cit. pp 179 - 188) (5) The author suggests his name signifies Green-Leaf. This language is until today unknown though. (6) In contrary to what he says, the author did not truly understand his own lesson - although he now paid attention to small things, he still compares them to grand, magnificent treasures and does not take them for what they truly are, nor does he seem to realize that plain green can be beautiful as well. SMITH (T), Legolas of Lasgalen: prince, elf and author. A study about the writer of the Diary. Canterbury, UPO (1978), 314 pp. (7) One of the in (4) mentioned Valar. Goddess of the trees and nature. According to Van Xanten equivalent to Freyr (op. cit. p 181). (8) It is worth noting the author often depicts himself as a child, whereas he also acts like an old Councillor , especially regarding to Aragorn, son of Arathorn and the four hobbits during his later accounts. (9) The author describes a society not unlike the medieval times. According to his status as a prince, he should have had more than one chambermaid. His precise position in Lasgalen remains unclear though, since there are accounts of him being a warrior and a messenger too. (10) Supreme god. He is not one of the Valar, but stands above them. Often identified with Odin (Van Xanten, op. cit. pp 187-188) (11) Other name for Illuvatar (see (10)). (12) In his work, the author makes a clear distinction between the mortal races (men, hobbits and dwarves), and the immortal races (elves, maiar and valar). (13) A heaven-like place, where the race of the elves will find their homes after they sailed. This sailing may be a metaphor for dying. (14) Stands in contrary to the Undying Lands and is depicted as a grey, mournful land. Several students have wanted to see a alternative version of Saint-Agustine's Heaven and Earth theme, as set forth in his De Civitate Dei. (15) Other name for the elves. (16) Other name for Eryn Lasgalen, although it has the connotation of darkness and threat. (17) In the copy the copyist tried to imitate a trembling handwriting, indicating he may have been looking at the original document, or a copy that does the same. (18) Vala of the Wind, compared with Njördr. (19) Valar with water as their domain. It is unclear whether these three names refer to one god, or different gods with a different function. (20) Other name for men, who have been created after the elves. Please review? *Looks at you with expectant eyes* xXx Archiril