one, holding to her hand, had something amiss with her. One of her eyes was crossed, and her mouth hung open a little. He had seen her condition before, although not in a great long while. "Ruby," Mrs. Gamgee spoke, and the sandy-haired one turned to look at her mother, "take this chap and show him where our Ellie is, will yer now. Aye, Primmie, you can go too. Nay, the rest of y'uns stay away. He don't need the lot of yer to show 'im the way. Our Ellie is just one lass, not ten lasses." Fastred gave her his most engaging smile. Then looked down at the two little girls, one of whom, the defective one, had taken hold of his hand. "This way," Ruby said. "Don't mind Primrose now. She's a mite..." She tapped her own temple with the tip of her forefinger and looked up meaningly at him. "She won't hurt yer none, though." "I never supposed she would," Fastred said smiling. And he pressed Primrose's hand very gently. "Lead the way." They walked down a narrow path that led through a wooded area. It was strangely peaceful. "Ellie's paintin' place is out this-a-way," Ruby said. "Did you see Toby Gawkroger? He just come this way." "If he's the fellow that brushed by me a while ago, yes," Fastred said chuckling. "So he is a rejected suitor of your sister's?" Ruby nodded, giggling. "Are you goin' to marry our Ellie?" she asked him. He did not know why that should have surprised him, but it did. "I may," he said with a smile once more, "if she'll have me." "I'd have yer if'n I was her," Ruby said. "Just watch out for Goldilocks, though. Dad says she's too young to like lads, but that don't stop her. She likes ever' lad she sees." Fastred laughed. "I'm a bit old for her, I should say." "Watch out for our Merry-lad and Pippin-lad too," Ruby said. "They throwed the Goatcloset lads right out the gate one day. But then, you're bigger'n they be. Primmie, don't scratch yerself there where a chap can see." "Goatcloset?" Fastred said with lifted eyebrows. "Aye, they're a couple a' no-goods from Nobottle," Ruby informed him most importantly. "Dad don't even let 'em through the gate, but they tried to come in while he's out once. He caught one of 'em cheatin' somebody at his daddy's store. The other 'un's kind of a Miss Nancy. That's what Merry-lad says." Fastred laughed again. "Well, I will try neither to cheat anyone or be a Miss Nancy," he said, then remembered the vase. He would return it to his grandfather. Or ask permission to give it to Elanor, and pay him for it. "Rosie-lass might have yer if our Ellie won't," Ruby said with a little jerk of her head. "We're almost here. There she be, over yander. See 'er?" There was a circular glade surrounded by pines, and in the middle he could see a young lass from the back, sitting before an easel on which was set a painting on an oval-shaped piece of wood. "Shh," Ruby said. "She's makin' a pitcher for our mum and dad. Just wait a minute." Fastred moved a bit closer, his heart pounding. He could see she was wearing a little straw hat, beneath which fell amber curls to her shoulder-blades. She had a paint-stained apron wrapped about her, and seemed unaware that she was being watched. And he looked at the portrait she was painting...a lass with hair the same color as her own, and a face of such sweetness and loveliness and aliveness that he recognized as the very spirit of the girl who had painted the portrait that hung in his grandfather's tower. His breath nearly stopped in his body. He could not have her paint his portrait now. She would see him clearly for what he was...and she would never have him. She was a painter of souls. How could he ever show her his own? Shame flooded him like a spring torrent. He would never be worthy. "C'mon, Primmie," Ruby whispered to her sister, "less go on back now..." "But I must be introduced," he said, forgetting that he was presenting himself on business rather than as a suitor, and feeling that even if he could not have her paint his portrait, he must at least meet her, just once. Just to see if the reality of her in any way matched the image she was producing on the oval before her. And then she turned around...very slowly, and looked his way. And she quickly stood up, and pushed back the hat, which blew off from her head unnoticed in the breeze. The sun set fire to her hair, which was held back from her face with a crimson bow. Their eyes met in the afternoon sunlight. All the birds of the forest and glade seemed to stop singing, and he scarcely noticed that several children had stolen up the path to watch. And he knew then that he could let her paint his portrait, after all. She would see him as he was, to be sure, yet she would make of him what he could be in the creation of the image. He would read her father's story, which he knew only in part now, and he would learn the names and faces of all her siblings, and eat in her home, and all that was waiting within him would spring like tender shoots in the light and grow to embrace the sky... And she was walking slowly now toward him, removing her paint-stained apron, and he knew that all he had to give her was himself, and when she would come to paint his portrait, it was his soul in completeness that would appear upon the canvas before them, and someday the two portraits would hang side by side in the brightness of the western light and the evening star. ~Finis~