offered to her. She took a small sip and then held it in her lap, looking up at her husband's face. "I saw Greenwood the Great's downfall. Everything, everyone was dead." She said barely above a whisper as the tears started to fall down her cheeks. Thranduil wiped the tears from her cheeks and pressed his lips in a thin line, "You were only dreaming, mela. Greenwood is still here; your home is still here." He said softly to her as he rubbed her cheeks to try and calm her down a bit more. Mithrildis shook her head and stood up, placing the cup of water on the night stand by their bed and walking out into the cool night air to try and calm herself. She closed her eyes and her dream replayed over and over in her mind. How could she prevent this? What did she have to do to make sure that her family still lived and didn't fall to Sauron? Thranduil's strong arms wrapped around her and rested his chin on top of her head. "Faeneth was the only one left alive but she might as well have been dead. If Greenwood continues on its current path darkness will consume it and our daughter will sit on the throne next to Sauron." She said as she looked out at the dark forest and everyone slept peacefully among the trees. "It was only a dream, Sauron is no more. He was killed long ago and he will not return. And what path is it that Greenwood is following?" He asked as he started to sway them from side to side slowly. Mithrildis narrowed her eyes as she tried to remember what it was that her daughter had said in the dream. Stubbornness and greed most surely must have been about Thranduil, for as much as she loved the elven king he always had a stubborn streak and he did appear greedy to those who did not truly know him. But what about Rivendell? "Rivendell did not come." She repeated her daughter's words out loud and she felt Thranduil stiffen behind her. Of course, how could she have not seen it before? Thranduil was always so stubborn when it came to asking for help but when it came to Rivendell he was unmoving like the rocks in the mountains. "What did you say?" Thranduil asked as anger seeped softly into his words. Mithrildis suddenly turned in his arms and looked up at him, fear still plainly written in her eyes. "You must forgive Rivendell and start mending the hatred between the two elven kingdoms." She spoke with hast but also caution, unsure of Thranduil's reaction. Thranduil didn't move and remained silent as he looked down at his wife but his eyes were far away as he thought about what she said. His arms fell from her and he shook his head, "I can't." He said softly as he turned and walked back inside the room. Mithrildis followed him back inside, her face set and her mind determined. "You will, Thranduil. I will not have my sons killed and my daughter sitting next to Sauron." She said, flustered and angry with her husband. "Sauron is dead, he isn't coming back." Thranduil said back to her, turning to face her as anger flashed in his eyes. "You tell me that I must accept the Rivendell elves because you had a dream about Greenwood's fall to evil? An evil that is already dead and we no longer have to worry about?" Mithrildis shook her head, "You know as much as I do that Sauron is not gone for good. Maybe I feel the evil clearer than you because I am a nymph and connected to nature more strongly than you. But I know you feel it, you aren't blind." She sighed and took Thranduil's face in her hands, "It is time that you let go of your hatred. Like it or not, sometime in the future we are going to need the help of our neighboring elves to keep Greenwood safe. You cannot do everything on your own." She frowned and sighed as Thranduil gently pulled her hands off his face. "I cannot simply forgive the people who are responsible for my father's death. They are the very reason that our children no longer have a grandfather, why Greenwood's people no longer have their King." He said looking down at her sternly. "But you are their King and they love you." Mithrildis said her face softening as she looked at her husband. "Only because of my father's death. If he did not die he would still be ruling over this forest and doing a great deal better than I." He shook his head and sighed, "I only got the throne because the Elrond believed my father's actions were foolish and so did not help him. They didn't believe what my father was doing to be right. Because of that he is dead and now you are asking me to forgive them?" "I am asking you to mend this hatred for the sake of your people, of your sons and of your daughter." Mithrildis said, "I cannot go on living should you die, my race will die with Greenwood's fall and I will not have reason to live anymore." Thranduil's face softened as he pulled Mithrildis close to his chest and he felt her cry in his arms. He pressed his lips together in frustration as he was torn between his family and his hatred. They stood there for what seemed like ages as Thranduil was at war within himself and Mithrildis couldn't stop the tears from flowing down her cheeks. Finally, Thranduil lead her back to bed and silently walked to their door. He opened it and looks at the guards, "Wake the counselors and ask the cook on duty to make some tea. We have a long night ahead of us." Ada = Father Nana = Mother Mela = Love