are the crown prince of this realm. I will not permit you to go gallivanting off to Imladris to cause who knows what mischief with Estel while you are there -" "It was my responsibility, Adar! I was the one who lost Gollum. It is only fair that I be the one to relay the news." Thranduil saw the plea on his son's face and inclined his head in agreement. "Very well, I will offer you this one other opportunity, ion nin. You are only to act as my messenger. Report the news and then return home with all haste." Legolas' eyes filled with determination and he raised his head resolutely. "As you wish, my king." Thranduil felt a sense of fear fill his veins and he clutched both Legolas and Lasneth's shoulders, composing himself and giving a terse smile. "You know Lalaith came to tell me she had a disturbing vision that deterred her from her rest. She fears for you, both of you." The two brothers shared a look of guilt. "I fear we may have been neglecting our dear friend, allowing our duties to rule our minds," Lasneth replied, running a hand through the blonde hair that was so alike to his father and brother. Thranduil raised Legolas' chin. "Then go to her, as a good friend should, for there is not long now until your departure. You leave tomorrow, at the coming of dawn." Both princes stood and gave their father a hug before exiting the study. Thranduil's eyes filled with tears as he stared at the evening sky outside his window. The sense of fear had not left him yet, and he sat there for hours into the night, praying that his children would stay safe. The ancient king knew the age of peace had come to an end. Dark and dreadful times were ahead. xxxxxxx The two brothers found their friend seated on her favourite bench. Lasneth grinned as he recalled that out of the many gardens to choose in the realm, she chose the one facing directly towards the training fields where she was able to keep a watchful eye on them all day. Lalaith offered the two princes a watery smile as they went to sit beside her, Lasneth gently took hold of her left hand, and Legolas her right. She leaned her head on Legolas' shoulder as the three young elves watched the stars with trepidation, wondering if they would ever get the chance to sit together like this again. Neither of them slept all night. Legolas had momentarily returned to his chambers in order to prepare for his upcoming journey to Rivendell, but joined his brother and friend as soon as the sun began to rise once more. Still holding hands, the three young elves walked slowly in the direction of the stables. The king stood outside the stall of a dappled grey stallion, and did not seem too surprised to see his elder son accompanied by the two closest to him. Thranduil moved aside as Legolas approached his horse, tenderly stroking the stallion's nose. The horse let out a whinny and nudged its nose into the prince's pocket, searching for a treat. Legolas chuckled and took the apple Lalaith held in her palm, scratching the animal' ears as it munched happily on the fruit. Lasneth reached forward and took the horse's reins, leading it out of the stables. The elves slowly walked out towards the gates of Mirkwood and paused, gazing at the sunlight that gradually peeked from above the treetops. Lasneth secured his brother's travel pack to the horse's saddle before turning and clasping his forearm in a warrior's farewell. Legolas smiled and had barely turned to face his father before Thranduil had roughly pulled him into an embrace. "Come back to me, ion nin. " Legolas gulped and returned Thranduil's tender smile. Finally, the crown prince enveloped his best friend in a hug, pressing a light kiss to the crown of her hair. " Namarie," he said softly. Lalaith smiled through her tears and hugged him tighter. "Not farewell, but until we next meet, my dear prince," Lalaith whispered. She straightened the collar of his tunic and took a step back. Legolas inhaled deeply and mounted his horse, running his hand through its mane. He forced a grin to his face, eyes twinkling as he turned his horse towards the gate. Thranduil stood as still as a statue, his hands on either side grasped tightly by Lasneth and Lalaith. The three elves watched as a small group of guards escorted Legolas out of the gates into the forest. None of them knew just how perilous a journey the prince would embark on. Thranduil sent another prayer for his child's safety. The elven king felt an unexpected calm pass through his being and beamed as he recognised it to be his wife's spirit from Valinor. The king stood with the two young elves until Legolas had passed from beyond their sight, and led them both back to the palace, the morning sun shining high and brilliantly in the cloudless blue sky. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Bilbo Baggins hummed softly to himself as he leisurely walked down the cobblestone pathway leading out of Hobbiton. He looked back over his shoulder at Bag End, standing proudly under the great hill. The hobbit sighed as remorse wrapped around his heart for leaving his dear Frodo with the magic ring, as well as his burdens. Little did the hobbit know of what that action would cost his beloved young cousin, one whom he had always perceived as his own child. Shrugging his shoulders, Bilbo continued down the path, his merry voice drifting away into the distance. "The road goes ever on and on, down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the road has gone, and I must follow, if I can…" Translations: Hannon le (thank you) Muindor (brother) Adar/Ada (Father/Dad) Elleth (she-elf) Penneth (child) Ion nin (my son) Namarie (farewell)