fell when they saw the condition of the elf and the unexpressed pain in the man's eyes. They stopped in their tracks as they finally understood what happened though unbelievable as it seemed to be. Elrohir composed himself first, walking over to his brother's horse and bringing it to a halt. Quietly, he moved to lift Legolas' body from the horse. However, Aragorn's arm refused to release the blonde elf from his custody. "No..." came a soft, almost inaudible voice. "Do not take him...do not take him away. He needs me. I have to save him..." Aragorn's eyes looked lost as they pleaded with the raven haired elf before him. He looked like a lost soul desperately searching for a reason...a reason for death...a reason for everything. "Let me take him, Estel. He does not need..." Elrohir was going to say, 'he does not need your saving anymore', but the words sounded too cruel. Instead, he whispered, "You already saved him. You can do no more." He was surprised at how easy it was as his brother did not put up a fight at all. Worry was etched in his face at Aragorn's sudden unresponsiveness. The man just sat there, head bowed in pain and guilt, as he allowed the dark haired elf to take the body of his best friend. Elrohir was going to say something when his twin came up behind him and put a hand on his shoulder. Understanding the silent words, Elrohir walked away, carrying Legolas' body. Elladan mutely walked over to his brother who had yet to move from the horse. He placed a gentle hand on his brother's knee trying to offer support while bringing his brother back to reality. Aragorn barely looked up as he slowly dismounted from the horse. His shaking legs were barely able to support his weight, and it was only a matter of moments before he collapsed into his brother's arms, welcoming the dark escape… The memories of that day ran through Aragorn's mind over and over again. Each night, he relived those last moments, as he sat staring off into space in that same clearing where that horrible incident occurred. This was his escape from reality. In this spot he could see his friend again and remind himself of his own guilt. Maybe it was punishment for what he did to the elf. Maybe it was just his way of staying close to his friend. In any case, Aragorn refused sleep so that he could come here, because in his mind, his need for sleep was what caused his friend's death in the first place. A few days after his father's offer, Elladan and Elrohir along with a few other elves, departed from Rivendell on their planned hunting trip. Before leaving that morning, the two twin brothers made a special point to bid their brother goodbye. After all, he would undoubtedly avoid them and retreat even further into himself. When they were sure that Aragorn listened to them, they sought out their father intent on securing their brother's safety. "Ada, we will be leaving shortly," Elladan stated, amusing his father greatly. "And why, my son, would you have to personally find me to say goodbye. You know that I would never miss sending you both off." "Ada," Elrohir began. He looked at his twin once more before continuing as if trying to reassure himself that what he was about to say was not an overreaction. "I know that Legolas has only been gone a few months, and I understand the feeling of loss for even pleasant memories haunt me as they only serve to show me what will forever be missing…" Elrohir trailed off as though succumbing to his own thoughts of despair. "I know. His death has affected us all deeply," Elrond said softly with a deep sorrow in his voice that was almost unbearable to hear. Being a father, he often became overly protective of anyone left in his charge, as was evident in his ease at becoming Aragorn's surrogate father. He had known Legolas since he was an elfling, and because of this, he felt as though he had lost his own child that mournful day. He could easily sympathize with the late elf's father who after the funeral and initial shock, took to retreating within his kingdom, refusing any unnecessary conversation or contact with anyone. In his heart, Elrond knew that he would not soon be free of his grief. The only thing he, himself, could do was continue to live, for the world did not stop for anyone, as he unfortunately learned in his long life. "Ada?" Elladan asked concerned at his father's blank expression. "I am sorry. I was just remembering," Elrond said as he waved away his sons' worries. "We are worried about Estel. He needs help, and I do not think we can give it to him. I don't think we can save him this time," Elladan stated sadly. Silence enveloped the room as all three elves truly felt the impact of those words. Elrond broke it first. "Estel is still grieving. He does not understand why his friend was taken from, especially an immortal. His whole world has been shattered. We cannot make him well until he accepts our aid," Elrond said this without looking at either of his sons. Instead, his eyes were locked on his desk as though he was trying to convince himself that time would truly heal his son's wounds. "What do we do in the mean time?" Elrohir asked not at all liking his father's answer. "We wait. He will come to us. And when he does, we will pick up the pieces," Elrond said with more confidence. Accepting their father's judgment, Elladan and Elrohir left the room in resignation not wanting to wait but knowing they had no other choice. However, they did not know that this hunting trip was the opportunity Elrond was waiting for to finally talk seriously with his son.