free stuff. Post-It notes were switched and torn off, and anything that was unguarded or unclaimed left the home with a new owner. Fed up with his unwelcome guests, Frodo started a Text Message chain that said more free stuff was available at the Sackville-Bagginses (but only if the message was sent to 100 people by the next blue moon). The unwanted crowd dispersed, frantically sending the message on and trying to figure out when the next blue moon was. This was completely useless, of course, as there is no way to tell when a blue moon will come. It took hours for everyone to find their bestowed items and leave. After chasing out the last hobbit, Frodo shut the door, locked it, and sat on the couch. Knock-knock-knock. Frodo closed his eyes and gave a weary sigh. Probably Lobelia wanting Bilbo's credit cards, he thought. Lobelia had been convicted of identity theft twice, and Frodo suddenly had a horrid image of Bilbo speaking with Lobelia's voice on a Citi commercial. The knocking persisted, but Frodo was bound and determined not to answer. "Frodo Baggins!" Gandalf's deep voice called, muffled slightly by the door. "If you do not answer, I shall drive my Hummer through your door all the way to the other side of the hill!" "Gandalf!" Frodo bolted upright as if the chair had just thrown him out. "One moment!" He fiddled with the gazillions of locks on the door. Bilbo had always been paranoid. "There." He opened the door. "I'm so sorry! I thought it was Lobelia." The gray-haired wizard stepped inside. "Then I forgive you," he said. "I just saw her, driving her old beat-up Subaru Loyale and trying to pilfer a credit card off Magnolia Boffin." "She's been convicted of identity theft twice," Frodo closed the door. "I nearly used Bilbo's Ringtone to disappear." Gandalf's eyes hardened. "Don't do that!" He hissed. "Frodo, that Ringtone is very dangerous. It's part of the reason I came back before leaving. What do you know of it already?" "Only what Bilbo told me," Frodo said innocently. "I heard the story of how he got it." "Ah, there are many accounts of that," Gandalf said. "Which did he tell you?" "Not the one he told the dwarves and put on the blog," Frodo said. "He told me the true story when I came to live with him. He said 'the old wizard pestered me until I told him, Frodo my lad, so you ought to know, too.'" "Really," Gandalf mused. "And what do you think of it all?" "If you mean inventing all that about a present, I thought the true story much more likely. I couldn't see the point of altering it at all. It was very unlike Bilbo to do so, and I found it very odd." "So did I, but odd things happen to people with such treasures, if they use them," Gandalf said. "Let it be a warning to you to be very careful with it. The Ringtone may have other powers than simply making you vanish whenever you feel like it." "Bilbo said something about that." Frodo leaned forward in his chair. "It doesn't really make you vanish, does it?" Gandalf shook his head. "A common misconception. It simply takes advantage of the reality that people using cellular phones are so common that the eye passes right over them. However, if the user wishes, it will make him truly vanish by using a substance called Quicksilver, which bends light around whatever it covers and makes it impossible to see it." Gandalf paused for a long moment before saying, "I have begun to wonder about that Ringtone since Bilbo left. Don't worry, but do take my advice and use it seldom, or, preferably, not at all. At the very least, don't use it in any way that will make others suspicious. I say again," the wizard leaned forward and Frodo was sure those blue eyes would burn holes right through him, "Keep it secret. Keep it safe." "But what are you afraid of?" Frodo was beginning to get a little nervous. "I'm not sure, so I'm going to hold my tongue for now. I might be able to tell you something when I get back. I'm leaving right now." Gandalf stood up. " Now!" Frodo cried in dismay. "But you just got here! I thought you were sticking around awhile! I was looking forward to it. Things will be awfully lonely without Bilbo." "I wanted to, but I have something to take care of," Gandalf explained. "I might be away for a very long time, and I will not visit the Shire openly again. I don't think people around here like me much anymore. They say I am a nuisance and a disturber of the peace. According to an email rumor that began circulating this morning, there is a plot between the two of us to get hold of your uncle's wealth." Frodo groaned. "That must be Otho and Lobelia. How heinous of them. I'd give anything-including Bag End-if I could get Bilbo back." The young hobbit looked down at his hairy toes and said sadly, "I wonder if I'll ever see him again." Gandalf laid a consoling hand on Frodo's shoulder. "As do I. I wonder about many other things. Take care of yourself and look for me especially at unlikely times. I shall come like a thief in the night. Goodbye!" The haggard wizard pressed a button on his watch and his Hummer rolled up to the door. Gandalf opened the driver's side door and Frodo saw a young blond-haired girl. No sooner had he made those two observations than the girl was sucked back into the steering wheel. "Wow!" Frodo exclaimed, amazed. "Does that come standard?" "Sort of," Gandalf said. "It came with a black dude, but he kept getting pulled over. Farewell!" Gandalf climbed into the Hummer and drove away. Frodo did not see him again for a very long time.