Elladan moved forward, peering at his father's eye. Elrohir, ashamed and disgusted, held back. "Are you not going to check the outcome of your labors?" Elrond asked, staring at his other son. Elrohir looked at him miserably, blurting out emotionally his sorrows. "Are you never to forgive me?" Elrond felt a smile form on his lips. "Are you never going to rise above petty bickering with a stranger to our household?" "This is the first time!" Elrohir protested. Elrond smiled. "Make it the last." Elrohir sighed and nodded. "I am truly sorry, Papa." "I know. That is why I don't find a big spoon." Elladan smiled. "You'd have to catch us first." Elrond arched an eyebrow, turning to the older of his sons. "And you don't think I can catch you?" For a moment there was silence and then they laughed. "We know you can!" Elladan said, snickering. On the staircase above them, a sad look on his face, Legolas watched. Silently, with a ragged sigh, he turned and walked back to his room alone. **********Later that night ... Dinner was a quiet affair, Legolas sandwiched between two visiting Elves from the Gray Havens. Ordinarily he would be dazzled at the idea of strangers at table bringing news from other places, so sheltered and isolated was his father's court but he was too homesick to care very much. This was the longest time he had ever been away from home and it bothered him more than he had dreaded that it would. He had never been away from home, the confines of their kingdom and the company of one or both of his parents. He even missed his brothers, the older boys usually having little to do with the bright, handsome youngster that was such an afterthought to all their lives. He had grown up close to his mother and idealizing his father, a man who was emotionally volatile but emotionally distant as well. He wanted to please his father more than he wanted to breathe sometimes and so he worked hard at the skills that his father would notice, most noteworthy his uncanny ability with a bow. He was among the finest natural archers in his entire kingdom, someone to pit the best against in tournaments. This was something that his father admired in him and when he would compliment the boy, he would float in joy over it for days. Now his father was far away and he was here, living in the midst of the enemies of his family. His grandfather had suffered, the Noldor unworthy of his trust and he was stuck among them for a very long time. Looking at the head of the table, sitting on his chair slightly raised above all others, he studied as best he could the comptroller of his fate. Lord Elrond of Rivendell, the Master of Imladris, the names didn't come easily to his mind. He was raised on another ethos regarding this place and these people and he felt surrounded and alone. Elrond was tall, like all Elves were and his hair was long and dark. Dark hair was not commonly seen in his woods and so the idea of it was strange to him. Elrond had gray eyes and they seemed to pierce him when they looked at each other, dark eyes capable of drilling holes through his brain. It was almost as if the older man could read his mind and even though it was a possible thing among his kind, Legolas felt he could read every syllable, not the odd stray thought or the emotional landscape of the moment. It made him feel naked and vulnerable and along with that, nervous. He usually wasn't nervous unless his brothers had provoked him and now he was, sweaty nervous, the kind you get before something terrible happens. Like at that moment. He reached for his glass and missed, knocking it over with his hand. The glass tipped and red wine spilled, spreading like blood across the snow white cloth of the table. He watched it with dismay, his cheeks flushing with embarrassment as the eyes of all fixed upon it. He rose, his napkin falling and he stood helplessly. Elrond noted his dismay and made a snap decision. Reaching out for his own glass, he bumped it and it tipped, falling over. He stared at it for a moment, drawing attention away from the suffering boy and sighed. "Papa," Elrohir exclaimed with surprise. "You spilled your glass." It was comical, the note of extreme surprise in his voice as he witnessed an event he had never seen before and before he could speak again, Elladan kicked him under the table. Elrond rose and took his napkin, placing it on the stain. He looked at Legolas, the darkly emotional eyes of the youngster upon him and he nodded. Legolas looked around flustered and retrieved his napkin, imitating the great lord himself. Then all rose and they turned and walked out, moving to the balcony beyond. Elrond lingered, waiting for all to pass before turning to the laggardly boy moving as well. He took him by the arm and stopped him, looking into his face with kindly eyes. "Thank you for not letting me be the only one to be clumsy tonight," he said louder than need be, squeezing Legolas' arm gently. He stepped aside and the astonished boy passed, moving onto the balcony to listen to the singing that was wafting up from the valley below. Elrond watched him go and stop at the railing, staring into the soft night glittering with twinkling stars. Waterfalls filled the evening with beauty, both visually and melodically and they sat or stood, listening and watching for hours. Legolas sat on the railing, unaware of the many admiring glances he drew, puzzling over the enigma of the lord of this realm. With a sigh, he gave himself over to the music of the night, one more reason to be homesick. =0=TBC c2010