but without mercy. Legolas smiled warmly as he watched Lord Elrond play with their son. It was so rare that elves bore children that every Elvin pregnancy was looked at as a miracle. That's what Ellisarian was. A miracle. Their miracle. Unbeknownst to Aragorn when he had been courting Legolas, he later discovered that his lover could bare children. It was quite the surprise to him –to say the least. In all his years living in the House of Elrond, he had never been privy to this information; then again, he had never thought to ask such a question. It wasn't really something he had been pondering between his hunting trips –once he was old enough- and general misbehavior. He had been more concerned with having adventures and breaking the rules that prohibited his choices for fun activities. The news that they would indeed be able to have a child together was more than pleasing to Aragorn, and so they married and planned their first child. Now, it was less than three years later and here they were, with Aragorn's step-father Elrond visiting for the holidays. At the moment, little Ellisarian had toddled over to Elrond away from his nurse, to greet him for the second time ever. It seemed, despite the fact that he had only seen Elrond once before, the Lord had made a great impression upon their son. "Is this celebration intended to include the entire kingdom?" Elrond posed his question to the fathers of the adorable youth in his arms that now nuzzled his neck and smelled him. The Lord tried to keep his face straight and calm, but the tike was drooling, and tickling him with his gentle breaths. He burst out laughing for a moment as he pulled Ellisarian away from his neck and tapped his nose, with a tender smile across his lips. The child looked at him innocently, with wide pale eyes, his hand in a tiny fist over his mouth to try and stop the slobber. Elrond merely laughed as Legolas did. Aragorn merely looked proudly down at his son and wrapped his arm around his lover's waist possessively. Legolas chuckled and leaned into his husband. "Yes, it will involve the whole of the kingdom." Aragorn responded to his 'father'. "Why should it not?" He laughed genuinely again. "Three years as king." Legolas smiled; reminiscing, as he looked deeply into his lover's eyes. "I am surprised I made it this far." Aragorn quipped, looking only into his lover's eyes as he got lost in their depths. They leaned together and kissed briefly before remembering they had company, as well as a gurgling child that was ever-observant of their actions, still with his fist half in his mouth and drool falling down his cheek. The table they sat at was a small meeting table in Aragorn's study. All of them sat in comfortable chairs with cushions to comfort their tired bodies –Elrond most of all, for he had just arrived a few hours prior. "Have you decided on a separate celebration, for just yourselves?" Elrond wondered idly as he stroked his grandson's cheek, making him coo aloud with delight as his face flushed happily. "Well, I was just wondering if I was going to get the opportunity to baby-sit little Ellisarian that night?" Elrond queried slyly, with a leer toward the married youths. Aragorn took Legolas' hand into his as they both flushed a slightly darker shade of red. "That would be lovely, Ada." Aragorn told his father. "Marvelous." Elrond commented with a smile of indifference and knowing. "Is this to be another ball?" Elrond asked with a smile. "Yes." Legolas answered hurriedly. He had been planning the whole escapade with Aragorn's occasional opinion and plenty of help from the visitors of Gondor who each celebrated different occasions differently. Seeing how excited Legolas was about his creation, Elrond glanced at Aragorn. He could easily guess that Legolas had gone over the plans for the celebration a thousand times with his husband. Nonetheless, Aragorn smiled –only slightly wearily- at his husband for his joviality. "What have you planned?" Elrond wondered, and Aragorn's eyes widened slightly, as if questioning his father's sanity of asking such a question. Legolas immediate dove into a full explanation of everything that would be going on that night and every decoration and guest to attend imaginable. "This one fellow I was talking to that had come from the North explained of how they had decorated trees in the coldest time of the year…" Legolas began to explain, after nearly an hour of aimless talk of other lords and ladies that were attending. "Trees?" Elrond repeated inquisitively. "Yes!" Legolas responded eagerly. "Strange, is it not?" He shook his head and shrugged his shoulders as he laughed. "Any trees?" Elrond continued. This topic was more interesting than of the color banners to represent Gondor without discriminating other counties' representing colors. "No, not bare ones. They decorate the trees that remain green all year long. Quite peculiar, don't you think?" He chuckled. "I would love to do that here, but why should we cut down a tree that lives all year long, just to place it inside like they do, and decorate it. It is disgracing the image of the tree to cut it down when one is celebrating its symbolism of life even in the worst months of the year." That made sense. A/N: This story is too long to have one continuous chapter, so I have divided the story up into two parts. This memory will continue in the next part. Sorry for any confusion. Summary:Aragorn and Legolas are happily married and jointly ruling Gondor. Together they had a son eighteen years ago and now he's ready to grow up from childhood and become more independent. His first attempt at this starts when a rather handsome pirate strolls into Gondor under the suggestion of a withering profit. Is our neighborhood-friendly pirate good enough for the son of Aragorn and Legolas?