her animals? She did not have any family still close to her alive, which was one thing she was happy for. At least she would not be causing them any grief. Because now, she was being thrown into another world that she knew nothing about. "We shall not send you empty handed, my child." The woman spoke, as if reading her thoughts. Evelyn jumped; she had almost forgotten their presence in her deep thought. "You come from a world of wickedness, ruled by man. Middle-Earth has many races - men included. They are easily corrupted, but there are many who are good and pure. Much evil you had to endure by the hands of men, and not lightly are those evils forgiven, for it can never be forgotten. Time must be given to you to heal, so you will be sent to Lothlorien, home of the lady Galadriel, and an Elven sanctuary. The elves, though very similar to men, are very different. They are pure and good beings. Safety, comfort, and healing you will find there - for evil is against their very nature." "Come, we will let you collect any belongings from this world before your new journey begins." The man spoke. As they walked, she learned their names from her new world. The man was called Manwë, and the woman, who was also his wife, was Varda. They followed under the guide and command of Eru, or God, as her religion called him. The scenery around them was a blur; she could not make out any specific details, until they arrived at her homestead. She had to choke back a sob. This would be her last time looking at her log house, big red barn, and rolling pasture land. After this point she would no longer find comfort and solitude with her horses. What would happen to them? Who would take care of them if not her? "Worry not about your animals, for they will be looked after. We shall see to it, for they mean much to you. Now, however, collect anything you wish to take with you, for we cannot linger long." "Thank you." She said meekly, gathering the courage to walk into her home. Tears silently rolled down her cheek at the familiar creek of the old oak door, and the settling of the house's foundations. She wanted so badly to walk around, soak it all in, go to sleep on her bed, but she remembered their words. There was not much time. Though part of her wished she was just dreaming, she knew it to not be true, for her memories of the past events were still clear in her mind. In the end, she grabbed an old leather backpack, stuffed in her grandmother's jewelry, her favorite pictures, and first aid equipment. There was nothing else that was not alive and breathing that she cherished enough to take with her. She made it to the front door before she fell to her knees and broke down, crying. The sobs wracked her body, and she could feel herself heaving. The nails in the wood poked at her knees, but she cared not. Evelyn paid little attention to the approach of the Valar; actually, she did not hear them at all, or feel when they touched her shoulder. She did not remember traveling back to Valinor or heaven, whichever it was. How long she cried for, she had no idea. When she was finally able to stop and pull herself together, her eyes were so red and swollen that she feared she would not be able to see. Miraculously, she could, though everything held a glassy hue. She saw the Valar sitting patiently in chairs by her side, and she felt suddenly ashamed and very much like a child. "Do not feel ashamed Evelyn, for you have suffered much." Varda told her, once again placing a comforting hand on her shoulder. Evelyn made herself nod, though now she was certain they could read her mind and thoughts, and it was confirmed when they both chuckled. "We have found a vessel for you; it is soon time for you to depart our lands." "Will I look the same?" She knew it was vain, but she had to know. Plus, she wanted to be prepared for the next time she looked into the mirror, to see if she would be a completely different person. "No my child, you will take on the form of the vessel, though the scars of your soul will show through, your physical features shall not." "I am going to have a dead person's body!?" She squeaked out, horrified. "Of course not!" Manwë stated firmly, shocked at the thought of it. "This vessel has never harbored a soul before. She was created many an age ago, but we felt the people were not ready for another race. Now she has a purpose." "So I will be a different race?" Her mind was spinning. "So to speak, but it is still your soul inside. That will never change. You will always be Evelyn Kenward. We shall send with you books to help understand everything, but I am afraid your time here is up. If you linger, you will be a permanent fixture here, and never be able to leave." She nodded dumbly, her mind still spinning. Then she realized it was not her mind at all, but the actual world was spinning around her. She tried desperately to hold on to anything that she could, but she found that she grasped pure air. Then it stopped. She felt something hard under her feet, and fell to the ground with a thump. She could hear noises around her, but she was so tired, and so dizzy. She opened her eyes and saw faces above her, but memories of the attack came flooding back. With her heart in her throat and her mind racing, she felt fear grip her once more, then watched the world go black.