the fillet of his station as well as the ring of marriage on his hand. Nearby talking with companions, Eomer stood beaming. He was tall and handsome, dressed in great finery, a ring of marriage on his hand as well. Faramir stood by the table sipping wine as he watched them, the two men who had factored so largely in his mind. They had chosen to do the right thing, giving their fortune and future to the binding of two kingdoms and now the magic hour had arrived at long last. It was late and the party was still going but the moment of truth was at hand, the consummation of the marriage was hard at hand. He watched as Boromir slipped out, walking from the room to retire for the night. Eomer glanced back, watching him go and then he slipped away disappearing himself into the corridors of the house. Faramir sighed and set down his cup slipping out onto the balcony and the fresh night air. He stood a moment staring at the stars and then he continued onward, heading for his chambers to retire. People were dancing and singing, shouts and fireworks punctured the night. It was warm and people were happy celebrating the regal binding of the houses of Gondor and Rohan. The worlds of men were closer than ever and as he climbed the backstairs, he smiled to himself. It would take a consummation now, a joining of two bodies before it was officially a marriage of equals. Boromir and Eomer were retiring for the night and he was too, fading from the festivities for the evening. He entered his chambers pausing as he did, a smile forming on his lips. Boromir smiled back gesturing for him to come and he did, following him to another room. Through joined doors, ever unlocked that they had shared since boys, Faramir slipped into Boromir's rooms, spotting Eomer standing by the fireplace therein. Eomer stood waiting, a smile on his face staring at Faramir as he paused inside. Boromir grinned, glancing at both of them chuckling as he moved to leave the room. "For the good of Gondor?" he whispered to his brother as he passed. Faramir smiled and nodded back. "For the good of us all," he whispered softly the click of the door behind him signalling that they were finally alone. Eomer smiled and moved closer, slipping his arms around Faramir's waist. He leaned down, kissing him softly sighing with pleasure at the softness of Faramir's lips. "For the *pleasure* of Rohan, for the good of Gondor." "A consummation makes it so," Faramir replied. Eomer stepped back watching as Faramir slipped from his garments standing before him naked and unashamed. A big hand gently covered a sore spot on his side and Faramir flinched slightly before relaxing. "Does it still pain you?" he asked frowning. "Only a little," Faramir replied. "I will heal you," Eomer whispered leaning down to kiss his lover on the lips. He pulled Faramir closer caressing his naked body and felt a happiness suffuse him that he hadn't felt before. In minutes they were both naked and lying together for the first time, touching and feeling things that would ever be theirs alone. By the time the morning came the marriage would be consummated and Eomer would have possessed a prince of Gondor. That it wasn't the one he had pledged to was all right between the three of them for the alliances that had been born on the trail would hold. The sun heralded the morning when the Rohirrim left Gondor at last, riding with them the second son of Denethor on a splendid white horse. Standing on the balcony of the King's House, Boromir waved to his brother as he left. When the autumn returned, Faramir would also spending his time between the two capitals. But then he would, this new delegate to Rohan and with a smile, Boromir considered himself a very lucky man. He had the very best of all possible worlds. ***************That morning in another place ... Sam sat in the truck eating his lunch considering the dinner date that he had with Tom that night. 'Dinner at my house', the answering machine said, Tom's cheery voice a balm to his senses. Somehow it would be all right, this new venture he was undertaking. He didn't know how it would turn out for the long term future. But for the here and now, it was what he needed and so he looked forward to being alone with Tom. Tonight, he would step up to the plate and act on his feelings, no longer content to hide behind his fears. Something good had happened and he was going to be happy, finding in his new recognition of himself a place to start. He finished his lunch and turned on the truck, moving slowly from the side road where he had parked for his meal. Standing behind a fence, his bright eyes shining, a great white horse watched him as he drove down the road. Raising his head, a shrill cry piercing the air, the horse turned and began to run alongside him matching him stride for stride in speed. It flew along, its mane and tail flying, a vision of another age manifesting itself beside him. Sam watched the magnificent horse gallop, the vision of freedom and off his back lifted a lot of things he never thought he would lose. Tonight, he would begin living his life and tomorrow he would take whatever might come. As he drove down the road, the horse galloped beside him until he drove away disappearing into the distance from sight and sound. The stallion paused staring after him, his head held high and his pride surpassing. For a moment, it was still and then it turned once again running back across the field, bearing with it the legends of its forefathers in the shining beauty of its flight. FINIS February, 2003