from the same material as her top and fell to mid-calf. Her shoes were moccasins and were decorated by beading and more feathers. "Lady Akeisha (A-kee-sha), princess of Jakarta." Gandalf told them as he saw where they were looking. On the other side of Lady Órlaith sat another. She had long flaming red hair that fell like waves down her back. It was unbound, saving for a few locks that were wound into her tiara, which held a blue-green jewel. Her skin was pale, but not overly so, and she had a dusting a freckles across her face, giving her a youthful look. Her eyes were clear blue, they danced in the light as she talked animately to Órlaith, who amazingly was showing signs of light. She was wearing a short sleeved blue-green dress that was light and flowy, falling only to her knees where it spread out in a wide skirt. Unlike the others she wore no shoes, but went around bare footed. "That is Lady Taliesin, princess of Muireann. Her land borders an inland sea, and her people are famous for their sailing skills and seafood.* At the table to their right sat Kilana, Adraestia, and Aerawyn, their heads bent together in deep discussion. Also at that table, excluding the other dignataries, was another Lady. She had long strawberry blond hair that was halfway pulled back, and entwined about her tiara, which held a green stone. Her skin was fair, but dark enough to suggest that she spent a lot of time outdoors. Her eyes were bright green and lively, though astute. Her clothes were similar to what the royalty of Rohan would wear, a long, dark green dress with draping sleaves and gold emellishments. She most likely wore leather boots, but her feet were hidden by her long dress. She had been sitting, merely watching the rest of the room, but she had been drawn into conversation by the twins, and they were now all four talking quietly amongst themselves. "Lady Róisín, princess of Rhydderch. It is a land very similar to Rohan, they also are famed for their horses." Lady Cerridwyn sat at the table across from them on one side of an empty chair, another lady sat on the other side. "That is Lady Nerys, princess of Glyndwr. The entire province is made up of river valleys, with towering waterfalls and cities built over the water. She had dark chestnut hair, styled much like the elleths of Rivendell, with part of it pulled away from her face and twisted into braids, while the rest hung loose down her back. Her tiara ended with a light blue gemstone that rested in the middle of her pale brow, above her blue eyes. Her long robes were rich in color, dark hues of blue, green and brown, the colors of a river. The material appeared heavy, but was of unmatched quality. Thorongil's observations were cut short as the room suddenly fell silent. Lady Cerridyn had stood once more. "Lady Rhiannon, defender of the Tenth City!" The nine seated princesses rose to their feet, their right hands over their hearts and heads bowed. Then she entered the hall. Thorongil could not help but stare. As Arwen Undomiel was said to be Luthien Tinuviel reborn, surely this were Elbereth herself! Her skin was as pale as Lady Eirlys', and her long, wavy hair was midnight black. She appeared absolutely flawless, words could not do her justice. Her grey eyes were lively and ageless. The mithril crown upon her head shown as a star within her dark tresses. As the Lady Galadriel shown with the golden light of the sun, the Faerie queen shown with the brilliance of the stars. She wore a shimmering gown of deep violet that faded to a lighter purple as it descended to the floor and trailed behind her. She wore no jewels, but she did not need them, she was radiant without any. "Be seated." Her voice was soft and deep, a melodious sound that Thorongil had never heard before, and doubted he would ever hear again. And with that the food was served and they spent the rest of the evening eating and drinking till they could touch no more before retiring to their chambers to sleep and prepare for the next day's council. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Author's Note: Well, I hope you enjoyed it. Please review and tell me what you thought! I'm not sure when the next update will be out, as I'm now working on three stories, so I tried to make this one long. It was about 15 pages when I uploaded it, and now it's even longer! *A palfrey was traditionally a lady's mount back when women weren't allowed to ride stallions and spirited horses, its pretty much an everyday riding horse that is reliable and calm. **Not real feathers! Think of a Clydesdale or Friesian, the big workhorses, all that hair around their feet is referred to as feathers *** Welsh name. It means snowflake, I thought it appropriate. Gaenor is also Welsh it means white. * Irish name. It means gold-princess **Think Arabian horse ***Welsh name, means fair-poetess *Irish name that means sea-fair Translations: Tiro = Look Ú-chenion = I don't understand. Man pennich = What did you say?