nodded to his brother as he and the elf lord took places of honor too. Breakfast progressed, conversation flowed and when it was concluded Faramir stood. "Lord Glorfindel has to return to Rivendell this day." Everyone looked at Faramir expressions of sincere disappointment and nervous anticipation lining the table all around. Denethor's glass paused on its journey to his mouth and he glanced at Glorfindel who sat completely composed in his seat next to Faramir. "I am honored to have helped host your visit, my Lord, and I hope you return again," he said with conviction. "I am honored to have a chance to visit the city again after all these long years," Glorfindel said, "and it will be my greater honor to return." Glorfindel rose and turned to Denethor who sat staring with something akin to dread. "Your son is my good friend. It has been my personal pleasure to visit him in his city and his home. I will convey the hospitality of Gondor to my Lord, Elrond. I extend the courtesy of our hospitality to Gondor and your family. I would consider it a personal honor to be able to see members of this great house visit our valley more often. The long ties between our people are legendary and should be upheld and treasured now as they were then." Denethor sat silently, the muscles of his jaw working. Then he set his cup down and stood, malevolency in every movement of his body. "Thank you, Lord Glorfindel. I shall consider this and hope at some point in time I can avail myself of the famed hospitality of Lord Elrond. Please convey my personal regards to his person." Glorfindel nodded, watching as Denethor turned and without another word left the room. Faramir let out the breath he had been holding and noticed that his brother did also. Turning to Glorfindel, he sighed. "You will be going now?" he asked sadly. Glorfindel nodded, his own expression equally sad. "If you will do me the honor." "I will," he said turning and following Glorfindel as he walked up the table to Boromir. Extending his hand, he gripped Boromir's arm in a warrior's grasp. "Thank you for coming," Boromir said nodding. "I am honored to meet you." "And I, you," Glorfindel said. "I am glad that Faramir has such a brother as you." Boromir flushed slightly, nodding. "It is I who am the lucky one." Faramir smiled at his brother, a look of naked admiration on his face and then he turned and followed Glorfindel to the door and beyond, into the courtyard where his horse waited saddled. Pausing by his steed, he turned and sighed smiling sadly at his lover. "I will miss you, Faramir." "There are always dreams," Faramir replied. "When you are far enough away check your bags. I put the books into them." "They will never see the light of day," he replied. Then he leaned in and they kissed, a soft sweet kiss. Leaning his forehead against Faramir's, they stood together for a moment. Then with a sigh and a smile, he turned and mounted up taking a handful of his horse's mane. "I will write to you." "And I, you," Faramir said, smiling. "Or better yet," Glorfindel said smiling. "I will see you in my dreams." Faramir chuckled and watched as the horse turned, beginning the long trek to the main gate below and the crosscountry trip to Elvish lands in the west. Faramir stood at the ramparts watching as Glorfindel wend his way downward until he was gone from sight on the vast plain before the city. He stood there a long time after, his mind filled with memories and worries about the days to come. =0= "You are back." "Yes." "And your trip? Was it profitable?" "Yes." "Minas Tirith, is it what you remembered?" "Yes." Erestor paused staring at his foil, considering the disquiet that seemed to enrapt him. "You appear to be distressed." "Really?" "Yes." "You may talk to me about what ails you, Glorfindel. I can listen well." "Yes." He paused. "Is that 'yes, I will talk to you' or 'yes, you are a good listener'," he asked. "Yes." Erestor moved to sit on the bench beside his friend placing his hand on Glorfindel's arm. "You do this to yourself and you wonder why it hurts." Glorfindel continued to look at the toe of his boot. "I am sorry." Glorfindel looked at Erestor and shook his head. "How do they do it? How do they live such pain-filled lives? How can they not understand that all that matters is the people you love and have in your life?" Erestor shook his head. "They are human," he said softly. "You are not." "It should not matter," Glorfindel said sighing softly. "I love someone who does not have the love of his father. How can you not love your son?" Erestor shook his head again. "I do not pretend to understand the foibles of men. I am sorry for your pain." Glorfindel sighed and nodded. "So am I." Erestor rose and turned to Glorfindel. "Come. I will fix you tea." Glorfindel grinned in spite of himself. "You always think tea fixes everything." "It usually does," he said pulling Glorfindel to his feet. "Come. Tell me about perfect buttocks and the foibles and follies of men. I shall tell you of inventories and menus and you will feel better." "Do you think so?" Glorfindel said chuckling for a moment as he turned and followed his friend. "Works for me," Erestor said smiling. Glorfindel smiled. "Ah, you give me a glimpse behind your armor plating." "For this one time only," Erestor replied opening the door for the two of them. "Oh please," Glorfindel said pausing and sweeping his hand before him. "Ladies first." Erestor, a prim look of brittle triumph on his exotic face nodded. "Pearls before swine," he said. Glorfindel's laughter could be heard all over the house. Ghost Dance finis 11/12/07 ©