my kin, my people, and myself. If I bore the ring to Mordor would I survive? Would I be able to withstand the power of The Ring? My final thought was Am I truly considering taking the ring? It was not an unreasonable thought to have at that moment. It was a truly dangerous mission to consider and I did not know if I was strong enough. The man from Gondor broke the silence, so upset that his voice was shaking. "One does not simply walk into Mordor." He glared up at Elrond, "Its black gates are guarded by more than just orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep, the Great Eye is ever watchful. Tis a barren wasteland riddled with fire and ash and dust. The very air you breathe is a poisonous fume. Not with 10,000 men could you do this… it is folly." I raised my hand and spoke to this, "10,000 men would give Mordor too much of a warning. Gathering that many men from around Middle Earth would draw too much attention" I paused and took a long breath "The quest to save Middle Earth needs to be a silent one. A small one. A quest of a single man or of few. Silent and swift." Boromir glared at me and hissed, "A woman should not know of such things, much less be allowed in this council to discuss it." I refrained from response as I knew such thoughts to come from men. I merely stared calmly back at him as he continued to speak to the rest of the council. "Bring the ring to Gondor, there we can keep it safe." Legolas rose from his seat again, raising his voice louder this time he hissed "Have you heard nothing Lord Elrond has just said?! The Ring must be destroyed!" The dwarf , Gimli, replied heatedly, "And I suppose you believe you're the one to do it!" "And if we fail what then?! What happens when Sauron takes back what is his?!" Boromir asked Legolas, rising to his feet as well. Gimli interjected with, "I would die before I saw The Ring in the hands of an elf!" I stood to this, but said nothing… the statement was completely unnecessary and caused more harm than good to this council. I immediately sat down for everyone else had risen to argue their points. Everyone wanted to be heard whether it be about The Ring, or on dwarvish and elvish relations. As everyone yelled at each other I stared at the ring… resting my arms on the rests and calming my body. I tried to probe it with my mind. If The Ring was a being I would be able to touch it and speak with it. But its power was too dark. Too ominous. If I touched it with my mind there would be no guarantees of coming out of it the same person and I did not want to risk that. My concentration was broken by Frodo, the small Hobbit, his voice a shrill and desperate tone. "I WILL TAKE IT!" Everyone started to quiet down and looked over at him. "I will take The Ring to Mordor. Though, I do not know the way." "I will help you bear this burden, Frodo Baggins, as long as it is yours to bear." Gandalf said, protectively patting the hobbit on the shoulder. Aragorn rose and stood before Frodo saying, "By my life or death, I can protect you, I will… you have my sword" I knew at that moment, in every fiber of my being that I needed to help this hobbit achieve this goal. I rose and knelt before the hobbit gazing into his eyes. I said, "I will do everything in my power to use my gift to assist you on your journey, little one." He nodded and smiled at me, I stood behind him and looked at my father with a straight face. He was clearly unhappy with this decision, as I'm sure he has been with most others I have made. Legolas stood beside me and offered his skill with the bow as Gimli did with his axe. The Gondor man appeared last. "You carry the face of us all, little one. If this is indeed the will of the council, then Gondor will see it done." "HERE!" Startled, I turned around to see another, much rounder, little person, running out of the bushes. He stopped next to Frodo with his arms crossed and said, "Mr. Frodo's not goin' anywhere without me." "No, indeed, as it is hardly possible to separate you even when he is invited to a secret council and you are not." My father responded playfully. A slight smile pulling at his lips reminded me of days when I was much younger. Another two hobbits appeared from behind two columns bring a shock to my father's face I had never seen before. A kind of dissatisfaction at being taken by surprise, which brought me great amusement. "HEY! We're coming too!" one of them said rushing to meet Frodo and the other Hobbit. "Anyway, you need people of intelligence, on this sort of mission… quest… thing!" the fourth hobbit said matter-of-factly. I tilted my head to the side and shared a quick smile with Legolas over the scene before us. "Well, that rules you out, Pip." Muttered the other. My father shook his head and took in the sight of us all. "Ten companions…. So be it… you shall be the Fellowship of the Ring." I stood a little taller. Realizing my father has accepted that I am going. And I am doing it with some kind of permission instead of leaving unnoticed in the middle of the night. I took in a deep breath and let it out. I felt as if I was doing something more fulfilling already. And our journey had yet to begin. "Great!" said one of the Halflings excitedly… "Where are we going?!"