her composure and not slap him in the face. Remembering where they were, she quickly broke eye contact with him, while bowing her head and murmuring, "Thank you, my lord." Her father sensed the tension that had suddenly appeared and quickly suggested that they sit down. The meal passed without much event. While her father and brothers engaged King Elessar and Éomer in a great deal of conversation, Lothíriel remained rather quiet herself. A few times, King Elessar talked directly to her and she would talk with him enthusiastically, but Éomer said nary a word to her until they left. For her part, this gave her some degree of satisfaction, knowing that he at least regretted his actions last night. During the meal, she had looked over at her several times, and had noticed that he still seemed to have a bit of a hangover. " Serves him right ," she thought, allowing herself the smallest of smiles. Amrothos must have seen this smile, because he somehow got it in his head that she was sweet on Éomer and would not cease in teasing her about it. A few evenings later, there was again entertainment, but no dancers this time. Imrahil had invited Éomer, who accepted. When he joined them, Amrothos whispered to her, "Ah, there is your sweetheart." Lothíriel simply responded to the comment by stomping on his foot. "I swear, Amrothos; how many times must I tell you that I am not in love with Éomer King?" she hissed. "Apparently you must do so at least once more. Now, do not be rude and go greet our guest," he replied, giving her a bit of a shove so that she stumbled over to Éomer. "Good evening, You Majesty," she greeted, "It is an honor to have you join us tonight. I trust that you are well?" "Aye, thank you," he nodded. An awkward silence followed and Lothíriel could not help but feel slightly pleased that she could still make him feel so uncomfortable. In truth, she felt that he deserved it; after all he had made a complete fool of himself. She gazed at him while wondering how long it would take for him to actually apologize to her, and enjoying watching him squirm under her scrutiny. "Please, have a seat," she told him, breaking the silence. "The entertainment will start shortly and my father is on his way." She walked over to where Erchirion was sitting with some of his friends and chose to sit by them. A few hours later, Lothíriel found that she was starting to grow tired and stifled a yawn. She had spent the better part of the evening paying absolutely no attention to Éomer; talking at length with Erchirion and his friends, laughing whenever a joke was made and enjoying herself immensely. She felt Éomer's gaze on her numerous times but only looked over at him once. Standing up, she excused herself and went over to her father to wish him a good night. "I am going to retire, Ada," she said, bending over to kiss him on the cheek. "Good night." "Good night, 'iell," he replied. "My lord," she said to Éomer, nodding her head as she passed him. As she walked to her tent, Éomer called after her, "Princess, might I have word with you?" "Of course," she replied, turning to face him. "What is it, my lord?" He shifted uncomfortably and cleared his throat. "As you no doubt remember," he began, "we...er...met before we had a chance to be formally introduced." "Yes, I do believe that I remember that particular event," she answered, keeping her expression calm and composed although she felt the exact opposite on the inside. "It is no excuse, but I had had a significant amount of drink, and greatly regret my actions that evening. I humbly seek your forgiveness, your Highness." She had every intention of forgiving him. But, before she did, she had a question. "First, I have a question for you, my lord. Did you seek my company because of what you thought I was, or because I was dancing the way that I was?" "You wish for the truth?" he asked, and she nodded. "I cannot say that I was thinking very clearly at the time, so I cannot explain the reasoning behind my actions. Can you still forgive me?" "Of course I can, your Majesty. It would not be fair to not forgive someone for what they did while under the influence of a few drinks." She paused for a moment, trying to phrase what she wanted to say correctly. "I can only say that the both of us are no doubt grateful that it stopped before things progressed any further. On that note, I wish to apologize for...the force that I used." "No apology is necessary," Éomer assured her. "Well then, I suppose that I should retire for the evening. Good night, my lord," Lothíriel said, curtsying. "Wait," Éomer told her, holding up a hand. She paused, looking back up at him. "I think that we are beyond formalities at this point and I would prefer that you call me Éomer." "Only if you will call me by my own name," she answered with a smile. "It would be an honor, Lothíriel," he responded, inclining his head ever so slightly. A/N: In case you couldn't tell, I had Lothiriel bellydancing. Bellydancing is actually one of the oldest forms of dance in the world, so it's highly likely that it could have existed in Middle Earth, even though Tolkien never mentioned anything about it. A lot of people think that bellydance is limited to the Middle East, but it's not. It is also very common in Asia, Africa, Turkey, and Greece. It is my opinion that such a form of dance could have been known of not only in the Harad and such, but also the more southern regions of Gondor. Please let me know what you thought of my fic!