off. It did leave me with a trail of fresh blood though, and I followed where it led until one step more had me caught in trap and suspended from a tree in a net. What's worse, the last jolt made me drop my knife and I was in too awkward a position to reach for an arrow. I was stuck, waiting on the fools who had planned all of this and the more I waited, the more my anger boiled. That's when two young riders trotted on over through the trees, confused at first and then amused, as much as Gora was just by imagining me in that scenario, only worse since they were witnesses. The laughter didn't ease my rage any and I did nor said nothing, until the tallest of the two cut the rope that assured my freedom to march on over to where he was standing and punch him so hard his head whipped back between his shoulder blades. The blow proved beneficial, in my case anyway, because immediately after it, I began to calm down and asked some questions like who they were and why they were on my land and what reason they had for the accursed net. Turns out, the one still saddled on his horse was Prince Theodred son of Theoden, and the man I punched, his cousin Lord Eomer who was cradling his face and described me to be more vicious than any orc, who was the true intender for the trap and not myself, or any of the game which filled Clyro's forests. We didn't part on good terms and the sole person I ever told that story to was Kya late one night, when she caught me drunk, making her swear not to repeat what I told her to another living soul. Again, Traitor. "Can we get back on subject?" it wasn't a question and Gora realised that. Sooner or later, I was no fun to tease. "Gandalf can't have known I relinquished my title to you," she murmured bathed in the fires glow as darkness crept in. "You didn't have a choice on the matter." She smiled. For the Shieldmaidens of Clyro, they had one leader and that honour was always given to the most skilful warrior among their ranks, whoever she may be, until the day comes that they are challenged and beaten, passing along the duty in defeat. I became a Shieldmaiden, one goal out of two, and the other was fulfilled the moment I tactfully knocked Gora to the ground, at her prime, and held my blade to her throat. If I were her enemy, she would have been dead, and so I proved stronger and became not only her successor, but the greatest Shieldmaiden in all of Clyro's history, for I haven't lost a challenge yet. "So what are we going to do?" I asked. I might have bested Gora, but I couldn't let her go just yet. I valued her advice and experience, to guide me, and with her near, I wasn't afraid to carry the fate of the Shieldmaidens, because unlike the others, she knew what it meant to lead and every now again, you needed the support. Her eyes were getting heavy, she needed to rest. "The decision is yours now my dear." Kneeling down, I clasped her cold hands in mine and kept her with me a little longer. "I believe Rohan needs to be represented at this meeting. If for curiosity sake; I will go and see what they have to say." She seemed pleased. "I suggest you take some company with you, the rest will." I shrugged and two names came to mind immediately, "That's fine by me, Kya and Erin will do." Her eyes were closed now and her head rolled on top her shoulders, except she still had the energy to protest, "No! not Kya, take someone else." I didn't speak abruptly with her, but I was confused, "Why do you say that?" She snatched her hand from mine and waved me off, "Ask her yourself, but I suggest you take Merith." "Merith," her name left me with a foul taste in my mouth. "I know you two have never gotten along. Even as children you were so competitive. But if there's to be a discussion, your view and Merith's are bound to differ and as a leader, you need to evaluate both. You can't say she's never been honest with you." Of course Gora was right. What is strange between me and Merith is that we have always hated each other. She more than I, when I became the leader. But we respected one another and that could never be questioned. I would just have to persevere with her, but I make no promises that we won't end up fighting. It was just inevitable. "I'll leave tomorrow." I got up onto my feet and made my exit towards the tall doors, hearing the call of my bed now my stomach was full. However, Gora must have been reading my mind or sensed my longing, with need to end it. "Rivendell is far Sonya. You must start your journey tonight." I chuckled at my luck. A leader knows no rest. Perhaps that's why Gora does sleep so much. She is catching up on all the nights she missed when she was leader. I can't say I blame her for that reason, and stopped myself from complaining. I asked for this when I challenged her, now I had to endure it just as all my predecessors had. Rubbing my face to rid my exhaustion, I looked to the back of her chair where only her golden head peaked from the top. "Then I leave things here in your capable hands, until I return." I trusted no one else and was barely out of earshot when I heard her whisper, "And return you shall." Please if you have a moment, I would love to hear some feedback...