Legolas ran through forest, skillfully avoiding every tree and occasionally glancing behind just to check if Arwen was still following him. She ran with all her might to catch up with him but since she was in a long dress that fell all the way to the floor she couldn't run freely and as fast. There were a few times that she almost accidentally tripped and fell but she managed to balance back somehow and continue running. If this was some kind of test Legolas was putting her than she'd ensure to pass it. After a while the thick forest started to get sparser and the air was fresher than before. They kept running until there was no forest anymore, they came to a grassy clearing that looked like a tiny spot somewhere in the big wood that surrounded them. There were many kinds of flowers; each special in its own way with its own scent, the whole meadow smelled and looked divine. "We are here! Do you like it?" Legolas turned to Arwen with a smile plastered on his face. Arwen closed her eyes, inhaling every scent from the meadow, this reminded her of Lórien meadows, and they were also full of flowers. Her grandmother's land was beautiful, it was a woodland realm such as Mirkwood but they were completely different. "It is nice, I love it!" She responded smiling back to him. "I am glad; I thought you may like it." "I truly do…" Arwen looked around again, this was a really nice place, peaceful yet very much alive, she wondered why Legolas truly brought her there. "Why are we here though? Do you have something planned out to do?" "Yes, we practice archery here so I thought we could do it for awhile, if you agree of course." Legolas was saying this while walking farther down the clearing, careful not to step on too many flowers, which was pointless because even if he did, his steps were so light that he couldn't harm any flower that much. "Archery?" Arwen frowned and quickly followed Legolas. "I am not allowed to practice archery, my Ada says I'm still too young to learn battle skills and that first I should learn how to act as a real lady, skills will come in time." She stopped for a moment rethinking, this was her new friend and there will be no real friendship between them if she wasn't honest. "But actually, I would like to fight, I don't find myself too young and every boy of my age can do it." "Well, your Ada is not right here at the moment and I say you can practice just as everyone else, you can think of it as a little introduction with our land, Mirkwood's archers are really skillful!" Arwen clearly heard Legolas's enthusiastic voice, she always wanted to hold a bow and shoot like her brothers did, to at least try to practice archery; but her Ada declined every time, her Naneth would maybe even allow it but she couldn't go against Ada's word. She was doomed to wait until she was ready in her father's eyes but now she had a chance and she doubted anyone would ever find out or judge her for it. "Well… Alright then! Though I never held a bow or shoot before, I just watched my brothers do it. I do not know anything of this matter…" Arwen's face saddened as she spoke these last words and Legolas didn't fail to notice it. "That is not a problem at all! If you never did archery before then it is most certainly time for you to learn it! And I am right here ready to help you! So, what do you say? Will you at least try?" He saw how she brightened up immediately and a grin spread across her face, "I most certainly will!" eyes sparkling like diamonds she turned her head to the shooting targets she failed to notice before and promptly headed to them, they were just a little advance. Legolas smiled also and came after her; this would surely be a delightful way to spend time in the company of his new friend. They spent the rest of the day practicing archery, Legolas taught Arwen as much as he could for he was only a beginner too, but nevertheless he was great. She was improving with every arrow she shot and she just loved it. Legolas talked about Mirkwood and all the things they could do there, about he and his friend's mischief and she listened because it all reminded her of her brothers. She wished she could do all that, but she didn't have anyone to do it with, she doubted any of her friends would ever wish to do such thing as play a prank on someone, they were all ladies and boys didn't want to be around some girl. That is why she envied her brothers sometimes very much. Still, she didn't know Legolas felt quite the similar way. The sun was slowly setting on the horizon and a light wind started to blow when they finally decided to leave. It was a good day and they had loads of fun but now it was time to go back, their Adas would surely be looking for them by now. That day a friendship was made, a friendship that would last. Not the type that you forget the next day. A bond of love and trust tied them. Even the Valar had to turn their heads and look at the destiny these two young elflings had, yet the smallest things can change the course of history; and that day while the sun was setting it did . Ada- dad Naneth- mother Elleth- girl Well if you've come this far, at least let me know what you think! Please review! The next chapter is happening just some time before the Fellowship started and I'll try to update as soon as I can.