she tried to leave him behind. So, she headed for her apartment. "I probably shouldn't be doing this, you know." Kristy muttered to him, punching the button for the twenty-fifth floor. It was the second to the top. "You could be…" She sighed, trailing off. Why bother? He didn't understand. He could be a stalker, a professional who did this for a living. He could get unsuspecting women into accidents to get their address, case the place. He could rob them blind, or worse. Who knew? As the elevator jolted into the climb and rose slowly, the man grabbed the wall in surprise, eyes wide. She ignored it, wondering why didn't she listen to herself? Why didn't she leave this strange man on a street corner? Or better yet, dump him on the police station's doorstep, a homeless shelter? But she didn't. She just stood against the wall, feeling her fingers clasped in the man's hand slowly warm. Kristy took the time to look at him, really look at him. His skin was flawless and white. Dark, angular brows framed his eyes and he was tall, tall and lean. He was hunched and shivering though, using the wall like a lifeline. He could barely stay upright. There was something pitiable in the way his eyes flinched at the movement of the elevator, the dim light. Even his clothes were…strange. Leather boots reached his knees and a belt buckled around his waist and shoulder. Perfect green thread stitched the forest green of his tunic. He had her coat around his arms, and he stood rigid, legs apart. How were they moving? He didn't have time to reason it out. The doors slid open and the woman tugged him out into the hall. A door she stopped at had numbers…number 99. He watched her dig in her pockets, fingers shaking. He felt her tug on the hand that he wouldn't let go, but an instinct buried deep wouldn't let him release her. She wanted to help him. He needed that help. "Here we are." She said as she closed the door behind him, and only when he realized these were her living quarters, did he reluctantly let her fingers pull out of his. His eyes were fuzzy and his knees were shuddering in exhaustion. He was coughing a dry, painful cough. But he found a deep leather couch along the opposite wall. There were heavy drapes across the windows, blocking out most of the clouded light. It didn't matter. He was inside, warming a little, and for some reason, it felt like his body was shutting down. He didn't stop before, because he couldn't stop. If he stopped it would be the end. Now…he could. Kristy plugged her phone in on the kitchen countertop, before calling. "Do you at least have a number I can call?" She strode out again, thinking of a way to motion 'phone number' with her hands…before freezing. Suddenly, all the strength went out of her and she felt like falling to her knees. "Oh, no..." He didn't just do that. No. Things like this just didn't happen! Kris stared, absolutely stunned: in the semi-dark, there was a rapidly-becoming-familiar body on her couch. The man was face down in the pillows, absolutely still, collapsed. "…seriously?" she breathed, running a hand through her wet hair. His boots were only half on, like he hadn't even made it to the sofa before passing out. One hand was thrown over the cushions and the other behind his neck, cradling his own head. She exhaled slowly, looking at him, before tentatively walking closer. Kristy touched his face first…stony cold, yet flushed hot. Fever. Her fingers traced his hand, fiddled with his sleeve, thinking hard. Then, she poked him in the arm. "Are you faking?" Kristy whispered, hoping he would answer if he was. Why me? And what exactly was she supposed to do with him? "What am I going to do with you…?" she sighed, dropping her hands in her lap. And then, she blinked. His hand, curled in a loose fist on the carpet had something written across his fingers. Kristy carefully picked it up, unfolding his hand. In smudged, black ink a word was scrawled across his palm. Le… she focused, tilting his hand into the light. Legolas. She squinted, thinking a moment, before sitting back on her heels. What in Helsinki was a Legolas? And then, she realized more of the black ink ran up his arm. The woman pushed his sleeve up, barely registering the rapid pounding of her heartbeat. But she couldn't read it. It was scrawled in a strange, swirling script. And it was smudged in the rain, obviously not English… Suddenly, she blinked and snapped her head up. The man, whoever he was, was shivering so violently Kris could see it. The moisture on his face was no longer rain, but a cold sweat. He was convulsing, clinging to the cool leather cushion. Coughing. He couldn't breathe. Doctor Reiner… He lived two floors down! He could help her. Maybe he could tell her where this man came from, or what a 'Legolas' is. Maybe he would know what to do… God, maybe he could help. 0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~0~ Translations: Kwentra amin mani yamen' sina… Tell me what place this is. A/N: So… Love? Loathe? I know Middle-Earth collides with Earth isn't really an unsung saga, but I guess we all have a little 'too bad fantasy and the real world don't mix' in us, right? I wrote this recovering from the nasty clutches of a head cold, and it's a story I've wanted to write for a long time. So I'm going to write! I hope you like reading. The language gap here is because in Legolas's time, ours has not been invented. He can speak Elvish (Sindarin or Quenya) and Westron, but English is new to him. So hit the review button and tell me what you think so far! I'd love to hear it. :))