marched with the bowmen of Osgiliath. They were going to the west, to the mountains where they might hide and rest and regroup with who knew who else. There was no hope in the low lands of the east and the south and so they pressed forward, climbing slowly upward. The marshes had been avoided and they had gone the long way, but they were closing the gap between Frodo and Sam. In two days they would hear Sam's voice coaxing Frodo and Gimli would run as fast as he could to catch up to them. He would stand and stare in amazement as Frodo lay on the ground in pain, with Sam standing over him, Sting in hand. The reunion would be brief, the pleasure and joy momentary but the resolve of that moment would carry them through. In a week, they would be in the mountains, moving along trails only dwarves knew as they hurried toward a secret place only Gimli could find. It would be three weeks before they would learn of Aragorn and Legolas and when they did, the three would set out once more. ***************In a cave, late one night ... Faramir sat quietly, his back to the cave wall. They had been out all day harrying the enemy. Now they were going again, down to Isengard, expecting to find anything possible there. Eomer and Legolas had returned from their hunting and brought a black bag captured in the fighting. Aragorn had studied it, the dispatches and the letters and was stunned to learn that Sauron was so confident. He was in no hurry to consolidate his power, merely dispatching messages to his field captains to would have to be bred, Uruks made from the earth, positions consolidated and inventoried and plans laid in. For now, he would be 'on tour', taking in the sights of his new holdings and then they would put together the iron fist to end opposition. That final push could wait, Aragorn read and as he did so, a bit of his burden lifted. He had talked to Faramir, Legolas and Eomer, discussing what to do as they ate their simple dinner. Then the two had left, leaving him alone with Faramir in the simple curtained alcove that was his private chambers. "This could be a feint," Faramir said, studying his lover for a moment. "Maybe," Aragorn replied, glancing up to warm eyes. "I think its likely true because who is left to be his opposition? It could be that he's waiting to see if the Valar do anything about this. It could be that he's still overcome by the fact that he has a body and he's gloating about the kingdoms that are his to rule." Faramir nodded, sighing sadly. "Gondor included." Aragorn reached out and squeezed Faramir's hand. "Temporary." Faramir smiled in spite of himself and leaned toward Aragorn, kissing him softly. A strong hand slid up his neck, entwining through soft hair as Aragorn deepened the kiss, savoring Faramir's lips. "Do not despair. I need your courage." Faramir nodded, kissing him softly. "I need your love," he whispered for the first time and Aragorn stared at him, his eyes dark with emotion. "You have it, Faramir," he whispered softly, kissing him again and again. "Do not doubt it." "I won't," Faramir replied, squeezing Aragorn's wrist as he sighed deeply. "No matter what happens, if I should perish, I want you to know that I love you. You are my brother, my king ... my lover ..." He paused and swallowed. "You kept me going after Boromir ..." He stopped and leaned against Aragorn's forehead, sadness pulsing through him and then he sat up, taking Aragorn's hand. He kissed it softly and smiled slightly. "Not much courage, I'm afraid." "More than enough," Aragorn replied, leaning over and kissing Faramir softly. "There will be another day. There has to be." Faramir nodded, though he didn't feel it. "I will do what you ask me, my lord," he whispered and watched as Aragorn folded the papers and put them into the bag. "I have to talk to someone about leaving for Isengard. Wait here for me." Faramir nodded and watched as Aragorn left, walking as silently as a cat. They were inseparable now, working side-by-side, Steward and King, friends and lovers. Tomorrow, they would go to Isengard and see what was happening in the tower of Saruman. Tonight, they would lie together, holding each other and for a while the cares and burdens of the world would be gone. ***************In the Havens ... Cirdan stepped from the ship, the steady drizzle falling in the mournful night adding insult upon misery to the multitudes beyond. In a small shelter on the shore, he could see a light burning and so he walked toward it, entering and noting Elrond's presence. The dark-haired Elf looked up, smiling slightly, his weariness like a cloak that he wore on his back. "Welcome, my friend," he said, nodding. Cirdan sat and nodded back. "Mae govannan, my friend," he replied, his voice equally tired. "I bring word from Elfhome that your presence is urgently required." "I cannot go-" Elrond began, halting as Cirdan's hand went up. "I bring you urgent word of your need to be there. There is a desire to utilize your great facility with words to persuade the Valar to intervene in this atrocity. You are requested to come, to meet with the others and to do the bidding of the king once more." "King?" Elrond said, confused for a moment as he considered that word. Cirdan nodded, watching Elrond closely. "Gil-galad needs you once more." Elrond stared at Cirdan and nodded, rising numbly. "When? Now?" "I have come to get you." "Then I must go," Elrond said, his heart pounding wildly. Gathering his cloak, his mind in disarray, Elrond of Imladris followed Cirdan out and in the downpour and the darkness, boarded a white ship, bound for Aman and his long-lost king. =0=