was both. Thus did Fineen become one with those of the Noldor who remained in the southernmost part Middle Earth. There she finally found a purpose in life, with a people who accepted her for who and what she was, loving and respecting her all the more for it. There did she also find the love and respect of a male with whom she came to join in body, mind and soul. These things, which she had once feared never to know, she found in the loving heart and comforting arms of Aricin. And, when the day came that they too were called by the sea to travel to the west, for the call did indeed one day come upon them, it was their own children who gladly took upon themselves the mantles newly given up by their parents. Thus, does my tale come to an end. It can be best summed up by abridging Bilbo's own words to Gandalf in Hobbiton as he left for Rivendell, at the end of his one-hundred-and-eleventh birthday party – "And they lived happily ever after, to the end of all time..." FINIS AUTHOR'S NOTE - the copyright of this story and those characters and places not already previously the property of the Tolkien Estate remain with the author. - Glossary - Aricin – 'the eternal king's son' (Norwegian). A Prince of the Noldor and Enchui (Sixth) Eänyello . Guardian of the combined Air and Fire. His kin island is Etil , island of ivy. Caenen – ' Cae' earth, ' nen' water (S). A Prince of the Noldor and Tadui (Second) Eänyello . Guardian of the combined Water and Earth. His kin island is Helilokë , island of wisteria. Cervesa – 'golden hops' (Spanish). ' Canthui' (Fourth) island of the male Air/Water Guardian, Sulfalassë. Ciranin – mother of Fineen, wife of Jared. A Princess of the Noldor. Heir to the Lefnui (Fifth) Eänyelli stone and Guardian of Air. Died giving birth to Fineen. Darias – maid within Jared's household. Dolenimtâdnîn – ' dolen' hidden, ' im' between, ' tâd' two, ' nîn' waters (lit- " land hidden between two waters "). Located in southern Gondor, on the shores of The Bay of Belfalas on the south-easternmost tip of Andrast (Ras Morthil). Eänyelli - 'Nature voices/singers' (' Ea' nature, ' Nyello' singer (S)), Eänyello (singular). Ëarwen – 'sea maiden' (S). A Princess of the Noldor and Nelui (Third) Eänyello . Guardian of Water. Her kin island is Losillë , island of roses. Etana – 'dedicated, strength' (Hebrew). Jared's mistress and silent business partner. Etil – 'ivy' (S). ' Enchui' (Sixth) island of the male Air/Fire Guardian, Aricin. Fëa-hatiel – ' fëa' 'spirit', ' hatiel' 'break asunder, destroy' (lit. – 'sundering of the spirit'). This is when the spirit of one of the Eldar willfully destroy by their own means. In this, their essence is scattered to the four winds and never can they be reborn again. It is usually only done as a sacrifice when they do not wish to ever take up a physical body again. Fineen – ' fair offspring' (Celtic/Gaelic). Daughter of Ciranin, a princess of the Noldor, and heir to the Lefnui (Fifth) Eänyelli stone and Guardian of Air. Her kin island is Glihé , island of honeysuckle. Glihé – 'honeysuckle' (S). ' Lefnui' (Fifth) island of the female Air Guardian, Fineen. Glossromë –'clematis' (S). ' Minui' (First) island of the female Earth Guardian, Laurëanna. Guardian Titles of the Eänyelli – Minui -'First'. Female Earth Guardian Laurëanna of the island of Glossromë (S) (clematis). Tadui – 'Second'. Male Earth/Water Guardian Caenen of the island of Helilokte (S) (wisteria). Nelui – 'Third'. Female Water Guardian Ëarwen of the island of Losillë (S) (roses). Canthui – 'Fourth'. Male Air/Water Guardian Sulfalassë of the island of Cervesa (Sp) (golden hops). Lefnui – 'Fifth'. Female Air Guardian Fineen of the island of Glihé (S) (honeysuckle). Enchui – 'Sixth'. Male Air/Fire Guardian Aricin of the island of Etil (S) (ivy). Odothui – 'Seventh'. Female Fire Guardian Nardila of the island of Melui Orivaine (S) (sweet pea). Helga - Fineen's stepmother. Second wife of Jared. Helilokte - 'wisteria' (S). ' Tadui' (Second) island of the male Earth/Water Guardian, Caenen. Islands of Dolenimtâdnîn – First ' Minui' , island of Glossromë (S) (clematis). Female Earth Guardian is Laurëanna. Second ' Tadui' , island of Helilokte (S) (wisteria). Male Earth/Water Guardian is Caenen. Third ' Nelui' , island of Losillë (S) (roses). Female Water Guardian is Ëarwen. Fourth ' Canthui' , island of Cervesa (Spanish) (golden hops). Male Air/Water Guardian is Sulfalassë. Fifth ' Lefnui' , island of Glihé (S) (honeysuckle). Female Air Guardian is Fineen. Sixth ' Enchui' , island of Etil (S) (ivy). Male Air/Fire Guardian is Aricin. Seventh ' Odothui' – island of Melui Orivaine (S) (sweet pea). Female Fire Guardian is Nardila. Jared – Edain merchant of Kylemore. Husband of Ciranin. Father of Fineen. Kylemore – ' Great Wood ' (Celtic). Home town of Jared and Fineen. Located in southern Gondor, near the shores of The Bay of Belfalas on the south-easternmost tip of Andrast (Ras Morthil). Laurëanna - 'golden gift' (S). A Princess of the Noldor and Minui (First) Eänyello . Guardian of Earth. Also known as 'The Ancient" because she came from Valinor. Her kin island is Glossromë (white horn) , island of white clematis. Losillë – 'roses' (S). ' Nelui' (Third) island of the female Water Guardian, Ëarwen. Melui Orivaine – 'sweet pea' (S). ' Odothui' (Seventh) island of the female Fire Guardian, Nardila. Nardila – 'devoted fire' (S). A Princess of the Noldor and Odothui (Seventh) Eänyello . Guardian of Fire. Her kin island is Melui Orivaine , island of sweet peas. Sirithhil – hereditary female personal seneschal to the Fifth Guardian in Dolenimtâdnîn. Sulfalassë – 'wind of the shore' (S). A Prince of the Noldor and Canthui (Fourth) Eänyello . Guardian of Air/Water. His kin island is Cervesa , island of golden hops. Tyne – Fineen's betrothed in Kylemore.