the issue of mixed bathing. They were tapped by hot springs underneath the mountain that rose near the surface at the back of the house. In evening they were unlikely to be terribly busy and Arwen found it so. None were likely to disturb the current Lady of Rivendell besides. The hot water did wonders for her muscles, tense from too much worry, and soaked away the last of the dirt that three days on the road had caused. It had been some time since she had been so long without a wash, with no time to stop in her race to find Estel and the hobbits. Arwen allowed herself to linger longer than she otherwise might, but finally rose to dry herself and don her nightdress. She returned to her room to brush out her long hair and braid it carefully for sleep. It was dark outside now, the sun having set. Her father should be here to greet her soon. She woke sometime later with the knowledge she was not alone. The room was dark; the new moon not enough to cast any light inside, and if not for elven eyes she would have been all but blind. Her father was sitting in the chair by her desk, gazing at her, though his eyes suggested he did not truly see her. 'Father?' Elrond sighed, his eyes focusing on his daughter. 'I am glad to see you returned and unharmed,' he said, his voice low. Too low. Arwen was familiar with that tone from her childhood, though more often it had been directed at her brothers when they had been particularly foolhardy. 'I am sorry to have worried you so, father, but I had to go. I could wait here no longer, wondering what was happening and if Estel –' He did not allow her to finish her sentence, standing in one quick motion to stride to her side and embrace her. Arwen allowed herself to be held as he had rarely done in many years. 'Do not ever do such a thing again, am I heard?' 'Yes, father,' she said, willing to agree with ease. She had no plans for any further solo adventures in the wild. 'Glad I am to hear that. Your brothers are enough trouble and Estel is even worse. Alone in the wild with four Halflings in his care and the Nine hunting his ever step. How does he get into these situations?' Arwen laughed, surprising herself, but Elrond smiled his success. 'Ah, there, that is better. Worry does not suit your fair face, my daughter.' 'He is still out there; I will not stop my worry until he is returned to us.' Elrond sighed and settled on the edge of her bed as she shifted back to make room for him. 'Nor I. But the worst of the threat is, I think, passed. Mithrandir agrees. They have been defeated, at least for a time. Time enough for Estel and the hobbits to make their way here, I think. And your brothers have gone to retrieve them. They will be well.' She nodded slowly. He was right, of course, but though logic told her one thing, her heart forebode another. 'But I worry as well, as I always do when one of my children is outside of this house.' She picked up the double meaning in his words, if not from the look he sent her. 'Now, you have rested and eaten, and bathed as well, judging by the state of your hair. But I deem you in need of further rest and will leave you to it. I will need your help on the morrow, for your brothers will not yet be returned I think and we cannot delay any longer.' He was rising already, settling his robes about him. 'Father?' 'Yes Arwen?' he said, turning back to her. In the dim light from the torches outside his face was all but black in the shadows, but the light in his grey eyes shown through. 'Will he live?' 'I know not, though I still hope for such an outcome. We will know tomorrow, until then there is no use worrying. I must return to check on Frodo now, for Mithrandir sits with him.' 'I will come in the morning, after I see that rooms are prepared for our guests. They should arrive by tomorrow night I think.' Elrond nodded. 'Yes. And many others besides. Gildor and several of his kin will arrive in a day or so, and Thranduil you know sent word of Legolas' journey. He also I expect soon. Make certain there is room for them all. I am warned there are several dwarves and men from Erebor and Dale that passed through Mirkwood on the way here also, though I do not doubt they are journeying behind Legolas and his guard.' Arwen smiled at that. 'That would be a sight indeed. Very well, I will see to it. And to the kitchens, and the stables, and aught else as is my duty. And then I will attend on you in the healing rooms.' 'As always you are ever the grace of this household. I do not know how we manage when you are with your grandparents.' 'Lindír manages just fine, father, as you know,' she sighed. 'But I prefer your presence,' he answered, returning to her side to kiss her goodnight. 'Sleep well, my daughter; let your cares fall away for tonight. You will see your beloved again on the morrow, and your brothers also.' 'Thank you, father. May you pass a good night as well. And my thoughts go with you to Frodo. To have come so far and to not survive would be the greatest tragedy,' Arwen whispered. She saw her father nod in the dim light, but his reply was all but swept away with his robes as he left her room. 'That tragedy, I fear, is still to come.' xxxxx To be continued in Part 2.