a command." "You are quite audacious to speak to me in such a manner," Legolas said, unable to tear his eyes from hers. He was moving automatically, not registering the changes in song as he continued dancing with the lady in front of him. "That either means you are quite confident I shall not be able to reprimand you later, or you are not a subject of this kingdom." "Or perhaps both," she replied with a brilliant smile up at him. "If you are not of this kingdom, then what brings you to our lands? I had not heard of any visitors in these halls." "If I were to answer that question, I should give myself away," she said pleasantly. "That I simply will not do." "And why is that? Why do you refuse me so much as a name?" "What would you do with my name, my lord?" "Learn who you are, of course. To find out why I find myself drawn to you despite the brief period of our companionship." "Would you know where to search, though? Where to find the answers you look for?" "I would look wherever answers can be found. I would look to the edges of Aman for those answers. For I have never met a lady as equally clever and beautiful as you." "It would be a long and exhausting search, my lord. There are few who know of me. But perhaps you have the connections necessary to discover the truth. Friends that can answer your questions, or at the very least guide you on your quest." "As you rightly pointed out, I am a hunter, competitive and unyielding. I will find those answers if you do not provide me with them." "We shall see. I know enough about you, my lord, to know that you do not settle with what is easy. If you truly want to know who I am, then you will brave the arduous task ahead and conquer it. But perhaps your curiosity is not enough. You will find me at the end if your heart and will are strong. Until then…" Legolas felt his breath snatched away as her soft red lips met his swiftly. He closed his eyes, marveling at the wondrous feelings flowing through him at her touch. They had stopped moving, standing in the middle of the dance floor as the fox kissed the hunter, ignoring the swirling silk and feathers around them. Nothing else existed as the predator and prey met on equal terms, rules of nature forgotten in the brief moment of passion. Opening his eyes as she pulled away, Legolas found himself looking at the ballroom, the white lady nowhere in sight. He quickly looked around, desperate to find her. The raw power of her presence was rapidly fading away. He had to catch her before she escaped and all of her essence slipped from his grasp. He threw off his hood and took off his mask to see better, making the elves around him gasp and mutter to themselves. His sharp eyes picked up the flash of white leaving the hall, exiting out into the snowy gardens. Ignoring the ladies that approached him, he dashed out of the hall after the one had stolen his heart with only a few words and a single kiss. Looking around wildly, he saw a set of shallow footprints glistening in the snow under the bright moonlight. He followed after them eagerly, weaving through the garden paths as quickly as he could without losing the trail. Still, she eluded him, his own speed doing nothing to close the distance. The footsteps were far apart, indicating his quarry was fleeing with all haste from his pursuit. But he had chased things faster than she, things that he was far less interested in catching up with than the lady he now raced after through the wild hedges and elaborate stone walls. He continued after her until he reached the edge of the gardens and the entrance to the forest. The snow was lighter in the trees, and to his dismay, Legolas was forced to slow down to stay on her trail. He was an expert tracker, but the lady was light footed and appeared to dance around the trees with ease. Deeper he went into the forest, frantically searching for the elusive vixen, who appeared more and more likely to escape his grasp the further he moved into the dark woods. The snow grew thicker once more as he reached a clearing, split by a frozen stream and surrounded by tall, strong pines. The light footprints in the snow led to the edge of the ice, and he followed them quickly. But upon reaching the edge, he paused, looking across to the opposite bank. Across the ice he could see footprints. Footprints climbing the bank on the other side. Footprints of a fox. Legolas stared at the light paw prints disappearing into nothingness halfway up the steep bank. As he gazed at the shimmering snow, he heard a soft laugh in the air. It did not come from a single location, but seemed to surround him in that clearing. The musical laughter disappeared on the wind as a breeze stirred the snow on the riverbank. As he watched, transfixed, he thought he saw the faint outline of a fox frolicking in the swirling snowflakes. For a fraction of a second, two amber orbs danced in the snow before disappearing into the darkness. "I will find you," Legolas whispered, another breeze making his loose hair whirl around his face, mimicking the snow that whipped about the clearing. "The fox cannot elude the hunter forever." I wanted to write this as a full story, but with 3 stories currently in production, and with the change in my activity level come the new year, I couldn't start a forth full-length story. Perhaps someday I will write it, if I get enough reviews and positive encouragement. Thank you all for reading!