over everything there – the sea of grass vanished underneath, the towering trees scraping the grey sky, the bare flower beds with flickering candles standing bravely in them, the bushes heralding the holly and ivy plants, and the scattered seats only just wide enough for two people so that those two people had to sit very close together – all washed in that dazzling downy layer of snow. When the snow was so smooth, so perfect, so alike to water, all she wanted to do was touch it, to step on the wonderful surface and feel it close in around her feet. Arwen watched as she walked slowly forward, the snow collapsing in around her toes as she laid down a step. Her toenails shone petal-pink in the damp air while a gust of snowflakes began to zoom around her as she moved forwards again. They danced in the air like little fairies, so prettily and delicately, and as they settled all over her, creeping up to the grey fur around her neck, Arwen laughed in happiness. Then surprisingly she felt a soft touch on her waist, and looking down to where those rapturous tingles were issuing from she saw there a hand which she knew better than her own. Arwen felt another slide around her and Aragorn moved into her view, his shirt blowing in the cold air and bands of snowflakes cheekily flurrying between their eyes. A gentle smile crept over her lips. "Time's up," he said simply, gazing at her. Then- "Aren't you cold?" He felt for her hand. "No," Arwen replied immediately, her eyes fluttering over his face, but hiding her emotions. Aragorn looked up, and her voice changed. "Just in love." Then she gently kissed him, tipping her head slightly to the side so that she could slip her tongue into his mouth. At the same time Aragorn picked her up and slide her legs around his waist while he moved his tongue intimately over hers. He held her closely and warmly in his arms, her numb feet tucking around his knees, and their lips passing affectionately over each others'. "Estel…" she whispered, seizing a breath. Love shone in Aragorn's eyes, brighter than any candle, or any fire, or any star. He smiled and carefully began to walk back towards the steps leading up to their bedroom, still carrying Arwen. She smiled too and leaned nearer to his lips. "You know I love you right now… even more than I did on our wedding day?" Aragorn faltered slightly as he put one foot on the step, and pausing he looked up. Arwen smiled beautifully, her eyes glimmering flirtatiously but not without reason, and slowly she leaned inwards, drawing him under some kind of elvish spell. Suddenly Aragorn kissed her on the lips, and she felt a breathtaking wave of love for him soar up like a mountain. She was so absorbed in Aragorn and his amazing kissing that she did not notice him bring her inside and press her lightly to the door in order to close it. The next she knew when she drew her enticing eyelashes back was how magnificently handsome Aragorn was when he stared at her like that. Her heart was thumping now, rolling quickly and apparently never going to stop. A fond sigh escaped his lips as he trickled a finger adoringly from her brow and past her eyes, to her cheek. This seemed to enliven her senses, just as he seemed to become occupied in her lips, and she caught sight of a branch of mistletoe dangling low above their heads. Aragorn moved forward to kiss her neck, his lips searching all over her bare skin. Arwen only kept hold of her wits for just long enough, for the second she snapped the mistletoe into her hand, Aragorn lowered her down onto the bed, his knee to one side of her and his body brushing over hers. "Valar…" she sighed, paralysed under the cocoon of his kissing. Aragorn leisurely looked up, and seeing her eyes shut, ran a thumb over them. Lazily she opened them, and saw his smile on his shining pink lips. "Arwen?" he whispered curiously, knowing full well what she was thinking but moving up her foxily. His hot breath scorched her throat, making her breathe out passionately. His fingers crawled up her dress, toying at the waist. Slowly Arwen's hand holding the mistletoe descended down until it was just quivering in front of their eyes. Aragorn's pupils in his eyes dilated precariously and he made a soft growling noise as he made to kiss her. "NO!" Arwen gasped suddenly, and at the last moment he immediately pressed a fervent kiss to her lips. But Arwen felt herself begin to giggle unbearably even as his tongue licked her lips. "I'm so sorry!" she laughed, forcing herself to break away from the kiss. Aragorn did not complain, but was clearly enjoying the entertainment. His fingers closed around hers, and she thought he was about to take the mistletoe branch from her hands. However halfway through, with his grip slinking around her hands, she realised that he was forcing the mistletoe back down upon them. "NO! Estel!" Arwen shouted, but she was so helpless with laughter that she could barely lift a finger against him. Aragorn gave a devious smile as he pressed his warm lips to hers, giving her a kiss of life and love fit, not necessarily for a queen, but definitely for a lover covered in snow. He let her breathe, and she did gratefully. "No…" she pleaded once more, weakly imploring him. "No?" Aragorn whispered, smiling. He ran his fingers through her cool hair. "Perhaps not…" Then he pulled her up and cast the mistletoe down onto the floor. "So come with me…" With a final smile, he took Arwen's hand, and looked her straight back in the eye. Whatever he had in store for her, it would certainly make her giggle even harder.