try to predict what happened next." Sauron waved him on impatiently. "Whatever," he snapped. "I'm in no position to deny you your games." "I imagine that, before this encounter, Melkor would at times come in to discretely observe you working at a respectful distance, saying nothing and being as unobtrusive as possible. As such, you and everyone else had become accustomed to his presence in the forges and workshops, finding nothing unusual about him being there whenever it suited him," Gandalf began. "Yes, but that was common knowledge," Sauron confirmed indifferently. "Though his presence never caused problems, Aule did not like having him around and was not shy about complaining about it in public." Gandalf nodded slowly. "But Melkor did not keep his silence in the workshop that day, did he?" Sauron shook his head, his brow furrowed in recollection. "Apparently he had overheard an argument between Aule and myself earlier. I had requested some rare materials for my project, and Aule had refused me with some worthless excuse about 'extreme risks to public health'. Melkor offered to change his mind." He chuckled at the memory. "The next day, I arrived to find the materials I wanted neatly piled in a lead box on my workstation. Apparently, Aule had spent most of the previous day's festival being berated by everyone and sundry for 'neglecting his students'. I later asked Melkor how he did it, and he offered to teach me in return for a few favors." "And it was only a matter of escalation from there," Gandalf muttered pensively, stroking his beard. "Yes, that adds up nicely." A contemplative silence fell for a few moments, or rather it would have if Sauron hadn't begun loudly tapping his foot almost immediately. Gandalf met the former Dark Lord's eyes slowly, patiently. "I don't suppose you would care to share your insights with the rest of the class?" Sauron asked primly. There was a sudden snorting noise, and both Maiar turned in surprise to look at Irmo. The Vala had the sleeve of his robe over his mouth and was doing a poor job of imitating a coughing fit. After a moment, the Dreamlord recovered his aloof, regal bearing and stared at them placidly, as if daring them to make something of his outburst. His juniors elected the path of discretion. "What I mean to say," Gandalf replied evenly, "is that much of your behavior these past Ages can be explained by the fact that, for a very long and formative period of time, nearly all of your positive social interactions were with Melkor." He met Sauron's eyes with a piercing blue stare, and held out his hands emphatically. " Melkor." Sauron's retort froze on his lips. He felt his insides grow cold for a few, agonizing moments. Melkor was no one 's idea of normal. He had seen that hollow, infantile madness up close many, many times. Could he have been tainted by it, all those eons ago? Yet logic prevailed, and he scoffed at the idea. "Really? Just like that, I'm supposed to be some sort of emotionally-stunted, socially inept basket case? My political career would beg to differ." Gandalf and Irmo traded a look. "Your words, not ours," the former Wizard replied demurely. "I was going to say that you are almost completely unable to form meaningful relationships or engage in social interaction outside the context of manipulation and power games." Irmo cut in. "You are also an obsessive-compulsive egomaniac whose delusions and tunnel vision border on self-destructive. Not to mention that your sense of empathy is so microscopic that you barely qualify as sentient." "Harsh, but true," Gandalf agreed ruefully. "You have a long way to go, Mairon." The meadow was quiet. Sauron reflected on their words, pondering them with all his might. And then he laughed. Hysterically, contemptuously. He laughed. And laughed. And laughed. "Is that what this is all about?" he finally wheezed. "You're trying to redeem me?!" "I feel a more accurate term would be 'salvage', but yes, that is the plan," said Irmo. Deluded fools , Sauron thought smugly. You can't fix what isn't broken. "And who shall be my would-be counselor?" he sneered. "You, Olorin? Going to put that famous wisdom and patience to use?" Gandalf clicked his tongue. "Heavens, no. Not even I have what it takes to deal with you long-term; no one in Arda does. Which is why we're sending you to some 'specialists'." Sauron kept sniggering. "You're actually doing this? You're sending me to another world? For therapy ?" "We won't force you, of course. We are simply giving you a choice," Irmo assured him with a small, frosty smile. "You can either live out the rest of Time somewhere pleasant where you can do no harm and might actually learn something-" The Vala's eyes glowed with a harsh green light. "Or you can spend eternity in the Void. Alone. With Melkor. " Sauron's eye twitched. "Therapy World it is," he said. "Now, how are we going to do this?" "Just close your eyes and lie down," Gandalf said with a triumphant grin. "Lord Irmo will send your spirit down the Path of Dreams until you reach your destination." He patted the former Dark Lord on the back. "Cheer up, will you? If everything works out, maybe Father will let you return when the world is renewed at the end of time." Sauron scoffed at this false comfort, but did as he was told. "Just don't make me wear pastels or write poetry," Sauron begged reluctantly as he closed his eyes. "I make no promises," he heard Irmo say. And then he knew no more. A/N: Thanks for reading! The Reforged series is continued in my story "Iron Ember." I would like to thank my friend AkaiNeko for his help and encouragement; this fic would not have happened without him. Leave a review below if it suits you, and I will do my best to reply. See you next time!