Strange things happened when he was about, after all. "This house," the Dwarf said. "Is someone helping you to build it?" "Aye," Edenost said nodding. "A little lad like me could scarcely do it all by himself. But I do it mostly." "I see," Gimli said, and spoke no more that day. And it was nine months after his arrival that he began, once more, to think of leaving. Winter was coming. Yet it did not come. There was no winter here. Gimli wished there could be a winter. It was the time of leaving, of peace, of stasis and sleep. He was glad not to be an Elf. He no longer minded it that he was the only Dwarf here, that he had not youth nor beauty nor outer strength, nor ability to create beautiful things, nor boundless stores of tales to tell. In his heart there was a winter, and that was how he wished it. And the shadow of Thranduil fell upon him, and the cold eyes burned into his, accusing, convicting, executing. I know your thoughts. I know your heart. I know your evil. I know your lies. The Lady knows them too. You think your thoughts are pure as the crystal that hangs about your throat? She knows better. As do we all. Gimli blinked as if looking at the sun, rather than raising his own eyes in defiance. Ugly is as ugly does. And then a voice spoke directly behind him in infinite sweetness and mercy. "Master Gimli," it said, "I've finished your house. Come and see!" And Gimli raised his head, and brought both feet to the floor. "Well," he said, "what are we waiting for?" And the shadow vanished. ooooo "Come this way," the boy said, clutching at the withered hand. "It's not far. Are you terribly tired? My ada can carry you." "Nay, I'm all right, laddie," Gimli said, with scarcely a glance behind him. Elladan and Elrohir and Legolas were there, he knew. There were others, but he did not know which ones. And they climbed the path behind the Palace courtyard, behind the stables and other outbuildings, into a little grove of evergreen trees. Gimli felt his knees grow soft, yet was determined not to give way-whatever the lad wished to show him, he would keep on his own feet, at least until after... And then he could leave. But he had to see, first. "We're almost there," Edenost said. No one else spoke. He led the Dwarf a little further until they came to a stand of flowering bushes, where the path seemed to end. "This house," Gimli said, "can others see it besides ourselves?" "Oh yes," Edenost assured him with great importance. "And they'll not laugh." Gimli thought he heard a giggle, and he almost looked back, even though it seemed to come from behind the bushes. "It's right around here," the boy said. "I put it up so you would not have to stoop down to see it." "That's good," Gimli said. He was nearly out of breath. "You may sit when you see it," Edenost said. "Likely you will anyway." Gimli was at the point of asking if he might do so there and then, when Edenost pulled him further along. "Close your eyes, Master Dwarf," he said with face aglow. Gimli blinked for a moment, for it seemed there was a white sheet hanging before him. He was so dizzy, he was not sure. Yet he managed to keep his feet, and to close his eyes. He heard a soft whispering, and then some music playing from a small distance, as on a flute, with a silvery harp accompanying. Then there was a rustling sound, more stifled giggles, and then Edenost's voice saying, "Open them now." And Gimli opened his eyes. There stood the house. He did not sit down. It was about three feet high, a sand castle it was-and yet not, but something more permanent. Its walls were actually made of marble blocks, and of other things as well: stones, beautifully cut and polished, dozens and dozens of them, jasper, tourmaline, fluorite glowing softly in the afternoon sun, opals of black and green and blue and pink and gold and scarlet, agates, intricately layered in every imaginable color, quartz crystals, sapphire, onyx, jade, moonstone, peridot, amethyst, tiger-eye, chalcedony and chrysoprase, and many, many others, whose names Gimli did not know even in Dwarvish. The roof was covered with them as well, several crystals set upon it, and there were windows as well, and a marble door with the words SPEAK FRIEND AND ENTER etched in gold. It was all set on a small wooden platform covered with a white cloth, similar to the makeshift curtain that had concealed it from his view. There was even a terrace in back, made of a marble slab. And upon it sat a small doll made to look like a Dwarf...one with white hair and braided beard like his own, with little brown button eyes like his own, a large nose like his own, and clothing like his own. All that was missing was the pendant about his neck. "Mistress Lyrien made that," Edenost said, very softly, as if imparting a secret. "The lady with the red hair. Did you ever see an Elf with red hair before, Master Gimli? There are many of them here. Well, not so many, but, well, many." Gimli was absolutely speechless. Yet after a seemingly endless moment, he was able to say, also very softly, "You...you made this all yourself, laddie?" "Well, not ALL myself," Edenost said. "I had some help." And he turned his head gravely and looked up, and so did Gimli. There stood Thranduil, casting no shadow now, and there was no coldness in his eyes, no lie, no condemnation, nothing but light, language, fire and life. It was as if every stone in the house were inside of them, genuine and connected and absolutely unique. ***Finis***