not to be in recorded human history. I know a few people who could probably produce enough first-hand evidence for it. One of them happens to be the reason we're trying to find one in the first place. Remember those independent researchers from the UK that I may or may not have mentioned earlier?" Slumping in defeat, Fiona stopped picking at the crumbling wood of the table's edge. It was no use attempting a serious conversation when her dad was bursting with enthusiasm over something or other. She suppressed a sigh. "Yeah." "You'll like this. Every one of them goes by a pseudonym of some sort – I suppose they have to, when they're out and about amongst the rest of us. One of them goes in private by the name of Legolas Thranduillion." All thought of moving to the US vanished. "Who?" "Oh, you can't tell me you haven't heard that name before. Don't you have plenty of Tolkien things floating around on that ridiculously overstuffed bookshelf of yours?" "W-well, yes," she stammered, bewildered. "But none of them say that it's real ." "I suppose they wouldn't," said Dean pensively. "I highly doubt that either Legolas or any of the others would be too keen on letting the world know of their existence now, especially when they've successfully managed to elude the prying eyes of Mortals for the last few thousand years." A few thousand years? I think I need to sit down , Fiona thought weakly, sinking down into a chair. She propped her aching head up in one hand and squeezed her eyes shut. "A bunch of crazy cosplaying historians are trying to get you to look for a lost rock?" "Of course not!" snapped Dean, sounding affronted. "They're looking for it themselves. And it's not a lost rock. It's a palantír. " "You didn't deny that they were crazy cosplayers." "I am perfectly serious, Fiona. This is an incredible opportunity - not everyone gets to meet people who have lived through so many historically significant events. Besides, don't you want to meet a real Elf?" Her eyes stayed closed against the pain in her head as she struggled to gather her thoughts. She should have seen it coming. Clearly, between their last conversation and this one, something had happened and her father had finally gone round the bend. It wasn't the first time. Her mind flashed worriedly through a few images of her dad being hospitalised. Bipolar apparently did that sometimes. Realising that she was going to have to try and gently tell him that whatever he was talking about was not real made her heart sink. "Alright." Fiona took a deep breath. "Dad, I can't just jet off to the UK. There's still another semester to go, and I have too much to do to just drop everything to go play with the Elves." "You'll not be just playing with the Elves, sweetheart. While you're there, you'll be with family. Believe me," he added with a bitter-sounding laugh, "when your mother told me she was related to a bunch of otherworldly creatures, I thought she'd gone right off her rocker. Her own father had had a falling-out with Lord Elrond, and it was only about two or three years before she—she passed away that Miriam began tentatively reaching out towards her estranged relatives again." He cleared his throat awkwardly and fell silent. It was difficult for him to talk about Miriam without regret creeping into his tone. Fiona tried to absorb all the information he had just thrown at her. "Um, thank you for telling me," she said, trying to be sensitive. "Just…who am I related to, exactly?" "Lord Elrond, I think. You're one of his descendants in some way. Through Aragorn, I believe. Anyway," he continued, apparently oblivious to the fact that on the other side of the world his daughter's jaw was falling open, "I'll have to talk to you more about it later. I have an absolute stack of first-year papers to mark." "But—" "Talk soon, Fiona!" he said cheerfully, and hung up. Well, thanks for that, Dad , Fiona groused silently, plopping her phone onto the table. She glared at it sullenly for a few moments, turning his bewildering words over in her mind. A small part of her suggested quietly, hopefully, that maybe she should give what Dean had told her some consideration and call him back in the morning, when she had had the chance to sleep. None of it was real, probably. Yet the idea stirred her anyway. And a much larger part of her grimly ordered her to take stock of reality. She needed more work to pay the rent. She needed to study as hard as she could during her last semester to keep up her marks and get into postgrad history. No amount of hoping would sweep worries like that under the rug. Shaking her head, she remembered where she was, and that her friend needed her. Cautiously, she poked her head back into the lounge room, where she knew Mackenzie had probably passed out by now. A quiet murmuring made her look up at the tall young man whose long fingers rested upon her forehead. A curtain of sleep descended upon her, so subtly that she hardly noticed, and something in those strange words washed away the throbbing in her head and spoke of…something…old forests shrouded in grey mists, and hills blanketed in— He pushed his hair back, and Fiona snapped out of exhaustion straight away. She stared in disbelief. It was - it just couldn't be - One pointed ear was peeking out from behind the chestnut locks. And she could have sworn that he was glowing in the dimly-lit Victorian parlour. No, he was definitely glowing. Muted light suffused his face, his hands. He half-turned at Fiona's gasp, startled. "Oh my gods," she breathed. I admit I'm a little nervous posting this, as I don't often write non-parodies! Reviews be appreciated. :)