There was but one window, and it was very tiny, admitting precious little light. But enough for Drake and Odie to see what lay before them. A girl's head, right at their feet. Legs and arms...but not attached to the torso, which lay beneath the sheet. And what appeared to be fresh blood all over the floor. Odie began to scream and howl. He tried to wrench open the door, but it was stuck fast. Drake scarcely even noticed how his own breeches grew wet as he stared in horrified consternation at the dismembered parts strewn all about, the blood...and the head, whose eyes were open and looking right up at him. And then suddenly, he was confronted with the sight of an axe lifted right above his head. But no one appeared to be holding it. He shrieked. And then made for the door, at which Odie was desperately hurling himself over and over. The axe swung at Drake and he barely dodged it. Odie made an attempt to make another door on the opposite side. And the head spoke to him, "Drake, how could you do this to me? You will pay...you will pay...I will haunt you forever..." And suddenly the door swung open, and Odie scrambled out, and darted off into the woods...only to run right into a vine which twined itself around his ankles, and suddenly there he was, suspended upside down from a tree limb over a small pond. Drake stumbled over the cabin steps, then fled down the path...just as Diamond's father and Peregrin Took, along with many others, were coming up. ~O~O~ "There, there," Petal said as Diamond forlornly watched her "hero" from behind the stand of bushes where they were hidden. She had never figured out just what "there, there" meant, but she had often heard it from Mortal mothers to soothe their children, and it just came to her before she knew it. Yet Diamond did not shed the tears that stood in her eyes, nor did she make a sound, other than a few sniffles. And Petal did another mortal-mother thing by caressing Diamond's hair, but the girl did not seem to notice. And they watched as Drake stumbled right into the path of the search-party. "I didn't do it, I swear I didn't!" he cried as Diamond's father grabbed him by the hair of his head and demanded to know what he had done with his daughter. "It must 'a been...that woodcutter feller...they say his ghost...there was his axe...I swear I didn't do it!" "Didn't do what?" Pippin gasped. He ran to the cabin, Merry following close, and flung open the door. Drake made as if to free himself and flee, but Mr. North-Took kept a good grip on him, and several others held him fast as well. "There's blood on your clothes," he said, his face gone very pale. "If you've harmed my little lass, I'll take that axe and chop you up into pieces...very slowly, startin' with your feet, and..." And leaving him to the others, he hastened up behind Pippin and Merry, trembling. "There's no one here," Pippin said looking back at his cousin and Diamond's father. Mr. North-Took ran back and grabbed Drake and began to shake him violently, saying, "What have you done with her, you villain? If you don't-" "Here I am, Dad," Diamond said, stepping forth from the bushes. Drake could only stare at her, his mouth falling wide open. Then his eyes rolled back in his head, and he fell in a swoon. "Diamond!" Her father ran to embrace her. "What's this all about, lass? Do you realize what a scare you gave me? What did that monster do to you?" Petal turned to look at the two giggling beings behind her. "Oi, that was wicked," Butternut said. "But fun! Did you see the look on their faces when I hove that axe?" "I'm glad to be in one piece now," Bittersweet said. "I don't know how much longer I could have stood being all over the place like that. It takes far too much concentration. Still, it was an interesting idea. But the poor lassie! What will she do now?" "She will get over him," Petal said as she watched the party moving slowly away, Merry and Constable Brownhill hauling the inert form of Drake along, Pippin and Mr. North-Took on either side of Diamond with their arms about her waist. "I think she was never truly in love with him, only with what she supposed he was. A hero. She had a foolish dream, and now she has awakened. Very soon she will find her true hero...right beside her even as we speak." "Perhaps we should put a lovespell on her," Bittersweet suggested, "so she will fall madly in love with Pippin on the spot." "Lovespells have been outlawed, remember?" Petal said. "Since Fairies so often either bungle them up, or use them to amuse themselves at the expense of others." She smiled, "And I think it will not be necessary this time." "What of him?" Butternut said, pointing out the figure of Odie, who still hung forgotten from the vine, staring down at the pond below him in seeming fascination. Petal waved her hand and the vine broke, dropping him right into the pond, making him fall with his backside first, so he would not break his neck. Yet although the water came barely to his shoulders, he merely continued to look down at the water, and soon he bent to kiss it, gazing adoringly at the murky reflection of his own face. Petal looked at the twins with lifted eyebrows and a little frown. Bittersweet looked very innocent. Butternut glanced guiltily away. "I forgot lovespells weren't allowed," he stammered. "Forgive me, my Queen? I'll take it off him right away..." Petal watched Odie kissing the water once more and sighing. And then she smiled most radiantly. "Let's not be hasty," she said with twinkling lavender eyes. ~*~Finis~*~