the chair beside him. " Adar, have you come to a decision yet regarding Mithrandir's request?" Whilst Legolas was considered to be the calm of the family (much like his mother), Lasneth had a sense of urgency he inherited from his father. Thranduil exhaled deeply and gave a brief nod. "We will keep that – miserable creature, as prisoner, as Mithrandir wishes. However, something must be done to silence it or derive some sort of information from it soon. Its shrieking will attract an entire host of orcs if it does not quiet down!" The two princes contemplated their father's words. "We could threaten it to tell us all it knows, and then kill it," Lasneth suggested, his tone hostile. "Ai, I feared my head would explode from its vile screams. Curse the creatures of the shadow!" "Nay Lasneth, I believe there is another way to uncover the information we seek from the creature," Legolas said, his forehead creased in thought. "Gollum has clearly not responded as we desire to threats and such, but what if we were to show him kindness?" "We have already displayed our mercy upon him," Thranduil frowned. "Yes Ada," Legolas leaned forward in his chair. "However, what if we could do something… something that would give the impression that we are on his side and will not harm him… so that he may be more inclined to reveal to us what Mithrandir seeks?" Thranduil studied his eldest carefully. "What do you propose, ion nin? " The crown prince cleared his throat uneasily before raising his eyes to the king. "A patrol could take him out into the safer parts of the forest, every few days or so…" "Absolutely not!" Thranduil was almost fuming at such a suggestion. " Adar, saes! Hear my reasoning!" Legolas' hands moved to rest at the edge of the desk before him. "Lasneth has told us before that the soldiers and servants complain of the racket the creature causes, nor will it divulge any information we require, and it does not respond well to the threats the guards make either. If we show it kindness, then it is possible it will tell us what we seek." "It is all merely a possibility, Legolas," Lasneth said. "It is not certain the creature will do as you hope." The three elves were silent for a moment as they pondered over the prospect. "My lord," Legolas began. "I will personally lead the patrol in charge of Gollum. If any failure occurs, it shall be on my shoulders." "I will not risk that, son, I will not risk you, " Thranduil disagreed gently. "Too often do I send my sons to protect our land, our people, in the face of danger. Yet you are hunting the enemy, and here the enemy will be hunting you. No, I am not willing to risk my people, or my family, as prey for the shadow." " Ada, please, you must trust me. We need to undertake this course of action." "Why do you insist so strongly?" Thranduil demanded, his words holding the same urgency Lasneth's had moments before. The king's eyes narrowed in concern. "Has Lalaith seen something? Has she warned you of something that has not yet come to pass?" Legolas shook his head in denial. His best friend was one of those elves who were gifted in visions, yet hers were brief, and not as powerful as the ability possessed by other elves. "No, she has not seen anything. Only that she has warned me of a sense of dread that washes over her when she looks towards the East. She has only informed me to be careful in any decisions we might make in the near future." "This is ill news," Thranduil murmured, his hands clasped together once more. He sat tense in his chair, the weight appearing over his shoulders again. "Trust me, Ada, " Legolas whispered. Thranduil sighed. "Always, ion nin. " Legolas favoured his father with a smile of gratitude before resuming his laid back position in his seat. "I will allow you to expedite this strategy of yours, Legolas." Thranduil looked his eldest son in the eye. "This responsibility will be yours only." The king's tone softened. "Just be careful, my son. Both my sons." "Always, Ada, " the princes responded. Lasneth rose and poured three glasses of Dorwinion. "Come now Adar, we have discussed much today." Thranduil smiled appreciatively at his youngest before taking the glass he offered. Although he worried every day for his sons, his people, and what consequences the shadow would bring, he revelled in the fact that they were safe and together, for now, and that was enough for him. xxxxxxx Bilbo Baggins set down his quill and looked proudly at the pages of his book. He had accomplished a great deal of writing that day and covered a significant part of his adventure. Writing about his ordeal in Mirkwood brought back a fond smile to his face. Gandalf was correct, if Bilbo returned to the Shire, he would never be the same. Bilbo had not been very caring towards visitors in the past (especially his confounded relatives, the Sackville-Bagginses), yet now he pondered over when any of the dwarves and elves he met on his adventure might visit him again, and good old Gandalf and his magnificent fireworks. Bilbo chuckled to himself and gazed out the window of his comfortable hobbit hole. He could see young Frodo out in the garden, an expression of delight on the lad's face as he immersed himself in enjoying the beauty of nature, accompanied by his dear friend and neighbour, Samwise Gamgee. The two young hobbits were currently smiling at a rabbit that was hopping about the yard, its fluffy tail twitching. The hobbit dipped his quill in ink and put it to paper once more. After all, he had quite the tale to tell. Translations: Mellon nin (my friend) Ion nin (my son) Adar/Ada (Father, Dad/Daddy) Saes (please)