at him and felt better knowing Eowyn was no ones fool. Tonight, they would talk and make sure that they were together in their purposes and needs. She would be alone without his protection for a while as he rode with his men along the western half of Rohan. Theodred was out there now doing his best with his own forces. Together, they were the backbone of the resistance to the growing threat from the west. Eowyn rustled away leaving Grima alone and when he was Eomer stepped from the shadows glowering his formidable menace to the dark-robed figure who stared at him fear on his face. Grima turned and walked away disappearing into the house. Eomer considered him and turned away dreading the day that he would have to choose: letting Grima live or risking his uncle's life by cutting the bastard's throat. He turned and walked away, disappearing into the darkness of the hallway once more. ******At the Last Homely House in the West ... He entered, his boots clomping on the floor in his weariness. Pausing, he gripped the arm of Legolas the youngster meeting him as he crossed the threshold. "Mae govannen, Glorfindel," he said glancing around the tall Elf. "Mae govannen, Erestor." Erestor smiled and nodded. "Mae govannen, Legolas. Is the Lord of the House about?" "He is in his study as ever. We are most happy to see you both return from the lands of men and others." "And others. How aptly put," Glorfindel replied with a chuckle watching as Erestor began to climb the stairs to the second floor. He turned to Legolas clapping his arm. "Tell me much as I soak my grime. I am out of the loop of news here." "I will trade news with you, my friend," Legolas said following the older Elf to his chambers and bath. Their laughter could be heard all over the house. **********Late that night ... "You are most quiet." "I am. You are not exactly filled with mirth yourself." It was quiet a moment. "You said that it would take the shores of heaven to learn your heart." "Perchance." "Erestor ... I know you carnally. I know your history. I know your likes and dislikes. I know where your ticklish places are and I know what irritates you. Why are you so reluctant to tell me what it is that ails you?" It was quiet a moment. "Because I know it irritates *you*, my beautiful brother." For a moment it was silent and then laughter, big masculine filled the chamber. It continued for a long time and then receded bringing silence once more to the room. "*You* are the magnificent bastard, my dear Erestor. I am merely the pretender." "I am not sure whether to thank you or not, Glorfindel but I am sure you are right." The moon shone through the window and there was no longer much conversation for other things occupied them, things that felt better and less complicated than conversation and as the moon lingered in the heavens above so did Glorfindel linger in the complexities of the enigma beside him. **********Morning ... Glorfindel labored over a horse swiping with his brush dust and dirt from the silken flank of someone's steed. He was absorbed and didn't notice the presence of another, someone standing nearby watching him with a dark gaze. Turning, he paused matching smirk for smirk the relaxed demeanor of his lover. "Here we go again," he said, relaxing against the stall. Erestor came forward pausing just before him, his eyes filled with mirth. "I see no stallion and mare fornicating for our viewing pleasure. In that, this moment is different." "I suppose we could take care of that. After all, a stall is a good as a chair." "Only you would think so." Glorfindel smiled and reached through the stall slats tugging Erestor closer to him. They stood together their lips nearly touching as Glorfindel considered the beauty of his partner. "You look edible," he whispered seductively. "You are incorrigible," Erestor sighed moving back from Glorfindel, a look of smug satisfaction on his face. "I told you then and I tell you now. I am not your filly." "You did. You are consistent that way, I noticed. But things have changed since those more golden and innocent times." Glorfindel smiled his eyes half-shuttered in lustful recollection. "I am the owner of your virginity." "A lost moment for me, I assure you." Erestor smiled and turned walking to the door. He paused as Glorfindel cleared his throat. The languid Elf was leaning against the stall nodding to the empty one next to it. A questioning half smile, hopeful and heated graced his beautiful face and Erestor worked to quash the chuckle this brought to him. "In your dreams," he said with a smirk. Turning, he walked out leaving Glorfindel behind him. Glorfindel sighed and turned to the horse who was staring back at him with dark eyes. He grinned at his charge and began to swipe his rump brushing cleanliness back into the dust-covered curve of his powerful flank. He chuckled and looked at the empty stall beside him, gazing at the door where Erestor had exited. "It is only a matter of time, my beautiful brother. Only a matter of time." ***********A short time later on a road in the Shire... He heard a song drifting on the breeze dragging him from his book back to reality. Rising, he turned and stared listening harder, a broad smile of recognition spreading across his pretty face in great delight. Turning, running swiftly, he hurried to the road and the traveler he expected to see. Careening through the trees, he came up short on the road crossing his arms before him. The traveler, aware of his presence stopped and gazed at him, at his cross-appearing countenance and waited. "Your late," he said a disapproving look on his face. It was all Gandalf could do not to chuckle. =0= c2003/2010