Numenor, at his death his spirit left the world forever. Elrond chose to be accounted amongst the Eldar and would eventually become the Lord of Imladris and husband to Celebrian. This same choice was given to the children of Elrond (not to those of Elros who were mortal) to remain amongst the Eldar and leave Middle-earth when their father did so, or to remain and become mortal. Of Arwen her fate was that of her foremother Luthien, she chose to be accounted amongst the Edain. Of Elladan and Elrohir it is not said, only that they delayed their choice. Names, characters/places: Avernien: Refuge of the people of Doriath after the Second Kinslaying and the people of Gondolin after its sacking by Morgoth. Elros: Twin brother of Elrond. Chose to be accounted amongst the Edain, died in the early part of the Second Age. Elwing: Not mentioned by name but she is the mother of Elrond and Elros. Daughter of Dior, son of Beren and Luthien. One of the Half-Elven, her mother, unnamed in Canon is Elven, Dior is half-Edain, quarter Sindarin and quarter Maia. Eärendil: Father of Elrond and Elros. Son of Idril and Tuor. Therefore one of the Half-elven, Tuor being of the Edain and Idril of the Noldor. Fëanor: Eldest son of Finwë (first High King of the Noldor), creator of the Silmarils. It was he who led the Noldor in rebellion against the Valar. Died before the rising of the Sun and Moon, it was to he that Maglor and Maedhros once more swore their oath. Maglor: second son of Fëanor, a great singer and minstrel. He had the epithet of 'the Mighty' on account of his voice, which could be heard 'far over land and sea'. He was named only after Daeron of Doriath who was accounted the greatest of all minstrels. Held part of the Northern Marches against Morgoth called Maglor's gap. At the end of the First Age he seized with Maedhros the two Silmarils that remained in Middle-earth, and cast the one that he took into the Sea. Took the twins Elrond and Elros to foster after the destruction of the Third and last Kinslaying. It is said in the Silmarillion that after throwing his Silmaril in the sea he took to wandering the shores and singing forever in pain and regret. His birth names were Canafinwë (father name) Makalaurë (mother name). Maglor is the Sindarin derivative of Makalaure; Cano is the shortened form of Canafinwë. It is Maglor who is the main subject of this monologue. Maedhros: Eldest son of Fëanor. He was taken by Morgoth and chained by his right wrist to a rocky outcropping; Fingon (his cousin) freed him by cutting of his right hand. He lived to wield his sword left-handed but ever after the shadow of pain was in his heart and his 'spirit burned like a white fire within, and he was as one that returns from the dead' (it is this light that Elrond sees and remembers). Held the Hill of Himring (seen on the LotR map as the small island of Himling) and the lands about. Had the epithet the Tall. Maedhros had the red hair of his mother's family and wore a copper circlet like his maternal grandfather called Mahtan or Urundil (copper-lover). His birth names were Nelyafinwë (father name) Maitimo (mother name) and his family gave him the nickname Russandol. His Sindarin name, Maedhros, is considered to be a hybrid of his mother name and nickname. Maedhros bore one of the Silmarils with him to his death at the end of the First Age. Silmarils: Three jewels created by Fëanor son of Finwë, which contained the light of the Two Trees. Taken by Morgoth. Morgoth: Also called Melkor. First Dark Lord of Middle-earth. It is from him that all darkness was born. Fallen Vala. Valinor: Aman. Land of the Valar in Middle-earth now, in the Third Age, removed from the circles of the world. Valar: 'Those with Power', 'The Powers'; name given to those great Ainur (eldest of all beings created by Eru) who entered the into Ea (the universe) at the beginning of Time, and assumed the function of guarding and governing Arda (the world). Manwë: king of Arda, chief of the Valar. Varda: Queen of the Stars, wife of Manwë. Eru: Also known as Iluvatar and the Allfather. The Creator. Thangorodrim: Fortress of Morgoth in the Far North of Beleriand. Oath of Fëanor: This oath was sworn by Fëanor and his sons in order to take back the Silmarils and avenge the death of their father/grandfather Finwë. Sons of Fëanor: These are the brothers mentioned by Maglor/Elrond in his stories. In order of birth: Maedhros, Maglor, Celegorm, Caranthir, Curufin, Amrod and Amras. i-wenyn: Meaning twins. The youngest sons of Fëanor were twins; Amrod and Amras, both had the red hair of their mother's kin. Although Maglor refers to the plural, only one of the twins (in my version of events following HoMe) died in the Third Kinslaying (Amrod). The younger of the two died at the very start of the First Age when Fëanor burnt the ships they had travelled to Middle-earth in. Ellianë: An original character. Dagor Dagorath: The mythical final battle in which Morgoth will finally be defeated and Arda remade. I think those are all of the notes needed and not needed in many ways. They are written there so as people who have no knowledge of the Silmarillion can read this fic with relative ease. I did think about placing this in the Silmarillion section because of the fact that Elrond is monologing about events contained within the Silmarillion; but I ended up placing it in the LotR section simply because it is based around events in the Third Age. This story can also be seen as relating into another multipart fic of mine called Journeys, which is placed in the Silmarillion section. I won't explain exactly why although I think you might be able to guess.