up immediately. 'Let's see if there are any cakes left in the kitchen. ' He is already heading down the stairs into the dark interior. 'All he can ever think about is his stomach. Dwarf!' Elrohir calls down after him. Legolas' laughter is cut short as the earth rumbles for a second time that week. 'What is that?' the prince asks Elrohir, keeping his balance easily on the trembling rock. 'Father says it is the land moving still; that when Arda was created it was not yet complete, so it still continues to change. He believes that the mountains came to be because Melkor and the Valar waged a battled between one side of a valley and another and the tempest was so great when they collided that it threw up the mountains.' 'We do not have quakes such as these in the Greenwood, but I think I understand Lord Elrond's reasoning.' 'Really, because I don't,' Elrohir admits. 'We better catch up with Elladan or he'll eat all the cakes!' 'Good idea,' Legolas says, moving towards the stairwell. In an instant the ground he has stood on the moment before cracks and with a deafening roar disappears below. Legolas is left standing by the moon table that now lies on the edge of the ledge. Blow, he and Elrohir can hear the collision of rock against rock. 'That's never happened before,' Elrohir says. 'Is it likely to happen again?' Legolas asks, not daring to move. 'Better get over here just in case.' On silent and swift feet Legolas joins the dark haired elf in the stairwell. 'We should go down.' 'Good idea,' Elrohir echoes. They race down to the bottom of the stairs through the darkness. Elladan is standing at the bottom, not a stone's throw from a large pile of scattered rubble. 'Are you well?' he asks immediately. Other elves are gathering already. Elrond pushes his way through the crowd to join his sons. 'What has happened?' 'You appear to be missing half of your viewing platform, ada,' Elrohir tries to joke. They all look up at the jagged edge two hundred feet above. 'You are well? All of you?' Elrond asks, ignoring the attempt at humour. 'Legolas was the closest,' Elrohir says, shoving the attention away from him and his brother 'I am quite well, Lord Elrond. Simply startled, that is all. I was not standing far from the table when the rest of the ledge collapsed. It is like a rock fall in the mountains that I have seen.' Elrond sighs in relief that no one is injured. 'I think it best that no one ventures up there again until Glorfindel and I have accessed the situation. Understood?' he looks pointedly at his sons. 'Yes ada,' they repeat together. 'Perhaps you could find a less precarious place to spend the afternoon, in case there are further quakes. That is for all inhabitants. There may yet be further rock falls. Please avoid this area for now.' The twins need no further encouragement to visit the kitchens. xxx The ledge is dutifully inspected by the few elves that dwell in Imladris that have some knowledge of building and construction. It takes a week and no further quakes before they declare they can find no issue with what remains of the rock. There is less of a ledge now that hangs over the air below; most of the half-circle that remains is founded in the rock wall below and unlikely to tumble down. Elrond finally ventures up to find that it is still more than usable and at least the crystal table is intact. 'I do not often notice the passage of time, but occasionally it is brought home to me in rather obvious ways,' Lindir explains. Elrond can only agree. 'It has been nearly thirty-five hundred years since the dwarves carved out this place.' 'Rock should last,' Lindir huffs. 'Nothing lasts,' Elrond says, gazing out over the valley. It has been four thousand years since he first came to these lands and founded Imladris. That is a long time even for an elf. 'Still, Meldenir does not believe it will suffer much more damage in years to come. It is still usable for its intended purpose, Lindir, and that is all we can hope for after so long.' 'Yes, as you say. Still, perhaps it would be better if it was restricted to its intended purpose only. I know the twins often come up here to escape.' Elrond sighs. 'Yes, perhaps that is best. They can find another hiding spot, I am sure.' Though he does not go on to mention that that then means he must discover their new hiding spot. 'Let us go down, mellon nin, or we shall waste the night away wondering on the passage of time.' 'Isn't that how you spend every night?' Lindir says, only half in jest. 'More than I should, I suppose,' Elrond reflects. Lindir has not seen so many years as his lord, nor dwelt in the valley so long, but that does not mean he cares for it any less. 'We are getting old, I think, lost in our thoughts more than our actions.' 'It has been that way for some time, Lindir. I do not think anything will change that now. But someone must have a care for the past and an eye to the future.' 'And that has always been your duty, my lord.' Elrond inclines his head in the flickering light of the torch as he descends the stairs. It may be his duty, but it is his honour as well. Four thousand years this has been his home, and though he longs for a time of rest someday in the far future, he is content enough. Four thousand years and they are still here, and the valley is still hidden. Time may pass, but some things will not change. I still don't really know where this came from. But I wrote it in January 2013.