the USB drive and hoisted his bag onto his back, ready to bolt for his life. But something out in the hallway stopped him: the sound of panicked footsteps and erratic breathing as whoever it was sprinted past. Something was not right. His instincts warned him of sudden danger and straight away he dimmed the lights. Where do I go? he thought in a panic, darting this way and that in the dim light. He dashed behind the shadows of the wide architraves in the postmodern architectural-inspired entrance to the library. The racing footfalls died away. His heart thudded rapidly in his ears. There was silence. Releasing a shaky breath, Eamonn tilted his head back against the heavy trolley stacked with books. Relax. Breathe. It was just. . .someone running. . . The sudden sound of footsteps treading heavily somewhere outside in the hall made him tense up. Chills unaccountably ran down his spine. It was not the same person as before. What the hell was going on? There had to be a crazy axe murderer running around. That was the only plausible explanation for that horrible yell he had heard just moments ago. He'd certainly yell if there was someone after him with an axe. The footsteps were slow and measured, and seemed to be coming closer. Eamonn realised that it was not only the dull thud of heavy boots that he could hear, but the tinny sound of metal clanking together. It was an odd noise, and not one that he was accustomed to hearing. He was desperately trying to control his breathing but it sounded ragged and loud in the silence. If I get hacked to pieces, I'll never pass sociology, he thought, then wondered why such random and somewhat morbidly amusing thoughts were popping into his head. And at this time! His shoulders stiffened when the sudden noise of snuffling and snorting came to his ears. It suddenly occurred to him that whoever it was had to be quite close now. With a sudden crash, a heavily metal-shod foot slammed down just outside the library entrance and mere feet away from where Eamonn was pressed against the doorway. He didn't dare move or breathe—not least because of the foul stench that seemed to accompany the man. What on earth was that horrible smell? It smelt like. . .like blood. Or compost. Or. . .rotting flesh. Bile rose at the back of his throat and it took a concentrated effort not to vomit. The man—at least, Eamonn thought it was a man—suddenly turned away and the whirring of one of the automatic doors not too far away told him that the danger had left the immediate vicinity. For now. With a shaky, rasping sigh of relief he tried to pull himself to his feet. His legs were shaking uncontrollably. Shit. How am I gonna get out of here with that thing running around? The prospects of trying to get back to the WRF without getting killed by some sadistic metal-clad psychopath were not looking particularly pleasant. If he went out the main entrance of the building, anyone who attacked him would clearly be spotted by the security guards in the harsh light of the electric lamps. That is, if there were any security guards at this time. . . Trust this to be the only time when most of the guards weren't there. Well, it was the end of semester. With a combination of daring courage and utter foolishness Eamonn picked up his bag and headed towards the exit where the intruder had left. Once again it whirred open and he winced at the noise it made. Keeping to the wall and the shadow protection it afforded him, he began to nervously head down the path. He could see little but the crunching of footsteps on gravel told him that his quarry was not far ahead. The dude's heading towards the trees. Whoa, what the hell? Why would he go down to Hazel's Wood? Amid the rapid beatings of his heart his confused thoughts kept whirling around, trying to make sense of themselves. He rounded the corner but quickly pulled back when he saw. . . Professor Bloom? What was he doing out here? And. . .and. . .sprawled on the grass as if dead? The answer to all these puzzling questions emerged in all its grotesque, metal-clad repulsiveness into the faint half-light of the moon. This was no man. No man, not even an axe murderer, could possibly look this hideous. Eamonn nearly choked. The creature was easily his height or more, and Eamonn was a tall young man of six foot. But the resemblance to him, or to any human creature—because he was sure it wasn't human—ended there. Its shoulders were broad, as was its ugly, deformed face. Long, thin black hair clung to its odd clothing, which looked like some sort of weird armour from a fantasy movie. Mostly, the armour looked like a lot of metal and leather strung up together in some sort of order, but it was all stained and rusted and dented as if it had seen a lot of wear. Which, judging by its wearer's bloodstained appearance, was all too possible. Never had he seen anything so frightening. His horror could only increase when the horrible creature picked up the prostrate Professor and slung him over his shoulder as if he were a bag. Or something to eat for later. He wouldn't put it past that creature to be a cannibal. It adjusted its load with a grunt and made off with it, plodding towards the forest. A few shadows of around the creature's build and stature emerged from the trees, and after exchanging a few snarls and growls they disappeared. Eamonn sank against the wall towards the ground, eyes wide and blank, and sat there for a long while. If Lord of the Rings wasn't fictional, he could've sworn that what he had just seen was an Orc.