voices, but the words were too muffled and too far away. I sped along running and running. I had to have been running for an hour before I finally got tired. I was usually so good at running and I was very fit. I was so exhausted though. Placing my hands on my hips, I squinted up at a sun that was barley there. The sun was falling. I had to make camp. A horrid fear popped into my head. How was I supposed to protect myself with a bottle of water, three snicker bars, and a pocket knife? Some instinct within me warned me that I needed to prepare. I gathered my belongings and went under the shade of a tree. Its roots were huge and I snuggled myself between them. Camping wasn't that foreign to me. I had always enjoyed being outside, and I was comfortable enough to stay here. I decided I would save the candy bars for later because who knows how long I would be traveling until I found a town or city. I needed to save them just in case. I would have to find food in the forest. In one of my college classes, I had learned about foods that were safe to eat in the wild. Getting up, I surveyed my surroundings. Even if I had a pocket knife, something else larger and sharper should be used as a weapon. Maybe a tree branch would have to suffice for a good enough weapon. I didn't really know the native animals of this land, but I doubted my pocket knife would be good enough to defend myself against them. I didn't usually like to do this, to harm nature, but I had to survive. Hey, on all those TV shows like survivor they made spears out branches right? Within no time, I had used my pocket knife to make a long branch very pointy and potentially dangerous. I swore if my tour guide found me like this, he would have laughed. A feeling inside me was urging me to protect myself though. I was about to head back to camp when I came upon some mushrooms. Some mushrooms can be dangerous, but I surveyed them. I was Ninety percent sure they were okay to eat. So that night, I used skills I obtained to make a fire and I sat there eating mushrooms and sharpening my stick. Yep, I was going to survive. "These mushrooms are so good!" I said aloud to myself. As I swallowed them, my body began to feel numb. It was like eating a rainbow, I giggled. I put more in my mouth and then I noticed all the colors around me. I was seeing double and everything turned pink. "WOAH!" I screamed aloud trying to touch the colors. MORE MUSHROOMS! I looked around but there were none. I stumbled on the roots of the tree, while picking up my bag. Everything was so hazy in my head. It was dark, but I didn't really realize it while under the influence of some nasty mushrooms. My only mission was to find more. I heard a song and looked around screaming. I looked down again and noticed I found more. I sank to my knees and laughed while picking more. "Lle holma ve' edan *You smell like human*" I heard a funny voice talking to me. The words registered in my head, even though I didn't know what language it was. Maybe, German. I turned around angry with the person that interrupted me. "BAW! *no!*" I bellowed, too high to notice I just said something in a language I don't even know. I faced the annoying voices. There were three people. I couldn't make out their faces, but they were all on horses. Why were people riding horses during the night? Why horses? Their faces blurred for me and I could not distinguish anything, but I didn't notice their pointy ears. What was this heaven? "Is she an elf?" I heard another voice ask in a language that I was used to speaking. Suddenly I was being picked up. I screamed and threw my hands in the air. Were these elves? Oh no, did they think I was one of their own? Laughter filled me as I laughed. Oh, this was so funny. "THE ELVES ARE KIDNAPPING ME HELP!" I suddenly bellowed. Where was my sharp stick when I needed it? I grabbed on to it and raised it in the air. I'm pretty sure it connected with something. Then, everything went black for the second time that day. … I knew I was dreaming. Everything was clearer than before. I should not have eaten the mushrooms. At least I was aware now. Although, I turned around and noticed I wasn't. In the dream, everything was so blurry and bright. White was the only thing I saw, but then green filled my vision. Sage eyes looked deep into mine. They were the only clear thing I could see. I wanted to scream, but no sounds came out. It was like I was under another's control. The eyes continued to stare at me, green in the bright light. The rest of the person was hidden within white light. " You must protect it," A melodious voice sang. It sounded like a woman's voice. Tears were forming to my eyes, but not because of any sadness. It was the beauty of the voice that effected me. I wanted to scream what, but nothing came out. A familiar scent rose around me, but I could not identify it. " You must protect it," the voice sounded closer. The sage eyes were coming towards me. " It is time," the voice sang. Then, I felt two palms grasp the sides of my face. The hands were soft and delicate and instantly warmed my face. My cheeks became hotter, and I felt something surge in me. I gasped, and everything returned to white once more.