it into a cough and hoping that no one had heard her. It would probably confuse them to no end if they found out that she and the girls already knew who Gandalf was. "Ah, it is good to see you, my friends." Gandalf tipped his hat to them and stood. "Gandalf… How came you here?" Aragorn asked, clapping him on the shoulder. "It took me many days and nights… But I escaped from Saruman's clutches and studied the ancient, forgotten arts that brought you all here. Finally, I was able to construct an identical… portal, I believe it is called. And now, I am here." "How can that be?" Legolas wondered aloud. "Not a full day has passed since we were sent to this place." "Time is a mysterious magic," Gandalf said mystically. "It does not always occur in the same way in every place that exists. There are many worlds beyond our own." Elizabeth, the four hobbits, and Gimli came in from the backyard, where she had been showing them the pool. "Oh, hi guys." "You said that you were able to construct some kind of portal," Boromir recalled. "Is that what resulted in the flash of light?" "Yes," Gandalf answered. "In fact, I can now create one at any time. So, we may return home just as soon as you are ready to leave." There was a moment of silence while the news settled into everyone's minds. "Excellent! I'd like to cleave me some orc-heads," Gimli said at last, breaking the quiet. "This has been a well-needed rest; but we must return and continue on our journey." "Are you sure we can't stay for another night or so?" Sam asked, glancing wistfully at the microwave. "As much as I would like to, we cannot," Aragorn said, his gaze lingering on Rachel. "Who knows what havoc Saruman and Sauron have been able to wreak while we were away." "Gandalf, where will this portal of yours bring us? I'd hate to have to start walking from the beginning," Merry said. "We were pretty far along." "If my calculations are correct, it should put us just out of range of where we were set upon by the White Wizard," Gandalf replied, stroking his beard. "I should conjure it outside, so that we do not risk damaging this lovely home." "Will you come and see us off?" Frodo asked Elizabeth. "Of course!" she exclaimed. Rachel and Ariel nodded in agreement. The three of them helped the Fellowship pack up their things, and provided them with a few foodstuffs for the road. At long last, everyone trooped outside and walked to the little park area where the travelers had first appeared. "It's awfully quiet," Pippin remarked. Gandalf looked up uneasily at the sky- something wasn't right. Even the leaves on the trees weren't rustling. "The clouds are still," Legolas noted, a tense look on his face. "And the birds are silent." "What's that noise?" Sam said suddenly, looking up at the sky. Everyone paused to listen. It was the only sound that anyone could hear- a deep, quiet rumbling sound. Rachel almost crashed into something, and her eyes widened when she realized what it was. There was a bird suspended in the air, mid-flight, as if it was frozen in time. "What…" "It is the work of Saruman," Gandalf muttered under his breath. "Everyone, gather around me. Quickly. You too, girls." They crowded around Gandalf so that they could hear what he had to say. "It is as I feared. Saruman's witchcraft has followed us into this realm. All of time here has come to a stop, and my magic is not strong enough to fix it while we remain in this reality." "What do you mean?" Ariel asked; panic bubbling up in her chest. "Is the entire planet at a stand-still? What are we supposed to do?" "The only thing I can do is bring us back to Middle Earth. From there, I will have a better chance of finding a solution," Gandalf replied gently. "Though, I cannot promise you that I can find it right away. There is a much greater evil in our land that we must first take care of." "Then everything here is frozen except us?" Elizabeth looked worriedly from Gandalf to Frodo, and then at the bird in the air. "Our families, all of our friends… What will happen to them?" "I believe that they will remain in this suspended state until I counteract Saruman's sorcery," Gandalf told her. "They will not age, nor will any harm come to them. The spell may even extend to your whole universe; not just this one planet. But I believe also that I can return us to this exact point in time, upon our return." " Our return?" Rachel asked. "You mean, we're coming with you?" "Many dangers plague our realm, my lady," Aragorn told her quietly, resting a hand on her shoulder. "But there are also places of safety and comfort. And we cannot simply leave you here, in this frozen world." Ariel's hands were shaking. Legolas's gaze softened and he took both of her hands in his own, whispering some words of comfort in her ear. "Don't worry- we'll protect you!" Pippin said gaily, as he and Merry each grabbed one of Elizabeth's hands. "We wouldn't have been chosen for this mission- quest- thing- if we weren't qualified adventurers, anyway." "What say you, fair Rachel?" Aragorn asked; his hand still on Rachel's shoulder. She glanced around, her gaze meeting with first Elizabeth's, and then Ariel's. They could either remain as the only three un-suspended living things in existence for who knows how long, or they could travel to Middle Earth, fight evil, and find a way to save their planet. She knew what her decision was… and she saw that the same choice was clear in Ariel and Elizabeth's eyes. They all knew what they had to do, and they all knew that they wouldn't regret it.