remove Alaera's dress and loosened her corset at the same time her brothers and Legolas averted their eyes when her chest was visible under a thin shift. The poison caused patches of coagulated blood to ravage her milky white skin and Alecto listened to her heartbeat, it was weak and already starting to falter and her face was deathly pale yet the girl still breathes. "My lady, please hold on and keep on fighting. Don't let it break you for you may survive this yet." Alecto begged his mistress "Bring water quickly!" Alecto yelled as Elrohir and Legolas scampered to get water. "Master Glorfindel, Master Elladan, Lady Arwen, I need you to hold her down." He said as he rolled up the sleeves of his tunic as the water arrived. Alecto instructed Legolas and Elrohir to restrain her legs. Then Alecto used part of the water to create steam directing it towards Alaera to breathe. As the pure water entered her, Alaera's eyes opened, she let out screams of unbearable pain and her body jerked but was restrained by the elves, all five of them looked at her sympathetically as tears escaped her eyes. Alecto used the freshly inhaled water within her body to separate the poisonous gas from her organs. Excruciating pain shot throughout her body causing her to thrash and the elves struggled to keep her down. All her thrashing gave Alecto a difficult time when he gathered the poisoned miasma and with one stroke he removed all of the poison from her body causing her to sleep in response to the terrible pain. Then he poured the now poisonous water in a basin and destroyed the foul liquid. Once he was done, he began to revive her life force. Life began to slip back into her, her breath has become less labored, her hair regained its brilliant shine, the black circles under her eyes were gone, the patches of blood under her skin faded to milky white, blood flooded her cheeks, and her pale lips turned into luscious pink. "The worst is over" Alecto said as the twins left. Legolas carried Alaera as Glorfindel and Arwen lead him to Alaera's chambers. They called for her maid to change her clothes into a night shift and laid her on her bed. Legolas sat by Alaera's bedside, Glorfindel and Arwen stayed. "I have a feeling that Young Alaera has conquered Prince Legolas' heart" Glorfindel observed sounding proud of the girl he saw as his own daughter "It would seem so, Master Glorfindel" Arwen agreed Alecto left them to speak with his fellow guardians. "Alecto, is our lady well? What happened to her?" Vyktaryon asked "Hyden abducted her and attempted to poison her but fortunately the Elven princeling heard her screams, got to her in time, killed Hyden and saved our lady." Alecto answered "We should have guarded her and stayed close" Helianna said then horns announced the arrival of Thranduil. "I'll take the first watch" Vyktaryon volunteered heading to the chambers of his lady Glorfindel and Lady Arwen left Alaera's chambers to greet the arriving guests but Legolas remained. Moments later, Alaera began to stir and when she woke up unable to use her powers because she was still recovering from the effects of the poison. She screamed at the sight of a stranger by her bedside. Legolas jumped to his feet and Vyktaryon rushed into Alaera's chambers to investigate. "Who are you and what are you doing in my chambers?" Alaera screamed as she shrunk back until she was on the far side of her bed "Peace my lady. He means you no harm. In fact he saved you from your treacherous brother Hyden. Unfortunately when he found you, the Breaker had spread into your organs and has started to take your life force when he reached Alecto. They restrained you and he was present when Alecto performed the extraction. No harm will come to you as long as you are with him." Vyktaryon whispered in his native tongue to calm her down "Forgive me if I startled you, my lady. I only wanted to ensure that you are safe for I feared for your life during the time you endured the pain of the poison. I am Legolas, son of Thranduil, Prince of the Woodland Realm" "It is you, who should forgive me for being ungrateful and rude to the one who came to my rescue. I owe you my life, my prince" Alaera apologized as she got off the bed and Vyktaryon went back to his post "There is nothing to forgive though I wish for a chance to know the name of the lovely young woman I saved." Legolas "My name is Alaera Aluviel of House Calcaire in Aleanarnith, daughter of Caliz, Lord of House Calcaire" Alaera said as Legolas kissed her back of her hand "How old are you my lady?" Legolas asked "I am sixteen and have already reached my maturity, my prince how about you, your grace?" Alaera asked "I am fifty and I am older than I look but in the eyes of my kind, I am still young. I have just reached the age of maturity." Legolas revealed "It shows for your eyes speak of a silent wisdom" Alaera noted as she put on her robe that hanged on a backrest of her chair "And your eyes are as clear as the blue sky itself but made more beautiful and mysterious." Legolas said as he moved closer to her "I am mysterious? You flatter me I am but a ward" Alaera said "Far too fair to be called a ward" Legolas whispered in her ear as Legolas lips almost touch hers At that moment Alecto came in her room Legolas stepped away from her "My lady, Lord Elrond requests your presence and Prince Legolas, your father has been missing you" Alecto said offering his arm to Alaera Alaera spared Legolas a longing glance and place her hand in Alecto's arm