I was not there! O my beloved brother! Boromir! Did you have any to comfort you as you lay dying? Was there any there who loved you? Your spirit left its mark as it departed, and left your face the most beautiful I have ever known it, but did you know any comfort in your last agony? And was there any who noted the passing of Denethor's son? One at least loved you enough to tend you in death, but would that it had been your kin! So near! So near to home, so near to safe return, yet you died. Not near enough for me to help, not near enough even for me to array in final splendour. Where are you now, my brother? Have I seen your body lying dead, borne down to the sea, or was it but a vision of you in death that I saw? So beautiful that I know you died doing some good thing, but how I long to know what was in your heart and your thoughts in your last hours and days! O Boromir, my brother, you have been taken from me, torn from my heart by the vicious, piercing darts which have killed you, my brother! With what anger would I have withdrawn and cast away those hated arrows that have slain my brother, Boromir, Boromir whom I loved! Your final, urgent calls for aid at need fell just within my hearing, but beyond my reach. But where now is your horn, my brother? O Boromir! Yes, the elder, and the hardier, but why did you take the quest in my place? It should have been me! When you left I cared not which one of us went so long as the quest was fulfilled, but how clearly and bitterly I see now that the wrong choice was made. You are needed here! How can I replace you, for father, for Gondor, as heir? It is a second son that is expendable, not the firstborn! You were of too great a value to risk in the wilds of the North. Why did you ask to take my place? If the risk is too great for you to let me run it, it is too great for you to run it. One of us had to go, but why you? Must I say now: Boromir was my brother? I need you still! He lay in his brother's bed in inconsolable grief, but weariness overcame him and sleep took him. He woke in the middle of the day, but not well-rested. His eyes lighted on his brother's tunic, under his hand and his cheek. He lay still for a little, tears pooling in his eyes at the renewed realisation that he would never again see his brother wearing that tunic, or any other. Then he wiped his eyes and sat up with a sigh, and smoothed and folded the tunic, kissing it gently before returning it to the wardrobe. He looked desolately around the rooms, tidy and clean with a bright fire, always ready against the return of one who now would never return. His eye lighted again on the brazier; and he did not put any more fuel on the fire. It serves no purpose now , he thought. All that burns on that fire is my hope. Boromir is beyond needing warmth, and the cold in my heart cannot be warmed by fire here. He turned to leave for his own rooms, to wash and change his clothes before seeking out his father. Faramir left his rooms, and walked steadily along the passages through which, many times in the past, he had run with his brother laughing and playing. As he came nearer to rooms of state he quickened his pace, alarmed. He could hear, faintly at first, wails and cries rising around him, the rituals of mourning. For whom? he wondered. Father said not for Boromir. Can it be for my father? Surely they would have wakened me if he had been taken ill? But did anyone know where I was? His stride lengthened further. Outside the door to the hall, through which the sounds of mourning were coming, he paused so that he could enter quietly. He passed through the door; and with a flash of relief saw his father sitting in his high black chair as usual, but his head was bowed and he was weeping, his hand resting on something in his lap. He traversed the length of the hall, knelt at Denethor's feet and laid his hands on his father's knee. "My father, what is it that has happened?" said Faramir urgently. Denethor looked at him, his face a mask of woe. Wordlessly, he lifted a fold of his cloak and showed the horn of the eldest son, cloven in two. Faramir cried out in horror. Here is the one thing that was missing from his boat. I heard its last calls, but I could give Boromir no help in his last need. And my poor brother will never return. He sat on the step below his father's chair, laid his head in his hands, and wept. Gradually the news spread through the city, and it seemed that all, as they heard the news, wept and bewailed the steward's elder son. Only the guards on duty stood silent and watching at their posts, but the embroidered tunics covering mail-clad breasts received tears which dripped from beneath many a mithril helm. And in the centre of the citadel Denethor and Faramir mourned for one whom they had loved with very great love. There could be no funeral. The next day Faramir left for Ithilien, as if nothing had changed since the making of the plans. All things readied, Faramir came before Denethor to receive his blessing. His father was a little colder than was his wont, his eyes a slightly harder, and his kiss less affectionate. He has the wrong son before him, thought Faramir bleakly.