had used the orc to cushion his fall. Quickly pulling his knives from the carcass beneath him, Legolas stood to see Heledir executing Legolas's command to stay in the tress and fire his arrows down on the orc. There were four more left to go. A particularly brutish orc charged Legolas and he was able to sidestep the large creature. The orc, once it realized its back was exposed, swung its sword wildly backwards, attempting to hit the elf. Legolas danced out of range and the orc charged once again. Legolas threw one of his knives into the orc's exposed neck and killed the creature. It dropped lifelessly to the ground a moment later. " What a mess." Legolas thought as he ran to collect his knife. Looking arund, he saw one archer and one sword bearer left. Just as he collected his sword and turned to face his next foe, who had hoped to creep up on an unsuspecting elf, Legolas was knocked backwards by a blow to his right shoulder. Hitting the ground hard, pain exploded in the elf's body and Legolas could barely think. He knew he was in danger and needed to get up, but his body would not cooperate. Legolas began to panic as stars dance in his blurred vision. How long had passed? Seconds? Minutes? Where was the orc? An equally blurred, dark shape suddenly loomed in his field of vision and Legolas tightened his grip on his knife. When the thing grew closer, Legolas heard the painful Dark Speech and without hesitation, he lashed out with his right knife. He stabbed the orc in the gut and twisted to make sure he actually killed it. His grip became slick and he could not hold onto the knife any longer as the orc hissed and cursed as it died. Thankfully, that abomination did not fall on top of him. It fell to the side and Legolas moved to stand. His vision cleared and he was able to regain his breath. Looking around he saw that the orc were dead and Heledir was making his way over, checking the bodies of the orc as he went. Legolas realized he felt his heart throbbing in his shoulder and when he looked down, he saw an arrow protruding from his flesh. With a wave of dizziness and a sudden bout of pain and nausea, Legolas firmly put his left hand onto the arrow shaft. With a mighty heave, Legolas ripped the arrow out. The pain was intense and he nearly passed out. He did however, fall to his knees. "You ripped it out? By yourself?" Merry exclaimed with shock and disgust on his face. "Oh, Merry!" Pippin whined, "Let him finish the story!" Frodo rolled his eyes at his cousins. Legolas simply said "Yes." and was about to continue when Gimli cut him off this time. "Let us see it then, elf. The scar." He said, almost haughtily. Gimli did not believe this story one bit. Elves flying through trees and talking trees no less. The blonde elf narrowed his eyes once again at the dwarf. Gimli was really pushing it tonight. By tomorrow the Fellowship might be down one member! But now he had something to prove, so he did unbutton the collar of his tunic and roughly pulled the right side down to expose his shoulder. And there it was, a scar. The skin was puckered and misshapen around the area and even Gimli had to admit, that though it was an unusual looking scar, it was indeed a scar. With a satisfied smirk, Legolas re-buttoned his tunic and continued his story. With a mighty heave, Legolas ripped the arrow out. The pain was intense and he nearly passed out. He did however, fall to his knees. Sucking gulps of air, Legolas tried to force his mind to focus and concentrate on breathing. If he passed out now, Heledir would be exposed, well more exposed, to the enemy. He would be forced to protect them both. A moment later, Legolas heard Heledir call his name and the warrior came to him to examine the wound. While Heledir poked and prodded the sensitive area, Legolas took the opportunity to examine the arrow head. What he saw gave him a chill. The arrowhead was covered in a sticky, slimy, black substance. It was most likely poison. Legolas shivered again. Who was he kidding? It was poison. Heledir must have seen the same thing he did, because the elf suddenly started talking faster than he had been and he was trying to pull Legolas up. Legolas blinked as he tried to focus on what was being said, but found that he could not. His mind suddenly felt…numb. Abruptly, the world tipped sideways and Legolas could not keep his balance anymore. The blonde elf, whose wound was now bleeding freely, lay on the ground, unable to move. He knew that he should get up, but frankly he was cold and far too tired. Heledir, who was leaning above him, looked worried though, so maybe he should get up. Legolas gave it a valiant effort, only to realize that his entire body felt numb. Legolas blinked, trying to remain awake, but everything had suddenly grown dark. All color had faded from the forest and Legolas blinked his eyes lethargically, trying to clear his vision. Shapes began to blur and swirl and a dull roar sounded in his ears. The last thing he saw were the leaves blowing in the trees above him. Hey everyone, thanks sooo much for reading! please dont forget to review the chapter. i appreciate any feedback! (and you should check my other stories too! ) For those of you who care: Nimdoron means white oak. nim is white, doron is oak Quesse means feather and Heledir means Kingfisher I always wondered where Legolas was during the hobbit. im sorry if things go off canon a bit. im calling it creative licence lol Anyway, thanks for reading!