be to swallow. He shook his head. 'Silly. It's jus' an expression.' -0- Sam tried to keep his head down and focus on what his Gaffer was doing, but he couldn't help wondering if Mr. Frodo had been annoyed with him. He didn't have to wonder long, though. Halfway through the morning, Frodo came around a wall of Ivy with a book under his arm. "Hullo Hamfast," He greeted. "Hullo, Master Frodo." The Gaffer nodded. "Hullo Sam," Frodo said on the same breath. "You look well rested." "Yes sir," answered Sam, thrilled to say the least. Frodo didn't seem annoyed at all. On the contrary. He looked as cheery as the gardens he was walking in. "I sleep real well if I'm read a story." "You liked that story then?" "Oh yes! I think it's the excitingest story I ever heard, but," Sam muttered shyly, his eyes on the ground. "I wish I knew how the story ended." "Samwise," warned the Gaffer under his breath so that Frodo couldn't hear. Sam cringed at his Gaffer's reprimand, suddenly regretting the request, but Frodo didn't bat an eye at it. "There are three more books that complete the story, but I have to warn you. We only have two." "Two sir?" Sam glanced up. "Yes. Bilbo said that four books, in all, complete the story, but that the last one was lost a long time ago. Shame. But it's still one of my favorite stories none-the-less." "It would still be worth the read," Sam agreed, feeling very scholarly. Here he was, chatting about books. And he couldn't even read! "Well, I didn't come out here to distract you from your gardening, so maybe another time?" Sam opened his mouth with the intention of saying something along the lines of, 'Oh, no sir. Yer not being distracting at all.' But the Gaffer was sitting near and he would think that Sam was just trying to prolong the conversation, being a pester to Frodo. So instead he just said, "Happy readin'." Frodo gave an amused grin. "Happy Gardening." And then he was off to the tree that Sam had first met him at. "See Da'. He doesn't think I'm a pester," Sam said, turning to face him. "Yes. Master Frodo is a pleasant lad. Now ye focus well on those Daffodils and be careful not to crush the roots. Their delicate when they're young." -0- That week was busy for Sam, learning all about gardening and such, and though he did love gardening with his Gaffer, he was hopeful that he might get a reprieve so that Frodo could read to him again. Every day, whether Frodo was studying with Bilbo inside or reading out in the gardens alone, he came by and chatted with Sam for a couple minutes at the least. Then, he would say something like, "Well, I won't bother you anymore," and go off to do his own thing. Once, Sam heard his Gaffer mutter under his breath, "Poor lad." But when Sam asked him what he meant by that, he just told him to mind his work. Finally, towards the end of the week, Frodo came out to see that the two gardeners were wrapping up early. With Sam's help, the Gaffer was ahead for once and there was nothing else to be done. "Sam, would you like me to read you the next book?" Frodo asked. Sam grinned eagerly with a quick glance towards his Gaffer for approval. "Go ahead, Sam. We're done for today." Frodo and Sam settled down under the familiar tree (a tree that would later grow far more familiar in years to come, as they would go there to read when the weather was fair). He started the second book and Sam thought that it was even better than the first. It was full of action and adventure and daring escapes, the sort of things that Sam knew he would never have the courage to do himself. But that was the magic of stories, wasn't it? Then the third book followed it, even more exciting if that was even possible, but it ended in the worst spot. Amarth and Dinelloth had just been accepted back into their woodland realm due to several of their heroic feats during their exile, but then Dinelloth had been captured by the snake's evil minions. And that was where the book had ended! "Well, that is a right shame," sighed Sam as Frodo closed the book. "Yes, but wasn't it a good read?" "Oh, best story I ever did hear, it was." They got up and walked back. "Do you suppose we can make up our own ending, Mr. Frodo?" "Oh, that's a wonderful idea, Sam! So tell me, how does it end?" "Oh, Amarth rescues Dinelloth, of course, and then they kill the evil snake together. And then," he added. "they get back home, safe and sound." "No treasure? No titles?" "Hmm," pondered Sam. "Some of that maybe, but I think they would just be happy living their old lives again, don't ye think? Maybe next time they know better not to go a-wakein' monsters." Frodo laughed at this and as usual, Sam blushed and wondered if he had said something wrong. "I guess you're kind of right Sam. It was their fault from the beginning." After this, Frodo and Sam read many, many books together when they found the time, but this story was always Sam's favorite. The years passed-eleven in fact!-and the story was all but swept from Sam's mind. Well, as usual with everything I write, it turned out longer than I planned. This chapter was meant to be a short little prologue, but it just got out of hand. Also, I have already written a few more chapters after this one to get more in to the story and to make sure I knew where I was going with this. Turns out, I do have ideas. Anyways, read and review. Uh…have a nice day.