the both of you as well, every night I worried." The two stared at one another again. Hers set into a determined frown, his in open sincerity. " I am sorry, Avaleina. Truly sorry." He repeated. When she still did not say anything he added, " Will you forgive me?" Her face wasn't able to hold onto its frown for much longer, and it soon slipped from her face. She flung her arms around him once more, whispering "I'm just glad that you are home. In one piece" Wearing a frown of his own now, he pulled back from her, and directed his gaze towards her stomach. " What this?" He did not wait for an answer before his hands reached out and gently lifted the hem of her shirt, revealing a heavily bandaged torso. A spot of blood leaked from it on her left side, not even to be concerned about, but the Princes frown deepened nonetheless She looked down, unconcerned, " We became aware of a spiders nest, far to the west, a bit over one week ago. Thranduil ordered it destroyed. There were more spiders there than we had anticipated, while I was engaged with one another thought I might look better in two pieces, rather than one." His frown remained on his face, and chased "You should not have been running like that, with such a wound" Her lips quirked upwards, " And you should not have gone tramping across Arda with an army of nine." Legolas threw his head back and let out a laugh, causing the tree's to tremble once more, " As you will" For the first time since he had spotted the Elleth, he seemed to remember his companions who stood behind them, a captive audience to their reunion. Finally, he turned back around to look at them. Gimli looked incredibly uncomfortable, feeling as if he had spied on a private moment. The hobbits were openly curious, while the other three companions only smiled at the Elleth, and Aragorn are gave a small wave. Both sons of Elrond slid off of their horses, and approached her. Both speaking in the common tongue as a courtesy for those who didn't understand the elvish language. "You are a sight for sore eyes" Elladan greeted, allowing her to kiss him merrily on the cheek before pulling her in for a hug. "And we've been traveling with this lot for weeks, my eyes are very sore indeed" Elrohir added, also receiving a kiss on the cheek and pulling her in for a hug of his own. "You are not much a pretty site yourself!" Aragorn retorted, sounding affronted, while also sliding off of his horse. "And the smells coming from you hurts my nose" One twin commented "And your snoring hurts my ears" The other finished, both smiling at their littler brother good naturedly. "Hush you two" The Elleth commented giving a small glare to the twins, and then turned her full attention to Aragorn. "Estel! It has been much too long since I have seen your face, and I congratulate you on both your betrothal and your crown" She threw her arms around the man as well, pulling back with a slightly wrinkled face, "and insist you take a bath" Instead of taking offense to the comment, the former ranger and now king only laughed. He had long since grown accustomed to such teasing, for elves had been blessed with the gift of never smelling badly after long days of travel. Or battle. Unlike mortals, who according to the fair folk, could be smelled from several leagues away. The elleth turned her attention then to the three who remained on their horses, her eyes slid easily over the two hobbits and landed solidly on Gimli. He set his shoulders straight and his back went rigid under her gaze, preparing himself for the worst of reactions. He might have sent Legolas a pleading look, at he been inclined to take his eyes off of his potential enemy, which he wasn't "This is Gimli," Legolas introduced, "He has gone across the lengths of this world onto the very gates of Mordor with me, and back again. We have fought many battles together, and he has saved my life many times. He is very dear to me" The Elleth only blinked at him a few more times, and the dwarf kept expecting to see anger or disgust in her features but there was none. Perhaps only mild curiosity. He tilted his head to her slightly in a show of respect, and was startled when she reciprocated the gesture. "And the hobbits, Pippin and Merry" Legolas indicated which name belonged to which halfing, "the bravest of their people, and quite potentially the hungriest. There are well known to the Bilbo Baggins, the one Adar named Elven Friend" She inclined her head to both hobbits as well, gracing them with a bright smile. "I am Avaleina" The elleth introduced, her eyes coming back to rest on Gimli "My dearest, and oldest friend" Legolas added, with no small amount of affection "There is not a time in my life where I do not remember her presence, and for that I am eternally thankful" She gave Legolas another bright smile, before returning her eyes once more to Gimli. The dwarf was very nearly holding his breath, preparing for the worst, meanwhile Legolas did not look the least bit concerne. "Welcome, all of you, to Greenwood. Its is a pleasure to meet all of you." She smiled at all of them once more, giving Gimi the brightest one. And the tension drained from his body, and he huffed out a breath. Revealed that there would not be a confrontation. But his back stiffened once more thought, upon the Avaleina's next sentence. Even if she said it with laughter in her voice. "Good luck explaining the dwarf to your father." … I hope you enjoyed it and please remember to leave me a review!