a lot . The young hobbit lass threw a charming smile back at him, neatly side-stepping around Pippin to head off for the pantry. "You're welcome, Pippin. I expect to see you wear it all the time, you understand?" "Certainly…" came the grumbled reply as she disappeared from sight, and Pippin gave another irritable tug to the scarf. I'll give it away as a mathom on my next birthday, he decided stubbornly. To Frodo, and he'll probably loose it. That'll show her … Turning around, intent on sneaking the leftovers of that mushroomsoup, Pippin nearly jumped out of his skin as he saw Frodo and Merry leaning out of the respective rooms they had been seated in; little dry, knowing smiles on their faces. He didn't like this. He didn't like the look of this one bit. "What?" He demanded defensively, folding his arms. Merry's grin only grew broader, turning into a smug, self-satisfied smirk . "That was very sweet of Diamond, Pip. Very kind of her that she should take the time and effort to make you your very own Yule present." "I suppose…" "Why, that's the first Yule present that a lass has made you, isn't it? Certainly the first lass that hasn't been your sister, or any immediate relative. Oh; your parents will be so happy." Pippin's mouth abruptly dropped open, his jaw coming very close to unhinging, eyes near to popping out of their sockets. Even the sight of Frodo abruptly stifling a chuckle did little to calm his nerves. The rotten little…he wouldn't … "Frodo, do you have any writing paper in there? I want to write Uncle Pal and Aunt Tina…they'll be overjoyed, Aunt Tina's been wanting a particular lass to catch Pippin's eye for months now…" He would. That horrible, sneaky, treacherous, sly… half-Took ! Aware that he hadn't managed to breath for quite a few moments now, and his lungs would be in dire need of the air, Pippin took in several deep, gulping breaths, before glowering warningly at his charming cousin. "You dare…" He growled blackly. "You…Meriadoc Brandybuck, you even dare put quill to parchment, and I'll…I'll..." "Lads, enough." Putting a hand out to prevent Pippin from disposing of the Future Master of Buckland in the most violent of manners, Frodo smoothly wiped the smile from it own face, patting his young cousin on the shoulder. "Merry, there's no need to tease; and Pippin, you deserve it. If you hadn't kept needling Diamond about her knitting skills then none of this would have happened. You could have just accepted that she might be right about something; but you had to continue, stubborn as you are." Itching to smack the grin right off Merry's face, Pippin folded his arms huffily. "You should thank me." He grumbled. "You didn't see it, Frodo. Diamond was prepared to drown you in a lake of wool masquerading as a jumper." Frodo's lips nearly twitched. "I'll take your word for it, Pip. Nevertheless, it was very kind of Diamond to make the scarf for you," tongue in cheek there, "and you should be grateful. I expect you to wear your new scarf all through this winter." "Yes, Frodo." Darkly considering rebellion, and settling instead to kick Merry solidly in the kneecap, Pippin let his shoulders rise and fall. Stubborn…that lass is just as stubborn as I am, or she wouldn't have tried to prove me wrong. I'll keep it for this year, and then see if I can't burn it with the first bonfire that's lit come the autumn… "Hoy! Peregrin Took, where's my present then?" That is if I last the autumn… Pippin corrected himself grimly. oooooooo January 3119 Huddling into his thick, fur-lined cloak, Boromir peered over the hemline to where he could just see three of the four Halflings – or hobbits , as he was beginning to remember them – curled up together, the snow pushed up away from them until it reminded him of a birds' nest. Frodo, the Ringbearer, distinguishable by his dark locks, had one arm slung around his youngest cousin, Peregrin; and on the other side was Samwise, small body braced against Pippin's other side but his head tilted upwards, indicating where he had been carefully watching his master before falling asleep. Boromir grunted with reluctant humour and affection, before wriggling deeper into his cloak, batting away the falling snow. "We'd have loved this in the Shire," came a voice from behind him, and Boromir turned to see the fourth hobbit on watch, his collar flicked up around his neck, "but right now it's little more than a damned nuisance. Can't you sleep, Boromir?" The man smiled broadly, grateful for the distraction, and nudged up enough for Merry to sit down. "Not yet. I am used to the snows, but not quite so used to sleeping amidst it yet." The hobbit chuckled, and Boromir shook his head. "If I had known I would certainly have brought thicker cloaks than these." Merry nodded in grave appreciation. "I'm sure Sam's already kicking himself for not packing in as many warm layers as he can. Still, he can't be blamed – none of us were prepared." Boromir quirked a wry glance over at Merry, before nodding down to where the youngest hobbit was turning over in his sleep, throwing out a hand which caught Sam right in the face. Both companions winced, before Boromir glanced down to where a scarf was still wrapped around Pippin's neck. "But your young cousin seems more prepared than any of you," He remarked dryly. "Indeed, I haven't seen him without it since the day we've met each other." The hobbit's brows rose, and then a small, inexplicable smirk passed over his lips. "Oh. Oh, that. No; that's not Pippin being prepared at all." "Then what is it." For one brief moment, Boromir was sure that a flicker of tenderness rippled through Merry's grey eyes. "Proof," he said, lips twitching. "Proof of the utter stubbornness of Tooks."