makin' things twice as bad as they really are," Sam grinned weakly at Frodo's exasperated look, "Really, Mister Frodo, I'll be alright." Frodo rolled his eyes, "Drat it, Sam, I thought you'd learned!" He sighed, restraining the urge to forcibly remove the pack from Sam, "Alright, I'll let you carry that pack, but if you start to lag behind, I'll have Aragorn carry you across our way, pack and all!" Sam flushed, horrified at the idea of Aragorn carrying him through the rocks and trees. Why, Mister Frodo was probably just as tired as him – and he had a heavier burden to carry. Surely it would be more fitting for him to be carried than Sam – he could easily make it by himself. "Come along, young hobbits," Gimli said gruffly, patting Frodo on the back so hard it shot the Ringbearer forward a couple of steps, "Come up to the front with me, Master Baggins, and I shall recount to you the history of our people, and the victories we won in Erebor, the Lonely Mountain." Frodo shot a panicked look at Sam, by now well-used to how long Gimli's stories could be. Sam grinned back at him, "I'd better lead Bill, Sir. You go up front with Mister Gimli." As Frodo began to walk up to the front with Gimli, he made plans to get back at Sam for this. The dratted gardener knew just how long-winded Gimli's stories were, and yet he was abandoning him to them – oh, he would enjoy thinking up a suitable punishment for this! The journey was steady, yet brisk. Gandalf led them over the rocks and slopes of the country, Legolas running briefly ahead of the wizard to scout out ahead. The stones were hard on the travellers' feet, and the wind whipped about their faces bitterly. Scowling, Pippin hitched the straps on his pack up and began to scramble up the side of the steep hill of rocks they were attempting to climb. He began to swear animatedly as once, twice, three times he slipped back down to the ground, glowering as Merry agilely hopped from rock to rock. Tooks were meant to be the nimble hobbits, he thought darkly, and once again began to struggle. "Try again, Master Hobbit!" Legolas called from the top of the hill (the elf had been able to spring up the hill on one go). Pippin growled something uncomplimentary about the elf race in general and made a valiant leap, clinging to a rock for dear life. As he pulled himself up, he looked down. Below him, Gimli was floundering in the gravel where he had landed for the sixth time, and Frodo was steadily making his way up. Gandalf and Aragorn were about half way up, and the wizard was now grabbing the hand of Boromir and pulling the man to his feet. Surprisingly, Bill the pony had managed to canter swiftly up the side, and now elf and pony were watching the rest of the Fellowship with something akin to amusement. Pippin turned around from his perch to see Sam just behind him. The hobbit's face was etched with fear, and every time he tried to grab for another hold, his hands, shaking and moist, would slip free. "Here you go Sam," Pippin said, seizing Sam's wrist and pulling the hobbit up to sit next to him. Panting, Sam dragged a hand across his face and grimaced. Pippin frowned, "You really don't look well, you know." "Thankyou, Mister Pippin," Sam grumbled, "But I'm sure I'll do fine," He sighed, shaking his head, and began to make another attempt at scaling the hill. Pippin bit his lip with anxiety as he watched the hobbit's progress. His eyes had looked awfully unfocused. "We're waiting for you, Pip!" Merry called, as Pippin sprang up onto another rock, "Come on, slowcoach!" Pippin made a face as, finally, he reached the top, "You can't rush these things, Merry," He told his grinning-cousin sagely, "But thank you for your concern." "Welcome," Merry smiled good-naturedly, cupping his hands about his eyes and looking back to where they had come, "Elbereth, Frodo! Will you look at that view?" The wind blew his hair back from his face, and he grinned as he saw the landscape light up with the sun. Woods, rivers and rocks could be seen for miles, all tinted with a golden light, "Why, that's a pretty picture and no mistake." The Fellowship nodded in assent and gathered around, looking out in wonder at the land. Sam, too, was looking out. Away from the others, he walked to the side of the precipice they were now standing on and looked down. To the left was the path they had made, and to the right, a steep slope careening straight into a gulf surrounded by forest. Swallowing, he looked up, and turned his head to the land, "My, that's a grand place we've come from," He murmured. Wiping a hand across his brow, he frowned as the headache he had been battling with to ignore pounded stronger at his skull. Oddly enough, although it was so bright and clear, the landscape was trying to swim before his very eyes. 'Strange, that,' he thought, 'What dos Eru think he's doing, trying to do unnatural things to the landscape?' He opened his mouth to voice his opinion, but no sound came out. His throat was dry and no air passed through, and his chest ached in pain. Panicking, he tried to force it, gulping down large mouthfuls of air, but still, the screaming pain in his lungs would not be satisfied. He tried to cry for help, and all went black. Frodo was the first one to turn from the sunset. Looking around for Sam, his eyes widened as he saw the small figure sway towards the brink. "SAM!" He screamed, and even as the rest turned, Sam fell across the edge and toppled into the abyss below. -0000- TBC