an emergency. Legolas put his hand on Aragorn's shoulder; "He'll be fine, Estel," "I know," was all he could say. --- Neldewin and Alagos sat at a table with mulled cider, ham roast, steamed vegetables and small pies in front of them. The feast was a gift to the people from the royal family and anyone could partake freely of the food, drink and song. A rather bawdy drinking song accompanied with a violin was currently being sung. Neldewin and Alagos sang along as well. Around them people danced or sang, or both. Waitresses brought out more food and drink for any late comers. It was after this hardy song that a man, a Captain of the army by the looks of it, stood up and whistled to get the crowds attention. The room quieted for him. The man puffed out his chest before starting hi speech; "Friends, Family and Strangers! Lend me your ale cups! Let us bless us thy King and his family for gifting us with this marvelous feast, a feast fit for a KING! None other finer King has graced our city and none ever will!" Clapping and shouts went up at this. "I officially declare this festival proper! Enjoy!" Another cheer and three shouts for the King (accompanied by the stamping of feet) as the ending toast and they all drank. Secretly, Alagos felt pride and humbled at the same time. To think that these people actually wanted his family there, his father especially, made his heart beat faster. They finished their meal and moved along so that others could take their places at the table. They deposited their dirty dishes in a tub at the exit of the large tent set in the biggest courtyard on the third level down from the Kings Audience chamber. "What shall we do first?" Alagos asked. "Let's play some games, I've saved up especially!" Neldewin giggled. "Look there," Toloio pointed to a booth. The both had plenty of hand made or carved things as a prize, the catch was to throw a wooden ball at a target that, when hit, would move the wooden platform above the tub of water and there for the victim would be 'dunked' as the booth manager described. It was an invention of his, Lion, and he was proud of it. "What do you say, little girl?" Lion asked Neldewin. He was a strapping man with curly brown hair and star lit blue eyes. Neldewin paid a penny for the fee and got a ball. She was able to hit the bull's eye and she got a carved image of Queen Arwen for her luck. "And what about you, sire?" Lion asked, his partner set up the wood platform and climbed in once again, he was covered tattoos and Alagos had a feeling that the man wasn't Gondorian, and by Lion's accent, neither was he. Alagos paid his penny, took careful aim, and got a bull's eye as well. He was secretly relieved that he hadn't been shown up by his best friend. For his own troubles Alagos received a carving of Frodo Baggins (of remarkable likeness). Lion watched as the two children and their minder walked off to another booth. "What ya thinkin' 'bout 'ion?" Lucas asked his cousin. "How we can make some fast money," Lion grinned. "How?" Lucas asked. "You know that boy that just came by?" Lion asked, he caught the boy once again in the crown. "Yeah," Lucas replied knowingly. "Well, he just ain't any ordinary boy," "He ain't?" Lucas' eyes crossed. "Naw, he ain't, he be this here's king's son," Lion pointed to the carving of King Ellesar. "Really? Ye ain't pullin' ma leg are ye?" Lucas asked. "Nay," "What you want 'im fer?" "I want you to kidnap the kid," Lion explained. "Now, we ain't never kidnapped no one afore, ye sure it's a good idear…?" "Positive, we can't go wrong with this one," Lion sneered. --- Toloio, even though h was officially accompanying his little sister and the Crowned Prince of Gondor, was technically obligated to watch for those disrupting the festival and haul any disruptors of the peace away. He hoped he wouldn't have too but as he scanned the crowd he inform Neldewin and Alagos. "If I do have to leave, don't go anywhere with any stranger's. You should find Violet and stay with her and Mistress Hollyhock," Toloio said. The two before him shook their heads in understanding. "They should be at the bakery this whole time, making up the business," "We will, don't worry about Winnie," Alagos said with a snicker. "If you weren't my best friend I'd hit you for that," Neldewin muttered crossly. "Let's go play another game," Toloio said and herded them off. However, as predicted, Toloio and some other Kings Men had been called away from their family duties to take care of their Kingly appointed ones. This left Neldewin and Alagos traversing a far familiar passageway of the city. Among the walls were vines growing with wilting leaves turning to brown. During the summer these vines would be green and look as if a bit of the wood had grown inside the white city. T'was down this passage way that one would find Violet, Neldewin's cousin and her Mistress at the bakery of which had been gifted to Mistress Hollyhock after her husband had died in the last great battle of which saw the Retune of the King. -- 1 - In the midevil era, water was pretty bad, especially in cities, so, most people (including children) would drink ale. So, that is why I have Eldarion and Neldwin dringking ale. 2 - THis is supposed to be a one shot, but I've not been able to get to the ending, I also wanted to get this up before Halloween, so, tomorrow there might be a second chapter and I shall leave it at that. But I am not as yet sure what I shall do.