wildly bouncing stirrups. "Okay, Gimli! Hold on." They were racing now, the ground flashing past at alarming speed. What really worried Gimli was not the fact that he was maneuvering the horse by himself, nor Legolas' maniacal laughter in his ears. It was the fact that he was enjoying the feeling of the wind in his face, the strong beast below him at his control and the lack of blond hair whipping him in the face. He could almost imagine the strange sight their spectators were greeted to. An Elf, holding onto the sides of a Dwarf who sat at the controls of a pure white horse, flying at top speed towards the nearby forest. "Turn him, Gimli, or we shall end up in the trees." Legolas called. Gimli gently shifted his weight as much as he dared and lightly pulled the reins to the right, turning Arod the aforementioned way. Knowing Legolas' Elvish cries behind him were more responsible then his own ability for the horse's turn, Gimli leaned back against his friend and enjoyed the feeling of freedom he was experiencing. "I'm doing it, Legolas!" Gimli cried. Legolas laughed melodically and Gimli felt him shift slightly. Wondering what was wrong, it was a moment before Gimli realized his friend was gone, no longer behind him. Turning, Gimli saw he was alone on Arod's back, the Elf laying in the grass far behind. Panicking, Gimli pulled Arod around which took a considerable amount of time and managed to get the beast down into a trot and then a walk. Jumping down (Or rather falling off) Arod, Gimli stumped over to Legolas who was laying very still in the deep yellow grass, a large rock laying next to his head. Gimli bent down and touched his friend's face. Legolas didn't move and Gimli surmised he had been knocked out. "Legolas!" Gimli cried, shaking the Elf. Legolas didn't make a sound, he was as still as death. "Legolas, open your eyes you blasted Elf!" Still, Legolas said nothing. "Oh no!" Gimli looked up at Edoras. There was a small rise blocking them, no one from their viewing party could see what they were doing. "I'm going to get help!" Gimli began stumping up the hill but realized he was too far away from Edoras. He wouldn't make it in very good time and for all he knew, Legolas was dying. Turning back to Arod, he was met by soulful, calm brown eyes. The horse was panting slightly from his exertion but seemed well enough for the task. Taking the bridle, he led the horse over to a fallen log and got unsteadily onto it before launching himself onto Arod's back. Draped over the horse, he struggled for a moment into a sitting position and took the reins. Reaching down, he hooked his feet in the stirrups and took the proper position. Riding slowly over to Legolas' prone form, Gimli looked sadly down at his friend and the cursed rock beside him. "I will get Aragorn, Legolas. Hold on." Clicking, he forced the horse into a trot and then a canter, racing back up the field towards Edoras and Aragorn. "Where is Legolas?" Aragorn asked, jumping merrily to his feet as the Dwarf sped towards them. Pulling Arod to a halt, Gimli quickly explained what had happened. Aragorn looked worried but there was something in his eyes that suggested more then fear, it was humor. Not understanding, Gimli waited until Aragorn was on behind him before letting Gimli ride them back to where Legolas lay. The Elf was still lying where Gimli had left him before. Aragorn slid off and motioned Gimli to stay on Arod. The human bent down beside their friend and tapped Legolas gently on the cheek. Instantly, the Elf opened his eyes and smiled. Slowly, his smile turned into a laugh so strong his whole body was shaking. "What is this all about, then? He is unhurt?" Gimli asked, shocked. Legolas sat up, his blond held tilted back as he laughed musically. It was an unearthly sound; one Gimli had never heard properly before…an Elf laughing in complete and undisturbed mirth. "What is so funny?" Aragorn was now smiling too, sitting beside Legolas with a hand on his shoulder. As Legolas laughed, Aragorn chuckled and turned to Gimli. "We are sorry, Gimli…I mean, Legolas is sorry. It is an ancient Elvin trick. They take their young ones out and teach them how to ride. Then, the teacher falls off and the young one has to ride back for help by themselves. Elves rarely fall off their horses." Legolas seemed to finally compose himself. "Aragorn and myself have both endured it." "It's a form of shock learning." Gimli was not at all impressed. "Here's a bit of shock learning." He mumbled, turning Arod. Before Legolas or Aragorn could stop him, he spurred the horse away down the field as fast as he dared. When he arrived at Edoras, the large group of spectators were waiting. Eowyn helped him down off Arod, worried. "Is Legolas alright? Where is Lord Aragorn?" Gimli smiled up at her, still holding Arod's reins. "They will be alright. They decided to walk home. Expect them around night fall." And with that, Gimli led Arod back into Edoras and towards the barns. The poor horse deserved a long brush and some water after all of that. It was, after all, probably just as traumatic for the horse to have a Dwarf ride away on its master, an Elf. The End I hope you all liked it, I enjoyed writing it. I'm an expert horseback rider and I came up with this idea while trying to teach my 9 year old niece how to ride. I would put her in front of me and let her steer my horse. It was so frustrating but I wondered what it would be like if Gimli was taking lessons from Legolas so this was born. Thank you all for reading!