me or my family again," "And if I win?' "You get to keep my bow and I will never say anything to anyone as long as I live," Estel replied. "I accept," Horvath said after a few moments of silence. "Good, how does right now sound?' Estel asked, holding up his arrows. "Fine by me," Horvath said. The two decided at how far the target would be set, it was at ten feet. And a coin was flipped at who would go first. Horvath smirked as the coin landed on heads. Estel shrugged and stepped back. Horvath was using Estel's own bow, it was meant as an insult, but Estel found this funny and knew that Horvath, the bad shot he was all ready, would be embarrassed beyond all belief by the end of this. Horvath took his first shot, it landed four rings away from the middle. "Damn," Horvath cursed, he glared as Estel took his own shot. Despite the fact that the bow was not especially made for Estel, it was not made for anyone else either. The bow that Estel was using was made for any Elf who needed use of it. Estel notched his arrow; he closed his eyes for a moment before opening one and slowed his breathing. He then let his arrow go, it fell three rings from the middle. "Good luck," Estel smirked as he let Horvath have his second shot. The rules of the game were, as many shots as it took, however, the first person to get an arrow into the middle of the target would win the challenge and the stipulations. "Shove off," Horvath muttered, he took his second shot. This time he got closer to the target. Horvath smirked at Estel. He was sure to win; after all, Elves had better eye site then humans. Not that it mattered, this contest was on talent alone. Estel raised his bow, the feathers of the arrow tickling his cheek. He knew that if he did not get this shot, than he would lose. He couldn't lose, he promised himself to win this contest! He had too; otherwise he would have to lie to Legolas. Not that he wanted too of course, Elrond had always taught the young human that Lying to anyone was bad. Estel closed his eyes; he concentrated on the breeze that passed through his hair. He then let his arrow go. It sung through the air, and then a thwacking could be heard through out the archery field. Estel opened his eyes, and he could hardly believe the site that greeted him. His arrow had sung straight and true, it was right in the center of the target, the shaft was still swinging back and forth from the force. Estel smiled, he felt elated! He couldn't remember the last time he had won an archery contest against an elf, sure, it had happened a couple times before, but that was only because his brothers were humoring him. Estel turned to Horvath, the elf's mouth was wide open and no one said a thing. "Well, that was fun," Estel said with a smile. "Look you…" Horvath started. "My bow, you promised," Estel held out his hand. "You cheated!" Horvath accused. "What are you talking about? I didn't cheat!" Estel replied, now he was getting mad. He had won fair and square and EVERYONE KNEW IT! "That is quite right," someone new said. Estel knew that voice! "Legolas! You're here!" Estel whooped as he hugged the older elf and his brothers in turn. "We were riding up when we saw you lot having it out, we decided to watch," Elrohir smiled. "What is this all about, Estel? Why does Horvath have the bow?' Legolas asked. "We got into a fight the other day and he took it! I'm getting it back the way Ada said I should," Estel replied. "Lord Elrond truly is gifted in wisdom," Legolas said. "I haven't seen a shot that good since that time Legolas got his first Orc square in the eye," Elladan said, examining Estel's winning shot. "I suppose this means, Horvath, that you have some explaining to do to our Adar," Elrohir gave the young Elfling a meaningful look. Estel was sort of surprised at how easily they could be as threatening as Elrond at times. The three older Elves glared at Horvath and his friends. Horvath handed Estel the bow and without another word, he and the others of his group stomped off the field. There was a moment of silence. "You told Ada?" Elladan asked. "Heck no, he'd kill me if he found out that I got my black eye from Horvath instead of it being because I was clumsy!" Estel said. "We won't tell," Legolas said. "Great! Come on, I think lunch is ready for us," Estel laughed. The four then had a great race to the house, Estel was last inside, but he didn't mind. He had just won a bigger contest. He may be a human, but he decided that he could do things just as good as any other Elf, but only in a different way. THE END A/N – Well, what do you think? I changed the plot a bit. At first, Horvath and Estel were to have a second fist fight, but I decided that it was a bit boring and that a contest would be better. Besides, what else was I supposed to have Elrond tell Estel? I didn't want Estel to be hanging off of his brother's or Legolas' hands the whole story through. I figured that his family would have given him a bit of leeway in some things. Like finding his own friends, and dealing with those who don't like humans as much as they should. I also wanted to show that maybe not all Elves were nice. Please review for me! Thank you I'M A MAN, BUT I CAN CHANGE, IF I HAVE TOO, I GUESS! (The Red Green Show)