had finally learned the rest of her fellowship's names, the two men were Aragorn and Boromir, the elf's name was Legolas, there was a dwarf called, Gimli, the hobbit's names were, Frodo, Pippin, Merry, and Samwise (Sam), and a wizard named Gandalf. Now Gandalf, Gimli, and Legolas talked about the journey, while Boromir was teaching, Pippin and Merry to sword fight, while Aragorn, Frodo, Sam, and Eleanor watched them. Suddenly, Legolas, spotted some Crebain, told them all to hide, once the Crebain flew away, they sat off again, and they soon were on a mountain that was covered in snow, Legolas and Eleanor on the top of the snow, while the others trudged through the feet of snow. Suddenly Legolas cried, " There's a fell voice on the air." and then there was an avalanche, and after they all got out of the pile of snow, they decided they must go another way, the ring bearers decided, that they would go through the Mines of Moria, the Dwarven realm of Balin, Gimli's relative. When they got to the door, they sat for hours as Gandalf tried to find the pass code, after awhile he got it and they set off into the mines. Suddenly they realized that, they were walking on top of skeletons, dwarf skeletons who had been killed by Orcs. Aragorn yelled, "Get out!", and at that moment, giant tentacles rose out of the lake near them and grabbed Frodo and Eleanor, Eleanor freed herself but Frodo was still in the monster's clutches, finally the monster released him and the fellowship ran back into the mine, the monster tried to follow, but an avalanche, crashed down on him, and blocking their escape from the mines. Tiredly, Gandalf said, " With this passage blocked it is a four day trip to the other side." After days of walking they reached Balin's tomb, and soon after, noise created by Pippin, there were Orcs attacking them, and they brought a cave troll, cave trolls are twice the size a normal man, and three times as large. After what seemed like forever, the cave troll cornered both Frodo and Eleanor, two large iron stakes in its hands, suddenly it stabbed Frodo, and when Eleanor tried to go to him, the troll, swung the other stake, at her, it hit her and sent her flying across the room, where she slammed against the wall, a giant gash in her stomach, knocking her unconscious. After, they killed the troll and won the fight, the others ran to check on Frodo and her, Frodo, amazingly, was still alive, because of the protection he had on, but the determined that Eleanor was dead, and Frodo took her ring and they proceeded sadly with their journey. Soon they arrived in Lotherian, another elven realm, Galadriel and Celeborn the rulers, came to talk to them, Celeborn said, "Eight there are here but ten set out from, Rivendell, where is Gandalf, for I much desire to speak with him?", quickly they explained how Gandalf died after fighting a Balrog. Then Aragorn said, how they too lost Eleanor, the other ring bearer. Suddenly, a cloaked Elf came to the top of the stairs at, the bottom of which all the others were, and then in a mysterious voice she began to talk, her face was covered by the hood and the rest of her body was covered by the cloak, "I know of whom you speak," she said, "But do not be sad for those who are not lost." "Are you saying she is still alive?" asked Merry, "That's impossible, we saw her, she was dead!" "Things are not always as they appear, young hobbit", said the elf as she removed the robe and revealed Eleanor's beaming face, "For I am very much alive." she said in her normal voice. Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, and the rest of the fellowship stared up at her and watched amazed as she walked toward them, again clad in elven wear. As she neared the bottom of the stairs, Celeborn raised a hand to help her down the rest of them. "Welcome," she said, "to Lothlorien, realm of the elves and my home." As they settled down for the night, she and Legolas were talking, some of the others were listening, "I woke up and everything was silent, bodies surrounded me, but you were all gone. So I ran and ran till I found my way out. I didn't know which way to go so I just let my feet guide me. As soon as I entered the forest the elven army greeted me and escorted me to Celeborn and Galadriel." Legolas gazed deeply into her eyes, "So you are the one, the prophesized one." Gimli snorted, "What kind of rubbish are ya talking about now elf?" Legolas glared at him, "It was said that one day a lady would come clad in strange clothes in a time that the whole of Middle Earth was in peril, born of Celeborn and the Lady Galadriel to save us." Eleanor tried to stifled a laugh, "Me? Please I can't save anyone," her eyes went off into the distance and sighed, "Not even the people I love." They looked at her, "What happened?" Pippin asked. "I've never had a home before, Mary and Jacob were the closest things I have ever had for parents. They took care of me for ten years, teaching me and loving me. Then one day Mary got sick, bad. There wasn't anything we could do, I watched over her, tried to keep her comfortable, but that wasn't enough she needed a doctor; we didn't have the money. So we just watched her slip away. I guess Jacob couldn't handle it so he went to a bank to get some money and he got shot, then a few hours later Mary died too and I was all alone." Eleanor shook out of her reverire and stared at the fellowship, tears welling in her eyes."