what kind of an elf he was. "Sit yourself," Erestor broke the silence, sitting at the sofa near one of the doors to the terrace. Candles lit up the space around the two elves as Glorfindel sat near the dark-haired. Two glasses were soon filled with the Dorwinion wine and the strawberries laid forgotten on the table for a moment until Glorfindel's sight fell on them and they were doomed to be eaten by the blond's next words. "Eat, my friend. These are the finest strawberries you can ever imagine," smiled Fin. "I personally borrowed them from the cook…" Erestor lifted an eyebrow. "Borrowed them?" "Oh don't look at me like that," murmured Glorfindel with a grin on his face. "After all, I am the one sacrificing myself each day for the sake of Imladris. It wouldn't be a problem…" "Anyway, dear friend, I do not enjoy strawberries," interrupted him the Chief Councilor and took a sip of the wine. "Don't be foolish, love, I am certain you love strawberries," laughed Fin, not realizing fully what he had said. Obviously, Erestor didn't either for he only said: "Foolish? So if one does not have your tastes, he is foolish?" the advisor raised an eyebrow. "Yes, he is," nodded Fin, a wicked gleam in his eyes as he took one strawberry and lifted it to Erestor's full lips. The advisor shook his head in attempt to show his dislike but Glorfindel didn't give up that easily. "Come now, just this one. If you don't like it, I won't insist. But you have to be honest," he said to the chief councilor in a way a mother would speak to a child who didn't want to eat its breakfast. "I will find out if you lie." Erestor huffed and nodded, eating the strawberry right of Glorfindel's fingers. The warrior looked stiffened for a moment before returning back to normal and watching as Erestor slowly ate the fruit. "I guess it's not that bad…" murmured the advisor. "But it evokes memories I have no wish in remembering." Glorfindel frowned. "Memories?" Erestor nodded, looking everywhere else except the warrior. "You can trust me, my friend." The Chief Councilor looked rather skeptically at the blond next to him. "It's nothing that important. Strawberries just remind me of my family. That's it," Erestor finished, taking unconsciously another fruit from the bowl. Glorfindel looked understandingly at his friend and quietly asked: "What were they? Your family?" Erestor opened his mouth to answer, his eyes wandering but no sound came out. Glorfindel realized it was probably a bad idea asking and added: "I am sorry, my friend, I shouldn't have asked…" "No, it is ok. I just… Their passing holds a great influence at me and… It is hard." Erestor lifted his eyes once again to meet Glorfindel's. Those unearthly eyes, so enchanting to the advisor… Why was Erestor resisting them when he could make things so much easier? Why wasn't he admitting what he truly felt? Because of others who wouldn't understand? They could be discreet, he and Glorfindel. It wasn't necessary for the others to know. Erestor leant forward once again, his ebony hair capturing Glorfindel's thoughts… Erestor touched the sweet lips of the warrior, afraid he would hurt him. But Glorfindel didn't move, didn't scream and back off. He was just waiting. Erestor's hands stroked the shining hair, his own lips moving closer to those of the other elf. The chaste kiss was now becoming so much more passionate. Feelings passing, pure as the first snow yet shining with the denied want. Erestor, for a first time in his life, couldn't think but he needed not. He just let himself do whatever his heart told him. The Chief Councilor broke quickly the kiss as his senses returned to him, leaving him and Glorfindel breathless. The blond was looking straight at Erestor's eyes. What now? Did this mean they would be lovers? Did it mean Erestor finally stopped being afraid of what he felt? "Lord Glorfindel, I think it is time for you to go," said firmly the advisor as he stood up, successfully hiding every emotion. "No," answered as firmly Glorfindel and got off the sofa too. His eyes were glowing with the same anger as they always did concerning Erestor. Not an anger of hate or disrespect but an anger caused by the stubbornness Erestor possessed. "No! It is time for you to stop hiding from yourself. You know well what others speak of you – that you are cold-hearted, incapable of loving, but I have seen you. The way you held the twins, and Arwen. The way you smile only for them. How you are able to give everything you have for the ones you love… Why are you so afraid of me? Have I not proven myself in your eyes? I have never touched another after I …" "Oh please, Glorfindel, it is nothing like that. You know the way we feel is not right. It is not natural! What would lord Elrond say? What would our friends say? Can you bare their disgust if they find out?" Erestor cried out, desperately wanting the other to understand him. "I don't care! Do I look like a care?" Glorfindel was frantically gesturing, everything he held patiently inside him, now bursting out. "I care for you." The blond stopped moving, panting slightly at the intense of his words. He took few steps closer to the Chief Councilor who was now standing still, his eyes shining. Glorfindel caressed one of the cheeks, sending shivers of pleasure and nervousness down Erestor's spine, and with a pained expression said pleadingly: "If you love me, if you really do, we could be discreet. No one would know." Erestor just looked at the warrior, a tear escaping from a sobbing eye. Then he slowly nodded and wrapped his slender arms around Glorfindel's waist, his head resting on a strong shoulder. "Stay with me tonight." -Mae govannen - well met