off through the barn but there was no one there. It was probably just his imagination. Going back to his work, Legolas was again interrupted by a small snapping sound far behind him. Straightening, he turned again, opened the pen door and peered down the main walkway. There was no one there. Putting the pitchfork against the wall, Legolas made his quiet progress out into the main walkway and cleared his throat as the musty, dank, putrid smell of horse manure met his nose. "Hello?" He called out. His only answer was the call of a bird outside and the shifting beams of sunlight coming in through the many windows near the roof. "Is anyone there?" Legolas called again, moving up the barn towards the main door. Silence answered him but he knew he was not the only presence in the barn. As he passed one stall a strange, distorted black shape in a stall to his left made him jump sideways in fright. Gaining his composure and feeling slightly stupid, he saw it was just the hairy black suit he had worn the night before while climbing the tree to scare Estel. Stupid piece of clothing, really, and why the twins had it was still an unknown to him. Laughing in relief, Legolas began moving back towards his work when he was again stopped by a sound near the barn door. A smile crept across his face as the words; "Evil Human" came to his mind. "Estel." He whispered to himself, turning around to look at the barn door. "Okay, Estel." He called out. "I know you're there, you may as well show yourself." Silence greeted him. Legolas moved off down the isle cautiously but composed. When he reached the barn door and looked around into the deepest shadows of the stalls, he found them empty. A little worried, Legolas turned swiftly when there was a sharp crack behind him and the barn door closed with a snap, shutting off it's beam of light. Elrohir, who was taking out a bucket of soapy water to dump in the trees nearby, heard the piercing scream from the barn. The sound chilled him. It was a terrified, high pitched, unearthly scream. Dropping his bucket and beaconing some Elves nearby, Elrohir raced across the leaf strewn ground and pulled open the barn door. Legolas fell out, clutching his chest and panting, his eyes wide and terrified. Elrohir grabbed his shoulders and shook the distraught Elf who didn't respond. A note fluttered through the open door and onto the ground at Legolas' feet. The Elf didn't move to retrieve it but Elrohir did. He snatched it up and peered at it worriedly. " Love Estel " it read. "Evil Human!" Legolas growled, trying to catch his breath. That night was a quiet affair. The three who were being punished had to eat alone in the back kitchen. It was probably just as well, because if they got their hands on the little human who would be sitting at the table in the main hall, they would have killed him. On the other hand, it might have been better had they been in the main hall, because then they wouldn't have had time to contemplate the fate Elladan had awaiting him. "We have to get him before he gets us." Elladan said, stabbing his potatoes. He talked as if he had not a care in the world but the others knew differently. It was two down, one to go. "What can we do?" "I'm out this time." Legolas answered, continuing to make a 'house' with his green beans. "You can do it yourself. I fear retribution." "Nadorhuan." (Cowardly dog) Elladan hissed at his friend angrily. Legolas didn't answer or make any motion that he had heard him. He simply began constructing a roof on his bean house with his potatoes skins. "Elrohir, you're with me." "Not today." Elrohir answered. "I'm with Legolas. Estel is a master we have never dealt with before. He may best us all yet…and he's just a child." "It is not fair." Legolas muttered moodily, staring at his 'house'. "He's an Evil Human." "So we have heard." Elladan snapped. "Fine. He won't get me." Getting up from the table, Elladan grabbed his plate and moved off to the sink. At the other end of the room, Estel sat listening at the door with a smirk on his face. Well, Legolas and Elrohir had conceded defeat. Now he had to bring down the master of tricksters…it was Elladan's turn to fall from grace. Slinking back into the shadows, he moved off to his brother's room and sat in the shadows, waiting. Elladan retired to his room shortly afterwards. He wasn't afraid of his little brother…or so he continued to tell himself. Lying down on his bed with his clothes on along with the lights, Elladan closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep. A short time later, they all heard the screams coming from his room. That night, Estel slept soundly, without a disturbance. In fact, all the Elves in Rivendell slept more soundly then they ever had before…except three young elves. Elrohir, Elladan and Legolas had fortified Legolas' guest room and were now huddled together on the bed. Lamps and candles blazed around the room until it was like day inside, so bright, anyone walking below would have to shield their eyes from the light coming through the window. On the bed before them was a note, the note that had been left to them at the scene of the last scare attack. They all glanced at it nervously before returning to their vigil of the door, window and dark spaces (Though there were hardly any). " To Elrohir, Elladan and Legolas. I will be back. Love Estel." "Evil Human." Elladan muttered. The other two nodded nervously and shifted anxiously. Fin Well, I hope you all liked it. I wrote it at two in the morning. LOL. Remember to review!