something grave, and he stares out over the silver ocean of grass with his steady gaze unblinking. "I should know by now what disturbs you." He murmurs. There's a moment of silence, one where Faramir turns back to his older brother with widening eyes. "Yes, of course I know. Don't look so surprised." Boromir's lips twists up into a gentle smile. "It's that young man in your dreams who is troubling you again, is it not?" Faramir swallows and gives an anxious, barely perceptible nod. "The girl. . . .he was with that girl again, this time." He admits quietly. And tries to ignore the unpleasantly bitter aftertaste filling his mouth after he says it. Not to mention the fact that his brother is watching him now. So he feels his face grow warm beneath the inquisitive stare, though Boromir obviously can't read his mind. Or he hopes that he can't, because it does unfairly seem like he can, sometimes. . . . "Well, perhaps they are friends." Boromir suggests. Faramir snorts. "Unlikely." Which only conveys the wrong message entirely about this situation, making his face go from merely warm to burning hot as he looks down upon the rooftops of Minas Tirith. "What I mean is, um," He clears his throat. "They seem to be closer to one another than friends. That's all." Boromir shakes his head and claps his brother on the shoulder reassuringly. "They could be siblings, then. You shouldn't worry so much. They are only dreams, are they not?" The question echoes around in Faramir's head with an intensity to make his temples pound. They are only dreams. . . .but. . . . The young Captain shrugs, as if to react indifferently. When really, something gives a sharp and painful tug in his chest at the bluntness and. . . .logicality, of Boromir's statement. If they are only dreams, then why does seeing him with that girl bother me? I certainly don't know either of them, and have no cause to dislike this girl. . . . By the Gods, what in the name of Arda is wrong with me? "Sometimes they feel. . . .as if they could be real." Faramir reveals, somewhat embarrassedly. "In a different time, in a very different place. . . .in a whole other world. Perhaps." Boromir gives him a long and thoughtful look. "Then maybe they are." Faramir raises an eyebrow, but says nothing. His stomach gives an unpleasant somersault. He can't say anything, because, he can't bring himself. . . .to. . . . "What I mean is that dreams. . . .they are odd, mercurial things." The elder sibling attempts to explain. "And they usually can be hard to understand; yet often there is more to them than first meets the eye. If you are dreaming of these people in this bizarre land, then there must be a reason for it." Boromir pauses, before shaking his head and chuckling. "I'm sorry. That didn't sound as well as it did it my mind." But Faramir truly appreciates the gesture. His brother, despite his modesty, has always had a way with language that he himself just doesn't really. . . .possess. At least, not quite on the same magnitude as Boromir does. Charisma, it's called . Or something like that. "No. I mean, thank you." Faramir manages an awkward smile. "It sounded fine. And maybe. . . .you are right. But then, I couldn't even begin to imagine what they might mean. I've been having these dreams for so long now, I can hardly remember when they started." "Have you been able to catch a name? Either of the man or the girl, or where they are from?" Boromir wonders. "Because you have mentioned that their language. . . ." Faramir's smile broadens into something more genuine. "Other than the fact that their language gives me a headache? Well, the girl has only mentioned one word I can grasp in Westron: 'coal.'" "'Coal?'" Boromir repeats, thoroughly amused. The young Captain grins. "It's what she calls him, so I gather that must be his name." "Or a highly unusual pet name." They share a moment of light laughter. It's overwhelming, how much better Faramir can feel about himself and this predicament after a simple talk with his brother. And it isn't as if he has anyone else to speak with about these matters, anyways. Which he doesn't. "So, you don't think I'm mad?" He asks. It's as if a crushing weight has been pushed off of his chest. The laughter must have helped. "No, Faramir." Boromir smirks. "Well, no more than anyone else does, I reckon." "That makes me feel so much better." Boromir gives his sibling a punch in the arm. "And this is always what I aim to do, brother. Now go and get some sleep, you look utterly exhausted." Faramir grins dryly, but is quite aware that he has dark circles beneath his eyes. "Your honesty is humbling." "And you were expecting otherwise?" Boromir feigns a look of shock, which just makes Faramir punch him back as he starts along the stone path to his quarters. "Goodnight." "Good morning, actually." And it's true. The blackish tinges of midnight have long since begun to give way to the rosy tendrils of dawn, creeping steadily across the horizon. Faramir rolls his eyes, but it takes a long while for the satisfied grin to leave his face even after he enters his room. What was I so upset about? Dreams are dreams. Nothing more. He shakes his head and chuckles quietly to himself. Boromir is right: I do worry too much. XXX Is it any good? Well, I appreciate whoever stuck through to the end of the chapter, at any rate. 'I' like this story, and I think I've got a pretty decent plot for it, too. Let me know what you think so far; flame if you must, but, really, I'll only ignore you and keep posting anyways.