to laugh uncontrollably. Needless to say, Glorfindel was not amused. Neither was the half-elven's children; they all began to wail harder. "ELROND EARENDILION, I SWEAR - " Glorfindel roared. "Gofi, don't be sad - " "How did this happen?" Elrond said, trying to recover (and failing badly). "I thought I told those four to comfort you. And now you're the one comforting them." "Goooofiiii!" Glorfindel called him something rude, impolite, and unsuitable for any elfling of any age's ears. "Well, go on, help the poor elf," Celebrian snickered, unable to contain herself. She'd appeared next to Elrond, and was nibbling on a roll. As always, her hair was impeccable, her dress without smudges or wrinkles, and her eyes shimmering with unconcealed mirth. Glorfindel saw her and went indigo. "You and your accursed genes," he cried. "Arwen not only cries like an angel, she and her siblings are just as sneaky as you two. Plum juice - squirrel fish trees - nicknames - babysitting - All I wanted was a nice night. IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK FOR ?" "Well, I admit this turned out far more… extreme than I had anticipated," Elrond said slowly. "THAT MUST BE THE UNDERSTATEMENT OF THE YEAR," Glorfindel shouted, tears beginning to make his eyes sting. Life was so unfair. Why was everyone targeting him today? "I'm going to bed now, and not even you, young man, can stop me. So there !" "I haven't heard Glorfindel call me 'young man' in years," marveled Elrond. "I haven't heard Glorfindel say 'so there' in centuries ," his wife shot back. Elves peeked out from within Imladris, yawning and rubbing their eyes, wondering what all the commotion was about. "Is it morning already?" Lindir said, clutching his knitted bear. "I smell plums," Silinde added, sniffing loudly. "Glorfindel, what are you doing ?" Galdor said, appalled. "Leave me be ," Glorfindel moaned, as Celebrian collapsed in a fit of giggles. Elrond knelt down, grinning like an adolescent elf. "Well, did it work, Gofi?" he asked cheerfully. "Did what work," Glorfindel snarled. He was this close to throwing a hissy fit. More elves were appearing, blinking at the rush of sunlight, and staring at him. And calling him weird names. "Did their company and plum juice work?" Glorfindel fell silent, and his eyes widened in realization. He could no longer felt his heart pumping red-hot fire into his veins. He could no longer see gold and silver shining, scarlet pooling, black and red reeling in fury. He could no longer hear voices begging him for help, shouting for weapons, calling his name again and again and again. "... Yes, I suppose so." Elrond studied him closely, then nodded. "What if it… comes back?" Glorfindel said quietly. "I've had enough death. No - I've seen and heard and felt it one time too many. Will it ever leave?" Elrond did not have to ask him to know that he was talking about the darkness that always edged his dreams and waited at every corner. He stood, offering his friend a hand. "No, I don't think it'll ever leave," he said reflectively. "At least, not in this life. If you think you can't bear the burden of it anymore, I'll organize a ship for Valinor immediately. I am sure you will find peace there. But if not - " He shrugged. "Many elves have their shadows. They keep them, deciding to remain in Middle Earth with their loved ones. Your shadows are deeper than mine. No doubt they won't leave you - not entirely, anyways. But there is always hope, isn't there?" "You have friends and family here," Celebrian added, smiling. "People who love you. Who want to take care of you. And, coincidentally, who want to wail and cry all over you," she added, giving her children a dry glance. "But that's only if you let them care for you. If that's not enough to keep back your dark memories, I don't know what will." Glorfindel took Elrond's hand, heaving himself up and trying not to grimace about the weight he was carrying on his back. But Arwen and Estel slowly dropped into their mother's arms, and the twins clambered down without any prompting, much to his pleasant surprise. That didn't mean he was very happy about the half-elven's words, though. Glorfindel stabbed a disgruntled finger at Elrond. "I'm not that old," he snapped, giving the elven lord the stink eye. "I think I can handle my life by myself. And I don't appreciate you setting up traps for me using your children and Thranduil's dubious drinks, either. But - " He paused, and his face flickered begrudgingly. "I don't mind your children fussing over me," he muttered. "And I don't mind staying here. I think Valinor can wait a while." "Oh?" Elrond raised his eyebrows. "What is this sudden change of mind?" "I like the people here," Glorfindel mumbled, his voice dropping. Celebrian noted brightly that his cheeks were stained slightly red. " Andbesidesit'smyhomenow ." The idiotic and aggravatingly smug-looking son of Earendil had the cheek to feign deafness, the nerve of him. He cupped his hand around his ear, beckoning in an exaggerated fashion. "What?" he drawled. "I didn't hear you. Come again?" A vein popped in Glorfindel's forehead, and he growled deep in his throat. "I SAID," he bellowed, face red from either anger or embarrassment, or both, "IT'S MY HOME NOW. HAPPY?" "Quite," replied Elrond, looking very self-satisfied. "Home… eh?" And Glorfindel looked over the beautiful, flourishing valley: squirrel fish trees, empty plum juice bottles, softly weeping children, and all, and, with some reluctance, but much happiness, nodded in agreement. Suddenly, there was a high-pitched screech mere inches away from his ear. Glorfindel clapped both hands over his ears, spinning around, only to see Elrond clutching his white-as-milk face, eyes bugging out. His finger shook as he pointed vaguely, mouth gaping open like a fish's. "Glorfindel, you little Balrog, why are my stairs purple ?"