you there" Mr Cameron walked into the room and strutted up to her "Would you like to see mine…" Trinity shook her head no "Really, oh well" He sighed turning around and paused for a moment "but I think I would like to show you anyway" he spun around and caught her in the side of the head, knocking her to the ground where he proceed to kick her. She managed to fend off most of the kicks but many still landed in her ribs and gut. She threw her legs out catching him in his ankles and knocking him to the ground, she rolled backwards, pulling out her daggers that she had strapped to her ankles as she did, and stood up to face the group. "You really picked on the wrong person here…MATE" she sneered kicking him in the face and knocking out a guard behind her, she threw on dagger catching another guard in the arm and pinning him to a wall, she used the other dagger to dislodge a chair that a guard was planning to hit her with. All of a sudden there was glass smashing and the room was filled with yells and screams of the FBI who had just crashed threw the roof. Trinity gave a sigh of relief as she smiled at the guys who had just filled the room. "It's about time you guys got here; you were missing all the fun" She laughed "Now if you don't mind I want to speak with Jasmine, now if possible" The guy just looked at her and smiled "Right away, Miss Daniels" "Please call me Trinity…or hot stuff, what ever comes naturally" She said causing him to laugh again. "YAYAYAYAYAY Thankyou for coming to see that with me…wasn't that the best movie ever?" Trinity squealed as they exited the cinema, they had just seen Lord of the Rings: Return of the King, thanks to much persistence from Trinity. "I really don't know how you managed to let them go see a movie after all that just happened" Jasmine sighed as the walked down the street. "What…oh that, c'mon that was 5 hours ago, get over it. BUT HOW GOOD WAS THAT MOVIE" She shouted causing Jasmine to laugh. "Yes it was great, I will admit that, but next time I am picking the movie…OK?" Trinity jumped up on a fire hydrant. "Okey dokey artichokey" She laughed as she jumped into the quite street, too quite for Jasmine's liking. "It's too quite" Jasmine said stopping, Trinity turned to her. "That's because it's 3 in the morning, normal people are asleep" "Well, what does that make us then?" she argued "We're special" Trinity smiled at Jasmine who was still frowning "C'mon, I'm actually hurting quite a bit, not that I'm complaining or anything, but I'm kinda tired since I actually had to work" "It still doesn't feel right" "That's because you ate so much popcorn" Trinity stated as she waved to a couple walking into an apartment building. "Listen; there is no wind, no birds, no nothing" "That's because they are all asleep and there is no wind, just stop your worrying…" but before she could finish her sentence the ground started to shake. "HOLY CRAP" She yelled as Jasmine ran over to her, but as she did the ground shook harder knocking her down. "JAS" Trinity yelled trying to crawl over to her. All of a sudden the ground started to open up right under Jasmine. "Trinity HELP" She yelled as she fell, Trinity threw herself at the growing hole and grabbed her hand just before she disappeared, Trinity could hear the yells of people in the background, but she ignored them and concentrated at getting her best friend out of the hole. She pulled Jasmine until she was able to grab hold of both her hands and pulled her almost all the way out, but luck wasn't on their side that night because as she pulled her up the ground underneath them both gave way and they tumbled down into the black oblivion that was the middle of the earth. "JASMINE" "TRINITY" Their cries echoed through the rising morning. Four loan figures and a pony walked through the woodland heading towards the mountains in the distance. "Strider, how long will it take to get there?" One of the smaller beings asked the larger being. "2 days or 3, Sam, no longer than that I suppose if we keep up this pace" The figure known as Strider said. "But if Mr. Frodo is hurt…" but a hand shushed Sam into quietness. "What is it?" One of them whispered. "I am unsure" Strider whispered back, trying to pin point the voice, he looked all around but even with his keen sight he was unable to find them. "Look Up there!" Sam said pointing to two black figures falling form the sky. "What is it?" "I haven't the faintest" Another said, but Strider beckoned them to hurry. "Come, we must move" He said moving in the direction of the falling figures. "JASMINE" "TRINITY" WOW would ya look at that, I have written the first chapter, I know you were probably waiting for the next chapter of my POTC fic but I had to write this, it's been Hacking away at me. "Something was hacking at you?" Legolas asked "Was it me?" Elladan asked. It's a figure of speech, Legolas and no it wasn't you Elladan. "So if it wasn't them, was it me?" Elrohir also asked. IT WAS A FIGURE OF SPEECH Elrohir cowers I'm sorry Elrohir, it's just its 3.00am, so lets go to bed. "Aren't you going to post it?" Legolas asked No, I'm tired so I think I'll post this in the morning, Care to join me in bed, boys? "Sure" Elladan said happily. "ELROHIR!" The other elves shouted "WHAT?" He asked innocently Cackles insanely taking Elrohir to my bedroom NIGHT BOYS "He is lost!" Groaned Elladan "I'm afraid so " Agreed Legolas.