children, though Garavon came a pretty close second. "It's okay, ion nin , you are not going to be in trouble. They deserved it. However, we have to lay some ground rules before this whole situation gets out of hand. For that reason, we are going back inside to sort this out. But you are not in trouble. None of you are. Come on." Thranduil held out his hand, and waited patiently. After a moment's hesitation, Legolas took it. Lothwen quickly grabbed his other hand, and Thranduil nodded at Belegon and Tordir, before turning to the staring Noldor without missing a beat. "Shall we go inside now?" Elrond nodding in mute agreement. It would seem that Thranduil had no end of surprises up his sleeve. "This has to stop, now, before anyone does something they will regret." Elrond looked sternly at his sons, who squirmed in their seats. "I don't know what inspired you two to pull that ludicrous prank a few days back, but you deserve that pink hair. You're all even now, which is why Thranduil and I are stopping this before it gets any further." Thranduil, who was sitting between Lothwen and Legolas (each of them were cuddled into one of his sides; Thranduil had one of his arms around each of their shoulders) nodded in agreement. "Elrond is right. There will be no repercussions for what you did my children, but no more pranks will happen while we are here. Not on the twins or anyone else. We are all going to be nice to each other, and enjoy the rest of our time here without any incident. Promise me that?" While Thranduil was speaking calmly sitting there cuddling two of his adult children, the thread of steel in his voice caused everyone, Elrond included, to take careful note of what he said. Legolas, Lothwen, and Tordir immediately nodded in agreement. "Yes, Ada/Ada Adaenin, we promise." (father of my father; Tordir) They chorused, somewhat subdued. Belegon said nothing, and his father glared at him for a full minute-and-a-half before he gave in. Elrond watched the whole process with awe, wondering how Belegon did not wilt and die under the force of that glare. "Fine. I promise no more pranks while we are here. But they have to promise as well." The Crown Prince was glaring very pointedly at the twins as he said that, and Thranduil nodded. "They will promise the same, won't they, Elrond?" Suddenly finding a watered-down version of Thranduil's glare directed at him, Elrond nodded hastily, and turned to his sons. Who, he noticed, were wilting under Belegon's glare. Like father, like son, apparently. "What Thranduil said applies to you as well. Promise me that there will be no more pranks while we have guests here?" The twins nodded hastily, and breathed a not-so-subtle sigh of relief when Belegon dropped his glare. "We promise Ada." They chorused in unison. Thranduil nodded. "Good, that's settled. Now, since I have a fair idea who thought up this revenge…Belegon. Would you please tell the twins how you removed the dye?" The Crown Prince nodded and turned to face the sons of Elrond. They looked like they'd just bitten into something very sour upon hearing that an elf older than their father (with a glare to rival Thranduil's) was responsible for their humiliation. "Fine. Soak the hair in alcohol. I discovered quite by accident that it removes the dye without damaging the hair. At least, it did for me." Elladan blinked. "Alcohol?" Belegon nodded. "Alcohol." Elrond could not hide his relief at hearing the cure was so simple. Elrohir, however, wanted more confirmation. "Any particular type of alcohol?" Belegon shrugged. "I wouldn't know, I just used some old ale we had hanging around. It worked." None of the Noldor elves were game to ask how Belegon knew all this. Truth be told, they were all in awe of the older Sindar's, Elrond included. That tended to happen when someone had known you from the time you were an elfling. Though, Elrond reflected, Belegon certainly did not act his age most of the time. Thranduil, very satisfied with the outcome of their little conversation, stood up and looked around at the group. "Now that's all sorted, I'm off to spend some time with my wife. And I think you lot need an early night. Tordir can't stop yawning, and no wonder, if you really stayed up all last night?" Belegon fell into step behind his father, and nodded. "We did. All night long." Thranduil shook his head, even as a smile so small it was practically invisible (especially in the dark) made itself known on his face. "Dedication. If only you showed that dedication to helping me run a Kingdom. Speaking of that, I wonder how Golwendir and Garavon are managing in my absence. Golwendir is probably ready to pull his hair out, but he did volunteer to stay behind." Belegon grinned. "Happily for me." Thranduil rolled his eyes as he directed the younger children to their rooms. Even though none of them were under 700 years old, they were still his children, and always would be. "Happily for me as well. I get a nice vacation, while they sweat over the changes the latest Lake Town Master wants to make to our trading contract." Royals visiting Imladris: Thranduil Tathardis Belegon Lanthirwen Tordir Legolas Lothwen Coliel Celebiel (The Mirkwood twins are just babies in this. As it takes place early in the third age, Elrond's sons are their canonical ages, so have passed their majority, but haven't gotten much further then that.) Preview of next week's story: Public Relations Thranduil was crouched in the middle, cradling an unconscious Legolas in his arms. Around them lay many more unconscious guards. The Master of the town was laying across from them, also out cold. Golwendir looked at his father in panic. " Ada? What happened? What's wrong with Legolas? Are you hurt?" Reviews make me (and Plot Bunnies) very happy!