heart stop with those words. He looked around, and then to his lap. This couldn't be true. Legolas was too strong for the evil king to take. He couldn't be… no. He wouldn't think that way yet. "How… How has he been taken?" Aragorn asked carefully. He feared for his friend's life. "When Sauron had you at his feet, unconscious and bleeding badly, Legolas stopped him from killing you in exchange for his own life." Gandalf said as he blew out another puff of smoke thoughtfully. The hobbits wouldn't meet Aragorn's eyes, and Gimli looked as if he were on the brink of tears (though he'd never admit to it. Dwarves never cry for such things.). Aragorn rolled his feet of the bedroll, trying to ease himself into a sitting position. "And… is that all we know so far?" He asked, fearing that the beautiful elf would indeed be dead. He couldn't… wouldn't accept that. Legolas was a kind soul, and a good man. Aragorn had always felt blessed to be in his presence, since beauty on so many levels was extremely rare and usually forged in a life of exile and isolation from all that would corrupt them. Aragorn knew he was not worthy to be in love with such a being, and forced himself to look for the silver cup in the competition- the Lady Arwen. She was a second, but not a close second. So many things were missing to make him fall in love with her as he did with Legolas. She lacked the astuteness, the speed in battle, the beauty in combat, and the humbleness that made everything complete. He was going to be in a miserable marriage to her, and live a miserable life in longing for Legolas most likely. He had made what little peace he would with that feeling, and tried to move forward… but…something was holding him back. Like a forgotten tie on a large shipping boat, it held him to this port and wouldn't allow him the peace in leaving. "We have not heard anything since. Good or bad. We can only assume they are holding him for now." Gandalf spoke flatly. "When do we leave?" Aragorn demanded, sharp eyes glaring at his elder. "Leave? Leave for what?" Gandalf said as he released his pipe and looked at the young ranger soon to be king. "Leave to rescue him?" Aragorn roared, making the hobbits tremble at the might in his voice. Aragorn was always very respectful of his elders, but this was the love of his life. Even if he couldn't have this crown, he would protect it with his last breath. "…We don't, Aragorn." Gandalf said as he placed his pipe back in his mouth. Aragorn's mouth hung open for a moment in shock, and then he turned around and left the room in a huff. Fine. If no one would help him, he'd save Legolas himself. "Aragorn! Wait!" Gimli's voice came from behind him. Aragorn shot his head in the direction of the voice, smiling when he saw the dwarf was coming towards him, panting heavily. "Gimli? What are you doing?" Aragorn asked, mostly to confirm his suspicions. Gimli took one breathless look at him and smirked. "What do you think I'm doing? I'm going with you to save the elf!" Gimli announced happily. Aragorn embraced the man as a friend, holding him roughly and releasing quickly. They made their way towards the stables. They intended to pack quickly. Gandalf took about ten small minutes of thinking before realizing that they couldn't leave Legolas to such a fate. He threw himself off the chair he'd been sitting on and made his way towards the stables after instructing the hobbits to stay within the Gondor walls. He needed someone to help Faramir watch over the great city while he was still in his dressings after the battle. An orc's blade had severed his tricep, and the medics barely knew how to reattach it. The injury left him useless for battle. He found the pair throwing their tack together sloppily, rushing to get a move of things. Gimli had found himself a rather nice donkey that could run with any horse, and said beast was trying to eat a carrot as Gimli threw the saddle onto its back. Both of the men glared at the white wizard as he approached. "Those horses will only help you so far. If you want to get Legolas back, you must allow me to help you." The elder said. "What help do we need from someone who won't help." Gimli seethed. Legolas was as much his friend as anyone else in the fellowship, and declaring that they should give up before even starting rescuing him really ate at his nerves. He would never leave a friend to die at Sauron's hands. It was against his code. "I'm helping now, Gimli. I just needed to think of a decent way to get in and out of that wretched tower without drawing too much attention or giving them enough time to mount an attack." Gandalf said as he shoved a piece of bread into the dwarf's mouth. "Ay… that… makes sense… I suppose." Aragorn conceded. He wasn't too fond of the wizard when he declared that the elf was going to be left as that monster's plaything. But perhaps this was a chance at redemption. Aragorn knew he wasn't one for thinking things threw too much, and on occasion, it had landed him in the arms of a simpering female elf… not that he wasn't dreaming of another elf holding him at said time. No… no…he… he wasn't. Wasn't at all. "If I speak to the eagles, they will help us get in and out faster than the horses could. They can fly where horses can only run so fast." Gandalf spoke. Aragorn thought over the proposition for a few minutes, and smirked in Gandalf's direction. "Ay… to the eagles it is then." Review politely please!