in his arms and brought her up the hill. The baby, innocent of his violent race, followed him joyfully, causing a peculiar warm sensation in the Uruk-hai's chest. He found a thicket where good plants grew in abundance, and he lay the doe down. The baby at once lay beside her and began to nurse. Rakhan felt himself lighten, as if some unseen force was pulling him up. He smiled to himself, unbound his helmet from the light pack on his back where his bow and quiver were kept, and sought out a stream. Living things needed water. Rakhan found a closeby place to sleep that night, and every day he went to check on the doe and bring her water. He cut bark from newly fallen branches and gathered sweet flowers from the forest floor, making sure she had enough to eat. At night when he lay himself in a hole or nestled in a low hanging branch, he felt himself full of the most delicious and odd feeling of satisfaction. He was stunned to realize that this felt far better than the short, meaningless pleasure he had once taken from torturing and killing helpless things. He was also stunned to find that the feeling was not unfamiliar, when he considered it. It was as if some long dormant part of himself had blinked awake, and though his soul was still dark, a small, bright light flickered in the blackness. The deer was admirably strong. Only twenty days had passed before she rose to her feet, gazed at Rakhan with a profound gratitude, and then led her baby off into the deep forest, returning to her free life. Her absence, astonishingly, hurt his chest. Rakhan had grown accustomed to tending to her, talking to her, stroking her smooth warm body. He had enjoyed the baby greatly. Now they were gone. But the pleasure of knowing he had saved her, and the fawn, remained, lighting up his days as he roamed the forest. When he needed to hunt again, he bowed his head, because he had come to understand that life had value. Rakhan spent his days in endless, directionless exploration. When he thought on his past life now, he felt only pain and bleary darkness, and so he tried to forget it entirely. Fangorn Forest had accepted him, and Rakhan lost all sense of time and memory in its ancient world. Until one day, bathing in a tributary of the Entwash, he saw the tracks. Rakhan jumped out of the cool running water, his powerful body dripping, his thick, long black hair sodden like a wet wool cloak. He left his clothes, armor, and weapons on the roughly-cut bank and dropped down beside the tracks, his heart pounding in his throat. He traced the distorted half-moon shape with his finger, and felt the warm earth. The tracks were fresh, disappearing into the ferns. A horse had come this way, this morning maybe. Rakhan, crushed by memory of the world, returned to the bank and pulled his clothes and gear on. He glanced sharply around, searching for mounted warriors. They couldn't be hunting me, he thought. But who else kept horses, save men and elves? Both were his enemy. The wild horses wouldn't live in the forest, but on the plain, so there was little doubt that even if his enemies hadn't come for him per se, they would give him a fight when they found him. Rakhan regretted abandoning his helmet in the doe's thicket, but it had been stamped with Sauron's eye over a half-scrubbed white palm, signs that Rakhan never wanted to see again. He wasn't under attack, but he had to know where the man was and why he had come. Rakhan figured he would probably have to kill the man, or the elf. This was not Lorien or Rivendell, and Rakhan had killed enough elves at Helm's Deep. It was regrettable, but Rakhan couldn't allow himself to be discovered. He realized that he had been granted a life, but it would be one spent always on guard. His blood and race cursed Rakhan to exist in a perpetual state of war. The land began to rise again. There were hills under the ancient forest, sometimes gentle, sometimes roughly exposed chunks of limestone. Rakhan had found caves days before, tiny caves full of the musty smell of some beast or another who called them home. For days Rakhan had smelled the pungent scent of wolves in the wind, and he had hoped to see some, he'd hoped to find a pack of wolves to make his companions in Fangorn. That would have to be put off until the man was dealt with. Fool of a man, Rakhan thought as the land got higher. The horse had taken an obvious trail over a rocky path, winding around thick trees up the crest of a hill. The tracks were so fresh that Rakhan dropped to his belly as he reached the top, creeping forward in battle-trained silence. But when he reached the crest and peered down into a fern drenched valley dotted with shade loving purple violets, he gasped in astonishment. It was not a man at all, but a golden-haired maiden of Rohan, kneeling behind a small dark boy with long black braids. She was helping him fit an arrow to a roughly hewed bow. Her hair was braided and wound around her head, showing off her proud, chiseled features. She was stunningly beautiful, full of a noble grace that made Rakhan's heart pound violently. He did not know it, but his own mother looked much like this maiden; Rakhan's straight, strong nose and high sharp cheekbones, and the well-defined bow of his lips that had won him nothing but taunts from his fellows, came from that long dead Rohirric woman. But it wasn't beauty alone that arrested the runaway warrior. The child that the beauty cuddled and smiled for and instructed was, somehow, a young Uruk-hai.