finger. "What?" He sulked. "Do you stay here for me or the meat?" The only answer he got was the cub licking his index finger and moving to the next one. At least his friends were considerate enough to not make a sound. Legolas leaned his elbow on his knee, trying to think of a way to get the cub back home with relative ease. Yet, his concentration was broken by a rustling sound from the direction he had found the cub in. His blood froze as the form of a great, grey wolf came into his vision. Its teeth were bared and the anger was evident by the growling. "She's here," Legolas hissed but it was not needed. The rest of the Fellowship had heard the approaching of the mother. The Hobbits backed up near the rock, knowing they would not stand a chance against such a vicious creature. Gandalf also moved further away to not alarm the animal. The men, dwarf and the elf were left with the cub that had yet to let go of Legolas. The wolf took a step towards the pair near the fire and Boromir took out his sword. It caused the wolf to arch its back. "Careful," Legolas raised a hand and Aragorn hindered the Gondorian's movements. "Legolas," Aragorn whispered urgently, worry for his friend growing as the wolf eyed the Elf with her eyes, "give the cub to her." Legolas nodded and with uttermost care wrapped his hands around the small frame. The wolf growled menacingly. "I won't hurt him," he said soothingly but found it hard to make contact with the ferocious mother. Slowly, he lifted the cub into his arms and with cautious steps, approached the edge of the forest where the animal was waiting. Aragorn and Boromir stayed close but still far enough not to irritate the animal further. Legolas walked as close to the animal as he could; he would not trust the cub to run to its mother by his own initiative. Yet, it also left him vulnerable to attack if the animal for one reason or other snapped. "Here you go," he whispered and knelt humbly, gently lowering the baby to the ground. The mother instantly started smelling her young one and licked his face. The baby made a slight whining sound but stayed put. The wolf once more fixed her eyes on the Elf, thinking he had intentionally stolen her cub. The only thing to stop her was the sight of Aragorn slightly drawing the sword from the hilt. Legolas noticed the movement from the corner of his eye and set his hand on the Ranger's: "Don't!" As quickly as she had entered, the mother picked up her offspring and ran into the woods, leaving behind a shaken company. The Hobbits walked closer to the place the wolf had been and caught the sight of her tail disappearing beyond their range of vision. The men relaxed and let go off their weapons. Legolas took in a deep breath, let it out and stood up. He brushed the dirt of his knees, tightened the thick fishtail braid in his hair to buy some time and only then turned to look at his friends. "If anyone makes any comment about what just happened, I am leaving this quest and never speaking to you again." And with a blushed face, the Elf promptly returned to his sleeping place and flopped down on the bedroll. His heart was still beating loudly. It was finally Merry's comment that broke the ice: "How am I ever going to sleep after that?" ... Legolas shook his head: "I was so embarrassed that I had led danger to the camp." "Well," Aragorn started, feeling his friend's doubtful gaze on himself,"I can't blame the little one for being attracted to you." "I could see the cub was unharmed but I was so-" "Animal babies are so cute," Eldarion affirmed; he had seen a fair share of them in his life. The boy yawned widely and Legolas smirked. "Now, let's get this baby tucked in," he wrapped the covers around the sick child tighter and stroked stray curls of hair from the spotted face lovingly. "No," Eldarion whined, for once not caring about the belittling nickname," I want to hear more stories!" "I will tell you more after you have slept," Legolas promised and kissed the boy on the temple. "I am not going anywhere." Not five minutes later, the Crown Prince was fast asleep, with his godfather still stroking his hair and face. Aragorn watched the scene moved to almost tears; his friend was always so genuine and kind with the young and vulnerable. His light shone brighter and it was almost comical to imagine that Legolas was also one of the deadliest fighters that had ever walked on Middle-Earth. The hands that were keeping away Eldarion's nightmares had been covered in enemy blood countless of times. Elves had a natural tendency to love children and Aragorn could only hope that someday Legolas would get a chance to have some of his own. "Truth to be told Legolas, I think that had you NOT taken the cub with you, someone else would have insisted we check him up properly." The Elf was thankful for his friend's efforts of diminishing his guilt. "Most likely," He shrugged light-heartedly. "Nowadays I can think of that evening with fondness; it was a nice moment of peace during the hectic quest, aside from that blood-thirsty mother." "Now that I am a parent myself, I understand her more," Aragorn mused. "With children, you don't want to risk your chances." Legolas smiled at the sleeping boy. "It is strange," The Elf mused, "how there can be wars and hatred between races. After all, we have all been small at some point and we have all belonged to someone. We are not so different, you and me." Eldarion turned onto his side, with his mouth and nose hidden beneath the blankets.