paying the ridiculous price – and I don't want you to put your money towards something only I will use. Imagine the books you could buy with that kind of money!" Gríma shrugged. His silver coins would not go as far as she anticipated in purchasing old books; the library here was not given to selling, alas, and any street sellers with books would have mostly damaged or poorly translated items on hand. Better to spend his money here, on her, on that perfect, precious smile. "Consider it a present," he said – a simple phrase for a hundred feelings that were anything but simple. "Grim, no," Éowyn pleaded, reaching up and taking his hand, still curved around her freckled cheek. "Please, I can't ask you for something like that. I can't." He looked her over speculatively, tilting his head. "It has been long since you have smiled the way you did when you first looked at that dagger," he said. "Does it not please you? Would it not make you happier?" She blushed. "It would make me happy," she said. "But that you would even offer to purchase it for me is happiness enough." She squeezed his hand and bit her lip. "Please," she said. "It's alright. Just let me put it back." Gríma studied her for a moment, trying to determine how greatly she would be disappointed; but her expression gave away nothing. Finally, he sighed and nodded. "Very well," he conceded. "Give it back to him, then." Éowyn smiled and popped up on her toes to kiss Gríma on the cheek. He flushed a deep red at the touch of her lips, and watched her in awe as she floated over to the merchant and ever so reluctantly gave him back the dagger. "Thank you, sir," she said quietly. "It was a privilege." The seller took the dagger back from her with no small amount of surprise. "Oh, indeed," he said. "It would be a privilege to own such a dagger, wouldn't you say?" "Yes," Éowyn said, turning away with a forlorn look in her eyes. "But I am afraid it is a privilege that belongs to someone else." Gríma watched her as she started to walk off. She looked so sad, as if she'd had a favorite toy taken from her by a meaner, older child. But she seemed resigned to walking away, and she turned to Gríma and held out her hand impatiently to him, motioning for him to come along. He sighed once more and hurried up behind her, never looking back at the seller. He was about to take her hand when the seller blurted out, "Three fifty." Gríma turned, brows arched. "Well, isn't that an impressive price drop," he said. "Three fifty. Why not three thirty?" "Grim," Éowyn said, exasperated, but despite herself, she looked hopeful. "I am just being generous," the seller said, nodding to Éowyn. "I hate to see so beautiful a lady left so sad. Three fifty. It's not such a great amount, is it – to bring a smile to your lady's face?" Gríma pretended to consider, but the deal, as far as he concerned, was sealed. "Done," he said, and approached the seller once more. "Grim!" Éowyn exclaimed, hurrying after him. "Don't – I said it was alright, really, I don't mean for you to – " Gríma ignored her, catching her around the waist as she ran up to him. He pulled her to him, still protesting, as he handed his purse over to the seller, heavy with coins. "You should find the proper sum contained therein," he said. "The dagger, if you please?" The seller waved him off and proceeded to count, glancing incredulously between Gríma's poor garb and the coins in his purse. When the proper sum was counted, he handed the purse back to Gríma, removing the dagger from its case and handing it to Éowyn. "Your dagger, my lady," he said, with a small bow. Éowyn took the dagger from him with all the awe of a faithful priestess receiving a gift from a god, fingers almost shaking as she lifted it from his hands and pulled it close to her chest. "I thank you, sir," she said, inclining her head. She looked up at Gríma, her eyes both reproachful and pleased. "And thank you , sir," she added, gently kissing him on the cheek once more. "You do me great honor with your gift." Gríma could not contain his smile. "Merely to accompany you is an honor far beyond my merits, my lady," he replied. He glanced up at the sky, and noticed that the sun was near to setting; their presence would be required soon in the Steward's hall. "Oh, dear," he said. "We've lingered too long. We'll soon be missed." He glanced at the seller and spared him a brief nod. "Pleasure doing business with you," he said. "And you," the seller agreed, staring curiously at him. "Safe travels to you both, wherever it is you're going." Gríma kept his face impassive, gently pulling Éowyn in the direction of the palace. He had meant to remove his arm from her waist – he truly had – but Éowyn, still entranced by the dagger in her hand, slipped her arm around him and held onto him in turn, leaning her head against his shoulder as they walked. "You really shouldn't have," she said, but her expression belied the scolding; her smile was enough to out-shine the very sun. Gríma glanced at her, her head still on his shoulder, and tried to calm his racing heart. "It was my pleasure, Éowyn," he said. He hesitated. "If you wish to go out again tomorrow – " She smiled. "That would be lovely. If you don't mind accompanying me again? You're quite good at playing the husband, you know." Gríma tightened his grip on her hip and gave a small, enigmatic smile. One day, my princess, he thought, I won't be playing anymore.