with; and this would certainly count as trifling, she supposed, no matter what she did. But nothing about him seemed dangerous in this moment – not with his disheveled hair, his unlaced boots, and his shirt that sat askew across his chest, bunched and wrinkled in strange places. It looked as though he had attempted to change into something fresh and neatly pressed and had given up halfway through because the laces and buttons were too much effort. Éowyn realized with a start that his shirt was blue. She had almost never seen him wear any color other than black and gold. She walked towards him slowly, her eyes locked on his. She watched his cheeks turn from pale white to pink in the space of those few seconds, saw the way he straightened and his tongue ran over his lips as if he was tasting the air for her. But he didn't move to grab her, not even when she was only inches from him. "One kiss?" she said softly. "Just one?" "Just one," he promised. "And nothing more. Nothing that you would not give me of your own will." She nodded once and leaned in to him; and it was then that he took hold of her, fiercely, darting forward and pressing his lips to hers. He tasted of strongly of the mead he had been drinking, and smelled of some kind of spice. His hair was wet, and Éowyn realized what she was smelling was soap. He must have taken a bath just for her. She had expected the kiss to be a short one, but it was anything but. Right at the start he yanked her flush against him, one of his arms wrapped tightly around her waist, and his free hand buried in her hair, pressing her mouth tighter against his. She had nowhere to put her hands but on his chest, where they stayed while he deepened the kiss. Her lips parted obediently to his tongue, and quite outside of her own intent, Éowyn gave a tiny cry of pleasure. The small sound was enough to make Gríma moan. In seconds he had switched their positions, spinning her so that it was now Éowyn pressed against the bedpost and Gríma holding her there. She clutched at his shirt as he dropped his mouth from hers, sliding down her throat and to her collar bone, leaving a trail of wet kisses down her skin. Heat flared deep in Éowyn's core, spreading into every limb and pooling in her lower back and deeper, between her thighs. Each kiss against her neck was like a shock, burning and teasing every nerve. Gríma smiled and nipped at the joining of her neck and shoulder, and at the sharp sensation Éowyn cried out again, louder this time. Gríma cut off the cry with another kiss, tilting her chin up to him and pressing his lips hard against hers, his tongue dancing in her mouth. He pulled back at last, leaving Éowyn panting and gasping against her bedpost. Subconsciously, she reached out for him at once, her hand flying forward and tangling in his shirt. He came closer obediently, but didn't kiss her again; his lips hung centimeters from hers, his nose brushing hers, but he would not close the gap, and neither would she. "Éowyn," he breathed. "Oh, Éowyn..." Éowyn knew he would stay, if he could – that he would take a hundred more kisses, and the rest of her, if she would let him. She could not say in that moment that she didn't want him to. Every inch of her was aflame, a hunger awoken in her that she had never realized she possessed; and it took every last inch of her willpower not to close the distance once again. She gently pushed him back, still gasping for breath. "Was that a kiss worth a hundred books?" she asked, her smile small and fragile and just a little hopeful. Gríma stepped further away, his fists curling. "Worth a thousand," he said. "And yet I wish I had asked for two, or five, or ten." Éowyn laughed softly. "You would be a rich man indeed to own so many books." "I would be a rich man indeed to have so many kisses," he replied. He stepped towards her once more, and cupped her cheek in his hand. "Éowyn..." She took his hand and pulled it away reluctantly. "The agreement was one kiss," she said. "Just one." Gríma growled, deep in the back of his throat; but he stepped away again. "As you wish it," he said, with a mocking bow. "The snake must go back to his nest now; the White Lady has had her fill of his poison company." Éowyn pushed herself free of the bedpost, surprised to find her legs a bit wobbly. "I didn't say – " "You don't need to say, my lady; I know what you mean," he said. "So farewell, and goodnight, and thank you for the kiss." "Gríma – " she said, hurrying after him. He waved her off. "Unless you mean to kiss me good-night, you may as well stay right there," he said, grabbing for the door. Irritated, Éowyn grabbed for his shirt, spun him around, and yanked his head down to her, planting a firm if unromantic kiss on his lips. He made a noise that was part growl, part moan, and started to grab for her again; but before his arms could close around her she tugged open the door and pushed him out. "Good night, counsellor," she said with a smile. "And next time you wish recompense for books, don't bother to drink so much before you ask." He swallowed hard and bowed again, less mockingly this time. "As my lady wishes," he said. "If this is my reward, I shall be sure to have my books destroyed more often." Éowyn laughed, lightly closed the door, and went to bed too giddy to ever sleep.