anyone would say that I don't deserve such a fate." Éowyn met his eyes. "You may deserve it," she said. "But I would never leave anyone to face such monsters, no matter their crimes. Surely I can do something – " The smile was softer now, tender. He reached out and touched her cheek. "You cannot save a dead man, my Lady." She reached up and touched his hand; she could barely feel it under her own. She was solid, and he was smoke. "Gríma," she whispered. Another shadow darted inside the circle, and then another. They all reached out for her, teeth glinting in the ever-fainter light. "No!" Gríma snapped, leaping in front of her. "You cannot touch her until I have. I have a wizard's promise." Éowyn stared at him, stunned and betrayed. "Saruman – but – " The shadows drew back, leering at her. Gríma turned to face her, and his eyes were bleak. "Say not a word," he murmured, and kissed her. She almost pulled back, but she could feel him clinging to her, arms wrapped tightly around her waist. She stood silent and still in his arms and wondered what he was at. It's very simple, said Gríma in her head, They believe I intend you as much harm as they do; they believe you fear this, and me – as, perhaps, you do. And they believe that in doing this I harm you. But you need not fear, I will still save you. How? Éowyn asked. You will live, said Gríma. Isn't that enough? What will they do to you? He shivered in her arms. She caught a few brief flashes of shadows tearing at his limbs, ripping him to bits – but then the images were gone. It won't be so bad, he said. The shadows around them closed in; they were growing impatient. Gríma pressed closer to her. She realized it was harder to feel the pressure of him, the warmth of another body. He was growing weaker and she stronger. He was becoming a thing of the dead, and she was returning to life. She thought a few times she could feel his heart beating against hers, but the sound was so faint and the hissing around them so loud she couldn't be sure. The shadows drew nearer, and the circle of light was the pair of them only, the diameter of their bodies. Outside the shadows spat and roared, but in the small beam of light Éowyn felt strangely calm. For a moment, Éowyn felt as though her fingers were scrabbling against some particularly slick surface, something with no handholds; then, beneath her hands, Gríma faded entirely, and light burst all around her. She heard the shadows screaming, but only faintly; she was floating upwards into the realm of human dreams, the dreams of the living. Delaying tactics, she realized vaguely. That was what Gríma was doing – distracting the shadows as life entered her body, until they could not touch her anymore. Weakly she slipped back into darkness, of a welcoming sort this time. Somewhere in her mind thoughts of Gríma drifted, but even they faded away shortly, and all consciousness left her. She was breath and blood and muscle, flesh and silence and dark. She was alive. * In the Houses of Healing, Éowyn slept peacefully. Éomer held her hand tightly in his, watching her calm features with tired eyes. It had been a long time since she had slept quietly; her features had been an ever-shifting tapestry of terror and rage in the past hours. She had thrashed about sometimes, even as Aragorn and Gamling had tried to hold her down. Worse were the times when she went completely still and became pale as death, when her heart beat sluggishly and to touch her was like plunging a hand beneath the frozen surface of a lake in winter. Now at last she was at rest, her breathing slow and even, her expression unremarkable. Aragorn slipped into the room, approaching Éomer silently. "She looks much improved," he observed, his voice soft. Éomer started and turned to look at him. "Indeed she does," he agreed. "Do you think she'll live?" Aragorn pressed a hand to her forehead. "Aye, she'll live," he said, stepping away from her. "She is a strong woman." "And a foolish one," Éomer said. He clung to her hand, pressing his forehead to her knuckles. "If I had lost her – if she had died – it was terrible enough losing my cousin, my uncle, but her too – " Aragorn laid a hand on his shoulder. "But she did not," he said. "She lives, and she has done us all a worthy service. Her name shall be remembered as she would want it to be: Éowyn the Shield Maiden, a daughter of great kings, slayer of the Witch King." Éomer lifted his head, but did not release her hand. "I care not for such titles," he said. "She is my sister, always, and I am grateful that she lives." Aragorn nodded slowly. "You should get some sleep," he said. "You will need your rest. We must plan our next move as quickly as possible. The Dark Lord will be planning his own counter-attack soon enough." Éomer nodded reluctantly. He kissed his sister's fingers once more and set her hand back on the bed beside her. "There… there will be healers to watch her all night, won't there?" he asked. "Of course," Aragorn said, motioning around the room. There were many healers at work; at least one was seated nearby Éowyn's bed, watching her unblinking. Éomer nodded to the healer, who bowed politely in return. "Let me know if she wakes," he requested. "If… if anything at all changes." "Lord Éomer, I shall," the healer replied, bowing again. Éomer cast one last look back at Éowyn, and then followed Aragorn out of the chamber. In her bed, Éowyn shifted slightly in her sleep and murmured, "Gríma."