At least he'd always seen them that way. As time went on however, Elrond came to realise that they weren't all that different then he was. Yes, they were older, but still had the same doubts and shortcomings that he frequently struggled with. They were full-blooded elves, or half-Maia, or whatever they were, yet still had their weaknesses. Seeing the strain running things was having on Golwendir, Elrond helped him as much as he could without being too obvious about it, and was rewarded with the other elf mellowing towards him. They weren't friends per-say, but Golwendir was no longer so hostile, and even asked his advice several times. While they were around the same age, Elrond had had more experience in leading and organising then the prince had, and freely shared the knowledge he'd acquired. The clean-up process was long and arduous, especially for the wood elves, who had lost so many of their number. It didn't help that their King was dead, their Crown Prince was in a coma, and their other two princes did not have experience in these sorts of matters. Still, they all managed, and when Thranduil woke up from the healing coma his body had gone into four days after the event, they mood around their camp immediately felt much lighter. It was six days before Thranduil was strong enough to stand and walk more than a few steps without assistance, though he still tired very easily. It was not until eleven days after the battle that the cavalcade of wood elves started back towards their forest home, much fewer in number then they had been when they'd arrived. Elrond, who'd inherited Gil-galad's responsibilities as his mentor had also been killed, watched them go. Thranduil was sitting proudly on his horse, with his two sons riding beside him. As Oropher was dead, Thranduil was essentially King of the wood elves now. Even though it wasn't yet official (he would be officially crowned once he was back home) he already acted like one, and all the wood elves looked up to him with the same devotion and support they had given Golwendir and Belegon. While he'd still been bed-ridden, Elrond had had a talk with Thranduil, wanting to understand what he'd witnessed all of them do out there. While initially reluctant to talk about it, upon finding out the extent of what the young Noldor had witnessed, Thranduil had realised that not telling Elrond the truth would do more harm than good. It had been a very interesting conversation, one that Elrond wouldn't forget in a hurry. Knowing Thranduil was half-Maia and had inherited powerful magic abilities from his mother was a big thing to swallow. Especially when Thranduil had told him that all his children had also inherited special abilities from her, and magical powers were even present in Thranduil's grandchildren, though they were a shadow of the strength he had. Thranduil told Elrond what some of these abilities were, and the Noldor quickly decided that he did not want to get on the wrong side of this family. They had the abilities to take over the world if they so desired. Well, maybe that wasn't being quite realistic, but they were certainly more powerful than almost anyone else on Middle Earth. Thranduil himself certainly had the ability to cause no small amount of chaos if he should decide to. Which he wouldn't; he was much too smart for that. Through the course of their conversation, Elrond had realised that Thranduil didn't get enough credit for what he did, and was vastly misunderstood by most outsiders. All the wood elves were, and they used it to their advantage to keep themselves safe. It was easy to underestimate someone if you hardly knew anything about them, and that was Thranduil's aim. His first priority was keeping his family safe by whatever means necessary, and his second was keeping his people safe, also by whatever means necessary. Elrond could appreciate both those aims. Elrond waited until the last of the wood elves were out of sight, before he turned to go back to his own camp. The clean-up with almost finished, and soon they would all be riding off home, to try and recover from this event. If they could. Elrond knew he would never forget the horrors he'd witnessed here, but hoped with time he would be able to accept what had happened. After all, barring unforeseen incidents, time was the one thing the elves had plenty of. Yes, Thranduil is half-Maia, as his mother was one of them. She fell in love with Oropher against convention and married him, even bearing him a son before it got complicated. In my head, she didn't have permission to do what she did (the Maiar needing the Valar's permission to marry anyone on Middle Earth), and ultimately paid the price. It is for this reason that Thranduil does not have much love nor respect for the Valar, though he understands the Maia and where they come from, seeing as he is half one himself. However, being half Sindar elf, he is not bound by the Valar's will like they are, and has a lot more freedom to bend the rules. This is also a large part of the reason why Oropher had his problems with authority, and with showing love and care to his family. He was never very free with showing his feelings before, and then never recovered from losing his beloved in such a tragic way. And, to clear up a potential point-of-confusion, Golwendir has his reasons to not be trusting of outsiders, especially Noldor elves. His experiences with both in the past have not exactly been positive, and he naturally has a very suspicious nature. I plan on writing a one-shot that explains everyone's abilities, but the Plot Bunnies have left me right now. We'll just have to wait and see what happens with that. Reviews if you liked this would be much appreciated!