lamb like the way he is. He opened his eyes, squinting at her. "What? …Go, kill! …Lucky… day for you." "I don't think it's lucky to kill anything lying on its back!" Halla said sharply. He snorted, a pitifully weak sound. "Don't… know how… do you?" "What-? Well, I suppose I don't! I don't go around killing folks like you do!" "Little knife… neck… belly… got one… there already… Cut the rest up… inside." He said it matter of fact, as if he was talking of dressing a chicken. Halla covered her mouth, thinking she'd vomit. "I'll just give it to you ," She said. "You do it. Since you're such a master of it." The Uruk hissed softly. "Tryin'… for the water. Not… the nothin'. Kill me… or go away." "You'll die before you get to the river," Halla said sharply. He rolled his head to the side, looking at her full on. "Don't want to kill…enemy?" Halla, stunned, couldn't respond. Why didn't she want to kill him? "Get water then," he said, fixing her with his feral yellow eyes. A breathly laugh of shock escaped her. "What?" "Need water… too many… days. Water to drink…and to wash. Maybe I live." Halla brushed her fingers over her lips. She shook her head. "Why should I help you?" The Uruk frowned. He seemed thoughtful . Halla wondered if she'd in fact fallen off of Silverfire and cracked her skull. She couldn't be conversing with an Uruk-hai! He took a shaky breath. "Not gonna kill me… help me. War's over. Help you back… one day. Say how." "I can trust you?" she scoffed. The Uruk nodded, eyes low with pain. "Yeah. War's over. Don't want… trouble… with your kin. Got... enough trouble." "Who did that, then?" Halla asked, nodding to his broken body. "Wild men… Then the cliff." "Damn," she whispered softly. "Damn." She was trapped by her own conscience, by her inability to kill, or to walk away. By rights she should have, and if their places were reversed and he'd come upon her in the forest… Halla shuddered to think it. "More of you around?" He arched his smooth, sweaty brow and nodded severely. "Not telling where. But no trouble with the Riders… or their women. Right? Been here a while… see your Menfolk huntin… No trouble." "How do you speak my language?" Halla asked, amazed, slightly horrified but amazed. They had been living in peace beside a pack of Uruk-hai all spring? "Got four languages," he said, a touch of pride in his raspy voice. "You won't have much of a chance anyway," Halla told him, trying to be cold. "Not unless your… your fellows come to bring you home. You need medicine, bandages, food, and shelter. Not just water." He arched his brow again, training his eyes on her, shrugging lightly though it made him cringe with pain. "I'll wait here for you," he said. Was that dry humor now? Was that a smile at the corners of his lips? "Don't need shelter, tho… Don't take chills so much. Don't mind the rain." "You think I'm going to save you," Halla breathed, shaking her head. The Uruk nodded. Halla realized his expression wasn't just sentient, but sharp and clever. Also bold. He was surely broken, but he didn't seem the slightest bit afraid, even if it was to go into the nothing , as he called the place he thought he'd go in death. But he definitely had no wish to die. "Damn," she swore again. She looked around the forest until she saw a maple with broad, flat leaves. She hurried to the tree, and ripped a leaf off. She rolled it into a funnel and folded the bottom tip up, and filled it with cool water from the stream. When she stood over the Uruk again she asked softly, "You going to trick me? Grab me and… and hurt me?" He snorted incredulously, and shook his head slowly. "Just want my life," he said quietly. Halla's heart pounded until she was dizzy, but she knelt down beside the Uruk's face. The way he held her eyes was deeply disturbing; such a hot, gripping stare, as if he saw right into her. She looked away before she carefully put her hand behind his head, feeling his thick, warm hair, bound back at the nape of his neck with a simple leather cord. She lifted his head, feeling his neck strain as he helped himself up enough to drink, relying as little as he could on her assistance. But his bold, calm demeanor was stripped away as the cool water touched his parched lips. He seized at the water with all his being: tipping his head back to open his throat, swallowing deep and hard. He reached a weak arm up and clasped at Halla's hand, and she gasped in fear. But he was only trying to tip the green cone all the way, to get at the last drops. He released her immediately, leaving a heat on her skin that wouldn't go away. She brought him water three more times, seeing that some of the feverishness in his eyes seemed to dissipate. She felt sorry for him then, the way she'd felt sorry for the wolf. It couldn't help what it was any more than the Uruk could, and though she was sure she'd gone mad, she believed him when he said he wouldn't hurt her. His discomforting gaze also allowed Halla to judge his intent, quite clearly. "I must walk back my village. My horse ran off. But I will ride him back later on, with some things to help you. And you… you just remember with this woman did for you." "Always," he said, giving Halla the anxious, certain feeling he was committing each detail of her to memory. Shaken by that thought, Hall turned on her heel and walked away, sure that she'd get home and lose her courage—or her folly—and never return.