it, but his son could sense it had been touch and go for a while. Luckily, life was returning to normal which for Legolas meant familiarizing himself with some documents that were needed in tomorrow's council meeting. He had always found the divan in the royal family's sitting room the most comfortable reading spot, especially after a stroll in the garden. He was so immersed in the task that the sound of the door opening was lost to his ears. "Have you really read all of these?" Thranduil inquired and indicated to the rather high pile on the couch table. Legolas shrugged and gave his father a beaming smile: "I was bored." "It usually takes me twice the time." Thranduil was clearly impressed. "That's because you have the attention span of a squirrel." His father mock-laughed while sitting himself down in an armchair in front of the fire. "Aren't we just witty today?" Legolas lazily dropped the rest of the documents into the pile: "What can I say, I learned from the best." Thranduil nodded with a sly smile but his expression turned into one of concern as Legolas got up on his elbows and rubbed the tightly wrapped ankle. "Does it bother you?" He asked gently. Legolas looked at his father's eyes, debating for a second whether to admit weakness. Eventually, he nodded. "It is not really hurting, just-" "Sore," Thranduil guessed and sat on the divan, lifting the injured ankle on his lap. He inspected it with his long fingers, feeling the mending bones. The recovery was going along fine but the leg was still too weak to take on much weight. "Did you use the crutches?" He asked and Legolas nodded but then added a shrug. "I tried to make do without them, but my ankle started hurting too much. I won't do it again." "Wise decision," Thranduil muttered. "I doubt you want to be put back to bed rest." Legolas was about to respond but sharp pain in his ankle made him hiss. Thranduil probed the injury some more. Then, he loosely wrapped his hands around the ankle and began an enchantment in Elvish. Words of old streamed from the elf's mouth as he aided the healing. He masked the pain and relieved tension. Pleasant warmth filled the stressed muscles and Legolas relaxed against the pillows. He looked at the fireplace, his father's words pleasant in his ears. He was lost in the moment. A knock on the door woke him up abruptly. Someone got up and for a while, Legolas looked around the place he was in, not fully registering what was going on. Soon he found he was still lying on the couch but the covers had been drawn over him properly. Rubbing sleep from his eyes, the young elf assumed he must have fallen asleep during Thranduil's healing session. He had no idea how long he had been sleeping, but guessed it had been some time ago; many of the documents he had been reading were now on Thranduil's side of the table. The person in question crouched next to him and shook his shoulder gently: "Legolas, someone wants to meet you." A bit awkwardly, Legolas turned to look to the door and straightened up as he saw the Elf lady he had helped. "I am sorry to disturb you, my Lords." She bowed courteously while her arms held her child. The baby was looking around the room in interest; the blue eyes took in every little detail and her little mouth was open in awe. "Isn't it a lovely palace," the woman talked to the baby while mimicking her expression. Thranduil felt his heart melt at the sight: a part of him missed the baby talk and the wonder children viewed the world with. The girl saw Legolas who had sat up properly and babbled. "She likes you," the woman laughed and at Legolas' permission, gave her daughter to the young elf. Legolas knew in theory how to be with a child but he had never had much contact with the youngest of his kind. Thranduil felt remorse at his son's awkwardness; he had always wanted another child but his wife had been killed too early for it to happen. "I wanted to thank you both," the woman said with tears in her eyes. "For bringing me my child back." "There is no need." The King shook his head kindly. "Anyone would have done the same." "I have never been so terrified. When I could not get to…"She covered her mouth with a slender hand. "I felt like I had failed her." "I understand your sentiment. Having children means constant worry. " "I know that now," she nodded. "I saw you; we all witnessed your fear. I knew you were a parent but that fact never seemed to play any role in your life. At that moment, I realized that- you're one of us." Thranduil turned his eyes to his son who was playing with the baby. They were two beings blessed by the most unconditional love. "Could you please take her back? I think she might like to bite my nose off." The desperate call broke Thranduil's thoughts. He chuckled and eased his son's burden by taking the child into his experienced hands. Apart from the hair and gender, he could almost imagine he was once more holding Legolas during his babyhood. "Enjoy these moments," he told the mother like only another parent could. "Soon she will be breaking hearts." The pair left and the King was left in solitude with his Prince. "Ada?" "Hmm?" "Could you help me?" Thranduil sat beside his son and went over a particularly tricky trade agreement document. It was in Westron, a language Legolas was familiar with but not exceedingly so. But he was an eager student and quick to learn, listening to Thranduil's words with attention his father never had. The older Elf could not remember the last time he felt so at peace.