no longer just see the women tearing out each other's hair out but he could also now hear their gasps of pain. India seemed to note the crease of his brow and a soft smile touched her features. "This is a television." She told him. She then proceeded to explain to him the intricacies of what a TV was and how it worked, but Elladan would be lying if he said it hadn't confused him. "So you truly have no estimate as to how long you will be here for?" She questioned and it was then Elladan felt emptiness spread through him. He had no measure of time, no way of counting down the days till he would return to his life and family. It could be next week, or it could be in ten years. "As I said before. It could be many years, a decade even. It has to be the exact same conditions, the positions of the stars, everything." India looked sympathetic toward him, and she flicked a button on what she called a "remote" and suddenly the moving picture had changed to a female singer. The voice that came from her mouth was loud and it stung his ears. He covered them with his hands. "This is X Factor. It's a singing competition, It's pretty hilarious isn't it?" India looked to Elladan, humour lightened her features. He watched it intently, wondering why a girl crying after humiliating herself for all to see was considered entertainment - then the judge at the end with the black hair had compared her voice to that of a cat being skinned alive and Elladan had realized very quickly that it was quite hilarious as India had said. He might have even cracked a smile if his soul had not felt so heavy. It soon ended and the silence consumed the both of them. The morning sun bled through the gaps in the blinds and it struck Elladan that he was now facing his first day in India's world. "Do you want eggs for breakfast?" She asked him. Eggs. He felt his chest heave a sigh of relief. At least their world's had something in common. "Eggs. Yes I like Eggs." He smiled at her meekly. "I only have chicken eggs. I don't know what kind of eggs you elves eat but I'm just warning you that we don't have dragons eggs." She half snorted, drawing to her feet and heading into the kitchen. Like a lost puppy Elladan trailed after her. "We don't eat dragons eggs." He chuckled to himself, watching in fascination as India withdrew a few chicken eggs from a cold white plastic box. "No, no, dragons eggs are much too large and in addition to that extremely rare." She plopped the eggs into a boiling hot container of water and sat herself up on the bunker. Elladan gazed at her, at loss as to what to do. "So my world is pretty different from yours then?" She spoke to break the silence. "From what little I have seen, most certainly." "I'll teach you about it, you can be my project. " She laughed "It wouldn't be right to send you out on the street without knowing about google and cell phones. Maybe we can even find you a job one day until you get to go home." "That's very kind of you. I wish I had some way to repay you." "I'm sure I'll find a way for you to repay me… you could help me around the flat a bit, maybe do some dishes laundry…" She drifted off and he stopped listening somewhere along the way. "So what kind of job did you do back in the Rivendell?" "Me and my twin brother Elrohir travel with the Dúnedain hunting orcs quite frequently, when we're not doing that, well, we usually just relax at home." "So you're good at murder and doing nothing, and those are your only marketable skills?" She chuckled a bit as she plopped the eggs onto plate and began to peel them with her nimble fingers. "We're going to have to do some lying on your CV." Elladan had no clue as to what as CV was, but he couldn't be bothered questioning her. He took the plate from her grasp and she guided him back through to the sitting room. She plonked herself on the sofa and began to eat. Elladan stood bewildered with his plate in his hands. Were there no tables? "What are you standing there for pointy-ears? Sit down, we might be able to catch another re-run of the X-Factor." India called out to him. "But… I… Yes." Elladan finally sat down. "It's just I'm accustomed to breaking my fast at a table, with… metal cutlery. This is rather strange." He examined his plastic fork in disdain. It was bendy and not nearly strong enough to hold his egg. India seemed to ignore his comments and she slipped her feet up onto the footrest and settled her eyes on X-factor. Her posture was slouched, another common trait of mortals. Elladan wanted nothing more than to reach over and bend her spine into a more healthy position - of course he withheld that urge, such an action might have been seen as an assault and this was the girl who had offered him a place to stay after all. He couldn't offend her. After an hour or so of X-factor Elladan felt a little cheerier however there was still a hollowness inside of him. He wanted Elrohir - they had never been separated before and he felt almost like a part of him had been torn out. If Elrohir was with him he would have known what to do, he was the smarter one , the reasonable one. Elladan had always relied on him, looking back through his life in fact, he had always relied on someone else, his mother, his father, his brother. Now he was relying on India.