pay a visit to her kin. With proper protection, naturally. Who knows what can happen, if Nemlii could put things to them the right way? She says they're not like Men; they wouldn't hold us and try to kill us, just for sticking around with you lot." He grinned at her mischevious, sparkling eyes, enjoying her ability to attach humor to her ordeal. His woman, he thought with pride, could eat nails if she had to, and her smile would be undiminished. "Maybe, Tara. Right now, I want to find out about the Orcs here. We've seen their sign. I'm much more worried about how they're living, and how we'll fit into all that. " "That's probably best. Mind the baby, Ushatar. I've got a bunch of jerky and some turnips from the old cave. I'm going to get a stew going." "No matter what," he promised, flying Ilzin again, "We're going to have some fresh reindeer to cook soon." After eating, Tara fed the baby and left her, and Ushatar, to their nap by the fire. She bundled in a cloak of wolf fur, and went to Nemlii's dar. Nemlii's dar was typically warm and cheerful. She had adorned her tent with several small seats of carved stone, a nod to her heritage. The red-haired Dwarvish female was, as customary, working over a great heap of sewing. She had many sons with her Orcish mate, and those sons had sons, and clothes were always in need of mending or altering. The Orcess Daumani was with her, her new son sleeping in a sling over her chest. The absence of Faalca-an Orcess who had been butchered by Men, and the best friend Tara had ever had-was still a painful hole in their circle. Shari, too, was missing, though that was becoming common. She had mated the Durub-the Clan leader-before the battle that had blinded him, and her newfound status isolated her from her former friends. "She ain't happy," Daumani said, speaking of Shari. "Saalcaf has no time for her now, as he's trying to order the Clan properly, now that he's lost his sight. It's not the life she thought she was getting." "She should be learning from Gadhaal," Nemlii grumbled. "She's not brought us females together but once since we've come North, nor gone around to speak to any of us. She's got no healing skill, and no one forgets what happened by the battlefield, how she cowered while the tarku were closing in on us. If you hadn't gone out there, Tara, things would have been a great deal worse for us. It is much talked about. Shari don't like that, not one bit." "What else could I have done?" Tara asked. "I sure didn't want to do that! We'd have done better to attack that lot of scum! There weren't too many of them, if we'd planned it out right." Daumani nodded in agreement, but most of her attention was with her small grey newborn. The young Orcess cooed as the sprog sucked on her finger. "If Gadhaal had been in charge," Nemlii said, "We would have. But she's only partways in this world now. Ranaash is too old now. Seeing drains her. It's a good thing Gadhaal will take her place as Shaman." Daumani glanced up. "Your Ushatar is coming, Tara. And Daghri as well." Nemlii's mate came into the dar first, an anxious scowl on his face. Ushatar followed, Ilzin in his arms. "Take the baby, Tara," Ushatar said. "We've got to ride out now." "Ride out? Have the scouts returned?" Ushatar shook his head tightly. Tara frowned, reading the set of his jaw, the tightness in his face. "Just take the baby," he repeated, placing Ilzin in Tara's arms. "What's going on?" Tara asked. "Don't know just yet," he said, but there was a lie in his voice. Both males left quickly. "I don't like the looks of that," Tara said, adjusting the fur wrap covering her baby. Ilzin was too excited by the presence of Daumani's son, and wouldn't settle. Tara wound up setting Ilzin down, and the baby crawled to Daumani, investigating the other young one. "It's not going to be easy, here," Nemlii said, sucking her teeth. "I'll be glad when they all return safe and sound." Ushatar jumped down from his black warg. Saalcaf followed him, and Daghri, who'd made the discovery, led the way. At first, Ushatar could see nothing but endless starry sky, and snow covered peaks. But as they approached the cliff, the scent of blood and new death overwhelmed him. He picked up his stride, jogging until he saw great stains of black blood, still warm enough to melt the snow. There were no signs of struggle. In the middle of the blood pool were the remains of four bodies. Without the blood, and the scent, Ushatar wouldn't be able to tell that the mutilated bodies were Orcish at all. "Those are our scouts," Saalcaf said, knowing the scent of his clanmates. Ushatar squatted down in the snow. The bodies were not much more than piles of greasy bones, with some tendons hanging on here and there. He picked up a long thigh bone, scowling at it for a moment. From such destruction, he'd expect to find bite marks. It surely seemed like an animal had done this, though Ushatar couldn't imagine what sort of beast could do this to four Orcish hunters. Wargs would have left bite marks. And then he saw it, and he immediately looked up to the cliffs around him. Even though he sensed no other presence, his heart pounded from a sure feeling that they were being watched. Finally, he looked over at Draagh. The old Orc nodded grimly. "What is it?" Saalcaf asked. Ushatar took a deep breath, then put the femur into Saalcaf's hands. "It's been so well done there are hardly any cuts on the bone, but there's no doubt about it. Our scouts were butchered, for meat."