husband as though he were a god. It was said that he had slain so many men that no one knew how our side lost the battle on Pelennor Field. Apparently, it had taken more than one blow to finally bring Jibran down. Those things contrasted sharply with what was said of my brother. Na'man had hidden in the rear guard throughout the fighting and had retreated even further away during the battle when the Haradrim men who had led our charge were cut down. He had not been seen again until the dead were collected and the wounded tended to. It was talked of how pale and frightened he had been in the face of the bloodshed. Na'man was not who the people wanted for their King. There were whispers of Adnan taking the throne, with my father ruling as regent until he was of an age to rule independently. Who better to rule the fractious, antagonistic Haradrim people than the son of the man who had first brought them together? People from all over Harad had heard Jibran speak. Very soon after our marriage he had traveled to the different regions of Harad; Khand, Far Harad, and Umbar, to incite the men to join him in the fight. Thousands of men spilled into Near Harad and the City of Serpents to be trained by Jibran, so that it was nearly impossible to house and care for them all. That is what was remembered of my husband and brother respectively. It was feared that under Na'man, Harad would fall into factions once more which was less than productive for the Realm. Before the War had begun it had proved to be beneficial to have the regions working together. There was an influx of trade the likes of which we had never seen among the different tribes and there was hardly any skirmishing between the leaders of each region. My brother had not been able to face a battle, which naturally was a fault of a Haradrim man, and so he was not looked upon with respect from anyone in Harad. As I stared down at Adnan, I could not fathom what would become of him if I were sent to Gondor. I thought nothing of myself and the reaction that the Gondoran people might have to me. I was the enemy and my father thought that I might become their Queen; that that would be acceptable to a Realm who had lost as many, if not more, men than we had. No one was thinking of what sort of threat that might pose to me and in that instant neither was I. I thought of Adnan and what those people would do to him. If I were to become the Queen everything about my life would become common knowledge. The people would know that the father of my son had been a great leader of the enemy soldiers and that those same traits ran through the blood of Adnan. I was trembling as I laid Adnan on the mattress on the floor. He blindly rolled over and reached out for his favorite pillows as I covered him with a silk sheet. Even at night it was sweltering in the City of Serpents. There was a lump in my throat as I closed the door behind me. I knew I would not sleep until I had spoken to my father. I hoped that he would be in his study still. He often stayed there until late into the night and so that is where I headed first. Luckily, he was sitting on a low sofa and looking over documents that had been brought to him that day. "Mareke," he said, as I entered the quiet room. "What will become of my son in all of this?" I demanded without greeting. The King sighed and set the document beside him, rubbing the bridge of his nose. "You must know that I have thought about Adnan a good deal," my father said. "And I have ultimately decided that seeing as he is your son, it should be your decision no matter the marriage you make." "My decision?" I asked. It was the first time in my life that I had been able to make a decision for myself. He nodded. "There are benefits and drawbacks no matter if you take Adnan with you or if you leave him here with your mother and I." The thought of leaving my son behind nearly knocked the breath from my chest. Since the passing of his father, he had been my constant companion. He was hardly out of my sight and I struggled to leave him with a nurse or my mother the few times I had ever had an obligation away from him. "I could not leave him," I whispered. "No, I thought not," my father agreed. "His safety is a concern of mine and I am disheartened to think that perhaps Harad is not the safest place for my grandson." I raised an eyebrow at that. How could his home not be the best place for Adnan to be. "Your brother worries me," he admitted. I had not thought that my brother would be so cold as to threaten my son, but as the people grew more adamant in their dislike for my brother I could see where my son's safety was at risk. "Then I will keep him with me no matter where I go." My father nodded and returned to the document, signalling that he wished to say no more on the matter. I took that as my cue to leave him in relative peace. "Remember, nothing is set in stone, Mareke," he repeated. I hope you loved it. I would love to know what you think about it. If you don't think it's going to be your cup of tea I completely understand, but would love any constructive feedback you have. No hate comments or flames please. Happy reading, Avonmora