having a quite long staring contest. The others didn't dare to talk or whisper, just looked at the two dominant Nazgul as they stared each other down. Even Adunaphel slowed his horse down; just to make sure he was way behind them… hiding behind the sturdier Dwar. Just in case a fight breaks out, he didn't want to be in the line of any blasts, curses or hits. However, he was more than sure his warrior Brother can take quite a few hits with his armor. It seemed like hours, but only a few minutes passed, and Hoarmurath broke their eye contact, snorted, then pulled on the reins of his horse, making it turn, and started galloping in the opposite direction they were heading, going back to the fruits the leader was talking about, without a word. He wasn't even out of ear-shot and the remaining Seven lesser Ringwraiths started to murmur and hiss among themselves, only to be silenced by their leader. The ride was quiet again. Then the dark beings started to talk among themselves once more, mostly about Minas Morgul and the upcoming domination of Middle Earth, while others started to complain about having to train the army. Orcs and trolls weren't that easy to handle. They were so dumb and hard to teach sometimes, but if they wanted them to be at least somewhat deadly, they, as Sauron's most fearless servants, will have to take up preparing them. Not an easy task, but not impossible to complete. Ren and Ji Indur already volunteered for the first few dozen troops, the next will be trained by Dwar and Uvatha, while Adunaphel snatches the allies, Khamul guards the Easterling's loyalty, and Hoarmurath trains the mages. Er-Murazor will be the one who controls their actions and holds contact to their Dark Lord. The conversation ended abruptly when the loud pounding of hooves was heard from behind them. Some did look back, while most didn't need to turn to know who completed the rather… humiliating task for their leader. The mage rode up to the king's horse, holding some blue berries in one hand with such a force, that they started to squish in his hard gauntlet, their blue juice dripping down his metal glove to the floor. The Nazgul didn't say a word, but held out the fruits to the little girl sitting in front of the lord, not at all amused and surely angry. Jaina eagerly took them, and as soon as they landed in her lap she started munching on them, chewing quickly and hungrily. The mage pulled back his hand, watching her with a mix of disgust and anger, shaking his hand to try and get rid of that blue liquid, then slowed his horse so he was riding next to Dwar and Ji Indur, silently still fuming, feeling the stabs of shame and humiliation, while the other two just stayed silent, meeting each other's gaze behind his back. After a few hours of silent traveling the bright green forest has changed to dark rocky terrain, an indication that they are getting closer to their destination. Minas Morgul was now only a few miles away. To the five years old child, this wasn't a pleasant change. She liked the forest and the warm sunlight. She started to snuggle up to her father, sitting sideways on the saddle, sometimes burying her face into his dark clothes. The Witch King snapped out of his deep thoughts and looked down to see his daughter showing yet again some kind of confusing emotion. Mortals and their feelings… Not knowing what else to do to his trembling offspring, he let go of the reins with one hand and put it slowly on Jaina's head, stroking her hair with his thumb. This somehow always worked before. This simple gesture was enough to calm her down when she was crying, cheer her up when she was upset, or raise her happiness at any time. Just like now. The child looked up at her father, blinked and smiled, her blue eyes shining with some kind of emotion again, then buried her face back into his clothing, this time not shivering anymore. He kept his hand on her head though, just to be sure. "Do not fear, Child." Came the cheerful voice of Adunaphel from next to them, riding closer to the father and daughter, looking ahead to inspect the road that was before them. "There is nothing to fear as long as we are around… This will be your new home." At the last part, the little girl peeked out from Er-Murazor's robes, her big blue eyes watching her uncle, then smiled, even if it was a weak one. Home… This word alone brought peace to her mind and made her warm inside, thinking of the older castle back in the north, where the flowers bloomed, the scent of fresh rain was blown through the land by the gentle breeze, and birds chirped happily. She closed her eyes. So, silence fell once again over the riders. No more sounds of nature disturbed the deadly aura that was present around them. The area became more and more familiar to them; they felt their own dark soul getting stronger. Their Lord is near… and he is waiting. They soon galloped in one perfect line, the Eight behind the Witch King, their horses kicked up the heavy dust and snorted, their red eyes glinting in the darkness. Just the mere silhouette of the dark riders would be enough to send a mortal fleeing away from them, swimming in terror. Something, they were very much aware of and… "Are we there yet?" All that could be heard was a variety of sighs coming from the Nazguls, just as the view of their dark stronghold came into sight, partway shielded by fog, standing firmly under the full moon. There you go. Hope you guys liked it. I enjoyed writing this. Review if you wish. Thank you for reading. avpke