in Lorien. On the eve of his first night in the golden city the Lord blessed him with an elven name, finding for some reason humor in the situation of an elf named as a human.He was renamed Laitheryn which would translate to Spirit Forest in the language of the west. And yet as he received his second elven name, something inside him cried that this name too was not right. He had listened to the voice, but could not answer its cries at that moment. His stay in Caras Galadhon lasted two more centuries, and learned much more than ever before and not in just the arms of war, but in tree lore and elf lore as well as the development of his particular gift with the trees, not just learning their language but learning how to call them to his defense when needed. His many friends were sore to see him leave, but he, on the eve of this second century deemed it time. He was happy in Lorien, content to stay among kin and learn their ways; but here too, he knew, he did not belong. He had heard much of the two other elven realms, enough to know that Lord Elronds' realm, while more accepting of outsiders, which tempted him into traveling there first, it was not situated in a forest, and his most cherished dreams of his past, were of flickers of the sun through a huge green canopy. As he had heard Imladris (or Rivendell as spoken in the West), was situated in a mountain valley, with a gliding river spotting between. Homes that looked more like they were carved from more the passing of time then skilled hands, shone golden in the sun. Not as golden as Caras Galadhon but still the shimmer of the light of the Elves touched their lands. And instead of an eternal summer the lands there seemed to be locked in constant spring. Their lands were open with no forests; and his only memory and where he felt more comfortable was in the deep forests of Arda. And of the Elves in Imladris, they were more of a darker tone than his, for the most part. There were exceptions to that, such as the balrog slayer Glorfindel. But generally their hair was between the colours of earthy brown to the darkest midnight and their eyes shone like dark stars. They were more open to human travels and even dwarfs were known to be allowed into the splendid halls. The third Elven realm, in common tongue it was known as Greenwood or Mirkwood; the Elves named it Eryngalen. This was the realm that he had dreaded traveling to. As he had learned it was situated within the sheltering trees of an unmeasured forest that shone in pale browns and greens. Its palace and largest city barely visible within the hidden glade in the center of the forest; but other than that there was not much known about the most distinct elven realm, and less about the people dwelling within. And as the centuries passed, it appeared that the realm would continue to drift apart from their kin. The Elves dwelling within were mid toned, having hair that went from light earthy tones to golden blonde, much like him. And the majority had blue or silver eyes. But it was their abhorrence of strangers that had troubled him, even if he could somehow gain entrance into Mirkwood it was more likely that he would be turned away by the Elven scouts that constantly patrolled its borders. Or arrested and given over for questioning. The rumors he had heard of the King of Greenwood were that he was a cold elf; cold, stubborn and set in his ways. Back then he remembered doubting that the King would be overly patient with a stranger that came seeking answers and looking for his past, especially if said Elf could not even give his true name. If he approached under those standards it was likely he would end up in the dungeons. He recalled his extreme hesitation when it became apparent that the most logical place to search for his past was also the place he feared traveling to. He could laugh at those notions now. How untrue they were. Suddenly looking down, he realized that he had filled several pages with his thoughts, and the hours had passed without his knowledge. The sun was now setting and lighting the pale green leaves up and shadowing the horizon with pale purples, vibrant reds and other colours that the Elves with all their talents could not bear to make. Nature was truly amazing. Sliding from his desk he approached the open window and slipped onto the balcony, he shared with his father, to watch the remainder of the falling of the sun, soon the moon would rise to chase the sun once more. Their rooms were separate, but close enough to share one area outside, overlooking a wildflower garden. A moment later he realized he was not alone. He turned and watched his father make a graceful enterence onto their shared balcony from his separate room. The taller elf slipped from his door to stand next to his son, and they both shared a smile and returned their gazes to the display of the sun. "How was your day, Ada?" The addressed elf smiled despite himself. "Busy as usual. And you ion Nin?" "Moderately busy." "Come, let us retire and share supper. I have missed your company today." "And I you." He responded following his father into his chambers, where supper was laid out. I hope you enjoyed reading this and will drop a line to tell me what you think of my writing. Well this is the beginning in what I hope to be a long arc, with other stories branching off in detail what was skipped fairly quickly in this chapter. But for now this is the frame work story. Ja'ne Avion Jade