the end of time in the Halls of Mandos just because I was suddenly separated from him, even though I could never breach that distance." Legolas's eyes turned unreadable. I could see him weighing my words, listening, letting them sink in. He was considering my story. So I concluded, "Do not fade, Legolas. Do not let the darkness win. You have lost Estel, yes. But do not dishonor her memory by allowing what she loved most about you to be your doom. That is my advice." I was about halfway out the door when he said, "Wait." I turned. "Yes?" In his face, I saw more naked vulnerability than I had ever seen in Legolas's face, eyes, and expression – but also the great inner strength that had found manifested in him when he had decided to overcome the boundaries and agree to love a mortal woman who could offer nothing in return. Nothing, save love. "Do you ever think . . . that I will see her . . . again?" I hesitated. "You can only hope, Legolas." ~ Legolas Thranduilion ~ I gazed at the sunset, watching as the first stars began to twinkle overhead, glowing brightly despite the sunlight from the sun still straggling over the horizon. It was no longer day, but not yet night. And the brightest star of all, a brilliant pure white shot through with every other glittering star of the rainbow, was Eärendil, right above the White Tree of Gondor. It was Estel's favorite time of day. For she, after all, was a child of both the Children of the Sun and the Children of the Stars, so it was fitting, she had always said, that she was best represented when it was neither night nor day, but somewhere in between – just like her. Estel. How I missed her. Everything about her. Her shining eyes, her infectious happiness, her carefree nature – but most of all her laughter. Oh, how I missed I could have made her laugh more in the short day we had had together. I would give almost anything to see her again, to touch her warm skin and hear her musical laughter. Almost anything. For Elrond's words were fresh in my mind, and Arwen's, and my father's. And they were right. Dying now would do nothing, for me or for Estel. All it would do was make permanent the separation between us. And make me a rightful fool for choosing to die instead of live a life free of the Dark Lord, something so many had yearned for. I could not toss it away so easily. It would be the most selfish thing I could do. And it would be, perhaps, the only decision I would regret more than losing Estel. True, I could die, and pass over the sea to the Halls of Mandos, and lose my memory, and forget my pain and loss and sorrow – but I would also forget her . And I knew, without a doubt, that to remember a life, or even live a life, without the memory or presence of her would be for me to live a life far less meaningful than centuries of pain from losing her. I looked back at the sunset, and then up at the stars. Eärendil danced above me, brilliant, beautiful, powerful. It was a symbol that all Elves looked to since the darkest days of the Elder times. It was also known as Gil-Estel, the star of hope. You can only hope, Legolas , Elrond had said but a few minutes ago when he had left. I smiled, and for the first time, I felt the power of the pain that was slowly squeezing the life out of me lessen. It would still be there for years to come, but it no longer controlled me. I would live – for Estel. As this is your time, that would be your star, meleth . And with that, I made my decision. Many Years Later . . . When archers had reported seeing someone standing on the shores of Valinor, someone who clearly did not belong, my first thought had been to reach for my weapons, and so I did. I ran to the shores with reinforcements, and only dimly wondered how someone the Valar did not want to arrive had managed to come to Valinor. But then the person had turned, and for a second my heart had frozen and burned at once. And then, through rapidly blurring eyes, I had had Estel again. I had held her, I had kissed her, I was with her again – and it had been the greatest joy of my entire life. Then she had whispered my name, and she had told me, "Eru sent me back. He gave me the Choice. And I chose you" and, then, finally, she had said the three words I had waited for ages to hear: "And I you." They had told me that Estel was lost forever. They had said it was pointless waiting. They had said that in time my heart would heal, and I would forget her, and I would find someone else, and I would be happy again. Despite all of their words, though, and all of their confidence, I had never forgotten her, never stopping loving her, and never found anyone else with whom I could be happy again. But Estel was lost to me. And yet . . . And yet, they had also told me one more thing: You can only hope, Legolas. But as I stared down through tear-blinded eyes to gaze on the beloved face of the only woman I would ever love, I disagreed – with everything they had said. I can do much more than hope. I can love. And so I would, for Estel, my Estel, my meleth , was back, and now I could live again. Translations: Ion-nin = my son Ada = Daddy/Father Meleth = my love