just like him," he said. "Let me take you to him, my lord," Atanalcar said as he started to walk up the stairs to the giant wooden doors to the castle. "Forgive me, uncle, but we did not know of your existence until a short time ago. Father never spoke of you until now. Though I fail to understand why." Elrond smiled sadly as he hastened after the young heir. "We did not part on the best of terms," he said, "but I am grateful that you sent word now." Atanalcar stopped in front of a door, and waved a young lady over. "This is my sister, Tindómiel." Elrond bowed gracefully for the young lady. "My lady," he said. "Uncle," she replied, staring at him with large wondering eyes. "Hard to believe you are his twin." "Sister!" Atanalcar hissed. "No harm," Elrond said. "I will tell you all the stories you wish later, but first I must see your father." "Of course," Tindómiel said, and left just as silently as she had entered. Atanalcar pushed the door open and gestured for the doctors and nurses to vacate the room. "I will be outside, Uncle," he said. "Thank you," Elrond said, standing in the stale darkness till the door closed. The room smelled of death and man, a smell he recalled from his youth in battle. "Elros?" he whispered as he walked closer to the motionless person in the bed. "Brother?" He gingerly sat down on the bed and stared down at the old man in it. It was a far cry from the brother he remembered, so young - pale and smooth like ivory. His hair the color of the deepest night and eyes like the roaring sea. This man was a husk of the elf he recalled. With a slightly shaking hand he gathered the old crooked hand in his. "Brother, are you awake? For I find myself in your bed once more." He smiled as the old man smiled. "Brother," Elros croaked. "Why are you here?" "Your children sent for me," Elrond said. "They are – You are a lucky man, brother." Elros opened his eyes, tired and slightly milky with old age. "Look at you," he said. "The elven high king's herald." Elrond tried his hardest not to cry, so he just nodded. "And here I am, abandoning you once more," Elros whispered. "I forgive you," Elrond said softly. Elros smiled. "Good." Elrond squeezed Elros' hand gently. "I would have followed you." "I know you would," Elros said softly. "That is why I did not tell you of my choice, until I was sure you had made yours." When Elrond was silent, Elros sighed. "Will you stay for the burial?" "Oh brother, do not say that," Elrond said, trying his hardest to will it all away, just like he had when they had spoken last. Back on the bluff he had felt like his happiness and life had been taken from out under him, and now he felt like his very core, his past, was fading before his eyes. "Surely my children told you why they summoned you," Elros said, closing his eyes again, growing tired from talking so much. "They did," Elrond admitted. "I will light the pyre myself if you so wish it." Elros did not answer, he just smiled, content. "Please don't leave me," Elrond whispered. "I must," Elros answered. "This journey is one I must make alone." Elrond wiped his eyes angrily with the back of his hand. "Come lay down next to me one last time, brother," Elros whispered so softly that Elrond had to strain his ears to hear it. Elrond lay down in the wide bed, his forehead resting against his twin's temple, and his right hand over his heart. "I know it is not so, but it feels like we are being punished. Maybe it is the remnants of the old Fëanorian curse that somehow followed. I swear by the Valar I will never have children for the fear that they might one day go through the same as we have," he whispered. "Don't let the fear of loss control your life, brother," Elros breathed. "let go." Elrond chuckled a little. "I stopped trying to cage you many, many decades ago." "Good," Elros sighed. "Forgive me for never answering your letters, I read them all and I wished you well, but the hurt and anger was –" "I forgive you," Elros whispered, placing a dry hand on top of Elrond's. "Let us not be hurt and angry anymore." "I cannot do right by you, but I can aid your children," Elrond said. "And I promise I will do everything I can for as long as I remain." "Thank you," Elros exhaled with great effort. They lay like this in the bed in silence for a long while, until Elrond could no longer feel or hear a breath taken. He slowly got out of the bed and walked to the windows, opening them wide. He turned to look at his brother in bed, his jaw slack but with a peace and calm over him that Elrond wished he felt himself. He had loved Elros more than he had ever loved himself, and he had spoken the truth when he had said he would have followed, for he would, even if his heart longed to see the white shores of Aman. Elros had been so much stronger than he had given him credit for, and he could not even begin to imagine the turmoil he must have been through once his choice was apparent. His love for his brother had been so fierce and burning white hot, that when it was taken away he had felt lifeless, loveless. Over the years he had found other things to occupy him while the love for his twin healed. With Elros gone, maybe he could let go of the last shred of pain. Maybe Elros had been right, maybe they were both finally free.