from your clutches, removed the Three from your dominion forever, and drove you from Orthanc. So far, I think I'm doing a fairly good job." He smiled brightly at Saruman, who finally snapped. He lunged at Sauron, forgetting that he could simply use the Ring, rage blinding him to anything but the thought to hurt the insolent Maia before him. Sauron gathered all the anger, pain, and love that was raging inside him, and thought himself away. Opening his eyes, he found himself in the Sammath Naur. Saruman would follow him, as would Olórin, and then they would all be right where they needed to be… Sauron felt his breath whoosh out of him as he was suddenly slammed against the wall, his hands bound to it down at his sides by invisible shackles. The shield that had been so carefully constructed by Elrond and Galadriel shattered, and he moaned as he felt his Ring again being used to bring him under Saruman's control. Saruman stepped forward from the shadows, and Sauron fought back a shudder at the gleam in his eyes: a gleam he had seen in Gothmog and Morgoth's eyes enough to know what it meant all too well. "'It's rather difficult to break someone who is already broken,'" Saruman quoted softly, his voice not much more than a whisper. His uncontrollable rage was gone, leaving a cold, determined fury behind. He stepped forward, his eyes locked on Sauron's, who knew without a doubt he was in trouble. "You know what?" Saruman continued, stepping even closer to his helpless prisoner, who decided it was extremely uncomfortable that Saruman was taller than he was. "I think I will take that as a challenge," he whispered straight into Sauron's ear, now pinning him against the wall with his own body. He tangled the fingers of his right hand in Sauron's thick black hair, pulling his head back as he kissed him roughly. Sauron tried to escape, but the Ring still held him firmly, as did Saruman himself. His fruitless struggles seemed to amuse Saruman, and pushing Sauron further back into the wall, he forced the younger Maia's mouth open and began tracing his free hand over the contours of Sauron's chest and stomach. Saruman gently teased up the bottom of the tunic Sauron was wearing, running his thumb over the exposed skin just above the top of his breeches. Sauron had only been this terrified once before, the night Morgoth had blamed him for Beren and Lúthien's success, when the fallen Vala had torn him apart thought by thought. The similarities between the two rose up to mock him. Again, he was held by a power stronger than his own, with no hope of escaping on his own. Both were free to do as they liked with him, and both were intent on seeing him abused, humiliated, and degraded. He was helpless… And then Saruman was gone, stumbling backwards. Sauron collapsed, sliding down the wall to huddle at the base of it. Olórin took two steps forward, in his own form again, placing himself between Saruman and Sauron, angrier than either had ever seen him. "Don't. You. Dare. " he snarled at Saruman. They began to fight, their unfettered power shaking all of Mount Doom. Sauron remained slumped against the wall, still trying to gather his equilibrium. Watching, it was almost like he saw it before it happened, or perhaps since the Ring was part of him, he understood its intent. It suddenly expanded rapidly, slipping from Saruman's finger. Sauron instantly understood: Olórin was stronger, and the Ring wanted him instead. But Olórin paid it no mind, too intent on protecting his brother, the love he held protecting him from its insidious whispers. With a quick lunge, he forced Saruman out of the Sammath Naur, a move that rocked the entire mountain. Sauron was thrown away from the wall, landing on his stomach. He shook his head to clear it and glanced up, his gaze instantly caught by the Ring lying just before him. It whispered to him, softly, seductively, poisoning his thoughts with as much skill as Morgoth ever had. He reached for it, despite himself, knowing it had betrayed him; yet he was still under its thrall. Then Bayat's face rose to his mind, still in death as it had never been in life. She had died for him, and Námo and Eru alone knew how many others had done the same. How could he betray them? How could he betray Elrond, Galadriel, and the others, who had been willing to look beyond what he had done in the past and help him? And then there was Olórin. Olórin, who would do anything he could for his little brother. How could Sauron hurt him again? The Valar may throw him into the Void on his arrival in Valinor, but he was going to do anything within his power to keep Olórin for mourning him once more. The Ring, sensing his resistance, threw Saruman's words back at him: there is part of you that wants to be a slave. You are willing to be controlled by anyone strong enough to force you to their will. You know that; you have always known that. Sauron drew himself up on his forearms, staring intently at the small golden thing, smooth and fair, and altogether precious: his creation, his love, his betrayer, his power, his enemy, his soul. "Slave I may be," he told it. "But yours no longer." Then, mind and soul shattered–perhaps beyond repair–but finding in him one last, desperate bit of resistance that had kept him from lying down in defeat so many times before, he flicked the Ring forwards, and sent it flying into the abyss. He felt it hit the Fire; felt its last, impotent wave of hatred sweep over him. He laughed, one incredulous crow of triumph, before he began to scream as it was finally destroyed, and Orodruin began to pull itself apart in torment.