admitted, closing his eyes. "I was afraid that I would be hurt further, so I ran…" "A reasonable reaction, considering what you had already suffered at that point," Námo said. "It would have been better had you returned then, but you did not. What did you do?" "I tried to be good," Sauron said in a broken voice. He would have ducked his head if Námo had allowed him to. "But I failed. And then I enslaved myself to my own creation, and have existed thus for an Age and a half." "An enslavement you managed to free yourself from," Námo reminded him. "Yes, but not before I did unforgivable things…I am evil ," Sauron cried, a sob breaking in his voice on the last word. "Tell me, child, does evil love?" Námo asked quietly. "No," Sauron answered instantly, though he seemed confused by the sudden subject change. Námo gently ran his thumbs over the Maia's cheeks. "Yet everything you have done in this war was out of love for your brother. So then, how can you be evil?" Sauron was silent for a long moment. "But if I'm not evil…what am I?" he asked softly and sincerely. "A stubborn, fragile, and scared young Maia, who has made mistakes, yes, even done great evil…but has also great good. And one who is not yet beyond salvation." Sauron closed his eyes, bitting his lip, and to his surprise, a tear ran down his face. He hadn't been able to cry in so long… "He told me I was," he whispered. "Who did?" Námo asked gently. "Morgoth," Sauron answered. "At the end of the War of Wrath, he asked me if I was going to try to go back…He said–'Remember, little wolf, there is no salvation for you.'" "And who was he to declare your fate?" Námo asked, softly, but there was steel in his voice the Maia could not ignore. "Do you want him to have that power?" Sauron shook his head as much as he could, mouthing 'no'. "Then don't let him," Námo said, releasing the Maia's face to pull him again into his embrace. "Your destiny is your own choice." "But will I get that chance?" Sauron whispered softly. There was no answer, and he knew the Valar were debating his fate. He lay still and quiet in Námo's arms, knowing this might be one of the last times he would be treated gently. He thought of Olórin, and his brother's words on hope. Could he hope? Would everything turn out the way it should be? Atar… his heart whispered softly, emotionally exhausted. He wished he could remember a time when he didn't know what fear and sorrow were. Perhaps then, he would be able to trust in his Creator's love. But perhaps…perhaps it was the not knowing that made it truly Estel. If he hoped, and it was proven false, it would destroy him. But if that hope were groundless, he would be destroyed anyway. So for the first time since he had first let his fear of Melkor become stronger than his trust in Ilúvatar, he let himself hope. Atar…I'm sorry…please…please save me. Námo nodded to Manwë. "You will get your chance, Mairon," he said softly. Mairon exhaled shakily, turning his head to bury it in Námo's chest, feeling the Vala gently stroke his hair. "There are some things you may not like," Námo warned gently. "You will be bound; you will wear a collar. Partially it will be to bind your natural powers, but more than that, it will also protect you. Your mind is extremely fragile at the moment, and I would not see you injured through accident or carelessness. The collar will shield your mind as you naturally would." Námo paused for a moment. "It has been decided you will come with me, until I deem you recovered enough to take up normal service. Then you will be able to decide whom you wish to serve, as any other Maia would. The collar will then be removed when your lord or lady deems it fit." He tilted Mairon's head up to look into his eyes. "Is that acceptable to you?" he asked gently. Mairon nodded. It was more than he'd ever hoped to receive. Aulë reappeared, and Mairon only belatedly realized that he'd been gone. He held in his hands a small band of gold, set with tiny black onyx and rubies. It was small enough to be mistaken for a necklace, and small, reluctant smile graced Mairon's face as he realized it was even in his colors. Námo lifted Mairon's hair out of the way, and a small shiver shook the Maia as he felt his former lord's hands around his neck, carefully and gently fitting the collar. Mairon licked his lips as he read the energy radiating from the collar, realizing it was actually gold-wrapped tilkal . "There," Aulë said in satisfaction as he finished. "The shields within it are dependent on your emotional state," he explained to the Maia. "They will keep out any random or stray thoughts from others, but they can be bypassed if you remain calm. Fear or panic will raise them, and should even be able to keep out a Vala, if you need them to." He gently ran his hand over Mairon's head, neck, and back before returning to his throne. "Is there anything else he needs to know?" Námo addressed Manwë, who shook his head. "Then let's get you home, little one," Námo murmured to Mairon. Home, Mairon thought, a small smile beginning to spread on his face, hands slowly beginning to twine into Námo's robes. That sounded nice. He was going home… And tomorrow he would still be there. Tomorrow he could see Olórin, and tell him he had been right… He closed his eyes with a soft sigh, utterly exhausted, but feeling safe and content. Tilkal is the metal that Aulë created to forge the chain Angainor in the Book of Lost Tales.