Hey, it was a pretty good deal to me. "Okay agreed. First thing tomorrow we will do the refund, has to be early though when my manager Daniel's not around, he has the eyes of a hawk and the ears of a fox, definitely not someone that we can hide this little activity of ours from" Marzanna flailed her arm in the air "No you stupid and ignorant girl, I do not want a refund for this.. I have different plans for my item" This was just getting confusing now. "Well do you want me to give you money for it? I mean I think I have a 20 somewhere in my purse and about 10 dollars in change if you're fine with that, if you're not I can like send you a cheque or even like deposit some money in your bank account if you can text me the details or something" I explained. "You speak in riddles and your tongue attempts to confuse me" accused Marzana suspiciously. "Well do you have ?" "HUSH!" she asserted to me as she lunged for my wrist in what seemed like a flash, the air turning bitter and the winds howling madly as I struggled against her grip, surprisingly overwhelmingly strong for a woman her age and size. As our struggled continued, I managed to foster enough strength to pull myself out of the manic tackle, stumbling backwards as I felt a sharp pain on my wrist. The pain was to the likeness of burning, making my limb ache with pain. I stumbled over a tree branch and hit the floor with a loud thud, heavily thumping my head in an adrenaline fueled daze. I looked to the source of my pain and indeed the only thing there was the bracelet, the small silver chain sitting neatly on my wrist. Standing above me in a display of overwhelming authority, she looked upon my body with some sort of sick accomplishment. Throwing my book, I watched it land upon a small bank of dry land that was a few feet into the pond. "You shall keep both items child, and they in turn shall keep you" She bent down, her sour breath hitting my face as she whispered, "Whether or not you shall accept this exchange is entirely up to you". As she said those last words she disappeared into the darkness, the chilling winds serenely transforming into the warmth and serenity that encompassed the park before. I took a few deep breaths as I attempted to collect myself from the disgruntling and extremely weird scene that I realized I just took part in. I tried not to think about the sheer stupidity that the woman displayed when she gave me the exact same bracelet that she wanted to return, but I guess nutcases indeed have no real motives. Maybe she thought the act was a real "stick it to the man move" in her twisted little mind, but at least she got what she wanted. I noticed that even though the pain within my wrist was slightly subsiding, it was strange the amount It ached and throbbed. Attributing it probably to the woman's fit of rage and the physical struggle that occurred between us, I thought nothing of it as I saw my poor little book sitting on the bank. I observed my work clothes, the black material already tattered, dirty beaten up from the recent events, and thought to myself. Screw it. I paid good money for those books, 40 dollars all together (which, by the way is a substantial amount in a menial laborers life) and I wasn't going to let that old woman have the last laugh. As I wearily got up from my disheveled position on the ground i fixated my eyes on the book, although only about 2 meters in to the pond, seemingly sitting a mile away. Out of all the very stupid and impulsive things I have done in my life I am almost certain that this would probably count as one of them, but I honestly didn't care anymore. Putting one leg ankle deep into the muddy moss laden water, I could feel the water and mud squash into the crevices of my shoe. Gross. What compelled me to keep on going, I honestly didn't know, but before I knew it I was about knee deep in the pond when I found myself only a few centimeters from my book. As I felt a slight sense of liberation overcoming me knowing that JR Tolkien's work would be in my hands once again, a large and random draft of wind sweeped over the once calm pond, carelessly catching the pages of the book and flipping it into the water. So there I found myself, pathetically stranded in the middle of a pond with no book and no actual reason to be in the position I was currently in. As frustration overwhelmed my being for my own stupidity and shitty luck, i mentally cursed Marzana and this whole situation I found myself in. Only, I didn't have time to wallow in self pity. A unnatural force of gravity suddenly attempted to pull me down, the source of which being the bracelet, the ordinary little thing glowing bright blue. Confused and slightly scared, I attempted to take it off- only for it to pull me down with a weight that seemed almost magnetic to the ground. Unable to resist the compelling force that easily brought me to my knees in the pond, I struggled as I fumbled with the bracelet. The whole situation culminated till I found myself face down in the pond itself, descending into blackness as my mind became foggy with sheer panic and bewilderment. At that point, I was pretty sure all of this could have been easily avoided if I had simply given her the return. That, and if I wasn't such a cheap ass and just bought another copy of the book.