commented. "And Curumo's jealousy of you re-ignited in that time," Radagast added. "What, did he think I had done it just to spite him?" Sauron demanded. "Probably," Radagast replied dryly. Sauron sighed in exasperation. "I never thought about him after I left Valinor until he showed up on these shores. I had larger concerns." "And yet, your feud had not ended for him," Olórin replied. "So it continues now," Sauron said quietly. "Have you ever thought about it?" he asked the other two Maiar. "Almost all the wars that have been fought so far…have all stemmed from us, and the disagreements and wars we fought amongst ourselves long before the Children awoke. It's ironic, considering why we entered Eä to begin with." "I think it's sad," Radagast commented quietly. "That we did not have enough wisdom to set aside our own quarrels and thus dragged the younger races into them." "Morgoth's hatred was more than a quarrel, Aiwendil," Sauron said quietly. He shook his head. "I never understood how Lord Manwë could stand it." He looked at Olórin. "When you found out I had fallen…I thought you hated me. And that hurt. To know not only that my brother hated me, but was actively trying to destroy everything I held dear…I cannot imagine." "That's where our own need for Estel comes from," Olórin said softly. "Men…need it for the courage to face the night, and to trust that there will be something beyond this world. Dwarves…for the assurance they are not forgotten by their creator. Elves…to overcome the fear that there will be nothing left for them after Arda's end. And us…we need it to trust that all will come out right, that all we have sacrificed and lost will be worth it, and someday we will rejoice without sorrow." "And can we trust that?" Sauron asked, almost to quiet to be heard, looking down. Olórin reached out and wrapped an arm around his shoulders, pulling him into his embrace. "I thought I had lost you forever," Olórin whispered. "I do not believe I have found you again only to loose you." Sauron rested his head on his brother's shoulder and closed his eyes, not caring it was in front of everyone. He stayed like that time, while silence reigned. Then he raised his head, feeling Olórin letting go of him. "Well, I think we Ainur have caused enough problems for everyone else," he said. "Shall we put an end to it, and let them cause their own problems?" Chuckles greeted that, Radagast laughing outright. "I like that idea, little brother," Olórin said with a smile. "Do you have a plan on how to do it?" "Why am I always the one who has to come up with the plans?" Sauron mock complained. "Because you're good at it," Olórin replied, winking. "Well, this is harder than simply getting back at you and Eönwë when the two of you would team up to prank me," Sauron said dryly. Olórin laughed, remembering. "It would have been easier if Saruman had remained at Barad-dûr…except that then I doubt I would have been able to get away had he done so," Sauron mused, his mood changing. "Perhaps if he were driven out of Orthanc, he would return there?" Legolas asked. "Like what you did at Dol Guldur?" Sauron asked. "It's possible, though driving him out of Orthanc is nearly as much of a challenge as actually assaulting him there." "Not necessarily," Olórin said. "All you would have to do is do enough damage to Orthanc that Barad-dûr would become an attractive possibility. It would suit his fancy, and tickle his ever-growing pride, I think, to take up operations there." "And once there, he'd most likely staff it at least partially with my old servants, which will give us an inside advantage. Also, we'd be closer to Mount Doom." "Why would your former slaves be willing to help?" Aragorn asked. "Because most of them are women that I saved from the less than savory appetites of my coarser underlings," Sauron said. "They were always treated very well, and were actually remarkably loyal to me." "So you think it's possible to actually defeat Saruman if he were in Barad-dûr?" Elrond asked. Sauron nodded. "It would at least be attemptable, unlike what I see happening if we try to assault him in Orthanc." "So the question is, how do we make Barad-dûr seem like the better fortress?" Glóin asked. "That is the question," Sauron agreed dryly. He rubbed his temples. "We would almost certainly have to attack…but we have no army to do so…" "And it would be leading men pointlessly to their deaths if we tried," Aragorn cut in. Sauron ignored him. "What about the Ents?" Radagast suddenly said. "Ents?" Sauron asked. "Saruman is using Fangorn forest to fuel his war machines," Radagast said. "My lady's children will not take kindly to that treatment of the forest they guard. They would, perhaps, see ridding Isengard of Saruman a worthwhile endeavor." "They might be able to do it… though not alone," Sauron mused. "Olórin, do you think you could convince the Eagles to help? They are rather fond of you." "I might be able to, yes," Olórin said. "But what role would they play?" "They dropped stones and other such items during the Battle of the Five Armies," Glóin commented. "Yes, but that won't be much good against Orthanc," Olórin said with slight exasperation. "Not unless the rocks would explode." "Hmm," Sauron mused, an idea beginning to take hold. "Ents…Eagles…Explosives…" He smiled mischievously. "I haven't seen you grin like that since that you prank you played on Eönwë and me that got us banished from any of Lady Vána's experiments, and ended up with us placed among Lady Yavanna's people 'until we had learned respect for her creations,'" Olórin said dryly. Radagast snickered, remembering the incident. Sauron's grin simply grew bigger. "Oh no, Olórin," he said in an innocent tone. "This is going to be much better."