smallest nod in response; a minute later, the elaborate pattern took him diagonally across the set to circle with Arwen, and he murmured to her also. Arwen hastily checked a burst of laughter and smiled delightedly at them both. Moments later, the equivalent steps brought Rowanna into Aragorn's firm hold. "Legolas and I have a favour to ask of you and the Queen, Sire," she began in the Grey Tongue, "to help us out of a dilemma in which we find ourselves..." He quirked an eyebrow at her as they circled. "Speak it, lady." She murmured to him as Legolas had to Arwen; less restrained than his Queen, the King roared with laughter. "So be it, cousin! You have my good will!" As the rest of the set rustled with curiosity, he returned her punctiliously to her place and sketched her a bow. The dance wound its stately way towards its close; as it concluded with a flourish from the musicians up in the gallery, each dancer turned and bowed or curtseyed, first to those on either side, and finally to their own partner. Rowanna swept Legolas the deepest and most graceful curtsey she had ever managed in her life; he bowed low to her, hand on heart – then drew her to her feet, into his arms, and, passionately, kissed her. And kissed her... And kissed her. She heard the shocked gasps, first from the rest of their set, then spreading outwards through the hall as with nudgings and murmurings the news flew like wildfire; her heart soared, and she felt Legolas' answering surge of delight. Indeed, my lords and ladies of Gondor – spread the word. Legolas is mine, and I am his, and here and now we declare our love without shame. Make of it whatever you will! At last they broke apart, eyes sparkling; then turned to face Aragorn and Arwen, who had watched the whole scene and were smiling broadly. Legolas and Rowanna made their reverence once again; the King and Queen stepped forward and embraced them. Aragorn signalled to the musicians, who struck up once more, and the stunned silence in the Hall of Feasts exploded into chatter as all four – Aragorn conspicuously arm-in-arm with Rowanna and Legolas with Arwen – left the set and made their way across to Éowyn's alcove. They said their goodnights to the White Lady and the Steward; Faramir pointedly clasped arms with Legolas, bowed low to Rowanna and kissed her hand as they made their final touches were put to Rowanna's satisfaction by the sight, discreetly pointed out to her by Legolas, of Ithildîs watching them go and looking horrified, envious and utterly thunderstruck all at once. ... "I'm glad Aragorn and Arwen were not offended," Rowanna admitted with relief. "Not for the world would I have caused them any embarrassment. Unlike Ithildîs - did you see her face?" Much later – after partaking of a final glass of Dorwinion in the private royal chambers with Aragorn, Arwen and a highly amused Faramir – they were wandering back down to the Rath Míriel unaccompanied, cloaked against the cold and arms tightly wound about each other's waists. "She'll never speak to me again," Rowanna observed happily. "Promise me you won't go down to breakfast before me in the morning – I must see her expression when she tries to work out what to say to you!" "How ungenerous of you, rohiril ," Legolas teased. "Though I freely admit, if anyone deserves to be discomfited after the way she and her coterie behaved to you this evening, 'tis Lady Ithildîs! What in Elbereth's name makes her so joyless?" "I think she was born so," Rowanna sighed. "Though Mother says she is even further soured by feeling she cannot profit from her new-forged connection to Eryn Lasgalen's royalty..." " That line of advance I sincerely hope we have cut off for good," Legolas protested. "Profit from me – what am I, one of Gimli's mines?" This idea reduced Rowanna to helpless giggles. "It's just as well Gimli wasn't here tonight," she gasped when she could speak. "His Dwarven sense of propriety would have been much offended..." "So would his care for his friends, at the disdain being so-subtly directed at us," the Elf pointed out. "He would have understood the need for desperate measures!" "Desperate indeed," Rowanna observed dryly, "being forced to embrace in public! Do you think it worked?" "A good question," Legolas mused. "But just to make sure, melethen – perhaps we should do it again..." "Mmmm. There's an idea." They halted on the corner of the Rath Míriel. "Public enough?" "Not very. But perhaps, for now, it will do..." They pulled each other close, and kissed again long and deeply under the brilliant midwinter stars. Worth it, indeed. ... Author's notes: talan – platform for sleeping or living in trees, as used by the Lothlórien Elves and, in my fic, adopted by Legolas' Ithilien colony. mettarë – New Year's Eve: for the Elves, a spring festival, but for the Dúnedain, celebrated on the winter solstice. brethilgaer – copper beech rohiril – horse-lady (one of Legolas' nicknames for Rowanna, originally coined by Elrohir) melethen – my love brennilen – milady " Mae govannen, mellyn nin, a mettarë mereth! Lenn maer od Ithilien?" - "Well met, my friends, and happy New Year's Eve! A good journey from Ithilien?" gwedhanten – lit. "bound one"; bond-mate, one who is 'bound' in the Elven sense to a life-partner. (The verb is Tolkien's but as far as I know I'm inventing this particular usage of it.) This story was at least partially inspired by curiouswombat's hilarious short fic The Right Kind of Shield (available on LiveJournal or the Faerie Tolkien fanfiction archive), in which Legolas needs protection from very much the same sort of harassment from over-keen mortal matrons as in this piece... And the title comes from a quotation from Thomas Fuller: "A lie has no leg, but a scandal has wings."