was, Aragorn thought, something horribly ironic about that, that Sauron had been so badly hurt by what he had intended to prevent exactly that. Sauron shifted slightly, and his voice took on an odd pleading sound. "It wasn't like I was planning to hurt everyone else, I was really going to make their lives better. There wouldn't be all the chaos that ends with everyone involved being hurt. Everyone could be happy, everything would be perfect…" He trailed off. "I guess it was just a foolish dream, in the end." "I think it was a worthy goal, but not one that could be accomplished," Aragorn said. "If we were simply handed our heart's desires, we would soon find they meant nothing to us. We would wish for more and more, seeking to fill the emptiness within with mere things." Sauron was silent, thinking on what Aragorn had said. They said nothing more, until Olórin came in, grief evident on his face. "He's gone," he said softly. He sat down next to Sauron, pulling him into his arms. "He's in a better place now," Aragorn said gently. "He's with Frodo again, Frodo and the rest of his family who have left the bounds of Arda." "You'll see him again someday," Sauron said certainly. "None know what Ilúvatar's plan is concerning them, but surely you would not come to love them so if there was no reunion in the future." Olórin said nothing, but the grief in his eyes eased slightly. They sat in silence, staring into the fire, as Radagast, Elrond, and Galadriel all slowly drifted into the room, gathering in mutual support and grief. They had lost much, and would lose more before this war was over, but tonight they were together, and while that did not completely assuage the pain, it made it easier to bear. "Olórin?" Sauron asked suddenly, breaking the silence. "Assuming everything goes as we wish…what are we going to do with Curumo?" Olórin looked at him sharply. "I assumed we'd be taking him back to Valinor," he said. "What were you thinking?" "I'm…conflicted," Sauron admitted. "He's so focused on what he wants now, that if we were to destroy the fána he wears now, he would be unlikely to recover. A very large part of me feels that's very fair… and another part thinks of you, and of me, and feels that we should take him back to Valinor, for it would be what I would wish another to do if it were us in that situation, but I don't like either of them, and don't see how I owe them anything, but still …" "Nyeleccaner?" Olórin cut off his little brother's semi-confusing rant. Sauron nodded. "Who is Nyeleccaner?" Elrond asked. "Aulë's chief Maia," Galadriel answered him. "And Curumo's older brother," Olórin added. "They have two younger brothers, as well," Radagast further added. Aragorn looked surprised. "I never thought about Maiarin families," Aragorn said. "I knew about the familial relationships between the Valar, but other than Eönwë and Ilmarë being siblings, as well as Ossë and Uinen being espoused, and of course the two of you, but other than that, I know of no lore of such relationships." "Probably because they tend to get complicated," Olórin said dryly. "Generally a Maia will have two to four siblings, and a good many are espoused, creating even larger familial networks. On top of that, those Maiar who all serve the same Vala often consider themselves family as well. Possibly the least tangled are Eönwë and Ilmarë: neither are wed, and the only Maiar I know who have only one other sibling." "Well, there's the two of you…" Radagast said. "No, wait, you have a little sister, don't you?" Aragorn was surprised at the identical, fond, nostalgic smiles that appeared on Olórin and Sauron's faces. "Yes, Indil," Sauron replied. "We are the only family I know of that split when Eä was formed, but she was so young…she's younger than I am, obviously, and I'm already the fourth youngest here in Eä. She was too young, and she knew it, and stayed in the Timeless Halls…" he sighed, leaning against Olórin. "Seeing now how everything has played out, it would have been better if I had listened to you, Olórin. We should have never left." "For what it's worth, Mairon, other than losing you, I have no regrets," Olórin said softly. Sauron gave him a wry smile, but true amusement lurked behind part of it. "I was also speaking on my own account," he admitted. He shook his head. "I truly was too young. Too young to see behind the lies and flattery to the Darkness…oh, why am I trying to lie to myself? I could see what lay hidden. I simply ignored it, for I wanted so desperately for what he was saying to be true." "You're not the only one who has done that, Mairon," Olórin said gently. "You should know that…Valar know you've used that often enough yourself." Sauron smiled humorlessly. "Where do you think I learned it?" he asked. "The Deceiver was once expertly deceived," he added in a mutter so soft Olórin wasn't sure anyone else had heard it. "And by the time I was forced to realize the lies were just that, I couldn't find a way back that wouldn't have horrific consequences for me and everyone I loved." "And you still believe that the Valar would not show you mercy?" Olórin asked, exasperated. "Even with all that?" "In the end, Olórin, I made the choice," Sauron replied, meeting his brothers eyes. "I made the choice to give in to Melkor, and betray everything I had once held dear. Maybe I was pressured into it, yes, but that does not change the fact that in the end, I had the choice…Perhaps they would have shown mercy once, but now? After all that I have done?" He shook his head. "There is no salvation for me." Olórin didn't know how to answer that.