Tigerlilly dancing in his head. The next morning as he thanked his hosts for their hospitality, they presented him with a wooden pipe and a wooden box. "Go out towards the left and you'll come to the hills where they grow, gather a pinch and take them home to the Shire, safe journeys!" Toby did as he was instructed but when he came to the hill; a moment's fancy stopped him as the sweet smell of the flowers after the rain bloomed before him. He thought of the way Tigerlilly loved her garden and how she always smiled when he had brought her flowers during their courtship. He took a small knife out of his pack and dug up the closest herb, roots and all and planted in tenderly in the empty wooden box. He could always come back and get some more with Willy- today, he had thoughts only for his wife and her smile. As it happens, old Toby came home and he and Tigerlilly planted the herb in their garden and tended to it. Without quite knowing how, they soon had a large section of their garden overtaken by the herb but it was such a sweet smelling flower, Tigerlilly just laughed and moved her vegetables to the other side of the house. When fall came, Toby went out with Togo and picked the flowers and laid them out to dry on their front step. The next evening, a solemn knock on the door interrupted their evening routine. Opening the door, it revealed a most unexpected guest- the Thrain himself, standing rather unhappily on their porch, a glowering Ruby behind him. "Mr. Hornblower," the Thrain rumbled, holding his hand out in greeting. "I am-" "He knows you are!" Snapped Ruby, and pushing past her grand relative she entered the hall, stomping her feet, flecks of mud splattering the wiped floors Tigerlilly had worked so hard on that morning. "You have a bunch of weeds littering the front porch and they are making me sneeze!" she announced, before continuing on," Now where's Tigerlilly?" "Down the hall-," he started but Ruby was marching on, disappearing around the corner, making herself at home. He felt his stomach twist and he turned to look at the elder hobbit beside him who looked most uncomfortable. "Can I offer you some tea?" Toby asked, gesturing to the kitchen and dining area. The Thrain nodded gratefully and followed him in. It was a quick story- the Thrain explained Ruby was making life quite unpleasant for everyone at the Took Hall and how in Shire law- the widow was to receive the property and while she had moved out and given it to Tigerlilly for her dowry- she hadn't written it or signed anything to make it legal. The smial was Ruby's in the eyes of the Shire. Toby sighed, reaching his hand to his pocket, he withdrew his pipe, and in a rehearsed manner- indeed he had taken to smoking most evenings and this was the last of his dried pipe weed from his recent trip to Bree with Willy, and he lit up and inhaled deeply in the middle of the Thrain's apology for the situation. "What is that?" The Thrain suddenly said, and Toby looked up to see the wide eyed look as the Thrain watched the smoke ring (Toby had been practicing) disappear down the hall. "Pipe weed," Toby answered, handing the pipe over to the Thrain and directing him to breathe in but not inhale, "I just started growing it out in the garden, picked it this morning. Can send some back with you this evening, if you'd like." It was over an hour later that Ruby stomped down the hall in a rage, Berylla had been sick on her and Tigerlilly had been in such a state of worry, she had laughed despite herself. "Are you quite done with this-"she stormed in raging, before abruptly sneezing. "Bless you, my dear," The Thrain said absently, taking another inhale. "What in the world?" She hissed, eyes watering as the two hobbits contently blew smoke rings at her from the kitchen table. "Pipe Weed, Ruby," the Thrain smiled, "Toby here is growing it, and I've just been talking to him about starting up a bit of a business with it." "Well, he'll have to do it somewhere else!" She snarled but sneezed halfway through it, "this is my home and I want him and this terrible stuff out!" Toby leaned back in his chair and blew a rather large smoke ring, the circle perfectly fitting itself to her face as it blew past her down the hall. She coughed and snarled and stomped her foot, a claw of a finger coming to point at him when the Thrain spoke. "Actually, Ruby, the plant is quickly taking over the garden and it seems you are rather allergic to it. You won't be able to live here at all with those growing wild outside! Imagine the pocket handkerchiefs you'll go through in a week alone!" Ruby's eyes narrowed but a sneezing fit overtook her and she was forced to leave them and go down the hall, sneezing and muttering before a large bang indicated she had let herself out. "Better be off," the Thrain said regretfully, handing the clay pipe he had borrowed (Willy usually left a spare around), " Best make sure she gets back to the manor in one piece. I'll be in contact about setting up a shop for that wonderful discovery of yours and I'll send my boys Willow and Brillow over this week – they're very interested in wood carvings- may help you make some pipes and such. Pipe Weed, glorious stuff." And he let himself out, leaving Tobold Hornblower sitting at his kitchen table with his feet up and blowing smoke rings into the air, his family's laughter ringing down the halls. He wasn't to know of course, but he was about to become a very famous Hobbit.