down. Legolas shot the troll again, this time in the head killing it successfully. Pipin hit the floor when the troll fell. Amaranth went to see if he was alright. Silence fell upon the fellowship. -Oh no! Aragorn ran to Frodo and turned him over. The Hobbit groaned. -He's alive! -I'm all right, I'm not hurt. -You should be dead! That spear would have skewered a wild boar. -I think there's more to this hobbit than meets the eye. I had my doubts and Amaranths actions proved them right. He smiled at the vampire. -If he was in real danger, she would've saved him, for that was her oath. Frodo revealed his mithril shirt. -Mithril! You are full of surprises Master Baggins. They stood there in silence for a moment. -Hurry! To the bridge of Khazad-dum! They all got ready and Aragorn helped Frodo up. -Master Gandalf! The fellowship looked to the door. A young man stood there. His hair was dirty blond and long. He resembled the elves much, though he was dressed in black. His eyes were blue expressing his astonishment. -I never thought Id meet you here! Gandalf looked a little bit surprised but covered it. -I could say the same for you, Palandir. The man came forward. -You all look tired. I have been settled in a part of Moria where there are no Orcs. Come and rest there. Most of the fellowship looked like they trusted the man. Gandalf was the only one who was a little suspicious about Palandir. The young man walked towards Frodo and knelt down in front of the Ring bearer. -You look especially tired, Master Hobbit. It seems to me that you carry a heavy burden. Yet, my sight of future is misty. Frodo looked at him. His expression was unreadable. -Show me what is it that hurts you and I will help you in any way I can. Palandirs eyes were now changing color. Slowly but surely they became red. Frodo's hand grasped the ring trough his shirt. Aragorn tried to move to help him, but realized that he was bound to the place where he stood. He tried to yell, but it seamed like his voice was lost, too. Palandir reached out to Frodo. A sword was now dangerously placed near his neck. -That's as far as you go, Palandir. He laughed a bit at Amaranth. -My dear Amy! You should know better but to point a sword at one of your own race. She smiled, sadness expressed trough her face. -The Lady Amaranth of the Vampire kingdom you once knew is long gone. Now, I am just Amaranth, a vampire who holds her oaths. He grinned, showing his fangs. -So that's why you couldn't move from that passage. Balin must've told you to guard it. He laughed. His laugh was cold and full of evil. It sent chills up and down the spines. Amaranth didn't say anything. Palandir stood up and walked a few steps towards the door, and then he turned. -I wish I was in the place of my little brother, Amaranth. I wouldn't have broken your heart. Amaranths eyes changed color into red and she appeared in front of him. Her sword was at his neck. Silver tears were rolling down her face. -Look at how weak you are! He made you weak! You can't even hold you sword! Indeed, her arm was trembling. -I wish I could've been in his place to teach you properly. I wonder how long haven't you fought? Her face became serious and tears stopped. -I will not hesitate to kill you, Palandir. She whispered. He laughed. -We'll see about that! In a blink of an eye, he caught her hand and grasped it tight. -Aaaghhh! She let go of her sword, it fell onto the floor. -You are weak Amaranth and to think you wanted to fight me. In one swift moment he threw her across the room, effortlessly. Amaranth hit one of the walls with a loud 'thud' and fell down onto the floor. -You should stay there, hanarienna (princess in old vampire language) Aragorn felt his feet get loose so did he feel his throat. -Legolas, shoot him! He yelled as the vampire went for Frodo again. Aragorn attacked, but his sword was caught into Palandir's teeth. The vampire swung his head throwing Aragorn into Boromir, who was running to help. He went a few steps further when two arrows shot him. He turned to Legolas and grinned showing his sharp teeth. -An elf? He laughed. -I fear that I would have to forget the Ring for the moment to settle old vampire scores. His eyes turned redder as he launched himself towards the elf with great speed. Legolas shot a few more arrows, but Palandir dodged. He drew his dagger and attacked the elf. Legolas blocked with his knives. The vampire grinned. -Typical elvish style of fighting. Bat-like wings emerged from his back ripping trough his clothes. Sharp ends went to stab the elf. Then they stopped. There was a painful expression on Palandir's face. Legolas looked around, searching for his savior. There she was, standing near one of the corpses, Amaranth. Hot blood was running down her face while wetting parts of her bangs. She had a dagger in her hand, she must've taken it from the corpse. Another dagger the same as the one she held was deep inside Palandir's tight. He turned to her, taking out the knife in the process. -I see you are using your vampire knowledge against your own kind. -I am not using it against my kind, but against the vampires who betrayed the kingdom and joined Sauron. He laughed again, as if teasing her. -You shall die today, Amaranth! For you have chosen the wrong person to fight! His eyes were blood-red. Frodo felt a wave go over him as Palandir spoke. He knew that this battle was not on their level. -We will see about that.