seldom taken, and the trail heavily overgrown. Maybe he had passed it already, though he could not be sure. He eventually passed the full valley of the Bruinnen, then traveled south. Reaching the main road that went through Imladris, Legolas went west for a short time, not sure of what he was looking for. The road was heavily used in both directions. Elrond's sons are not pure elf , Thranduil's words echoed in Legolas's mind. If Donathorn had held onto that thought then he would have not even traveled close to Imladris if it could be helped. He would go south of the Bruinnen valley. If nothing was found Legolas decided he would go down to the pass of Rohan to continue his search. Legolas worked his way west of Imladris, still not exactly sure what he was looking for. It was then that he came across tracks of several horses leaving the main road and turning south. The depth of the prints alerted him to the fact that the animals were carrying weight of some kind. From his history lessons he knew this particular trail had not been used in several millennia, which made it all the more odd. The small group, it seemed, did not want to be discovered. More out of curiosity than anything else, Legolas followed the trail the group left. It took almost another week to reach the foothills of the mountains. It was an old pass that lead to the southern part of Mirkwood, and Dol Guldur, though it did split and allowed one to head towards his father's realm. "Elbereth," he whispered when the trees opened up to a small clearing revealing less than a dozen graves and a mound of what looked like burned carcasses. Although it was old the feel of death still hung in the air. He dismounted quickly and moved towards the graves. Something caught his eye on one in particular. Reaching the one in question, Legolas knelt down and picked it up. It was a family crest, specifically the one that represented Donathorn and his family. His father had shown him the crest when the letters first started arriving. Out of respect, the wood-elf touched his forehead then placed his hand on his chest while bowing his head. There was nothing he could say to help them along with their journey. Adar was right, I have no chance of at least meeting her until she arrives in Valinor , he thought somberly. Looking over the clearing again Legolas could feel mostly regret, but there was grief there, too. When that was realized he knew he needed to go to Imladris for healing. With the crest still in hand, Legolas went over and placed it in one of the saddlebags then mounted his horse. Taking one last look around, he left the clearing and moved north back to the main road. What am I to do? I was really looking forward to meeting her , he though sadly. Why are the Valar so cruel? he asked the rhetorical question when he reached the main road. Turning back all Legolas could see were trees. Closing his eyes, Legolas turned west on the road to Imladris. Entering the elven realm, the young prince could feel he was being watched, it was the same when you entered into his father's kingdom, though no wardens met him on the road. When he neared the sanctuary he let his horse choose its own pace. They entered the courtyard at a leisurely speed. Master Elrond was standing just outside the main building. "Legolas, what brings you to Imladris?" the much older elf called. Looking around for a moment Legolas dismounted and handed the reins to a servant who then lead the horse away. With a quick move the young prince removed the crest from the saddlebag and slipped it into a pouch before the horse was out of reach. Stepping up to Elrond, Legolas spoke quietly, "I wish to spend time here for healing. The reasons why, I wish to keep private." Elrond cocked his head slightly, quite curious now especially after the last time the young prince and his twin sons had been together. "Does your father know of your coming here?" "Yes, Master Elrond," Legolas bowed his head. "You may send a mess- -" Elrond cut Legolas off with a slight smile and wave of the hand, "You need not explain your actions, young one. You may stay as long as needed for healing." "Thank you, my lord," Legolas gratefully answered. Small footsteps could be heard just inside the house. Through the door burst a small child. When he caught sight of Legolas the child's eyes widened then disappointment spread across the small face. Elrond's face softened as he turned to the child, "Go back inside to your studies, Estel." "But I thought. . ." "You thought what?" Elrond placed a hand on the child's shoulder. "That they had returned, Ada." "It has been three weeks, Estel. If they had returned, it would have been much earlier than this. Now go back to Erestor, and your studies." "Yes, Ada," Estel nodded then trudged back inside towards the study. "My lord?" Legolas asked in confusion as he looked from the retreating child to the elf-lord. "Is he. . ." Elrond turned back to Legolas and shook his head, "It is not what you think. Estel is my foster-son. He is also one of the Edain." Legolas's eyes widened in surprise. "He is from one of the Dúnedain families. His mother wished for him to be fostered here until he comes of age." Elrond gazed on Legolas for a short time as if searching the young prince's soul. "He had lost much in his first two years, and it has taken me five more to bring him out of his shell. He needs a friend." "If he is only seven what can I do?" "Let him be himself, and be a friend to him." TBC...