been very enjoyable, if not a bit different from what I am used to." The ellon, Thranduil noted, was very polite. It was little wonder he had been chosen as emissary to his King. "Have you traveled much in this part of the world Lord Elrond?" "Nay, though I have been to Lorelindorinan on several occasions. But I have never gone farther than that." "Indeed, we have many kinsmen in those woods. My wife's cousin Nimrodhel dwells there, perhaps you have met her." Elrond inclined his head, "Indeed, she is a very gifted singer and admired by all. I have even heard that prince Amroth intends to make her his bride." "In that case a toast to them both." Thranduil raised his goblet as did the Lord Elrond. When they had both drank, Thranduil set his goblet aside and lent forward a bit. "Is it true what they say of the sacking of Eriegion? That the Lord Celebrimbor was slain and taken by the servants of Sauron?" The name of the lieutenant of the great enemy felt like ashes upon his tongue. "Indeed." The lord's face was somber, "Though we retrieved the body all of that land is now overrun and will not be retaken unless the enemy falls." "Will those who dwell in Khazad-dum not help drive the filth from the land?" Thranduil had no love for the dwarves—indeed after the sacking of Menegroth he would not tolerate them—yet the dwarves were neighbors to Eriegion and would share an interest in seeing them reclaimed. "Nay, they have shut their doors and will not march out in our defense." That at least is like dwarves. They would hide in their caverns until the fighting was over. He was about to say something scathing about the true nature of the Naugrim when a cool voice interrupted him. "My love, I should like to play for our guests." Lerethiel rose from her seat at the table, allowing one pale hand to graze across Thranduil's collar as she did so. It was a small enough motion but even through the fabric of his robes it caused gooseflesh to rise upon his skin. The elves had set out a harp in the center of the room—of the kind the woodland folk used—and with a swish of silk she settled herself about it. Her long fingers were graceful and ever so soft as she plucked at the strings. "She is your wife my prince?" Elrond asked in a hushed voice, eyes fixed on the performance. "Indeed." "She is very lovely, you are lucky." You do not know the half of it Noldo. He thought. Images from earlier that day—Lerethiel tangled in the sheets and upon the cool flagstones of their chamber—filled his mind. "Thank you." They watching in silence as Lerethiel built her melody, the song taking on urgency until finally the last stanza broke and pulled her fingers away from the strings and allowed the notes to fade into silence. To polite applause she took her seat beside her husband once more. "Beautiful." Thranduil complimented her. She smiled and raised one eyebrow conspiratorially, a hand brushing across his upper thigh as she rearranged her skirts. The tips of his ears flushed ever so slightly. Elrond bowed his head to her, "You are a very gifted harpist, my lady." Lerethiel's gaze switched from her husband to the ellon. "You are very kind to say that." "Not at all, it has been very long years since I have heard music so sweet to my ears." She laughed, "Such flattery! Though perhaps you had best direct it at one who is not already wedded." The tips of the herald's ears went bright scarlet. "That is not what I meant." "Of course it is not," Thranduil interceded hoping Elrond was not affronted by the comment, "my wife is fond of teasing our visitors." "Certainly," Elrond had regained a bit of his composure, "and it is of little matter for I am already betrothed." His chest puffed out a little as he said so. "Indeed?" Lerethiel paused, a goblet pressed to her lips. "And who is the lucky elleth?" "I am not sure if you would know her my lady, she the lady Celebrian daughter of Galadriel and Celeborn." "I knew of the lord and lady but I was not aware they had a daughter." "Indeed, we have known each other since childhood. She was raised in the courts of Gil-galad. We have the blessing of both her mother and father, but we have decided to wait to marry until the business in the east is settled." Thranduil glanced sideways at his wife. They had not been so patient in waiting to be wed, indeed he remembered it as a rather rushed affair. Lerethiel smiled at Elrond, "Then I hope for your sake as well as ours that this business shall be resolved quickly." "Even as you say my lady." .0. Later in their chambers, entwined in a tangle of sheets Thranduil told Lerethiel about all that had transpired at the council. She lifted her head from his chest, eyes silver in the moonlight. "You think the King will send us to war?" "My father may have no choice. War is upon our doorstep already." She sighed, "Then so be it." "Are you not frightened?" "Of course, but if it is meant to happen then how can we change fate?" "It is as if the peace we have worked so hard for will be undone. War—even if we win—could be catastrophic for this kingdom." He could not keep the exasperation from his tone. "It is not for certain yet is it?" "No." "Then maybe it will not come to that." She burrowed her head back against him, breath peaceful and measured. "Maybe it will not." He wished he could find the faith to believe the words. Any reviews are appreciated, thanks for reading Naugrim- A rather unkindly word for the dwarves Lachen- bright eyed, a name for the Noldor.