him and cutting him into pieces. He then grabbed his sword, which had fallen a few inches away from him in the middle of the fight and swung it at an unsuspecting warg, killing it. However, he realized that move had caused him all of energy and all he could do was fall down to the floor, trying to regain his breath. His saviour, a hooded figure, moved with such an agility that Estel thought it was superhuman. He admired his speed and his agility, how he moved as swift as a current of water but also how quiet he was, like the wind. Easily, the figure picked up the two arrows from his previous kills and grabbing them, he used them like a knife, sticking it through one of the orc's head. Then, putting his arrows back to his quiver, he quickly turned around to block a cut with his bare hands that would've beheaded him immediately. He then grabbed his knife from one of his sheaths and stabbed the orc's gut and slashed his throat, pushing him back by kicking his chest with his feet. Suddenly, one of the wargs turned to pounce on top of him and turned just in time for it to fall on top of him. For a moment, Estel thought he was crushed but realizing the warg had uttered a high-pitched whine, he realized the figure had managed to stab the warg's heart at the very last moment. Pushing him out of the way, he went and faced the two remaining wargs. He spun gracefully, like one of his father's dancers and after a blur of claws and knives, the wargs were down, lying lifelessly on the ground. The cloaked figure turned to Estel. Estel wanted to scream, shout for help at least. He supposed he should thank his saviour for helping him...but after watching him kill all the orcs and wargs in less than five minutes was a pretty big impression. He gulped, opening his mouth to utter a word, something when the figure silently put a finger to his lips and pointed out to the forest. Estel heard some soft growls and the sounds of paws running against the ground and he knew what the figure meant: more orcs were coming. No wonder , he thought. We were as loud as an orchestra. Slowly, he saw that the figure beckoned a hand towards a path in front of him. Estel nodded in understanding and started following, trying to mimic the figure's quiet steps. The figure pointed a hand towards a tree, meaning for him to climb it. Estel obliged, not wanting to get with this guy's bad side and quickly scrambled up the branches. Huddled in the leaves, he watched as the stranger knocked an arrow on his bow, aiming at nothing in particular. Frowning, Estel watched as the arrow flew and hit a spot in the darkness. Had the archer just wasted an arrow for nothing? Suddenly, a cry came out as a orc body slumped forward and twelve growls came at once, as a dozen orcs came out from the trees. They ran towards the mysterious stranger and as quick as lightning strikes, the archer knocked six arrows and released six of them, all striking them targets. The remaining six he faced with close combat, taking out a pair of knives and stabbing two at the same time. Soon, he also had those six dead and looked back at Estel, beckoning for him to come down. Because it was coast clear. For now. The boy knew there were still orcs around the zone. He could feel the restlessness of the forest, the tension in the air and the foul-stench of death. He knew those orcs would eventually overwhelm them, even with this stranger's unquestionable ability. That is why he immediately obliged following the stranger as he slipped through the forest, prancing like a deer. Moments later, they found themselves out of the forest and in a cave. It was small but it stood in a high hill, where you could get a good decent view of the forest, which was terribly little compared to the other grand forests. Estel saw that the stranger had claimed this place as his, for he saw that his pack was spread all over the floor. He was currently standing up, his back against him and he was examining some sort of herb. Estel sucked some air, his hand slowly creeping towards the hilt of his sword. It was true this stranger had just saved him...but could he truly trust him? Perhaps he was just a blood thirsty assassin. Or maybe he was kidnapping him for a bounty! That is why as the stranger turned around to speak with Estel, Estel unsheathed his sword and then brought it down to chop off the stranger's hand. O-O-O AN: Whoa! That was sort of a cliffie, right? A lot of descriptions in this chapter, something I'm awfully bad at but I hope I did OK. Anyways, yeah, not very interesting. Little to no dialect. I know, I know...but it'll get good in the next chapter, I promise. After all, don't you guys want to find out if the stranger's hand got chopped off? Hahaha, just kidding. ;) This is not Game of Thrones. But don't lie...some of you actually did enjoy Jaime getting his hand chopped off. I did, I admit. Anyways, review, follow or favorite! Remember, criticism is cherished! Grammar Nazis are most certainly welcome! But there should be NO FLAMES! Remember, nobody is perfect and they are always learning, that is why instead of bringing the flames, give criticism and tips. Oh, and yeah...the so very boring disclaimer: do I look like Tolkien to you? Most certainly not...I'm not even British (but they sure do have killer tea and accents). Am I one of the most talented fathers of fantasy? No. So yeah, all characters and setting go to the most wonderful Professor Tolkien.