even now her face look paler then it should have been. Just as she looked him over, he looked over her. She was wearing tights of brown, she had on a pair of dark leather boots that ended just before her knee caps. The tan colored shirt she had on come down to her mid thighs, giving it a look of a short shirt. A faded gray cloak that once had been rapped around her shoulders now the only reason it wasn't totally on the ground was thanks to the silver clasp on her collarbone, it was her only fancy adornment. On her waist there was a leather belt with a sheath, the sheath was obviously not for the sword in her hand. Her hair was pulled back into what used to be a tight braid, but was loosened a great deal, do to fighting for some time. The woman's left arm hung limply at her side, he could only guess that it had been injured in the battle. As she tensed and pulled up her sword ready to fight, her eyes flashed with anger and utter hate. He wasn't quite sure what he had done to make her look at him in such a way, all he knew was now she look like she was going to kill him. Haldir calmly spoke to her, saying, "My lady, I mean you no harm, you are very safe up here." With his left hand he motioned towards the ground, on the two other platforms in site there were several elves raining arrows down on the orcs trying, and failing, to get up the tree. "I will be the judge of that." She replied sharply. "I demand to be put back on the ground." "I apologies, but, I can not. If you were to go down there, you would be torn to pieces in a matter of seconds." "I would rather that fate, then to be murdered by your kind." Her eyes became totally filled with hate of the elves. Haldir became very confused at that statement, there was no reason for her to be harmed by the elves, She had done no wrong. "At least me, or one of the others, clean you wound. If it is not taken care of, you could get an infection, and if it get bad enough you could die from it." He didn't like seeing people in pain, even if it was quite clear she really didn't care for him that much. "It's fine, I can take care of myself thank you." In no way did she sound grateful, but instead she sound very annoyed with him. Sarwyn could feel the edges of her vision turning to black. She needed to get down fast, there was no way she was going to show any weakness to this elf. But, that didn't happen, she fell unconscious much faster than she thought she would. Haldir watched the woman's eyes roll into her head and she dropped her sword. As she started to fall Haldir slipped behind her and caught her from falling. He gently rolled her over in her arms. Then he laid her on her front, with her head facing to the side. "Talagamen" A black haired stopped shooting arrows and looked towards Haldir who called to him. "Come over here and help please." The elf nodded and gracefully, but quickly, came to the March warden's side. The two work wordlessly and yet in perfect harmony. Within a few minutes the arrow in Sarwyn's leg was removed, the wound cleaned, dressed, and bandaged. Haldir nodded in thanks to Talagamen. "I will take her to Caras Galadhon." The white haired elf informed the other. Talagamen nodded and stood up; as he went back to the edge of the platform Haldir noticed that his patrol had been joined by at least two other patrols. He gave a small smiling knowing that now it wouldn't take long for all the orcs to be dead. Haldir soundlessly walked to the edge in time to see the last of the ocrs being shot, there was quite a lot before they rest ran away. All the other elves climbed down the trees, with sword out in case of any orcs hiding, and started to make sure all they orcs were dead. Haldir knew he was going to have to walk, but thankfully she didn't look that heavy. He grabbed her around the waist and placed her top half over his left shoulder. Then he quickly climbed down a ladder that had been lowered. As soon as they were on the ground he moved into a much moved comfortable position, he put her into bridal style in his arms. Just as he finished moving her an Elf came down on the same ladder that Haldir used, in the other Elves hand was Sarwyn's sword. "Haldir, I am coming with you." The new comer told Haldir. The march warden looked up at the voice, and realized it was one of his younger brothers, Rumil was standing in front of him. Haldir nodded agreeing with his youngest brother. Together the pair walked to Caras Galadhon. Once they got there Haldir and Rumil brought Sarwyn to an extra room in the royal tree. They also got a healer to come and take care of her wound more thoroughly then Haldir and Talagamen could, and also look at her arm. At one point when the healer had been working on Sarwyn she had woken fighting against the healer so they had to give her sleeping herbs, enough to take down an Elf had to be used on her for her to fall asleep. So, here in the first Chapter... This is my first LOTR fanfic, I hope you enjoyed it! Please feel free to ask any questions about my story. I love any criticism you are willing to give. It helps me improve my writing and it gives me ideas for stories! Thank you so much! -Delenn