Council saw his face contort and pale, and they started to whisper. "Do we need more evidence, Sire?" said Elmir out loud. "The army..." But Aragorn didn't let him continue. "Do you know anything of their armed forces?" he asked, turning to Damrod. "Where or how many they are? Something that indicates that the khan is amassing them to invade us?" Damrod sat then and, full of shame, fixed his eyes in the solid, dark table before him. "I'm sorry, Sire, no. Nothing more than I have already said." "Where did you find the messenger? "In the mountains of Num. He was heading West." Aragorn looked at the letter. Go to the Valley of Sat and wait for us there. We will arrive at the end of next month at the latest. The Valley of Sat was a great expanse of flat land fifty miles to the northeast of Gondor's border. Someone who wanted to travel between any point in Rhun to Gondor would almost necessarily have to pass through there, or very close. It was an excellent place for the Khan to reunite his army if he wanted to invade Gondor. "Answering your question, Elmir," said the King at last. "Yes. We need more information. Give me a day. And tomorrow at this time I will have made my decision. This session has ended." And saying this, without waiting for anyone's response, he strode to the door. Little by little, the Council members did the same and exited the room. Arwen walked amongst them, answering their greetings, until she reached Damrod, who immediately stood up. "Damrod," she said, "come with me. You will be a guest in our house. I will order immediately for a room to be prepared for you and food to be sent." "Lady, don't bother on my account," answered Damrod, but he followed the Queen until they encountered a black-clad servant that had walked to them. Arwen gave him instructions to provide to Damrod all he could need, and then asked: "Did you see where the King went?" "He walked in the direction of your rooms, Lady." "Very well, thank you," answered Arwen, starting to head off that way. However, she turned back for the last time to Damrod and said: "We are in your debt for the services you have given. As soon as we find the right moment, you will receive just honours." Damrod opened his mouth to answer but Arwen had already gone. She walked quickly to the rooms that she shared with Aragorrn and she found him in the dressing room, changing his clothes. His rich silk and satin robes formed a dark stain on the floor, and he had put on riding pants. "Arwen, do you know where are my brown tunics?" "With your leather clothes. All your comfortable clothes," that's how he called them, the clothes he used when he ventured out of the city, although Arwen knew that he preferred the contact of his silk ones, "are here." Arwen took one from the chest and gave it to him. "Where are you going?" Aragorn put on the tunic silently, slowly. "I need a day of retirement," he answered. Arwen nodded her approval. He would go to the mountain, to the sanctuary of the Kings, whose use Aragorn had recovered. "I thought you were going to look into the Palantir." Aragorn looked at her with a smile. Arwen wouldn't have been so direct before. Before, when she hadn't learned the value of time, when she didn't know what it was the haste and urgency to carry out a multitude of tasks in a time that slipped through the fingers, her conversations would go round and round in circles until they reached carefully a difficult topic. And the use of the Palantir was one. They argued about that almost always. When Aragorn looked into it, he ended up exhausted, dizzy, his mind assaulted by an agonising whirlwind. The memory of the evil the stone had hosted remained still, and he had his own terrifying memory of Sauron himself pouring all his malice in him. He tried to conceal the fear he still felt, but Arwen was witness of his nightmares and she said that any information he could gain wasn't worth it, that the usual sources were enough. Aragorn said the contrary but he used it less and less. He finished dressing up and stepped close to his wife, kissing her firmly. Each day he felt closer to her. She had learned to love him in so many ways. Now, and without looking, she set straight the lacings of his tunic, caressed his chest and raised her hands to his neck, holding him when she felt he was going to move away. When at last the kiss ended, Aragorn, keeping a slight smile in his lips, said: "Maybe I'll have to use it when I come back." Arwen frowned and stepped back. "I suppose you know what is best." And they said little more. Aragorn walked to the back of their rooms, where a green tapestry of northern valleys and forests hung. It hid a small door that could only be opened from the outside with a key. To the right, over the mantelpiece, behind some books, was the key. When Aragorn had showed her the door, which led to an exit in the mountains, Arwen had said that the key didn't have the best of hiding places. But they hadn't thought of a better one. They said good bye with a quick kiss and Aragorn, taking a lamp, went into the narrow passage which, a mile and a half later, would end in the southern slope of Mount Mindolluin. This is a translation of my original, Spanish story, which is way more advanced but not yet finished. English is not my first language, so any mistakes reported, as well as opinions are more than welcome! I hope you enjoy reading the story as much as I have writing it.