first step, set the first stitch ... and so on. My name is Vairë, and I live here in the Halls of Mandos with my husband, Namo. I weave the stories that you have lived, and I keep them safe here. Have you heard of me?" There was something in Frodo's memory that was tugging at him, but it was such a thin strand that it slipped through his fingers before he could catch it. He said, "I believe I know a little ... or rather, I think Gandalf told me of you at one time, but I'm afraid I might not recall very well." She laughed then and, like her smile, it had a solemn ring to it. "I have been told you are most courteous, and I see now that it is true. And what did ... Gandalf ... tell you?" She said the wizard's name slowly, stretching out the short syllables, and seemed to savor the saying of it. "Do you know him?" She looked toward the main hallway (at least, Frodo thought it was the main one though he was beginning to wonder if there were any beginning or end to this place) and said softly, "Yes, I do. He has been here before ... more than once." "But I thought ..." Though he knew quite well that Gandalf had passed through fire and death once, it upset him to think that it had happened more than once. "Ah," she said and stepped closer to the tapestry of Bilbo's passing. She put out one slim hand and tugged at its bottom, straightening it though to Frodo's eyes it had appeared set perfectly on the wall. Frodo watched her and noticed for the first time that the tips of her fingers were stained with some sort of ink or pigment of many hues. She turned her gaze on Frodo again. "Gandalf has come to these halls once in the usual way, but he has visited me at other times to see what he could of things that have passed in Arda, especially in that part which lies over the Sea. He sought learning of me. I believe he made good use of it. Perhaps I might do the same for you, Frodo." Frodo understood then, at least, how Gandalf had learned. And now he thought he had a glimmering of why he was here, but just a hint. "You said earlier that I called you. How? I don't remember that." "But you were unwell, were you not? And you slept uneasily?" "Yes." Vairë said nothing but instead crossed the room to the barely-started tapestry. Frodo followed her. She stood very close to the threads and raised her hand to it, her body and the shadow cast by the lit candles shielding the area from Frodo's view. When she stepped aside, she rubbed her hands, clenching and unclenching them as though she were tired. "There's more now!" Frodo said for he could see that the scene had received some additions and embellishments though it was still far from complete. But he thought he could tell a little about its content now. "It's this room, isn't it?" Vairë nodded and smiled her grave smile again. "Yes, indeed, for this room is the location where your path will reach another important crossroad." "What am I to do?" "Watch ... and listen ... best of all would be for you to understand ..." "Understand what?" "Your life on the Lonely Isle. Now that Bilbo has gone ahead, you are at a loss for what you are to do with yourself. Old pains have come back that you thought faded, have they not?" "Yes." "Or perhaps they have never really gone away." "Not completely." "And you do not know what to do." "No. I don't. Can't see why I should at the moment." She raised one eyebrow and neither smiled nor frowned. There was something calming in her. It was very strange, perhaps as strange as his pert response to this lady, but Frodo was not drawn to her as he had been to others he had met in his time in the West. But there was something in her that made his head clear a bit, made him want to turn away from the highs and lows to look at things with an even temper and open eyes. "I am ready, Lady Vairë," he said. She smiled a little, turned and walked to the front of the room. "Why can I ..." She turned to him. "Yes?" "You are one of the Guardians." Though Frodo did not ask a question, nevertheless Vairë nodded in affirmation. He trembled a little for it was now being borne in on him exactly who he was seeing and talking to (much more impertinently than a hobbit should in some cases). Still, he had this question and she seemed willing. "I have never met one of the Guardians before though I have been in the West for some years and others I know do see your kind. I thought that was the way of it ..." "And how would you know whether you had or not?" Frodo's mouth dropped open at this gentle revenge that Vairë took at his prior impudence. "Come now. Shall we start at the beginning?" Vairë spoke briskly and stepped quickly toward the first tapestry. Frodo padded after her and looked up at it. Oh, it was so alive; had he even noticed that before? It almost seemed now as if the sea water slapping against the stone quay was actually moving as the waves receded, leaving their bright foam sparkling in the sun. He could just about smell the salt scent, and he had to stop himself from squinting at the brightness of the tall white tower on the hill overlooking Avallónë. Oh, yes, he remembered the beautiful tower which, when he first saw it, reminded him so poignantly of the three on Tower Hill near the borders of the Shire.