Heaven is the one that's the most like the kind Tolkien would have dreamed of himself." "Why, what is it?" asked Jenny. "Valinor?" Michael chuckled for a second. "No, I'm afraid not, not quite that grand. No, I was thinking of the Shire, the home of the majority of the Hobbits, my favorite race in Middle-earth. It's a pre-modern society with innocent and child-like inhabitants in the Hobbits, who don't live in a cynical age, and they live simple lives as farmers, shopkeepers, and craftsmen, without the help of complex machines they don't understand or like. They also live the good life that the Oxford dons of England enjoyed. They eat, they drink, they smoke, they argue, they gossip (I know many Christians consider gossip a sin, but that was what Tolkien wrote), they collect too many gifts, or 'mathom,' which they rarely throw away, they garden, and they love, and they preferred a well-ordered and well-farmed countryside as their home. It would be a wonderful home, to be at peace with nature and the people around me, and the Hobbits themselves really are amazing creatures. And I would love to have towns and villages there like Hobbiton, Frogmorton, complete with its frogs, and Bywater, complete with the river called the Water, and to have a cozy, comfortable home like Bag End, or a similar Hobbit hole." "That one was right under our noses," said Jenny, "and I never considered it. I think it sounds just as good as my idea." "I think all of our dreams of Heaven sound good," suggested Michael, "so, now that we all know what we hope for, why don't we figure out a way all of our dreams could coexist there, if possible?" "I'm game," said Joseph. "So are we," said John, Joan, and Jenny. "Well, my hopeful home, Númenor, is the largest in overall size so let's say that the New Earth is something like that, to start with," said Joseph. "Okay," they said. "Then, let's say it has a holy place atop a tall mountain in the very middle, like Meneltarma, and that it's divided into the six provinces that I named earlier," he continued. "Then, maybe the Lake-town, or Esgaroth, could be on the southern edge of Mittalmar, in a large lake, and the village of Bree would not be too far away from it." "All right, then, maybe the Shire would be nearby, spread over Hyamustar and Hyarrostar," suggested Michael. "I think Lothlórien should be spread out over Hyarrostar too, near the Shire," said John, "and Rivendell should be in Andustar, southeast of the city of Andunië and the tower of Oromet." "Fangorn Forest must be in or near the same region as Lothlórien and the Shire," said Jenny, "because Fangorn and Lórien are close to each other in Middle-earth, and Rhosgobel, and its owner, Radagast, or whatever old man happens to dwell there, must be a little ways to the north of all three realms, but not too far, because otherwise, how could Radagast study forest-lore as well as animal-lore?" "And I say that Khazad-dûm and the Glittering Caves should be in either northeastern Andustar, south to southwestern Forostar, or one in each location," declared Joan. "Now we are definitely Men and Women, or boys and girls, with a plan, if I do say so myself!" said Joseph. "We should all get along well now." "I think we should all make a pact of friendship here," said Michael suddenly. "Why?" asked Joan, "Do you want us to report to each other whose ideas get more support from friends, family, and clergy than others?" "No, of course not!" Michael responded. "I was just thinking that, if Heaven is real, and if we all make it there one day, we should look at what God grants us, and then compare what we truly get to our dreams of Middle-earth we've just talked about." "Why not?" asked John, "I like the thought of us getting together for another conversation on this subject, even if it is a long time from now." "And I know I'll get something along the lines of what I'm asking for," said Joseph. "Now, now, Joseph, be careful," said Jenny, "It's good to think about your own kind, too, but don't let your hopes and dreams become pride or arrogance, okay?" "That wasn't really my intention," Joseph responded, "but I will be careful about that." "Then let's join right hands," said Michael. They stood up and put their right hands together, one on top of the next. " We now pledge to come back together after the revealing of the New Heaven and the New Earth to compare our gifts and grants from God to each others', and to our Middle-earth-based dreams and hopes, for we believe in Middle-earth and its peoples, and we know that J.R.R. Tolkien, the great author who wrote these stories, was a messenger from God himself, sub-creating and portraying a fictional but nonetheless true world based on the one we live in now. We pledge this in the name of Jesus, and of I AM, Eru, the Creator and Father-of-All. Amen." They sat down again and were a silent for a few moments. "So," said Joan suddenly, "what should we talk about now?" "It's too nice a day for talk, I think," said John. "Come on, I'll race you all to the softball field! I heard there's going to be a great game there, and we can watch it with the pleasure of five little Hobbits," he joked heartedly. "Great!" they all said, and they ran together to the softball field. A/N: Like all fanfics in this website, this is a work of fiction, and of the author's imagination. I don't know if Heaven is going to be like this or not anymore than anyone else does. This was meant as entertainment, and to show a possible appearance for Heaven if it's like Middle-earth in appearance and atmosphere. Hope you enjoyed! Please R&R!