if you two washed your hair more often you would know what I'm talking about!" Eomer and Aragorn looked at each other in horror, both voicing the same thoughts at the same time: "We wash our hair!" Legolas and Arwen looked at each other and both laughed, clutching each other at the shoulders for support. Both mortal's mouths hung open in disbelief. "Ok dude, is it me, or weren't those two just fighting a second ago?" "Yeah, they were." Aragorn said, voice barely a whisper. He still couldn't believe it. "You wash?" Giggled Legolas almost alike to Arwen's laugh. "Yes." The two said in unison. "How often?" Legolas questioned. Aragorn unconsciously rolled his eyes, suddenly tugging at the ends of his shirt. "Most days…but we do wash." Arwen smirked. "Yeah right. Aragorn look, how can you expect to have a relationship with me if you don't even properly groom yourself? I mean look at your stubble! Who in Manwe's name would want to kiss that?" A cough was heard from a nearby room as Boromir strode out and joined the conversation. "Some people just don't know rugged handsomeness when they see it." He said innocently as he flexed his muscles. Arwen shot a dangerous glare at Boromir. "Watch it Daddy's boy, or that 'Horn of Gondor' will be shoved up some place where the sun don't shine." "Oooooooo!" Aragorn and Eomer said in unison. By now the whole of Bag End had woken up and Eowyn rubbing the sleep from her eyes, too joined the conversation. "I so agree, I mean the whole manly-unwashed look was in like what? The Second Age? Not happening honey, this is the Fourth Age!" Said Legolas, who clearly was not finished in their debate of appearances. "Pfft. Well what about your girly braids and plaits? That whole peroxide straightened look was never in!" Shot back Aragorn. Everyone knew Aragorn was passionate about his stubble, and everyone knew well then better to comment on how terrible it might have looked. Arwen, Eowyn and Legolas all gasped. "I'm going to tell Daddy!" Arwen shouted, stamping her bare feet on the floor, fists clenched by her sides. "Go ahead Evening Mol- Just at that moment Frodo and Haldir appeared out of their room's, eyes wide at Aragorn's remark. Obviously the debate wasn't going as smoothly as they had hoped for, and Aragorn hadn't done a very good job in smoothing things over between Arwen and Legolas' argument about who stole who's shampoo. Eomer seeing his sisters arms crossed beneath her breasts made to slowly back away. "You know what? I just remembered I had some washing up that needs doing so I'll just- "Oh no you don't!" Eowyn screeched roughly grabbing Eomer by his shirt. "Oww Eowyn that- "Do you know how much sleep I got last night? Three hours! I spent all night listening to you and your stupid mates tossing around that stupid football which was rebounding off the walls so loudly you could wake up the whole of Bag-Shot Row!" Haldir and Legolas sniggered. Eomer looked scared, almost as if he would shit himself right then and there. "You are gonna' pay for this Eomer! How will I be able to do cheerleading today with these bags under my eyes?" "You don't have any cheerleading Eowyn! We're in the Shire! On a friggin' Middle-Earth tour! In bloody rehab!" "I," Eowyn began raising a finger, "oh…" She ended sheepishly. After a moment her cheeks grew hot with anger. "What about the bags under my eyes Eomer?" Every male standing by didn't need to know where this was going…a kick in the balls would've done it. And they were suddenly, without knowing it clutching their family jewels protectively. "Don't worry, I've got some foundation that'll cover that up. Come with me." Arwen said taking her friend gently by the shoulders. Both girls glared at Aragorn and Eomer before the door of the bathroom was slammed in their faces. All but Legolas and Haldir let out a heavy sigh. Every male in the Middle-Earth gang knew better than to anger the girls, any girl for that matter. "You know, I'm starting to have second thoughts on having a girlfriend, let alone her." Stated Aragorn. They all nodded in unison. "God its always about her! Wash your hair Aragorn! Watch the dress Aragorn! Make me Queen Aragorn!" Aragorn said imitating Arwen's voice in a high pitched tone. "Can you imagine when we're married and she's Queen?" He shuddered. "How could I live with that?" Haldir looked puzzled. "How do you know you guys are gonna' be married?" "Meh Elrond forswore it or something." "Ohhhh." Awed Eomer and Haldir. "So guys what's on the agenda today?" Said Faramir around a mouthful of a croissant as he joined the conversation. "Well actually- began Eomer, but was cut off by Legolas. "I was thinking of getting some highlights! What do you think? Sunshine Blonde or Ash Blonde?" All three mortals raised their eyebrows at the Elf's remark. "Dude, what makes you think we even care?" Said Faramir. "Either way Legolas you're still blonde, will always be blonde, and no matter what colour you dye your hair you will always in our eyes be a blonde dumbass!" "You're so cruel!" Whimpered Legolas as he ran off crying. "Ha, what a wimp." Laughed Eomer. "You're tellin' me." Faramir replied. "Hey I don't know about you guys but I'm gonna' go get some brekky." "Didn't I just see you with a croissant a minute ago dude?" Questioned Aragorn, feeling a little puzzled. "Yeah, so? That was just a little starter for me." Replied Faramir. "Ok, meant no offense." Apologized Aragorn. "Well we've already had ours but second breakfast sounds good to me!" Grinned Eomer. "Me too!" Shouted Pippin as he ran past the trio. Aragorn smiled as he clapped Faramir on the back. Breakfast was definitely going to be interesting what with the girls and all. Author/Banshee Queen: "Like? Don't like? Lemme know anyway."