"I have the Elvish sword Glamdring and my staff. You take that corner, and I will hold the door-" "No, Gandalf," Radagast interrupted, "with respect, I know you rank higher in the Order of the Istari than I do, but you are not in charge here." "But I can still fight, even after all these years!" Gandalf protested, "I have experience, and an Elvish blade!" "So can I!" Radagast countered him. "And my weapons are also effective. A knight of Rohan gave me this blade, and I made the spear myself; the tip has a poison that affects only evil creatures. Look, Gandalf, my friend, I need you to be the last line of defense for my animals." Gandalf hesitated for a moment, and then said, "I will protect them for you," and went to guard the cellar, sword drawn and staff firmly held. "Thank you," said Radagast. Then he turned off the lamps, put his own staff and sword nearby for an easy reach and wielded his staff near the front door. There was a groaning noise, like of something heavy on floorboards, and the door burst open, with two of the Spiders entering, cackling in their evil voices. Radagast charged them with amazing agility and stabbed them one by one in the swollen torso. The poison acted quickly, and they died. Then he looked around the dark room, alert for more, but a third one caught him by surprise, anyway, jumping in through a window and sweeping aside his spear. The wizard kicked the spider hard, grasped his nearby staff, and blasted the spider with a destructive spell. It died, too. A few seconds later, two more entered the doorway, rushing Radagast. But again, his spell wiped them out of existence. The remaining five, however, were about to enter by a different way. The one in front smashed down a whole wall and was upon Radagast before he could use any spell on it. Wrestling with the vile thing, the Brown Wizard noticed three of the other spiders passing them by, going deeper into the house, possibly for the fruit cellar. "Gandalf, be alert!" he yelled. "They are coming your way!" The Grey Wizard was more than ready. While Radagast slowly overpowered the spider on top of him by crushing its skull, Gandalf sent out a bright flash of light to blind the approaching spiders, and then struck one with Glamdring, and then another. The third one rushed Gandalf, but the wizard deftly stepped aside and cut off one of its legs before it could reach the cellar door. It screamed. Then he slashed and then stabbed the swollen spider in its gut, killing it. Finally, Radagast shoved the spider carcass off of him, but the last spider pinned him to the floor and prepared to poison him with its sting. Gandalf came just then, and used his staff's radiance again to distract the spider, but before Glamdring could be used on it, Radagast snatched up his short sword and stabbed it repeatedly in its multiple eyes, finishing it off. "Radagast!" said Gandalf concernedly, "Are you all right?" "Yes, Gandalf, I am okay," Radagast said truthfully, then he said something about going back to tell his animal family that the crisis was over. Gandalf only half listened to him, though, for he was preoccupied by the work his cousin wizard had done on all the Great Spiders that had invaded Rhosgobel. Astounding! I never thought he could do it! Radagast the Brown truly is no coward. The next morning, Gandalf was readying his well-rested horse for departure. He had offered to help Radagast repair the house, but the Bird-tamer had said that his sort of thing often happened to him, and that he usually had enough good, willing help from his good neighbors, the Woodmen of Mirkwood. "I believe I am ready to go," said Gandalf. "Gandalf," asked a little warbler whom Radagast had taught the Common Speech to, "are you going to report the complacency of my dear friend Radagast to the Powers That Be when you return to Valinor?" "Well, little bird," said Gandalf, "I'm sorry, but the Valar most likely know about it already, for Manwë the Windlord in particular has the furthest seeing eyes of any sapient creation." He hesitated for a second, and then said, "But if Sauron can ever be destroyed for good, and I live to see that happen, then when I return to Valinor, I will vouch for our friend and explain his beliefs and reasons for deserting the Holy Ones, and they may be willing to show him mercy." "Thank you very much!" the warbler chirped joyfully, singing a happy song to his Friend of Birds. "You are still a deserter of an important mission, Radagast," Gandalf said to his good cousin, "but you are certainly not a coward." "Thanks, old friend," Radagast said warmly. "Of course, you are welcome to stay if you ever change your own mind about our supposed mission. You may grow to love it, like me." Gandalf replied, "Thank you, but no. This is your home, Radagast. My home and family, are always on the move." Those of Radagast's animals and birds who spoke the Common Speech shouted "Goodbye, Gandalf!" The others barked, meowed, chirped, and growled "Goodbye," in their own tongues, as Gandalf waved and rode away into the morning light. One lesson I hope people learn from this story is that, while direct service to God is probably the greatest possible service one can do, like Gandalf did, one doesn't have to be a missionary or a clergyman to serve or please God; people can live domestic lives and still serve God in other ways, too, like Radagast. And for readers who are not religious, they may take comfort in that this fanfic also says choosing your own life is better than wholly submitting to a predestined one you never wanted or are disillusioned with. God bless you all, Christian or otherwise!