he sees the truth. He has no hope. He is not himself." "Did you see what the palantír communicated? Did it see you?" "No. I heard my father's voice, commanding me to take my mind away. But as I did, I saw the Nazgûl, on flying beasts, circling the towers of the White City. Oh, my brother! Your kingdom will be difficult to win." "We have always known that." Lily looked up, thoughtfully. "Frodo and Sam seem to be all right, although I can't see where they are going. They must soon find a way into Mordor if Frodo is to complete his task." "We should tell Gandalf what you saw." "Just let me breathe a moment," Lily said. Aragorn let her step away, and she held her hands up towards the sky and opened herself to the clean wind off the snow-topped mountains while chanting something about the stars under her breath. When she opened her eyes and turned to Aragorn, she said, "I have hope, and so should you, for you shall be crowned King of Men, my brother." "You saw that?" "I have seen it many times. But the path to that hour will be dark and require all the strength of your heart and mind. I know that our choices determine our fates and that what I see could, in the end, not come to pass—so much depends on the thoughts and actions of so many, you not the least and Frodo perhaps the most. But I have hope, and you must always choose hope, Aragorn. In hope, at last, Arwen will be at your side and you will wonder if some of the worst times were nightmares, dark mists that finally blew away on a fresh breeze." She took Aragorn's arm and they walked toward the door of the Hall. "You've never told me this before." "I have not believed it to be the right time before. Nothing has come easily to you, Aragorn. I mean to remind you of difficulty ahead and give you a measure of that hope on which you must depend, and of comfort. You have all you need within you to choose your destiny, and friends around you." "But if Frodo does not complete his quest—" "Frodo's fate is in Frodo's hands—the fate of Middle Earth is in Frodo's hands—but I cannot think of a better bearer of our fate than our humble, dear Hobbit-friend, and his faithful Sam loves and guards him well. Your faith that Frodo was the proper Ringbearer helps give him the will to continue. Never despair, Aragorn. You always have the strength for another attempt while you live." "I will remember that, and take as my example the Lady Elanor of Lórien." Lily's laughter caused heads to turn as they walked into the torchlit hall. Gandalf turned and thought for a moment that he saw Aragorn as a younger man, less careworn, and with him the ever-radiant Arwen of Rivendell, the Evenstar of her people. "Only the Morning Star," Lily whispered, reading the Wizard's mind. Legolas heard her. "The brightest and most beautiful star to me, new with each dawn," he said, smiling at the courage that lit Lily's face. Aragorn spoke quietly to Gandalf and then Wizard, Elf, and Elf-maiden accompanied him to a room off the Great Hall, where they discussed what Lily had seen. She and Aragorn did not reveal her confidence in his triumph. Most of the talk was of the palantíri, Denethor's near-madness, and Frodo and Sam. "We should pull Merry and Pippin away from their dancing and singing, however it may amuse the Rohirrim, and get some rest," Gandalf said. "We mustn't celebrate before the victory is truly won." Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli went to gather the Hobbits and Lily sat on the floor and leaned her head against Gandalf's knee. "I'm so glad you're not dead," she said. "Of course I'm glad you're not dead! But I think you may hold the power that will lead to our final victory." "Courteous of you to say, my girl. I was thinking how nice it would be to have a smoke and a quiet mug of ale at the Prancing Pony in Bree. I don't want that power." "It is not yours entirely. You share it with Frodo and Aragorn and so many others who are with us on the edge of this knife that we call our task. But if you wanted a quiet life, you should have stayed away from Hobbits and ringlore, and especially the Mines of Moria." "And you should be playing your harp in the Great Hall of Caras Galadon. We both seem to know how to get ourselves into trouble, Lily. Do you know where we'll be sleeping—where to find us if you need us?" "Yes, although I feel left out not to be staying there with you all. Éowyn didn't understand that I would prefer your quarters to a cosy bed in her room. I do feel uneasy. Something's going to happen, and perhaps I could help if I were there." Gandalf placed his hand on her head. "Do you know what this something is, or when it will happen?" "No. But something will, sometime soon." "Something like all the hellhounds of Mordor unleashed against us? I can foresee that." "No, something smaller. Something that could have a small effect or a great effect." "Well that helps a great deal," Gandalf said with irony. "Your gift is a bit fickle, Lily." "Lately, yes." Lily heard Aragorn's laugh in the passage and stood. The members of the Fellowship entered the room and Gandalf rose, as well. "I'll bid you goodnight, then, gentlemen," Lily said. They exchanged goodnights and Lily went and gave each Hobbit a hug. "I'm so happy to see you and to know that you're all right, Pippin and Merry," she said. The two sobered up and courteously responded as the members of the Fellowship left Lily standing in the Great Hall.