disappointment that no one had any answers for me. Though I had once had companions they had assumed me dead and had left me behind. "Do you know where the elves who told you I was dead went? Perhaps I could talk to them." "They have left Imladris already, though I believe they were heading for the Gray Haven. It is unlikely that they are in Middle-Earth still." "What do I do now?" I asked Elrond and I knew that the he could hear the despair in my voice. He reached across the table and placed his hand on my forearm in a consoling manor and said. "You are free to do whatever you wish. There is always room in Imladris for you, if you wish to stay you may." Free to do what I wish, it was an odd idea to me. I had not given much thought as to what I wanted to do since waking up. I had followed the hobbits here because they needed help but now that we had arrived I was no longer of need. That was concerning to me also, what did the hobbits have such a need to journey to Imladris for? Why were they being chased by the Nazgul? There was too much I did not know and I did not understand that the vastness of it caused me to despair when thinking on it. "Are the hobbits staying here in Imladris?" "No they set out again soon. Along with Aragorn, whom you know as Strider. Their journey will take them far from this place." "I would go with them." I said hearing that everyone I knew was leaving Imladris. In the short time I had spent traveling with the hobbits I had come to love their easy mannered way and generally cheery nature. "Eirian you wounds will not be healed before they are set to leave." Elrond said softly trying to convince me against such a choice. "It will heal in time." I said knowing somehow that my words were true, my arm would be well enough for me to travel when the time to leave came. "Their mission is dangerous, it is no place for a lady." Elrond said still trying to dissuade me. I gave the elf a stern look and said once more. "I would go with them." "And what do you know of their mission? Into the very fires of evil their course is set and you would follow them to this peril?" "I would not know what little I do without them. The night I met them the Nazgul chased me as well. It is not by coincidence that our roads met." "A lady has no place on this mission." "I have no place anywhere. No past, no inkling as to my purpose. You would deny me to follow the only road I know." "I would be knowingly sending you to your death. I will not do that." Elrond said raising his voice now. Until this point our argument had been quite calm and without the raising of voices. I watched him as he looked at me as a father might look upon his daughter. "You do not know what fate lies on this road for me." "Why do you so wish to take this path?" Elrond said his tone somewhat defeated. "I want to protect them. I do not understand it but I have a feeling as if I am bound to them. If I do not follow their path I will become lost." To this Elrond gave a heavy sigh and spoke softly. "Then you must understand what it is they are going to do." For the next few hours Elrond told me the history of Sauron and the Ring of Power. How he had intended to use it to enslave the three major races and how for a time he had ruled over Middle Earth. He spoke of the war in which Sauron fell and the ring was taken by Isildur and how it was soon thereafter lost. He explained that now the Ring had been found they sought to destroy it before Sauron became too strong and his forces too great. I had not understood what peril I had demanded to face when I sought to go on this mission. Such horrors would await the fellowship of the ring and I had blindly demanded to face them. I did not feel fear or despair at this however only a strong conviction that I had made the right choice. I did not know what help I would be but I was glad that I would be there to offer any help I could. "When are they leaving?" "Two weeks from yesterday. You will be traveling with the four hobbits, Gandalf the Grey, Aragorn, Legolas Thranduilson, Boromir of Gondor, and Gimli son of Gloin. In the time before leaving you should focus on recovering and be sure to pick a weapon you can wield. I will ask Aragorn to take you to the training grounds when you are ready to find a weapon. You should also spend time here in the library, while contemplation may help you regain your memory the information in this library may prove useful in reminding you of your past." ( Here is chapter one of my new lotr fic. I am going to share a secret with everyone, that some of you I am sure have guessed. I have no clue what I am going to do with this story yet. Pretty much every story of mine starts out like this. I know where I want my characters to be and who they will be when they are there but I have to say that it is hard as all get out to figure out how to get them there. So if this chapter feels a bit awkward that is why. Please stick with me on this story for a few chapters it will solidify as I write.)