moving my finger to the sea west of a land called the Shire. "Even I do not know." "Then my home isn't anywhere that you could get me to." I said giving the map a once over though I knew I wouldn't see anything new. "I am sorry Senia. You seem like a girl who has an honest heart. It grieves me that I cannot return you to your home." "It isn't your fault Elrond." I sighed; I suppose I would have to take Arwen up on her offer to stay in Rivendell. "I do not believe that you came here by chance. Perhaps you have some part to play in events to come." I smiled and looked at the elf lord and with a tone that contradicted my smile said. "My father used to always say things like that. 'Things happen for a reason, even if we might not understand or like it.' That's what he would say. I guess in this case he is right… The council that I appeared in, what was it about?" "It was to discuss what to do about the threat of Mordor. The ring of power has been found and must be destroyed in order to rid the world of the evil of Sauron forever." "What is so important about this ring though? Why do you have the destroy it?" "Sauron forged the ring in the fires of Mount Doom. Into this ring he put part of his soul, with it he the power to cover the whole of Middle Earth in darkness. If we destroy the ring, we destroy Sauron." "So he split his soul and put part of it into this ring? If you can stay alive forever that way I guess it is kind of useful. I mean if you aren't an elf, you guy's live forever right?" I didn't really expect an answer to any of the questions I gave Elrond but the look he gave me made me think I said something wrong. "Elves are long lived by birth; we are born with the grace of the Valar. To attempt to extend your years through splitting the soul is an abomination of nature." "Hmm, I don't really know anything about such things. High school doesn't teach you about elves or magic. They only care about math and making sure people can read." I smiled at the memory of having to help the other seniors, especially Rachel, in math. While I took Calculus most of the seniors opted to take Statistics which was simpler though they swore it was hard. It took a confused look from Elrond to get me back on track. "So… how did the council decide to get rid of the ring?" "It must be taken to the fires from whence it came and cast back into the flames. The only place it can be destroyed is in the fires of Mount Doom. A fellowship is taking the ring to Mordor to destroy it." "That is going to be a dangerous mission." I mused my mind was still going a mile a minute and though I had become used to the idea that Elrond thought of himself as an elf and that everyone dressed like they came from a Renfest, I hadn't any clue where I would go or what I was going to even do. "Arwen said I could stay here in Rivendell, but I don't want to be a burden. I just don't know what I am going to do." "Senia, you appeared during the council, if it is a sign then it is a clear one. You have some part to play in the fate of the ring, perhaps your place is with the fellowship." "You mean go and destroy the ring?" "If you wish to go, no one will force you to." Elrond said, I got the distinct feeling that he was afraid I though he was trying to get rid of me. Honestly I was unsure if I wanted to go on some dangerous mission with a group of people I didn't know. "Who is this fellowship? Well that's not the right question; um would I know anyone who is part of this group?" "You would know Gandalf, and Aragorn. Aside from Aragorn and Gandalf there is Boromir, Legolas, Gimli, Merry, Pippin, Sam, and Frodo." I didn't respond to Elrond's answer at first, I gave it some thought before I responded. Honestly I wasn't sure if I wanted to go on some mission to defeat some evil guy who split his soul and put it in a ring. It seemed like a dangerous plan and I wasn't sure what we would face as we traveled to Mordor. Though where else did I have to go? I wasn't going to stay at Rivendell indefinitely and I refused to take advantage of Elrond's hospitality. Though, I somehow felt that I wasn't going to make it home in time to submit my college applications. "When are they leaving?" (Here is chapter one of Temperance, not too much happened I know but it is the first chapter of a new story. I find as I go through and work on my stories that I become a better writer with each new story. While I like my other stories I admit that they are not as good as they could be. So I while writing this story I plan on taking more time with each chapter to make them better. I am also going to try for an average of 4000 words per chapter so people have a bit more to read at a time. I know that when I read stories I always end up miffed because the chapters are so short and the author's note/ replies to reviews take up so much of the chapter. So I hope that you will stick with me through this story and review, feel free to tell me your thoughts on the characters and how I am doing.)