cannot hide in open sight no matter how much he may wish to do so. High in the sky above my head I see a skein of geese in flight. How wonderful it must be to be able to take to the skies as they do. How simple it would be for the Fellowship if we could all fly as the birds do; our journey would be all the swifter and safer for it. Then I have to clap a hand over my mouth to prevent myself laughing out loud as my imagination supplies my mind with a picture of Gimli Gloinson frantically flapping his arms and trying to get off the ground. With all that armor I cannot see him achieving it, even with the help of the Valar. Thinking of the dwarf I am reminded that having left behind the rest of the Fellowship for this short period of time I must not allow my pleasure in this solitude to lead me to forget my primary purpose here on this quest. Yes, I need the time for myself but I also made a vow back in Imladris and that must always take precedent over my own needs. So after a short period of peaceful contemplation it will be time for me to search for a safe campsite as well as try to locate and kill some wild fowl, which seem quite plentiful in this area. Samwise will be happy to have fresh meat for his cooking and it will do no harm to show to the dwarf just how useful my skills are to our company. Perhaps it will even show him that his too close scrutiny is neither needed nor wanted. Listening to the whisper of the wind through the branches, I let the tensions of the last day or so to slip away and briefly close my eyes. The alarm call of a small bird wakens me and I look up at the sky. The short winter day will all too soon be over, and if I am to find a campsite and take down wild ducks I will have to hurry. I suspect my lengthy absence will have caused some concern so it will behoove me to show that I have been gainfully employed while away from them. Fortunately my keen eyes and swift steps soon allow me to spot a suitable place to set up camp for the night. It is in the lee of a high escarpment, with a small clear stream running through it and enough dead wood about to make a cooking fire a possibility. Stringing my bow, I now begin my hunt for our dinner. The water birds are just beginning to come down to the water to find shelter for the night amongst the reeds that fringe the stream, so now is my opportunity to kill a brace of them for our supper tonight. I take out one quickly, the goose falling almost at my feet. My second shot also makes its mark, but rather than dropping to the ground, the arrow protruding from its neck catches on a bush half way up the cliff face. I will have to climb up to retrieve it. Were I at home or even in Imladris, I would not attempt such a climb alone. I am of course skilled in the art of scaling trees and have had much practice in it, but climbing cold unresponsive stone- I have done it of course but it is not by any means my forte. The trees guide and protect me, they respond to my needs. Perhaps stone responds in the same way to others but I suspect it will not welcome an elf like me and yet … I could leave the bird and go back to the others. With their support it would likely be a small task to recover our dinner, yet that would leave me open to criticism and ridicule from my companions, the dwarf in particular. I am already being forced into an unwanted and unnecessary relationship with Gimli Gloinson. I will not give him any opportunity to see any weakness in my skills or abilities. I hang my bow and quiver in a tree alongside the first goose, because to attempt the climb so encumbered would be foolish beyond permission, then step up to the base of the cliff and look upwards. Heights hold no fear for me, but this cold forbidding face of rock gives me momentary pause. It looks more like a vertical sheet of ice than anything and even with my keen eyesight I fail to spot many handholds. Still it must be done so I grit my teeth and reach up to begin my climb. This is harder than I could ever have imagined, the sheer wall is daunting, formidable. Twice already I have slipped and only by dint of scrabbling with my fingertips have I avoided falling. I should never have considered this. I would not have done so, had I not wanted so very much to prove to the rest of my companions that I am their equal at the very least, and I trust their superior in many things, climbing amongst them. I would retrace my steps, except I think to go back down will be as hard as to go on up. In other words I am trapped betwixt and between. Still, I soldier on struggling on up the cliff face towards the thrice be-damned goose; I reach up high seeking a new handhold, knowing I am at the limits of my endurance but determined to go on. Stretching to my absolute bounds my fingers curl around an outcrop of stone and I begin to haul myself upwards when a sudden gust of wind causes me to lose my grip, then I am falling, pin-wheeling downwards, unable to prevent my fall, and I wonder what the dwarf will have to say about this … if I survive the fall that is.