but decided against such measures. "I was apparently drunk at the time, too drunk to remember anything the next morning. Sam told me this morning when I woke up that the same thing almost happened last night. I don't remember that either, but I do feel bad about everything that has come to pass, and I would never want to hurt Pip." This sobered Frodo slightly, and he calmed down some. He was still put out that Sam didn't seek him out to deal with the situation though since they were his younger cousins and being the oldest he felt responsible for them. "I think you should leave Pippin alone for a while so that he has time to recover." Merry looked horrified at the suggestion and immediately jumped off the bed with a pleading look on his face. "But Frodo I already worked this out with Pippin and he forgave me. I want to work on rebuilding the trust in our relationship and I can't do that if I can't see him, besides not being with him will kill me." Frodo crossed his arms and cocked and eyebrow at Merry still supportive of his idea. "I heard that you two were separated for a time and you're still alive." The sarcasm was evident in his voice and though he was trying to appear calm and collected it was difficult to do after finding out his cousin was a rapist. Merry looked angry then and turned the topic against Frodo. "You are just angry that Pippin loves me more than you, and that he is happy with me." Merry's eyes were narrowed and he appeared to be challenging Frodo now. This was not what he was expecting though he supposed he should have expected some form of retaliation on Merry's part. "No Merry that is not it, and I want you both to be happy. If you hurt Pip then clearly he is not as happy as you are and I care about both of you being happy." Frodo rubbed his temples after his explanation and felt tired. He thought the battle was supposed to be over and that they won, no one told him he would be involved in another one dealing with his emotionally confused cousins. "I know, and I want that as much as you do, but you have to let me try to make that happen. Separating us will only make this worse in the long run." Merry said in a softer tone. His entire body had softened and it seemed that he was past his aggressive stage. As thankful as Frodo was for that he was also concerned about the amount of mood swings everyone was experiencing. Something bad had been bound to happen at this rate. Frodo finally nodded and relented to his cousin's request. "Fine, but I will be watching you both to ensure that nothing like this happens again. No more excessive alcohol consumption either Merry. Also, I'll be the one to help Pippin with his bath." Frodo gave Merry a serious stare and was glad to have ended this dispute. Even though he would have to watch his cousins at least they could try to be at ease now. He gave Merry one last look and when he was satisfied at Merry's nod of affirmation he left to go rejoin Gandalf and Pippin. Frodo went to Pippin's room and sat next to them on the bed. He also began to comfort Pippin who was very stressed. Eventually, Frodo offered to help Pippin with his bath and he agreed. Frodo helped Pippin up and got him a change of clothes to use after he was clean. They went to the bathing chamber and Gandalf left since he was no longer needed there. ~[~ (Sam's POV) The next few days were tense while everyone recovered from their wounds and the knowledge they had recently gained. Though he was reluctant Sam understood that Merry needed to bond with Pippin so they could both get back some semblance of trust in their relationship. He found himself catching himself before he said anything since it was obvious that Merry was being careful and had lost a little trust for himself. Sam wondered if Merry would be paranoid of drinking now that he knew what it had caused him to do. Sam had spoken to Pippin who had expressed his anger about Sam telling everyone what had happened. Pippin seemed upset and he knew that it would be some time before Pippin trusted him with anything personal again, but he did not regret telling Merry because he felt that he may have prevented future incidents. Though Pippin was angry he still accepted what Sam had done and wasn't being mean or resentful toward him. He also allowed Sam to comfort him on occasion if he appeared to need some so Sam supposed that they were in good standings relationship wise. He was glad that Pippin didn't reject him completely even if he could tell the Took felt betrayed. Overall it looked as though everyone was recovering nicely, though Frodo seemed to bear some resentment about being the last to know. He seemed put out and though he was not overly mean to them his resentment was obvious toward Sam and Merry. Sam went to great lengths to try to gain forgiveness from him and after a few days Frodo started to cave. Merry and Pippin also seemed to be doing well relationship wise, though Sam wasn't sure what their exact relationship status was. He decided that he wouldn't pry since he had already involved himself in their affairs enough and he would just see what happened from here on out. It seemed that they had finally finished fighting their battles for now and would just be left to deal with the trauma of them all, but Sam was alright with that for now. ~[~ Hope you all liked it! Please review and leave me with your thoughts.