as well." She turns and beckons us to follow her, before glancing at me meaningfully and speaking in a low tone, meant only for my ears. "I cannot say that Mother or Father feel the same though. They still don't believe the rumors that you are bringing a 'guest'." She does not mean for the elfling to hear her words as she is unaware of his sensitive hearing, but he glances nervously in my direction. Without thinking, I reach out to take his hand for a moment, giving it a comforting squeeze. Dorbryn gives me a questioning look, and continues to lead us away. If nothing else, this should prove to be interesting. I do not know what I was expecting, save that it was not this and it is all I can do not to stand with my mouth gaping as I take in the wonders of Erebor. The entranceway is broad and filled with trophies from battles in the past, light pours in from the open doorway and lamps burn in the sconces, so that it takes but a moment for my eyes to adjust to the change, The air here is still fresh and the rich smell of meat cooking makes my mouth water. How very different this is to Moria, this place is full of life and noise. I recall our entry into the mines and know now how Gimli must have felt when he saw it dark and desolate, devoid of all dwarven life. As I look around I see an empty plinth in the center of the display and Gimli briefly explains its purpose. While I know this is not the time I decide I must find out more about this axe, which the dwarves consider so important. There must be wonderful tales to be told of it. For now Gimli is urging me up a broad staircase and acknowledging the calls from those of his kin that recognize him. I very much aware of the stares and mutterings that greet my presence. It is a little discomforting but I expected that to be the case, and in the last year or so I have become adept at hiding my discomfort at being an object of interest, for many men we met had never seen an elf before either. I remind myself however that this is different, dwarves like elves have long memories and do not forgive easily and there will be some here who not only disapprove of my presence but actively condemn both me and Gimli for bringing me here. I repeat my promise to myself that I will be on my very best behavior and to stay near to my guardian while I am here. Having ascended the great staircase I then find we have to go down again to access the great hall. I can see the sense in this though for this arrangement would make it difficult for attackers to storm the mountain. Below us a hall similar in size and design to the Dwarrowdelf stretches out before us. This must be the main public meeting place for the families who live beneath the mountain. Our entrance causes quite a stir, but Gimli being Gimli takes no apparent notice merely marching on across the marble floor ignoring the whisperings, glares and sudden silences as we pass. I detect a broad mix of emotions amongst the dwarves watching our progress, hostility, amazement, interest and some amusement. Gimli is suddenly hailed by a young voice and a dwarfling throws itself into Gimli's arms. As they greet each other fondly I realize this must be a relative and the child is a male. I stare at him as interestedly as he does at me although I am glad to say I am sufficiently mature enough not to ask such blunt questions. Yet the youngster is probably only asking what many of the adults here would like to do. I feel a heat rise in my face as Gimli explains to Greirr that I will never grow a beard. Initially it seems strange to me that this youngster has probably never left the mountain or seen anyone other than his own kind, but I remind myself that it was many yeni before I saw any other than elves or was allowed beyond the boundaries of my own home and that had I met a dwarf back then I would have been just as intrigued by his strangeness as Greirr is with me. Another dwarf now hurries forward scolding Greirr for his questioning and apologizing to me I am at a loss as to how to address them but Gimli comes to my aid presenting her as his sister Dorbryn. I blink, for it had not occurred to me to ask if he had any family other than his father and mother and I know how rare it is for a dwarven family to have daughters. Perhaps that is why he did not speak of Lady Dorbryn while we were on the 'outside' as Greirr called it. I bow and make myself known to the lady and she smiles and welcomes me with a cheery 'My brother is a good judge of character. If you are his friend, then you shall be mine as well.' I begin to feel as if my sojourn under the mountain may not be such an ordeal after all only to have that hope dashed as I follow her and Gimli out of the hall and into a long passageway as she says quietly to her brother "I cannot say that Mother or Father feel the same though. They still don't believe the rumors that you are bringing a 'guest'." She obviously did not mean me to overhear her words but I do and my heart sinks. Gimli gives my hand a reassuring squeeze and I take comfort in that as I go further down into the mountain and towards my first meeting with Lord Gloin and Lady Vonild.