shine upon you, old tutor," answered Elladan and Elrohir. Glorfindel nodded his farewell and rode off with the rest of the party, leaving the twins to their hunting. The young half-elves smiled and prodded their horses forward and soon they were marvelling at the vast vegetation and small life they discovered. It was while riding that an idea crossed Elladan's mind, and he faced Elrohir with a grin. "Brother, what say we separate?" Elrohir, however, frowned. "Do you think it wise? We are not familiar with the grounds." "One hunting area is not all that different from another," Elladan pointed out. Though Elrohir had to admit that his brother had a point, something warned him they should stay together, at least on this first venture. "What if we come across anything else?" he asked, hoping to dissuade his brother. "And do not tell me I now sound like Glorfindel! You know his worry is not unjustified." "Nevertheless, I will give you the same answer we gave him," Elladan answering. He pushed his cloak back to reveal his sword, still buckled on his side. "He taught us well, brother. Why this restlessness all of a sudden?" Elrohir checked himself. It was actually a very valid question. The hunting trip was his idea after all, and he didn't mind when Glorfindel expressed the same fears only just a while back. "You did not like the idea that we should separate, did you?" Elladan said, cutting into his train of thought. The youngest of the pair nodded without realising it. Yes, that was probably one of the reasons, but it wasn't the only one, he knew that much. However, he couldn't tell that to Elladan without sounding insane, so he bowed his head, uncertain as to what to say. In the next moment though, the sound of hooves indicated that Elladan was coming close. And, sure enough, his brother's hand clasped on his shoulder. "I am aware of the love you have for me, brother; I have it for you as well. It is a rare thing for the two of us to go anywhere without the other following. And yet there are times that one wishes to be alone. Do you not feel this way?" Elrohir's look was enough as an answer. "Then let us make it one of these times," Elladan said. "If anything, it will be interesting to see what we will be able to catch without the other's help." he added in a playful tone, earning thus a smile from his brother. "Are you proposing a wager then?" Elrohir asked. Elladan grinned. "I am indeed. The one who brings home the best prize will hand over his chores to the… less fortunate one." "I do not suppose that means the 'less unfortunate one', as you eloquently placed it, will be freed from his own chores?" said Elrohir, raising an eyebrow. "No," Elladan said with a chuckle. "Then I take your wager," came the grinning answer. "Excellent! We will meet again after five hours to see what each one has accomplished. Prepare to accept defeat, brother!" "How odd, I was going to say the same thing to you!" Elrohir laughed. "Five hours it is, then." With that, each brother rode onto his way, not knowing what awaited them. Elladan walked cautiously through the woods, his bow and arrow in hand in case he spotted any worthwhile game. He had dismounted Sadron, leaving him to graze on the blades of grass a few feet away, hoping that he wouldn't disturb the quiet of the forest if he were on foot. T, however, didn't seem to be the case, and the elf couldn't help but feel displeased with himself. It wouldn't be long before he would have to his and Elrohir's meeting point, and he hadn't caught anything so far. He cringed, not wishing to think what would happen if he appeared before his brother empty-handed. Just then, the sound of a twig snapping made his ears prick up and he put his sharp hearing to work. He smiled as he recognised the soft footfalls some distance away from him and, making sure he stayed against the wind, he approached as quietly as possible to some thickets. Moving several branches away carefully so he could see better, he located what he had been looking for. The three deer still in the centre of the clearing, unaware that they were being watched. The females of the group were eating, partly hidden by a great male, who was holding up his head as he kept vigilance, and Elladan marvelled at the magnificent animal. Deciding that he had found his prize, he raised carefully his bow and arrow and took aim. To Elladan's misfortune, a flock of birds took off from some dense trees in that very moment, their squawks of panic startling the deer and making them run off. Dismay yet not wishing to give up, Elladan jumped out from the bushes and ran after them. He shot an arrow at the male, but the projectile missed the creature by a mere inch. Even so, Elladan still gave chase. With his eyes constantly on the animal, he nocked another arrow, but the deer jumped over a big log and vanished out of the Half-elf's sight. Gritting his teeth in stubbornness, Elladan instinctively jumped over the log too. It proved one of the greatest mistakes in his long life: when he landed, he found himself sliding on a rough slope. He tried to keep his balance, but it was impossible. The next thing Elladan knew, he lost his footing and tumbled down at great speed, getting knocked about in every rock he encountered as helplessly as a puppet. A sharp pain from his leg surged through his whole body, making him cry out; but his heart, called for his brother even louder. Just when it seemed his fall would never end, he felt himself crashing on another, larger rock, and then there was nothingness. TBC...