greeting, sitting with entwined hands. His exquisite wife, Arwen, stood and greeted them both with a hug and a brief kiss on the cheek. "It is lovely to see you, Trinity," she said conversationally. I hardly know you. The entire kingdom, it seemed, was well aware of her near comatose state. To be honest, she fount it rather irritating; nonetheless, she smiled politely. At least they tried to connect. Legolas squeezed her hand gently, no doubt concerned by her lack of response. Through careful eyes, Aragorn studied the pair, "Yes. Please, sit with us." He gestured to the chairs beside them. Sit, doggie, sit. Obediently, they sat. Her first, then Legolas, and he grasped her hand once again. It was an owning gesture, the type which showed clearly that she belong to him. And he belonged to her. They were in love . I can do this. Across from them, Arwen and Aragorn did the same. But they were easy, smiling and laughing freely, occasionally catching each other's eye. So perfect. The idea hit her then that she could have the same with Legolas. No. "A letter from Elrond arrived a few days ago – " If it were not for Thaniel, they could be happy. "Oh! I have not seen him in years – " They could be married, live together… "Gorgeous girl, I think she is married now…" Hold each other without the fear one of them would vanish. Or be stolen away. "Trinity?" She blinked to life and watched warily as Arwen studied her with cautious eyes. "Forgive me, I seem to be a bit hazy this evening." Arwen laughed softly, reaching with her free hand to pat Trinity's knee, "My dear, I think you have yet to wake up." Politely, she smiled, and felt Legolas' hand squeeze hers once again. Trying to revive her. "I think," said Aragorn, "That we shall retire, some of us have yet to rest this evening." The King and his wife stood, hand in hand, and then walked away. She noted with slight wonder the knowing look Arwen gave her. The sun hid behind the trees, and soon it would disappear beyond recall for the rest of the night. OoOoOoOoOo Legolas pulled her against him, mouth working its undeniable skill on her neck. His fingers skimmed the lace of her corset, toying with them. Playfully, he nipped at her skin and smiled as he listened to her soft moans. "I love you," she gasped, pressing her body against his, "in aeternum." Briefly, he paused, pulling back to look at her with a creased brow. Since the first time they made love, she had mumbled phrases of strange insignificants. Until that moment, he had thought them only to be signs of pleasure. He understood now, it was a language, a sign of her life before him. "I have never heard that tongue." Something sad flashed momentarily in her gaze, "Latin. It is Latin." "Latin," he breathed, carefully pronouncing the word the way she had (minus, of course, her endearing accent), "and this phrase…'in aeternum,' what does it mean?" "For eternity." The frown etched into her features troubled him, and he moved his fingers to the cloth around her neck. "Did you not mean to say that, meleth?" His heart felt heavy, almost as though it wanted to stop completely. "I meant it," she confessed quietly. With a smiled, he kissed her, over and over until her lips were swollen, then led her to his bed. OoOoOoOoOo She cannot move. Her body remains frozen and her mind heavy. Smooth lid rise and fall over green irises, slowly, tiredly, as if the weight of the entire world settles upon them. She wants to crawl back into that dark abyss, into that place of nothingness where she can at least conjure an imaginary Legolas to comfort her. Evalgine is gone and, for the first time in her long existence, Trinity is truly and utterly alone. Pathetic , she scolds herself. Her instincts are that of pure survival. She can free herself from this. She can win; she just has to focus. As if by show of untainted will, her eyes adjust and the darkness is penetrated by dim candlelight. All she can make out is the stone ceiling overhead, and the faint smell of death. She feels completely disturbed by the fact that no matter how much will she puts into the intended movement, she can not move her head. Her body feels disconnected, inexistent; nothing beside her mind is left. Fuck. Her ears perk, listing intently to her surroundings. This, it seemed, is one of the two senses her body has left. Steady water drips to her right, echoing and amplified by the (metal? stone?). Stone, she decides, since the echo holds no metallic resonance. Coppery blood fills her nostrils, the smell of demise and hate. Footsteps? It sounds so, short and even. A heavy door slides open and the sound enters the room. Calmly, purposefully, they stop near her body. No breath comes from the figure, only a faint musky scent, but she suspects it to be male, based upon the heavy sound of his walking beforehand. Despite it all, she is not afraid. A pale hand flies into her eyesight, and disappears (over her head?). She wonders if it is sill touching her. Still, she cannot feel her body. She cannot move. A disembodied voice sighs, confirming her former assumption. Whoever this is, he is male. Above her, a dark shadow flickers across the ceiling and she hears the figure move away. Metal clangs and it returns. This time, she sees a face. Angular features, a strong jaw, and a cold smirk mock her. Fear bursts in her chest. Because she is staring into the dark, soulless eyes of Thaniel Alexandrescu. "Good morning, Trinitas," his voice is calm; "I've missed you." She stares in complete horror and a chuckle bubbles from his heavenly (deadly) lips. "Are you not pleased to see me?"