so people know where to find you" "Legolas was up for many nights carving it and weaving the rope" Thranduil put in. "You made it yourself, Legolas?" Elrond asked, obviously impressed. Legolas blushed and said it was nothing, not really hard at all. He looked to Estel, who was still gazing down at the whistle in his hands. "Do you like it Mellon nin ?" Estel looked up and everyone saw that he had tears in his eyes. Elladan and Elrohir rushed to his side. "What is it, tithen pen ?" "…Legolas…." Estel said, voice shaking and broken. Legolas came to him. "I'm here Estel. What is it? What's wrong?" Estel gave a colossal sob and threw his arms around Legolas's neck, thanking him profusely through his tears. "Now…. Now…. I'll never get lost again!" Legolas smiled tears of his own seeping down his face, remembering the boy's fear when he had found him, alone in the forest. "It's alright Mellon nin , it's alright. You're very welcome" Before Estel could wipe his nose on his new birthday rode, Elrond quickly pressed a handkerchief into his hand. While he wiped his tears away Elrohir brought forth the very last present. The one from his Ada and brothers. It was wrapped in soft silk, not paper and Elrond urged Estel to be careful as he opened it. The silk covering fell away to expose… a gilded oaken picture frame, in which was set a painting. A portrait of Estel sitting on Elrond's knee, Elrohir and Elladan stood next to him. "It's for you to hang above your bed Estel, so you can always look back and remember the family that raised you" "But Ada… why will I have to remember you? I'll be with you forever" Silence reigned for a moment. Elrohir and Elladan looked at each other and they both looked to their father. Saw the flicker of pain slice through his eyes; saw his smile falter just for a second. They wondered if Elrond would contradict their brother and if so what he would say... Instead Elrond took a seat next to Estel and kissed his head, touching his cheek with affection. He then turned to the others and declared the feast could commence! Elrohir and Elladan breathed a sigh of relief but a measure of heaviness remained with them. Contrary to Estel's beliefs he would not remain with them forever. One day he would know who he really was and would have to leave. And, on a day even darker Estel would leave not only them but this world completely. They pushed that thought from their minds. Today was a day to focus on joy, not to mull over the tragedies to come. Estel's eyes and smile got bigger with every new delicacy that was put before him. He ate strawberry jelly, black berry tarts, sugared pears swimming in chocolate sauce, apple pie and candied roses. His face was stained pink, black, brown and red. But then the cook unveiled his biggest surprise, something he'd been working on for days. He lifted the lid on the dish to reveal a mound of frothy pink foam, like a rosy cloud. "What is that?" Elladan asked the cook "Spun sugar, my lord coloured with distilled raspberries. My son calls it "cotton candy" because it's texture is like spun cotton" Estel pinched off some and popped it into his mouth. "How is it ion nin ?" "Yummy!" Estel cheered, grabbing a handful and stuffing it into his gob. Elrohir tried some. "It melts on your tongue!" he said in surprise. Soon everyone was tucking into cotton candy, everyone had sticky fingers and stained faces. As the craze dwindled into relative silence, Elrond signalled for Elladan and Elrohir to darken the windows. They hurriedly complied. Children looked around in confusion. The room became dark and Estel clutched Legolas's hand in worry. "It's alright, Mellon nin " he said reassuringly "it is simply your final birthday surprise" Estel did not understand, at least not until light seeped into the room again, in the form of three tall candles, burning atop a richly dressed, multi layered, chocolate cake. At a signal from Elladan, the elves began to sing. " Oronnad meren allen Oronnad meren allen Oronnad meren Estel vuin Oronnad meren allen " (Happy Birthday to you, happy birthday to you, Happy birthday dear Estel, happy birthday to you) Elrond set the cake down in front of Estel and he saw that "Happy birthday Estel" was written in pink frosting. "Make a wish and blow out your candles Estel" Estel paused for a moment, face screwed up in thought. Finally his mind caught on something and he smiled. With one deep breath, he extinguished all three candles. The dining hall erupted in cheers and applause. Estel beamed. Soon the cake was gone, the table cleared and the guests returned safely home. Leaving Elladan and Elrohir to organise the final clean up, Elrond took his little one up to bed. As he was tucking him in, a thought came to him. "Estel… what did you wish for? Before you blew your candles out?" Estel's face grew serious "I can't tell you Ada. Dan says if I tell you it won't come true" "Ah ion nin . That is just a story. I promise you can tell me" "I wished… I wished that you and Ro and Dan… that you'd love me forever" Elrond's eyes shone as he regarded the dear little Dúnedain. He bent over and pressed a soft kiss to his forehead. "Well tithen pen you never have to worry that wish won't come true" "Why not?" Estel asked with a yawn "Because it was true even before you wished it." Elrond stood and snuffed out the lamp by Estel's bedside. As he went through the door he whispered "good night, my big three year old" But he received no answer. For the big three year old was already far away in dream land.