decides what he wishes to be in the future which again is like the exercises we do during the day and night we spend alone. "He will choose you and Thorûr of course," I say and wonder at the exchange of grins between Gimli and Mam. Mam is now settled in her chair with the new lamp and tells me to come and sit beside her, which I do, stretching out my legs and letting myself relax in the company of my dwarven family. We spend the rest of the afternoon exchanging stories and watching Mam's deft fingers flying over the seams of the fine wool shirt that Greirr is to wear. Dorbryn and Thorûr are the first to arrive for dinner, and both welcome me kindly, asking after my elven family and how things fare in Ithilien in my lengthy absence. They tell me that Greirr will be a trifle delayed as he is working on a special project and wishes to have it completed before he takes time out of his work as a jewel setter to prepare himself for his coming of age celebrations. Dorbryn looks very proud as she speaks of her son, and how he is showing good progress in his chosen work path. "His master is very pleased with him too and has said he will take him on permanently once he has completed his journeyman status." "That is good news," I answer even as Gimli looks a trifle discomfited. Perhaps he was hoping that Greirr would follow in his footsteps as a warrior but to be truthful Greirr has never shown interest in the arts of war. He was fortunate to be born too late to be involved in the War of the Ring and since then there have been few major wars. That is not to say of course that he is not a consummate fighter. He has been well taught and is very strong and can use both a bow and axe but he has rarely had need to use them against an enemy such as Gimli and I have had to face. As if thinking of him can conjure him up the door slams back and Greirr stands on the threshold and I have another surprise for in the time since I last saw him, Greirr has indeed changed. Gone is the adolescent lankiness. His body has filled out and he is as muscular as Gimli or Thorûr. His beard has also thickened, although he still wears it in the style of his uncle Kili, rather than the traditional style of the longbeards that Gimli prefers. He spies me and advances taking me in what is meant to be a crushing embrace, but while I may look as if a breeze could knock me sideways as Gimli always asserts I am just as strong as Greirr and I have no intention of being overpowered so I return the embrace with one of my own lifting Greirr from his feet. He laughs and pounds on my back until I release him then we clasp hands. "Legolas it is so good to see you. It would not have been the same if you had not been with us." He gives me the sort of searching look that I have become accustomed to receiving from my guardian then reaches up and ruffles my hair, ending provocatively, "elfling." Of course such provocation cannot be allowed to go unchallenged, so I snatch at his beard and tug on it hard. If others were not present it may well have degenerated into a tussle but a meaningful cough from Mam brings us both to an appreciation of our situation and we settle down in our allotted places as the meal is served. Conversation during our dinner is general. It is almost as if we are all avoiding what is on our minds, but when the last plates are removed and I have brought in the beer as is my role as the youngest family member present that we all turn to Greirr, and Dorbryn asks him if he is finally ready to name his vigil guardians. He blushes and then nods, "Aye, I have. It is a time when I need those closest to me to give me their strength, guidance and friendship. I never knew my own da, but Thorûr has been as good a father to me as I could ever have wished for and so I would ask that you are one of my sponsors da." Thorûr beams, "I would be honoured Greirr. Ye are the son of my heart, aye and when this is done I intend to be inked as a permanent acknowledgement that my son has come of age." There is general hubbub at this announcement and Dorbryn and Thorûr embrace each other and then Greirr. Once things have settled down again we all look expectantly at Greirr waiting for him to announce his second sponsor. I look from Greirr to Gimli waiting to see his proud face when Greirr chooses him, but I am all but left speechless when Greirr instead looks straight at me and asks "My brother, I would choose you, if you are willing?" I cannot help but say, "Me? But I thought it would be Gimli!" Gimli claps his hands together, "No it should not be me. I am Lord of this demesne, and it would not be appropriate for me to act as a sponsor and take Greirr's oath of allegiance. It is quite right that Greirr would wish his brother to be with him, aye and ye will do him proud Lamb that I do not doubt. Well now this calls for a special toast." He lifts his tankard and we all stand as he says "To Greirr and his two sponsors" "To Greirr" we all reply and I know I have the most foolish of smiles on my face for this has to be one of the proudest moments of my life.