he know about the laws of Gondor?" Faramir stopped dead in his tracks, thus pulling Beregond to a halt as well. The pair nearly recoiled backward down the hill. The Steward grabbed the captain by the shoulders and spun him around to look him in the eye. He looked in silence for a long moment, blinking through his ale haze. "Uhh... my lord?" Beregond ventured. "By Eru, you cannot be this thick!" "I... Uhh..." "Beregond, we are both very, very drunk and we will both be paying for it tomorrow. The night is nearly finished and if it comes to naught but a hangover, I will be very cross, to say nothing of two blessedly meddlesome halflings. You have divined the purpose of all this, so for the love of all the Valar, will you please speak your mind?" "I would, but that just emptied it," Beregond said with a dumb grin. "Ai, Iluvatar!" Faramir exclaimed. "Except..." "Except?" "I... I would... I would stand with you. The king granted me mercy when all were saying that I was a traitor. The king would not have known he had the right to make this ruling. I can think of none who would have spoken for me but you. And... and I would stand with you. Not for you, but with you, shoulder to shoulder if you will permit, as... as brothers." He paused as if searching for still more words and Faramir waited with expectation. "And... and that's all. That's what I wanted to say," Beregond finished. Faramir and Beregond stood in the street, staring at each other for a very long moment. For a moment, Beregond thought he had erred for upon Faramir's face was a look he had never seen. But as the captain looked closer, he saw that it was not an unkind look. A smile soon came to Faramir's face and it lit his eyes. "Well," said Faramir, "we have met each other at last. We may have been thrust together by the war, but I could think of no better man to stand with as a brother." Once again, Beregond was set to blinking at Faramir with stupidity. Another long moment passed between them in silence. "Truly?" "Did I not say as much?" Faramir said. Beregond put both his hands on his hips and did his best to adopt a haughty tone. "You had best not be humoring a drunken old soldier." "Why, t'was I got him drunk!" Faramir said with incredulity. He stumbled over to Beregond and leaned on him once again. "Or are you so drunk you have forgotten? Now, come on. To home with the both of us. And together they continued up the city's main road, shoulder to shoulder. "Father! Father!" The words exploded into Beregond's head like the giant, stomping feet of a Mûmak on soft ground. Some small part of his mind reminded him that Mûmak feet crushed things and did not explode, that the imagery made no sense at all, but that was promptly gored to death by the Mûmak's sharp tusks. With a painful moan, Beregond rolled over on to his side and put his pillow over his head. It was a purely unconscious action. He could take no other sort, since it hurt to think. Thus insulated from the world, he figured he could drift back off into oblivion where everything didn't hurt. "Father! Wake up!" There was that Mûmak again. With another moan, Beregond decided to face the evil creature. He was, after all, a soldier of Gondor and would face any foe. Slowly, he pulled the pillow off his head and rolled back over. The light that came to his eyes took the form of barbed knives, but he fought them back with some work. Finally, he found himself staring up into the face of his son. "It's after the fourth bell already, father," said Bergil, "are you ill? Should I get the healer?" He shook Beregond's shoulder as if trying to rouse him. Every nerve in Beregond's body screamed. Slowly, Beregond waved Bergil off and sat up, fighting off the urge to wretch. This, too, was not an pleasant experience. In preparation to speak, he rolled his tongue around his mouth; it tasted the way he imagined a pickle might if it rotted. "Father?" Bergil prodded. "No, no, Bergil, I'm not ill," Beregond said, trying not to speak too loudly. "I guess Pippin was wrong, then." "Wrong about what?" "He said you wouldn't feel well this morning." "No, he was correct." "I don't understand." "Don't worry about it," said Beregond, hauling himself to his feet, "I just need to eat something." "All right," said Bergil, "but how come there are mops in the parlor?" Beregond paused, looking off into the distance and blinking, trying to collect himself. "Perhaps I should go to the healers." "Why?" "I could have sworn you just said there were mops in the parlor." "I did." The captain paused again, then shuffled to his door and made his way to the parlor, muttering under his breath. As soon as he got there, he stood in the doorway in wonder, shaking his head. Every single piece of paper that had been in the room had been replaced by a mop. "See?" said Bergil from Beregond's elbow. "And all your papers are gone, too." "Mops," Beregond pondered. "Bergil, where are Meriadoc and Peregrin?" "With the Ring-bearer, I think, in the gardens." "Go and fetch them for me, will you? And bring a glass vial if you can. I have a gift to send to a friend." Bergil nodded and went out the front door. As soon as the boy was gone, Beregond went back into his bedroom and opened a large chest. He dug around in it until he found a worn, old stuffed toy from his childhood, shaped as a friendly version of a Mûmak. "My friend, you ask and I answer," Beregond said to himself, "last night is not forgotten."