mother, filled with rage and never letting him live down his petty actions. We are free, Elrohirand we kept our promise." They looked to each other slowly, two sets of sapphires blazing in the moonlight. Elledan smiled knowingly, pushing himself up into a sitting position to wrap his arms around his brother. Elrohir returned the embrace without hesitation. How they could have ever let anything unravel the bond of twins was impossible to explain. They knew then, if they'd only searched their hearts and not given into inherited arrogance and petulance, this disaster would never have occurred. "You're so cold." Elrohir murmured, making Elledan draw back and blink in confusion. He didn't feel cold. "How is that ritual supposed to work?" Elledan shook his head, looking up to the moon. "I am uncertain. I had suspected it would work something like a summons, or similar. I thought perhaps my body would be left behind and my soul would be all that remains, to walk Middle-Earth, ever vigilant." "Are you certain you stopped it before it was complete?" Elrohir was uncomfortable with the concern Elledan might still be dying, somehow. Elledan nodded. "I am still here. The spell was brokenyou brought me back from the dead" he whispered, running his fingertip along the ridge of Elrohir's brow. His twin lowered his eyes, smiling softly as he untied the purple ribbons, letting the satin strips flutter to the bedding as he peeled away the black silk, tossing it away carelessly. They sat face to face for a long time, not speaking a word to one another, uncertain where to go, how to start. It was Elledan who moved first, shifting closer, one hand running slender, cool fingers through hair that could have been his own. Elrohir's head tilted backwards without resistance, always having been so perfectly compliant. Elledan's other hand slid beneath Elrohir's shirt, pushing it upwards while the fingers in Elrohir's hair balled into a fist, pulling at his hair and tilting his head back further. Elledan was not satisfied until Elrohir was shirtless and bent back so far his body quivered with the strain against it. Teeth and tongue left reddened, saliva-glistening trails over Elrohir's chest and belly, and made short work of turning his pink nipples into tough nubs of sensitive flesh, pert from the chill of night air drying moisture upon them. As ever, he bowed to the wills of his twin. He was a scholar above all else, not suited to the brutality of war, yet still a skilled and deadly swordsman. Elledan, however, was a master at wielding the upper hand. Elrohir valued that strength that he lacked, and it showed, even in their most pleasant sins. Somewhere between teeth, tongues and nails, they both divested themselves of their clothing, rolling over one another on the bed, sprawled in silk, tangled in ribbons. "I love you Elrohir. Despite your nose always to the books and your head in the clouds." "Aye, assuredly, and I suppose I should love you and all your pig-headed resolve?" "You look in the mirror enough, you know. Taking to bed with me should say something of your obscene vanity!" "Oh ho? And what about you! Haven't you heard the term, pot calling the kettle black?" "I am sorry, I don't understand your use of mortal slang. In our own language please?" Their unadulterated laughter rang through the empty halls of Rivendell, naked bodies twined together and glowing in the moonlight. If Elrohir had any complaints as to the chill on Elledan's skin before, they were lost. Heat was an easily shared commodity. They played like children, celebrating their unrestrained love for one another, free from the eyes and guards of other elves, of their father. Not even the Gods could protest their adoration of one another. But the spell had not been broken, and continued to work its powerful magicks as the twins toyed like kittens in the ribbons, past midnight and into the next morning. They sprawled, exhausted, in the death-bed, heedless of their grim though lovely surroundings. Nude, sweat-slick and blissfully complete, they slept as dawn slowly crept over the mountains, golden pools of light flickering through the lattice-work and fluttering silk panels. Elledan's eyes were covered with the ribbon, wrapped around his head several times by a teasing Elrohir, whose wrist was bound to Elledan's, their fingers entwined as their legs, matching hair mingling against the moss and silk background. The ribbon tangled around their bodies binding them together eternally, as they had always wished. When at last they rose, together, and arranged themselves for travel back to Gondor, they were unaware of the changes that had taken place. Not even Aragorn and Arwen were able to place fingers on the inexplicable changes. The change was made apparent by the end of Arwen's life, far, far in the future. Elledan and Elrohir became ghostly legends. They haunted the woods together, vengeful spirits that seemed flesh and blood but couldn't possibly be. No creature moved so fast, hunted with such skill. No elf could match them in their ferocity and passionate protection. From Rivendell to Fangorn, beyond to Gondor and Rohan, they were sighted, like as to archangels, in the Gondor legends, valkyries to those of Rohan, despite their gender. In Fangorn they were wraiths, terrifying to behold, twin spirits with blazing eyes and hair like the skies at night. And in Rivendell, they were the princes of an abandoned kingdom. They could not have lived as long as they did, no longer immortal, but even after the queen Arwen retreated to Rivendell to pass into memory, they were whispered to have been in places as far as Mirkwood and Mordor. They were never seen apart, always as a pair, always clothed in black and trailing violet sashes and ribbons. To this day, if one listens very carefully in the highest garden in the ruins of Rivendell, one can hear their laughter and smell roses in full bloom. Fin.