off the chair, as a breath suddenly was knocked out of her. Aragorn was knelt before Frodo, head bowed, as he vowed his life to the hobbit and the quest with soft, lilting words. Kali felt as if she couldn't breathe. He couldn't do this. Aragorn couldn't risk his life for a journey he did not need to take. Valar, help him! "You have my sword." As soon as those words left the curvature of his lips, Kali knew that it was sealed, that he would do everything in his power to protect this hobbit, whether he paid for it with his own life or another's. "And you have my bow." Legolas spoke up, stepping forward to stand in front of Frodo with a fluid stride. A split second later, Gimli shuffled in the direction of the ring bearer, weapon in hand. "And my axe." Boromir glanced at the men who had offered themselves to the quest before also, in turn, raising himself from the seat he occupied and speaking. "You carry the fate of us all, little one." The Gondorian's gaze landed on Elrond and Gandalf, before nodding to them and standing a little taller. His 6 foot 6 inch frame towered above Frodo as he spoke. "If this is indeed the will of the Council, then Gondor will see it done." Kali gazed in wonder at Middle Earth's greatest warriors standing before the hobbit, men pledging their lives to protect him, living up to their names of bravery and courage. Almost as if she had agreed with herself, Kali nodded before rising sinuously and stepping forward. "Though I do not possess the strength nor courage of these men, I will still gladly offer myself as a protector to you, Mr Baggins. You do not have to carry this burden alone." Frodo opened his mouth to speak, azure eyes dancing with wonder and terror, as he looked upon the steady posture of the Ranger, but as he began to form words, a man's sharp voice whipped out lowly. "No." Kali's gaze shot up to meet his and as soon as their eyes met, nothing on this world could have stopped her from looking away. Aragorn's irises were solid grey, unyielding to the softness of hers, frozen with an unrelenting rage and stubbornness that signified everything about the Ranger. "I have no want nor need of your blessing or permission, My Lord." Kali responded coldly, a determination of pursuing this quest racing through her body like liquid willpower. "'Tis' too dangerous, fair maiden." Boromir interjected, gravelly voice cutting through the haze of resentment that clouded Kali's mind. "I am neither fair nor a maiden. Whether you grant me permission or not, I will still follow you to the fires of Mordor and gladly burn in them alongside the Ring if that is what it takes. So do not take me for some lady or fool for I am more than capable."Kali hissed, cloak swishing violently around her waist as she came to stand before Frodo. She dropped to her knees, an audible thwack of bone on pavestones resonating clearly around the glade. Kali ignored the pain. "I will follow you into the flames, my dear korma kolindo." Ring bearer. Though, Frodo did not understand the Elvish in which she spoke, he knew that she had named him rightfully. A firm hand clamped down on her shoulder and without looking, Kali knew who it was. It was a ' We'll talk later ' gesture. One that she did not want to go through. Suddenly, a hobbit ran from the shrubbery that was formed around the clearing, an obvious indication of eavesdropping. "Mr. Frodo's not going anywhere without me." The first one piped up, an accent running throughout the words. Elrond lips quirked into a smile as he looked upon at the friend of Frodo. "No, Indeed, it is hardly possible to separate you. Even when he is summonedto a secret council and you are not." Two other hobbits also appeared momentarily, a look of confidence covering their faces as they stepped from the bushes. "Oi! We're coming too! You'll have tosend us home tied up in a sack to stop us." The first greeted, oh so politely. "Anyway, you need people of intelligence on this sort of mission, quest...thing." The other began, stumbling out his words at the end, when all attention fell on him. "Well, that rules you out, Pip." Kali enjoyed the light-heartedness of the banter between both hobbits, as it cut through the tension that had been laced through the air. Elrond surveyed the group, eyes landing on Kali before flashing up to meet Aragorn's disapproving yet steady gaze. "Nine companions. So be it." It felt as if Kali had been stabbed with a Morgul blade, as the obviousness of who had been chosen, shone through in Elrond's words. The grip on her shoulder tightened, before releasing her in a noticeable movement of relief and gratitude. All Kali felt was worthless. "You shall be the Fellowship of the Ring." Elrond announced, widening his arms to signify the group he had chose to undertake such a mission. She had never felt so excluded in her life. And as one hobbit, named Pippin spoke up with a cheerfulness that brought Kali down even more, she couldn't help but sense of self-doubt. Was it because she wasn't good enough? Kali stood up gracefully, brushing herself off in one sweep of her hand, before turning on her heel in hope of meeting the exit. As she looked up, she was met with the sight of a man blocking her departure with his tunic-clad chest. Shoulders tensed with a gloom even the light of Rivendell couldn't lighten, Kali gave a momentary look to who was in her way. Gun mental grey locked onto her rich mead eyes once more. "It's been too long, my wanderer." Kali's knees began to weaken as he took a step forward. And another as Aragorn began to approach.