beaming like a proud mother hen for three days afterwards. And then we approached the gates of Moria. Chapter 8: Gates of Moria Chapter Eight: Gates of Moria A/N: I think it is important to note that I will use some dialogue from the books and some from the movies, but this is a Fan-FICTION. A lot of this will be changed. The plot, however, will stay as true to the original work of Peter Jackson and John R.R. Tolkien. "Legolas," I called, suddenly panicked. "Do you feel that?" "There is great evil here," he answered after a moment. "It is an evil I cannot place, yet an evil we must face. There is no other path through the mountains." I nodded, trying to stop the shivers of unease that crawled up and down my spine. "…Mirrors only starlight… and moonlight." Gandalf had been telling the others in the background. Just as he finished, the light of the moon escaped a heavy cloud ad shone down, revealing the Gates of Moria. It reads: "Speak, friend, and enter," "What does that mean?" Pip asked thoughtfully. "It's very simple," Gandalf answered. "If you are a friend you speak the password and you can enter," We sat for three hours while Gandalf tried every password in his arsenal. Nada. I even managed to organize a spar that consisted of Aragorn, Boromir, Legolas, Gimli and I against Merry, Pippin, Sam, and Frodo, respectively. But the hobbits' boredom could only be quenched for so long. Before anyone could stop him, Pip kicked a stone into the pond. "I'm dead bored. Lynn," He whined. "What can we do?" "Hmmm…" I mused as I watched the ripples carefully. "We could sing," "Why don't you sing us a song, Lynn?" Merry asked eagerly. "What song would I sing?" I inquired, bewildered. "Something from your homeland," Legolas pitched in. "Um," I tried to think of an appropriate song. "Okay…" "Concrete Angel" She walks to school with the lunch she packed Nobody knows what she's holdin' back Wearin' the same dress she wore yesterday She hides the bruises with linen and lace The teacher wonders but she doesn't ask It's hard to see the pain behind the mask Bearing the burden of a secret storm Sometimes she wishes she was never born Through the wind and the rain She stands hard as a stone In a world that she can't rise above But her dreams give her wings And she flies to a place where she's loved Concrete angel Somebody cries in the middle of the night The neighbors hear, but they turn out the lights A fragile soul caught in the hands of fate When morning comes it'll be too late Through the wind and the rain She stands hard as a stone In a world that she can't rise above But her dreams give her wings And she flies to a place where she's loved Concrete angel A statue stands in a shaded place An angel girl with an upturned face A name is written on a polished rock A broken heart that the world forgot Through the wind and the rain She stands hard as a stone In a world that she can't rise above But her dreams give her wings And she flies to a place where she's loved Concrete angel (Martina McBride) "Wow," Aragorn smiled at me in complement. "Beautiful," Merry agreed. "Very fitting," Legolas gave me a wink that started an array of confusion in my emotions and set butterflies loose in my chest. Did I fancy Legolas? I did not know. Chapter 9: Flamer Response Well! This isn't the MOST stupid I've seen, because there are some real doosies out there, but this is pretty high ranking in its own right. Your writing style is horrible; I could FEEL the CHEESE just OOSING out of my very pores just half way through. With little bits of corn chips, as well as copious amounts of pus and blood. No Sir, I don't like it. Anyone who does, (or even lies and says they do to spare your feelings) has to be half catatonic. Seriously. I'm embarrassed to have clicked on this really. Accidental though it may have been. My advice to you? Stop. Go no further. Do NOT write ANYMORE. Remove this travesty from the internet. Delete your user account. Do NOT create ANOTHER. ANYWHERE. Destroy any thing you may have written in the past. Do not write anything in the future in the hopes that the world may change its mind about you. And finally, Lle naa haran e nausalle? Before you complete the previously described Guide to Making the World a Better Place? Get a new alias. Dead World's Nemesis I have to say, this was unexpected. My first reaction went something like this: "OMG! OMG! OMG! I GOT MY FIRST FLAMER!" But then it was more: "WTF? What did I ever do to you? Did your dog die today? But more importantly, what kind of cheese is oozing out of your pores, and is it edible? And you should probably see a doctor about that puss and blood thing, I'm pretty sure it isn't natural." And the final stage: "Hey there my little flamer; How are you doing today? No one said you had to read my story, and if it was such a waste of time, then why bother to take the extra time to review, if you so obviously needed it to do something super important. Did it make you feel better, tearing me down and ridiculing my writing? I hope it wasn't a waste of time. You should know, that you actually added quite a bit of amusement to my day, even if what you wrote was written with malicious intents. But just remember, what you sow you will eventually reap in a tenfold. So flame all you want, but in the end, it will be you that will get burned." Have a Nice Life. ur document here...