at having him in my charge has me imagining problems where none exist. I have already spent a great deal of time worrying over just this one issue: is Legolas troubled over something and if he is, is it my place to ask about it? Should I step in or should I mind my own business? I groan inwardly as I ponder over these questions for what seems like the thousandth time. There is so much opportunity for me to make grave errors in judgment and I fear my newly acquired charge will be the one to suffer for them. I can only hope good intentions are enough to make up for my lack of experience in such matters. These concerns continue to plague me and finally I end up commenting on the least important of them. "Destroying the bread does not count as breakfast, Lad," I remind him. "Eat before a stiff wind carries you off." He sends me an odd look, but makes an attempt to swallow a bite or two until the warriors beside us rise to leave their places and one of them offers a final snide remark just before exiting the hall. He watches them leave and for a moment it appears that he is going to go after them, so I reach out and place a hand on his wrist. "I said let it go," I remind him, " it isn't important." "It is important, Master Gimli. You are a guest of the Lady!" "And her kindness is welcome enough to suit me," I insist, "Do not let their bad manners ruin your day, for I am not worried about it at all. We must not let them drag us down to their level by trying to repay in kind. Let it go." He watches my face for a long moment and I try to keep my expression steady. Finally he nods and looks down distastefully at his plate piled with miniscule bits of bread. "Thank you," I say, patting his hand and then try again to search for a pleasant topic. I end up asking him about Strider for I know that they were already acquainted before our coming together in Rivendell. As it turns out they have been friends most of Aragorn's life, and have had quite a few adventures together. By the time we leave Legolas seems cheered up a bit retelling those tales. For the first time it dawns on me that an elf befriending a mortal could be an odd experience. This boy he knew as a very young child has caught up with and surpassed him in terms of maturity, so that he has been both as an older brother and then a younger brother, until now they could be almost father and son and if Aragorn makes it through this quest to live out his life span, he will look more like a grandfather in time. The same will be true of the two of us, should things work out and we remain friends after the quest. When I have lived out my life, he will be considered a very young adult at most. If that is so and I remain true to my promise beyond the quest, he could possibly be in my charge the rest of my life, at least at intervals. Hopefully by then I will have some inkling of what I am doing. After we leave the dining hall, we spend a little more time in light conversation but when it turns to talk of the quest he again takes on that faraway look as if his mind is elsewhere. Almost I question him, but lose the nerve. We soon part ways after making arrangements to meet again later in the evening. I am almost relieved at our parting for I need more time to think through what I have devoted myself to here. Truthfully it is the first time I have felt so completely inadequate for a task. What exactly does my new role require of me, and am I already remiss in my responsibility? He seems to be in some kind of need, but dare I offer my assistance? My heart tells me to throw caution to the wind and take a risk, but my mind warns me to be careful. I find myself walking along the banks of the Silverload, watching the swiftly flowing water as if it might be able to provide an answer to my quandary. I startle a bit when it seems to speak. "You must follow your heart, Master Dwarf." The voice is melodic and feminine- fitting for a river's voice-and yet I know it is not so. That voice I could never mistake for another's for it is permanently burnt into my memory. It is the Golden Lady of the Galadhrim who is fairer and more enchanting than any other. I turn to gaze upon her fair face and her ethereal beauty is almost too much to bear. Her silver-gold tresses are like an ever-running stream in the moonlight, and yet her inner beauty is more glorious still. I am so taken by her presence that I cannot find the words to respond, but apparently my words are not needed, for she continues with a gentle smile. "You have a kind heart and your intentions are pure. It will not lead you astray. You must do as your heart tells you and trust it." Trust my heart? It is not something I am accustomed to doing, for I am a creature of logic and planning, and yet I know the Lady would never lead me astray, and so I know now what I must do. I will find the lad and let my heart lead me as to what to say. By the time I have formed something coherent to say, she has already taken herself away with delicately silent steps. "Thank you," I call out to the empty air where she stood moments ago.