drinking; Abel assures that i don't have to drink anymore; Frey passes out before the rest of us. "My head...It feels odd" I state half sitting, half falling to the ground. I cannot with hold a giggle to escape my lips. Abel plops down beside me smiling like a young boy. Valkath tears more meat from another stick of meat. "You're drunk" Abel laughs along with me. "I don't know what is so funny!" I call out to the forest. "Children.." Lipin mutters from across the fire. My laugh instantly stops. I blink quickly trying to act proper. "I beg your pardon...but..." I point, not sure at what. "You have no right to judge me..." I close my eyes, wanting to fall asleep, but pushing myself to continue talking. "You don't know what I've gone through!" I call. I swallow. Abel still laughing like a child. "You are a poor rich noblewoman...what is the hardest life you could have had?" Lipin spits the words at me. "I have done things to people...Things no one could dream..." I stare at the fire, lost in the memory i suddenly refused to share. The camp goes quiet, except the gentle snores coming from Frey. "I...I..." Lipin raises an eyebrow ushering me on. As if i deserved rescued, Darkness clouds my vision and i feel the cold ground as i drift into sleep. "I don't trust her..." Lipin states a few minutes after i am asleep. "You don't trust anyone" Abel protests. "Her more than anything...There is something about her that just makes me nervous" Lipin explains. I cannot blame him. My family is responsible for the mutation of his kind into weapons. "Lip, Abel, Do either of ya get the feelin' the Lass ain't tellin' us everythin'?" I moan and turn away from the trio. All three of them remaining silent. "Like what? She just met us...we aren't exactly welcoming company" I assumed Abel eyed Lipin. "Because i am cautious about company joining us, I am unwelcoming?" Lipin protested. "You glared at her all night" Abel and Lipin argued until Frey spoke. "Will you two shut up? I am trying to sleep" He turned and his snoring continued. The argument ceased. "Look, its just a girl, she can join us until we make it to Shale...Then, we go our separate ways" Abel offered an undeniable request. "Alright..But Shale and no further" I finally allowed the night to take me into dreams. "You need to learn a lesson you will never forget" I could feel his breath as his arms pinned me against the bed. The dangerous dagger held to my throat as he easily overpowered me with one hand. Using the knife, he cut the dress. Tears streamed my face. "Mira?" I was shaken. I jumped awake, flailing. "Wow.." Frey caught my hands when i was about to hit him. I looked around. I was in the forest. Abel, Lipin, and Valkath were all asleep around me. "Are you alright? You were moaning and begging for someone to stop..." Frey stared into my eyes if they somehow held the answer. I quickly pulled my hands from his. "I am fine...Just a bad dream" I stood, forcing him to back away. "If you need to talk about anything..." I shook my head, turning my back to him. "You were crying in your sleep too..." I felt his gaze staring through me; like he could see my world. "I am fine..." I repeated. "Thank you for waking me" I turned, putting on a convincing smile. His face full of concern. "Mira..." "Look, i just met you...we had fun chatting last night, i appreciate the food and wine, but it does not give you a right into my life story" I snapped. Immediately regretting my harsh tone. He only smiled at me. "Your right...I apologize" He bowed his head to me. "If you would like, we will take you to Shale...I can speak for all of us when i say we don't feel right leaving you to get there yourself" Frey smiles. "I am grateful, but things may get dangerous...I should leave" I make my way over to my horse and mount him. "Thank you again, good bye" I begin down the trail towards Shale alone. "Hey!" I hear someone calling from behind a while down the trail. I turn in my saddle. "Hey, Mira wait up!" Frey comes trotting down the trail on horseback. I narrow my eyes at him. "What are you doing?" I ask as he slow and stops his horse beside mine. "The others are coming...i just had to slow ya down" I jerk my head hearing the sound of horses coming down the trail to us. "I said it was dangerous to travel with me" I say calmly as Abel, Lipin and Valkath come up. Everyone but Lipin with a smile spread across their faces. "Look, Frey told us...We don't mind a little danger in our lives" Abel stated. "Aye, Lass...Ya be safer with us than on yer own" I run my fingers through my hair. "Guys, i appreciate this, but, i cannot allow you to sacrifice yourselves" I look down the trail. "They will be looking for me soon" I whisper to myself. None of them hear, except Lipin, who gives me a quick glare before turning back to Abel. "Then its settled...We wont travel with you..." Abel smiles as Frey and Valkath both protest. He silences them with the raising of his hand. "Go on.." He gestures to the path. I slowly begin making my way back down the road. Shortly after, the four men are walking, keeping pace with my horse just a few feet behind. "Really?" I ask. Abel, Frey and Valkath all laugh. "We are not traveling with you...you just happen to be a few feet ahead of us" I roll my eyes and speed up. They all match my speed. This rotation continues until night fall. "Alright, well, lets stop for the night" Frey calls.