lips, he tasted the bitter victory. He inhaled and cried out again, his every muscle straining with the effort. Knowing this bitterness, Elrohir accepted it and ached for more. It was a hunger that grew within him, even as he cried out. It filled every ounce of his being, and he savored the flavor of it. He accepted this part of him, this dangerous, killing side of him. This vengeful assassin. It was a sharp contrast to the elven beauty he possessed, and he knew it. He delighted in the fact. Closing his mouth, he stood for a moment in silence. Hearing Legolas moan, he knew that he was not alone in his love of this carnage. He knew he had to have more, to feel his blades cutting through that evil flesh of the orc. He had to taste their blood; his hunger for it was as urgent as his need to breathe: he would never be free of it. Understanding what he was, he loved himself for accepting it. Reaching out, he put his arm around Legolas' neck, pulling his friend to him. Elladan moved closer in, completing the circle. Elladan watched his brother climbing on the dead orcs. He had never felt more at peace with himself. Taking his brother's hand, he joined him. Legolas climbed swiftly up after him. He knew what to do. They raised their weapons into the air, and cried out roughly into the night. Elladan felt his muscles tense from the exertion as he screamed his fury. It felt good to him. He remembered the anguish he had felt when they had found his mother. Too late to save her from the torments and tortures of the orcs, too late to save her honor. It had made him feel helpless and stripped of his manhood. So mighty a warrior as he, helpless to save the one in all of Middle Earth that had meant the most to him. The horror had ripped through him like a jagged saw, tearing away whatever pity was left in him. He had nursed a growing void inside him, filling it with seething hatred. Today he had unleashed that rage with red fury. He had found an outlet for it: killing orcs. He did not feel surprise at that knowledge, but accepted the fact as one does that the sun rises and sets each day. Having been trained as a warrior, his skills were honed to perfection, and in perfection, he had slain his enemy. Drawing another breath, he continued his scream of rage. He felt the muscles in his abdomen harden as he forced his lungs to exhale, fueling his cry. The blood on him was cooling now, but it still gave him the comfort he sought. He could remember the taste. Bitter. Just like the souls of the orcs. He wished he could fill a flagon of it, toast their dead carcasses, and drain it dry. Bloodlust swelled up inside him, an unquenchable desire for dealing death. He embraced the desire as he closed his mouth and hung his head. Seeing Elrohir putting his arm around Legolas' neck, he stepped closer to his brother. Their three foreheads rested on one another. These were his brothers, one by the same parents, all by blood. It had bonded them. He knew this as he looked into their eyes, noting the changes he saw within them, knowing that something inside him had changed too. This night would not be the last. They would continue on this journey of theirs, for as long as it took, and they would do it together as one. He squeezed their shoulders, and they his. He saw the sneer on Legolas' face. It would haunt him all his days. Then he heard Legolas speak, declaring aloud his own desire: "Let's hunt orc." Elation swam through his head and heart, filtering through to his soul. Yes, he would hunt the orc relentlessly. He followed his brothers to the horses and they mounted them. He sheathed his sword, and twitched, impatient. Elladan already craved the next battle. He and his brothers turned and rode into the night. Legolas had joined the twins. His skin crawled with electricity, his every nerve drawn taunt. Even in his fell mood, he recognized that he felt aroused. His pupils were enlarged, hiding the color of his eyes. The tingling in his nether regions teased him and he felt the savage need for release; rough, fast and hard. He gritted his teeth, adjusted his leggings, and marveled at this new twist in his hunger for revenge. This was the last emotion he expected to feel in connection with such extreme violence. He had never viewed females as a means to an end, but had always treated them with a reverent respect. However, in this moment, he knew had one been present, he would have thrown her to the ground and forcefully taken her. He did not feel disgust in this revelation, but perverted pleasure. Then a sneer marred his face. He would hunt them to the ends of Arda and only in their extinction, would he purge all anger from himself. He would have his revenge for the loss of Celebrain and her motherly love. He would make trophies of the putrid orcs and fill their black hearts with a fear greater than they possessed for their master. He would be both beautiful and terrible in his dealing of vengence. Legolas leaned his forehead against those of the twins and stated what they themselves had not the tongue to say, "Let's hunt orc." The sun sank beneath the horizon, and the quiet of the night enveloped them. A spirit of malice rode hard over Arda seeking prey. The souls of the vengeful were tainted with a black evil. Ragged tendrils stretched over the before innocent hearts of the three warriors. The fury and lust of their soiled pysche's feasted upon the vehement destruction executed by their own lethal hands. oOo