I by no means approved the words 'safe in my care' I was not such an idiot as to voice my objections and Gimli was already placing my escort into the care of an escort of their own. I wondered at this but since it was of little interest to me I was happy to see them being led away and was more than content to follow Gimli into the city through the shattered main gates. When he then pronounced that he was happy to ride up to the Citadel behind me on Arod, I began to wonder if something was amiss a belief that was reinforced when six of the Citadel Guard formed up around us and seemed determined to escort the pair of us all the way to the seventh level and a reunion with Aragorn and Arwen. Still, I was so happy to be reunited with Gimli that I did not argue for we had so much news to exchange and I wanted to hear if his family were well, especially Lady Vonild and Greirr. I was also keen to know of how far he had got in organizing a move of some of his kin to Rohan. In no time at all we were clattering through the tunnel and coming out at the steps before the newly restored King's House. Aragorn and Arwen are both waiting for us, and like Gimli before them their faces are wreathed in smiles. Aragorn hurries forward to help Gimli down and then all but drags me from Arod's back so happy is he it seems to have me back in Gondor. We exchange warrior handclasps and then be pulls me into a fraternal hug. "It is good to have you here with us again" he laughs, "I thought Thranduil might refuse to let you come." "So did I," I retort moving over to Arwen who is still standing on the steps with both arms open. "You are more beautiful than ever," I tell her as I kiss her hand. "And so are you. Your winter at home has done you good it seems. How is your father?" "He is very well, and very busy trying to bring our forests back to good health. It has not stopped him from spending the whole of the season in scolding and lecturing me on my various failings. Still, he sends his best wishes to you, hopes you are happy in your new life and said I was to tell you that if there is anything he can do for you he will be glad to do so." Arwen beams at me "Dear Lord Thranduil, he is so kind. I shall write to him today. But come in come in, your baggage arrived a few days ago. You will be pleased to know that I have had your trunks unpacked." The four of us go into the hall and up the stone staircase to the King's private apartments; Arwen has tucked her hand in mine and is chattering away as we walk. I keep one ear on her words and allow most of my attention to take in the changes that have been made in this austere building since last year. There are signs of elven influence everywhere. Rich hangings, filmy drapes at the windows, statuary and pieces of art work on elegant tables and most importantly to me at least bowls of fresh flowers and leaves. We reach the second floor and I look back to where Aragorn and Gimli are following. They are talking quietly to each other and I hear Aragorn asking if anything unusual occurred on our journey up through the city. "No, and I made sure the escort sent by King Thranduil are safely housed in the barracks on the sixth level and that should they wish to go out into the city they will be accompanied." A frown creases my brow and I see that Arwen is also listening to her husband and Gimli and that she is scowling, I am about to ask what is amiss when she shakes her head and indicates we will speak later. I have to be satisfied with that since we have reached my temporary quarters. I am surprised to find that I am to be sharing my rooms with Gimli. Not that I have any great objection to the arrangement save that my bedchamber windows look out over an inner courtyard rather than the city itself. I look down at the sheer walls beneath and above me; it occurs to me that I have been placed here to make it difficult for me to 'escape'. Such a thought is unworthy of me I tell myself yet I cannot rid myself of the idea that I am being kept safe from something or someone and I do not like it at all. I am not a child and I do not appreciate being treated as if I am one. I have promised myself that this visit will be the one where I get to do as I wish rather than what others decide for me. I intend to explore the city and its surroundings and I promised Greirr that I would make drawings of all the things of interest and make notes for him on all the things I see. I read also during the long winter months that in the spring it has been the tradition for the youth of Minas Tirith to indulge in horse racing around the streets of the city itself and I am determined that should it be run during my stay I am going to take part. For now I smile and nod as Aragorn and Arwen ask Gimli and myself to join them for dinner. We are the first of the guests invited for the one-year anniversary celebrations to arrive in Minas Tirith and as Arwen says we have much to catch up on. Not least just what is going on between Aragorn and Gimli?