think on ways they could have changed what had happened, but Legolas knew there was nothing he could have done differently. He could not have lied, nor could he have spared Estel's life with the truth. Because the dark man had known all along, it was all planed out from the beginning. They had planned Estel's death, for no other reason but to torment the elven prince. And the helplessness of it all brought the tears again and he clenched shut his eyes and his teeth to crush the sob that threatened to burst from the very depth of his being. Unfortunately or not, this was a bad time to close his eyes. Even an elf will need to watch his feet as he walked, if he had he would have seen the protruding tree root that very un kindly caught his foot and held it still, causing the elf to fall to the ground with a grunt. For his hands were still bound behind him and he could not catch himself, his elven reflexes did allow him to twist quickly enough to land on his shoulder and not his face. His escorts merely looked down at him with an amused smile on there ugly faces and he was in no mood to be laughed at. So he suddenly kicked out at the closer of the two, sending the brute to the ground along with him. "What is going on? Why have you stopped?" The dark man called out. Legolas glanced behind him and saw the leader pushing his way back through the men from the front to see what had happened. He looked to the two men, wanting an answer. "Well?" The one still standing looked at his feet. "The clumsy elf tripped." He said and the one on the ground, who was holding his wounded knee, pointed at Legolas and whined. "When we stopped he kicked me! I think he was trying' to escape." Legolas glared at the man, it was obvious he was lying and even the dark man could tell. But all the same he glanced down at the prone elf at his feet. With one of his known smiles, he said softly. "Well. We can't have that, now can we?" Then out of no where the man produced a length of rope. He daftly tied off the end in a loop. Even in his emotional turmoil the elven prince knew what the rope 'leash' was going to be use as, and quickly got to his feet. Though just as he stood straight, the dark man gestured to the elf's two escorts and they griped him tightly again. By this time, the whole company of men was standing around the small group, watching to see how their leader treated his captive. As the man approached him, Legolas twisted and turned in their grasps though his spirit was very close to breaking, he still had enough pride left not to just stand there and allow a human to put a leash on him and lead him around like a dog. "Ah, you see, Legolas, you are acting above your status. You are no longer an elven prince here." Those words did nothing but make Legolas fight to break there hold all the more. But the men would no allow it, and the one on the elf's right, the one that Legolas had kicked, paid him back with his own kick to the back of the elf's knees. Legolas went down, and as he fell to his knees the dark man used the opportunity to slip the rope over his head. Blue eyes, that once held such joy and light, though now were dark and stormy, pierced the dark man. "You will die for this, Human, though you will kill me, your end will soon follow." There was so much conviction in the elf's voice that the dark man stepped back to study him again. Then his smile went dark, and with a skilled yank, the noose tightened around Legolas's throat. "Well if that is the case, I had better make it worth it, shouldn't I?" He said, looking to the men holding the elf, "Hold him still, I would hate for this to hurt." With a dark gleam in his eye the man pulled out a knife. Legolas instinctively stepped back from the blade. But as they were told, the men holding him griped his arms tighter, and one of them took the leash and pulled it taunt. Making it hard for the elf to draw breath, though he could still breath he knew that any movement of his head would cut off all air. The dark man, grinning still, took a hold of his outer tunic and started to cut it away from the elf. He took his time, and once he was done the elf stood in his thin and light under tunic. The fabric clung to the lithe torso of the elf. And though he felt not a chill with out the second tunic, a shiver ran down his back for he felt less protected from the men around him. "Now, Legolas, I will show you what it is to be miss led by others." And in a flash the Dark man used a particular long strip of the prince's own tunic and blindfolded him. When the cloth blocked out the light, it took all of Legolas's will not to panic. He hated the dark, knowing that he was bound and about to be lead by a leash was one thing, but to be unable to see the light of the day was too much for his already aching soul. He concentrated on controlling his breathing; it would never do for the men to see his distress. "Come, my little elf." Whispered the dark man in to his ear. And he felts the leash yanked forward. He stumbled but caught him self before he fell. Through darkness of mind and sight he was lead.