of their fallen leader. He cautiously put his hand on Legolas' shoulder and was pleased when the lad did not pull away. "We shall all miss him, Laddie, but he would wish us to continue on," he said, giving the shoulder a squeeze. "But Master Gimli, I don't see how I can. You do not know what I have done!" The elf said desperately. "Perhaps you would like to tell me about it?" Gimli suggested. Legolas searched the honest face of the dwarf and something in the dark, kind eyes made him confide his concerns. "I saw it first, before anyone else." "Saw what first Lad?" "The Balrog!" he said in horror, " I saw its shadow and even strung my bow. But when I truly realized what it was, I was petrified for a moment! I was so frightened that I dropped the arrow! It slipped right out of my hand, Master Gimli. Had I released that first shot, things might have turned out differently. If I hadn't been so craven, Mithrandir might still be alive!" The anguish was plain to see in the cerulean eyes of the elf. Gimli's heart broke at these haunted words, and then black rage filled him and came up into his throat. What kind of world was it that required children to experience such carnage? The elfling had not only seen a close companion being slain right before his eyes, but had also somehow twisted the event in his mind until he felt he was to blame for this tragedy. This was an outrage of enormous proportions! They were indeed living in evil times. Gimli blinked several times and swallowed hard before he could get his emotions under control enough to speak. "Listen to me carefully, child," he whispered, grasping a slim shoulder in each hand, and looking deeply into the troubled eyes, "there is no possible way the wizard's death could be construed as your fault. You have done absolutely nothing wrong. We were all terrified, Lad. It would have been unnatural not to be." Legolas looked away. "I wish I could believe that," he said, his eyes bright with unshed tears. "You must believe it!" The dwarf's voice became sharp as he gave the elf a little shake, "and you are one of the most courageous individuals I've ever met! If I ever hear you call yourself craven again you will not like the consequences! Do you understand me, Elf?" "I…I believe so," Legolas said, though it was clear he was not entirely certain of the dwarf's meaning. "Anyway, your words have eased my heart a bit, and I shall never forget you kindness. Thank you, friend Gimli." "You are most welcome, Lad," he said. The dwarf dared to run his hand once down the golden hair, and was gratified when the elfling leaned into his touch. Neither the elf nor the dwarf spoke for several minutes, each one lost in his own thoughts. Gimli was the first to break the silence. "I suppose Aragorn had spoken to you about the proposal he has for us?" he asked. "He has." "Do you understand what it would mean if you agree?" "Yes. He wishes for you to act as my guardian. I would be agreeing to accept you as a replacement parent of sorts, until I return home." "I know this is a difficult decision," Gimli said, "but I promise I would do my best for you, though I have little experience in such things. I must warn you, though, that dwarves take their vows very seriously. I never do anything with half a heart!" "I do not doubt that," Legolas said, "it is thoughtful of you to agree to assist me in this way." "So what say you, Laddie?" Gimli asked cheerfully. Instead of answering directly, Legolas did something that the dwarf would recognize from that day on as the elven way of coming at a subject sideways. He changed the topic. "My father always likes me to braid his hair," he said. He thought of his Adar's regal elegance, and then the dwarf's blunt, matter of fact ways. "Is that so?" Gimli was confused by this turn in the conversation. "He can do it himself, of course," Legolas continued, "but he finds it pleasant when I do it for him. My naneth always did it before she died. Perhaps it reminds him of her." "Perhaps so," Gimli said, still unsure where this was leading. The elf looked at the dwarf from under his lashes. "I could re-braid your beard," he said shyly, picking up the frazzled hair from the dwarf's face, "you look a bit of a mess." "It's true that I haven't had much time for preening of late," Gimli said, finally understanding. "I would appreciate your ministrations, Laddie." Later that evening, after Boromir had taken over the watch, the four hobbits stared in amazement as Legolas sat in front of the dwarf and began combing sections of the great beard. "What is he doing to you, Gimli?" Pippin asked curiously. "We are having a new type of competition between the two of us!" Gimli joked, " It is to be a contest to see who is the fairest. He didn't want to beat me too badly so he's giving me a little help." "Now Master Gimli," the elf laughed, "I'm sure when I'm finished with you, you will have no trouble coming in second." He lifted great hands full of the bristly beard. "I could get lost in here, Pip," he said smiling at the young hobbit, "If you don't see me for a while, send in a search party." Aragorn heard this last line, along with the laughter of the hobbits. He alone, though, understood the significance of what was taking place. "I see it is settled then?" Aragorn asked. Legolas and Gimli looked at the man, and then at each other, and nodded. A friendship that was to become famous throughout all of Arda had begun.