expected to serve your punishment for the remainder of this week...maybe next week as well." Elrond seethed inside. "You three will scrub every cobble stone in my court yard, patio, and garden on your hands and knees with hand brushes. Then you will clean and polish every statue on my grounds until they glisten. Then you will scrub my barns from roof to floor, wall to wall and everything inside them. And this is just for starters." His voice remained steady, commanding, with no hesitation. "Well, why are you still sitting here? You have plenty to occupy your time now." El, Ro, and Legolas had retreated further back into their chairs with every spoken word, until Elrond demanded they get started. They jumped up and ran to escape his voice and glaring eyes. Elrond wiped his face with his hands and looked at Glorfindel. "I have been cursed. That's what all this is, a curse. I should just set sail now while I'm still alive." "My lord Elrond, you have been a most patient father, and your judgment and punishment is most fair. I say they will have no more time for mischief, and plenty of aches and blisters to remind them should they have a thought of more." Elrond lowered his head on his desk, waved Glorfindel away, and hid in the safety of his study for the remainder of the day. end flashback oOo Legolas rose from his bench and considered himself lucky. His things were packed and he was ready to go home. Estel was still mad at him, but not as furious as at the beginning. Still, no one knew of his part as instigator, and he feared what Elrond would do to him should he ever be found out. He looked at his hands. The blisters were healing and his knees and back did not ache as badly today. He thought of Estel again. Elrond had given him a hair cut that evened everything out, cleanly shaved him and Estel's pride was well on the mend. Legolas rubbed his jaw. Estel had punched him after Legolas had suggested that after a month Aragorn would look just as scruffy as before. He gathered his bow and quiver and went to the barn. In a few moments he was sitting astride his horse in the courtyard bidding farewell to his extended family. "Legolas," called Elrond as he ran up beside him, "I do love you still. And you are still a most welcome member of this family." Elrond grasped Legolas' hand. "I am sending Glorfindel with you on this journey. He will be taking some items your father requested." He lowered his voice and smiled, "In fact I love you and Glory so much, I'm going to give you both a day's start before I spill the beans on you both, and those three come after you." Elrond grabbed the reins of Legolas horse, enjoying the prince's distress clearly shown on his face. "I remembered that day, a little squirrel all over my roof. I couldn't understand what you were doing. All the pieces fell into place when I calmed down. Still my cobblestones look very nice." Elrond smiled, happy in his revenge, and continued, "You'd best be on your way. Wouldn't want your father to worry now would we?" Legolas swallowed hard, sheen of perspiration began to coat his body. Glorfindel rode up beside Legolas. "I am ready my Lord Elrond. I will deliver this to King Thranduil as you have requested." Legolas stared at Glorfindel in shock. He suddenly understood what had happened to Estel's hair. "Oh, Lord Glorfindel, Legolas has something to tell you to give you heart on your journey. Good speed and safe journey, both of you." Glorfindel frowned, not understanding the sarcasm, but Legolas' eyes grew wide, his stomach knotting inside of him. Without warning Legolas sped away as if all the orcs of Mordor were on his trail. Glorfindel followed, calling for Legolas to slow. oOo King Thranduil stood watching the gates waiting for his son. Runners had come, telling of Legolas and Glorfindel riding hard, laying low in their horses necks. But they did not understand because the only ones following the two were the sons of Elrond, about two miles back, riding just as hard. Thranduil laughed to himself, wondering what mischief they had gotten themselves into. "Legolas and Glorfindel are obviously guilty of something." Legolas sped through the gates of his father's kingdom, stopping only momentarily, "Close the gates. Allow no entry, especially to that human and his brothers, do not harm them, but allow no entry. Quickly, obey your prince!" The guards jumped, startled by the command of their prince, and shut the gates. Legolas said the secret words and sealed the gates. "No entry!" He growled as he and Glorfindel sped to the doors of the palace. They stopped and hopped off their panting horses. Glorfindel hardly bowed and ran into the palace. Legolas ran to his father and grabbed the front of his king's robes. "Protect me, Ada, please. I am the son of your loins, heir of your kingdom, and crown prince." Legolas glanced at the gates and saw the sons of Elrond approaching. "Ai!" He cried. "I love you, Ada, I always have, Please don't let them get me." Legolas eyes showed fear, and pleading at the same time. "If you have to," he paused then squinted his eyes, "sacrifice Glori to appease them." With that he ran into the palace, straight to his room and barricaded the door. Thranduil stood, looking to where his son had run, to his gates, and back and forth again. He alternated clearing his throat, and blinking. He was at a total loss and knew not where to go or what to do. "Is that Estel?" He thought. "His hair is much shorter than I remember, and where is that scraggly beard and mustache he was so proud of?" oOo Authors Note: Please leave a review.