would not go away no matter how hard he had tried. He didn't know why she had grown so much more than a friend to him in the past few months, but he did know that he now liked her and that it was driving him absolutely crazy. He just might have to kill Merry and Pippin. It wasn't Angie's fault, it was theirs! She was all they talked about when she wasn't around. 'How pretty Angie is this' and 'how great Angie is that...' Frodo and Sam agreed a long time ago that they had covered just about every inch of her in describing her beauty in which he was blind to until recently. Yep, he had been brainwashed. Merry and Pippin must die. He now wished Angie had hurt them this morning. Frodo again tried to return to his reading, but no good; this time the sound of an unfamiliar cart coming up the path beat Angie to disrupt him. He closed his book (now thankful for having a reason to) and stood up with a smile. The stranger was singing a familiar song, however, and at this, his heart lightened. He walked to the edge of the glade and stopped. Angie had seen him get up, and she followed curiously at the sound of the carriage and singing as well. She jumped out of the tree, abandoning her book, and she ran to Frodo, but he was in the cart heading up the path with this strange loner whose pipe was emitting colorful smoke rings. The wagon continued going, and Angie ran after it fast as she could through a short cut in the wood. Was he insane? She lost count of how many times she had asked herself that question, but 'yes' was the usual answer. Within a mile she had caught up with the strange cart and dived onto it. She fell into Frodo who helped her sit upright from her messy entrance. "You all right?" he laughed, helping her up. Angie felt a blush coming to her cheeks when she saw his irresistible smile upon her, and she sat herself straight without every leaving Frodo's eyes. "Ah, she looks fine," the man under the blue hat, said. "Gandalf!" Angie cried excitedly after looking passed Frodo for the first time. "Yes, yes! It's me!" the old wizard chuckled. "Haven't been here for quite sometime... so Frodo, how is the old rascal on his eleventy-first?" he asked, continuing a conversation Angie had obviously just interrupted. "You know Bilbo," Frodo laughed. "He's got the whole place in an uproar." "But of course! Isn't that just like him?" Angie asked. "What are you doing here anyways, Gandalf? Will you be staying for the party?" "He's brought his fireworks for the party tonight," Frodo explained. "Well, wonderful!" Angie said with a smile. "That's great!" "Yes, yes... Bilbo should like them," Gandalf said. "Half the Shire's been invited," said Frodo. "And the rest of them are turning up anyway!" The three of them laughed as they approached and saw Bag End coming around the bend. The entire grassy hill was a bustle of energy and excitement, but Frodo frowned a bit. "To tell you the truth, Bilbo's been a bit odd lately," he said in a concerned tone. "I mean, more than usual. He's taken to locking himself in his study. He spends hours and hours pouring over old maps when he thinks I'm not looking." "And whenever anybody comes over, he's very short with them," Angie said in a similar tone to Frodo's. "Just a hurried 'hello' when you come in and 'good day' when you leave." Frodo nodded in agreement before looking back up at Gandalf. "He's up to something." "Oh really?" Gandalf asked in a low voice. "All right then keep your secrets," Frodo laughed. "But I know you have something to do with it." "It would seem that way, wouldn't it?" Angie asked. "Gandalf, you're nothing but a bad influence," she smiled. Gandalf gave her a quick glance which Frodo caught sight of. "Well I agree with her wholeheartedly," he said. "Before you came along we Bagginses were very well thought of," Frodo said to Gandalf. "Is that so?" "Never had any adventures or did anything unexpected." "If you're referring to the incident with the dragon, I was barely involved. All I did was give your uncle... a little nudge out of the door." "Psh... nudge indeed," Angie muttered. "Well, whatever you did, you've been officially labeled a disturber of the peace," Frodo said. It was silent a few moments longer in which they heard shouts of children behind them yelling for Gandalf's fireworks. Angie and Frodo watched Gandalf as he ignored them, but they knew it was only a facade. Suddenly, fireworks began shooting out of the cart and the children behind them started cheering. "Well, I'll go tell the others of you're arrival," Angie said. "Others?" Gandalf asked, half afraid to. "Goodbye, Gandalf!" Angie laughed, standing up. "See you both tonight!" With that, Angie jumped from the cart and dashed off. Frodo watched her long red hair chase after her as it caught the sunlight, making it appear as a raging fire behind her. The last of her disappeared behind a few trees, but his eyes still didn't let her go. "She's grown so beautifully," Gandalf said, catching Frodo off guard. "Oh, yes... she has," he said awkwardly as he looked back at those last few trees she had run through. And now, Frodo decided he must kill Merry and Pippin, especially after muttering under his breath to himself, "Don't I know it..." Gandalf smiled at Frodo. "Boy may not be as blind as his old uncle after all..." he muttered. "What was that?" Frodo asked. "Oh, nothing for you to worry your little self over, Frodo Baggins," Gandalf said. "Now I believe we are near Bilbo's nice cozy home... Let's have that small yet long awaited talk, shall we?" . Please Review .