her sufficient protection blades and other objects for a certain number of blows. She also has many poison-tipped throwing daggers. Physical Description : very pale, he some say that it is caused by her affiliations with the dark magics. She has a very seductive demeanor and personality, and has been considered by many to be extremely beautiful to the point it is spell binding. Many feel this is a spell she has cast on herself to seduce people in submission. Bio : Valorizen has always liked the magics, and believe it is important to look at them as a whole and not just one aspect of them. She began discovering and practicing the secrets of the white magics and the ways of the Maiyar. Then, to the disapproval of both Elrond and Galadriel, she began studying and practicing the black arts. Her reasons for this were unknown and for a long time see struggled with the evil that filled them. However, one person was willing to help her, Nikolai and through that, she fell in love with him. Mastering the grey arts for her was tough but eventually she overcame and began living as a sorceress, offering spells and incantations for money. Name : Nikolai Darkhelm Race : Noldor Elf (Dark Elf) Age : 1,022 Height : 6' 1" Weight : 175 lbs Hair Color : Dark Brown Eye Color : Blue Class : Paladin and Rivendell Ranger Occupation : Royal Elven Guard Officer Place of Residence : Rivendell Armaments : Elven Long Bow, A Pair of Daggers he has attached to very thin Lothlorien rope, which he uses as a weapon. Custom made Elven Short Sword. Custom Elven Battle Armor: Black Iron Breastplate with Silver Rivendell Insignia on it. Physical Description : He's is considered very handsome. He has a lean athletic build and is muscular but not overly so. He gives new meaning to "the strong and silent type" Bio : Nikolai was born in Mirkwood, before the coming of the Necromancer. There he strived as a woodland elf, despite being darker and more Noldorian than the elves of his lands. Eventually the Mirkwood spiders, all children of Shelob, overcame Mirkwood, and the Necromancer made his bid for power. His father sent him and his mother away to Rivendell, but Nikolai opted to stay and fight to defend their settlement in Central Mirkwood. This fight was to no avail and his father died under the boots of the Nazgul. Years passed and Nikolai grew strong in magic and speed. His hatred of Sauron (the Necromancer) and the Nazgul grew every time he looked out to the east, seeing Mirkwood from the mountains. He vowed he would take part in the downfall of them all someday. He did indeed and became a hero in both the battle of Helms Deep and also the Battle on Palinor Fields outside of the White City of Gondor. Name : Talonar Race : Cross Breed: Half Elf, Half Man Age : 821 Class : Dark Knight (Black Mage and Warrior) Occupation : Mercenary & Bounty Hunter Place of Residence : None, Nomadic Armaments : Custom made curved Long Sword, Dual Steel War Hatchets, many knives. Black Mithril chain mail shirt he wears under his clothes. Black Leather vest on top of his clothes. Black leather vanguards and black steel greaves. Physical Description : He is a Vorn as well. His face has a couple scars on it, including one over his left eye but he still has sight in it, both his eyes are red because he is a half breed. His body is covered with scars and old wounds. His hair is long and braided. He is muscular and also is considered the strong silent type. Bio : Talonar is a child of a Noldor elf father and human mother. Being a cross breed automatically makes him an outcast, and being of the "Vorn Waith" makes him an even bigger one. The death of his first wife by a group of thieves planted hatred for mankind in his heart, and the death of his 2nd wife and daughter during the battle of Helm's Deep planted a hatred for orcs, Urak-Hai, and all evil in his heart. For reasons unknown, he joined Saurumon's forces and became a captain. No Orc or Urak-Hai under his command dared question his orders. However, he was defeated with the rest of Saurumon's forces in the battle on Palinor Fields. Wondering why the dead Army summoned by Aragorn did not kill Talonar, Gandalf spared him. So now he wanders Middle Earth, collecting bounties and hiring himself to small villages that get attacked by small bands of Orcs, Easterlings, and Urak-Hai. Name : Zarrican Race : Human, Easterling Age : 85 Class : Berserker Occupation : Professional Assassin & Bounty Hunter Place of Residence : None, nomadic Armaments : A humongous human and Urak-Hai made Great Sword, Hard Leather Fauld, Hard Leather Bracers and Hard Leather boots Physical Description : 6' 7" 310 lbs. Zarrican is the very essence of a barbarian warrior with power strength and skill. He has a tattoo of an Easterling on his back which is very visible since he doesn't wear a shirt and built up a natural resistance to weather and the elements. He also wears lots of war paint on his face and has many necklaces and trinkets. Bio : Zarrican is one of the Assassins Guild most dangerous members, it was once said that he defeated 100 men singled handedly with the skill and power of his humongous great sword he calls, simply; DEATH. Zarrican has met many a friend and foe in his battle and is not on any apparent side in the war but rather fights for what he believes is right, which gets him trouble with both the peoples of Middle Earth as well as his people, the Easterling. He met Talonar when Talonar joined the guild, the two immediately became friends and went on many adventures together.