last thing he really wanted was contact. They slept uneasily in uncomfortable silence. In the morning, they rose stiffly, Elrohir approaching the horse first to calm it. The steed made a rumbling noise and flattened his ears to his head, shying from his touch slightly. The raven-haired elf assumed that he had spent too much time around Legolas and picked up a little of his scent. He vaulted easily to its back, offering one hand to the blond to help him up. Legolas tried to mount behind him again, but found that he could no longer sit on the beast comfortably, his hips hinged incorrectly for proper riding. A bit hesitantly, he allowed Elrohir to pull him in front, turning him to ride sidesaddle. The horse turned its head immediately, attempting to bite Legolas' leg. They had to pull rather savagely on the reigns to dissuade the beast from hurting him. Annoyed at his own horse's behavior, Elrohir kicked him sharply in the flank to get him moving. Though tired and stiff from the hard running, carrying two passengers no less, he started a weary canter and holding the pace for a few minutes until his muscles loosened. Only then did he allow his passengers to force him into a gallop. Elrohir kept Legolas balanced with one arm around his waist, trying not to stare and make the blond even more uncomfortable. Legolas kept the hood of his cloak up and the Peredhil twin didn't have the heart to tell him that it enhanced the obviousness of the golden reflection in his eyes. It didn't even serve to hide the light fuzz that was creeping across his cheeks and down his neck or the lengthening of his jaw. The ride was uneventful for a few hours, even in conversation. Noticing that his voice was getting hoarse and that he had developed a lisp from his new jaws, Legolas refused to speak. The silence was broken only by his breathing. A small rasping wheeze in the morning turned into pained gasps by early afternoon. Elrohir sighed, refusing to accept a headshake or the phrase 'I'm fine' any longer. "What's wrong?" he asked, tone firm. If he answered in the same way he had been for the last few hours, Elrohir swore that he was going to kink his newly acquired tail. "I can't breathe," Legolas admitted. Elrohir resisted the urge to roll his eyes at the statement of the blatantly obvious, pulling the horse to a halt. The stallion stood with legs splayed, head drooping and chest heaving. Elrohir slipped his free arm into Legolas' shirt, apologizing softly when he jumped. He frowned at the sheer amount of fur his fingers encountered, but stayed on task, pressing his fingers against his abdomen. Feeling the flutter of the abdomen, he moved his fingers higher, running his palm curiously over the prominent sternum. "Your bone structure is changing," Elrohir pronounced, pressing his hand against the blonde's chest. "Your ribcage is becoming more triangular." There was nothing he could do for the Mirkwood prince and they both knew it. Smacking the horse's flank, he started them moving again, wishing he had access to a fresh mount. Even if the animal could keep up the pace, they were still at least three days from Imladris. With the speed Legolas was falling in to the strange illness, they would never reach Elrond in time. By the dejected way Legolas slumped against him, Elrohir knew that he suspected the same. He spurred the horse to go faster, ignoring the lather building up on his coat. They didn't stop until a few hours after nightfall when the horse collapsed under the strain, chest heaving. Elrohir grew very worried when Legolas jumped down, landing on all fours and walking a little ways from the horse before lying down. He made no move to keep his appearance hidden, not even to cover his long bushy tail with his cloak. He slid down to the earth, walking over to his friend's side and squatting down beside him, trying to get a look at him past the cloak. "Legolas?" he asked softly. Blue eyes looked at him from a wolf's face, glinting golden when they caught the moonlight. No trace of elfish intelligence remained in the gaze and Elrohir withdrew a little, understanding that the race against time was over. They hadn't made it. His suspicions were confirmed when Legolas swiveled his head to pull at the clothes he was still wearing with his teeth. Heaving a sigh, he started back to his horse to retrieve his sword, hating himself for what he knew he had to do. Legolas wasn't an elf anymore and the disease he carried was too dangerous to allow it to be released into Middle Earth. In five days, it had reduced an immortal to an animal. Two days incubation and three of painful, humiliating transformation that robbed the infected of both body and mind. The stallion reared when he neared, lashing out at him with his hooves with the last of his strength. Elrohir yanked his head down by the reigns angrily, snatching his sword from where it was hanging from the packs. He spun quickly when he heard rustling underbrush, glimpsing the tip of a golden tail as Legolas vanished into the darkness. So he's not as far gone as I thought, Elrohir mused darkly. He had planned to creep up on him and finish him off cleanly, but the short scuffle with the horse had alerted him to run before he could manage it. Sighing, Elrohir hobbled the horse and climbed a nearby tree to sleep in the branches for the night. He knew that he had no chance at all to actually find the blond wolf in the dark and didn't like the thought of sleeping on the ground if Legolas wasn't in his right mind. In the morning, he'd start for Imladris to recruit help in hunting down the renegade transformed elf. --------