life. As the two of them grow up, it is obvious that Ruby is Robin's favourite sibling. And as the two of them grow up, it is also obvious that Robin isn't growing right; she's too small and slower than other children of her age - it takes her longer to work things out; she gets frustrated more easily and is much more fidgety than the other children. She doesn't speak as much as she should either, and stumbles over forming fuller sentences. When she is six, a worried Sam takes her to the healer, who regretfully tells him that she is simple. She becomes the ridicule of Hobbiton's children, who tease Robin, who gets angry, and the parents of the children don't do much to stop it. They cluck and shake their heads at Mayor Gamgee's youngest lass, pitying her but also mildly repulsed by her otherness, but Sam refuses to be ashamed. He tells his children that just because their sister is different doesn't mean there's anything wrong with her, or with them for that matter, and he is relieved when they take the matter very seriously but open-mindedly. But it is Ruby who doesn't seem to view her sister in a different light, and when a curious, harmless village lad asks her about it - "But she's so 'elpless and different and all" - Ruby replies haughtily, "She's Robin and my sister, and that's what counts to me." Tolman It it Sam's youngest who is most like his biggest sister. He has a thirst for stories in the way his other brothers don't, and he likes to watch Sam write in the Red Book, on the rare occasion Mayor Gamgee has time to do so these days. He is quiet and shy of the other children in Hobbiton. As the elder of Sam's children grow up, they grow out of their appetite for their Da's stories. The fact that he's a hero is old news to them, but it never seems so to Tolman, who looks at his Da with a sense of wonderment whenever he is told one of the old tales. One day Sam overhears his son saying to Rosie, "Mum, did you know that Da saved his Mr Frodo and all of Middle-earth?" Rosie laughs and replies, "'Course I do, Tom-lad, else he never would've had the courage to ask for my hand, and then you wouldn't be here." The Brandybucks Esme and Éowyn Merry and Estella begin to worry they'll never have children. They've been trying hard but no babes are born. When Merry's youngest cousin births his first son, Faramir, Merry and Estella have more or less given up. So it comes as a surprise when, four months after Faramir's birth, Estella discovers she is with child. Perhaps to make up for years of wasted effort, they're given two babes instead of one, two little daughters who are born plump and healthy. Merry names the first one to be born Esme, after his late mother Esmeralda, and the second is Éowyn, after the Lady of Rohan he still admires somewhere within him. Although Éowyn is a healthy lass, she is smaller than her twin sister, and as the lasses grow this proves to be a good thing, for if not for size it would be impossible to tell them apart. Merry and Estella try to produce an heir to the title of Master of Buckland, but no more children are born or ever will be. Years later, Merry is asked by a distant Bolger cousin if he regrets never having had a young lad to keep the title of Master in his direct bloodline. The title, after all, must now go to a cousin. Merry replies, "What have I to regret when I've got them?" The Tooks Faramir Being the son of Peregrin Took might have something to do with it. Pippin always considered his identity as worst young rascal ever known to the Shire a source of pride, but Faramir is five years old when it appears he might rob his father of the title. He tramps around with his favourite wooden sword, which comes all the way from Dale, managing to cause the very worst sort of mischief while also defending his homeland from dragons and trolls and goblins. "Oh, Faramir, whatever am I to do with you?" are the words most commonly spoken by Diamond when the lad comes in the door after a hard day of playing, tracking in mud and leaves in his copper-coloured curls. He very much takes after his father in appearance. His partner in crime is Goldilocks, Sam's young lass. One day, while Pippin is visiting Sam in Hobbiton, he turns to his old friend and comments, "I don't know what we're going to do with those two. Diamond whacked me the other day because she told me my patience ought to be running thin and it doesn't." Sam bursts out laughing. "I think we ought to just let them be children," he says with hard-earned wisdom. "Let 'em fight off goblins and trolls afore they're too big to know better than to want to." Begonia She's born early, six weeks to be precise. When Diamond was expecting, she and Pippin had countless rows about what to name the baby. If it was a lad, Pippin wanted to call him Boromir, and Arwen if it was a lass, but Diamond said, "I let you call our first son Faramir, and now it's time for the next one to have a sensible hobbit-name." They never did decide on one, in the end. But after Diamond dies two hours after the birth, Pippin looks over at his tiny daughter and names her Begonia, as sensible a hobbit-name as any. She only lasts a few hours more than her mother, but long after the funeral and the worst of the mourning period passes, Pippin still considers her his daughter, whether he got to hold her or not.