before the deed was done. Legolas could not push Toril to make chase to reap vengeance, though in all likelyhood, the horse would have gladly done so until he ran himself into the ground. The moon rose and a silver-blue light bathed the vale. Legolas slid from Toril's back, his mind numb with hatred and grief as he looked on the slaughtering ground of twenty-one horses. --- "You were right, I should have killed the cowards when I had the chance." Benito watched while wringing his sweaty palms as Mateo slipped one round after another into the rings on his belt. His eyes were flinty and his movements deliberate. "Mateo," Benito grasped him by the shoulders, his thumbs pressing hard to make sure he had the other's attention. "You must be rational, as hard as it is." Mateo wrenched back, "I am being rational! This is justice and they shall get their just rights." "Think, Mateo! Those were lawmen, men with power behind them! Did you not see their attire? Who else here would wear such idiotic clothing?" "Their law is not mine if it justifies these atrocities. Is it not clearly stated that it is usually an offence to blow up a peaceful rancher's barn? Don't even mind about the animals then!" The fire flared brighter in his infuriated eyes, a growing, righteous anger that festered first in his heart. "Hiding behind the name of the law - all the while perverting the very thing called authority - will do them no good if they cannot wield a weapon." Twin colts slipped soundlessly into their place, nestled low and at easy access. Benito was left slightly lacking for words to follow up Mateo's brief, but heart conceived speech. "And besides," he continued lamely from his first excuse, "Maybe I, we, were wrong. There are plenty of fresh faced idiots in this dirt basin. Perhaps they had all won a collective gamble, bought themselves a new livery, drunk one to many drinks – prompting their idiotic behavior." Benito threw up his hands. "But that's besides the point." "What is your point?" "You have no sure evidence to conclude that they were even involved." "I need none." He opened his mouth to protest, but shut it upon further noting the flinty expression. His hands went back to working themselves nervously. This was doomed, he felt it! No matter how skilled Mateo was, good could not come of such a strike. That was saying a lot as he had witnessed first hand the lad's prowess with all manner of firearms, and it was not limited to firearms, oh no. Mateo was dangerous, candiedly put, not simply all brawn and speedy reflexes. Mateo was cunning, his mind worked constantly it seemed, even when no expression showed on his face. In the war, where they had met at gunpoint at the Battle of Bexar, Benito had been privy to the extent of Mateo's abilities. He later admitted freely to Mateo's face that that had been one of the most terrifying experiences of his life. Nothing had come to compare since then. No doubt was in his mind that Mateo could bring down each and every one of the perpetrators in a night. But he would be hounded for the rest of his life, never able to live for long in one place. Benito, however, didn't know that Mateo could not do so even now. The other contingency was still the unsure conclusion that Marshall Godard was involved by some means. Though it was the most probable theory, there was still that to consider. Mateo had a good heart, never one to kill without need. If he reaped vengeance on the innocent, he knew Mateo could never live with that blood forever staining his hands. It was as he tried to conceive a better way, that enlightenment struck Benito in the form of a simple notion, one passed down from generation to generation. "I have a very sound idea to which that I think you may want to hearken." --- A/N: First chapter, many notes may follow as explanation. Number one, I tried my hardest to avoid using the word 'man' in reference to Legolas. I was able to do so when speaking from his side of the fence, but when Benito for example is observing him, there were a few instances in which I could not keep from doing so. My apologies for that contingency. Secondly, and most importantly, I hope to make it clear that this is not a story in which I explain how and under what circumstances some elves remained to the beginning of this period of time. That has already been covered in works such as Scribe's "The Patient" and Victoria's "Unblinded" (Shameless plug, go read!). I'm hoping to give insight into what happened through the long years leading up to the times they so wonderfully expand on and record in their masterpieces. So this is a "When, and what happened" not a "How it happened" retelling. This is not to say that I am totally going at this without a notion as to how it might have happened logically. I'm falling on Dagor Dagorath for my excuses. Thirdly, I promise, with all my heart and will, to try and make this as believable as possible and plausable. In all it's ugly glory, this is most likely an AU, Valar help me, but I can't avoid it if I really am going to go ahead and write this monstrosity. Fourthly and lastly, since I have no self-control this time 'round and am posting this as I go with only a forethought beyond the readers, expect many of those cursed editing runs in which I go back and most likely mess up the earlier chapters. I'm terribly sorry about this. Those three, now wait, four, issues being stated, I hope I didn't leave anything to important out. I'm honestly looking forward to your thoughts with great zeal! Your humble writer, Bill