of the West shall come in the form of a love so strong, it can withstand even the power of the One Ring." Elrond nodded. "The wording is quite specific. When the shadow in the East is rising And the Deceiver reaches forth his hand Only love, sacred, pure and untouched Can hope to save the Western land One will walk the paths of shadow To Belfalas of the Great Sea The other to the very ends of Arda By the Nazgûl hunted shall be Against the One Ring shall they stand In defense of all that was ever free But should they waver from their course Doomed shall be the proud White Tree. Clearly, whoever the prophecy refers to, one of them in particular is in terrible danger. However, we are not certain of the subjects' identities. For that reason alone, I must ask one thing of you all. It is quite possible that you will meet one or both of the subjects of the prophecy during your quest: if you observe any hints as such, please, say nothing . We must do nothing to place the subjects in any greater danger." There were some odd looks at that, but all present nodded without comment. Legolas could feel his heart beating rather more quickly than usual. No, they were not certain as to the 'subjects'' identities... but they had a very good idea. If they hadn't strongly suspected, Elrond would not have been so calm about Aragorn and Arwen's ruse. Indeed, if not for the prophecy, there would be no ruse at all: Aragorn had told Legolas years ago that he would love nothing more than to admit to their relationship, if it wasn't for the strong possibility it might put Legolas's life in terrible peril. Elrond refused to explain exactly what, but something in the prophecy seemed to have convinced him that it spoke of Aragorn and Legolas. Hence the secrecy. That was also the reasoning behind this rather cryptic request: they needed to avoid awkward questions, in the event that someone in the Fellowship became suspicious. The lovers usually had a hard time keeping their hands off each other whenever they were in close proximity: a certain amount of that could be explained away as them being very close friends, but eventually someone was bound to sense the truth. As the Council members rose and filed away, Legolas saw Aragorn speaking to Frodo, and felt his heart quicken a little with the thought of the impending journey. The quest for the salvation of Middle-Earth was beginning. ~LotR~LotR~LotR~LotR~LotR~ Evening found Aragorn standing in a grove of gently whispering willows, gazing up at the stars. The Council that morning had been difficult indeed: so many minds, so easily swayed by the Ring's seduction. Elves and Dwarves within range to insult each other. The son of the Steward of Gondor, so brave but so foolish and reckless, urging use of the One Ring. "Your thoughts are heavy, Estel." Elrond had appeared soundlessly at Aragorn's side. Of all the elves, only Elrond, Legolas, and Elrohir and Elladan still occasionally called Aragorn by his childhood name. Aragorn smiled wearily. "No heavier than yours, Ada." Raised as Elrond's own son, in private Aragorn still called him father, much as Elrond still called him Estel. With his true family long dead, Aragorn could never put into words how grateful he was for Elrond taking him in. "Most likely a good deal lighter, in fact." Elrond smiled faintly. "True. You created quite a stir at the Council, my son - or rather, Prince Legolas created a stir on your behalf." Aragorn grimaced. "I noticed. I can hardly fault him, Ada: I'm just as protective of him as he is of me. More so, depending on how you look at it - I still have my more human tendencies. I might have taken my fists to Boromir if he insulted Legolas in such a manner." Elrond chuckled softly. "You shall have to curtail those impulses for a time, Aragorn. I believe that even Masters Took and Brandybuck would become suspicious if you defended Prince Legolas's honor so... vehemently." A lilting voice pierced the evening stillness. "I shall make sure that he behaves himself, Lord Elrond." Legolas glided out of the shadows like a golden wraith, his blue eyes sparkling as he slipped comfortably into Aragorn's arms. Aragorn looked down at his mischevious lover in amusement. "You, Legolas, are the sole reason that I would be in trouble. How precisely do you hope to prevent that?" Legolas's reply was lost to Elrond, since the blond elf had chosen to lean forward and whisper directly into Aragorn's ear. Whatever he said, it provoked a warm chuckle from the world-weary Ranger. Allowing himself a rare smile, Elrond shook his head. "I will leave you two now, Estel, Prince Legolas. Enjoy this last night of peace: I fear the dawn will come too swiftly for us all." He turned and made his way back toward the main palace. Legolas smiled. "Sound advice indeed, my love." he purred, trailing soft kisses along Aragorn's jaw. "We ought to retire for the evening: after all, we shall need a great deal of rest for the journey..." Aragorn grinned. "Now why do I get the feeling that you're not really planning on resting much at all?" Despite the soft shadows of evening, and the looming oppression of the One Ring, the glades of Rivendell still seemed to sparkle at the Mirkwood Prince's laughter. ... ... Cormamin lindua ele lle - my heart sings to see you A'maelamin - my beloved A.N.5: So, please review, let me know what you think! To use a seasonally appropriate simile: feedback is even better than Halloween candy. C'mon, people: feed the dragon, you know you want to... pretty please? (While you're at it, feel free to rate the patheticness of this plea on a scale of one to ten, one being mildly pitiable and ten being absolutely hopeless.)