heart and soul were pure, his whole life he had been doing nothing but good; defending his country, his friends, his people, sacrificing himself, always putting everyone else's need in front of his own. And now, when he made one mistake, one bad thing, one sin on his impeccable record it was as if the world was falling down. The elf's dreams were filled with his crime, it tortured him night and day, and he feared how it will torture him now when he had nothing on his mind to worry. Legolas knew he had to face it one day, when he faces his misdeed he will know how to repent and what to do. But he couldn't, he just couldn't face it yet. He felt tremendously guilty, he always loved and respected Haldir and in a moment of blind rage for love all was gone. In his sorrow he felt something twitching his sleeve, he turned in self defence. "Hey, Legolas, it is just me! Merry!" cheerfully said the hobbit. Legolas thanked the Valar. At last someone happy and honest, he was tired of speaking with people who were not ready for conversations, and he was also tired of being all by himself with his thoughts. That little hand pulled him out of his dark thoughts by his sleeve. "What is it Merry?" Legolas asked hopefully for he was more than happy to finally have a normal adult or not so adult conversation with someone. As the elf looked at him with his full concentration Merry hesitated "Well, Legolas, we've been friends for a while and you've got to know our culture as same as we have yours---" "What is it, Merry?" interrupted Legolas worryingly. "Well, and you know our flaws comparing to your people---"nervously continued the hobbit. "Please, get to the point, Merry; you are starting to worry me." Interrupted again Legolas but this time interested. He might not be the only one who did something to one of his friends, but still he was worried about the rest of the hobbits. "Well, you know us long enough to be aware of our tradition of having… a second lunc---"his stomach was the one that interrupted him this time. Legolas burst into laughter, part bitter part roaring, for he was not sure if he should be happy that this was not serious, or guilty because of his thoughts. Merry was just standing with his cheeks blushing not knowing how to read that. "May I know what caused your laughter so I could join, young prince?" Came Gandalf's friendly voice from behind them. "Merry finds the previous war exhausting so he needs to indemnify his supplies. Again." Smiled back young elf joking his way out of another one. "So that is the case. Come, young hobbit, we can---. " Legolas stopped listening, another thing drew his attention. Aragorn was standing in the distance, looking in his direction. Could he know? Gandalf watched as the beautiful young elf moved away from them. His lithe figure slowly slipped away, barely touching the ground, the old wizard watched it, he always admired the elves and their beauty. He knew they were the most wonderful beings ever and after all these ages he still loved to watch how miraculous they are, especially this young elf. "Who could not love him?" murmured Gandalf into his chin. "What was that Gandalf?" asked Merry and looked expectantly at the old Maiar, Gandalf looked back at the young hobbit and quickly regained his composure as he continued,"Yes, yes, we can go to fetch you and Pippin some food, come on now, quickly." He rushed away with beaming Merry closely following his step. Legolas still stood there, his gaze transfixed to Aragorn who had turned his head away a while ago, the elf couldn't stop watching how magnificent and proud king Elessar looked right at that moment. It was evident that he was still grieving but to Legolas who was blinded by love, Aragorn would look extraordinary beautiful with his face covered in orcs vomit. It is true that elves never really cared about outside beauty, it attracted them, of course, but as they all were already by themselves fair they looked to the other things first. But Aragorn was a man, and although he lived with elves never was one. The blonde figure whose hair was playing on the breeze was starting to be irresistible to him. The one elf who he didn't notice enough before, the one he felt so cruel about few moments earlier looked like one of the Valar as he laughed from his heart. But, the elf felt Aragorn's gaze on him and turned around. The man watched him a few moments and then turned his head away. Legolas started coming towards him then. "Came back from the land of dead?" noticed Legolas with a bitter smile hanging of his lips. "Yes, I am sorry, Legolas. I was rude." Said Aragorn while his eyes dropped from Legolas's face because he couldn't bear to look at him. "No need to be… I know what you've been through..." answered the prince with sympathy in his voice. "You do?" reacted Aragorn a bit louder than he should. "Yes, it was your people, and your friends among elves the orcs slaughtered." added Legolas. "Oh…" calmed Aragorn. "The people you love…" whispered Legolas trying not to give away anything. Aragorn stared at him several moments not sure how to react, he could give away himself without any need to. In the other hand, if he did Legolas might help him release his pain and forget Haldir. Legolas wasn't sure what he was doing. "I know…" he repeated the words he said little over a month ago to Haldir in halftone. ( - ) ( - ) ( - ) ( - ) Ada- dad Adar- father Fëa- spirit Well if you've come this far at least tell us what do you think! Reviews inspire the writer! Thanks for reading!