see he gave thought to his advice, he sensed that it did not fully register in his mind its importance for sure enough, his next thoughts betrayed him: Ulmo, my friend, my love, wouldst thou not stay-- --No, not tonight , he repeated; his words came out more harshly than he meant to. His eyes were still shut tight, knowing how his resolve would weaken upon seeing the hurt in his friend's eyes he caused for refusing his offer again, how much Manwë needed him tonight and his assurance in friendship as much as he needed his friend... knowing how his own eyes would mirror his. Thou art too dear for my possessing tonight. Yet when they opened again, they revealed nothing; the common stoic mask now etched on his face, and with a stiff bow, he quickly exited the room before Manwë could stop him. Manwë watched his retreating back, wondering again at his friend and half-contemplating that he should come after him. Something was not quite right that night, and it was probably due to someone in this room who had clearly upset the order of peace and currently boring two holes behind his back. Manwë moved until his wife was in his line of sight and matched her glare. "If it so pains thee, go to him," Varda spat out finally. "I wouldst, but he wouldst not," he answered bluntly. "And if he wishes thee to paint thy hair red..." "I wouldst take his counsel if it were wise, though I wouldst not think it so for red dost no credit to my eye color," he replied in cheek, but the twinkle that was playing his eyes died when he did not evoke a response from his lovely wife as he had intended. Sighing, he put up both his hands in mock surrender, and a small teasing pout appeared on that handsome face. "What hath I done to cause thee displeasure, my love?" What hast he done? Canst he not see! It was as if the whole crumbling dam had broken and she no longer had any control of the words that spewed forth from her mouth. The more she spoke, the louder her voice grew and her anger rose to leaping heights. "We canst not continue to ignore thy conduct. Thy blinding generous disposition wilt leave the fates of Middle-Earth in a precarious balance! We canst not allow this!" There was too much hatred in those words, and Manwë could feel it eating into her. For the life of him, he did not understand the cause of her unhappiness for he thought they were content and happy together. Was it not only yesterday that she had squealed in delight when he had gifted her with a jewel so precious? Was it only a dream yesterday when they whispered their love for each other after their post-coital bliss? "What hath I done to cause thee much displeasure?" he asked again. Never say that he had not tried. When Salmar first voiced his concern over his upcoming marriage, he had taken it seriously enough to talk it over with Varda. He had watched her carefully when he spoke to her about Melkor and Ulmo, about his love for his brother and his dearest friend, but she assured him that he had naught to worry and she would loved him forever... despite everything. And he trusted her, married her, then loved her. Like a doting husband, he showered her with many beautiful gifts of his works, spent many wonderful hours in her company, teasing, cuddling and loving when time allowed. She had filled a void that he never knew existed in his heart with her laughter and smiles, and he loved her even more. But of late those smiles grew hard and the laughter turned bitter, and he had no clue whatsoever to her change of temperament. He had tried to talk to her, and as always she had dismissed it either with a scathing remark, feigned ignorance or answered in riddles as she did now. Why? How? He feared that nothing would be enough, and soon she would leave him as her words hinted so many times, and each time he feared that her heart grew unbending to his pleas. It was that same fear that propelled him to his feet when she turned to depart, leaving his question unanswered. For reasons he could not understand, there was a terrible knowledge that this time she would never return. In desperation, he grabbed her arm, harder than he would like and swung her back so they met each other again, eye-to-eye, their faces mere inches from each other. "What more wouldst thou hath of me, Varda! I hath given thee everything!" "Everything and nothing." Her eyes were hard, cold and unyielding, and they bore into his soul. What had changed? Once she had been truly happy with him, but it felt so long time ago, she could hardly recall feeling it. "I have no need of thy pretty baubles, Husband Mine. Nor for all the powers thou yield. My heart is not ruled by greed." TBC -------------------------------------------------------- ACT II: The Prompting of Desire (Teaser) As much as the Dwarf wished to remain longer basked in the sensuousness of the position that he unexpectedly found himself in, it was hardly appropriate for the Elf to engage in childish pranks... Or a Dwarf in one of his morbid fantasy of a bound and ravished Elf. Ai, Elbereth, wouldst Thou be so cruel! He meant to yell again, to chastise the Elf of the apparent stupidity that only Elves would partake in such dangerous times, only to have the Elf pressed soft lips onto his and in that opportune moment, slipped a tongue in, delving deep into the warm cavern of his mouth. Leaning in closer to his ear, the Elf pitched his voice so the Dwarf may hear: "And now that you have had my tongue, dear Gimli, what say you?"