second that they would lead Gondor one day. For all his fears that morning, Faramir was happy for his brother. The feast carried on with course after course, wine after wine until at last, when the last sweet cake had been cleared, they were released. The festivities, the ball and the tournament were to happen on the morrow for the Prince and Lady Athenril had travelled a great distance and grew weary as the night dragged on. Boromir, leading her by the hand, showed the Lady where her chambers were as well as those of her uncle and her knights, should she have need of them. "And where," she asked as they stood before the door to her chambers, "will you be? Should I have need of you." Her lashes pressed against her cheek for a moment before she looked up to him. Boromir froze. He had never seen a sight so devastating as she was then, her face pale and clear in the moonlight with the stars full in her eyes. Her lips were stained red from the wine. He wondered if she tasted of it. Heat burned right from his toes to the tips of his fingers at the thought. He was no stranger to the lips of a woman but hers were so close, so teasing, as if he could read the unspoken words upon her lips and reading was not enough. He wanted to hear them, feel them against his own lips. Boromir pressed his lips to hers, felt her stiffen in shock, then quickly return the kiss with a grin. His hand slid to her waist, held her tighter still, his own lips pulling into a smile. Sweet wine was still on her tongue but he knew now that she tasted sweeter than any nectar. Her shock disappeared and she gripped the front of his tunic, unwilling to quite let go. His heart jumped when her slim fingers brushed the hem of his shirt, searching for the skin beneath. His stomach tightened and he pulled away with a brow raised. She pouted up at him, looking disappointed yet teasing as if she could never quite control that glint in her eye. Boromir stepped back and kissed her hand. "Good night, my lady." "Good night, my lord." She replied, her eyes downcast as she turned to the door. Unable to resist, Boromir pressed one last kiss to her lips and left to sleep with a grin on her face. "I suppose it's a bad thing you didn't bring her up here." Faramir said when he brother burst in. But the remark faded at the grin on his brother's face. "Why are you smiling? She's not here." Boromir rushed to his brother and mussed his hair up. "Brother, little brother, you have much to learn. There's joy to be had in the build up." He looked at the bed Faramir was sitting upon and shot him a filthy grin. Faramir sat up from the bed and looked down at it then remembered vividly all the things that had been done on it in the past. With a groan, he stood and wiped his legs off. Boromir liked to brag of his conquests and who made a better audience than his curious younger brother? Of course Faramir had long since moved from curiosity and now anything that involved his brother and a woman was met with an immediate shudder. "Sure," Faramir said slowly once he was sure he was clean of whatever lurked in Boromir's sheets. Boromir shed his jerkin, tossed it aside and kicked off his boots. Then paused, looking past his brother, and laughed a true, joyous laugh that left Faramir frowning. He fixed his brother with a serious look, leaning against the wall and crossing his arms. "Are you feeling well?" "I'm fantastic, brother! My bride is beautiful, the night is lovely." Boromir worked at the ties of his shirt, pulling the tunic over his head and adding it to the pile of clothes on the floor. He walked over to the window and simply breathed in the night air. "Don't you have a horse to brush or a book to read?" He suggested when he saw that Faramir was still in the room. Faramir rolled his eyes and shoved off from the wall, leaving his brother to whatever it was that had changed his night. It wasn't that Boromir was never happy, it was just curious given how the morning had played out. It made Faramir think that he would never truly know how his brother, or women it seemed, worked. He walked the familiar path to the library and settled there to take his brother's advice, even if it hadn't been meant as such. There was a stack of books on one of the desk. What had once started as only a few books that Faramir meant to read, it had steadily grown over the past year and for every book he read two more were added to the pile. Faramir lit a taper and set it upon the desk, settled deep into a chair and lifted the first tome from the top of the stack. Nerguin and the Lost Lands , a classic he'd been meaning to read again. Around him the Citadel prepared for sleep and the moon shone brightly in the sky, but within the library it was quiet and warm and Faramir knew he would have the night to himself to read. This is my first LotR fic. I finally watched the movies and am currently getting the books. I had this idea and couldn't get it out of my head, so now it's here. A huge thank you to Bridge for being my fact-checker, editor and motivation to actually get into Middle Earth. You're the best. This will be a short fic, probably under ten chapters and I will update as often as I can. Let me know what you think. It means the world to me. Dahlia