sister, we cannot spend all our days in Rivendale. Lets go to Hollin and hunt some werewolves!" Jade said to her sister one bright morning. "Who is going to hunt?" Glorfindel asked as he jumped down from the tree he had been sitting in above them. "You little sneak!" Talisha said in laughing surprise as she jumped up and poked her finger in his chest. "I did not ask you to sit beneath my tree." He said with a smirk. "For a dangerous elf-Lord you surely are a merry elf." Talisha said, shaking her head at him. "You are changing the subject, Lady Talisha. As I said before, who is going hunting? " - "More Crebine! Everyone Hide!" - "What is it?" Pippin asked as he held the hot roasted chicken-like bird on his plate. "It's a bird. I don't know quite how it will taste since this was the first time doing this but if you don't like it then don't bother. There are 700 more were it came from. We could feed an army like this! We aught to feed an army like this. Sister?" Jade looked at her sister for confirmation. "Quite so. Take what you will…tell us if it tastes good first and then we will go feed the peoples of middle earth! HA! What a laugh! Your father would not be so happy with us, Jade." Talisha said smiling as she stood holding the clear bag open so that the fellowship could get what finely roasted crebain from dunland and fangorn that they wanted. "What type of bird is this?" Legolas asked. "THIS IS DELICIOUS!" Pippin silently shrieked as he took another large bite. "What did you season it with?" Sam asked. "Just a bit of salt." Jade said with a smirk. "We'll catch some more tomorrow. There are plenty to be had." Talisha nodded curtly to her sister giving the signal that it was time to move. "We will see you soon. May the Valar be with you as you attempt the Redhorn Gate. We may not see you for another two or three days. Stay warm." Talisha said as her eagle companion landed beside her and she hopped on his back holding one edge of their gient bag of roasted bird. "I have a feeling I know what we are eating." Aragorn said to Gandalf as they sat with a bird in their hand as day light failed and the stars raised to their place. "But I also see the hobbits are so glad for a hot meal that it really doesn't matter." Gandalf sighed. "I wonder how the girls thought of roasting these evil bird-spawn. I would have thought they would have drowned them and left it at that. Truly I will never understand my own daughter." Aragorn chuckled in sympathy. The witches spent the next two days flying from village to village as they delivered birds to every house that would take them. Most did take them, some were too weary of strangers, some were in such desperate need that they took as many as they were offered. It truly was sad to see these houses in such desperate states. What they needed was abundant farms, not charity. - "SISTERS!" Talisha and Jade cried as Lorita and Mina rode out of the forest on dark stallions. They jumped down off their animals and hugged their sisters, all their familiars rapidly changing shapes as they greeted one another. A bear trod behind them its head ducked as if shy. "Sweet Eru! There are more of them!" Gimli grumbled, leaning against a rock as he warm his feet by the fire. "Talisha Aubrey, daughter of Gandalf the White, I would like to present Sigrun Nita, daughter of Radagast the Brown." To the shock of all watching, except those of magical instruction, the big brown bear transformed into a very dark, very tall brunette who was smiling shyly at the witches in front of her. "It's a pleasure, Sigrun Nita." Talisha said, embracing her newest sister. "I am the leader of this rabble and we're very glad to have you on our side, daughter of one of the five. This to my right is Morgan Jade, daughter of Saruman the traitor, she is my second in command and most beloved friend." Sigrun Nita's eyes widened in shock a bit but she shook her head as if she understood very well. "I am honored to meet you both and to be under your command Talisha Aubrey, leader of the daughters of the Istari. I will fight with you for the freedom of Middle Earth, a place very dear to my heart." Talisha smiled. "You fight as a bear? I see you have no familiar." "I am my familiar. I was in a litter of eight, seven were little cubs and I was a little girl. I am both my mother and my father, half Istari, half bear. Thank you so much for allowing me to join you in this fight for freedom against the Dark Lord." "Truly I do not believe you will be thanking us during the battles." Jade said as she put her arm around Sigrun Nita and lead her to the fire. "Can you sing, Sigrun Nita?" Sigrun smiled fully for the first time. "Your sisters and I sang many times on the way here. They taught me many of your songs, Talisha." Talisha smiled briefly at her as she sat on a rock beside the uncomfortable Gimli. "Cheer up Gimli! At least this one doesn't have a pesky squirrel as a familiar to rummage through your things. Just a bear to wake you up in the morning with a lot of slobber!" Talisha said smacking him on the back as she winked at Sigrun Nita. Legolas, Aragorn and Gandalf chuckled as Gimli tried to find an appropriate response. Unfortunely none were to be found. "Lassie, you will be the death of me." He grumbled, making his friends laugh all the harder.