seemingly ancient forest, and how she was going to get back. Not that she was at all sure she WANTED to go back. "Ca-na-da?" asked Legolas, sounding the word out. He looked completely lost. "Yup," she replied. "'Yup'? What sort of word is that?" he asked with a smirk. "Sorry. It's slang for 'yes'. I'll try and refrain from using slang while I'm in your presence. Ah…do you mind if I ask a few questions?" she asked. "Of course, go ahead." "Alright. First of all, what in the seven hells were those nasty-smelling things that shot me?" she asked, a hint of anger evident in her voice. "And why did they attack me? I wasn't doing anything wrong!" "Those were orcs, and they attacked you because you are an elf. They are not very fond of us, and--" "WHOA! Hold on just one minute," she cried, cutting him off. "What do you mean I'm an elf? No I'm not! Elves don't exist…well…obviously they do…but not in Canada they don't! Or if they did, then they don't any more!" She looked rather confused and flustered. "But your ears are pointed," he replied. "So I'm deformed! Everyone has imperfections!" she retorted fretfully. "How old are you?" asked Legolas. He was finding her reaction rather amusing. Apparently so was Saelbeth, for he was watching with a grin on his face. But that fellow always seemed to be smiling about something. "Ah…I'm not sure…" she replied, looking away. "How can you not be sure?" "Well, y'see, a while back, I lost my memory…then a woman named Rita found me and took me in. She said I looked about 17 at the time…that was…let me think…about 50 years ago…so that would make me…about 67," she said thoughtfully. "Sheesh, time sure flies…" Legolas stared at her in disbelief. "And how much have you changed since you can remember?" he asked. "Not a lot…I think I may have gotten a little taller, but…why don't I change? Shawn is 55, and his hair is turning grey…and he has wrinkles around his eyes…" she seemed to be talking to herself again. "Why don't I grow old and die like everyone else? Come to think of it, why didn't Shawn and Lisa ever mention anything about it? Surely they noticed that I wasn't aging…as if I weren't unsure enough about my past…" she gazed into the fire, deep in thought. Legolas watched her for a time. She seemed so lost, so alone, but he didn't know what to say to comfort her. He wasn't at all sure there WAS anything he could say. He somehow felt responsible. She didn't seem to be able to believe that she was an elf. Either that or she just didn't want to. He sat in silence for a while himself, trying to decide the best thing to do. He and his companions were on their way to Rivendell to seek the council of Lord Elrond, so he could not do a thing for the poor woman until after his business in Rivendell was done. Then it hit him. Elrond would likely know how to help her, or at least have some idea of where her answers might lie. "Milady?" asked Legolas, trying to get her attention. She didn't answer. Saelbeth crouched in front of her and waved a hand in front of her face. " Re loralya, " he said with a smirk (She's asleep). Legolas chuckled as Saelbeth snapped his fingers and the girl jumped in surprise. "Wha? Huh? I'm awake, I'm awake! Sheesh, I'd swear I was takin' a nap just now…" she murmured, shaking her head. "You were. But uuma dela, that happens to all of us on occasion. The flames can be rather hypnotic at times," said Saelbeth with a smile (don't worry). "Thanks for the wake-up call…that's never happened before," she replied, a sheepish grin on her face. " Seasamin." With that he walked back over to Silinde and Galdor (My pleasure). "Milady?" said Legolas again, now that she was awake. "Yeah?" "Ah…well…do you have anywhere to go?" he asked, unsure of how to go about telling her of Rivendell. She reminded him of a wild horse. If he did not move slowly and deliberately, she would bolt, and he might not get her back. For some reason he did not want her out of his life yet. She intrigued him. "I guess not. I don't know how I got here in the first place, so until I figure that out, I can't go back," she replied. She didn't seem terribly concerned about it. Perhaps her life in 'Canada' as she had called it, was not very pleasant. "Why do you ask?" "Well, you see, we are headed to Rivendell, an elvish city. The Lord there is very wise, he may be able to help you. You are welcome to travel with us, if that is your desire." She furrowed her brow in thought for a moment, then replied, "Well, I can't really stay out here alone without weapons, and I don't know this forest at all…so I suppose I will go with you, as long as it isn't a problem." "Not at all," he said with a smile. "Do you know how to ride?" She laughed good-naturedly and replied, "I spent the last 20 years on a farm. I definitely know how to ride." The next morning, Saelbeth lent her a tunic, and they were on their way to Rivendell. A/N: Well, that's the first chapter. Isn't it nice and long? Sorry if it's a bit wordy, I figured I'd get as much painful character information out of the way as I could in the first chapter so that I could have fun with the conflict, angst, humor, and best of all, HACK N' SLASH ACTION! Mwahahahaha! So, anyway, don't forget to read and review. Oh, BTW, as can be seen, the title REALLY sucks, so if you have any suggestions for a better one, then e-mail me: