as the perfect character—she is usually physically attractive and adored by all the main canon characters (in both platonic and romantic senses). Some authors are able to write wonderful stories using such characters, but more often than not, the clichés of the character manage to make their way into the plot and the story as whole becomes…well, unbelievable." "A cliché?" questioned Jane, somewhat taken aback. "I thought that there was some original stuff in there…" Roger chuckled good-naturedly. "A common mistake in most new authors—we did find some original traits, but they were often overshadowed by elements of cliché," he explained. "Oh," said Jane, feeling somewhat hurt—she had worked hard, after all. "However, we will discuss this more in a moment," continued Roger. "The final section is the Plot. Your score in this section is based on the plot's originality, creativity, and overall believability. Your score on this section was a three." "Three?" repeated Jane, somewhat dismayed. "Out of what? Ten?" "Fifty," clarified Roger. " Fifty !" "Yes. Now, I know you must be a little upset," said Roger, patting Jane on the hands. "Well, of course I am!" sputtered Jane. "First you take me to this…place and scare me out of my mind. Then you tell me that my story has absolutely no creative merit whatsoever! I think I have every right to be upset!" "Now, Jane, calm down and I will explain everything," soothed Roger, removing a small box from his desk. "Truffle?" he asked, extending the box toward Jane. "No, thank you," she muttered darkly. "Suit yourself," said Roger, popping two into his mouth. "Now," he said through a mouth full of chocolate and nougat, "your score on the Plot section is not reflective of your skill as a writer. The panel feels that you have a great potential." "Gee, thanks," she replied sarcastically. "Your score," continued Roger, ignoring or not catching her sarcasm, "is reflective of two factors, the first being your character. Poor plot is often a side effect the presence of a Mary Sue." He paused to dab the corners of his mouth with a white handkerchief. "The second factor is that, by our count, you are the millionth person to write this story." Jane paused for a second. "What do you mean?" she asked. "I mean," said Roger, "that you are the one millionth person to use this plot, this setting, and this character. Granted, there are some minor differences between your story and the nine hundred thousand, nine hundred and ninety nine others, but the general idea is all the same. So it's technically not your fault." "Then why am I here?" demanded Jane. "The panel feels that the phenomena of similar characters, plotlines, etcetera, has become a problem for the fan fiction world at large," explained Roger. "We decided that the millionth person to use the Elrond's-adoptive-rebellious-but-sweet-and-attractive-elf-daughter-with-the-voice-of-an-angel plotline would be brought here and charged with a task." " What ?" exclaimed Jane indignantly. "It's in the Rules," stated Roger. "The Cliché Clause, page two thousand and twelve, section 758#GR, paragraph two: it is the will of the panel that the millionth person to use—" "All right! It's in the rules!" snapped Jane, feeling more irritated by the minute. "But I don't see why ." "It is our mission," explained Roger, "to better the world of fan fiction. The rampant use of clichés has caused the panel as well as the readers of fan fiction great distress. Our intent for this task is to achieve greater quality of fan fiction through character and plot development." "That's all very well and good," said Jane, "but I don't know how you'll get that done." "That's where you come in," replied Roger. "Your task, Jane, is to develop your character and your plotline." There was a pause. "So…I just have to write a better character?" asked Jane. "Oh heavens no!" exclaimed Roger with a hearty chuckle. "That would be too easy. No, you must go into your fan fiction with your character and develop her from there ." " What ?" exclaimed Jane for the second time that evening. "That's impossible! You can't just enter fan fiction!" "Anything is possible, Jane," said Roger with a wink. "How am I supposed to do this? I can't just disappear —my family and friends will be worried sick, I've got a job, I've got rent to pay…" "That has been taken care of," said Roger, waving his hand dismissively. "Your family and friends all think that you're on an extended vacation in Bermuda. The panel will take care of your rent. You will also be outfitted with the proper clothing and other such essentials." "But…but…" protested Jane. "There are two rules," interrupted Roger. "The first is this: only your character may know who you are, but she may not know your purpose. Secondly, try not to meddle with the plot too much. Some things can be changed (after all, it is fan fiction), but readership dwindles if you start changing things too drastically. I once read a story where the author gave Frodo the ability to change into a telepathic golden retriever and he had to destroy the Biscuit of Power and the Magic Toast of Kettleland. Dreadful story—and it wasn't even a parody!" "I never agreed to any of this!" exclaimed Jane. "Jane, this is something that is out of your hands. You have no choice in this matter," stated Roger. "Now, you're due to arrive in Middle-earth in," he looked at his watch, "thirty seconds. Your character, Aria, is expecting you. You're scheduled you to arrive a day or so before the Council of Elrond. Remember your rules and your mission. Good luck!" "But I don't even know how to—" "When in doubt, develop!" advised Roger. "But—" And for the second time that day, Jane Baker disappeared into a cloud of blue smoke. A/N: Just to clarify—I have nothing against Mary Sues. I just get strange ideas fairly frequently. Anyhow—review and tell me what you think!