back, feeling the monstrous thing brush against my shield. I ran left, aiming a cut at its wrist, but for all its size, it was surprisingly fast. Again and again I circled, trying desperately to find an opening, but the length of its reach was far greater than mine. The weight of my mail, plate, and shield was beginning to get to me. I knew I would be unable to continue the dance much longer...and then it happened. My glance lingered just an instant too long at the foul beast's ankle, as I was looking for my shot, and the blow caught square on the Avornamath. My sword was flung from my hand, and I was thrown backward twenty feet, landing broken in the wet leaves. They smelled oddly soothing, in a way that seemed out of place amidst all this evil and death. The blow had reverberated so hard through shield, glove, and mail that the bones in my forearm were shattered into countless pieces. I felt them moving uncomfortably under my skin, against the quilt and mail, and thought I would surely be sick. The beast...the monstrous thing just laughed. A terrible, cold, disgustingly hearty laugh." Frodo felt a chill, then, as the elf did his best imitation of the troll's laughter. "He certainly has a way of telling stories," he thought. His companions all looked the same as Glennodad had felt: like they were going to be sick. "The beast looked at me, a crooked grin spreading across its ugly, rock-like face. 'Now you're down, I'm gonna go rip off one o' your mate's arms, while you watch. Then I'll come back here, rip off one o' yours—that shield-arm must be nice and meaty—and I'll have 'em both! A nice little taste test, before I eat the rest o' ya.' He walked the fifty yards back towards Alaion with a triumphant plod. I struggled. I writhed. I cursed. After a moment I could stand, pushing off with my right arm, but I knew I would not find my sword in time. If the troll reached Alaion again, a blow like the one I'd taken, in my mail and with my shield, would crush him, in his leathers, crush him harder than I cared to imagine. My shield arm was useless, the fingers still grasping the grip, but no strength remaining behind them to block. I jammed my broken forearm fully through the grip so it was wedged in place, wincing at the pain. I had only one chance, the foolish idea of one staring death in the face, but I had to take it. With all the force I could muster, I shouted, 'You haven't finished me yet, beast! That was only a glancing blow!' The troll turned to look and snorted in anger and disbelief. I gripped my left forearm with my right hand and stood with my shield covering most of my body, so it looked as though I could still be holding my sword behind me. It roared once more. 'I put you down, now you stay down!' It threw down its club in furious pride and charged at full speed, arms outstretched to throttle me. I waited, and waited, and time slowed again. I grabbed the grip of my shield with my right hand. I saw every footfall, every breath in its body, as it came closer and closer. This was the instant. it was now or never. As the beast came near, when I was just out of reach, I fell, rolling onto my back. It lunged for my head, and with all my remaining strength, I jammed the point of my shield directly into its soft throat. Its roar turned into a hacking cough, and black blood spattered across my face. Life fled the creature's body, and I struggled to free my left arm from the Avornamath, just in time to roll to the side before it crashed to the ground. I paused, taking the shortest moment I dared to breathe, before I shoved myself to my feet once more and shuffled to where Alaion lay, afraid of what I'd find." Glennodad turned to smile brightly at his friend, then, and he smiled back. "As you can see, he was alive. Bloodied, broken, but alive. I fell to my knees next to him and lay my hand against his cheek. 'Alaion, my friend,' I murmured, 'are you there?' He coughed, and...what was it you said to me then, old friend?" "I believe I said, 'They shall have to call you Avornamath the Trollslayer now, brother.' And you replied..." "'They'll have to call us all Trollslayer, my friend. I only killed one. You and your archers, you brought down two.'" They laughed. "We laughed then, too," Glennodad went on. "I took an acorn cap from the ground nearby and whistled until one of the others came. Our hidden brothers had been struck by rocks that the last beast had thrown, when he was out hiding, but were otherwise unharmed. One did what he could to tend our wounds, while the others gathered the horses. In time we rode back to Imladris, with a tale to tell and shattered bodies for proof." "And what did Lord Elrond say of this tale, once you were mended?" Pippin asked. "That no matter what darkness should crawl through the caverns from the North, Imladris would remain ever safe, young hobbits, so long as the presence of the elves graces it." Frodo turned to see that Elrond himself had joined the small crowd. "Yes, and that we should start sending patrols four times a year instead of two!" Alaion cried, and the small crowd laughed. Even Lord Elrond managed a slight smile. Frodo spent the rest of the day sitting there with his friends, in the ever-autumn beauty of Rivendell, listening to Alaion and Glennodad's tales of battles past and beauties wed. He never once realized that he'd succeeded in forgetting the small token in his pocket.