once more. The tears left dirty smudges down her face for, she had not bathed in a few days. "You know not of what you speak, old man! I am no whore! And my family is very much alive!" Aragorn was surprised at the tone she used. It just seemed to flow from her like liquid fire and if anyone got to close, they would become terribly burned. "Gandalf does not hesitate to sacrifice those who are closest to him... Those he professes to love! Tell me, what words of comfort did you give the Halfling before you sent him to his doom? The path that you have set him on can only lead to death!" Saruman said and Gimli prodded Legolas in the back. "I've heard enough! Shoot him! Stick an arrow in his gob!" The dwarf demanded and the blonde female to his left nodded. "I agree, kill him..." She prodded the elf without even looking at him. To her pleasure, the elf reached into his quiver and drew out an arrow but was stopped by Gandalf. "No! Come down Saruman and your life shall be spared!" Gandalf called up to his old friend. Quwen watched in horror as Saruman turned down Gandalf's offer and shot a fireball at him. However, Gandalf was unaffected and instead, Saruman's staff broke. Behind Saruman, another man suddenly approached and joined the wizard on the roof. "Grima! You need not follow him! You were not always as you are now. You were once a man of Rohan. Come down!" Théoden called up to the sickly looking man. Without warning, Grima stabbed the wizard in the back but before he could climb down, Legolas had impaled an arrow in his chest. Everyone watched as the wizard tumbled downward until he was impaled on the great wheel below the tower. Quwen didn't turn her head away in disgust, instead she was rather glad that the fowl mouthed wizard was dead. Serves him right. "Send word to all our allies and to every corner of Middle Earth that still stands free! The enemy moves against us. We need to know where he will strike!" Gandalf declared. However, the wheel began to creak and Saurman's body slipped under water. The shinning black orb from before slipped from his cream robes into the water. Quwen's companion seemed to have seen the object and he dismounted. He dropped down into the water and began making his way over to it. "Pippin!" She called after him but watched with curiousity. He picked up the onyx stone and turned it over a few times in his hands. It was completely smooth and inside something stirred in it like it was a living thing. "Peregrin Took! I'll take that my lad! Quickly now!" Gandalf held out his hand and he snatched the orb away from Pippin and tucked it deep into his stark white robes. "Come along now, Pippin..." Quwen rode up beside him and he looked lost for a moment. "Pippin?" She nudged him with her stirrup and he came out of his daze. Offering him a hand down, he grasped her forearm around her vambrace before she brought him up behind her. The group began to make their way back to the forest but out of the corner of her eye, Quwen watched as Aragorn approached her. Brego matched her horse's pace and they rode together in silence for a moment. Aragorn could tell that something was deeply troubling the fair maiden. Her eyes were focused on the fine hairs of her horse's mane and her shoulders dropped in defeat. " Quwen, what troubles you ?" He asked her quietly and in elvish so the others wouldn't understand what they were conversing about. Her hazel eyes rose for a minute before focusing on the ever approaching forest. " Nothing, my friend ..." She tried but he only persisted. " Saruman's words are not true ..." " Yet their bite still stings !" She hissed back, diverting her eyes away from him. Pippin was thoroughly confused behind her but persisted on listening to the wonderful elvish words, even if they were grim. " I only fear that his words may be true ..." She replied back much more weakly this time. Reaching over, Aragorn placed his hand around her, making her hazel pools meet the blue stones that were his eyes. " We will find your family ..." His thumb gently stroked the back of her hand, causing her to relax some. " One can only hope, Aragorn ..." She replied before turning her hazel eyes away from him once more. She wished to be in solitude for the time being and the Ranger would grant her that one small wish for the time being. I'm back people! I feel like I haven't even thought about this story in forever! But, I watched the movie this weekend with the fam and I forced myself to sit down and write this! I cranked out eighty percent of this chapter in one day! I am the champion. I have to do this every time I write a new story but I don't own Lord of the Rings. I wish I owned Aragorn thought. Just like I wish I owned Thor, Peter Pevensie, Cato, Sam Witwicky, Will Turner, etc. I think my wish would come true. Oh, and David Tennant as well. Yes, then my dreams would come true. Anyway, this story is going to take a long longer to write, considering it is basketball season and I'm also writing a couple other stories in the process. My Avengers fic is on hold momentarily because I have to tie in all of the other movies and they have yet to come out. I did just write a cute holiday Avengers fic though that you should check out if you haven't already. It's at the end of Thunderstruck in case you were wondering. I'm rambling. Sorry. Love you guys and review please! Love, Blue