they're saying hello." Durgon stood stiffly in the entrance to the healing quarters, watching helplessly as both the Master Healer of Edoras and Milos, the head healer of the elven troop worked over Fréa. Even though he knew both of them were capable of handling the situation, Durgon found himself unable to breath. Perhaps it was the combined effect of the site that was before him. In front of him, in various stages of injury, laid the three youths he cared for more than any others in this world. Pained blue eyes traveled from Fréa's flushed face to the peaceful yet pale one of Haldir to the exhausted face of his son. Éothed stared at his sister from his seat, worry etching years onto his face. As if feeling his eyes Éothed looked up and Durgon felt his heart contract even more at the look in his son eyes. His feet carried himself to Éothed's side with a life of their own, and Durgon was ever aware that Haldir's siblings – sitting ever diligently by their brother's side – were watching. How long had he expected to hide this secret? It was a question that Durgon could not answer. Yet as he stared down into his son's eyes a moment of clarity took him and he knew that he had already hid it for too long. And in the process had lost his right to be a part of his only son's life. Durgon felt his face contract in pain as the thoughts of what he had missed passed through his mind. Éothed stared up at him, his hand gripping his shoulder tighter and Durgon was aware of the confusion and resentment in his eyes. He fought for words to say – for an apology of some sorts - but found that none would come to him. There was a sound from behind them, a pitiful moan from Fréa as the healer's poured balm after balm on the gash in her side. Milos spoke quietly to her in elven, his words encouraging and keeping her from drifting to the next realm. He moved to hold her down as his Edoras counterpart began to stitch the wound together. Fréa convulsed and cried out, her eyes opening for a moment before rolling backwards as she fainted. A small choking sound brought Durgon's attention back to Éothed and he was pained to see his son was fighting back tears. Instinctively Durgon reached out and pulled his head against the front of his tunic, his hand stroking the blonde hair comfortingly. Éothed stiffened under his grip and for a moment Durgon was possessed with the fear of rejection. But the man did not push him away; instead Éothed slumped a bit and raised a shaky hand to grip the back of his tunic. It was a moment of weakness for the rider of Rohan. Durgon closed his eyes and allowed himself the pleasure of holding his son – he knew it would not be a moment he would most likely ever get again. It was a moment he did not deserve to have and it was gone all to quickly. Éothed stiffened under his arms again and his hand released his tunic. With a muffled sigh Durgon stepped back to find discourse facing him once again in his son's eyes. A throat was cleared behind them and Durgon turned to find Éomer, Prince of Rohan, standing in the doorway. As quick as he could manage Éothed was on his feet and made his way over. Éomer gripped his friend strongly. "How does she fare my friend?" Éomer murmured as he turned to face to Fréa. As they spoke softly together Durgon was aware of a deep friendship between them, a bond that almost visible in its strength. "She will live." Milos answered for Éothed as he leaned backwards. "The wound is bad for a man, but her blood shall do a decent job." Milos wiped his hands off on his apron. "Master Healer, forgive me, I have others to tend to." The Master Healer nodded and ran a gentle hand over Fréa's forehead. Glancing up at Durgon the old man sighed. "I always seem to lose my apprentices." He shook his head as he washed his hands in a nearby bucket. "I take it she shall go with you to Lothlorien?" Durgon nodded mutely. "Old man, what are you babbling about?" Éothed demanded. "My sister will go no where." "He is unaware?" The scorn in the healer's voice was unhidden. Durgon opened his mouth but the healer shook his head. "I will not be the one to manage such delicate affairs. I too have others that demand to be seen. Handle this yourself Master Elf." "What is he speaking of father?" Durgon winced at how the word sounded through his son's malice. "What have you done to her?" "I offered her the choice that is your right by birth. By the mixed blood that flows through your veins. The choice to remain a man or live as one of the First born. Your sister has made her choice." "You turned my sister into an elf?" Durgon felt anger rise in his breast at the level of disdain in his son's voice. "Considering half of your blood is mine perhaps you should not hold us in such disagreement." The tone of his voice caught the man off guard. Seeing the stumble Durgon attacked again. "Would you rather she be dead? By choosing this path she will live. You may shun me Éothed but you can not run from who you are." »I hate you.« Without another word he stormed form the room, the Rohrric Prince chasing after him. Durgon found his strength leaving him suddenly and he fell into the seat his son has left, pressing his hands against his eyes. No one was at fault for this but himself. That was what tortured him the most. Hope you like! (Removed Link cause it's broken).