on the elf, seconds away from taking his life, a knife whistled through the air and buried itself into the back of an orc, killing it instantly. The two orcs left standing froze and whirled in surprise. What they saw made them sneer and what Legolas saw made his heart sink. There stood little Estel, his small figure tense, his breathing rapid. In his left hand was a knife. Despite the fact that he was impressed with the boy's knife throwing skills, Legolas knew that they were both in extreme danger. Two orcs against a wounded elf and a seven year old human was hardly a fair match and Legolas wished that for once, life would be fair, but it wasn't, nothing was fair and that was just the way things were. Black spots swam in front of his eyes and he felt his breathing grow shallow through his sudden dizziness. He was losing too much blood… The orcs were laughing and jeering at Estel now and despite the roar of adrenaline coursing through the boy's body, it still stung. Estel glanced at Legolas, lying feebly on the ground, crimson blood gushing from his side. The orcs were stalking forward now, their beady black eyes glaring cruelly. Estel's body tensed and he switched the knife to his right hand and took a step back. The orcs laughed at what they thought was fear and inexperience but some things, as we all know, are not as they seem. Estel was leading them safely away from Legolas, hoping to preserve the wounded. He recalled walking with Glorfindel on a warm summer day outside in the woods as dragon flies zoomed overhead and the path they were walking on was sporadically splashed with sunlight from above… Glorfindel had told him to always take the fight where the wounded were not and where one could press their advantage, which was exactly what Estel intended to do. His mind racing, Estel racked his brains for any idea or strategy that would help but before he could grip an idea firmly in his mind, something unexpected happened. There was a whistle, a sickening crunch and then a scream of pain as the orc furthest from Estel collapsed to the ground and lay their unmoving. Estel elongated his startled gaze past the body to where Legolas was crouched, rigid and gasping in pain. The last remaining orc screamed in rage and ran towards Legolas who was now no longer coherent from the expense of blood he had sacrificed to throw the abandoned scimitar at the orc in order to help Estel. And Estel saw in slow motion what was about to come. He saw the orc reach the elf now curled on the ground in agony and raise the scimitar in its hand and with a might swing; finish what he and his kin had started… "NO!" The boy screamed and launched himself towards his enemy and his friend. It seemed as though he was moving through deep water, his feet felt so heavy, his muscles refused to respond… But suddenly he was there adjacent to the orc and plunging his small dagger into the orc's leg. A shrill scream rose in its throat and the scimitar that would have come crashing down on Legolas's neck was wrenched across the elf's shoulder instead as the orc recoiled away from Estel in pain. "Legolas!" Estel cried as he saw the blood splatter from Legolas's new wound. Legolas made a choked, retching sound and his eyes widened as Estel felt his face snap to the side as something heavy and sharp collided with it and he tumbled hard to the ground, stunned. The orc roared in fury as it dragged the small dagger out from deep within his thigh and shook his hand, the force of his backhand across the child's face even stinging him a little. Everything was ruined now; all of their hopes and plans, gone. He would kill the child and the elf with his bare hands now. They deserved a slow and painful death and that was just what he would deliver. Having finally wrenched the knife out from his leg, the orc dropped it and as it clattered to the ground, he didn't even hear the noise. His vision was flickering red, black blood was seeping out of the knife wound and his soul was an indescribable shade of darkness. The small boy's silver eyes widened as he realized that his death was about to come. He squirmed and fought but made no other move to defend himself as the orcs' hands clamped around his small neck. The boy gasped and sputtered like a beached fish, the light in his eyes beginning to fade. The orc tightened his grip, grinning in pleasure. In a few minutes it would all be over… In Estel's eyes he saw nearly the same as the orc did, only from a different position. He couldn't breathe, couldn't think. The corners of his vision were becoming fuzzy. The leering smile over the orc's jagged, yellow teeth was widening… He was losing. There was only one thing that he could possibly do now. And as the orc leaned forward more, about to savor and taste the look of death on his face, Estel pointed his toe, tucked his knee in and then kicked out as hard as he could against the orc's groin. It screamed in surprise and pain, allowing Estel to wiggle out from underneath its slackening fingers. Estel scrambled away, kicking up leaves and dirt, racing towards the knife that lay abandoned on the ground. The orc was quick to recover and as Estel's hand closed on the bloody dagger, its weight slammed into Estel and everything went black… A/N: So what did my fantabulous readers think? It's the first time Estel is already showing glimpes of the person he was born to become. Legolas and Aragorn are my favorite characters. Review and tell me what you thought?? )