get to his sister, "Eowyn!" He fell to his knees and pulled her into his arms. Eowyn's resolve crumbled and she buried her face in his chest and cried loudly. Eomer stroked her hair, calming her so that she could speak. "Eomer, he's gone, Sykl is gone." Eomer held her closer and tears fell from his own eyes, not only because Sykl had been his friend, but he also cried for his sister and for her pain. Theodred could only stand and watch the sorrowful scene of the two siblings grieving together. He recalled the appearance of his cousin and felt anger. Her cheek had turned a mixture of dark red and purple. Her eyes were puffy from crying and streaks of salt cut through the dirt on her face. When he had first seen her he'd thought that all of the blood that covered her hands and dress belonged to her. He was relieved that was not the case, but she still looked awful and it killed him to know that much of that was caused by one of his own. Theodred whipped his head around as he heard the pounding of hooves coming down the trail towards them. The sound was not of the light-footed horses of the Rohirrim, but rather the heavy-footed ponies of the North. "Eomer!" Eomer nodded and picked his sister up. Eowyn, who normally would never allow for this kind of treatment, had stopped crying and just stared ahead looking as though she was lost in a dream world. Eomer placed her on his horse and she swayed dangerously before he got on behind her and held her in place with an arm about her waist "Let's go." Theodred nodded and the two were off, heading back to the keep. When they reached the gates they were greeted with a horrible sight, much of the fort had been burned and the dead and wounded lay about haphazardly. Colorful banners from the day's festivities lay trampled by the invading horses' hooves. Blood covered the street and civilian bodies lay alongside the bodies of the brown garbed enemy and the green of the guard. A cloud of despair had encompassed the city. The palace gates had been forced open by a bettering ram and the splintered remains hung from the wall awkwardly. A crowd of guards and nobles met the travelers and the three dismounted. Eowyn refused any aid from her brother; her chin was stuck forward in the first sign of her normal pride returning to her. She didn't let the people help her walk, even though it was obvious she was in pain and exhausted. She held her left arm to her side to try and keep it from hurting. She had ridden through the city and seen the horrors that had occurred, but nothing had prepared her for the sight that greeted her at the top of the castle steps. There on a stretcher lay the body of her father. Blood had soaked through his chest and five bloodied arrows lay on the ground next to his body. Eowyn's eyes were dry, she had no more tears left to shed and the weight of everything was suddenly unbearable. Eomer only just barely caught her before she hit the ground in a dead faint. Eowyn sat on a placid grey mare, her hands gripping the reins lightly as she stood at the crest of a hill overlooking the remains of her home. Some people had started to rebuild in those months since the near destruction of Illarinth, but many others had decided that too many painful memories haunted that place. Eowyn had been unconscious for three days and when she woke up she was like a different person, she didn't run around laughing and playing. Her people were sad when they looked at how cold she had become. Her brother had gone out with a troop of men and had brought the bodies of Sykl and Alyr back to be buried. Eowyn made it through her father's funeral and she thought she could do it for Sykl's, but she had to leave before he had been placed in the ground. Eomer and Eowyn had their own private ceremony in honor of Alyr who had been Eowyn's faithful steed for many years. The losses of that day were great. Eowyn had been shocked to learn that in addition to her father being killed old Detran and a score of the guards had been killed. Many innocent women and children had been slaughtered; some had been burned alive in their own homes. Eowyn's old friends Dera and Morne had been murdered along with their entire village before the raiders attacked the stronghold. Old Glaradhl the hostler had his throat cut as he guarded the horses in the stables. Eowyn wasn't the only person who buried lover or steed that day. Now Eowyn was waiting for the rest of the procession to leave the city. They had waited until winter was past, but now at first signs of spring Eowyn, Eomer, and many of the townspeople were leaving to go with Theoden to the Golden Halls. Eomer would become a member of the famous Rohirrim and one day would lead the cavalry of the king. Eowyn looked back at what had once been home to her and made a promise to herself and to Sykl. I swear that I will never again be defenseless; no one else will die because I am not strong enough. I am sorry Sykl, I will always love you. With that, she spurred the mare to meet the head of the procession where her uncle, cousin, and brother waited for her. In the wind she could almost hear Sykl's voice whispering to her, "I am always with you. Don't forget love…never forget love." Eowyn wanted to scream her despair, I'm sorry..I just don't remember how. There, done! I know, sad huh? PLEASE PRESS THE LITTLE REVIEW BUTTON!! IT WOULD MAKE ME HAPPY!!!