she was too concentrated on trying not to throw up all over the pavement. The girls had made it back to Eliora's house safely and as soon as the brown haired girls head hit the pillow she was out like a light bulb while occasionally mumbling in her sleep. Rebecca put her hand on the girls forehead, it was warm maybe a little too warm for her liking. She never knew that heat stroke could hit someone that fast, but this was Eliora, she got sick more often than anyone the red haired girl knew. She decided to call Eliora's mother to inform her of what happened, taking out her phone she went straight to her speed dial. So what if she had her best friends mom on speed dial, Eliora's mother was like a lioness with her cubs, very overprotective. The sound of the mothers voice on the other end halted her musing, "Hello?" came the soft motherly voice, "Hi, its Rebecca," "Oh Rebecca, how nice to hear from you, is Eliora ok?" the mom inquired. "That is actually what I came to talk to you about, you see-" "Did Eliora fall down the stairs again, I'll call the ambulance! How many times must I tell her to use the railing but the blasted girl never listens!" "No. No, There is no need for the ambulance, and she didn't fall down the stairs, she just got some minor heat stroke, nothing life threatening." Rebecca explained a little flabbergasted at her reaction. "Oh well that is not too bad, I will try to get home as soon as possible, but in the meantime please stay with Eliora?." Her mother said, it was more of an order that a question really but it's not like she ever would. "Of course!" Rebecca said before uttering her goodbye and hanging up the phone. Rebecca sat and watched her friend sleep fitfully for a couple of minutes before turning on the small TV Eliora had in her room. Searching through the channels she decided to watch a couple of episodes of the Big Bang Theory seeing as there was a marathon of the comedic show playing. Before she knew it, the red haired girl was out cold, having fallen asleep in the beanbag chair somewhere between Sheldon's many crazy and weird moments. The girl woke up from her uncomfortable rest at the sound of the front door closing. Realizing she had fallen asleep she looked to her left to see Eliora even worse than before. The covers were around her feet and beads of sweat were rolling off her forehead, but she never woke up. Deciding to go get a cold cloth for her friend, Rebecca was just about to leave her room when she almost collided into Eliora's mother. She just sent Rebecca an apologetic smile before running over to her daughter, who was mumbling in her sleep. Rebecca decided to leave the two alone and re-embark on her adventure for a cold towel. "Oh darling!" The women said brushing sweaty strands of hair away from Eliora's face, and putting her hand on her daughters forehead. Eliora was warm, too warm, she must have the flu. The mother had heard of a nasty virus going around a couple of weeks ago and decided to bring her daughter to the doctors first thing in the morning. Just then Rebecca came back in with the cool cloth and handed it to the concerned mother, "I think you should leave now Rebecca." She said smiling at the girl as she placed the cloth on her daughters forehead. Rebecca was about to protest but she beat her to it, "You have done all you can for my daughter, it would be best for you to get some sleep. I will inform you of anything else, and besides, you can come back tomorrow if you like." Rebecca just nodded leaving the two family members alone. She was tired, if falling asleep in a very uncomfortable chair was any proof, she definitely needed some sleep. Eliora woke up with a pounding headache and a groan, looking around the room all she saw was black before a wave of nausea overcame her and she rushed to the bathroom. Everything she had eaten that day was now wasted, flushing the toilet the girl washed her mouth out and brushed her teeth, she hated puking. Eliora just kept feeling worse and worse no matter what she did , maybe if she went back to the place where this all started she could figure it out. The little voice in her head was agreeing with the idea and she felt very compelled to the small shaded area she had been occupying only hours before. Before she knew it, Eliora had her shoes on and was walking back to that place, letting her feet guide her. As the girl trudged onward it seemed as if her headache started to subside and so did the awful churning in her stomach. Eliora finally made it back to the spot and a tree caught her eye, it looked as if the bark was glowing slightly, but it must have just been the glow from the street lights. Even so, she was still curious and walked toward the tree in awe, as the girl got closer the tree seemed to glow even brighter. The girl was oddly compelled to the tree and saw a picture in the glowing white canvas, an ocean of some sort, with small waved running through it. "Come, Eliora," She heard in her head but she was hardly listening to the voice, instead she was wondering how the water would feel when it cascaded around her fingertips, would it be warm or cold? "You cannot resist Eliora, come!" That was all the prompting Eliora needed before she let her hand touch the bark of the tree, only feeling its rough surface for a split second before she was engulfed in a cold, wet darkness.