were hardly incoherent. "What do we have here?" By their accents she could not tell whence they had come, but that they could speak frightened her all the more. It meant they could think, plan, outmaneuver her. She felt as though they towered over her by at least a head or two, though she could not tell if it was her own gripping fear making them greater in her eyes. Éohild's trembling arms crossed over her body, and the Orcs howled in laughter all the louder. "A little girl." Éohild tried to remember what it was Théodred and Gamling had taught them for so many years. The basic stances and the more complicated maneuvers faded as quickly as they came to mind, however, as all she wanted to do was break into tears. If she were to die, was all it could repeat over and over again, then at least Éowyn would live to see tomorrow. Once the Orcs left the cavern she could return to Edoras and Éomer would avenge her death. "Fresh meat." If Théodred were in her position, he would fight his way out completely unscathed, hair tossing gloriously behind him. Éomer would have thought to tell someone where he was going, at least, in case his plan went awry. And Uncle Théoden would never have gotten himself into this to begin with. "Just what I was hankerin' for!" "No!" Éohild cried. If she was going to die, then the honorable thing to do was to go down in battle. They would sing that she slew at least one Orc before her untimely death and be remembered as… One of them drew its sword. "Which tastes better – the leg or the gut?" it asked, licking its black lips. Éohild let out a yell, drawing two long daggers from her belt sheathe. By the time the Orcs realized she had actual weapons, however, one of them had already fallen by the longsword of the young woman they had forgotten to take into account. "Do not dare touch my sister, Orc," spat Éowyn, raising her blade at those facing her. When they snarled and then laughed at Éowyn's similarly shaking arm, Éohild shouted again. Running towards the Orc in closest range, she sliced her twin blades across its knees. Their skin was thicker than she had imagined. The Orc only grunted and moved to kick her, and Éohild threw herself sideways to dodge a moment too late. It kicked her on her back and looked around for its sword. Struggling to her knees and coughing while it found its weapon, she plunged a dagger between its legs. "Come here, brat!" roared the Orc who caught her. It lifted her by the neck this time, and Éohild wondered if it felt any remorse at all for its companions. The Orcs hardly reacted at the death of one of their own. "Release her, beast!" demanded Éowyn, dodging the others lunging at her to attack it. Her sword managed to puncture its shoulder before it pulled away and maneuvered its own weapon so that hers flew out of her grasp. "Stay down," it hissed, slapping her across the face hard enough to knock her into the cavern wall. Éowyn fell unconscious to the ground. "Éowyn!" Éohild choked out. Strength overpowered the fear that had gripped her and begged to come out of her fingers and heels. Eyes on her sister, she swung her feet at the Orc's chest and knocked the wind out of it. The Orc swore and released her, allowing her to crouch and retake her dagger from a dead one's pelvic bone right as another swung his sword over her head. Still on all fours, she scurried over and stabbed its foot. Bellowing, it hacked at her neck, but she dropped to her left, rolling on her back. It nearly chopped her hair off. In its furious haste to lunge at her exposed gut, the Orc tripped over Éohild's outlying leg. That was certain now to bruise. Éohild scampered to her feet and leapt at the Orc while it recovered, knifing it in the back and thrusting her other dagger into its neck for good measure. "You're dead," said the last one. She'd forgotten about him in her panic. Éohild would always remember the face of the first Orc she laid eyes on, advancing towards her, lifting his sword— A loud whinny echoed throughout the cave. Both Éohild and the Orc paused until the eyes of the former widened. The Orc followed her gaze and shrieked as a gray horse of the Mark came upon him and trampled him to death. It seemed a long while after she vomited at the side of the cave when Éohild simply fell to one spot, staring at Windfola's bloody hooves and her own weapons, bathed in thick black fluid that once coursed life into a monster. When the only sounds left were her ragged breathing and Windfola stomping on the dead Orcs for good measure, the horse sniffing disdainfully, Éohild dropped her knives and struggled to stand. All the energy she possessed during the fight had somehow escaped her as soon as they were safe. When she could not rise, she crawled to her sister, wiping her own mouth. Any slower and Éowyn's heartbeat would proclaim her dead. "Éowyn!" screamed Éohild with all her might. This was not the adventure they had planned. The result would have left them both alive. Perhaps not unscathed, but alive in excitement at their first kills. "Éowyn!" Éohild felt her eyes sting and her throat catch with tears, but contained herself and kept to the task of waking Éowyn, slapping her, yelling and threatening her if she did not budge. When she finally ceased, Éohild resorted to cradling Éowyn in her arms and singing weakly an old lullaby, Windfola lying innocently at her side, until the battering of hooves startled the ground near the earthy caverns and she heard their names echoing in the distance.