arm as he hoisted himself up. Gingerly resting his left heel on the ground, he slowly put weight on his leg, surprised to discover that the swelling and stiffness were gone. "I am healed," he let out in an astonished whisper. Legolas had a wistful smile on his face. "The healing hand of Elrond is still with us, it seems," he said with a warm look at Arwen. "Thank you," Aragorn said, looking upon his wife with a grateful expression. "You never cease to amaze me, Arwen." She kissed her husband again then let go of him. "I shall fetch you some clothes." As Arwen slipped into the adjoining chamber, Aragorn paced by the fireplace, testing out his knee. Shaking his hair out of his eyes, he turned his gaze to Legolas, who was studying the sleeping child in his arms, smiling at the boy's reposed face. "He has grown so big so quickly." Aragorn sighed. "I know. The day that he becomes a man will arrive far too swiftly." Aragorn paused, studying the youthful features of the Elf. "And I have you to thank for the fact that I will live to see him grow." Legolas looked away from Eldarion and met Aragorn's gaze. "I would have died tonight, Legolas, were it not for you." "I know not if it was Arwen's fear or yours that I felt upon my approach, but I lingered in the Pelennor without fully understanding why." Aragorn smiled. "Your wise spirit serves you well, Prince of Mirkwood." He rested a calloused hand upon the Elven prince's shoulder. " Hannon le ." Legolas smiled. "Your life is bound to mine, Aragorn, and mine to yours. I shall always come to your aid." Aragorn squeezed his shoulder, inclining his head in thanks. "I trust Brego made it home safe and sound?" "Last I checked," Legolas said, "he was sharing a stable with Arod, nipping at his mane and throwing his head." Aragorn chucked, having observed the nipping game often enough to know it was a sign of affection between the two horses. "What I do not understand, Aragorn, is why you were leaving Gondor behind you." The king sighed and let his hand slip from his friend's shoulder. "Perhaps, Legolas, one day you will also feel the press of time and wish for a few moments of peace to accept and welcome the changes in your heart. Marriage is no small thing, and becoming a father brings with it life's greatest joys and most powerful fears. You view the world from an entirely new perspective. I have had much change of late." Legolas nodded solemnly then raised his brows. "That is well, however I merely meant that when I found you, you had been heading north. Gondor is to the south." Aragorn studied his friend in surprise for the span of several heartbeats, realizing that he truly had been freezing to death to have been so sure that he was headed in the right direction when in fact it was the opposite. He let out a quiet chuckle and Legolas likewise smiled, affection brimming in his eyes all the more for the Man's bumbling mistake. Legolas looked from the naked fir tree in the corner of the room to Eldarion. "It is a shame he shall not decorate the tree this night. I know he was so looking forward to it." "And he shall not miss it," Arwen said as she returned with a pair of brown breeches and a red tunic for Aragorn. Aragorn took the clothing from his wife and slipped into it as she nodded to Legolas. "Wake him." A timid look flashed across the Elven prince's features at the thought of waking a sleeping child, but he turned his attention to the boy's face and brushed a hand across his cheek. "Wake, Eldarion. Your father has returned." The boy opened his eyes, blinking at the light in the room, and Legolas rose, his movement further waking the boy. Eldarion looked around with sleep-tinged eyes then spotted Aragorn as the man pulled his tunic down over his hips. "Ada," he said with a grin. Aragorn grinned and held out his arms to the boy, who reached out for him. Taking his son in his arms, Aragorn hugged his child and kissed the top of his head. "You were lost, Ada." "I'm home now," the king murmured against his son's hair. "Thank you for waiting for me." Eldarion slipped his arms around his father's neck and looked to his mother. Arwen smiled. "The tree waits." Eldarion grinned and struggled to get out of his father's arms, so Aragorn set him on his feet and chuckled as the boy scampered over to the tree, suddenly awake. Arwen laughed and followed her son, Aragorn on her heels. Legolas remained at the hearth, watching the small family with a wistful smile on his face. Arwen handed Eldarion a ceramic bird to hang upon a bough, and as the child hunted out the perfect branch, Aragorn turned to Legolas with raised brows. "What are you doing over there, Legolas? You are family as well." "Yeah!" Eldarion shouted as he hopped back over to his mother and held out his hand for another ornament. "You can help." Legolas inclined his head at Aragorn then approached and Eldarion handed him a ceramic horse ornament. " Hannon le , Eldarion." " Amin saesa , Legolas." Arwen placed her hand on Legolas' shoulder then reached to hang an ornament herself, while Aragorn lifted Eldarion so that the boy could reach one of the highest branches. The hearth glowed warm and the lingering scent of cider and pine filled the air while the snow continued to fall outside. It was the longest night of the year, but the brightest in Aragorn's heart. Wishing you all a solstice and holiday full of love, laughter, and light! Elvish phrases: Amin saesa: My pleasure . Hannon le: Thank you. Mae carnen: Well done Mellon-nïn: My friend.