touching ourselves there and I wanted to surprise you with it. I didn't mean to scare you, I just wanted you to feel how good it is. A good friend doesn't keep nice things to him or her self." Said he. Sam again nodded, then tried to weigh out what was the best thing to do. He didn't see anything wrong with Merry sharing a pleasurable thing, but what did Pippin think of it? "Peregrine," He finally said as he turned his gaze to the youngest hobbit. Pippin looked to him in attention. "If I stay with you, would you give Merry another chance to share his discovery? I think he had good intentions, he just went about doing it wrong." Pippin looked at the ground, then at Sam, and finally at Merry. "I...I guess I can." He said with a nervous stutter. Meriadoc smiled and laid Pippin flat on the bed. Sam stood back and observed as Merry gently rubbed his hand between Pippin's legs. Instantly, the little Took became nervous. "Stay calm. It'll be okay" Merry encouraged. Pippin took a deep breath and relaxed. "I trust you" He spoke softly. Merry slowly pulled Peregrine's pants down and pulled out his hard shaft. "Why is it like that? It's never been like that" Pippin said as he looked between his legs. Merry paused for a minute. "Well, I really don't know how or why it happens..." He said, "It just...happens." Peregrine nodded slowly and leaned his head back. Merry then seized the small shaft and rubbed it from base to tip in slow, strong motions. Sam observed, smiling as he saw that Pippin was apparently enjoying it. "It...It does feel nice. Sorry for freaking out on you last night." Peregrine apologized. Merry smiled. "No need to be sorry. It was my fault for how I introduced it." He said reassuringly. They continued like this for a few minutes, then Pippin started to feel the oncoming of orgasm. "Merry...there's a strange feeling welling in my belly. Is that normal?" Pip asked as he started to tense up. Meriadoc nodded and told him it was completely normal. Soon Pippin was moaning and his legs were shaking from the slow and steady movements of Merry's hands. "Faster. Please go faster" He begged. Merry chuckled and did as he was asked. As fast as his hand could go, it went. Up and down Peregrine's overly sensitive shaft. The young hobbit gasped and arched his back, not knowing how to handle this new feeling. He held the Brandybuck's hand tightly as he moaned. It wasn't but a moment more and Pippin was having his first orgasm. It was much stronger than Merry's was, even though Pippin didn't cum as much as the elder. He was shaking all over and convulsing with pleasure. "That's it. Come on" Merry encouraged as he kept rubbing quickly. Pippin moaned loudly and grabbed whatever he could with a tight grasp. He kept shaking and moaning as long as Merry's hand moved, so the elder finally stopped and Pippin relaxed. He continued to shiver and pant far after the orgasm has stopped though. "What was all that?" Sam asked with interest. "I don't know what it's called exactly, but everyone can do it. Just please don't tell anyone else." Replied Merry with a worried expression. Sam nodded and put a finger to his lips. Pippin did the same. "I won't tell anyone else. Promise. But...can I do it to you?" He asked with a sweet, innocent smile, "And I want to use my mouth if that's okay. My arms are too tired." Merry bit his lip nervously. "Of...of course! Of course you can." He said as he pulled his trousers down. Pippin smiled with delight and crawled between the elder's legs. As before, Sam watched with great interest. Meriadoc looked down at the Took between his legs and swallowed. "Go on" He said. He shut his eyes tightly as he felt Pippin's warm and wet mouth close around his shaft. To feel the younger hobbit's mouth sucking, licking, and teething on his shaft was pure ecstasy. Merry doubted he'd last any more than a minute with the amazing treatment. By time Pippin had been giving his ministrations for 30 seconds, Merry found himself already moaning and running his fingers through the Took's hair. "Its perfect." He said between moans, "You're a natural at this." Pippin stopped for only a moment to smile up at Merry, then continued to treat his wet penis. By time a full minute had passed, precum was already leaking out of Merry's shaft. By time two minutes had passed, he was on the literal edge of breaking into climax. His back was arched and his breaths were short. Merry pulled Peregrine's mouth off just before cum came spilling out. It fell in thick globs all over the floor between his legs. "What is that?" Pippin and Sam asked in unison. "I haven't quite figured it out myself" Merry replied with a chuckle. He looked around the room though, and frowned. "Sorry for the awful mess we made Sam..." He whispered. Sam smiled and pulled their pants up. "Not to worry. You two enjoyed yourselves, and that's worth the mess. Go home and relax, leave the cleaning to me." He said. Merry insisted upon at least mopping the floor, but Sam repeated his words every time Merry or Pippin asked to help. Finally they sighed and went home to each of their holes. Sam didn't have much cleaning to do, and smiled again as he thought of how happy his friends were. Merry and Pippin—and Samwise if I might add—did find time on other occasions to pleasure each other. Some times went better than others, but the trio's secret remained only with them. I would tell you some of the funnier times, but maybe that belongs in another story. All I can say for now is that they had discovered an amazing pleasure and shared it happily.