probably clear to you." "Interesting..." the Ranger pondered, staring into the fire. "What?" Aragorn fixed his gaze back on the elf, seeing his confused state. He sighed, before beginning his explanation of what had happened, "As I said, the flowers poisoned you." "How?" "You heard the song of the blossom tree and then smelt a scent sweeter than any other. Am I mistaken?" The elf shook his head, "Lord Elrond once told me of a flower that once existed in Middle Earth. To all others it appears black and riddled with decay. It's scent is putrid and something akin to Orc flesh. But to elves, it appears as one of Yavanna's most beautiful creations." The Prince's eyebrows furrowed, "Then how does it disguise itself? And how is it's song so loud?" "It takes host of a tree, usually one of great beauty like the blossom, and bend's the tree's will to its own. Attracting whatever it can using its song, it compels one to smell its flowers, which is how you became poisoned." Aragorn paused for a while before continuing, "By the time I found you in the clearing, its poison had already taken a hold of you. Even to elves, the poison is deadly and I knew of only one place nearby where I could find a rare herb with which to cure you." "And that grows in this forest," Legolas said, beginning to understand now. Most of what he thought had happened was all just part of a feverish dream... or so it seemed. The Ranger nodded, "I had to carry you, as we have no horses. I knew that the quickest way here was through that tunnel. But while I made my way there, you being the stubborn elf that you are, kept waking up, sometimes for minutes. You were dreaming the route that we took, because you could already see it with your eyes, even if you did not know it." "That explains why all that was happening was strange. The sky kept darkening in my dreams. I must have been closing my eyes," Legolas said, letting his gaze turn briefly towards the orange sky, before coming back to Aragorn. It was an odd sensation to him, so sleep with his eyes closed. Yet elves only done such a thing when they were either suffering from fever or exhaustion. "What happened after you entered the tunnel?" "Not much, until I came across the bridge. It cracked in the middle and in a moment of lost balance, I dropped you. The rest, I am sure you know." There was a silence. Legolas refused to meet Aragorn's eyes, instead he stared upwards and pondered his thoughts. "Legolas," The Ranger said, snapping him from his thoughts, "Is there something you are not telling me?" Another pause. The Prince reluctantly turned his head back to the Ranger, and with a brief sigh, he began to speak, "That moment you described on the bridge... I saw it. In my feverish dreams, I fell because I was too slow to leap to safety. You caught my hand before I fell... yet for a while, since before we had entered the tunnel in fact, you acted strangely." Aragorn's brows furrowed, "Strangely?" "Cold was your tone, yet it also carried some clever manipulation. Enough that you persuaded me to enter that tunnel." Said Legolas. "What happened after I caught your hand?" The Ranger pressed, sensing more behind his friend's dream. "You could not pull me up using one arm. I asked you to place the torch down, but you said there was no place to do so, or it would extinguish... so you let me fall." Shocked, Aragorn made to speak, "Legolas-" A hand was raised in the air ever so slightly. This silenced him and allowed the elf to continue, "It was a dream, Aragorn. A feverish dream. At the time, I thought it was real, yet in my heart I knew something was wrong." He looked back at the sky, "I could hear you calling me." "I was trying to keep you awake." Minutes passed. They did not speak, nor look upon each other, not until Aragorn grew weary of the silence, and spoke what needed to be spoken, "Mellon nin, you know that I would never ask you to go into a tunnel, but even so, I must apologise for what I have done. Both in and out of your dreams... truly, I have much regret for what has happened. I do not ask your forgiveness for bringing you through that tunnel." Laughter sounded from beside him. A cheery sound that was so rare for most men to hear of elves, yet so harmonious, "What?" Aragorn asked, raising an eyebrow towards his friend. "I find this situation amusing. You are apologising for both actions that were not of your own and those that were necessary," the elf said, his laughter dying down, "though I have been betrayed twice today: once by a tree and once by a dream, there has been no harm done. I do not forgive you for leading me into that tunnel, because it was the right thing to do if you wanted me to live. Mellon nin, I do not hate you for taking me there. Nothing needs forgiveness. Only my thanks, which I give to you for saving my life." They spent the rest of their time gazing at the sky, talking of other, merrier things. As darkness grew, Legolas listened to the trees around him, hearing their tired song, before setting down late into the night to sleep under the stars. Aragorn kept watch over his recovering friend for sometime, before passing into slumber himself. The next day they continued for Rivendell, their hearts and heads lighter as the worst of their journey had passed. Hello! First LOTR fic, so sorry if it's not up to par. This was written for the Teitho contest Betrayal and Forgiveness and it won second place. Thanks for reading!