until the last syllable of the sentence: her. The mask of calm slipped from his face at the sound of it, surprise etched in everything capable of expression. The man turned back to Valerie, giving what he could see of her face a good once over, looking for the lie. "Remove your helmet," he commanded, the mask replaced. Valerie looked from him to his arm several times. She then turned to the First Sergeant, nodding as best as she could with the knife still against her throat. His arm practically dropped, the pistol hitting the ground with a dull thud. The man relaxed slightly, stepping back, leaving her arms free. He pulled back the knife, placing it back in his belt, watching her warily still. Sitting up on one of her elbows, Valerie began to undo the strap on her helmet. Her head screamed with relief as it was pulled off, her hair still trying to cling to it, but the bun she had put in that morning was too strong. It still gave the man a message. He stood abruptly, backing away as though she had turned into some vile creature. Valerie watched him as his stare became discomforting, a mixture of confusion and slight hatred in her own. He whistled then. Suddenly as far as her vision could take her, men in cloaks emerged from the forest. She could not get a good count of them but there had to be at least twenty if not more. One approached him, speaking in low whispers, the noise barely audible. Valerie turned back to the First Sergeant, who had finally lost his battle with consciousness. If he died, she would be alone. What then? "What are we to do, Captain?" The man asked, glancing quickly over at Valerie, a loathsome look she did not miss. He paused a moment. "We take her to Henneth Annûn. Bind her hands. Cover her eyes. Our enemy has become reckless if he believes that to be able to penetrate our ranks." The other man nodded. "And what of her companion?" Perhaps it was because he turned toward her, or that his voice had grown louder, but something made certain that Valerie heard his last statement. "Leave him." This struck a chord in Valerie. No longer would she be silent or fearful of her supposed savior. She would not go quietly as they had assumed; she stood quickly, not going for her rifle which was closer than she assumed, but instead pulling out her pistol, leveling it on the center of the silver tree sewn onto his outfit. He raised one hand, pausing the action that would have ended the foolish woman's life. If his men had not been better trained… "We are not going to leave him." The man began to laugh, something she figured would happen at this point. "You would force your captor's hand despite the situation in which you now find yourself?" Valerie quickly glanced at the seemingly multiplying hooded men. "Yes." His face became serious once more. "Your companion is dying. He will only slow us and they will track his scent with ease." Her grip on the pistol tightened, her resistance to pulling the trigger fleeing. Through clinched teeth she shouted, "I will not leave him here to be eaten by those things like some dead animal!" For a moment, Valerie thought she saw the man nod. It was subtle but she could have sworn it was there. To her surprise he began to step forward, coming closer without stopping, and she did not back away. While she hated to believe it, something told her that he meant to do no harm, though her pistol remained in place. If she was wrong at least she would have plenty of room for it. "You are a stubborn creature," he murmured, halting a few paces before her. "And a loyal one. If a man could have admiration for things such as you, you would have it." It threw her off for a moment, the thought of a man respecting what he considered to be the enemy. Those were fantasies that no longer existed in the world, ideals that her grandfather had only prayed for as he remembered the stories his father told him, stories of how the war would end for the night and of Christmases celebrated even between enemies. Valerie quickly returned to reality. "That doesn't change what you said." "No it does not." She knew it then that someone was behind her, ready to strike. Valerie tossed her pistol down before they grabbed her by the shoulders, forcing her to her knees. The last images she saw were of the First Sergeant, lying unconscious, unaware of his horrid fate. She could have chanced it, shot the man that would leave him for those creatures. It would have meant the end of her own life but at least then she would have been free of this place. Instead she chose life, however terrible it would be now with so much guilt upon her conscience. The last time she had been blindfolded was at her birthday party. She had turned eight. They were playing pin the tail on the donkey. Her father had filmed her as she tried to get to the page the creature was on, nearly sticking the needle in the cat's face instead as it watched from the steps above the picture. She had watched the video before leaving, tears lining her eyes for a reason she could not remember. Perhaps she had known then what would befall her for now she wished this darkness was a simple game, where the only life at risk was that of a cartoon drawing instead of her own in a land so different and far away from anything she had ever witnessed. What happened? Well what do you think? Please give me some criticism! My only goal in life is to improve and I can't if I don't gets some tips!