for which I was grateful as the feeling hadn't come back into my legs yet. The two argued for a moment before the stranger composed himself and turned his eyes to me for the first time. "Forgive me, you don't speak Rohirric." I looked at Eothain who nodded and let me go. I wrapped the cloak around myself again, knowing now that my shorts were basically like wearing lingerie to these men. The sun had started setting and the smells of the campfire made their way over to me. I realized that it had been over a day since I had had anything to eat and my eyes jolted to the nearest fire, an iron pot cooking something on top of it. The man followed my gaze and must have noticed what I looked for. "You must be hungry," he said. I nodded. The man took a step closer to me and I was able to get a better look at his face. His beard was thicker than Eothain's and darker. His hair was blond, but a darker shade and fell well past his shoulders, small braids keeping it pulled out of his face. He was dirty, like Eothain and all the other men. His eyes were blue as well, but they were different. While Eothain's held a sense of lightheartedness, his did little to hide his hardness. They were a dark blue. A cavern of mystery. Those eyes surveyed my own face intently and I shrunk behind Eothain, as I realized who he must be. The Marshal Eothain had mentioned. He must have been in charge of this group of warriors. An eored, Eothain had called it. This Marshal was a stranger to me, but I knew one thing: he was not a man you toyed with. The prospect of lying to this man scared me, for I didn't know what he would do if I were caught. When I shrunk behind Eothain, however, the man backed off and his hard expression changed to one I could not read. "It's alright, Mallory," Eothain said. "This is Eomer, Third Marshal of the Riddermark." "I'm not going to hurt you, girl," the Marshal said, turning to Eothain. "She can sleep in the tent, but you'll man it for the night." He turned back to me. "We will talk in the morning. Eat, rest, and recover." Eothain let out a breath as the Marshal walked away and towards one of the fires. "Well, that went better than one could have hoped," he said. "Come, I will walk you to the tent." I followed him through the camp, past fires and sleeping cots and large blond warriors all the way to the tent at the edge of camp. Eothain lifted the flap. Inside was a brazier of coals heating the area, a large sleeping cot and saddlebags of supplies. "Wait here," Eothain said, closing the flap and leaving me alone. I wanted to protest, but he moved too quick. I walked to the brazier and began warming my hands which had turned white with chill. My legs and arms were perpetually goosebumped and the thought of the warm cot was tantalizing. Eothain was back almost immediately, however. In one hand he held a saddlebag and in the other a bowl of steaming food. He dropped the bad on the floor and handed me the bowl. "Eomer's squire made that. He's not a bad hunter and an even better cook. The heat from the bowl radiated onto my hands and I didn't even wait for a utensil. It was some kind of stew and I began drinking the broth almost instantly. It was bland but warm and I didn't think of much else save the stinging heat. "Woah," Eothain said, reaching forward and pulling the bowl from my face. "Slow down. You will make yourself sick." I had already nearly drained the bowl and my stomach welcomed the broth and the warmth. But I stopped, figuring that compliance would get me further than protest. He backed off and I sipped at the broth instead, watching him reach for the saddlebag. "I have no clothes that will fit you, but I do have a spare pair of trousers we can make work for the ride tomorrow. There are no spare horses in the eored so I assume you will ride with me again." "What happens when we get to...wherever we're going." "We are going to my home in Aldburg. I will take to to my sister. She can hopefully help you return to your home. If you ever decide to tell me where that is." There was no way he'd believe me. "Maybe if I knew where I was, I could tell you how far away it is," I said. "I have told you, you are in Rohan." "Where is Rohan?" I asked. "North of Gondor, the White City. South of Rhovanion, wherein lies Dale, the land I have told my comrades you are from." This explained nothing. I knew nothing of these lands. "You are still baffled?" he asked and I nodded, sitting down in the grassy floor of the tent. "Fear not. My sister knows more of maps and lands than I do. She will be able to help you more than I. For now, we can continue the lie. Eomer will want to question you in the morning. Tell him you are from Dale. Perhaps if you told me how you came to be in the Mark?" "I don't know," I said, cupping my hand around the bowl. I woke up on the plains. I don't know how I got here." "No memory at all?" I shook my head. "Very well, then. We will tell this to Eomer. No need to lie if we don't have to." He passed me a bundle of fabric from the saddlebag. Here are the trousers. Get some rest. It will be a long ride tomorrow." With that, he left me alone again in this strange world.