wrote about Durin, the founder of Moria. As he sang, his voice echoed around the huge hall. When he finished, Gandalf told them about the Mines. "The true wealth of Moria was not in gold or jewels, but in mithril ." He said. "Bilbo once had a set of mitril rings that Thorin gave him." Gimli gasp. "That was a kingly gift!" "Indeed it was." replied Gandalf. "I never told him, but its value was greater than the manner of the Shire." Soon, silence fell and, one by one, the Fellowship fell asleep. Just before she drifted off, Aurora thought she two points of light, almost like luminous eyes, but she shook it off as a figment of the her tired mind. Chapter 14 Aurora woke the night morning to find most of the Fellowship already stirring and dim light falling in her face. A long pale beam fell through a shaft high above the eastern archway. Through the northern arch a faint light could be seen as well. "Good morning!" said Gandalf. "For morning it is again at last. I was right, you see. We are high up on the east side of Moria. Before today is over we ought to find the Great Gates and see the waters of Mirrormere lying in Dimrill Dale before us." "I'll be glad to finally get out of this dark place." said Aurora. "I too shall be glad." said Gimli. "I have looked on Moria, and it is great, but it had become dark, and dreadful; and we have found no sign of my kindred. I doubt now that Balin ever came here." After breakfast, Gandalf decide, in order to find the right direction to go, to explore the passages beyond the aches. The Fellowship then made its way through the northern arch and found themselves in a wide corridor. To their right was a room filled with dazzlingly bright light, that practically blinded the Company when they entered. Deep dust enshrouded shapes on that they could not make out. In the center of the room was a large block of stone topped by a slab of white marble. "It looks like a tomb." said Frodo as he leaned forward to examine the runes cut deeply into the surface of the rock. Gandalf came and stood beside him. "These are Daeron's Runes, such as were used of old in Moria," said Gandalf. "Here is written in the tongues of Men and Dwarves: BALIN SON OF FUNDIN LORD OF MORIA. "He is dead then," said Frodo. "I feared it was so." Gimli cast his hood over his face, and Aurora, whom Legolas had been carrying, reached out and laid a hand on his shoulder. "I'm so sorry, Master Gimli." she whispered. The Fellowship stood silently by the tomb of Balin, but at lenghth, they stirred and began to seach for anything that would tell them of Balin and his peoples fate. A small door was found on the other side of the chamber beneath the shaft of light. Beside it they found many old bones, broken swords and axe-heads, and cloven shields and helmets. Some of the blades were the crooked, blacken scimitars and Orcs. This room had many alcoves cut in the walls which housed wooden chests bound in iron. Unfortunately, all of them had been plundered, and beside one there was the remains of a book. It had been stabbed and slashed and was difficult to read because of the many black, bloody stains. The pages cracked and broke as Gandalf picked it up. For a long time Gandalf pored over it with Frodo and Gimli looking over his shoulders. Finally Gandalf looked up from studying the delicate pages and told them that it seemed to be an account of the colony brought there by Balin. As he read bits of it out to them, it sound like the colony had a good start but they fell under attack and were trapped. It spoke of drums sounding in the deep. The last line was " We cannot get out. " Tears slowly slid down Aurora face at the thought of the poor dwarves trapped in the very room the stood in. "They seem to have made a last stand by both doors," Gandalf said; "but there were not many left by that time. So ended the attempt to retake Moria! It was valiant but foolish. The time is not come yet. Now, I fear, we must say farewell to Balin son of Fundin. Here he must lie in the halls of his fathers. Come, let us go! The morning is passing." "Which way shall we go?" asked Boromir. "We should leave by the eastern arch of the hall," replied Gandlaf, "and bear right and south, and go downwards. Come now! Back to the hall!" He had hardly finished speaking when a great rolling Boom seemed to come from depths far below. They run to the door as Doom,doom rolled once more. It was if the caverns around them were being used as a huge drum. Then an echoing horn was blown in the hall, and other horns and cries answered it. They could hear the sound of many hurrying feet. The drums continued to beat as Aragorn told them to shut and wedge the doors. At Gandalf's command, the east door was left ajar and Aurora was hiding on the stairs beyond. Marching feet and wild cries could be heard in the corridor. Both Gandalf and Frodo's blades were glowing with a pale blue light. As Aragorn, Boromir, and Legolas barred the other door, arrow came whistling in and barely missed them. "They have a cave troll." remarked Boromir as they used old swords and axes to bar the door. I'm afraid that's all I've got for now. I hope all ya'll readers out there like it so far and will send me lots, and lots, and LOTS of reviews, comments and suggstions. PLEASE do: there all welcome! - Bonnie Celt