Middle Earth. He used it in an attempt to turn out world into his servants. In the Second Age, he almost succeeded. The Man, Isildur, King of Gondor, defeated him. But Isildur was a fool; instead of destroying the Ring, to rid the world of Evil, he kept it for himself," he said in disgust. "It only led to his death. And now, the Ring is nowhere to be found, still holding a new bearer after it abandoned the creature Gollum." "So, now that Gollum doesn't have it, nobody knows who does?" Jane asked. Glorfindel shook his head. "Not for years has anyone heard news of the Ring." "This is Bad News Bears," she said. "Do you think there is going to be another war?" Of course, Jane knew of this. But it was important for her to pretend. The Fellowship was yet to be created. And if Gollum did not have the Ring, then surely Bilbo did, which meant it could be like, forty years before Frodo would get it! No Tenth Walker for me! I won't be a Legolas Mary Sue! she exclaimed to herself. Her best friend from home, Veronica, had a mild obsession with Lord of the Rings and had explained the wonders of Fan Fiction. "Yes," Glorfindel's dark tone returned. "To save Middle Earth and the good here, we must defend it from Sauron. His spirit endured his physical death by Isildur. He rose again, at first in a stronghold called Dol Guldur, the Hill of Sorcery, in southern Mirkwood, another Elvish realm. There he was disguised as a dark sorcerer called the Necromancer. The Elves did not realize that he was the Deceiver returned. One of the Istari, Gandalf the Grey, stole into Dol Guldur and discovered the truth; eventually the White Council of Wizards and Elves put forth their might and drove Sauron out. But he simply moved back to Mordor and raised himself again in Barad-dur. And there he lingers, as an ever watchful eye on the Tower of Barad-dur." Jane felt goosebumps as Glorfindel explained new information of the Dark Lord. She never had understood his transition between man and flaming eye. "I feel kind of bummed out now," she said, trying to lighten the mood. Glorfindel raised a delicate eyebrow. "Bummed?" She laughed. "I forgot, you don't know my slang. I just mean that we were talking a nice walk around and now it's all Sauron, Evil, Nazgul. Let's talk about something else. Tell me more about these... hoppits?" This time, Glorfindel laughed as she placed her arm in his. "Hobbits. I will tell you of a very interesting hobbit, called Bilbo Baggins..." ---------- "Wait, what?" I shouted after choking down my wine at the news. Glorfindel and I were sitting in his study, me stuffing my face with food and drink, him delicately indulging in a goblet of wine. He had brought me there later that night to show me maps and old history texts. Needless to say, I geeked out big time. But then he decided to spring some news on me! And we all know how I loved news from the Lord of the House of the Golden Flower. Apparently, Elrond thought it would be in my best interests if I spent my time being tutored . Not just in academics, but in combat . So, needless to say, I was more than pissed. "Lord Elrond sees it as imperative for you to be trained in combat," Glorfindel said, slightly confused by my outburst. "Nooo no no," I laughed. "I don't fight. Physically, I mean. And I don't wanna learn MORE! Today was plenty informative." "Jane, I promise it will not be a terrible experience. Erestor is a very good teacher and--" "HIM???" I shrieked. I had met him when I arrived. I can sum in up in one word: whatadick! He was such a wet blanket. "A what?" Glorfindel asked as I voiced my thoughts. "You know, like a party pooper, lame brain, jerk burger! He just seems like a stiff, like no fun and all work." "I assure you, you will learn as much as you can from him," Glorfindel promised. "And I will be training you in sword combat, archery, and knives." "Cut me some slack , mahdude!" I begged. "Knives? When would I ever use knives ??" Despite my love of the outdoors, I was clumsy. Not overly so, the way Stephanie Meyers wrote about Bella to make her more "relatable" to the hordes of pathetic teenaged girls who can't grasp the complete destruction of vampiric literature as we know it. I'm just a little klutzy, with the occasional stumble on the stairs, dropping papers, not that bad. But I never was one to test my equilibrium with knives. That seemed like I was just asking for trouble. Even if Glorfindel was helping me, I knew I would make a total fool of myself. It wasn't worth it. "Maybe you should try these studies to see if you enjoy them," the Elf Lord offered. "And then you can decide whether to continue them." I huffed. Arguing with a powerful Elf Lord almost seemed futile. "Well, fine. But don't expect me to come skipping through the forest to meet you to play with knives ." ----------------------STOPHERESTOPHERE--------- Phew! That's over! Sorry, I didn't really have a better cut-off point. I just started writing and didn't want the first chapter to be too long. Can't have y'all getting your hopes up about long ones! Glorfindel: Unless we're referring to my long one. Wow, inappropriate! Let's keep those comments to ourselves, ey? Haldir: Oy, missus! Uggghh, what now?? You're not even supposed to be here! Get outta here! Haldir: What and leave you with the guy who wasn't even in the movie? Glorfindel: Like it's my fault that fat Kiwi replaced me with a chick ! 'Scuse me? Glorfindel: Oops... Haldir: ooOOOohhh, you're in trouble now! Well, guys, while I punish two v. bad Elves, review! Please?