meant he was not even aware of Arvain by his side handing the standard to someone else to hold. All he could focus on was the pale figure on the ground, his dead horse lying nearby, having rolled off his leg at last in its death throes. Halladan was crouched beside the figure, his father's hand in his and his arm underneath his back so he was near enough holding Halbarad in his arms. Aragorn was standing beside them, his face taut with his distress. As Hirvell neared them, his shock written on his face, Aragorn looked up. Hirvell did not need to ask. The look on Aragorn's face said everything. Halbarad was still alive, but mortally wounded. Even though Hirvell could not see the wound, the amount of blood around his father, even on Halladan as he held him, told him all he needed to know. Halbarad was dying. Arvain's cheeks were wet with tears as Hirvell crouched on the other side of Halbarad, his face set and hard as he struggled to control his emotions. Halbarad, pale and breathing shallowly and with difficulty, was trying to speak despite Halladan's insistence that he should not. He did not even see Hirvell, so intent was he on speaking to his eldest son. "You... you have made me proud this day... All three of you," he gasped. "I have always been proud of you... Your mother also... You have grown to be fine men... proud Dûnedain and noble..." "Please, father, do not try..." "Nonsense... if not now, then when, Halladan?... You had proved yourselves worthy... before this... but now you are men... great men, indeed... Elbereth smiles on you." He stopped, struggling to fill his lungs with the air he needed to continue. Halladan exchanged a glance with Hirvell opposite him and then with Arvain standing nearby. Arvain's distress was clear on his face, while Hirvell was pale with rage and grief, his eyes blazing. "I must," Halbarad wheezed. "I must... ask you to do something..." Halladan turned to him once more. Halbarad had to catch his breath and gain his strength with near every phrase he said. His voice was so quiet that Hirvell, on the other side of him, could now no longer hear him. "Halladan... you remember I told you... of Lady Pen-ii... the woman I found... I told you her story..." "Yes, father," Halladan said quietly, his eyes filled with tears. "Tell her... tell her Lord Elrond told me... he told me everything..." His voice was failing and Halladan had to bend closer to hear him. "This... this is not her fault... I knew... It was my choice... she must not blame herself..." Halladan nodded, unable to speak. His father had told all three of them about Penny, but had spoken about her most to Halladan. It cut Halladan deeply to now hear his father had known for certain that he faced his death in journeying south. "Will... you tell her?" "I will," Halladan managed to gasp out at last in a near sob, his throat tight as he struggled to contain himself. "Promise me, Halladan... I need you... to promise me that..." Halbarad's breathing was slowing, coming more difficultly with each rise and fall of his chest. His voice was cracking, quietening. Halladan knew his father was slipping away from him. "What, father? What would you have me promise?" "Promise me... that you will... look after her... as I told you I would..." There was again a lengthy pause while Halbarad struggled to find the strength within him to continue speaking. "Fulfill... my duty... by her... for me." "I will. I promise." There was a faint smile on Halbarad's lips, even a vague nod. "Good... It is well... She is alone... she needs..." Suddenly he gasped and coughed, and a trickle of blood trailed from the corner of his mouth. His breathing was now a mere faint rasp. "Pain... is easing..." Halladan gave him a weak smile. He glanced up once more to catch his brothers' eyes and saw Arvain kneeling now, weeping openly; and while Hirvell's face was still hard, his cheeks were wet with tears. Halladan felt the grip on his hand increase a little. "I have... missed... your mother..." Halbarad whispered, a smile on his face. "Now I will... see her once more... that pleases me." Another spasm shook his body as he murmured with a gasp, "Elbereth Gilthoni..." And then, with a long, low sigh, Halbarad, Dûnedan of the North, died. Halladan, still holding Halbarad in his arms, wept. Author's Notes : I was not going to make Halbarad standard-bearer till I read this passage in 'The Battle of the Pelennor Fields' (ROTK): "There came Legolas, and Gimli wielding his axe, and Halbarad with the standard, and Elladan and Elrohir..." 'Hamstringing', for those of you who don't know, is a particularly unpleasant activity, which involves cutting the hamstring tendon behind the knee. Apart from meaning you're crippled, invariably the main artery behind the knee tends to get sliced open in the process which is why duellers used to wear pads behind their knees sometimes. Blood does indeed rust a sword – they would have had to be kept meticulously clean, and even then rust spots would develop over time. It's because of the proteins in the blood. Tissue will do the same thing. It's why surgery nurses and such get so paranoid about cleaning instruments, besides the contamination factor. For what it is worth, I had already decided that Elrond told Halbarad even when I was writing the last chapter of "Don't Panic!". It was only later that I was reminded that Halbarad in fact foretold of his own death in front of the door to the Paths of the Dead (thanks, MumstheWord). So this is no longer pure poetic licence, I would argue. Penny did not tell Elrond when Halbarad would die – which battle – and so Halbarad did not know, only that he would not return to the North.