muttered and took a deep breath. She turned to her husband who was sitting beside her at the head of the table. "Thranduil" She started as he turned to look at her, a smile on his face, "I have something I need to tell you." "What is it, my love" His expression turned into one of concern. "I'm going to have an elfling" She rushed out, biting her lip. Thranduil's eyebrows shot up, he wasn't sure if he had heard his wife right or not. "What" he breathed. Adilya repeated herself slower and shock registered on the Kings face. A tear escaped from the Queens eye, she thought Thranduil was angry and disappointed for he didn't say anything for a few moments. The guests had quieted, sensing something wasn't quite right. "Are you terribly disappointed?" Adilya whispered, suddenly feeling self-conscious. Thranduil's eyebrows shot up once again, "No, oh no, my love! This is fantastic!" he practically shouted standing up, bringing his wife to her feet as well. He gave her a bone-crushing hug and whispered, "Is it true? Are you sure?" "I'm positive" By this time all the elves were staring at them, wondering what on Middle-Earth was going on. Thranduil suddenly let go, "I didn't hurt you did I?" Adilya laughed, "No, you didn't hurt me." She glanced out towards the crowd, who still had looks of confusion on their faces. "Why don't you tell our people they will soon be getting a Prince or Princess?" Thranduil nodded his head and turned out to the crowd, "People of Greenwood the Great, I have just received some wonderful news that I am sure will please you as well..."He trailed off and Adilya nodded for him to continue, "Adilya, that is the Queen and I, are expecting our first child" A huge shout of happiness came from the crowd, everyone started talking at once about the new elfling that would soon come into the wold and calling out congratulations to their King and Queen. Thranduil looked to his closest friends who were sitting around him. Elrond was on his other side, Arwen in his lap, Celebrian was beside him and Belegyril was sitting next to Adilya. They all had knowing looks on their face. It dawned on Thranduil that they didn't look the least bit surprised, "You knew?" It came out more as a statement rather than a question. "Well..." The three adult elves drew out. "I knew too Uncle Thranduil! I even felt the baby! I can't wait to have someone to play with." Arwen grinned climbing into her 'Uncle's' lap. Thranduil couldn't help but smile at the child and hold her closer. The King cocked his head, "How far along are you, Adilya?" "Well...sooner than you think, Belegyril and I wager sometime in the spring." Thranduil was shocked, "In only six months..." he whispered, voice cracking, "Why didn't you tell me sooner? How did you hide the elfling this long...surely you are already showing" "It wasn't easy, Belegyril and I have been modifying my dresses but those were about to stop working and for telling you sooner...I tried, trust me, I tried. I was going to tell you a couple of months ago after I found out myself but then you were worried about the encroaching darkness and made the decision to stop trying for a child, I didn't want to to tell you then. A week ago I tried to tell you but was interrupted by wine, tarts, guards and those three," she gave a pointed glance towards Elrond, Celebrian and Belegyril who had sheepish grins on their faces. "Are you really, truly happy about the elfling?" Adilya turned to her husband. "Oh Adilya! I have never been happier than I am in this moment." He put his hand on top of hers, his eyes suspiciously bright. "I love you so much." "We have a lot to plan and only six months to do it in!" Thranduil exclaimed, turning to his friends, Arwen still in his lap, "Elrond, will you deliver the elfling?" The Elf Lord smiled, "I wouldn't have anyone else do it, no offense meant Belegyril" "None taken, as long as I get to help" The elleth responded, taking a sip of her wine. "Celebrian you must stay to help Belegyril and I prepare the nursery" Adilya gushed. "Oh I'd love too, Arwen can stay too" "I wish we knew exactly where Elrohir and Elladan were, I want them to know about the elfling...I would like them to be here" Adilya sighed, upset that they probably wouldn't know about the elfling till they came home and no one really knew when that would be. "I know, in their last letter they said they had two more settlements to visit and then would be on their way home." Elrond informed. "Oh that's wonderful news! I think Aradhelon is having a hard time finding people to volunteer to try out his weapons exercises and Celegnir and Turon is starting to miss the twins pranks" The King chuckled, as he looked towards his friends who were sitting with the warriors. "Thranduil, I just thought of something...This elfling will be the youngest elf in all of Arda" Celebrian pointed out. "Aye, we must secure the palace even more now that we have a Prince or Princess on the way" The King thought out loud. "So where is the nursery going to be?" Belegryil asked Adilya. "Well, close to Thranduil and I obviously, I suppose we will have to build adjourning chambers to ours..." Talk of this elfling went on all that night and somehow spread through the night to all the elven realms and even some human settlements. Everyone was over-joyed to hear of the impending birth. The next few months were filled with preparations and much letter writing in between Rivendell and Greenwood. The End Thanks for reading. I hope you enjoyed it, more will be coming your way so stay tuned! Fav and Review! Elvish Vocab: Ada-Dad/Daddy Nana-Mommy