of the mountains and came towards Isengard from the north. The mountains offered more cover than the plains on the western side. It took her two days by foot to reach the outskirts of the fortress. Before continuing, Cerin shifted her bow and quiver under her dark green cloak. She smeared mud over her face and hands and hid her hair under her hood. Once disguised, she waited until dusk and ascended the mountainside on the north side of the valley. She came across a level area along the side of the mountain. It was easier to traverse and did not look like anyone had traveled it before. She moved quickly along this path closer to the target. Soon Cerin came across a hidden outcrop in the stone that offered a clear view of the valley below. Staying low, she set about observing what lay below her. The usually green land looked blackened. The once plentiful trees that surrounded the tower were gone. Great holes in the earth sprinkled the area. Large plumes of black smoke rose from these holes. Cerin could see flickers of fire light there at the openings and the air was filled with the sounds of metal clanging. As time passed, Cerin saw short black figures scurrying across the deadened ground. They had to be orcs, if Elrond described them correctly. The ghastly figures ripped down more and more trees, chopping the wood, and throwing it down into the pits. The black smoke kept rising and the sounds of metal work continued through the night. Cerin stayed and watched for a week. Over that week, the land died even more from the resources being continuously stolen. The sky had a permanent dark cast from the constant fumes. In those seven days, the forges had never stopped and the number of orcs running around kept growing. Alarmingly, another set of beasts appeared. They were taller and stronger than the orcs but had the same black skin. They sported a painted white hand on their skin and armor. She was running out of food and water by then, and as the orc numbers grew so did her risk of being caught. With the knowledge that Saruman was no longer an ally, Cerin removed any trace of her presence and made her way from the rocky outcrop under the cover of night. She moved quickly down the mountainside and away from the fortress. Once out of immediate view of the valley, she ran. Cerin ran until she tired and stopped in the early light of the dawn under the cover of the thick trees. After washing the dry, itchy mud from her skin and resting, she set out again. It was another day before she reached the area where she had left Greatheart. She whistled loudly every once in a while and continued walking. After some time, she heard leaves crunching and twigs snapping to the west of her. From the dense forest came the black bulk of her horse. "Let me have a look at you," Cerin said while running her hands over his thick coat, "I am glad you have fared well, Greatheart. Did you have any trouble?" He snorted and whipped his mane in a proud manner as she strapped her pack down and mounted. "I thought not," she laughed then nudged him into motion. Again they traveled hard. The days were long and tiring and the nights offered little rest. Sleep did not come easy when the darkness was filled with the howls of wolves. She took to lighting a fire each night. The danger of what lay in the dark was greater than the danger of being found. She was ten days away from Imladris when she came across a party of orcs. She figured them to be scouts because their group was so few in number. They had spotted her, but even if they hadn't she could not let them reach her home. She met them with her bow and then sword. She was almost done when the last one charged her. It swung wildly for her head and landed a cut to her cheek. She cursed while dodging and stabbed it clean through the chest. Cerin wiped her sword on one of the corpses then continued towards home. At dawn on the day of the Council, she approached the gates of Rivendell once more. The guards allowed her entrance and she rode Greatheart to the entrance of the stables. Too tired to take care of the horse, she handed him over to a stable boy who she knew liked to spoil the animal. Cerin tiredly walked to her chambers. Before entering, she caught a maid and requested a meal be brought to her room. The travel weary woman went straight to her bathing room and enjoyed a hot bath. Her stiff joints and muscles rejoiced at the pampering. After a long soak, she donned clean travel clothes and relished the hot meal that awaited her. She knew she would not be able to speak with Elrond before the Council, so unfortunately she most likely would have to share her findings in front of everyone. That possibility made her nervous. Not every race attending listened to their women let alone allowed them at a war council. ' Well, they will just have to accept my presence or deal with Elrond. I was invited ,' she thought sourly. Tired, but clean and full of food, Cerin walked to the garden where the Council was to be held. Voices came from the area and became clearer as she approached. Turning the corner, she spied the seated circle of men, dwarves, and elves. A small hobbit and Mithrandir sat on one end together and Elrond stood before them all. She arrived just as a man claimed the bane of her existence was a gift. It appeared that she missed the start and would have to interrupt in order to join them. Elrond hated interruptions. *.*.*.*.* TBC