"I suppose," I said modestly. "Do you enjoy it?" he asked. "Very much," I replied. "I see," he said. "My father may provide you with some interesting work." "Oh?" I asked politely, though I already knew anything having to do with King Thranduil would be, at the least, 'interesting work'. "The sorts of things that tend to happen in the Mirkwood are generally not normal," he replied. "But what is 'normal'?" I mused. Legolas laughed, and it was a light, airy thing, fresh like a burst of sun through treetops. It made me smile in return. "I'd say if we had to set a standard for normalcy, that your home would be a good bar-set," he said. "Oh, Rivendell is the standard for normalcy, is it?" I asked, amused. "It's so normal in Rivendell," he said. "I should say it seems that way to me, since it is to what I am accustomed," I said. "And it seems that way to me, also, even though I am not accustomed to it," he replied. "Perhaps there is some merit to your judgment," I said. "We've never had a single giant spider in Rivendell, not once." "I've always thought the level of normalcy in a place is exactly opposite to the number of giant spiders that reside there," said Legolas. "Ah, numerical analysis, I do like your thought process, Prince Legolas," I said, smiling. "I shall confide in you that I love numbers," he replied. I was certain at that point that I would like the prince quite a lot during my stay in Mirkwood. We arrived at a set of beautifully carved pale wood doors which, immediately upon our arrival, were opened by two armored, silent guards. The cave within was vacuous, so much so that the amber light became distantly diffused with sea-green, and the deep, thick roots of ancient trees wove where they would and a pale wooden path was built around it towards a pale throne that looked as if it had been crafted of a cacophony of trees, bones, and antlers. "Well," said Legolas' small voice in the large space. "Here we are." He sounded hesitant, and I wondered why as we walked towards the distant throne. The light was different in here; a stray ray of sun made it through the amber haze and purple shadow and struck the edge of the throne, blooming it white, and there upon the throne, as I drew near, sat the brooding elf-king of Mirkwood. He was, perhaps, the single most haughty-looking elf I had ever laid eyes upon, and I had seen many elves. His hair was blond, I suppose, but in the ray of light it looked white to me, clearly Sindar. His posture spoke volumes about his method of rule. I knew at once from the way he lounged and the way his leg was crossed over the other, he was daring everyone to challenge him. His pale eyes spoke as if he might be waiting for it, waiting for the challenge, for I could see that in the crushing of challengers did the elven king gain pleasure. I surmised his other pleasure would be in the absolute rule of his kingdom, and perhaps in picking out lavish robes in the morning. Indeed, I took him immediately to be a controlling, vain sort. I knew then that I must execute caution in all my dealings with this elf. Also, I became quite sure he was probably, at least partially, insane. As we grew close, he rose with grace and control, too much control. "Legolas," he said, his voice smooth, again with more control than seemed normal, as if he overcompensated for something beneath the surface. "Who have you brought?" "Lady Eren of Rivendell has arrived, Father," said Legolas. "Your new royal scribe." I did the normal thing and curtsied for the king, in the normal way, but I did find myself wondering if normal would pass as abnormal in this place. "Your majesty," I said, normally. He gazed upon me for a moment, as if working to discern the purpose of my existence. "A royal scribe," he said, stepping down from his elevated position to regard me even more closely. He was tall, unusually so, and despite knowing he was using his height to his advantage, I still found myself fighting back the feeling of being intimidated. "How unusual that the daughter of Elrond should want to fill such a lowly position of her own free will." I wondered if he'd already figured me out before I'd even been able to say more than three words. "What better way to further hone my skill than to serve as scribe to the elven king?" I said, digging into my own excuses. "Have you no masters to learn from in Rivendell?" he asked, almost amused by my proposed method. "I do," I said, and he tried to intimidate me with his gaze, but I held it, knowing should I falter he would win, at least a little bit. "But I have nothing left to learn from any of them." He raised an eyebrow at that, glanced over me, and then suddenly the pressure released; he drew back and the interrogation was over for now. He turned aside at once and I felt dismissed. "Very well," he said. "Legolas, turn her over to the court master and let her begin her work. We shall see if she is as good as she claims in time." "Yes, Father," said Legolas, and the prince turned to me, an interesting expression in his eyes. Was it relief? As the carved wooden doors to the king's hall closed behind us, the prince didn't even try to hide his relief. I had to inquire. "Prince Legolas, were you worried about something?" I asked. Legolas cleared his throat delicately. "Of course not," he said, and he gave me a small smile reminiscent of green leaves illuminated by the glow of sunshine. He was lying. - ooOOoo-