"I'm fine, I'm fine" he replied. "I just don't like the way that snake is staring down at me." Legolas looked up at the figure who was now squinting down at them. All of a sudden it called out "Eomer! Eomer! You've come for me! I just knew you would!" "Who are you? I've never seen you before in my life." "It is me, Grima." "Oh you…you filthy snake." "Eomer, why are you being so nasty? I thought you loved me?" Grima sniffled slightly. "Me? Love you? Hahaha!" Eomer looked shifty and he was beginning to feel not a little guilty at the hurt look on Grima's face. But what could he do? Here he was surrounded by the paragons of good, he couldn't well go and admit to loving one of their greatest enemies now, could he? He wasn't that stupid, despite the rumours that annoying sister of his had been spreading about him. "But Eomer, what about that last night together when you came to my chamber and…" "I do not know what you are talking about", Eomer cut him off quickly. "You are clearly delusional." He turned to Legolas, shook his head sadly and whispered again "Clearly delusional." The elf looked at him with sympathy and turned to face Grima. "You leave him alone you!" he called up. "He doesn't want you pestering him with all your sick sexual fantasies. Go on, shoo now." Grima did just that, running inside crying. He was swiftly followed by a much narked Saruman. Aragorn came and grabbed Legolas. "How about me pestering you with all my sick sexual fantasies" he suggested. Eomer turned and looked at them. Legolas, oblivious to his friends scathing gaze, dragged Aragorn off to find some convenient (and dry) ruins. Eomer watched them go and shook his head. Those two were insatiable! He soon found himself distracted though when Grima reappeared on the balcony and began hurling things down at his head as hard as he could, whilst keeping up a running commentary of all the nasty names he could think of. It was the turn of the others in the group to shake their heads now. They sighed in exasperation and sat back to enjoy the floor show. "Hey stop that! Ow! Grima! What are you doing? Ouch! That one had sharp corners! Grima! Look I'm sorry! Ooh bugger!" This last comment had been caused by something round, shiny and very very hard bouncing off of his head. Eomer fell over and one of those little guys went running after the pretty ball that was boinging down the steps. Gandalf came and took it from him. It must have been important because a moment later there was a loud yell from the tower followed by a series of yelps. Eomer tried to smile around his headache as he thought of Grima being kicked on the bum by a very, very narked wizard. Heehee! Ow! Now all the entertainment appeared to be done everyone decided to go and get some lunch, the Halflings leading the way. Grima meanwhile had managed to outrun his master and was brooding in a shadowy room in the tower where he was sure he wouldn't be found. He could not quite believe that Eomer had denied him so. How nasty could one person get? Well, he would show Eomer. He would cast a spell upon him that would be sure to make the man rue the day he had ever been so mean to him! Humph! So it was that Grima Wormtongue set about playing with magic he didn't understand, let alone know how to use. However, he had seen Saruman cast the same spell on several occasions and he was 89 percentconfident of success. What's so hard about waving your hands in a mystical manner and saying some silly words? "Oh yes" he thought to himself "this will be good." Elsewhere Legolas and Aragorn were getting their daily dose of exercise out of the way. They had found themselves a nice comfy ruin and were just getting down to business when a strange 'TINKLE, TINKLE, TINKLE' could be heard. "Did you hear that?" "Hear what?" "It sounded like a little bell or something." "You're imagining things Legolas. Now do you think you could possibly…?" "I am not imagining things! I distinctly heard a little tinkle!" "Look, there are no bells or anything like that around here. What do you suppose made your 'little noise' then? Hmm? Now, if you could just…" "It's no good Aragorn. I'm going to have to go find out what that noise was or I'm sure I will go quite mad with wondering." Legolas stood and began to look for his clothes. "But, but Legolas!" Aragorn cried pathetically. Legolas looked down at the man and sighed. "Oh alright then. But be quick. I'm really intrigued about that sound…" Grima was busy looking out the window. He was trying to find Eomer. He wanted to see if his spell had worked and whether the horse lord was all…well, we don't need to tell you that. It would just upset those dear readers with delicate stomachs. But as he searched what should he see? Lo! It was Legolas and Aragorn emerging from their hidey-hole to go ask the others if they knew anything about little tinkles. He watched the figures amble along for a bit when one of them turned to look up at him. And as Grima locked gazes with Aragorn he realised his spell had gone utterly, utterly wrong. Aragorn and his little love bunny were ambling along on their way to ask the others about that stupid sound that had just prevented him from getting a full work out, damn it, when out of the corner of his eye he thought he espied someone. He turned to look at them. And as his gaze locked with that of Saruman's servant, Aragorn, son of Arathorn, and future King of Gondor realised that he was in love!