busy breaking up another stupid fight between the orcs, that blasted elf had somehow managed to free himself, get his sword and horse and leave the Orthanc. Too angry to even think how that could have happened he raced to the top of his tower and began to chant. A sheer unsurpassable wall of thorny vines filled every free inch of mirkwood forest. And every single spider heeded the wizards call to trap the young prince. But Elladan was not to be deterred. He would lift the curse off his princess and he would make her happy! And nothing would stop him from doing that! He hacked at the thorns and the spiders and slowly managed to form a path. Saruman almost howled with anger. Those useless spiders couldn´t even wrap one little princeling in their nets! He wondered why he even had underlings if he had to do everything himself anyway. His chanting changed and with it his form. He grew huge and dark, deep red flames surrounding his shadowy form. Roaring the balrog charged after Elladan. He could feel the heat before he saw its cause. Elladan turned just in time to block a hit of the balrogs fiery whip with its sword. Then another. The elf was mercilessly pushed towards the edge of a cliff, dangerous thorns waiting below. Just as Saruman followed the elf to give him the final push, the rock began to crumble. He looked down. The brief second of distraction was enough for the elf. With a shout he rammed his sword deep into the chest of his attacker. As the whole weight of the dead balrog crashed into the cliff the rock finally gave way. It crushed into the thorns below, taking Elladan and Saruman with it. Now wounded from the fall and covered in scratches the young lord moved onwards. As he reached the entrance to the Palace Galadriel appeared before him. "Worry not, I shall heal your wounds. Radagast will restore the forest and Gandalf shall take care of Saruman. Everything will be as it should for your wedding." "Thank you grandmother." Completely restored Elladan walked past the sleeping guards towards the great hall. There he saw his father deep in slumber, right next to king Thranduil. His brother lay sprawled out in the middle of the room, snoring lightly. Elladan chuckled and went on. Up the stairs and through the hallways until he reached the chambers of the princess. Taking a steadying breath to calm his nerves he entered. And there she was. Beautiful, just like when he had first met her in the forest. Slowly he walked towards her. How was it possible for hair to look so soft? He studied her face for a moment longer, then he bent down. Slowly closing the gap between them he softly kissed her lips. He lifted his head a little and saw her eyelids flutter. The first thing Bregadaneth saw as she opened her eyes was him. Black hair, silver eyes and the most loving expression she could imagine. But how was he here? Wasn´t she a princess now and he was just a hunter? Why had she been asleep in the first place? Carefully she sat up, Elladan helping her. Only now she noticed that he was not clad in the simple outfit she had last seen him in. Once she was standing she locked her eyes with his once again. Unable to find her voice she merely took his offered arm and let him lead her out of the room and along the hallways, lightly blushing at the longing look he gave her. "You are even more beautiful than I remember you to be, my princess." He said smiling softly before leading her down the stairs into the great hall. Everyone had already awoken and there was a mild confusion. People wondered how they had ended up on the floor and what was the young lord doing still lying on floor, snoring? Before it could get any more embarrassing for the still sleeping Elrohir, Legolas went to wake him up and get him to stand next to lord Elrond. Suddenly the murmuring stopped and all eyes went to the top of the stairs. Elrond couldn´t believe his eyes. Just hours ago his son had declared his love for some peasant and had had the nerve to let his younger brother take his place, and now he was walking down the stairs making doe eyes at the princess. King Thranduil and Legolas both stepped forward, their eyes glued to the princess. She stepped away from Elladan and shyly greeted her family, not really knowing what to do until the two ellyn pulled her into a hug. "My daughter…my daughter. So beautiful. Forgive me for everything being so sudden, but the curse!" "I know, father and there is nothing to forgive. You did what you thought was best for me." "Surely Radagast told you of the third reason for this feast apart from your return and begetting day?" "Yes. I am to marry lord Elladan of Imladris." Sadness overcame her as she thought of the ellon behind her. He had broken her curse and now she was to marry another. She did not even know his name. "Indeed, but know that the two of you shall be living in Lasgalen so that both I and your brother can make up for the lost time. But now, as tradition goes a wedding begins a dance between the betrothed." The king stepped back and Bregadaneth found herself in the middle of a large circle. All around her people were eagerly watching her every move. Suddenly the ellon that had awoken her stepped forward and bowed. "I am Elladan Peredhel, oldest son of lord Elrond of Imladris. May I have this dance?" And with a cheeky smile he extended his hand for her. A wave of relief washed through her and with a radiant smile she took his hand. She was finally home.