all mighty lurch of hysterics all around. The creatures had broken through all the sudden they were moving again being pushed and pulled in all directions. And she was suddenly pushed to the floor in a corner, out of the way and in a heap. She rolled over onto her side and saw that he creatures were orcs and they were attacking a group of men a dwarf, four children and an ELF! Maybe she could help them. If she could only reach her pocket and get the Entsap that she carried with her. She struggled to reach her left pocket but in vain. "Miss? What are you doing in a place like this?" A high pitched voiced asked her. "P-pocket" was all she could say. She felt some one searching through her pockets and remove the flask. "Miss? Is this what you wanted?" the voice asked. She nodded her head and tried to reach for it but couldn't find the strength to lift it. "Mouth." she forced out. The owner of the voice came closer and lifted her head and helped her down a little of the sticky liquid. It was tough to sallow but she managed. She felt her strength returning to her and she managed to lift herself up. "Miss-" "It's alright." She said. "the Entsap healed me." She took the flask back from him and tucked it into a deep pocket. She then looked up and saw that the owner of the voice looked not but a child. But she then realized the pointed ears and hairy feet. 'He must be one of the Halfling's.' She thought to herself. "Tell me little one tell me your name." "Peregrin Took, My Lady." "Well- Watch Out!" She cried. And she leapt into action. She pulled Pippin out of the way just in time to see another halfling smash into the wall, a spear wedged between his ribs. There was no way he could be alive. "Stay here!" she instructed. She quickly grabbed a dead orcs sword and killed the first one that came at her. One became 7 and 7 became 18 and the level of dead orcs that lay around her became many. When there were no live orcs that she could kill, she lowered her weapon. And went to check on the halfling she had met earlier when she soon discovered that everyone in the room was crowed around one spot. The halfling she had met looked up to see were she was. When he spotted her he quickly announced to the group: "Hey look! There she is!" everyone turned to see were he was pointing. There was the wizard, the elf and the two men. She assumed that the other halflings were behind them. She then recognized the elf. "Legolas?" she whispered. She raised a hand to her mouth and began to back away. Legolas slowly got to his feet and a look of recognition came upon his face. Lenethae suddenly sprinted out of the room. "Wait!" He called after her but she kept on sprinting. How could this be! 'he's dead! It's just an illusion! He's not really there! He's dead!' tears formed in her eyes. She remembered the day she received the letter telling her that he had died, the day that he had left, not intending to die and the days in between the departing and the future that had ruined what they were to have. She soon could not take and other step. The Entsap was great for fast recoveries but it wasn't magic. She stopped to take a breath and leaned forward on her knees. So the letter had not told the truth. She was going through the three stages. Shock. Panic. Realization. And where on earth was she? And then she remembered the attack on her village. The blue light, the leaving her body, then waking up a prisoner here. This was all to confusing. She looked up to see if Legolas had fallowed her. She could see the faint outline of someone moving in the distance. Weather it was Legolas or an orc she did not want to see ether of them. So she took a swallow of air held it in and began to run. Whoever it was that she had seen saw her and gave chase. Whoever it was they had remarkable speed and were gaining quickly. 'please, please let me a lone!' She could no longer hold in the breath clawing at her lungs and she exhaled letting the air shred her lungs. "STOP! STOP!" She heard voices calling after her but she dared not stop, she only quickened her pace, witch she knew would regret later if the chase kept up much longer. Finally she gave up and let her pursuer meet her. Lenethae's thick burnet hair hide her face as Legolas approached cautiously as if making sure the elf that he had been chasing after for at least fifteen minutes was real or not. "Len-Lenethae"? he whispered. She Looked up through a curtain of her hair and saw tears in his eyes and knew that he was as surprised and scared to see her as she was him. "I thought you were dead . . ." he whispered In a frail tone that suggested deep emotion. "I thought they had killed you . . ." And he stepped forward and embraced her like he would never let her go again. She wrapped her arms around his waist and cried into his shoulder. Sobs that echoed throughout the caverns. She was suddenly overwhelmed with emotion and fainted in his arms. The last thing that she heard was Legolas call her name and the muffled sound of other voices before she completely lost herself in memories of pure bliss. Oblivious to the fact that she would take the place of one of the nine in the fellowship until he would re-claim it from her. Oblivious that she was in the arms of her forgotten lover.