you." I softly said, a weak smile on Bill's own face." Thank you" He replied gratefully. I gave a nod to him, and continued on my way. I looked to Legolas, noticing a bright smile on his fair face. " What?" I grinned. " It just amazes me about how much you are like your mother." He replied." Never selfish, yet always helping others." I trotted to his side, my eyes grave. " How do you know my mother?" Legolas would not answer my question, agitating me. " Legolas…" I called; my tone seemed to melt the elf's silence. He sighed when he realized I was dead serious, and answered," Your mother was an elven horse from Mirkwood. My father gave her to Théoden when his son Theodred was born in hopes to end the suffocation of their relationship." His sapphire blue eyes glanced into my ocean blue eyes, full of pain and hurt as he breathed in deep like he was holding something back that wanted out desperately. He didn't speak for a while, and I fell silent. At last he spoke again, his tone soft and low," I was raised with her. When I heard she had died giving birth to you, I was devastated." That wretched at my heart. It felt like someone had dropped a boulder in me and threw me over a cliff! The way he said that just set me on fire. I wished to turn on him, to unleash all my hurtful anger, but I simply glared at him and said," Well. Since you are robbed to see her son beside you and she is not, I will not let my presence bother you any longer." With that said I cantered away, leaving the elf to his shame. Yet when I went past Gandalf, he snagged my tail. I squealed and tossed my head at him, glaring back at him viciously. Despite my harsh looks, Gandalf gazed at me softly as he exclaimed," The elf meant no offense Tessar. He did not mean to hurt you." I flicked my tail, and Gandalf let go of my tail. " I do not believe you." I growled, and I sprinted off. I knew he couldn't understand me, yet it felt good to utter something. I galloped far and hard, yet making sure the fellowship was still in my sight, and lay down in the snow. The cold was somehow comforting in a really bizarre way. But never the less, it was comforting. I knew it was no good to go out pouting in the snow over what the young elf had said to me, but I stayed there, unsure of what I should do. I was just about dozing off until I heard the airy feet of Legolas upon the snow. I pinned my ears as I stood, snorting. I cocked my hind leg, threatening to kick if he came any closer. " I have not seen what your hooves can do to orcs, but I assure you, I do not wish to find out." I barely moved my head to look at him, ears cocked behind me to listen as the elf sighed," I apologize if I offended you. It was unintentional, please understand." I desperately tried to cling to my anger, yet Legolas' apology scraped it all away from my heart. " I forgive you Legolas, and I apologize for running off and making a fuss over something so small." I looked at the distance I could not see, yet I continued to pretend to see it. " It is fine to me if you are angry at me for my being, and I can understand that. I lost one I loved too…" Thoughts of Brushbe rushed in my head. It was true, for I did lose someone I dearly loved. " Tessar…" Legolas cooed, cautiously approaching me, and then resting his hand on my hard shoulder." I could never be angry at you for such reasons! You are my friend, not my despise." I nickered in appreciation as I turned my head to him, and lipped at him hands. He held then out for me to sniff and lick, and then rubbed my forehead. " So, what was my mother like?" I asked, feeling the elf hesitate before replying," Well, she was of a light chestnut color, white sprayed over her haunches and belly, a big white blaze running down her head. She was kind and gentle to all, even the enemy. She was basically my mother when my mother died, always there. Always caring for me…The last thing she ever said to me was:' Keep your chin up Legolas, and your eye on what counts in life. Never let it go once you have it, for when you lose it, it will hurt forever…" We remained silent together, not moving from our positions until I felt Legolas jump. " Legolas! Easy my friend!" Aragorn cried." Tis' only me." Legolas sighed, yet only sucked the breathe back in when Frodo fell in front of us, and began to tumble down the mountain side. " Frodo!" Aragorn cried, running to the hobbit's aid. He pulled Frodo to a halt, helping the dizzy hobbit to his feet. Almost immediately Frodo searched himself violently, eyes wide with fear. He looked up from his searching when Boromir picked up the Ring's chain from the snow and gazed longingly at it. " It is a strange thing that we should suffer so much pain and doubt. Over so small a thing…" As if he ware in a trance Boromir began to reach for the golden band, yet snapped out of it when Aragorn called his name sharply. " Give the Ring to Frodo." He ordered. Boromir grinned, huffing calmly," Fine. I care not." He held it out for Frodo to take, the young hobbit immediately snatching it away. Boromir chuckled, as he ruffled Frodo's hair and then slung his shield over his back, continuing on his way.