to me, It's voice comforting and warm. I feel long, gentle fingers run through my hair, entwining and twisting around my curls. The touch of It's smooth, cold fingertips run over my scalp and sit there, caressing and massaging. I sigh blissfully, feeling a twinge of a smile touch the corners of my lips and settling. How wonderful this feels, how splendid... With the other hand, the Ring begins to stroke the creases in my neck; the dips in my throat. It smoothes them out, rubbing away the dirt...cleansing me. I let out a low moan in my ecstasy at the touch that seems to be tickling my senses at times, and bringing me nearer to the brink of desire. " Relax..." They are my own words. "Frodo, dearest Frodo," It speaks again, a soft touch of lips brushing my ear. My eyebrows twitch. "Doth my desire to console please you, love?" O, yes, indeed. You carry feelings of pleasure I have not felt since I began this bitter journey... Mesmerised by the touch, I merely nod yes. A soft kiss keeps my cheek warm. The fingers return to my curls again, winding into them; leading them into tiny waltzes of merriment. The river of ash flows down my own throat and lays a fiery pit on my chest. The flicker of icy cold pierces my flesh for a second. I gasp. "I see great power in your heart," I hear It chuckle. " Great power, indeed." I feel my brow falling. Power? I don't have power... " Yess, " It hisses, the slicing raking across my goose bumps. " A power of such devastation...such control." I feel smoky breath caress the tip of my left ear. " Power matching the will of Lord Sauron. " My eyes dart open. "Sauron?" I – I must destroy...the Ring! Where is the Ring? I freeze inside as I feel my blood curdle. I slowly dart my vision to my chest where It is touching – fondling – where the chain lays bare! And then I feel my own touch graze cold metal... It is slipping the Ring into my hand! It wishes for me to become entranced! The soft hum of the Ring's song calls and beckons to my ears all of a sudden. I feel the gentle wave of sleep ensue...washing over me. I am plummeting... I am falling to it... I cannot let it – I must not let it... I cannot be Sauron – I cannot wield the Ring! " Be mine, Frodo...let our souls be one... " Oh, yes... I wish for that... perhaps more than anything at this time... I wish to rest... " Let me comfort you, Frodo-love...let me warm your tired body... " Yes... " We belong together, dear one. We do not have use for others. We do not need Sméagol...or Samwise." N...No. No! Sam! Sam ! I have need for him – NO! I will not let him be harmed – I will not let him alone in this place ! I hear my own voice, raspy and dry from the dust, as I pull and wrench my limbs away from that golden touch; my eyes are throbbing. "SAM! SAM!" I scream, wanting my pleas to be as loud as thunder in the clouds. Instead, I can barely hear them. A wave of gentle fury immediately coils around my fingers, squeezing gently. "No, no, dear Frodo," It whispers yet again, prickling the tips of my ears. "Relax – do not struggle now...calm yourself – huushhh. " Yet still I struggle. "SAM! Sam, help me !" I reach for his distant body with trembling fingers. " Please... " "Hush, I say!" Now the voice is fierce and threatening. The grip around my skin grows firmer. I wince. It is burning again ! I scream in pain. "SAAAM!" Whap ! A stinging slap restrains my cries and drags my body further away from that of my aid – my Sam! How can he not hear me cry for him? Does he not care? He must care... I care for him – I suffered for him ! " Quiil!" It bellows in my face, the sharp tongue of the Black Speech cuts my senses open; tearing them and leaving scars. "Fool! I shall harm Sam if you disregard my orders – did you not hear! I shall render his bones and you shall be alone!" I feel hot tears on my chin. My body is shivering. " You are alone. " It is then that I cease, relaxing my arms and legs in a bundle. I hear the last spoken words and feel a heavy weight grip my stomach. It is right. I am alone. Sam is not here...I am alone. I am fighting in my own, private battle. Sam can do nothing to help me. He does not understand. He does not understand all that happens whilst he dreams – so peacefully. He carries his own weight whilst I carry mine, and bear the scars that it leaves on my heart. He does not understand. It is then that the fog shifts once again, and for the first time on this dreadful night, I see myself staring into two warm, brown eyes, and imploring hands are squeezing my fingers...gently. "Mr Frodo?" asks a hushed whisper, as breath kisses my cheeks. The face is a blur. "What is it?" I sigh deeply against the smothering palm, my eyes swimming into his; moulding together...blues and gold and browns, as if to struggle and find yet another method to explain to him – to tell him of my capture in words that he may understand...! But then I realise. No. He does not understand. You cannot help me, Sam. I have come too far to be held back now. Leave me in my own sins. It is too late for me. - To be continued - -oOo- Black Speech Dictionary Zogtark burzum-ishi: Naked in the dark Quiil: Quiet