that she knew that Legolas was slowly coming back from his grief. Even from the Halls of Waiting, Ithilwen had saved him. Months had passed without any sign or signal from the Valar as to Ithilwen's whereabouts. As the days approached to the anniversary of the accident that took her from her loved ones, Legolas was beginning to believe that it had all been a joke, but there was a small part of him that told him not to lose hope just yet, that his Ithilwen would return to him. Finally, Mithrandir had come to visit again with news from the Valar. "Do not be alarmed," he began, which only seemed to raise their suspicions when he added, "Namos has had difficulty in finding a suitable form for Lady Ithilwen's fëa." "What kind of difficulty?" Morwen asked. "Is he not going to let her return?" Mithrandir's eyebrows rose in surprise. "Goodness, no! Nothing like that!" He cleared his throat as he brought his empty pipe out of his robe pocket. "No, it appears that there is not a suitable form for her fëa within the borders of Valinor." "Where else could he possibly find a form?" "In Arda," the old man said simply. "Ithilwen is to be reborn in the body of a mortal in what exists of Arda today. She will live her youth as a mortal until she approaches her maturity. During this time she will regain the memories of her past life as well as the body her fëa now occupies adjusts to its elven form." "But she'll grow up without her family!" Miraear stated, looking sadly to her friend. "How will she know that these memories are not illusions of the mind? There are no more elves in Arda! She will be completely alone in the world!" Legolas, who had been on the other side of the room and silent for much of this discussion stood up suddenly from his seat. "Then I must find a way to get to her," he said as he started to pace. "She is my mate. I cannot leave her to walk alone in the world." "That is well and good ion-nin, but how will you get to Arda? As far as we know the Straight Road only allows passage to Valinor." Mithrandir returned the pipe to his robe pocket, and shuffled something in another pocket. The elves watched as he extracted a folded piece of parchment that contained what appeared to be a map written in ink. "We thought as much," he mumbled, laying the map out flat on the nearby table as they gathered around. "Arda has indeed changed much since the last ship has left. The lands have broken and reformed so much that you would hardly recognize anything." "Why does that matter?" Miraear asked, getting irritated with his riddles. "You speak as if you know of a way to sail back!" "I do," he said, chuckling as they all froze. "Did you really believe I had brought this piece of parchment out because I am a senile old man? I assure you, my Lady, that this map will lead you back to Arda." "We can go back?" Legolas said at last. The idea sounded so far out there that he wasn't sure if he was dreaming or not. He was still trying to tell himself that Ithilwen's death was not a dream, even as he woke from the nightmares each night to find that her side of the bed remained empty. To be able to go back and find his mate all over again was daunting, but if he had the opportunity, he was not about to ignore it. "That is what I have been trying to say!" "Then you should speak clearer!" Both Morwen and Miraear told him. Legolas waved his hand to get everyone's attention. "There must be a clause to this. It simply cannot be that easy." "There is," Mithrandir nodded, "The Straight Road will open to the remains of the Gray Havens only once every seven years." He pointed to what appeared to be a small island on the map. "From there you will be close enough to shore to venture further into what I believe are the remains of Lindon. You will need to keep track of the years more carefully when you arrive so that you can properly prepare for your return." It would be complicated, but Legolas was dead-set on tackling this task with enthusiasm. He had no idea what he would find when he reached Arda, and he knew nothing of where Ithilwen would be. All he knew was that she would be there somewhere, and he was going to find her. In the next five years that passed, preparations were made to sail the Straight Road once more. A number of family members would not pass up the chance to take the adventure, even after arguments were made to suggest that only a few go. What followed thereafter was a long journey that held nervousness, excitement, and wary anticipation as to the changes the world of Men had brought upon Arda, as well as how and when they would locate Ithilwen. -x-x-x-x-x- A/N: What'd you think? I know - it's really depressing and I'm sorry! Believe me I had a good reason for writing the prologue like that. The next chapter won't be as tear-inducing, I promise! And remember, this story isn't a rewrite of Call Me Maybe! It's AU, or better known as "naturally I get this idea after I'm halfway through my original idea with these guys". I hope you enjoyed this taste of my newest story while I work on the epilogues of Call Me Maybe. I've been watching the poll on my profile and will work on all of the stories listed when time (and inspiration) allow, and given the way my brain works, it could be all at once at times! Let me know your thoughts on this one, I'm really curious!