itself. It allowed itself a very rare, very small smile. Gimli grinned back. "Och! You call that an axe? This is an axe!" He revealed his own superior weapon and saw the uruk-hai tremble in fear. There was a thud and an uruk-head landed on the ground, coming to a rest in front of a hysterical Grima. Gimli watched it come to a standstill before jumping into the air. "Och yes! Who's the dwarf? I'm the dwarf! 51 dead! Oh yeah! I've beaten my own personal best!" Just then Legolas skipped by, singing "501…502…503…504…" Gimli stared at him as he pranced off into the distance, before running off in a refreshed rage to kill more things. Meanwhile, Legolas too was having a grand old time. He was prancing around (yes, prancing), singing and randomly shooting at or slicing up the enemy. "This is easy! 505…506…so relaxing…507…508…509…la la laa!" he sang. "So refreshing after that damned week on that forsaken boat with THAT man! 510…511…512" he said viciously, stabbing one poor orc in the eye at the mere thought of Aragorn. Legolas paused to gather himself and skipped off again. "513…514…515…aah! Much better, so much fun!" Shortly after joining the Battle Eomer had found himself confronted with his sister. "You!" "YOU!" And that was that. The two siblings went their separate ways, determined to win their ongoing personal war once and for all by out-butching the other. Thus it was that a little later Eomer could be found on his horse, thinking of really manly ways to kill his enemies. Here, for our most esteemed readers, is his top five: 1) Bite their heads off! 2) Cut out their hearts, show it to them before they die, and pretend that the blood splatters that are slowly ruining his brand new battle outfit don't bother him at all. Nope. Not one bit. 3) Scream "Eowyn" really loudly and watch his enemies die of terror. 4) Grab a decapitated head and beat his enemies to death with it, pulverizing their remains into the ground whilst ranting angrily about his horse of a sister. 5) And the piece de resistance: give Legolas small amounts of pipeweed, tell him the orcs really want to be his friends, and let him loose. Eomer was jolted from his rather disturbing thoughts of his Butch Killing Spree (as he had named it) by a complete silence that had descended upon the field of Battle. Turning to see the reason for the halt in proceedings, Eomer was hoping to see something really impressive like the Witch-King or the Dark Lord or something. But when his eyes found the true cause of the disturbance, he fell helpless to his knees, raised his arms pleadingly to the sky, and screamed in anguish. "NOOOOOOOOOO!" Eowyn had spent the last half an hour nagging the Witch King. She had successfully covered numerous topics in this time, moaning at him about his attire, his language, his aggressive behaviour, and his shyness and lack of self confidence manifesting itself in his need to hide underneath a large cowl. As the battle raged about them the Witch King gave in and broke into sobs. He grabbed Eowyn and began weeping about how his subjects had never appreciated him when he was King, and how they had complained all the time about his autocratic rule over them, calling him a bad leader and other nasty names, and how his Master the Dark Lord was always woefully underestimating his ability as an evil acolyte just because he let his pretty ring get lost a few times. The list was endless, and Eowyn patted his cowl, murmuring "there, there" to him. She was feeling very smug again. Not only had she helped someone (a first for her, and man did it feel good!), but she had also managed to redeem the Witch King and bring him over to the forces of good. Now, if that didn't show her brother up once and for all then nothing would. Yes, today had been a good day… Her thoughts trailed off at that point, as Merry ran up towards her and proceeded to kill the Witch King. The hobbit paused to savour his victory. Quite unable to grasp what he had just done, Eowyn stared at him, shaking with fury. How dare this short-arse ruin all her plans! "You bastard! I was making real progress with him too!" She screamed an unearthly scream and slapped the now cowering Hobbit unconscious, breaking a nail with the sheer force of the blow. Her continued rage-induced shaking also caused her fake moustache to fall off. Sudden silence descended upon the Pelannor as men, orcs, horses, ringwraiths, uruk-hai, elves and a dwarf all turned to look at her. Someone near to Eowyn pointed at her and shouted accusingly "It's a woman! And she's killed the Witch-King!" "NOOOOOOOOOO!" A heart wrenching cry, full of anguish sounded across the field. Ah! There was her brother. Hysterical rider no. 28, our friend from previous sequels, had lost it completely at this latest revelation. He was pointing, hyperventilating and screaming "a woman, a woman! Aargh!" Aragorn held out his sword and rider no. 28 ran straight into it. Grima fainted as yet another head rolled past his hidey-hide. Overcome somewhat by happiness at finally having beaten her brother in a manner that transcended all time and doubt and would ensure her place in the History books, Eowyn joined Grima in a dead faint. Satisfied and reassured by this show of typical feminine weakness, the men recommenced the battle. Eowyn woke up in the Houses of Healing some time later. As she recalled the circumstances that had placed her here, she began to curse in a manner quite unbecoming a young lady. When she had finally run out of things to say (quite a while later, let us assure you), somebody spoke from the bed next to her. "How you doin'?" Eowyn turned to the owner of the voice and gasped.