standing on my decision, "No, I-I need to get back to my—er, children. I need to get back to them. Umm, yea. I thank you for what you did for me, and I will owe you. So, just find me at the plaza everyday if you need a favor," I started to back away, "Oh, and I can pick up Wyn at noon." But I stopped in my track, seeing the woman's hold on the child tighten and her worried expression looked down at him, so I added, "You know what," catching their eyes, "Wyn deserves a better family—a better life." "You want us to adopt him?" the woman said with emotion. Her husband turned around to hold his wife and the child. I nodded. "Yea, you two seem perfect for his upbringing. I don't want him to go through the orphan life." I walked away before they could say "thank you." I was overwhelmed with emotion, not sadness, but happiness that Wyn could now have a beautiful family to be raised up by. He gets to have a normal life now. Cyl met me, appearing out of the shadows. He took me into his embrace, shushing me as I cried, clutching his shirt. I'm not sure where I stood in this world, but I knew this was right where I belonged. Maybe, if I get taken into a good family and Cyl gets enough money, we could have that life like that couple. We could take in orphans and love on them, and also protect them out on the street like Strider did for me. "Come on now, Pri. It's time to head back to the kids," he nipped my chin with his hand I to try and cheer me up. I smiled through my tears up at him while he directed me with an arm around my shoulders towards the plaza. We began to head back to where our shack was located on the other side of the town, but we heard fast footsteps behind us. Cyl and I turned around just in time to welcome in the sight of Strider slowing down in front of us. I felt Cyl pull me in more, tightening his grasp on my shoulder as if I would be taken away by the stranger. "Strider," I said surprised. Why was he here? Did he forget to ask me another question? Did the couple send him to pressure me one more time? "Hello again, Capri," nodding his head towards me and also to Cyl, "friend of Capri. I just wanted to say, you don't have to go through the 'orphan life' either. Don't be afraid to lean on someone, whether they're a new adult, middle-aged, or elderly." New tears sprang up, which I roughly wiped from my face, "Th-thank you, Strider." I actually really wanted to hug him, but I held myself back from it. "Oh, and also," Strider said before he left, "The couple, Airon and Remheril, who took Wyn in, wanted me to tell you that you and your 'children' may stop by. She loves a full house and smiles," and for the first time, his lips curled up into a grin. I was speechless by the love, so Cyl answered for me to not be rude, "Thank ya, sir. Tell 'em we are grateful for their offer and tell Wyn that Capri will be visitin' tomorro'." Strider nodded, shaking the young man's free hand, "Take care, children. We expect you to be at the celebration. Remheril always makes too much food." "Don't they have family here?" Capri asked. "I wouldn't want the kids to feel like a nuisance and a burden even more." He shook his head, "Their family is far from here. They moved here last year when they were still traveling with us, but they wanted to settle down from the dangerous life of a ranger." "We will be there," she looked up at Cyl who seemed just a bit uneasy and suspicious, "At least most of us." "Good day, Capri, friend," and then he left back to the house. As I was being led away, I knew that I would never forget about that man. His words were etched onto my heart and will forever stay there. And for some reason, I felt like we were connected. Not just because we had the same colored hair and eyes, but something else. Just then, I realized something important—he was everything I wanted to be: courageous, protective, kind, and caring. Maybe not tomorrow, but someday, when I'm grown up with loving guardians and a family, I will go searching for him. I don't ever want to lose the memory of him and what he's done for me. So, I hope the future I will embark on would lead me back to Strider. Not just because he saved me or led Wyn to a great family, but because he gave me something I never knew could exist in my life: Hope. This was my first one-shot and no, I will not be continuing this. Sorry if this went a bit too fast or unrealistically "friendly" between Capri and Strider and friends, but I typed this all in one day. What I really wanted to get across, thanks to the use of Strider/Aragorn/Elessar/Estel (SO MANY NAMES) and my OC Capri, is that you can always make a difference in someone's life. Whether by action or words, you make an impact forever. And also, never think that nobody is watching or listening. Because (not trying to sound like a stalker) we are. I could tell this tale from someone else's view also, but perhaps later (or never, depending if I feel like not procrastinating). Oh and also, I FINALLY FINISHED SOMETHING AND ALSO WROTE A ONE-SHOT! WHOOOT! Shot two birds with one stone. Oh yeaaaa! Self-accomplishment, in your face(: I can now die comfortably knowing I lived my life well;) Good day and good night and all that's in between! Peace. R&R