back onto the floor. Eomer awoke and found himself snuggled up to somebody in a very comfortable fashion, in a very strange bed. He sighed in contentment. Ah! Life didn't get much better than this! He had won the War Against Ultimate Evil and was now King of Rohan, and to top it off he had had a very merry time at the party last night, waking up in a bed with somebody he didn't remember. But hang on, he hadn't had a good time last night, he had had to listen to Legolas complain for hours on end and then…it was a blank. He looked down at the person beside him just as he felt a second person cuddle him from behind. Crap! The Twins! "Good morning!" "How did you lure me here? What did you do to me? Get your hand's away from there!" "I think somebody's shy brother." "Indeed, and you know what that means…" Eomer panicked. "What does it mean? What does it mean!" The Twins grinned at each other and jumped Eomer. Thus followed a brief struggle between all involved before the man managed to wriggle his way out of the pile and sneak out the bedroom. It was only when the sound of trumpets distracted the elves a few minutes later that they realized Eomer was gone. "Damn!" Grima woke up suddenly, wandering what the blasting trumpets were for. Oh yes! They'd just won that Battle Against Ultimate Evil hadn't they – bastards! Depriving him of his livelihood like that! He began to think of exquisite forms of revenge that he could perpetrate against those do-goody victors he was now lumped in with when a groan from next to him caught his attention. He turned to look at the figure which lie beside him in the richly appointed bed, and felt his stomach drop when he saw Aragorn. All thoughts of revenge fled as he was reminded forcefully of the last time he had tried to wreck righteous vengeance upon somebody. Stupid Eomer! This was all his fault! He quickly turned away and began to dab at his eyes as tears threatened to spill. He still couldn't comprehend why Eomer had been so nasty to him back at Isengard and he just didn't understand why the man hadn't come to rescue him yet from the clutches of the would-be King. Said would-be King stirred beside him and Grima turned to shoot a worried glance at him, He was furthered unsettled when Aragorn noticed this and leered back at him. He jumped when he felt a hand touch him and in his surprise exclaimed "trumpets!" "So that's what you want to call it." Grima grew slightly more apprehensive at the tone to Aragorn's voice. He had sounded just like Eomer had used to before their only night of wild, unrestrained passion, and Grima soon found his suspicions confirmed when the would-be King promptly tried to tumble him. He squeaked in shock and tried to push Aragorn off but the man wouldn't budge. "You can blow my trumpet any time" Aragorn said, before he succeeded in giving his little nutmeg a passionate kiss. Which Grima was pleasantly surprised by. Who would have guessed that being kissed by Aragorn could be that nice, what with the stubble and the dirt and all. Actually, it felt kind of good, especially when the other man put his hand, yep, right there and oh! Eomer had never done that to him on their night together, and they had managed to get quite a lot done in such a short space of time. Mmm…and Theodred had never made that feel so good. And so they carried on for a few minutes more before, and our gentle readers should surely be glad for this, though Grima certainly wasn't now he was just beginning to enjoy succumbing to Aragorn's charms, their little tussle was rudely interrupted by another blast of trumpets. Grima tried valiantly to ignore them, but even having Aragorn use his tongue just there wasn't enough to distract him from the awful racket outside the window. Therefore with a bit of subtle persuasion he, well persuaded Aragorn to go see what was causing all that noise so that he could yell at it a bit and shut it up. And so Aragorn stormed impatiently over to the window as Grima settled himself into a more comfortable position in the big bed. "Shit, shit, shit!" Aragorn began to run wildly around the room in a very obvious state of near panic. "Shit, shit, shit! It's my father!" Grima watched as Aragorn began to scramble about for his clothes, sure he had seen this scene somewhere before. As random items of clothing were flung at him, something clicked. Eomer! That was where he has seen this previously, just before Aragorn and co. had ridden into Edoras and banished him. Hey! That's right! That bloody pretender had ruined his life, he had… Further thoughts were interrupted as Aragorn grabbed his hand and dragged him out of bed, whilst attempting to pull a robe over Grima's head. As he tried to re-adjust his clothing, Grima felt himself being pulled out of the room and down the corridor. AUTHORS NOTE: Well that is as far as we have been able to take this tale. We authors have been busily trying to think of a way to conclude this fic for over two and a half years and alas but the time has come for us to anounce defeat. But we would dearly love to tag a Grande Finale onto the end of this piece of nonsense, so if anyone out there can think of a way to resolve our little crisisthen we would love to hear from you. All ideas must fit in with the book and ideally should end after the marriage and coronation, and you never know! If we use your shiny little gem of literary geniusthen we might even remember to say thanks