the uncertainty of war, but she'd known that the life she bore would be precious to her family. The guards fell in behind her and Thranduil as they moved away from the Royal quarters, lending a sense of further comfort to Laurelas. They were safe. Thranduil was safe. Legolas sat high on his father's shoulders, pointing out different things to Thranduil and chattering excitedly, as though he was showing Thranduil around. Of course he did not know that his Adar was far more familiar with the palace than his short life gave him the opportunity to be. The elves they passed in the halls now seemed both surprised and pleased to see that their king had met his youngest son. Thranduil's grief had lightened, and he was gazing at his son in awe as the elfling chattered. It was not hard to find Alverior. He and the council had gone straight for the council chamber. Laurelas had no qualms about interrupting them, so she left her husband outside with Legolas, and entered alone. "-but without the King, you and your father have no power over the elves of the realm," Ūtíradien was saying coldly. His dark hair stood out starkly against his white skin, and his incredibly light blue eyes seemed to glow slightly in his anger. "At last the Silven elves may be left to our own devices!" "My lord, I was not aware that the Sindarin rule was so grating upon the Silvens," Laurelas interrupted before any other elf could say another word. All heads immediately turned towards her, and Laurelas could see relief in Alverior's eyes at the sight of his mother. "My lady," Ūtíradien bowing his head towards her respectfully, although he looked frustrated. Laurelas herself was half Silven, so his argument was less valid with her there. The other Silven council members also looked annoyed by Ūtíradien's insinuations. "I was just trying to explain that now the rule may be passed to another who might understand our ways better," Ūtíradien said, trying to recover from Laurelas's entrance. "You do not believe my husband fits those guidelines?" Laurelas asked smoothly, raising one eyebrow. "You think he does not understand the ways of the Silvens?" Once again Ūtíradien looked alarmed. He'd backed himself into a corner. "No my lady, it's just that-" "Who would you suggest as our new ruler?" Laurelas asked, completely ignoring the Silven lord's attempts to fix what he'd done. "No others have been trained in the ways of leading our people as he has, and he helped our King rule far more than any other member on this council." Laurelas allowed her green eyes to look around the room, meeting the eyes of every council member present. All but Alverior had stayed here while the war was fought. The fate of those who had gone was as of yet unknown other than Alverior, Gondien, and Thranduil. "My husband has risked his life to preserve this kingdom, and to protect the culture of the silven elves," Laurelas said, her eyes narrowing. "Those who say otherwise should take the time to think about their complaints before bringing them before the council. Now, I will be taking my son, and spending the evening with my family. If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to come and speak with us, but your time would be better spent with those family and friends that have just returned from battle." Laurelas nodded respectfully to the council, grabbed her son's arm, and dragged him out of the room to where Thranduil and Legolas were waiting. She wasn't surprised to see that Melui and Melimion had joined their father and younger brother. Legolas was sitting on Melui's lap now, while Thranduil spoke softly to Melimion. His eyes kept flickering over to Legolas, and every time they did, his whole expression softened. Alverior stood next to his mother, blinking in shock at the sight before him. "Who- what? What's going on?" he asked. " Adar , are you alright?" "Yes, Alverior, I am fine," Thranduil said softly, glancing up at his eldest son. "I feel better than I have for months." Alverior blinked, and turned to Melui, who had one hand on Legolas's shoulder. Legolas was staring up at Alverior with awe in his eyes, but it was clear that his older brother had absolutely no idea what was going on. "Whose elfling is this?" he asked gently, smiling down at the young one. "He is your father's and mine," Laurelas said, smiling. "Alverior, this is your younger brother, Legolas." From the widening of Alverior's eyes, that was something he had not expected at all, but then he smiled broadly, the happiest expression Laurelas had seen since he had returned home. Alverior knelt, bringing himself down to meet Legolas's eyes. After merely a moment, the elfling laughed, and flung himself into Alverior's arms. Laurelas watched as her children played with each other, even her warrior son disregarding his age and station, and breathed easy as she felt her husband move to stand besides her, taking her hand in his own. Her family may be grieving, but with their little light, their little Green Leaf, everything would be alright. . . . . So there it is, my foundation for the family of Legolas Thranduilion, and my entrance into LOTR fanfics. . Naneth/Nana- Mother/Mommy Adar/Ada- Father/Daddy Penneth- Young one/little one Gi melin- I love you Sevog I veleth nîn. Aphado nin- You have my love. Come with me. . My timeline: . 1.A. 152- Thranduil is born S.A. 123- Laurelas is born S.A. 1200- Thranduil and Laurelas are officially bonded together as man and wife. S.A. 1430- Alverior is born S.A. 3211- Melimion and Melui are born S.A. 3431- Legolas is born T.A. 2- Thranduil and the host of Mirkwood return. . Etymology of names: Thranduil- vigorous spring Laurelas- golden leaf Alverior- blessed protector Melimion- lovable Melui- lovable Legolas- green leaf . Bonus- Ūtíradien- blind, lit. Not seeing . . Review?