afraid of him rejecting me. But that has to change! I will try and try and try again!" With that Glorfindel left the study for his chambers, which had been shown to him beforehand. The next day Elrond could not believe the elf before him was the same elf he had worked with since forever. Erestors eyes were alive! He even wished him a good morning! That had never happened be!fore His face, even though still grim and cold, was no longer as stiff as it used to be. And all signs of fading had disappeared. "Erestor!" The door to the study was crashed open and Glorfindel came barging in. Elrond was worried that something had happened, but quickly learned otherwise. His advisor merely looked up from what he had been writing. "What is it, captain?" "Don´t call me that! We have known each other for so long we should be on friendlier terms!" Glorfindel pretended to sulk. Erestor sighed. "Fine. What do you want Glorfindel?" "Would you like to have dinner with me tonight?" "I will not answer that." Erestor panicked. How? Why? He probably needed someone to discuss Gondolin with. Yes, that was it. Still. He should not let the warrior to close. It would be so very embarrassing should he find out! Also, to hear the rejection aloud, would destroy what was left of his heart. "Why not? Please! I know no one here!" "Then meet them and get to know them." "But I want to get to know you." "Leave. I have work to do." "But" "Get out." With his head bowed sadly glorfindel left. Elrond was amazed. Erestor had actually talked about matters that did not concern work! And also…was he just blushing? The lord of Imladris smiled to himself. He understood very well what was the matter with his counselor. There was a feast in Imladris that day. Glorfindel entered the hall and looked around. Erestor stood there, obviously going over the speech he was going to hold in a few minutes. Glorfindel smiled and walked towards him. He was so close to get him to accept his invitation for dinner! He knew he would just have to ask a few more times! "My lord Glorfindel! May I have your first dance this evening? I know it is early to ask but I want to be sure you will dance with me tonight." The elleth was batting her eyelashes at him in a seductive way. Erestor was listening intently from a few a few paces away. The way he knew the warrior, he would dance and flirt with every elleth in the room. "I am sorry, my lady. However I have no interest in the fair sex." Erestors heart stopped. Impossible! Surely that was a jest! "Oh? But rumor says you are a real lady killer?" "I had to be. As a lord of Gondolin it was required of me to maintain a certain image. Now, however I am no longer a lord. I am free to live as I want." "It is a real shame! Who knows, maybe you would have gotten far more than just a dance?" The elleth was still trying to flirt. "I am sorry. Ah! Erestor! Is your first dance reserved yet?" Everyone in hearing range turned towards him and stared as if he had lost his mind. Glorfindel ignored them. "I do not dance. Also, I would appreciate it if you did not use me as an elleth repellant." "I am serious. Dance with me." Erestor simply walked away. He hated the way Glorfindel played with his heart! The dancing had started and Glorfindel was still trying to convince Erestor. The advisor was very annoyed. "Will you stop jesting already! Go! Find yourself an elleth to dance with and leave me alone!" He hissed, before walking away. There were tears in his eyes. It hurt so much! It hurt to know that Glorfindel was only jesting, it hurt to know that Glorfindel would never look at him the way he desired him to. He stopped on a balcony that overlooked the valley. There, for the first time since the fall of Gondolin, he let go of his emotions and broke down, crying. He did not notice the soft footsteps of the one that had followed him. Glorfindel stopped dead when he saw Erestor sobbing uncontrollably. Slowly he stepped closer and wrapped his arms around the crying elf. Startled by the sudden appearance Erestor jerked back and tried to pull away but Glorfindel would not let him. "Why do you weep?" "Let go of me." "Why do you weep?" "I said let go of me!" "I will not let go until you have told me why you are so sad." "I do not wish to speak of it." Glorfindel simply looked at Erestor, who was still trying to pry the warrior off. "Fine! I weep because I love someone I cannot have! Someone who will never love me back! Now let go!" He pushed Glorfindel off him. The golden warrior was silent a pained look in his eyes. "Who?" He asked quietly. Erestor turned away, ready to leave. He would not have his heart injured any more that night. "Who?" Glorfindel grabbed the advisor and pinned him against the wall. He was shaking from all his withheld emotions. Erestor was scared. Never had he seen the other like that! A deep fire was burning in Glorfindels eyes. "Who?" The warrior almost screamed, shaking Erestor so forcefully, the elf was pushed painfully against the wall. "Who?" "You." Erestor whispered, his eyes cast down. Once more he tried to escape the warriors grip but was stopped by Glorfindels lips on his own. The world seemed to explode around him. It was forceful and urgent. It was a kiss Glorfindel had laid all his emotions in. "I love you Erestor." Were all the words Erestor needed to kiss the elf before him once again. Never again did either of them feel unworthy.