as the horse whinnied in appreciation. True to his name, Elrohir seemed to have a natural way of evoking love and loyalty in any horse he seemed to encounter. Elrohir looked up as he approached. "Refused to come back, did he?" he asked, noting his brother's lone arrival. "Of course," Elladan replied. "Did you tell him we could hear him coughing from a mile away?" "Yes," Elladan said, "And I caught him napping." "Napping?" "Yes. 'Resting,' he called it. But he was asleep. And he was burning up." "Burning up?" "He's running a fever. He's running a fever, and he's exhausted, and you heard the coughing!" Elladan went on, exasperated. "Yes, I did, so why didn't you bring him back?" Elrohir demanded. "Because he insisted on hunting the stag." "And you let him? He's ill, Elladan!" "I know, 'Ro. But you know how stubborn he can be. He just asked for a couple of hours more." "He should be resting by a fire, not wandering about further in the cold," Elrohir accused. "Well, why don't you go and drag him back here then?" Elladan countered. "I'd like to see how successful you are." Elorhir sighed, knowing he would only have similar results. "Valar," he said, shaking his head in frustration, "He doesn't understand or appreciate anything about mortality! Always insisting on pushing his limits." "He has not yet realized he has limits," Elladan agreed solemnly. A brief silence settled upon them both as they reluctantly contemplated their younger brother's mortality. It was at times a painful thing to be reminded of. Their younger brother was going to die someday. No matter what either of them did. Estel was human, and it was just nature's way. It was a harsh reality neither of them ever wanted to have to think about, let alone face. "He's grown so fast," Elladan mused, a hint of sadness in his voice. "I know," Elrohir agreed. "Nearly twenty years old already. How is that possible? I swear it was just yesterday we were chasing a little toddler around Imladris." Elladan laughed lightly. "And father thought we were troublemakers in our youth," he said, remembering the mischief of Estel's childhood. He kept the twins in stitches everyday with the schemes he would cook up. Elrohir laughed. "Although to be fair, we might have been slightly influential of Estel's mischievous ways growing up." "That might be a slight understatement," Elladan laughed in agreement, remembering how often they'd egged their younger brother on, or actually participated in his pranks and schemes. Estel brought life and laughter and youth to their home, and they'd loved him since the first day he was placed in their father's care. After a quiet pause of joyful reminiscing Elrohir quietly asked, "When do you think father's going to tell him?" "Oh, I think he's known he's adopted for a while now," Elladan said, pretending to be serious. Elrohir snorted, not completely appreciating his brother's attempt at humor. "Seriously, Ell. He's nearly a man now. Has father mentioned anything to you?" "He hasn't," Elladan replied, cutting the joking. He knew what his brother was referring to. "I can't imagine he'll wait much longer though." "Nor can I. I worry so much about how Estel's going to take it." Elladan met his brother's identical eyes. "I do as well." "He perhaps should have told him sooner." "I think you may be right," Elladan agreed slowly. "The longer father waits, the harder it's going to be for him to take it." He paused thoughtfully. "But then again, I wouldn't trade these carefree years we've had with him for anything." "Nor would I," Elrohir agreed, pausing in contemplation. "Everything's going to change once he knows who he is, isn't it?" "Yes," Elladan replied without hesitating. Elrohir wished his brother hadn't been so blunt. He hadn't wanted his concerns confirmed so abruptly. "I know it's hard to think about," Elladan went on, reading his twin's face. "But he is nearly a man now. And he has a difficult path laid ahead of him. Whether or not he'll choose to accept it will be entirely up to him." "He's going to leave," Elrohir said quietly, suddenly finding himself staring at the dull ground in front of him. Elladan studied his twin morosely, feeling the same dread he could clearly see on Elrohir's face. He didn't know what to say. He knew it was true as well, and loathe as he was to admit it, he knew it was probably necessary for Estel to leave their keeping. They couldn't keep their little brother safe and sound in Imladris forever. Not when he potentially had such an important part to play in the fate of men. Still, why did it have to be their Estel, he wondered with slight resentment. Why is it that fate had them get so attached to the one human that very possibly mattered most out of all mankind? "Fate plays an unfair game," Elladan said quietly to himself. "Hmm?" Elrohir asked looking up at his brother. "Oh, nothing," Elladan replied. "I'm just still in denial that our little Estel is going to be faced with such burdens. I almost wish we could keep him in the dark forever." Elrohir smirked. "And just leave the fate of men to its own devices?" Elladan returned an identical grin. "Yes," he jokingly replied, "Forget men." Elrohir let out a small laugh, "Inferior, stubborn, illness-prone race that they are," he joked. They both knew he was affectionately referring to one man in particular. Elladan sighed. "I just hope Estel hurries. Ada's going to kill us for letting him hunt in this weather." The light flurry of snow circled around them unending. "Especially since we discovered the symptoms he was trying to hide." "The little sneak." The fondness was still unmistakable in their accusing voices. Elrohir presently returned his attention to horse-grooming, while Elladan glanced back to the woods, hoping to see a familiar figure emerge within the hour. To be continued