fortunes of our people, yet the only fortune we find for ourselves is ill." "And we are both very much alone," returned Faramir. Eowyn's heart gave such a wrench that she nearly cried aloud from the sense of it. "You should go, my lord," she choked out quietly. She turned from him, cursing the tears that had risen unbidden to her eyes. He did not answer, but stared at her with a mien of such sadness and pity that she could scarcely bear it. "Please, I want you to go," she repeated, her voice still low, shaking. He sat silent for a moment, then rose slowly from the bench. He turned and placed his hands to lean heavily upon the stone wall behind, then dropped his head low. A lock of his ginger hair slid across his brow, fringing his eyelashes. "You are filled with much grief, and much anger, Eowyn," he said softly, looking out over the cold, glittering cliffs, and Eowyn blanched at his use of her name. "You feel you are so alone. You feel you have lost everything in this war, that things have changed for ill, and shall never be the same. And you are right, my lady. Things never shall be the same, for either of us. Our worlds have been broken. Our families have been sundered. We have been drawn to the brink of death in service to our people. And still things are not clear. We cannot say if evil shall be defeated, if our kingdoms, our people, shall be saved. I know the pain it causes." Faramir turned to look at her and laid his hand over his heart. "But you choose to bear these things alone. Pain shared is pain halved, Lady Eowyn, and yet you refuse to allow anyone to touch your heart." "My pain is my own, lord. I would not oppress anyone with the horror I have known..." Eowyn choked on the words. "Faramir, you have been so kind to me, in a time when I truly needed a friend. I do not wish to burden you with the memories of what I endured..." Faramir ducked his head, looking her straight in the eyes. "You spoke of a man who wished for your love. I deem that he is the hand behind your pain." It was as though his gaze pinned her in place, and Eowyn found she could not look away. He slowly slid to a seat upon the bench at her side and took her hand once again. She shuddered, not at his touch, but at the memory of Wormtongue's breath upon her throat, the feeling of his skin, his touch soft yet sinister, against her own. "Please, lord..." pled Eowyn, and the lights of the city shattered into shards, sparkling in jeweled starbursts as her eyes filled with tears. "Please..." she repeated, bringing Faramir's hand to her lips. "I beg you, speak of it no more. I cannot bear it..." Still clutching his hand, she dropped her head. Gently, Faramir lifted his free hand and brushed a gossamer wisp of Eowyn's white-golden hair behind her ear. The feather-softness of his touch made her shiver involuntarily, and then her tears began to fall, and a sob hitched in her chest. Faramir gathered her into his arms, holding her tight to his chest. Her hands were pressed against his chest, trying to push him away, but he would not allow it, and finally all fight drained from Eowyn and she sagged into his embrace, snaking her hands behind Faramir's back to hold him tighter. He could feel her tears upon his throat, and a wave of pity and protectiveness swept over him. He stroked her hair with one hand, and whispered, "You needn't fear anymore, my lady. The tide has yet to turn, but we shall defeat the darkness before the end. Our people shall survive, and grow and rebuild. The sorrow shall pass into memory, and our hearts shall heal." Against Faramir's chest, Eowyn shook her head in despair. "I fear my heart shall never be whole again, my lord. All of my wishes, my dreams, have been crushed. My uncle lies in state, for I could not save him...my brother girds for war, from which he shall likely not return. Again I am constrained to stay behind as watch as the fate of my people, of my family is decided. You, of all others, can understand...I have lost the man who was more father to me than uncle. Now Eomer shall be mired in the affairs of state and of war. Hama is dead. The women of the court are always talking of finding a husband and continuing the line of Eorl...but..." She faltered, and fell silent, paling at her near slip. Faramir rested his cheek atop her head. "My lady, I know what it is that pricks your heart so." Eowyn closed her eyes in despair, tears wobbling upon her lashes. "I have spoken long with the king of Rohan, your brother. He has told me of your desire to be loved by the Lord Aragorn." A sob hitched in Eowyn's chest, and humiliation threatened to overwhelm her, her face flushed crimson. "He told me also that a bond between you could never be, that the Lord is betrothed to another." Faramir raised Eowyn's face in his hands, smoothing a tear away with his thumb. "But you mustn't allow this sadness to take your will to live, my lady, to find happiness." Faramir paused, conflicted. "I hope you think me not too bold, lady, but you are beautiful. One might even say perilously so. You mustn't believe that all is now lost, though it may seem so in the darkness of trial. Light and joy shall someday dawn upon our lands again, and you must find the strength to wait upon it." With that Faramir gently laid his arm across Eowyn's shoulder and turned her to face the deep night beyond the wall