corrected. Except slamming a revolving door, I thought to myself. "Well, I suppose we should hope for the best," Elrond said. I forgot he was here. "I will allow you to go with the Fellowship, although it would be best to keep your origins to yourself, until you believe it is necessary to reveal them." "There is one minor glitch that I must mention before this committee is let out. She is not a full elf; yet. The elf in her still has yet to fully develop, but it will in due time." "Very well. I shall see you in the future, Lady Elevain. You may go now." "Thank you." I sighed a breath of relief, left the room, and headed back to my own. The room had a nice balcony, and I really liked to just stand there looking around. I went on a lot of walks, and on every single walk, I saw Legolas. He was either walking, or sitting, or climbing a tree, or laying/sitting in the roots of the tree. I can't say I didn't like seeing him on my walks, because it wouldn't be true. It was when I saw Boromir on my walks, who was being less than conspicuous about him watching me, that I got uncomfortable and went back to my room. Only I didn't go by the other rooms that mine was connected to, I would lose him somewhere, and then move from tree to tree and then climb the one next to my balcony and hide in there. If he knew I was there, he wouldn't hesitate to come and talk to me. I knew that for sure. He had come to the rooms that Legolas had, asking to speak to me. I'd seen him following me on my walk and so I went back to my room. And he followed me there. Then he and legolas had gotten in an argument. That was the last time I ever went that way when I knew he was watching. So I evaded him as much as possible. It wasn't that hard. I just had to go to the range. I liked it there, it was rather peaceful. very much so. and where i thought i would be shunned, like i was at home by... someone, i was welcomed. perhaps Elrond spoke with some of the elves and then they spread the word around... or something. when i didn't feel like going to the range, i would go to the 'hand-to-hand' combat field... if that's what it was called. i was welcomed there as well, and also got a few tips on how to improve. i guess i wasn't as good as i had been at home, and it wasn't as easy to avoid Boromir at the sword fighting field. But anyway, I stayed clear of Boromir as much as possible until we had to leave. This leads us to today, the last day spent in Rivendell. I stood on my balcony, watching the world go by, leaning on the rail and my elbows. The elves passing by waved and smiled. The sound of a running horse reached my ears, and instantly I knew it was Legolas. He rode his horse, Glostriana, a lot. He was a good rider too, and I liked to watch him. His horse stopped about 15 - 20 feet away from where I was standing, and he jumped off, just like in the movie when he first arrived here. I smiled, unable to contain it. Everything about him made me smile. Whenever I saw him I smiled, when I heard him I smiled, when I heard his name I smiled. Even if I just thought about him I smiled. I sighed, and stared at Glostriana. She was absolutely beautiful. I would've loved to ride her, and there was really only one thing I would give to ride her. A kiss. It doesn't sound like much, but it was the only thing I would give. It would be my first kiss. Ever. I had never kissed anyone before, so it was a fair trade, I thought. Then I thought about who I would have to kiss. Legolas. I started thinking about what I would give for a kiss from Legolas. What about a ride on Glostriana? Ha, yeah. I'd give my first kiss to ride her and then give my ride to get my first kiss. And this presented a problem; which would I enjoy more: The kiss or the ride? My head started hurting. I sighed again, trying to shake off the pain. Said elf looked up at me, and smiled the smile that I had labeled, "Heartbreaker." My knees went weak, and I looked away after a small smile, my cheeks aflame. Definitely the kiss. I would have to spend the next year or so with him, and in my condition, there was no way I would make it the whole time without saying something that would probably make him scared of me. Oh but it would be worth it, if he gave me "heartbreaker" again. I went to change for the feast that Elrond had prepared for us for our last day here. I had to wear dresses all the time because 1) the people helping me wouldn't let me wear pants, 2) I hadn't got the extra set of clothes from Arwen yet, and 3) someone had hidden the clothes I had been wearing when I first arrived here. Someone came in, and when I turned around, she was carrying my original outfit, and another one, presumably for me, but it wasn't the clothes that made me cringe and stagger back, as if trying to escape another punch from someone. The elf that carried the clothes was obviously trying her hardest to contain her anger, though why she would be angry with me was a mystery. Her eyes held a fire that would've scorched me and killed me then and there if looks could kill.