was the Green Dragon, ablaze with life and song. They looked at one another and smiled, and Merry, with a practiced tug of the reins, guided the cart down the lane to the tavern. Inside, Sam and Pippin walked silently to a table in the corner, listening to the sounds of the evening wend around them. Merry soon joined them with four half-pints of ale. Together they sat and drank, with nary a word between them. Sam gazed around the pub with a heavy heart, taking in the familiar line of the bar, the paintings on the wall of the prettiest places in the Shire, the lovely young barmaids with their flushed cheeks and crimped curls. When the three hobbits had finished their own ale, they passed the fourth between them, quietly toasting their missing friend. Merry and Pippin left the last swallow to Sam, and he drained the mug with a strange lightness in his heart. With a quick glance toward the proprietor of the inn, Sam slipped the empty tankard into his pack. Merry and Pippin exchanged knowing grins as Merry laid payment on the table. As they climbed aboard the pony cart, Sam gave a last, quiet look at the round windows gleaming with firelight, at the carven likeness of a ravening dragon on the signboard, then faced forward and didn't look back again. The long drive to the Havens was made in silence, for none of the Hobbits dared break the strange sense of finality that they all felt. It was as though the last chapter had been written and the book finally closed on the fellowship's long, winding story. Occasionally the three would exchange smiles, but they were weary smiles, filled with deeper meaning. As they saw the rising pillars of the seaside rocks, Pippin began to cry quietly, dashing at his eyes with little clearings of his throat. Sam laid his hand on Pippin's shoulder and gave a squeeze, his own eyes filling. Merry looked resolutely ahead, his chin held high and his shoulders square. Occasionally his chest would give a little heave but his face did not change. At the entrance to the Grey Havens, Merry halted the pony and slid from the drivers seat. He offered Sam his hand and gently helped him from the cart. The door to the harbor was an arch cut in the rock, wide enough for three men to walk abreast. There was faded elvish script looping over the top of the arch, twined with graven images of leaves and vines and branches. There was also an exquisitely carved fresco of a great ship sailing from the harbor, with noble faces peering toward the west. With a deep and quavering breath, Sam hitched his pack up higher on his shoulders and stepped through the archway. In the harbor was moored a ship of mahogany wood, simple yet gracefully hewn with an upswept bow and inlay of ivory and silver. The sails looked to be of silken fabric, stitched with ancient characters and runes. Upon the stone dock stood Celeborn of Lorien, his arms open in welcome. He looked as he always had, with shining golden hair and piercing, sad eyes. He nodded at the hobbits, and knelt and laid his hand upon his breast, bowing his head. After a moment he rose and, not looking again at the three, stepped aboard the ship, leaving the hobbits to their farewell. Sam turned to face Merry and Pippin. Both were standing silent with shining eyes, their faces a study in conflicted emotion. Pippin was making no attempt to stop the tears rolling down his cheeks, and Sam was reminded of his tears outside of Moria, after Gandalf fell into darkness. There was an element of lost hope in those tears at Moria, but now there was only sadness at the loss of a friend, for hope had been rekindled in Pippin, and had carried him through the years to this place, to yet another goodbye. Sam stepped forward and clutched him in his arms, burying his face against Pippin's scarf. Sam did not know how long they stood there, but he finally released his friend, dashing at his eyes and making small gulping noises. Without a word, Sam turned to Merry, who smiled through his own tears. He opened his arms and Sam walked into the embrace. Sam could feel Merry's tears upon his throat, and he reflected with wonder on how much Merry had changed through the years, from a mischievous tween into a captain of commanding presence and courageous spirit. Sam could feel Merry's strong heartbeat against his own chest and he caught his breath sharply, feeling as though his own heart was going to stop from the sorrow. He released Merry and took a deep, shaking breath. The three stood for a long moment, staring at one another with tear-shined eyes. Merry draped an arm over Pippin's shoulder, as always providing comfort and strength. Sam's lips mouthed a farewell but his voice would not come forth. Merry and Pippin, as though of one mind, then knelt and laid their hands upon their breasts, as Celeborn had done, and bowed their heads. A sob burst forth from Sam and he wanted to rush forward and fall to his knees to grasp his friends in one last embrace. But instead he turned from them and walked up the planks, boarding the ship of the west. Sam did not look back again at his friends, for he felt that if he did so his heart would break. Slowly, the ship drifted from the dock, moving with a gentle rocking toward the sea. As the ship passed through the bastion of rock into the open water, Sam looked upward and saw with wonder Earendil's star shining strong in the sky, as though a guiding beacon, leading him at last back to the arms of his dearest friend and master. "I'm coming, Mister Frodo," he murmured softly. "Your Sam is coming."