apologize. Master Ferthan waved off Cameroth's words haughtily - "Barbarians! Fools! Fathers of savages!" and with a glare at Jasimir stalked back into the inn. Cameroth gave his son an exasperated look and followed after the man. Allowing her amusement free rein, Sev leaned against the wall and laughed until she was breathless. Wiping tears from her eyes, she met Jasimir's reproachful looks with an apology. "Jas, I'm sorry. I know it's not funny to you, but of all the people…. that stuck up little toad of a man ... covered with mud. Thank you for the best laugh I've had in a month." "I didn't mean to do it," Jasimir said sullenly, tossing a begrimed package onto the steps at Sev's feet. "You would think anyone with eyes could see a mop and a bucket." Sevilodorf made a valiant effort to wipe the grin from her face, but knew it was impossible. "I'll leave you to it then, Jasimir." Treading carefully through the muddy courtyard, Sev reached the barn still grinning. She tossed a coin to the stable boy who led a harnessed Dream from her stall. Whispering softly to the horse, Sev led her out to the cart. "Home tonight, old girl." Dream gave a soft whicker of acknowledgement as Sev fastened the final buckles. Patting the mare's neck Sev looked across her back to find herself the object of the keen scrutiny of one of the men she had noticed in the common room last night. Nor did he smile or acknowledge her beyond that cold stare. There was little chance of trouble in the midst of the bustle of the courtyard of The Whistling Dog, though coldness replaced the warmth of laughter as Sev returned the man's gaze impassively. She had faced such stares before. She had never determined whether it was the fact she went about on her own, or the rather exotic company she kept at the Burping Troll that caused several men in the village to firmly believe she was a minion of the Dark Lord himself. "An unnatural woman," she had heard them say. Sevilodorf did not know much about this man, except that if he had spent the evening in Sira's company she was certain he had heard only the worst about her. The recently broken nose and the bruised knuckles spoke of a fighter. The half-chewed ear and the hand poised restlessly near his sword told her more. With a sigh, Sev hoped that this man would not be the one to prove Halbarad right in his insistence that she not travel the roads alone. He and Elros had accompanied her to Henneth Annûn yesterday, but they would not be leaving until tomorrow or even the day after. Briefly she wondered if the news Jareth had told her of the death of Rablot at Farmer Tiroc's farm had anything to do with why the two Rangers had been called to Henneth Annûn. Curse the rain, for without that delay she would already be safely home. Striving to ignore the man, Sev gathered up the lines and prepared to climb up to her seat only to see him striding across the courtyard toward her. ' Nmad, ' she thought turning to face him with a carefully blank expression. "You are a trader," the man said. The words were spoken as more accusation than statement. "Aye, sir. A trader in potions and pills and remedies for what ails you. Is there anything I can help you with?" Sev replied calmly. Her right hand sliding up to adjust her left sleeve and touch the hilt of the knife strapped there. "I hear you trade with filth … orcs." "I trade with all who have ailments and a means to pay me. Men, elves, hobbits and orcs." Sev answered lifting her chin. "Is something ailing you?" "Only an illness to the stomach caused by those such as yourself who prefer profit over honor." As he faced her bland stare Grady felt the anger building within him. Darien had told him to leave the woman be, that what was said about her was almost certainly the result of the dislike that Sira obviously had for the woman. But here she stood admitting her transactions with those foul creatures. Sev's eyes hardened and her voice dropped. "Then sir, there is nothing I have that can cure you. I bid you good day." Grady seethed with rage as the woman brushed past him and climbed onto her seat. It was only the thought of what Darien would say and what Landis would do that stopped him from grabbing the woman and shaking her until her teeth clashed together. If she had seen what he saw, if she knew what he knew, he could imagine no rational reason for her treachery - unless she herself had served the Nameless. Through a roaring in his ears he realized she was speaking to him again. Sev's blue eyes glittered like ice as she said impatiently, "Are you going to move or do I run you over?" Without giving him time to answer or to step back, she snapped the lines and gave a call to her horse. Retreating hastily out of her way, Grady's boots were spattered with mud as the wheels cut through the sodden ground. "Bitch!" he spat after her. ' How dare she speak to me like that? I fought a war - good men died to protect the likes of her from the very creatures she's now helping to prosper. Smug wench, I could break her neck as easily as that .' He snapped his fingers. ' She needs to be taught her place. ' Anger slowly gave way to an unpleasant grin as he dwelt on this thought. ' A couple of good slaps should do it .' Their paths would likely cross soon at the Inn of the Burping Troll, and he would teach her some respect, one way or another. xxx TBC ...