well it's because I was standing right there next to the two of you and Thunderfoot knows that I wont let anything like that happen to him again" "What did you do to the man who beat him?" Eomer asked. "I fired him and told him that if I ever saw him near any horses or animal in general again, I would take a switch to him, I also told the horsing community about him so no one would hire him" "Well that was kinder then anything that I would have done" Eomer replied "What would you have done?" Alexandra asked Eomer looked away from her fro a few moments before turning back and replying "I would have killed him where her stood, run him through with my sword" Eomer said, then walked away. But before he got to far away he stopped and motioned for Alexandra to follow him. After Eomer showed Alexandra to a tent he left her to go see how his men were doing. Alexandra fro the most part explored her new surroundings. As she was looking around she discovered a bag, being the curious person that she is Alexandra decided to take a peak inside. When she opened the bag she found cloths and pieces of parchment that appeared to be letters. When she picked one up to read she discovered that they were indeed letters and not just any letters but letters to Eomer. Alexandra let out a gasp as she realized who's tent she was in. While lost in her thoughts Alexandra failed to realize that Eomer had reentered the tent. She was brought out of her thoughts by Eomer as he ripped the letter she had been reading, from her hands. Shocked and surprise Alexandra looked up to see Eomer glaring angrily down at her. "Eomer… I didn't hear you come back" "Obviously not, for I'm sure you would have put everything away before you could have gotten caught had you heard me coming back. Who do you think you are going through my things, reading my personal letters ?" "Eomer, I'm sorry. I just found the bad and my curiosity got the better of me. I did not realize they were your things until I started reading the letter. I am truly sorry, I meant no disrespect" Alexandra said in a rush. Eomer stared into her eyes and saw no lie in her eyes. Sighing he took a deep breath to help calm his anger. "No, I am sorry. I should no have acted so rash, you are not from here and you are only curious about your surroundings. In fact you remind me much of a young colt being allowed into the field for the first time" Eomer said "Yes, that might be true my dear horse lord but do you know what the difference between myself and a young colt is?" Alexandra asked "No" Eomer replied "The difference my dear horse lord is that" Alexandra said as she came to stand in front of Eomer so she could whisper in his ear "I am not as easily tamed as a young colt is" she whispered breathlessly into Eomer's ear sending shivers down his spine. Alexandra turned and left Eomer standing in the middle of the tent with his mouth hanging open. When she reached a pile of furs that she assumed was the bed, she turned around to look at Eomer. She let out a round of laughter as she saw Eomer standing in the same spot with his mouth open. "Close you mouth there horse lord, or else your going to end up catching flies like that" Hearing Alexandra snapped Eomer out of his stupor. He just looked at her sitting on the pile of furs and collected his thoughts. "Forgive me. I was lost in thought" Eomer said "Sure you were horse master, what where you thinking about that caused you to blush so?" Alexandra asked This caused Eomer to blush even more. He cleared his throat trying to cover up his discomfort, this caused Alexandra to laugh some more. "If mi'lady will excuse me I will let you rest, for I am sure that you are tired and wish to rest. I have things that I must attend to so I will bid you good night" Eomer said while heading for the tent flap. "Good night horse lord, will I see you in the morning" Alexandra asked "Yes, I will come and fetch you in the morrow" Eomer replied then left Once he left Alexandra flopped back onto the pile of furs and let out a tired sigh, before sitting back up. She looked down at her dirty and now uncomfortable clothing, she didn't want to change it her clean cloths because then they wouldn't be comfortable to ride in tomorrow. So looking around the tent her eyes again fell onto the bag that help Eomers' things. A smile made its way onto Alexandra's face as she got up and made her way towards the bag. Translation: "Thunderfoot thats enough, come here" AN: Alright this is my first time EVER writing a Lord of the Rings fanfic. I love the movies and have watched the hundreds of times and I am in the process of reading the books right now. But as a watched the movie I fell in love with Eomer. One because Carl Urban plays him, but also because of the way he is portrayed, the hero yet not thrust into the lime light, he is like the silent hero to me. But please I ask you for reviews, if there are not enough people who like how I am going to be doing this then I will not put anymore chapters. I know a lot of people dislike Maine Characters with OFC's but I feel I write stories better this way. So just let me know what you all think of it and if I should put up another chapter or two. Bunny