"And I heard that!" Merry shouted up to him. He closed his eyes for a moment, wishing that branch were closer to the ground. It must be almost five feet up the old tree's massive trunk. Merry had asserted that he was the wiser choice to climb the tree, as he was the lighter of the two and Frodo was 'getting on in years.' But they both knew he had no head for heights, and as Frodo had climbed the tree (and fallen out of it, to Bilbo's horror) more than once, it was he who made the ascent. Merry watched as Frodo tightened his one-handed grip on the branch and heaved himself forward another few inches. Burdened with a plank with a rope through it for a seat, Frodo was stretched flat out on his belly, legs locked around the branch. To Merry's worried eyes, he looked none too steady up there. The rope and the plank with a handy knothole came from Sam, who stockpiled all sorts of oddments in the gardening shed. The stocky hobbit had greeted his master's idea of a swing with a dubious expression. "No offense, sir," Sam had said carefully, "but I'd feel better if'n you let me tie that knot." Frodo had spent a moment comparing his knot-tying skills to Sam's, then agreed. A few heart-stopping slips and splinters later, Frodo sat up warily on the thick branch. "Back up now," he called down to them. "A little more. Pippin, you too, please. Are you sure you are out of the way? Right, then. Here it comes!" Dropping the plank, they watched as it spiraled down. Pippin caught it with a shriek of joy and tried to swarm up it, pipe-stem arms quivering with the strain. Merry plucked him off and sat him on the ground. "Just you wait a moment while we make sure it's safe." Pippin wiggled but obeyed. Frodo remained in the tree watching his knot while Merry subjected the swing to rigorous testing, launching himself onto it from a running leap and kicking high into the air. Rather to his surprise, it held. He surrendered the swing to Pippin somewhat regretfully. "Be careful, Pippin," he cautioned the eager child, "I don't want you getting rope-burns on your hands. And don't swing so high up you slide off. And -" "Merry," Frodo called down from his perch in the tree, "would you let the poor lad have a go?" Pippin did indeed love the swing. Attached by a single rope, it did not swing so much as twirl, which delighted the child. While Frodo struggled down the tree (in the process collecting more splinters), Merry wound the rope tightly and held it for his little cousin. Pippin clambered abroad, grinning from ear to ear. "Now hold on tightly," Merry admonished him. Pippin clamped his hands around the rope and squealed, "Let go! Let go, Merry!" As Merry released the rope, the accumulated tension spun the plank and its passenger rapidly. Pippin leaned back to increase the speed of the spin, shrieking incoherently and giggling. Unfortunately, the single flaw in this plan had escaped both Frodo and Merry. Pippin's loud "Wheeee! Wheeeee!" gradually subsided but Frodo and Merry did not realize their error until the lad's face abruptly went green, he fell off the slowly twisting swing and was miserably sick. Frodo fell on his knees beside the retching child. "Oh, Pippin! I'm so sorry, lad!" Merry rubbed the small back while Frodo apologized, both of them far more upset than Pippin. "No more twirling," declared Frodo contritely. "We'll make a regular swing. Just back and forth, Pippin-lad. Will that suit?" Still coughing, Pippin nodded hesitantly. While Merry took Pippin inside to wash him off and swish out his mouth, Frodo kicked earth over the small mess then went back to Sam for more rope and a plank with two holes. This time, Sam put aside his work and trailed after him. They stood at the base of the tree and stared upwards at the branch. "I'll carry the swing up," Frodo said resignedly, "and drop it down again." "Begging your pardon, sir," Sam said, "but wouldn't it be easier just 'ta leave the plank here and me toss the rope up to you?" Frodo looked at the heavy plank in his hands. "Oh." There was a moment of silence. "I suppose it would. I've never made a swing before, you know." "You're doing fine, Mr. Frodo," said Sam comfortingly if not quite truthfully. Without the plank and trailing ropes, Frodo had a much easier time climbing the tree. Merry returned with Pippin just in time to hold the plank while Sam tossed the two ropes up to Frodo. "Beggin' your pardon, Mr. Frodo," Sam called up, exchanging a grin with Merry. "But the rope's got to go on the same side o' the tree. Won't swing, else." "Oh, bother," muttered Frodo. Pippin giggled. Merry again refused to let Pippin try the swing until Sam had examined the contraption and pronounced it safe. After it had passed their rigorous inspection, Pippin leaped on it and kicked his heels. "Look at me!" Pippin yowled, rapidly picking up speed and height . "Look at me! Look how high I can go!" Frodo sat down on the ground and pulled a splinter out of his palm. Merry dropped next to him and after a moment , Sam joined them. The three of them settled into the warm grass and watched the ecstatic child, beaming at the pure joy Pippin radiated. Glancing over at his cousin, Merry saw that Frodo was laughing, his eyes sparkling with delight. Tension he didn't know he had been feeling drained out of him. His self-imposed task had been accomplished and he could relax, at least for the time being. Merry draped an arm around Frodo's shoulders and the other over Sam's, and pulled them in for a hug. "Lovely day today, isn't it?" he murmured happily. The End