humorous!" The circles of water were diminishing where Frodo had gone under. The members of the Company looked at each other blankly. "Frodo?" quavered Pippin. Aragorn shoved himself to his feet, feeling the log behind him rock as Boromir followed. "Can you see him?" "The water is too laden with silt," Gimli replied, peering into the murky depths. "Are hobbits known for being able to hold their breath?" "He's not coming up!" Merry flung himself full-length into the lake, throwing water in all directions, drenching Pippin and pelting Sam, Gimli, and Bill with icy droplets. Startled by the unexpected shower, Bill reared, sending his unsecured packs crashing to the ground. Sam whirled around, his expression appalled as his beloved pots and pans clattered on the rocks. Leaping for Bill's reins, he caught them and held on with both hands. The pots and pans and sudden movement were too much for Bill; the normally-placid pony tried to bolt. Sam was dragged off his feet but did not relinquish the reins. Gimli hauled on the bridle, dragging all three of them in a half-circle. "Whoa, lad! Whoa!" Sam cried as Gimli pulled the pony's head down. "Take him, sir!" Staggering to his feet, he thrust the reins into Gimli's hands and barrelled into the pool, pulling up short as an erupting fountain of water heralded Merry's surfacing. Sam leapt forward and caught him, holding him upright as Merry choked and coughed. "Where is he?" Sam shouted. Merry spit out a mouthful of water and looked frantically about. "I didn't find him!" "Frodo?" Pippin cried, starting to wallow towards Merry and past him. Merry caught him by the collar and dragged him back. "I couldn't find him! Aragorn! " Aragorn leapt into the water and pushed himself to the spot where Frodo had disappeared. The hobbits fell back to give him room. Boromir, behind him, was struggling to pull off his surcoat and had entangled his arms in a confusion of tunic and mail. Swearing, he dragged his arms free and threw his surcoat on the ground, splashing after the Ranger. Legolas leaped down from his boulder and raced towards them, abandoning his watch for the more immediate emergency. With a great breath, Aragorn ducked into the water, feeling an icy shock slice through him like the blade of a sword. For a moment he could not move, stunned by the cold, then his chest loosened and he regained control of his limbs. Snow-melt, he realised, running off from the mountains. Frodo was submerged in this? The hobbits' actions had indeed clouded the water; silt swirled around him, filled with tiny black particles that seemed to move independently of the undercurrent. He could see nothing. He turned in a circle, arms extended, fingers seeking to brush against a possibly unconscious form. Nothing. Another step into deeper water. Another groping turn. Nothing. With a gasp he surfaced, water streaming down his face like tears. "Get the hobbits out of the water!" Gandalf roared, splashing forward. Legolas swerved in mid-stride. Long arms reached out and scooped up Pippin, handed him dripping and fighting to Gimli. Gimli freed a hand from Bill's bridle to wrap an arm around him. "Master Pippin, stop struggling! Be still!" "Merry!" Legolas cried. "Samwise! Come to me!" "No!" Merry shouted. He tried to duck as Boromir overtook him and hauled him free of the water. "Put me down!" In his desperation he twisted and slid free of Boromir's arms, landing in the water to launch himself after Aragorn. Boromir struggled after him, hampered by his heavy clothing. Merry dove but Boromir caught a hobbit-foot and held on, dragging Merry backwards. Gasping, Merry surfaced, flailing at the water. Legolas joined him and together he and Boromir overpowered the hobbit and dragged him to shore. "Give me Pippin," Gandalf ordered, reaching for the tweenager. Gimli surrendered him. Pippin clung to the wizard's robes, frightened now, then tried to dart to Merry as Legolas handed him to Gimli. Gandalf tightened his hold, but his gruff voice was unusually gentle. "Stay with me, Peregrin." With another deep breath, Aragorn went under again. This time he crawled along the mucky bottom, sweeping his hands to the side. He propelled himself forward with kicks, farther than Frodo could have simply fallen. With an explosive gasp, Aragorn surfaced and looked back just in time to see a white-faced Sam reach the spot Frodo had gone under. Sam was batting at the water, his face wild with fear. "Sam! Go back to Merry and Pippin!" "Where's he gone? Where's he gone, then?" "Samwise," Legolas said kindly, coming up on the hobbit, "Please come back with me to shore. You are needed there, and not here." Sam stood irresolute, then nodded jerkily and followed the elf, who seemed to glide through the water with the same ease as air. Raking his hair out of his eyes, Aragorn called, "Hobbits, stay with Gandalf! Gimli, guard them! Legolas, search the shore – see if you can find any sign." "Dwarves are not good swimmers," the dwarf agreed regretfully, tightening a heavy hand on Merry's shoulder as Legolas sprang away. "You will stay with me, young sirs, until we find Master Frodo. He has probably surfaced behind one of those boulders and is even now catching his breath." "Frodo!" Pippin shouted, straining up on his toes. "Frodo!" "No! Pippin, be quiet! There has been enough shouting!" Still huddled in the shelter of Gandalf's robes, Pippin looked up into the wizard's face. Gandalf was glaring at the water, at the surrounding area, into the air, as if enemies might descend upon them at any moment. "We have already announced our presence to any listening ears. We must quit this place as quickly as possible." Gandalf turned to Aragorn, and his eyes blazed. "Find him. Bring him back." Boromir and Aragorn exchanged a grim look. "We will," Aragorn affirmed. Then the two men took a deep breath and forced themselves under the dark waters. TBC