theorize that sunspots are responsible, but others doubt it. The head of MESA stated that 'Many of the satellites orbiting Arda are designed to detect such occurrences, and so for none have registered any changes from the sun or from the planet itself.' He went on to say that the teams at MESA are doing their best to find out what is responsible and if there is any danger to the population." This time the weatherman paused. "That's all for weather right now. Back to you Cowen." "Thank you Walter. That's all for traffic and weather, now it's time for business data with…" Jak turned off the radio, having gotten what he wanted to hear. That weather stuff has had the young orc on edge, but hopefully it's over with, and no problems happen during the weekend. Not two minutes the thought left his mind, his phone began to ring. He answered it with his car, its Bluetooth having been synced to his smartphone. "Hello," Jak greeted aloud. "Well met there Jak." His senior engineering manager's voice boomed from his car's sound system. No doubt the old dwarf was wondering if the orc was coming in or not. "Good morning Durnin, what can I do you for?" Jak asked, pretending that he didn't already know what the neurotic long beard wanted. "You sure yer not coming into work today laddie?" The dwarf asked. "Yes, sir, I'm already on my way to Mordor." Jak answered with a smile. "Well alright then. Say 'ello to yer father for me then." The dwarf said in reply, his voice obviously downcast. "I will. See you Monday sir. I'll be sure to bring you some otter steak when I come back." The orc said, knowing it would perk up the dwarf's interest. "Mmhm, sounds like a plan." The dwarf smacked his lips. "See ya Monday then." The dwarf then abruptly hung up, leaving Jak to smile at his boss' charming lack of tact. After an hour east on the freeway, a nagging feeling started to overtake Jak. Something was really bugging him, and he just couldn't figure out what. He knew he didn't forget anything. Cloths, guns, ammo, retainer. His parents will have a spare toothbrush, he didn't need any sheets. He was told not to bring any food, he can pick up alcohol on the way there. Then what was it? Jak started to look around the interior of his car. Full tank of gas, his phone cord and GPS were in the compartment next to him, his duffle bag… His eyes landed on his duffle bag. "I have two guns just lying in my bag in the front seat of my SUV." He said to himself. 'If I get pulled over, that is a massive fine.' Finishing the thought in his head. Federal law demanded that if you are transporting firearms in a vehicle and they are not being carried on your person, then they must be stored in the rear cab, or closest equivalent. Deciding it was better to just move them instead of risking an issue with the police, Jak checked his mirror, saw no cars behind him, and pulled over to the shoulder of the road. Jak gave an annoyed exhale as he examined his surroundings. It was a nice area, green grass stretching for miles, with only the occasional bush or tree dotting the landscape, and of course the road that divided the land. There had used to be a swamp of some kind several miles east of here, but it had been drained hundreds of years ago in favor for safer travelling conditions. Jak grabbed his duffle, and gave the road another look. No cars for miles in either direction. Thinking nothing of it, he turned off the engine, popped the trunk, and exited the vehicle. After taking a few steps out into the road he closed the driver's door and stretched. He looked around again while enjoying the cool spring weather. 'Very nice. Maybe this wasn't a total pain after all.' Giving a satisfied sigh, Jak headed to the trunk of his SUV at a leisurely pace. At about half way there, Jak noticed that everything around him suddenly got much brighter. He stopped in confusion, and glanced about. Everything just kept getting brighter and brighter. Even weirder than that, the shadow that his car should be making seemed to be disappearing, but his own shadow grew larger. Then he felt the heat, faint at first, but it slowly grew hotter. Now the back of his uncovered neck felt like it was being burned. 'This is not the sun.'Was all that he could think to himself. Dread began to fill Jak as he slowly turned around. Then he saw it. A massive ball of flame falling from the sky, its sides licking at the air, its center an endless black void…And it was coming right for him! Jak was paralyzed with fear, and all he could do was stare in horror. The heat became nigh unbearable, and his body felt like it was on fire. The black of the anomaly grew larger as the blaze came closer. 'Wuh, wuh, wuh.'Just repeated in his head over and over. Followed by a voice that wasn't his. It's time. The sounds dripped with malevolence as it filled the orc's young mind with terror. It was too close now. Jak finally unfroze, but all he could do was cover his face with his arms and scream. The fire crashed into him, and all that remained was a long black burn on the road and an abandoned SUV… AN: Well, there it is. First chapter. I writing the next one now, and I'm hoing to make a full story out of it. I have most of the story thought out, I just need to add some flesh to it. I noticed some weird conversion issues when I uploaded it. So, if you guys see weird spacing and whatnot, please let me know.