his eyes was stormy and the staff, similar to Nienna's, he held in his own hand glowed brightly. Nienna narrowed her eyes as a defiant flare sparked within her at the restrictions he attempted to lay out. Ripping her arm out of his grasp harshly, Nienna stepped closer to the group with an intense glare sharpened at him, "Not this time, Nieven." "I cannot allow for you to join a journey that has an improbable success which you will likely catch your death!" Something lay underneath his scolding tone as he pulled his brows together at her defiance. "I am not asking for your permission." Nienna nearly snarled as she rolled her eyes in annoyance and sass, "You are not my father, therefore, you have no right to tell me what not to do." "Nay I am not. However, as your blood relation and fellow wizard, I do have a say in what is for the betterment for Middle Earth." Huffing out, Nieven tightened his grip on his staff. His jaw clenched to prevent his anger from bursting out. "The betterment of Middle Earth is ridding these lands from the darkness! What part of that do you not understand?" Scoffing in annoyance, Nienna placed her free hand on her hip in a saucy manner which was admirable against the intensity of Nieven. "Do you even think of what our uncles would think of you right now? You're naivety and narrow mind will be your downfall, Nienna." Nieven scolded with his nose jutted upwards at the woman. The dark locks of hair swished around his shoulders as he shook his head disapprovingly at her. Heavy tension was gradually building in the council as all was silence due to the heated argument occurring. "You can wallow in submission but I will be productive and putting our powers for the common good unlike you all. Keep that in mind when we rid these lands from the ever growing darkness." Sass radiated from the woman as she swirled around to join the group of males who watched them with keen curiosity. Eyes danced between the two magic wielders whose staffs were glowing dangerously blue as the argument grew more heated. They followed the woman as she walked gracefully to Gandalf's side with full determination. No one said a word. Lord Elrond gazed upon each one with a warming of his heart from these individuals who possessed determined and courageous heart that lead to them joining this journey. Each one came from very differentiating backgrounds that could have preventing them from joining. However they are true to their hearts and knew that this is for the betterment of Middle Earth. Eyes strong of bravery and purity that windows their souls. It couldn't have warmed the elven lord's heart more, yet also saddened it with the knowledge of the low probability of success. " Oi ! Frodo isn't going anywhere without me!" A young hobbit cried out as he rushed forth from the elegant rose bushes surrounding the council area. Unlike Frodo who possess dark curls, this young hobbit had bright golden curls that danced in the sunlight. Rushing forward to Frodo's left side, this hobbit had a stubborn expression on his face as he crossed his arms in defiance. "It is hardly impossible to separate you, even when he is summoned to a secret council and you are not." A ghost of an amused smile pulled at Lord Elrond's lips as he looked down at the fierce loyalty that this hobbit possessed for his friend. To say the least that he was slightly impressed that the hobbit managed to maintain unheard and unseen throughout the entire morning was an understatement. "Hey! Or us!" Two more hobbits rushed forth from their hiding place beside the entrance. Each wore a vibrant coloured waist coat as the first two hobbits. Fierce loyalty connected the four hobbits together as they stood strong beside each other. The odds of strength and physical statures were not in their favour yet they remained stubbornly strong. "You'll have to send us home tied up in a sack to stop us!" "Anyways, you need people of intelligence on this mission...quest... thing !" "That rules you out, Pip!" Nienna and Gandalf exchanged a glance with suppressed smiles at the unique hobbits. Hobbits were quite particular creatures that differentiating them from any other race. It was no wonder as to why Gandalf held such creatures dear to his heart. Hobbits were irreplaceable due to their charisma, kindness and purity. It demonstrated right before them. Lord Elrond allowed a small smile to be expressed on his face as he gazed in admiration at each of the members of this particular group, "Ten companions, so be it. You shall be the Fellowship of the Ring." An air of nobility and companionship radiated from these ten individuals. The flaws and differences that each member possessed balanced equally amongst the ten of them. It was an odd group consisting of two men, four hobbits, a dwarf, an elf, and two wizards, however it was a equilibrium between each race. One of the hobbits, Pip, grinned heartily and asked, "Great! Where are we going?" His companion rolled his eyes and shoved him light heatedly for paying lack of attention. Hello everyone! I've had this idea of another wizard, the daughter of one of the two wizards, joining the Fellowship for a long time. The more I casually thought about it the stronger I wanted to write about it. This chapter was one that I couldn't write differently because it is crucial that it stayed the same, but do not fret, this story will be not be like reading a script! For my other story that I've written, I am not abandoning it! I will write for both stories whenever I have time in my busy college life. :) Reviews are great feedback from you readers and it really motivates me to continue writing! Any ideas or suggestions will be greatly appreciated!