pained looks to Legolas when he thought the other wasn't looking. He said nothing, though, and Legolas let him find his own way to be all right again. 11. By the time they returned to Minas Tirith with their kin, their relationship had returned almost to normal. Legolas almost managed to convince himself that perhaps Gimli had moved past his attraction, if not for the braid still in his hair, now a frayed mess after all this time. Sometimes, his fingers itched to comb out Gimli's hair and do the braid up again, but he couldn't; he wouldn't claim Gimli when Gimli had no claim over him. So he kept his hands to himself, and worked on the gardens of Minas Tirith, while Gimli worked on the gates. They shared a room in Aragorn's own home, and at night Legolas sat in the window seat, staring out at the stars and singing quietly to himself (and to Gimli, who occasionally woke enough to complain about Legolas's singing keeping him awake before rolling over and going right back to snoring loudly). He washed and combed and braided his own hair, and if sometimes he imagined those rough hands caressing his locks instead of his own fingers, he told himself very sternly that it was unfair to Gimli to think such things, and shut the thoughts away. 12. The braid was neat and tidy, the tangles gone, and the only indication that it had been done by his own hand was the way it crooked ever so slightly to one side at the top. The wooden comb sat on the dresser, dark snarls of hair caught in its teeth. They stared at each other for a moment that stretched into eternity; without a word, Legolas turned and fled the room he'd only just entered, a whole plethora of unidentifiable emotions coursing through him. 13. Gimli was pretending to sleep. Legolas knew he was pretending because he knew Gimli almost as well as himself; better in fact, he thought, remembering that it had taken him over a year to realize how he felt. Legolas knelt at the side of the bed and nudged him. Gimli's eyes opened immediately and he stared at Legolas in the dark. Legolas folded his arms on the bedside and pillowed his head on them, looking back at his friend sadly. "Gimli," he murmured. "I have been a fool, a stubborn, thoughtless fool. Can you ever forgive me?" Gimli blinked at him. "I could forgive you anything, Legolas, but what do you apologize for?" Instead of answering, Legolas took Gimli's hand and placed something in it, rising to sit on the edge of the bed, his head tilted forward. Gimli squinted at the white comb, then at Legolas's back, his hair fanning out over Legolas's back like golden silk in the moonlight. "Legolas..." "I apologize for making you wait more than a year for me to realize my own heart. Gimli, will you braid my hair for me?" "I- you're- are you certain?" "Very certain." Behind him, Gimli shuffled to sit up. He put his feet either side of Legolas's hips and reached for Legolas's hair, letting it run through his hands for a second, then he stopped. "Wait- won't work," he muttered, "too tall." Legolas took a moment to grasp his meaning. He looked around for the low stool they kept in their room and brought it quickly over, sitting it beside the bed. When he sat on it, he was just the right height for Gimli to reach his head comfortably. He'd expected Gimli to just comb and braid, and was surprised when Gimli took his time, gentling out the tangles with care. Legolas hmm'ed in pleasure as a handful was combed back behind his ears while calloused fingers followed the lock all the way down his back, and Gimli chuckled. "Like that?" "Yes. How did you-?" "Aragorn told me." A lock on the other side of his head received the same treatment and his shoulders almost melted at the sensation. "I came across him combing Arwen's hair and came away feeling I'd been a voyeur. When I went to apologize, he said it's a very erotic thing for Elves." Legolas nodded, the tips of his ears now bright pink. He swallowed. "Gimli, I never-" "Shhh, it's all right." The fine teeth of the comb ran from his forehead all the way down to the end of his hair, brushing imperceptibly against his back and sending chills down his spine. "That's why I took the braid out; I knew then that wasn't the part that had mattered to you." He hmm'ed again as a few bunches were gathered for the braid, deft fingers pressing into his scalp and the comb's teeth guiding those chosen strands where he wanted them. Gimli made quick work of the braid itself, and any hair he didn't want in the braid was brushed gently aside, sending chills coursing through Legolas every time. When the braid was done, Legolas reached behind him to feel it. It was thicker than he was used to. Gimli leaned over his shoulder. "A Dwarven style braid," he said, "so there's no doubt who you belong to." His breath was hot on Legolas's ear and the possessive tone to his voice sent a delicious shiver through his body. He turned around so they were face to face and leaned forward, slipping his arms around Gimli's waist and tilting his head back to look up at him. The thick braid was a pleasant weight on the back of his head. He smiled. "Gimli, my beloved, I do not think there has ever been any doubt about who I belong to." A soft smile settled onto Gimli's face, and he leaned over to capture Legolas's mouth in a long, slow, sweet kiss that sent more shivers through Legolas's body. Legolas pulled back and grinned. "But if you have any doubts of your own, I would be happy to soothe them."