much trust to place in this woman. "You may call me 'Strider." He said after a long pause, breaking their eye contact and looking back out of the window, making sure to keep out of sight. Ivy nodded. "Not your real name, but alright, and where are you taking them?" "This is beyond my wisdom, Lord Elrond of Rivendell, I trust no one but him with this knowledge." The name jostled Ivy's memory; her mentor had been to Rivendell several times for council. She nodded. "It's a reasonable course of action," agreed the woman "I will aid you, at least until Rivendell. What happens from thereon, I cannot say." Aragorn nodded in sincere thanks. "I can ask for no more, my lady, you have my gratitude." Not many would agree with a course this perilous. There were a hundred and one things that could've gone wrong, yet she still agreed to stay. "It's my pleasure. I wouldn't be able to walk away from here with a clear conscience, to leave you to your fates." And Rivendell would be a much better place to send word to the rest. If memory served her correct, a few of their messenger birds were still stationed there. Ivy only needed one; just get word to one of the members and information will spread like wildfire. The woman hesitated. Should this information be passed around? What if it ended up in the wrong hands? No…She will decide upon the matter later on. Knowledge about the One Ring wasn't something to be flashed around carelessly, even in their order. It would be enough to let them know that she has discovered the root of the problem and is dealing with it. A comfortable silence settled between them and Ivy nodded, as if to end their interaction, "Wake me in a few hours, I'll take the second watch. You're no use to us exhausted." She jabbed, taking note of his unshaven and haggard look. Judging by appearance, this Strider has been on the road for weeks, just as she. Aragorn nodded. "As you wish." Ivy headed to her belongings and threw herself down on her leather coat, using her arm as a pillow while the other, out of habit, gripped the hilt of her sword. "My lady," exclaimed Sam, who was the first to notice her take the floor "please, take the bed." She popped open one eye with a look that left little room for argument. "And leave you four sleeping on the floor? Non-negotiable, good night little hobbits." And with that she turned her back to them. Though she was certain that sleep would elude her tonight, Ivy was currently too high strung to relax, too many thoughts going through her head. Not to mention the knowledge of the ring wraiths that were on their way to Bree, if they hadn't already arrived. The woman was mistaken though, and after much pondering she had managed to fall into some sort of light slumber. It wasn't until she heard the angry, blood-chilling screams of the nazgul that she shot up, drawing her sword in an instinctive reflex. Her eyes scanned the room quickly, noticing the three freshly awoken hobbits and Frodo, who apparently hadn't gone to bed at all. Aragorn towered by the window like a solemn guardian, looking down upon the nazgul with a strangely sad look in her eyes as they exited the Prancing Pony and got back on their demonic steeds. "What are they?" asked Frodo. He knew that both of those strange humans offering them protection seemed to know precisely what they were dealing with yet the hobbit hadn't even heard of those black hooded figures. They felt familiar to him, but that might've been the ring trying to get to them. His question caused Aragorn to draw his eyes away from the scene below. "They were once men." He said quietly, his voice just above a whisper as the wraiths howled outside the window. Their otherworldly screams were enough to make most men drop their weapons and flee. Ivy sighed sadly. "They were great kings of men who were offered nine rings of power by Sauron, which they took of course. Mankind is prone to greed…" Her voice trailed away in shame. No one was safe from this weakness. How much evil could've been prevented if only mankind had proven to be stronger? Aragorn nodded in agreement. "He deceived them. One by one the rings corrupted them, prompting their fall into darkness. Now they are slaves to his will." The hobbits were wide-eyed, pressing their backs against the bedframe while Ivy stalked to the window, to take a peek. "Nazgul, ring wraiths, call them what you will, but they're neither living nor dead." She felt a strange apprehensiveness at the sight of the nazgul. It has been a long time since she felt fear again. "At all times they feel the presence of the ring, drawn to the power of the one," He looked Frodo dead in the eye "they will never stop hunting you." Aragorn's words sent chills down Frodo's back and suddenly the ring felt a lot heavier, and the hobbit became painfully aware of its presence once more. It was time to return to its master. And that's a wrap! So greetings to you all. This isn't my very first fanfiction ever, but this is the first time I'm attempting to write something in Tolkien's universe so feel free to point out any lore-related mistakes I might make during the course of this story. It's going to be fun to be creating some lore and culture of my own, especially with the Nameless Ones and how the guild came to be etc. Sending lots of love to my beta reader - Oakenshield's Star. No doubt I'd be lost without you. Make sure to check out their stories as well, as they've been much more prolific in their writing career. Hopefully you enjoyed this chapter, until next time! cm