come to see the King." Nienna nodded and opened the doors to the hall." "Good Elves," she walked through the elves to the throne and sat down, "What brings you to Ered Luin?" One stepped forward, "My Lady, we had hoped to see the King." "The King is very unwell. I am his eldest, Nienna. All matters are to be brought before me. My maid tells me you bring a message from Rivendell. What does my Lord Elrond say?" The elf knelt before her, "My lady, Elrond sends word of grave danger. He says that an old power is rising. He requests that you send your best elves to a council meeting in Rivendell." Nienna sat thinking for a moment. "Thank you," she stood, "I will see to it that you receive food. Will you be staying?" "We are to accompany your elves back to Rivendell." "Indeed. Eámane?" Beatty stood forward, "Yes, my Lady?" "Take these elves to the Kitchens and give them the best food. Also, ensure the stable-hands see to their horses." When the elves had left, Nienna sat back down to think, 'Who will I send? I wish to go myself but I cannot leave Daddy. "A old power is rising." That couldn't be… could it?' She stood suddenly and hurried out of the hall. She ran past elves up to her room. Pulling open drawers, she searched her room for the ring. "What are you doing?" Tarí walked in, "You ran past me in such a hurry I thought something might be wrong." "I'm looking for a ring. It's a special ring that Daddy gave me years ago." "Is it silver, with a funny blue jewel in the middle?" Nienna jumped up, "Yes, do you have it?" "Yeah, I borrowed it. I thought it was pretty. I'll go get it." Tarí went into her room and brought it back, "Why is it so important?" "Did anyone ever tell you the myth of the Great Battle for Middle Earth?" Nienna sat on the edge of her bed, looking at the ring. Tarí sat beside her, "The one about elf and man united in one last stand against a great evil. Yes, I know it, but I don't remember much of it- I was very young when I heard it." Nienna looked at her young sister, "The story goes like this…It began with the forging of the great Rings. Three were given to the Elves, immortal, wisest and fairest of all beings. Seven to the Dwarf lords, great miners and craftsmen of the mountain halls. And nine were gifted to the race of Men, who above all else desire power. For within these rings was bound the strength and will to govern each race. But they were all of them deceived, for another Ring was made. In the land of Mordor, in the fires of Mount Doom, the Dark Lord Sauron forged in secret a Master Ring to control all others, and into this ring he poured his cruelty, his malice and his will to dominate all life. One Ring to rule them all. One by one, the free lands of Middle Earth fell to the power of the Ring, but there were some who resisted. A last alliance of Men and Elves marched against the armies of Mordor, and on the slopes of Mount Doom, they fought for the freedom of Middle-Earth. Victory was near, but the power of the Ring could not be undone. The ring made Sauron and his armies too strong. It was in this moment, when all hope had faded, that Isildur, son of the king, took up his father's sword, and cut off Sauron's hand. Sauron, the enemy of the free peoples of Middle-Earth, was defeated. The Ring passed to Isildur, who had this one chance to destroy evil forever, but the hearts of men are easily corrupted, and the ring of power has a will of its own. It betrayed Isildur, to his death. Some things that should not have been forgotten were lost. History became legend. Legend became myth. And for two and a half thousand years, the ring has passed out of all knowledge. Only the elves remember." "It's true?" "Yes, it's true, and this ring is one of the three given to the elves." Nienna got up and went to her bookshelf. She pulled out a thick, brown book. She set it on her desk and carefully opened it. The pages were old, yellowed and fragile, and looked as though they could fall to dust in seconds. "What's that?" Tarí leant over the desk. "This contains all the histories of Middle Earth from the beginning of the first age until the end of the second age. In this book, the myth of the Great Battle for Middle Earth was first recorded. It should also contain…… yes, here it is." Nienna lifted the ring and looked at it. "What is that?" Tarí read over the passage, "I don't understand it." "That's because it is written in The Angerthas. Although it's Dwarvish- I don't know why." "What does it say?" She read it, "It says, 'Show me the power within.' It's a charm. If the blue stone in this ring glows, then Sauron is rising again." "But Sauron was defeated. He cannot rise again." "Sauron was destroyed, but the ring wasn't. Didn't you listen to the story- he poured his cruelty, malice and will to dominate into the Ring. He poured his spirit into it and while the ring survives, so too does his spirit." Cálena lifted the ring in front of her, "Show amin i' val yassene" Tarí gasped and stared at the ring as it glowed bright blue. "Just as I thought." Nienna turned to her, "I have to go to Rivendell. I need you to stay and care for Father." "What? You can't leave. I don't want to stay here alone. I can't run a Kingdom!" "Tarí, I know you can… you have too. Help me pack…"