were kept. Perhaps during Yuletide, he could sneak in and enjoy a meal of his own… He blinked, feeling rather tired. How did he have to drink? He looked at the flask; it was nearly empty. Dropping it back down, he rubbed his eyes, yawning. It was still night; he probably could sleep here until morning. The half-eaten apple dropped from his hand and rolled from the hand as pulled the blanket tighter about him and closed his eyes. In a few minutes he was snoring. --------------- Elrond looked down at his sleeping son. The boy's head rested against the wall, hair tousled and mouth slightly open. Elladan smiled as he stooped to pick up the apple his youngest brother had not yet finished, while Elrohir snatched up the miruvor. "He has had nearly an entire bottle!" The twin whispered loudly, for fear of waking Estel. Their father sighed. "How many apples are missing?" "Only a few. He apparently drank more than he ate." Elladan showed him the barrel. "And a good thing, too, else he is going to wake up with more than a headache." Estel stirred in his sleep, mumbling under his breath something inaudible. Elrohir bent down and managed to pick his brother up without disturbing his sleep. "Shall I take him to his room?" "Yes." Elrond turned to leave for his study. "Call me when he awakens." Elladan snorted and looked at his sleeping brothers as they started up the stairs. "Estel is going to get an earful from Ada." he said ominously. "And his mother," Elrohir added, "and I do not feel a least bit sorry for him. We have told him many times not to consume too much miruvor." "He simply does not listen very well, does he, brother?" "Nay, he does not." They reached Estel's room, where Elrohir laid the boy down on his bed and pulled the covers over him. "Elladan, the curtains." "Why?" Elrohir gave him a look. "Because when he awakes, he most likely will have a massive headache, and bright sunlight will do nothing for it." The oldest son of Elrond let out a soft sigh as he pulled the curtains shut, darkening the room. "You always learn the hard way, Estel. You cannot say we did not warn you." --------------- Indeed, Estel did receive a lecture from both his ada and his mother. In addition, Elrond made him swallow a spoonful of something "incredibly nasty," in the boy's own words, claiming it would take away his headache. He also was not allowed to leave his room for the day. The youth sat on his balcony, not bothering to pace even in his frustration for fear his headache would come back. He kicked at the closed doors with one foot, sighing heavily as he watched the snow fall. If only he had not drunk so much of that miruvor; he might have had a chance to return to his room before anyone else awoke. But...at least he was not entirely deprived. After making sure no one was outside his room, Estel reached for the blanket that he had wrapped himself in only a few hours ago, and pulled out an apple from its fold. The fruit itself was slightly bruised, but otherwise good. He returned to his place at the balcony, humming to himself as he admired the fruit. A flash a brown caught his eye. Estel stood and pressed his face close to the glass, curious. A lone squirrel scampered across the snow, obviously searching for food. It climbed one tree and jumped to another, tail flicking in the air as it did so. The boy smiled, recalling the conversation he had with his father years ago concerning squirrels. He had not changed much; he was still fond of apples. But…perhaps his opinion of squirrels had changed. Estel looked down at the apple he held, turning it over and over. The red of the fruit was beautiful, a deep crimson that was unblemished. At last, he opened the balcony door a crack. Kneeling down, he stuck his hand out and dropped the apple on the snow. Estel watched as the squirrel cautiously climbed down from a tree and edged toward the apple. It seemed to be pondering whether it should take it or nor, but finally, it skittered across the snow, snatched the apple up in its mouth, and dashed away. The youth let out a chuckle as he shut the door and rubbed his hands, blowing on them. "What are you laughing about?" he turned to see Elrohir standing behind him, holding a cup of tea. "Nothing," Estel reached for the cup, still smiling. "but a squirrel, gwador ." His grey eyes were bright and danced with the light of knowing a private joke. "And an apple." The End Translations: Ada – Daddy Iôn nîn – my son Galadhlin – "Song of the Trees" (I'm at a loss for names here…) Gwador – brother Penneth – young one Gwador – brother (sworn) A/N: For those of you who haven't read the Silmarillion, yes, Isildur did actually steal a fruit from the tree Nimloth during Ar-Pharazôn's time. It was the only way the Tree was preserved. He nearly died in the attempt. But I think it was very heroic of him. As to what kind of fruit, I don't know. But the White Tree is definitely NOT an apple tree. :D The bunny was inspired by a scene in FOTR, the movie. See if you know it. Also inspired by two of Evergreene's stories, "Into the Frying Pan" and "Games People Play." Stories are available on FF-Net. A/N #2: No animals—not even squirrels—were harmed either in this story or in my real life. The worst was that they were sprayed by my brother's water gun. My grandmother encouraged it. Don't ask why; I still don't know. A/N #3: "Bring Him Home" will be finished soon, rest assured. I've only got one and a half more pages to go.