what he was. You would have been executed for treason. You know this." He gave no reply, for he knew what she said was true. She came to him and put her hand on his arm. "I would have been free of him, yes. But I could not bear the cost. It was but words, Eomer, and nothing he said, nothing he did, nothing he could have done would have been worth your life." "And if he had acted on what he spoke of?" She gave a small, twisted smile as she looked away from him. "I had my dagger." He looked at her in silence for a long moment before asking quietly "To use on him, or on yourself?" Her hand fell to her side. "On him, if I could. But if not…" He looked at her for another moment, then closed his eyes tightly and swore under his breath at the impact of the words she had not said. A heavy silence fell, and it was long before he broke it. "Eowyn…" He looked at her again, and reached out with a hand that trembled slightly to tuck her hair behind her ear. It was a gesture he'd used often to sooth her since they were children, and it made the corner of her mouth move as if she wanted to smile but did not yet have the heart for it. "Eowyn, forgive me. I did not know it had come to that for you…" When she looked up at him he pulled her into a crushing embrace, and she returned it as tightly as her newly healed arm would allow. After a long while, she spoke again. "It is in the past now, brother. The Worm is exiled. Our uncle was healed, and lead the Riders into battle with honor. The shadow has been defeated, and there is hope now where there had been none." She pulled away from him enough that she could look at him again. "I did not seek death, Eomer, but I thought it was inevitable. If the dark one prevailed we could not have hidden forever. And if I had to die why should I not die as a shieldmaiden on the battlefield rather than cower in the hills waiting for the Dunlendings or orcs to find us?" He nodded as he released her, "But instead of finding death you found renown." A ghost of a smile made his lips twitch. "I heard many songs about the fair and brave woman who slew the Witch-King while we camped on the Cormallen." She laughed softly and shook her head. "It now seems foolish and vain to have wished for such things." "What do you wish for now, Eowyn?" She smiled fondly, remembering a sunny morning when she had stood high on the walls of the city. "I wish to continue my studies in healing. I have proven that I can defend myself should I ever need to, but… Now that there is peace, or at least there will be, I would… I would plant a garden, and learn to tend it. See it thrive. Learn to use the herbs and plants that grow there to tend to the ill and bring them relief from their pains and suffering. Perhaps if I had known more when our uncle was ill…" "Nay, Eowyn. Do not take the blame for what happened to him. You did all you could to counter what afflicted him, and to protect him. No herbs could have countered the Worm's form of poison." She sighed. "I know you are right, but I still wish I could have done more for him. Eomer…" She looked at him steadily. "I would see our land healed, and see the plains green with the tall grass again, and the fields and herds restored. I will help you work for these things, for I know you wish for them as well. But, brother... I cannot return to Edoras permanently. There are too many dark memories and shadows for me in Meduseld." Eomer's brow creased into a frown. "Were there not happy memories there as well, Eowyn? When we played there as children, or time spent with our uncle before he took ill?" Her smile was wistful. "We came to Edoras in a time of great grief. And by the time the grief had passed you were already starting your training to become a rider. There were happy times there, yes, but… I do not think I will ever be completely at ease in those halls again." He sighed deeply, but then nodded once. "Where would you go? Aldburg is yours, if you want it." She smiled fondly. "You are a good brother to me, Eomer. Ever have you done what you could to protect me, and wanted the best for me." She hesitated a moment. "What if I wished to return here?" He looked at her with surprise. "Here? To Mundburg?" Then his eyes narrowed. "The Steward." Once more she blushed but nodded. Her reply was quiet, but there was unmistakable joy in it. "He wants us to wed, and to dwell in Ithilien once it has been restored." Eomer scoffed softly as he crossed his arms across his chest. "Does he indeed? And he spoke to you of this before even meeting me?" "Eomer…" He opened his mouth to say more, then clearly thought better of it and raised his hands in a sign of truce before taking a few steps away and crossing his arms again. Finally, he turned. "It seems this is what you want as well?" Her brilliant smile was answer enough before she even spoke. "It is. Eomer nodded. After a moment he sighed, and once again took her elbow to lead her to the stools by the table. "Then tell me of him." My deepest thanks to all who helped me with their suggestions and thoughts on the flow and content, not to mention all the grammer and cannon points!