seasons for years beyond count and would continue to do so for untold years to come. Strong as old oak, he was, and seen up close, he had a handsome quality to him just like oak. Nothing flashy, but a sort of quiet dignity, like he might be some sort of wandering prince, exiled from his kingdom. Ach, now, stop flying off on foolish fancies, Bowen immediately chided himself. No Ranger could ever be a king. He stuck out his hand. "Name's Bowen." "Strider. Well met." He had a firm grip. Bowen found himself warming to this strange fellow with the even stranger name. He sipped at his stout as he watched Strider pull off his sword belt, balance it carefully atop the pack, and then settle himself on the booth's hard wooden bench, every move accomplished with an economy of motion that implied that here was a man used to handling himself, and handling himself well. Still, there was a certain shakiness to his hands and those shadows under his eyes didn't look any better up close. "If you'll pardon my saying so, you look a bit under the weather." A faint smile. "If you mean the weather has fallen upon me like the fist of an angry troll, you'd be right." Bowen almost flinched at the gravel in the man's voice. It sounded painful. "Wet and warm your whistle, Strider. You sound like there's a chorus of bullfrogs in your gullet." Strider took a long, deep breath, coughed a bit, then downed several swallows of his hot toddy. He shut his eyes and leaned his head against the back of the bench. If anything, he looked even more pale than when he'd come in. He swallowed, his adam's apple bobbing, and then winced and took another sip. "So tell me... what sort of name is Strider?" The eyes opened and regarded him and again Bowen felt the urge to squirm, but he didn't. "It suits me as well as any other." "So your mother, she named you that?" Bowen couldn't imagine any mother looking at her newborn babe and announcing he would be called Strider. "No, she did not." "So... you didn't like the name she gave you and that's what you came up with. Because it suits you." Strider dropped his gaze to his mug and didn't say anything. "Ah, I've stuck my foot in it. I'm sorry. My old da' always told me I was better at sticking my nose in where it don't belong than anything else I ever put my hand to. Of course it's none of my business what you call yourself. But I've never seen the likes of you, nor ever heard of such a name. Folks around here are more... ordinary like. But you're a whole different cut of cloth, you are." "Ragged cloth, much patched and faded," Strider murmured. He picked up his drink and took a long pull from it, until the mug was drained. He set it down with a thump, then sat watching the people in the room, his expression unreadable. Silence stretched until finally Bowen blurted, "Can I buy you some stew?" Again those eyes seemed to take his measure all the way to his soul. "What sort of name is Bowen?" Strider suddenly asked. "Bowen? Me da's name was Owen, and I'm his son. Bowen." A flicker of surprise. "Not Owen Rushlight, surely?" Bowen beamed. "Aye. You knew him?" "I know of him. Good man. Good farmer, always keeps the rows straight, not a weed in sight, generous with the overflow from his crops." "He passed on, last fall. I run the farm now." Compassion turned the icy grey eyes a warmer shade, almost blue in the smoky lamplight. "I am sorry to hear that. You have my condolences. He was always friendly to my... to me." Bowen had the thought that Strider was going to say something else, but he let it go. "'Be a friend to all, and all will be friends to you,' my da always said. Seems a good way to live." "And has it worked out that way? Are all friends with Bowen, son of Owen?" "So far, anyway. I suppose there might be some that might not be too friendly, but I steer clear of them, if I can. I stick to the folks around here who know me, who know I'm here to help and not harm. That's how my da' raised me, and his da' raised him, and folk hereabouts know that." "Arda needs more such as you." He sighed then, and his gaze returned to his now-empty mug. "You never said... do you want some of that stew? I'll be getting some myself." "I would like that, yes, please. And I thank you." He grimaced. "And I apologize for my foul mood. I am not feeling well, as you surmised. It makes my temper short and my tongue sharp." "No need to apologize. My wife says I turn into an angry boar when I catch a chill." He grinned and then waved at Barliman, holding up two fingers and miming spooning stew into his mouth. Less than a minute later, Barliman was placing two steaming bowls in front of them. Strider pulled out his coin purse but Bowen waved both hands at him. "No, no. This is on me. To celebrate meeting a man with the name of Strider." For the first time since he entered the inn, a genuine smile stretched slowly across the man's face. Bowen was amazed at the transformation; Strider seemed almost handsome. "I do thank you, Bowen. You are your father's son, and worthy of the name." Bowen felt his face flush at the praise. He wished he knew what it was about this Strider fellow that made getting praise from him feel somehow like receiving a boon from a king. Of course, that was nobbut folly. No king ever born would dare go by such a foolish name as Strider.