Elros and I were six years of age when that battle took place. More than three years had passed since last Eärendil our father had tarried at the mouth of Sirion. You lost your father at the age of two: I was but a little older when I lost mine.' He paused to collect his thoughts. 'We were taken by the servants of the Sons of Fëanor. They had been commanded upon pain of death not to harm us, for Maedhros the eldest son was wracked with remorse over the fate of our mother's brothers in the winter woods of Doriath. Despite this the northward journey was long and bitter, for our captors were hardened by the long years of strife and they had little patience for or understanding of young children. When at last we reached our destination in the forests west of the Ered Luin, my brother and I were wild and frightened creatures, less like children and more like woodland animals, skittish and fearful and slow to trust.' Estel was listening intently. If he was having any difficulty imagining his puissant guardian as a frightened little child, he gave no sign of it. Elrond continued. 'It was in that place, in an encampment of our enemies, that we came to the attention of Maglor, son of Fëanor. He took pity upon us, and we came into his care. He bathed us and clothed us in fresh garments, and he laid us to sleep in his own narrow bed. When we cried out in the night he comforted us with gentle words and with fair songs. When we were angry and petulant he had patience with us. When we laughed, he rejoiced in our laughter. He was a Kinslayer. He and his folk had murdered our grandfather and our grandmother, and left our uncles in the woods to starve, and razed our home and driven our mother into the Sea with the Silmaril upon her breast. Yet we came to love him with the love we could no longer give to our parents, and he came to love us as sons of his own. 'Then there came a night when a new star was kindled in the heavens: Gil-Estel, the Star of High Hope, the Evenstar, the constant light of the Silmaril of Lúthien upon the brow of Eärendil as he sailed Vingilot through the heavens. The Eldar looked upon that star and they were glad, for it was a harbinger of hope in a time of bitter despair. I looked upon it, and I was not glad. Do you know what I felt?' 'Sadness,' Estel said softly. 'Sadness and remorse.' 'Explain,' prompted Elrond. As ever, the youth had insight into the hearts of others beyond the ken of ordinary Men. 'Sadness, for it was a reminder of what you had lost and the parents you would never see again,' Estel ventured; 'and remorse, because you loved another with the love you owed to your father, whose light you saw in the heavens.' 'Yes,' Elrond whispered, holding Estel closer to him. 'The sadness did not pass, but the remorse did. As I pondered the matter I came to realize that I did not give Maglor the love I owed my father, but the love that I owed Maglor. I loved him as the one who had been kind to me in my hour of need. I loved him as the one who sang to me and played upon his harp for me. The one who taught me how to ride a horse and how to shoot a bow. The love I gave him was love that belonged to him, and it did not diminish my love for the father I could scarcely recall, nor did it mean I was not loyal to Eärendil. 'This also I realized: Maglor loved me not out of pity or obligation, but because I fulfilled a need deep within his soul. He needed me as much as I needed him, and I brought peace and happiness into his life that he would not otherwise have had. We were not kin: the barest of blood ties bound us. Yet we were family.' 'And we are a family,' Estel said. There was serenity in his eyes as he leaned back his head to look at Elrond. 'You are not the father who gave life to me, but you are my father.' 'And you are not the son of my body, but you are my son,' Elrond assented. 'Atarinya? I love you dearly,' murmured Estel, wrapping his long arms around the Elf-lord's neck as he had done when he was small. 'And I you, Estel,' said Elrond, and suddenly he had a new understanding of the peace that the Sons of Eärendil had brought to the last son of Fëanor. They sat thus for a moment, locked in a profound embrace. Then Estel released his hold and got up off of his foster-father's lap. 'I interrupted you,' he said, blithely apologetic. 'You were composing a letter...' Elrond rose and took the youth by the hand. 'Never mind the letter: it will keep 'til another day,' he said. This encounter had eased his spirit as much as any advice from Círdan, and he no longer felt the urgent need to write. 'The rain is lifting: will you walk in the apple-orchard with me?' Estel looked ready to agree eagerly, but he caught himself. 'If the rain is lifting, I will be expected for my sparring lesson,' he said regretfully, recalling his duty. 'That, too, can keep 'til another day,' Elrond told him. So together they passed through the house and out into the sunlight and thence into the long decades of weary labour and strife beyond, and in after years when the Shadow grew and darkness and uncertainty separated them, each would call upon the memory of a wet spring morning long ago, and find in that recollection renewed strength and courage in their long fight. metta