observed which started to creep her out. Her eyes raced back to his while his words processed through her brain. Then she felt the annoyance flare up and she let out a low growl. "Let me up." He smirked leaning closer. "So it is suitable when you grab me, who has done nothing, and leap upon me with fierce inquiries, yet when I keep you from causing harm you expect me to let thee up?" he asked raising a defined brow. He was returned with a deadly glare from his captive, the wild creature that had fiery eyes of brown thinly circled by dark blue and flecks of green; peach cream skin and long shadowy-russet hair soft as feathers; something exotic and new, awakening his senses and interest grown dull from his monotonous days. He leaned further toward the deviant beauty. "Besides I am quite content with the situation." his voice came out silkily. 'What is the source of these feelings towards this girl? Why am I behaving so? I do not even know who she is.' "Ggggrrrrrr!" the girl's body thrashed about as much as possible, ineffectively detaching the male that clung to her. 'Why that no good- liking the situation. Situation? There's no situation! Well other than him being molded to me. What a blunt jerk. Molded to me? Oh dear, this position must not look so good. No good at all. Oh boy, too much contact.' A pink tinge spread through her cheeks and she ended her efforts upon realizing it only accomplished to furthering the closeness of their bodies. The picture of the two would look like a scene of two lovers in playful chance if it were not for the undignified breaths of the girl accompanying her disgruntled looks at the amused lad. A knock broke the tense silence and the door opened with a slight rustle. The first to break away eye contact was the blue-eyed captor who glanced up at the intruder. 'Good thing your practically family old friend-' followed the displeased thoughts of the blonde. "Ahem, sorry if I was interrupting,' the interloper looked to the youthful looking man who was disentangling himself from the ruffled girl. 'Hmm, what exactly is happening with my once quiet and solemn companion?' "I thought you might like to retire for a time, Legolas?" Aragorn glanced to the rising girl before giving his attention back to the slightly embarrassed and distracted elf. The girl turned her back roughly from the men so she faced the wooden wardrobe. He smiled slightly passing her actions off as a show of her discomfort, which was in her right. 'Have to get out. First get stuff, then leave,' her plans rushed about. In such a way as to not attract the others' notice, she opened the wardrobe that hid her belongings. 'Not staying here. I think I'll just show myself out now.' After grabbing the soft leather and bag, she felt some relief and concentrated on what the two arrogant pigs were talking about. "I would like to speak to you alone my friend," the tall man spoke in a serious manner contrasting to his previous pleasant demeanor. "If that is alright with you, Milady, of course." he directed to the young maiden. 'This is definitely a strange place. Me a lady, doubt they'd call me that if they knew me.' Lorelei gave a nod in consent and they stepped outside the doors leaving it open only a sliver. Her feet silently make their way to the opposite side of the room to the glass door while she put her coat in the bag and slung it over her shoulder. She tested the handle and let out a smile as it twisted. Suddenly the other doors opened allowing the men's searching eyes to wander to her spot. 'Dag-nabit!' They looked a bit cautious as if they were trying to not scare a rabbit into chase. 'Their clothes are strange too, like they came out of an old story book.' The shorter was in green garments while the taller and darker one in a cobalt blue. 'The man in the woods,' her mind stopped suddenly. A flash of memory of fists flying at the man with brown locks of hair and brown irises. Lorelei's eyes narrowed and the blonde, aggravating one stepped forward seeing her obvious, more defensive, change in posture. 'Time to scaddadle!' she concluded and stepped out on the balcony and spotted a tree on the left. A quick jump and scramble to the ground ensued in a matter of seconds before she headed off hearing the movements of those above. She was racing into the woods when she caught the slight thud of another's landing from the tree that gave her escape moments before. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx "I'll make sure nothing harms her," the younger looking man said to his comrade. The other looked into his eyes as if searching for some unknown answer. "Alright. But try not to frighten her anymore, Legolas. She seems to not recognize where she is, and she does not know who we are, so it would be best to calm her fears somewhat if possible," he gave with a stern look. "Do not worry Aragon, she is in good hands," Legolas assured resting a hand on his friend's shoulder. Then he dashed to the window and quickly landed on the grass outside. "I wonder if that is what I should be worrying about?" Aragon mumbled to himself shaking his head as he left the room to tell the others of the girl's awakening. xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx So what says the verdict? Any good? I already have the next chapter lined up but I want to see how you all like this one. Yeah, you might have guessed Legolas is a little out of his shell of quiet and aloofness, tell me what you think. So pleeeeeaaaassse, read and review for me. Thank you for reading and hopefully pushing that cute little button down below saying review.