a matter of trust, it was an extreme risk, but he could think of no other alternative. Many tense moments passed, and then the blade pressed harder and Aragorn knew he had lost the gamble. He shut his eyes, hoping the Elf would at least be quick… The knife disappeared, and the knee lifted from his back. When the Elf released Aragorn's hair, for a moment all he could do was lie gasping in the dust, trembling at how very close he had come to death. He finally collected himself and very slowly and carefully rolled onto his back. The Elf stood glaring down at him. Still trembling a little, Aragorn raised both hands, palms outward. Surely even without a common tongue, the Avar would understand that gesture of peace. Apparently he did, for he jerked the knife toward Aragorn's crude drawing, firing off a string of angry syllables. Aragorn, remaining on his knees, scooted over to the drawing. He pointed at it, then at himself. He made a fist and hammered it as hard as he could onto the tower. He violently scrubbed out the entire picture, then glared back at the Elf, daring him to think anything other than that he was an enemy of Sauron. He neither flinched nor blinked as the Elf seemed to study him all the way to his soul. Finally, the Avar nodded. He took a deep breath, nodded again, and sheathed his knife. He offered his hand. Aragorn took it without hesitation, and the Avar hauled him to his feet. Aragorn pointed to himself. "Friend," he said. He pointed to the Avar, then to himself, then linked his two index fingers together. "Friend." "Fr-iend," the Elf repeated, slowly. He smiled. He patted his chest, then patted Aragorn's. "Friend." But then he scowled. He jabbed a finger at his drawing of the path out of the woods. Then he pointed at the cave and swiped a hand up from his chin over his mouth, nose and then eyes. He stiffened, shutting his eyes and twisting his face into a rictus of death. He then started to sing but cut it off by covering his own mouth while shaking his head as he waved at some distant spot in the forest. The Elf's warning was obvious: if Aragorn tarried another night, the Elf and his song might not be nearby to drive back the shadow. Aragorn nodded his understanding. He crossed an arm over his chest and bowed, hoping the Elf sensed his gratitude and his respect. "Friend," he said. When he straightened, the Elf awkwardly crossed his own chest and mimicked Aragorn's motions. "Friend." For a moment, he looked deep into Aragorn's eyes, then frowned and looked away, apparently thinking hard. He looked for a moment as though he walked in dreams, but then he blinked, his eyes alight with amazement. He leaned down, excitedly dragging Aragorn beside him. More drawing, and Aragorn was astonished to see the unmistakable figure of a crown, a crown with what looked to be wings on either side. The crown of Gondor… The Elf looked at him eagerly, but Aragorn's mouth seemed filled suddenly with cotton wool. How had the Avar so easily plumbed his mind for the very secret he kept so carefully hidden? Or had he the gift of foresight? Regardless, that he had discovered Aragorn's identity so easily was disastrous. Knowing it was too late to hide his shocked reaction, he nonetheless shook his head vigorously as he waved both hands in denial. "No, nothing like that," he said, acutely aware that his voice had gone up an octave. He cleared his throat. "Just… friend means friend, not king. No. No king." The Elf laughed as he calmed Aragorn's flailing hands by grabbing his wrists. "No king?" "No!" He smirked, then winked. "No king. Friend." Aragorn's relief left him weak. "Yes. Friend." The Elf shook his head with more than a little disdain. He tapped the embroidery on his shoulder, then the mithril leaf in his braid. He knelt and pointed to the crown, then to the silvered leaf. "King." "You?" A shrug and that smirk again. He stood tall and puffed out his chest. His mien turned proud as he jabbed a thumb at himself. "King!" Aragorn shut his gaping jaw and started to bend a knee, but the Elf couldn't maintain the haughty manner. He collapsed in such lighthearted mirth that Aragorn couldn't help laughing along with him. "King. No King." He shrugged as if it were no matter. Then he linked his fingers together as Aragorn had and shook them for emphasis. "Friend!" But then sorrow touched his eyes. He gently turned Aragorn toward the path and gave him a nudge. He muttered a single word that could only have meant, "Go," and then with a final sad smile and a soft squeeze of Aragorn's shoulder, he stepped back and just that quickly, melted into the forest as though he had never been. Aragorn stood blinking at the trees, a little stunned by the Avar's sudden disappearance. He searched the shadows, but the Elf was truly gone, leaving Aragorn gripped by a sudden malaise that in its melancholy felt nearly as paralyzing as last night's shadow. He had never even learned the Elf's name. His steps reluctant, he nonetheless turned away to his own path and retraced his steps all the way to the Wild Wood's edge and beyond before turning around for one last look. A tale of Cuiviénen he would never tell his grandchildren, but he took comfort knowing that instead, he would tell them of coming upon a mighty wood and finding an ancient evil, and of being delivered from sure death by an Elf's timeless song. More importantly, though, he would tell them of the magic of an unexpected friendship that needed no words. He lifted his hand, somehow sure the Avar would see. "Farewell, friend." Then he turned his face toward Hildórien and started walking. -Fin-