Nárion had drifted to Minas Tirith and led a life of petty crime and odd jobs. When the soil had begun to burn under his feet, he had come to Osgiliath and joined the army. Now he hummed a tune, as he clothed himself. After checking the polish of their boots, the two marched to the gate of the garrison along the others. Soon enough they were almost in the centre of Osgiliath. Nárion waved his hand to Ereg and said: "Well, have a nice evening!" "What, don't you come with us? There's a cheap tavern on the riverside." "Oh, no, I have another appointment. Maybe next time." With that, the small man walked around the corner. Ereg shrugged and followed the others, who were lured by the seiren-call of cheap ale, greasy meat pies and pretty barmaids. -- The week dragged slowly and at last Sunday came, sunny and relatively warm. The wake-up call was sounded two hours later than usual, but many were awake well before it nonetheless, waiting their day off with eager anticipation. After the breakfast almost all the soldiers of the regiment streamed out of the gates, Ereg and Nárion with them. Nárion declined, when Ereg asked him to come to Ereg's home. "It is very kind of you, but I don't think I would suit in the company of people like your parents, no offense. And I have again something else to do." Again he walked away with a brisk pace. Ereg was quite intrigued by his behaviour. Nárion hadn't come with the others to taverns almost ever, but always slipped to his own ways. There had been speculation that he had a woman somewhere. Nárion himself had supported these theories by a grin here and a sly comment there. Ereg pondered. He had only promised to his parents to visit them in the afternoon, so he had plenty of time in his disposal. And it would be interesting to see what Nárion was up to. He made his decision and started to follow his friend from some distance. Nárion walked quite a long way, to the southern riverside, where poorer folk lived. Ereg saw Nárion going inside a little badly-kept house and staying there for some time. He waited for some time, and wondered if he should go away. The situation was quite embarrassing and he felt that what he did wasn't proper. Just when he was turning to go, the door of the house opened and Nárion came out. Ereg was quite surprised when he saw that the other man was accompanied by a little girl, perhaps four years old. The two walked hand in hand, chattering merrily and the girl sometimes laughing with a bright voice. Ereg was embarrassed but followed them nonetheless, as the whole thing was very strange. He thought he began to understand, though. Nárion and the child walked to a public garden and sat on a stone bench, the girl talking endlessly and the man listening with a tender smile on his face. Now Ereg decided to make his presence known. He surprised the two by striding in front of them and exclaiming: "Why, Nárion, you never told you had a daughter!" The little girl was startled and clutched the sleeve of Nárions tunic, peering at the strange man curiously. Nárion went all red and stammered: "She... she is not my daughter, but my niece. My sister Riliel is her mother." Then he turned to the child: "Say hello to my friend Ereg. He is in the same company as I." The girl let go of Nárion's sleeve and said shyly, curtseying: "Good day, master Ereg." Ereg smiled gently and greeted her in military fashion, by placing his right fist over his heart. "Hello, little one! What is your name?" The girl didn't answer, but looked at her feet shyly. Nárion answered for her: "Her name is Dilthwen and she will be five two months hence. She is my sister's only child. Riliel's husband died last year and she has to work in taverns and wash laundry to support the child and herself. An old woman looks after Dilthwen usually, but I do that whenever I can." Now Dilthwen had gained some courage and broke in: "Master Ereg, are you an officer? My uncle always says they appear when you least expect it." Ereg grinned a little and answered: "No, I am not, little maiden. Like your uncle, I am only a man-at-arms. Be glad that you don't ever need to be a soldier." "Oh, I'd love to be a soldier, if I was a boy! You have such handsome clothes!" Now both Nárion and Ereg laughed, the former stroking Dilthwen's hair. Nárion said: "You have something to learn of this world, it seems. Wait until you are a big girl, then you won't anymore want to be a man-at-arms." Dilthwen was incensed: "But I AM a big girl, mother said so just yesterday!" "Oh, of course. Don't be angry, I was just joking. What if we went home? I can tell you a few stories and then it is time for you to go sleeping." Dilthwen forgot her anger instantly and exclaimed: "Oh, yes! I want to hear again about the bear and the princess, and the story about the Swan of the North, and about the old blacksmith with enchanted hammer. When we walk, tell me about the man who found a golden treasure." Nárion rose and took Dilthwen's hand. "I'll do that. Now, be a good girl and say farewell to Ereg. Ereg, I'd appreciate if you didn't tell about this. You see, the laugh would never end." The girl curtseyed again and said: "Goodbye, master Ereg!" Then the two walked away, Nárion beginning to tell: "Once upon a time, there was a farmer. Now, he was very poor..." Ereg watched them walk around the corner, smiling. Then he turned and began his long walk to his parents' house. -- Read and review, please.