all, he understood full well the importance of the boy's life and his particular value to his guardian. Any other father would have made the same choice... But it was not that simple, he knew. Elrond Peredhil was not any other father. He was the lord of this valley, and though most were polite enough to forget it, the High King of the Noldor. He had a duty to his guests. The needs of his family came second to that. Had there been anything more that he could do here, the matter would have been different, but he was useless. The simple tasks of nursing could be carried out by anyone. He moved to the clothes-press and began gathering fresh garments. Then to the jewel-box on the bureau, where he took up a silver circlet and a pair of emerald brooches. Elrohir watched in puzzlement: clean clothes were meant for comfort, but the jewels would not be needed in this room. 'Atarinya, what are you doing?' 'I need you to enlist the help of the elf-maidens in changing the bed-linens,' Elrond said quietly. 'They are growing quite foul. Bring fresh athelas and lavender to sweeten the room, and have food brought for the Lady Gilraen. She is under no obligation to attend the feast tonight, but I must.' Elrohir's face crumpled in mingled sorrow and compassion. 'Father, no one would fault you for your absence tonight.' 'Perhaps not, but nonetheless there would be fault.' Swiftly he began to strip off his soiled garments, and Elrohir lent his deft assistance. 'I will slip away later in the evening, and I charge you to fetch me if anything should change. So long as he sleeps I have not the luxury of staying by his side. Furthermore,' he added wearily as he fastened his mantle to his shoulders with the brooches; 'his mother doubtless longs to sit by his side, and she would disdain my presence.' 'Gilraen is a good lady, Atarinya,' Elrohir said. Over the years he had managed to strike up a friendship with the widowed Chieftess; a feat that few others had accomplished. 'But a lady not over-fond of me,' Elrond told him sadly. In the early days, when the wife and son of Arathorn had first come to Rivendell as refugees before the threat of the Necromancer, he had poured his attentions into befriending the toddling child. The unintended result was that, though Estel loved him and trusted him, his mother did not. She was grateful for the protection afforded to her and to her son, but at the same time she resented her dependence and it did not please her to see the bonds of filial love between her child and this Elven stranger. Elrond's efforts in this matter had been to no avail, and often he had wished that his daughter were here. Arwen would have had insight into the heart of the Lady Gilraen that he, despite his reputed wisdom, evidently lacked. It was impossible of course: Arwen was with her mother's kindred in Lothlórien, and the threat from Mirkwood was swiftly making the mountains impassable. Neither Elrond nor his sons would suffer the lady Undomíel to risk their crossing: they remembered all too well the doom that had befallen her mother in those treacherous hills. A swift brushing brought his hair into order, and he settled the circlet upon his brow while Elrohir gathered the cast-off clothes into two bundles: body linens for washing and outer garments to be aired and brushed. A quick glance in the looking-glass reassured Elrond that his appearance betrayed nothing of his weariness or his growing despair. Moving to the bed, he bent and brushed his lips across his ward's inflamed brow. 'I will return as soon as I may, Estel,' he promised. The unspoken supplication was clear: please, my son, do not worsen in my absence. Then he moved to the door and opened it. In the antechamber, the Lady Gilraen swept to her feet, rising from the couch where she had been seated. Clearly she had been expecting Elrohir, for her face, at first frantic and vulnerable with worry, hardened when she saw Elrond. 'My son...' she said as coolly as she could, though he could see her desperation and her pride were warring within her. 'He is sleeping at the moment,' Elrond told her gently. 'I think it would do him good if you would sit with him a while.' It was plain that she had been longing for this, and yet she did not want let him see it. Elrond felt a thrill of compassion. Poor mortal child: she had been no more than a girl when she had lost her husband and her home to the machinations of Sauron. Her sole focus in life was her son, and it hurt her to share him, however much his other relationships benefitted the boy. 'I suppose it would,' she said with admirable restraint. Elrohir came out of the sick-room, carrying the bundles of laundry. 'We two shall care for him this evening, lady,' he said gently. Opening the door that led to the corridor, he handed his burden off to the attendant who had been standing watch over his lord's apartments. Then he returned to the room and offered Gilraen his arm. She took it gratefully and allowed herself to be led into Elrond's bedchamber. The Master of Rivendell watched them go, but the moment the door closed he was making his egress. With each step that bore him away from Estel his heart grew heavier, but he pressed on with dignity befitting his station. He had obligations that went beyond his responsibilities as a father, and this was one of them. Promising himself that he would slip away as often as he could during the evening's revelry, he quickened his pace. The guests were surely within sight of the house now, and he had to be at the threshold to greet them. It was his duty.