mean?' asked Barli. The man arched an eyebrow. 'What else indeed,' he said in a singsong way. 'What do you do? For a living, I mean?' Barli pressed, encouraged that he had not yet been told to hush up and work. 'What I must,' said the Ranger. 'Lately that has meant wandering in the Wild.' That did not sound like any sort of a living to Barli. He thought about the wide, wild lands beyond the comfortable town wall; away from the farms and cotholdings that surrounded Bree. There was nothing out there but trees and rocks and trouble. Everybody knew that! 'What do you eat out in the Wild?' Barli asked worriedly. 'What I can carry and what I can catch,' said the Ranger. 'I've had no time for hunting, not in three weeks, and there's a limit to what a man can carry on his back if he wants to keep limber, even if the burden grows lighter each day. Tomorrow I'll go out in the woods and sniff out a rabbit or two. That should see me through quite nicely.' That made a little more sense. Rabbit was very nice, when spiced and roasted and served up with parsnips and potatoes and good fresh bread. Barli found that he felt a bit better. 'Where do you sleep?' he asked. 'Tonight I'll be sleeping in one of your vacant rooms, provided your father was content with my work,' the tall man said. Barli didn't notice that it was not much of an answer. 'I understand the inn is not at capacity tonight.' 'No. We almost never are. Half-full, lots of the time. Tonight it'll be about three-quarters, because folks from Combe and Staddle won't want to ride home in the sleet,' said Barli. 'Mam says we'd do better trade if Da would let her wash the sheets after every guest, instead of just once a fortnight when it's that room's turn on the schedule. He says soap's too expensive, and we'd have to take on more help, and most travelling folks wouldn't know a clean bed if it jumped on them.' A wistful look flicked through the man's bright eyes, but only for an instant. Then he shrugged his shoulder and dragged the rag out of a hobbit-sized mug with a squelch. 'I think you'd be surprised,' he said. 'That's something to consider when you're an innkeeper yourself. Sometimes it's the travelling folk who most appreciate the little luxuries like clean sheets.' Barli found himself wondering if this man had ever had a bed of his own, with clean sheets and a fat straw mattress with a goose-down pad on top of it, and a quilt sewn by his mother and two nice, plump pillows in a neat little room where he could shut the door when his sister was too irritating. He wondered where Rangers came from, and how they got to be Rangers. He supposed, with some surprise, that this tall stranger must have had a mother once upon a time. He wondered what she would have thought if she knew how her son was living. His own Mam would have been sad and worried and ashamed. She always said she wanted Barli to amount to something, which as far as he could see meant making a good success of The Pony and settling down with a nice wife. 'Did you ever have a bed?' he said before he could stop himself. He flushed crimson. This was almost certainly a rude question. But the man only curled his lip again and tilted his head to one side, pouring out a tall tankard and handing it over. 'Why, yes,' he said. 'Not so very long ago I had a most comfortable bed, in a fine stone house with a walled garden on a very respectable street.' 'Why did you leave it?' asked Barli, baffled. Who would leave a house on a respectable street to sleep out in some ditch, or beg a night's shelter from a niggardly innkeeper? 'The bed was comfortable, but my situation was not,' the stranger said with a finality that was almost a command. Barli didn't stop to wonder whether he was commanding the boy, or himself. He bowed his head once more over his wet work. 'Do you know any stories?' he asked, unable to think of any other way to change the subject. The man looked up from the dishwater in some surprise and very nearly smiled. 'One or two.' 'Would you tell one?' Barli said hopefully. He hadn't expected the peculiar man to be so patient with his questions, and it didn't hurt to ask . 'Very well. What sort of a story would you like?' 'Something about faraway lands,' answered Barli promptly, scarcely believing his luck. This was his favourite kind of story. Sometimes when there were travellers from afar staying at the inn, he would creep down into the front hall and listen as they told their tales around the common room fire. He wasn't usually allowed across the threshold after seven o'clock, but Mam seemed to tolerate him lurking on the other side of the doorway so long as he didn't make a nuisance of himself. 'Faraway lands…' the stranger said in a curious tone, and all of a sudden his eyes were far away, too. Then he came back to himself and nodded, falling back into the rhythm of his washing again. 'Very well. There is a land called Rohan, and it is very far away. If you follow the Greenway almost to its end you will come there, and you will find a country that is very flat, with only low rolling hills instead of the great stony ones in this country, and very few forests. The people of Rohan are skilled horsemen, and the husbandry of their animals is unequalled among Men. The horses of Rohan are fair and fleet and very clever, and the best of these horses belong only to the King…'