cock at the nearly sinful sound that rumbled from Frodo's throat and couldn't help but open his mouth to engulf what he could of his lover's arousal. The scent he had so often cherished, rosemary and fresh oatmeal, was now heavier than ever before. However, it wasn't just the clean scents he detected, for the heady scent of Frodo's arousal now engulfed Sam completely like the heat of a Summer's day. Unable to get enough of the new sensation, Sam found his fingers flying to the ties on Frodo's breeches to unlace them, his tongue still lapping reverently over the fine velvet covering his master's cock. "Sam!" Frodo gasped out, unable to keep his thoughts to himself at the overwhelming sensation of every nerve in his body. "Sam, please..." He moaned, unsure exactly of what he was asking for as he felt his breeches being removed. "Don't you worry, Mr. Frodo, I'll take good care of you." Sam replied softly, his eyes meeting Frodo's for a moment in soft adoration. "I'll always take care of you." He whispered, his lips sliding effortlessly over the girth of his lover's arousal. Frodo opened his eyes for a brief moment, meeting Sam's gaze. Although he was currently bared and exposed in front of another for the first time, Frodo felt no shame or hesitation. No, instead Frodo felt his heart swell with far more love and adoration for Sam than he ever thought possible. He began to smile softly, but suddenly found the expression melted away by the heat of Sam's mouth sliding over his erect cock. In an instant, Frodo found his lower lip between his teeth, a loud groan of pleasure escaping his throat despite his best efforts to keep quiet. Sam kept his eyes closed as he swirled his tongue around the velvety head of Frodo's arousal, his master's taste sharp and bursting against his tongue with every bread of precome he was able to coax out. Humming in pleasure, Sam opened his eyes to gauge Frodo's reaction, his movements halting for but a moment in revert awe. There Frodo lie, head tossed back against the worn arm of the couch with his lip captured between his teeth. A light sheen of sweat had begun to cover him, and in result caused the milky skin on his chest to glisten with the soft firelight. Sam sighed in soft, fulfilled contentment through his nose and began to continue his ministrations over Frodo's velvet flesh. However, he didn't get to enjoy the feeling of his master's heavy flesh against his tongue for much longer before he felt a soft yet insistent tug on his hair. "Is somethin' wrong, Mr. Frodo?" Sam asked quickly, licking his lips to revel a final time in the sharp flavor he had experienced. "No, Sam." Frodo replied, breathless as a smile fluttered across his spit shiny lips. "I'm just very close, and I want to be near you when I finish." Frodo's frank words were like a punch of arousal to his gut, and Sam realized how aching he truly was, and how close merely bringing pleasure to his lover had gotten him. "Anything you wish, Mr. Frodo." Sam said softly, slowly sliding up his lover's body. Frodo let a small breath loose as Sam slid up to eye level with him, allowing their erections to line up in such a way it was nearly the most pleasurable thing he had ever felt, aside from Sam's talented tongue. "Oh, Sam." Frodo whispered, stroking the gardener's cheek before his hands moved to finish sliding his robe off Sam's shoulders, leaving him bared. Sam's eyes went soft with adoration at Frodo's whisper of his name as the dressing gown fell from his shoulders. "Mr. Frodo... Frodo," He murmured, finding the use of just his master's first name odd, but fitting for the moment. "I love you." Frodo could have cried out of happiness upon hearing the three words he longed to hear for so many years from Sam's lips, and quickly captured those lips in a soft kiss, his arms wrapping around his gardener's strong frame. "Oh, Sam, I love you too." He replied, voice wavering with the combination of joy and arousal in the moment. Sam looked into Frodo's eyes once more before closing his eyes to capture his lover's mouth in a kiss. Slow and deep, like the burning of coals upon a fireplace, the two Hobbit's kissed, their bodies moving in natural friction against each other. Tongues twined together in a slick dance between their shared breaths as their erections moved together in perfect sync, each hot, slippery thrust against one another bringing each closer to orgasm. As Sam's name erupted from his throat in a shout of pleasure, Frodo spilled against his stomach, his pearly seed glistening in fat droplets upon his heaving abdomen. At Frodo's moan of his name, Sam rutted but twice more against his lover before he too was spilling upon Frodo's abdomen, a low groan rumbling up from his throat as pleasure overtook him. Too weak to hold himself up any longer, Sam rolled to the side of Frodo and instantly pulled him close. Frodo smiled as he moved towards Sam with what seemed to be the last bit of strength he possessed. Resting his head against the gardener's chest, the Hobbit sighed in contentment and twined his fingers with Sam's. "I definitely will be keeping you late from now on, Sam." Frodo teased, leaning up to place a gentle kiss against the other Hobbit's lips. "I was hopin' as much, M-" Sam began, smiling at his old habit, "Frodo." Frodo sighed happily and nuzzled closer into Sam's side, breathing in the heady scent of their combined pleasures as his eyelids fell heavily. Noticing by the pattern of Sam's breath that he, too, was slipping into a fatigued sleep, Frodo twined their hands together. "I'm glad you're with me, Samwise Gamgee." He murmured, pleasant sleep overtaking him not a moment later.