horse, head down and long, black hair hanging around his face. Elrond felt his heart ache as his son raised his face to stare at his mother. He had expected fury, resentment, childish petulance—all the strange but typical reactions Elladan had when faced with grief. Not this time. It was hard to make out which tracks on his face were tears and which were made from the rain, but it was clear that his son wept. Elrond uttered an unbidden, unidentifiable sound when he saw the expression on his son's face. Never had Elladan looked so like a child, so bereft and so utterly lost . He knew that if he looked, the expression would be mirrored on Elrohir's face. Elladan lifted a hand weakly towards his mother. In moments the proud adult had been reduced to a mere elfling. "Nana," he sobbed. Celebrían slid somewhat ungracefully off of her horse and ran to gather her son in her arms. She did not tremble this time. Seeing this, Elrohir and Arwen dismounted from their own horses and embraced their mother and brother. Elrond wanted to drop from his horse and run to them himself. He wanted to gather them in his arms and never let go. Anything to delay the inevitable. Anything to make her stay. He couldn't make force himself to move, though. All he could do was offer his family these few brief moments. After a time, he felt a tugging on his horse. Erestor had taken his reins again and was gently urging the horse to go forward once more. Elrond met Glorfindel's apologetic eyes, the brilliant sapphire-color dull. "We must go on, my friend. The boat will not wait forever." He steadied his lord as he swayed once again. ~*~ Oh, please don't go, Let me have you just one moment more. Oh, all I need, All I want is just one moment more. ~*~ The stone wharf, though unmoving, felt unsteady beneath his feet. Moored beside it was the brilliant white ship that would take his wife away from him. To a land where she would rest and be rejuvenated, to a land where the memories of the horrible wrongs done to her could fade—to a land where he could not follow for many, many years. Celebrían made her farewells to the friends that had accompanied them—so many from Lórien and Imladris. She spent a longer time with her children and parents, weeping, at times laughing, and just holding them. In the end, she came to Elrond. He stood before, his arms feeling like lead even though he wanted to take her in his arms and never let go. He felt lost, a ship without a compass while a storm roared around him and hid the stars. Tenderly, she touched his face, slipping long, gentle fingers into his hair. "This is not for forever," she said as she looked into the silver eyes of her husband. Then she was enveloped in the fiercest embrace he had given her yet. It was the grip of a dying man, adrift at sea, who has just found a battered plank from his ship. "I cannot do this," he whispered, breathing harsh and erratic. His heart thundered in his chest. "I cannot. There is so much . . .so much to do. . .without you, I—" he stopped, at a loss. "I will fade, Celebrían. I think this time I will fade." He cringed, realizing his words could be taken as an accusation. His wife did not take it as such, however. "No you won't, Beloved," she said, her gaze loving but firm. "Elrond Peredhel is much too strong to fade. Grief has ever been your companion, however wretched a companion it has been. You will not permit yourself the same weakness that has overcome me." She shushed his protests. "While there is work to be done, you will not allow yourself to fail." No words came to him, so he merely buried his face in her shoulder and neck. The strands of her hair were still as fine and soft as silk, the smell of her sweeter than any flower he had ever come in contact with. He made a valiant effort not to damper her hair and the cloth of her dress. She did not fault him, but soothed him gently as she had her children when they were young, rubbing his back and whispering words of comfort. Elrond, though not insufferable like many of the Eldar could be, still had his pride. There were few times he had freely wept in the sight of so many. "This is not for forever, my Beloved," she said again. ~*~ Oh, please don't go, Let me have you just one moment more. Oh, all I need, All I want is just one moment more. You've got to hold me, and maybe I'll believe. ~*~ Numb, silent, cold beyond belief, Elrond watched the boat drift away from the wharf. Celebrían stood where she could watch her family, and they her, as the boat came nearer and nearer the high walls and towers that marked the exit to the sea. He watched her disappear over the horizon, the fading sunlight catching the brilliant white of the ship and causing it to glow for an instant. Then it was gone, out of sight, carrying with it his wife and his heart. He would not sleep the same again, waking to the dark room and searching in vain for the one that was supposed to be beside him. He would not truly smile for many years. His family would not be the same as it had been, becoming distant. Above all, though. . .he would not fade—and someday, his family would begin to mend the broken pieces as best they could. It was not for forever. ~*~ So hold me Even though I know you're leaving. ~*~ ~~FINIS Thank you for reading! Review if you enjoyed or if you have any constructive criticism.