saying to him, but he could not quite make sense of it. Somehow his negligence had been turned to the good through a labyrinth of evil happenings. It did not make sense. 'Your kindness, and Legolas's, and that of all your good-hearted guards did not sow misfortune,' said Aragorn. He rose, leaving the brush upon the floor but keeping one palm consolingly on the yearling's head. His other he placed on Losfaron's shoulder so that they stood eye to eye. 'In ways not even the Wise could have foreseen, that small act of generosity that led to Gollum's escape became a stone in the path of destiny that led us to this.' He gestured broadly as if to encompass the stables, but Losfaron knew it extended far beyond that. Aragorn, Elessar Envinyatar whose own role in the downfall of the Enemy had been as great as any save perhaps that of the Ring-bearers themselves, was speaking of the vast world about them, now free from the Shadow. 'It was a little thing: to take a pitiful prisoner from his cell that he might feel the night wind,' said Aragorn. 'Yet it is upon such small kindnesses that Light and Goodness must thrive. None could have faulted you for your good heart even had the consequences been dire. But now you have a share in our victory, and a stake in the peace your mercy helped to bring. Rejoice in that, and realize there is no need for pardon or apology.' Losfaron swallowed painfully, trying to maintain his composure despite the joy that now sang in his heart. It was not joy for himself alone, but for all of Middle-earth. In that moment, the triumph over evil felt more real to him than at any time since the fall of Barad-dûr six months ago. Until now it seemed as if he had been walking in a beautiful dream, only to awaken to find it had all been true and more besides. 'Aragorn,' he said, his voice coarse with the potency of his epiphany. 'I must thank you. Even had I known all this, I do not think I would have seen my folly to have any part in the goodness that has come to the world. It has been said that you are Elven-wise, but to that I must cry false. You are wiser than this Elf, at least.' Then the King laughed, so clear and so joyous a laugh that Moroch whinnied her agreement and the tall war-horse stamped his approval. Even the little unnamed yearling danced her slender hooves in infectious delight. Aragorn clapped Losfaron on the shoulder. 'Even the wisest cannot always see their own virtues, or they may dwell overlong upon their perceived misjudgments,' he said. 'Let us talk no more of matters of doom. Tell me of your adventures since last we met. I have heard you maintained the borders of Thranduil's realm while he marched to war? As I have said to others, such labours are noble and too oft unsung.' For a time they talked, while they finished grooming the two horses and settled them in the stall together. At last they stood leaning their forearms on the rail and looking as the filly savoured some sweet oats and Moroch caressed her firstborn with the underside of her jaw. 'What is her name?' asked Aragorn, nodding to the yearling. 'I have not yet given her a name,' said Losfaron, a little dreamily. 'At first it seemed there was much time to find one fitting, and then…' He shrugged his shoulders. 'With the fall of the Enemy and news of the coming of the King to Gondor, I began to think perhaps her master would prefer to name her. I call her my pretty one , for her mother has already laid claim to 'lovely' and to 'fair'." 'That seems thoroughly fitting to me,' Aragorn said. 'But who is her master, if not you?' Losfaron straightened his back and squared his shoulders. The King did likewise, a half-smile of mingled puzzlement and comprehension upon his face. There was a question in his eyes, too, and a protest. Before he could give voice to any of this, Losfaron held out his hands in a gesture of offering. 'Doubtless Your Majesty has many mighty steeds at his command, and doubtless he has received far more splendid gifts,' he said; 'but I beg you to accept this nimble-footed little maid as a present from two old friends who wish to give of their best.' Now it was the King who shook his head in reverent disbelief. 'She is a princely gift, Losfaron, but she is too young to be taken from her mother.' 'What need is there of that?' the Elf asked, smiling. 'We have been called here to bring trees to gardens of stone. It is a labour that will last two years at least, and likely many more. While I dwell in your fair city, may they not be stabled together? And when at last we depart, I know that Moroch will be proud and contented to cede her offspring to your care.' At this Moroch whinnied her sanction, tossing her proud head and turning from her babe to lean over the rail. Aragorn reached to scratch her ears, and she closed her eyes in bliss. 'So be it,' he said. ' Netyamair shall she be called, the pretty one, and she will be the jewel of my stables. Thank you, Losfaron of the Greenwood. I am fortunate indeed to have such friends, and it is my joy to have you as guests in my realm.' 'The joy is ours, good King,' said Losfaron, joining in the stroking of Moroch's neck. The peace was not only Arda's but his own, he saw now. The days of the Renewer were upon the land, and he would rejoice. From his well-appointed stall, the great warhorse snorted indignantly; one might more accurately say jealously . Again Aragorn laughed. metta