Do I have to teach you everything?" Allie thought for a minute. "Pretty much, yeah. But she'll wear them camping and I'll see them then, so what's the big deal?" "I told you, they're pretty. You might want me to make you a pair." "I might…" Allie looked at the shoe Hannah was making wistfully. "Yeah. Some green ones." "Go buy the yarn and I'll make it." "You mean you're going to make me pay for the yarn?" Allie asked incredulously. "What kind of sick twisted person are you?" "My services don't come cheap, my friend. I have to make it through college somehow . I'm paying for myself, remember? Scholarships don't cover everything…" "Yeah, true enough." Allie nodded. "Okay. So can we watch something else?" "Um…" Hannah looked at the TV. "No. This is interesting." By this point in the show, the Mythbusters had proved that a toilet could explode and had moved on to proving that eel skin wallets (which are actually made out of hagfish) could erase the information from a credit card. They attempted to do this by holding handfuls of the slimy fish. Allie looked slightly green. "Ew. That is…" She gagged. "That's disgusting." "To you. I think it is a marvel of animal evasive maneuvers." Her point was proved as one of the fish fell onto the floor and wriggled around. No one could seem to get it off the floor, as it produced a slime that proved to not only smell, but look rather mean. And it was slippery. "That's disgusting." Allie said again. "Ew. I think I'm going to be sick." "Oh, grow up." "Hey, now." Allie pouted slightly. "I'm not going to be a math teacher." "Science." Hannah corrected her. "Well, whatever the hell you're going to be, I'm not. I shall be a writer and be just like Mrs. Johnson! And she was a whimp. Plus, and you have a stronger stomach than me. So there." Allie stuck her tongue out as she collapsed on the couch. "Gaah. That's disgusting." She repeated one more time. "Okay, fine. If you're not going to change the channel, I'm going to class. I'll be the first one there and people will think I'm a nerd and then all the jocks will run me off campus, and…" "Allie, you're too athletic. You'd outrun them and then come back here." Hannah winked. "Go. Study. Do well. And throw my stuff in the back of the truck, will you?" Allie grumbled a reply. A few seconds later, the front door opened and shut. Hannah turned back to the TV. A few seconds later, she decided that she couldn't bear to be alone in the house, and so she marched to her room, got dressed, and left the house. The weather was frigid (try 13 degrees) so some coffee sounded very nice, especially since the stuff at IHOP earlier that morning had been stale and burned. After a quick Starbucks run, Hannah walked into her Trig class, where two other students, a boy and a girl, were sitting, making goo-goo eyes at each other and completely ignoring their notes. Hannah sat down and commenced studying. When she left the building three hours later, the first thing she did was run back to Starbucks for more coffee—it tended to go through her system rather quickly these days—and then she headed home. Before she even walked through the door, Allie and Kaylin raced past her and jumped in Kaylin's ancient Chevy truck, which looked weather beaten and rusted beyond all recognition. Three suitcases were sitting in the bed of the truck. "Shotgun!" Allie cried, jumping in the passenger seat. "Bobby!" Hannah cried loudly, launching herself into the seat behind Allie. Two years ago the girls had gotten tired of yelling 'seat behind the shotgun' and thus named the seat Bobby. The middle seat was Harold and the seat behind the driver was Penelope. "No! Don't sit back there." Kaylin giggled. "Sit in the middle." Hannah shook her head and rolled her eyes. "Make Allie sit in the middle. She's skinnier. I'd just suffocate you both." "You know, technically we all take up the same space. I mean, it doesn't really matter where we sit because Hannah will suffocate us either way." Allie giggled, obviously pleased with herself for providing evidence that she should not have to sit in the middle, where the only heat choices were pointed at your face, your chest, or your toes, none of which were comfortable. "Don't you go getting all mathematical on us!" Kaylin warned. "I vote that you sit in the middle." "I agree." Hannah winked. Allie grumbled again but complied. From the car cooler, Hannah took out two sodas and a bottle of water. She passed the water to Kaylin, who was Mormon and did not partake of things of the caffeine variety, and one of the sodas to Allie, who was not Mormon and drank enough caffeine for herself and Kaylin both. As she buckled herself into the seat, Kaylin sighed and raised her water bottle. "Here's to the best Christmas ever." Best indeed. A/N: HA! I FINISHED IT!!! I was supposed to post it like last Sunday night and I definitely got lazy. And now, when I'm supposed to be doing schoolwork, I'm writing this instead. Aren't you all proud of me? I would at this point like to point out that I might make a few Mormon jokes, but only because one of my coauthors is Mormon and we're really poking fun at her. Please do not take offense! Aaaaaaaaaand… To those of you who read this, here's a spoiler. Glorfindel frowned. A human, and a woman at that, was fast asleep in the snow just outside of Imladris. From the looks of things, she wouldn't be waking up any time soon. Could this day get any more unusual? With a sigh, he nudged Asfaloth closer to the woman's body. And that was when things got very interesting indeed.