lingers far more than Haldir is comfortable with. "He is my guest here…" Quickly, he turns back to Haldir. He had noticed he was staring. "As you have been, many times before." He hesitates just slightly to nod. "Indeed, it is so." Legolas smile between them, then asks, "Will you be staying? Please tell me it is so, it has been nearly ten years since your last visit, and you left so soon…" "I will stay, if you wish it to be so." "Excellent. There is not much time left as it is, and I want to cherish these moments with you." He smiles back to Estel, who nods, as if accepting that Haldir will be staying with them. However, Haldir frowns. "Not much time?" He notices, for the briefest of moments, Legolas' eyes widen. As if he allowed something to slip. But he quickly regain composure, shaking his head with a smile. "Oh, nothing, it means nothing." He shakes his head, now leading them away from where they stand. "Let us not dwell on it. Come, I'll lead you both to my quarters, we shall catch up there." Haldir frowns, obviously missing something, but one look to Estel, and he knows that they have a certain understanding. His frown is one of sorrow, and slight guilt. His eyes are cast down as well. He has something to do with what Legolas is speaking of. Haldir finds determination within himself, and moves forward to walk beside the Prince. "Legolas… you are keeping something from me." "No, Haldir, please," he puts on a smile, but Haldir can see right through it. "You are mistaken." "I have known you for nearly all of your life. I met you as a child, when you came to Lothlórien all those years ago. I am not mistaken. I know you very well, and I shall continue to until my last breath. I am certain you are keeping something. It bothers me because I can sense your pain of such knowledge." Suddenly, Legolas stops, his eyes to the ground. He shakes his head, as if to himself, then looks to Estel. Some sort of exchange takes place, and he turns back to him. "What I am to tell you must never be repeated to anyone ." He nods. "You have my word, until my dying breath." Still seeming uncertain, Legolas guides them into his quarters, leading them inside and shutting his door, making sure his windows are closed, as well. Haldir and Estel stand rather uncomfortably, but Haldir is shifting more out of anticipation for Legolas was to tell him, rather than Estel, who looks rather nervous… Once Legolas deems them truly alone, he turns to Haldir, taking his hands in his own, and says with a strong tone: "In the future, though how soon or far is yet to be determined… I will choose a mortal life." There is silence, and Haldir tries to take in the news… Legolas, his Prince, the one he has been in love with for nearly 2,000 years, was to choose a mortal life. He would not sail to Valinor. He would not likely become King of Mirkwood, unless an heir was produced before then, but… there would be no point in it, if he were to die such a short life. His grip increases on his hands. "My Prince… you… you have make such an important decision…" "I have. I know what my heart longs for. I know what I must do." His eyes flicker to Estel, and Haldir keeps himself from sighing. "… You are in love." He does not need clarification, for if he did not continue, he may have simply broken completely, right then and there. "With Estel, yes?" He turns to look at the other mortal, who looks away. "… With Aragorn ." Then, Legolas speaks words he never wished to hear, no matter if he knew them to be true or not. "I am in love with Aragorn." Again, more silence. This one was rather long, strenuous, and uncomfortable for them all. Haldir finally speaks up, not sure of what else to do. "I see…" He looks to Aragorn. "I see in your eyes… loyalty. Great loyalty, and honor. I know, the way you look at him… you are in love. And I know, just by spending mere moments with you both, together, that Legolas is in love with you, too." "Our love is real," Legolas assures. "I have already given myself to him." The words feel like a stab to his beating heart, the vital organ already faltering in its steady rhythm. He could not have… it could not have been so…! Surely, he did not mean it… but the certainty in his eyes was more than an answer. "Is this so…?" He sees Legolas nod, and he knows: he has lost his love to another. Yet was Legolas 'his' love? Obviously, he had never told him of his feelings… and now, it was too late. But he cannot allow Legolas to know. Smiling softly to convince Legolas that the coming words were sincere, he says, "Then I have faith in you. Both of you." But he had yet to keep faith within himself. He knows, now that Legolas has found another, he can only watch. But this, he considers, could be for the better…? Odd as it sounds, he finds some sort of sense in this notion. He knows he could never have confessed his feelings for the Prince… but if he could watch over him and Aragorn, ensure that their love was true… could it be enough? He knows he will be causing himself great grief… It will be painful for him, but he will do anything for the Prince, this he knows. His happiness meant everything to him. If it meant making sure he would love, and be loved in return, it would keep him satisfied. He wished for love more than anything. But now, he had missed his chance.