of her paradise. She feared to risk sleep though so she did not get to her dream and it left her feeling incomplete. But the short time in the water gave her renewed vigor for life. Later that same night, the Colters had a dinner celebration for the abundant success from hunting that day. Giliath, being the most successful, claimed the attentions of all. It filled him to overflowing with pride and he decided the time had come to approach Meli regarding their future. It was the season they were to come of age and he was very anxious and very self assured. He knew she would get up to leave seeking solitude as usual and he followed her as she made her way to her favorite place to sit and gaze at the stars. He had followed her before on more than one occasion; though she never knew, for he was very good at being unheard and unseen. He would watch her, listen to her songs and dream of this day playing it out in his mind over and over until he felt it was right. She began a soft song to her favorite star, high up in the heavens. It was the brightest of all, watching her and giving her, his attention. Giliath listened; inhaling the beauty of her notes, but soon became impatient. She stopped short when Giliath softly slipped through the brush, and stood before her. His black hair was glistening as the moonlight silhouetted his strong body and his smile was warm. "Don't be afraid," he said, "it's only me, Giliath. I was just wondering my Lady, if I could sit with you for awhile? It's very nice out and I would like your company." Meli felt a little annoyed at his formality and intrusion, but answered politely although nervously, "Well, I guess I don't mind." They sat for a long while looking up and about, neither one really knowing what to say. Finally feeling confident, Giliath leaned closer and began whispering his desires to her. Meli could not help noticing how smooth and golden his skin was. His soft brown, his eyes almost made her heart melt as his long black lashes folded over a sweet smile. Gently and romantically he told her of his feelings and his plans. His sweet manner of delivery would make any female swoon; but not Meli. Never had she felt so frightened and uncomfortable. Old thoughts began running in her mind; why he would want her? She had known all along his feelings for her, but she did not understand, for her shyness kept her at bay and she was never encouraging, never giving him the chance to know her. Often she asked herself, what would life be like with him, but she could not see it. It was as if it was void, and could not exist. And she could not deny that she cared not for his ways; his complacency, boisterousness and bragging. Yet deep inside she felt there resided a sweet loving soul and once or twice she even fantasized about him in that way. But of late the only thing on her mind was the ship; the wondrous kiss, the passion it stirred in her. She was confused. It seemed to Giliath it was taking her way too long to respond and he was becoming nervous and impatient. She smiled politely not knowing what to do or say and it gave him the wrong impression. He gently leaned in to kiss her, hesitating for just a moment to savor the sight of her lips and she faltered for just that moment, as desire surprised her. And just as he continued on he missed, for she pulled away, crying "no," and as a frightened deer she ran back to the hall with Giliath running after her calling "Melanna! Melanna!" But she did not stop. There were two Elves singing a beautiful duet of flowers as Meli entered the hall. Out of breath, she took a moment to compose herself. Seeing her Mother and Father she at once ran to their side, pretending with a smile to be enchanted by the song. Giliath thought it was only her shyness. He had picked up on her moment of weakness, feeling the passion that radiated from her for that very short instant. It gave him confidence and he ran in behind her; determination driving him, as he sat down next to her and took her hand. Her Father looked on and smiled. Now she was caught like a fly in a web! She could not struggle without bringing more trouble upon herself. Her Father had spoken of this many times, telling her that she should marry him, but she would only blush and change the subject. There weren't any other choices really and her marrying well would make him proud. So for a long while she sat there, her hand in his, not looking at him. And as he held it, she felt his warmth flow through her and for another moment she faltered. Then the thought crossed her mind. "Could he be the one on the ship? The beautiful kiss?" Her shyness began to overwhelm her as she felt her cheeks grow hot and now, even more she had the desire to run but she was no longer sure what it was she wanted to run from. Confusion boiled inside her but frightened as she was, all she could do was listen to the music, and wait for the first opportunity to excuse her self for the night and find the safety of her room. But Giliath would not let her get away so easily. When the opportunity came and she begged leave of her Parents, he followed her out the door and all the way to her room. It was too much for her and without answering his many pleas she softly closed the door behind her, leaving poor Giliath on her doorstep bewildered and frustrated.