we still can." They wound their way through the milling herd as quietly and calmly as possible, keeping low and hoping that the dim light and slight motion of the cattle would mask their passage from anyone looking out of the window as they slipped out of a gate at the far side of the enclosure. As Aragorn was latching the gate he was stopped by a light touch on his shoulder. "Leave it open Strider," Legolas quietly intoned, "they should not be confined like this… Besides," he added with a sly smile, "it will help cover our tracks, and give those men something to chase besides us." "My brothers would be proud of you, mellon-nin." Aragorn softly chuckled as he quietly propped the gate open. "Your brothers are never going to hear about this, Strider!" Legolas admonished. "Now let's get out of here." They ran swiftly and silently south out of the town, and then cut north heading straight towards the shallows about five miles above town… This time, they both needed a bath. # Post-ROTK "He was still complaining about the smell a week later," Aragorn sniggered as the glade was filled with the ringing sound of elven laughter. "I was complaining? Who was it who was scrubbing and oiling his coat down almost every day for a fortnight?" Legolas laughed and then added with a smirk, "For all the good it did, it still smells!" "Mud and manure!" Trelan chortled, "I would love to have seen that!" "As would I…" Elladan grinned. "…but only from up wind!" His twin finished for him with a giggle. Raniean chuckled and gave the prince an appraising look. "I had no idea that you had such common tastes, hir-nin… Do you still take that tunic with you when you travel, just for special occasions?" he finished with a mock bow. Legolas rolled his eyes, and shook his head. "If you must know, it wouldn't come clean, so I burned it!" It was several minutes before the merriment over that last statement died down, but when it finally did, Aragorn fixed Legolas with a smug smile. "You cannot deny this time my friend, that you unquestionably did start this one." Legolas scowled at him. "It was not my fault, the tables were an accident." "An accident!" He exclaimed. "You do not seriously expect us to believe that you are incapable of standing up without knocking over and destroying half a room, do you?" Aragorn shook his head in disbelief as the others laughed and nodded their agreement. "And how do you explain that noise that you made?" Aragorn said with a grin. Legolas had never explained that one to him and he was hoping to finally get an answer. Legolas looked at them and tried to figure a way out of this trap… He could not tell them, but how else to explain his actions? Even if he conceded that it was his fault, they were never going to let go of it until they got some sort of explanation for his bizarre actions that evening….Ai! He could feel the colour rising to his cheeks just thinking about it! Aragorn noticed the blush suffusing the elf's cheeks as he attempted to keep from squirming. It was close now, he could feel it. "Well…?" "It was her fault!" Legolas muttered. "Her?" Aragorn queried in confusion as the others exchanged puzzled glances. "You don't mean Himwen, that girl that was so sweet on you, do you? … How could she be at fault? She was just standing in the corner behind you." Oh Valar! How was he supposed to put this?! Elves didn't do this sort of thing! Finally dropping his burning face down into his hands, he softly gritted out, "She pinched me." There was a very brief moment of stunned silence before they all exploded into raucous laughter. "She pinched you?!" Aragorn gasped through the tears streaming down his face from laughing so hard. "Oh, mellon-nin, I had no idea that the situation was so dire! No wonder you wrecked the place!" He teased, falling over from the push he received from the embarrassed elf. "Strider!" Legolas growled as his shoulders started to shake with the suppressed laughter he was holding back. He gave a start as he felt the gentle touch on his shoulder and looked back to see Dari gazing at him with a gentle and sympathetic smile on his face. He had come in on the tail end of the story and didn't really understand what was so funny, but he knew what it felt like to be laughed at. "It's okay, Leg'las, Naneth pinches my cheek all the time… you don't have to be embarrassed." He comforted in an attempt to make the elf that he was so fond of feel better. Legolas could not help finally bursting out laughing as he swept the little boy up in an affectionate hug. "Thank you little one, you are very wise… which is more than I can say for the rest of you." He said, with a bemused glance at the others. Aragorn just laughed even harder and snickered, "Prince Sweetie got pinched!" Legolas turned with Dari still in his arms, a wicked smile on his face. "Let's get him, Dari!" he yelled as he launched the two of them at the helplessly laughing King. The End. EG Oh come on! I'm just having a bit of fun... and rather like the idea of making the elf blush ;p. Besides; I know there are those of you who would have done it if you had had the chance!;p For those of you who are wondering about the origin of the name Himwen, I got it from the name generator on the MC site after entering the word "Flirt". The translation is probably far from correct, but I somehow doubt that the good professor ever thought to translate flirt or any other such terms into Sindarin, so what the heck. ;p