burning timber crashed down to his left, and he rolled onto his stomach, pushed himself up, and crawled away from the fire. He realized that he didn't remember where the door was. He closed his eyes, thinking. His foggy brain wouldn't respond. He continued to move, not knowing he was headed in the wrong direction. He raised his eyes to check for danger. He cried out as a burning ember fell onto his back. He twisted as it burned his shoulder, trying to shake it loose. He staggered to his feet and moved faster, stumbling as his dizzy head spun the burning place around him. And then, he felt his wildly thumping heart stop. The building was falling, but he couldn't hear it. Trapped in a silent panic, the elf tried to jump away from the falling timbers, but they were all around him, creating a tighter prison, the hot air burning him. Tears leaked form his irritated eyes and smoke burned his throat. He tried to find a way out, but his confused mind didn't respond. He was trapped. Outside, Glorfindel was working himself into a frenzy, for there was no sign of Legolas from the steadily collapsing building, though not long ago he had heard a cry go up from inside the building. Glorfindel's heart was rent in two as the building slowly fell in on itself. Inside, Legolas had collapsed, struggling to breathe as the smoke filled the air around him. But as he began to crawl back the way he had come, something crashed into him from behind, knocking him flat and pinning his body to the ground. The weight of the timber that ensnared him was enough to crush his ribs as he struggled to free himself. He called for help, fully panicking as the fire raged, and finally, the whole of the building fell, showering him with embers and bits of burning wood. Silently apologizing to Glorfindel for not getting out in time, Legolas let go of his fragile hold on consciousness. Glorfindel, however, was not giving up on his friend's life just yet. As the wreckage settled, he leapt forward, and a few of the men he had called to him went with him. The four of them approached the burning ruin and looked desperately for any signs of life among the wreckage. The men called for water as Glorfindel stared into the ruin, not hearing the hoofbeats of approaching riders beyond the scene. He disregarded the stir among the villagers until a hand clapped into his shoulder, and a familiar voice spoke in his ear. "What happened here?" Glorfindel turned an empty face to Elladan, who stood next to him while Elrohir regarded the wreckage of the building. "There was a fire..." Elladan snorted. "I can see that, Glorfindel. I meant, why do you stand here as if your soul has died?" Elrohir joined his brother at Glorfindel's side, and without taking his eyes from the ruin, asked quietly, "Where is Legolas? He was with you, wasn't he?" Glorfindel gasped as Glorfindel his his eyes in a shaking hand, not answering the unspoken question. Elrohir and Elladan leapt into motion when Glorfindel made no sign of movement. By now, the fire had burned itself out, and it was easier for the twin elves to approach and begin to dig in the ashes. Shifting timbers, the two brothers kept their eyes alert for any signs of their friend. Finally, after ten minutes of frantic searching, during which Glorfindel joined the twins in the hunt for Legolas, Elrohir gave a shout and dived forward. The village men who had been helping jumped as he did so, and Elladan advanced as well. Glorfindel had frozen, dreading what the twins would bring out with them. Elrohir had seized a white hand peeking out from under a fallen cage of timbers. Elladan turned to Glorfindel. "Help us move this, will you?" In a daze, Glorfindel moved forward and helped Elladan to move the logs. Elrohir pulled the limp, ash-covered body out form underneath the mess and clear of the wreckage. The other two elves rushed to his side and began to brush off Legolas' face. Elrohir lowered his head to the inert elf's chest, listened, his brow furrowed. He raised his head, looking confused, then lowered it again, looking for a heartbeat he could not find. Elladan pushed his brother out of the way and tried to find the life in Legolas' prone form for himself. He too sat up, looking bereaved. Glorfindel snapped into action. "Out of the way," he ordered curtly, and the two younger elves moved out of his way. Kneeling next to Legolas, Glorfindel pulled out a dagger and held it in front of Legolas' mouth, then pulled it away. There was no mist on the knife. Glorfindel covered Legolas' mouth with his own, breathing for the lifeless elf, then ordered one of the twins to do it while Glorfindel slammed his fist into Legolas' chest, prompting a heart beat. After a short time, he told Elladan, who had leapt in to help Glorfindel, to stop, and the golden-haired elf pressed his head to Legolas' chest once again. Closing his eyes, Glorfindel's whole body seemed to sag. Thinking the worst, Elrohir and Elladan collapsed on each other, eyes wide and disbelieving. Glorfindel glanced at them and smiled. "He lives. We must get him to your father." The villagers would never know if the younger golden elf would live or not, as they watched the four mysterious elves ride away from their town. But the story of his bravery would be passed down from father to son, father to son, until it passed from story into revered legend. /\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\/\ Wow, that's the most elvish I've ever used. That web site is priceless. Read and review please, even if you hated it, and please be kind and considerate in your review! Merci beaucoup! *All Sindarin translations are from http :/ realelvish. net/ allinone_ sindarin. php