I had heard was her voice singing. I knocked once and the door came open. She must not have closed it very well. I knew I should have alerted her to my presence, but I wanted to continue listening to her for a little while longer. She wasn't in the main room as I closed her door. I had drifted closer to her voice before I realized she was in the bathing chamber. I didn't want to interrupt her, so I continued to listen to her soft voice as I moved ever closer to her. I sat down before I went too much farther, and removed my boots. I then stood back up and continued my slow progress. I finally reached the bathing chamber doorway, and I peered in. I took a slow, deep, calming breath as I realized she was most definitely in the tub and only partially covered with bubbles. Her headleaned back against the rim of the tub with her hair hanging over the edge. She had her eyes closed as she continued to sing. She was slowly bringing one hand up to brush a stray hair off her face when I stealthily made my move. I approached the tub as silently as possible while removing my shirt, for the moment I would leave my pants on. I did not want to completely scare her with the plan that I had devised the moment I entered her room. I approached the tub a silently as possible, and knelt down beside it. I quietly grabbed, with my right hand, the forgotten washcloth from the edge of the tub delighted that it still held plenty of soap for my purposes. Lindariel was still softly singing, and still quite unaware of my presence in the room. I slowly edged the cloth towards her shoulder that was above the water. At the contact between her skin and the soapy cloth, her eyes snapped open. I silenced her with a finger to her lips before she could say anything, and I didn't say anything to her either. I just continued gently scrubbing her shoulders and neck with the cloth. I soaped it back up again before I could go any farther. As my hand pushed the cloth down towards her breasts, I noticed her breathing becoming deeper. I smiled as I continued to look into her eyes, which had turned a curiously dark shade of green. I continued washing her, not letting my hand linger too long in one spot. I quickly finished washing her stomach, and put the washcloth in my left hand. I pulled Lindariel slightly forward with my right arm, so that I could wash her back. She finally found her voice when I laid her back against the tub. "I…" She started before I again silenced her. "No talking, óre nîn." I said surprising the both of us with the endearment. I continued to stare into her eyes as I pushed the washcloth farther down on her body. I proceeded to wash both of her legs before I moved the cloth to the juncture between her legs. She sharply inhaled as I started to massage her with the cloth. I moved my left hand to the back of her neck as I leaned forward and caught her lips with my own. I ran my tongue along her lips seeking entrance into her mouth. At the unknown sensation her lips parted and my tongue delved into the moist depth. She gradually moved both of her arms to encircle my neck as I continued to claim her mouth as my own. I dropped the cloth from my fingers as I slowly started to trace the entrance to her vagina with my fingertips. I could feel her tense up. "Óre nîn, open up. I won't hurt you." I promised her. Realizing that part of the problem lay with our positions, I gently picked her up out of the bath and carried her into her room, placing her on her bed. At our first broken contact in quite a while she looked up at me with an expectant gaze. I carefully climbed into the bed and lay down beside her. I leaned over and started kissing her again. This time Lindariel responded eagerly. As we continued to kiss, my fingers were starting their exploration back up. My fingers slowly started to probe at the entrance to her nether lips. As she didn't tense up at this contact, I carefully started to insert one finger into her. At this simple movement she let out a small moan. Encouraged by this, I easily slipped another finger in and started to move them around. As I continued kissing Lindariel, I realized that her breath was quickening so I stepped up the movement. As my fingers teased her clit, I could tell that she was close to climaxing. I myself was feeling a need, but I was determined that this would be her treat not mine. I didn't know who might be wandering near her room, so I kept my mouth upon hers in a continual kiss. I knew she was getting close, and as if in answer I felt her start to move against my hand. I put more pressure on her clit, and she started to reach the edge. With one more flick of my fingers against her clit she came. As we lay there slowly catching our breaths, I lazily started drawing on her body with my hand. She finally looked up at me and placed a gentle kiss on my jaw. "That was certainly a significant bit of enlightenment." "Yes, there is a certain value to an education, óre nîn. Now let's sleep for a while." I said, knowing full well that she was exhausted after the entire day's happenings.As we continued to lay there; I was still drawing lazy circles on her. I finally drifted off to sleep sometime after she did. óre nîn roughly translates as my heart in elvish.