not know what to say to him anymore. I talk about meaningless things and I know he is getting more and more confused. He confronts me about it one evening, several weeks after the assassination attempt. "Have I done something to offend you?" he asks, and I shake my head. He takes a deep breath, "Then why are you suddenly so cold with me." I cannot face his refusal so I mumble something about fear of assassins. His distant look softens and he takes my hand in his own, and I feel a leap in my heart at the contact. "The assassin has been dealt with and his punishment was such that I doubt any will try in the near future. I have also increased our guard. You are safe." I pretend to be pleased about this and he pulls me into an embrace. It is one which a friend would give to another friend and I cannot help but wish it was something more. Winter is upon us and I am pregnant. I only suspected at first but today it is confirmed and I am filled with fear and confusion and I know I should be happy, but all I can think of is that if I have a son, my time spent in Eomer's bed will be over. Yet for Rohan's sake it has to be a son. I can hear sounds in the next room and I know that any minute now, Eomer is going to come in and I will have to tell him. I cannot hide it from him. The door creaks open and there he is. I will not stall. "Eomer, I have something to tell you." He smiles gently and sits down next to me, "What is it?" I take a deep breath and then say it. "I am pregnant." For a moment, he has a look of great surprise on his face, and I get the impression that he did not expect that. Then he smiles wildly and jumps off the bed whooping for joy. "You're pregnant! That's incredible. How... when... I..." but then he looks at me and though I am smiling he sees right through it. "But what is wrong?" I cannot help it. I tried so hard not to but I burst into tears. His jubilation ceases and he gathers me into his arms. "Lothiriel, what is it? Are you hurt?" I shake my head and sob all the harder. He rubs my back soothingly as I say with great heaves, "But if I have a son, you won't lie with me anymore!" His hands stops and then he is tilting my face to look at his and he says, "But isn't that what you want?" "No, that isn't what I want at all." Eomer looks at me with the most intense expression on his face, "Then why would you think that I would stop." "Because you don't love me!" I cry out and then freeze, realising what I had admitted to. Eomer leans in close to me and says in his low, deep voice, "Why would you think that?" Then he kisses me in a way that he has never kissed me before and when he pulls away I am left giddy and panting. Eomer is smiling and I realise it is one I have only seen when he is looking at me. "Silly girl, I have loved you from the moment I first laid eyes on you." And then he kisses me again and I lose myself in it. Later that night, after we had made love, I ask him why he had never told me so before. He looks at me so sadly and says, "Because I knew that you didn't love me." "But I did!" I exclaim. "Not always, but I have for some time now. I've known since you were almost killed." He laughs, "That is why you acted so distantly from me." I nod, ashamed of myself, because we would have been happy for so much longer if we had just been honest. He snuggles into me and I revel in this new affectionate side. "I thought that I'd done something to offend you. Elfhelm must have been driven mad with all my love sick complaints." "You talk about our marriage, to him," I gasp, offended. He shifts nervously and says, "I talk about everything to him. I wanted to know how to woo you." I laugh, as I see how embarrassed he is and anyway, I am too happy at the moment to taint it with anger. It is a wonderful thing to love someone and know they love you back. I scream and then my own scream becomes mingled with another more blessed sound and I fall back panting in the bed, watching as my baby is washed and swathed in cloth. "It is a boy, my lady Queen. A prince for the Mark," says a woman as she places the bundle in my arms. I smile down at the baby and am so pleased because I see myself in it and I see Eomer in it and I even see Theo in it and the thought doesn't sadden me as it once did. The door burst open and Eomer stands there, gazing at me and the babe in my arm with a look of such wonder in his face that I cannot help but laugh. "Come see your son, My Lord," I say to him and he approaches, skittish and afraid and stares down at our son. "He's so beautiful," he says, whilst running a finger down his cheek. Yes, he is, I think whilst looking from my husband who I love to our son who is the image of all my loves. I could stay like this forever, but slowly exhaustion takes me and I can feel my eyes begin to droop. Before I am asleep though, I can hear my husband whisper the name of our son. Elfwine.