her, closing it again. She hammered her fist on the gate again but he would not answer for her this time. Just as she was about to give up, a man approached. She looked at him, hugging her arms to herself as the cold rain pelted her body. He was clad in a black cloak, the hood hiding his face. He looked to have a strong build and Amelia noticed a sword hidden under the cloak, a bow and quiver of arrows hidden underneath it as well, she guessed. He glanced at her then proceeded to knock on the gate. The keeper did not answer, probably thinking that it was Amelia again. She sighed and was about to tell the man it was no use, when he knocked again and the keeper answered. The keeper looked at Aragorn before glaring at Amelia. She glared back as the man beside her spoke. "She's with me," he said, voice clear and strong. The keeper raised an eyebrow, obviously unbelieving. Amelia was about to walk away when the man spoke again. "I asked her to go forward and tell you I was coming," he explained, pressing the man to let them in. "Have you seen the way she's dressed," the keeper complained. "Why should I let her in?" "Because she's with me." The keeper grumbled but opened the gate for them nonetheless. Amelia stuck to the man who had helped her gain entry and followed him towards an inn named 'The Prancing Pony'. However, before they could enter, he stopped and rounded on her. "I helped you gain entry," he said, voice low, "so you can now go your own way." "I am going my own way," Amelia said, trying to convince him. "I was coming here." He didn't seem to believe her as he walked into the inn. Before Amelia could follow him, a man shoved past her. He was large, probably covered in muscles, and seemed to have a certain objective in mind. She didn't get a good look at his face but she followed him in anyway. As the door closed behind her, she noticed the man who had helped her into the small village talking to the man who had shoved past her. She edged over to them, unsure of what they were saying to each other. She couldn't get close enough to them without attracting attention to herself. The man who had helped her into the village began walking away and Amelia let out a sigh of relief. For a moment there, she thought a fight was going to break out. Then, as she was about to turn away and find some help, she noticed a glint of something underneath the mans cloak. He withdrew it silently, and began to walk behind the man who had helped Amelia. "Look out!" Amelia yelled, drawing every person in the bar's attention to the two men. The man who had helped her withdrew his own sword and the two met with a deafening clash. Amelia bit her lip in anticipation. Surely they wouldn't go as far as to kill each other? Luckily, the bar tender leapt up. "Put those things away," he shouted to them. They both looked at him before complying. They went their different ways and the man who had originally helped Amelia came over to her. He grabbed her arm and dragged her to a table. She sat across from him and gazed at him, eyebrow raised. He lit his pipe and lowered his hood slightly so she could see his face. He had a small beard but he was one of those men that it suited. His brown hair was wavy and ran to his shoulders. His hazel eyes stared at her in interest before he spoke. "I am Strider," he said, voice low. Amelia looked back at him, before she smiled lightly. "Amelia," she said, her voice equally as low. "I am in your debt, Lady Amelia. You helped me back there." "Oh, it was nothing, really. Although…" Amelia paused, thinking. She knew a way he could repay her. If she was going to be stuck by herself for a while, she'd need to know how to handle a weapon of some sort. A plan arose in her head; have Strider teach her how to use a weapon then have him help her find Rae. The plan was perfect! "I know how you can repay your debt," she said at last. Strider sat up a little taller in his chair, a silent motion for her to go on. "Teach me how to use a sword. Teach me how to battle." "That is something I cannot do," he told her, shaking his head. "Of course you can," Amelia replied, smiling. "You seem to have skill with a blade and I just need to know the basics so I can find my sister." "Just the basics?" "Yeah." "Okay, I have the first lesson for you. Swing the pointy end at your opponent." Amelia gave him a look that said ' I'm not amused' . He shook his head and gazed out the window. "Training you will not be as simple as you are making it out to be," he told her, turning to look at her again. "Why? Because I'm a girl?" Amelia asked, slightly angry. "No. Well, yes. You're fragile." "I'm agile too. Trust me, there would be benefits if you taught me." She paused. Then added, "Please?" Strider gazed at her, having a silent battle with himself. He had to admit, she had talent. Well, she could detect a sword anyway. She was medium build, could probably manage to fight of a few orcs with the right amount of training… he was really taking this seriously. "Alright," he sighed. "I will train you." Amelia grinned at him as he leaned back in his chair, taking a particularly long drag from his pipe. Elvish Translations. " Mani naa essa en lle? " - What is your name?