you are able. But give to him. He will have a long road ahead of him, and a dangerous and hard one. It will be smoother with two strong brothers at his side than with only one." Elladan smiled faintly. "Elrohir was besotted with him from the day of his birth." "And you were unaffected?" "I admit that I thought he was ... a handsome baby." "He is a winsome toddler now. I would like for you to finally allow yourself to know him." Elladan's shoulders sagged. "As you wish, Father. I will ... try." xXx Elladan entered the Hall of Fire gingerly. He chided himself. It was not as though the room were filled with orcs. Far from it. There was only his brother, and a small child. He swallowed hard. Actually, this was far more frightening than any roomful of orcs could ever be. Elrohir turned toward him. Aragorn ... now called Estel, his father had told him ... was sitting in his lap. "Elladan!" Elrohir cried, his eyes filled with joy that smote Elladan's already battered conscience. Elladan felt his cheeks burn. He had much to say to his brother, many apologies to make. And apparently, as he looked at the ragged tear across the back of Elrohir's coat, a new coat to fashion for him. But he said nothing as he crossed the room and sat on the edge of a chair opposite his brother. Elrohir smiled at him, but turned his attention to the little boy in his lap. He grasped Estel's big toe with his thumb and index finger. "This little horsey went to Lórien," he sang, then moved to the next toe. "This little horsey stayed home. This little horsey ate waybread..." Elladan watched the wonder grow in the child's enormous grey eyes as Elrohir played the silly tickling game, then could not help smiling at Estel's shrieks of laughter as Elrohir reached the last toe and galloped his fingers up to Estel's belly and tickled him. He is a fetching child, I have to admit. Elrohir laughed and then started the game again, and three times Elladan watched as Estel shrieked and squirmed and giggled. Something tight and cold slowly unclenched and warmed within him with each bout of childish laughter. "You try," Elrohir suddenly said, all but thrusting Estel into his lap. For a moment, child and Peredhel stared at each other, and Elladan was afraid Estel would burst into frightened tears. But instead, Estel suddenly grinned and stuck his foot out. "Again!" he cried. Elladan laughed, then took Estel's toe and went through the ritual. If his version was quieter and more subdued than Elrohir's, Estel seemed not to notice. Elladan reached the last little horsey and sent his own fingers galloping up Estel's legs and was astounded at the feeling of joy that came over him when Estel let out a very loud shriek in anticipation of the tickling to come. He laughed himself as Estel writhed in transports of glee, then immediately stuck his foot back out. "Again again again!" he yelled. Elladan reached for the child's foot, then glanced at his brother and stilled. Tears tracked down Elrohir's face. "I am sorry," Elladan whispered. Elrohir shook his head. He reached out and squeezed Elladan's shoulder, saying nothing. His tears said all that was needed. Estel suddenly quieted, looking from one twin to the other. He put his thumb in his mouth and leaned back against Elladan's chest. Elladan looked down at the dark curls and softly kissed the top of Estel's head. "I am sorry, little one," he whispered. He put his arms around the boy and held him close and started rocking back and forth. "I am so very s-sorry." He felt the tears come, and this time he did not stop them. xXx Quieting his horse, Elladan looked up at the mountains surrounding the White City and then at the beautiful towers soaring upward as though longing to touch the sky that was finally clear and clean and shining with a new dawn. But then all his attention became riveted on one Man as he walked slowly toward the gate. The sun glinted on the silver edgings of his black mail, and shone so brilliantly on his white mantle that Elladan felt he was looking at the first fall of snow. Elladan's breath caught at the majesty of that familiar yet suddenly strange and glorious Man that he called his brother, the onethat he knew as Estel but now would forever be known as King Elessar. The Lord Faramir started speaking, but his words washed unheard over Elladan as he struggled to control his breathing. He felt like shouting, like weeping, like laughing and crying and jumping and... He took a deep breath. Elrohir's horse shook his head, and he knew without looking that Elrohir was fighting the same wild storm of emotions. Then the Steward's voice rang out in joy and Elladan trembled at the words. "Shall he be king and enter the City and dwell there?"(1) Elladan raised his voice and his arm and would have flown into the very air had Ilúvatar given that ability to Elves and Men. "Yea!" he cried, as loud a shout as his lungs would allow. His voice was lost in all the others but he knew that Estel heard him, felt his joy and his pride. And his love. Estel knew, and tears rolled unabashed down Elladan's cheeks. The Steward spoke on, but Elladan's thoughts strayed back through time and memory to a room by a fire, with his brother and a small boy... " Did I not tell you that one day you would hold this little one in your arms and find your heart is lost?" " My heart is not lost, Elrohir." He kissed again the mop of dark curls. "Nay, at last, my heart is found." fini (1)Taken from The Return of the King , "The Steward and the King", J.R.R. Tolkien.