me, I had cried in dismay. He then told me there was no shame in being the child of Men. And I believed him. How could I not? His word was like ink written on parchment—always right, never unfailing. I trusted him whole-heartedly. But now there is shame, for I have gone from being the son of Elrond to the Heir of Isildur and the Chieftain of the Dúnedain. They are titles, but trivial ones in my eyes. What matters is the fact that I am related to one of the most arrogant men on this earth. Isildur. The one who could not overcome the power of the Ring and took it for himself. It was why my people have come to ruin. Here I am now, trying to lead a scattered people who dwindle as the years go by. I wish there was someone more capable than I could lead. I am fifty-eight years of age—still young by the reckoning of the Númenoreans. But how is it that I feel old and weary? In my life, I have enough bloodshed and hate to last me a lifetime. Do men always take pleasure in slaying innocent lives, or taking advantage of those unfortunate to cross their paths? How can it be said the race of Men is honourable? I see no honor. Except, perhaps in a few. Not all men are corrupted. Some fight against evil every day, even winning. I should like to think that I am one of them, for I still have to face the greatest obstacle in my life. It is to be a king, a King of Gondor. I have faced many orcs, slain countless enemies, braved many perils, and yet I quail at this single impediment. To be King. A long time ago I thought it difficult to be a Ranger. I now find that easier than to be a king someday. I now understand what Elladan meant by it requires a lifetime of learning and adapting. A Ranger is always learning new things, meeting different people, always watchful, and ever the protector. What I once thought a simple job was not. Countless nights are spent in the wilderness, on my own. The winter months painfully pass. I am viewed as a rogue, a scoundrel, and many other things. Very few are the times when I hear words of gratitude. The life of a Ranger is a lonely one. But I would not give it up. Although I receive no distinction or award for my efforts, the thought that I have helped one in need, or saved the life of one, it is enough. Yet all of this does not compare to the burden I bear. The burden of kingship. Despite my age, I still do not feel ready. How can one Dúnedain, leading a people whose names have been forgotten by the world, sit upon the throne of a kingdom who may not even want a king? The thought of planning, strategizing, and rebuilding a kingdom is staggering. Bravery I learned from Halbarad. He has told me countless times that the best sort of bravery is standing while all others may be sitting. Strength came from Elrond—Ada. He has not told me, but I have seen it in his life. I admire how he had the strength to go on, even when things did not go his way. Wisdom I may never fully have, but Gandalf is there to guide me. Patience Legolas taught me, and many other things. The Silvan folk, queer as they may be in the eyes of some, have shown me great things. Humility I struggle with every day. It does not come easily, and the day when I master this will never come. Like being a Ranger, it takes a lifetime to learn. Self-sacrifice is something I have faced many a time, and if I must give my life to save the lives of many, I will do it. My family and friends have faith in me. They continuously tell me that the qualities of a Ranger are enough. I pray that they are right. Part III October 3, Year 3021 of the Third Age I am amazed to find myself at the place I am now in. Never did I expect that I would actually fulfill the old prophecies, and become King of the Reunited Kingdoms of Gondor and Anor. I have changed little save in appearance. Despite my new title, I am still a Ranger at heart. It has been very long since I last wrote in this old book, and it is one the last blank page that I pen my last entry. For although my old life is over, a new one begins. I am not perfect, despite what men may claim. I am as mortal as they were, fallible and prone to mistakes. I cannot solve every problem, nor does my knowledge exceed anyone's. But I do know that I have succeeded. And the only reason for this is that I learnt long ago lessons that have shown me bravery, strength, wisdom, patience, humility, and self-sacrifice. Here ends the journal of Aragorn, Son of Arathorn, also known as Estel Elrondion, Strider, Thorongil, and Elessar Telcontar. -- All that is gold does not glitter, Not all those who wander are lost ; The old that is strong does not wither, Deep roots are not reached by the frost. From the ashes a fire shall be woken, A light from the shadows shall spring; Renewed shall be blade that was broken, The crownless again shall be king. - The Fellowship of the Ring -- The translations for the Elvish in this story: Elrondion – "Son of Elrond" Ada – endearing form of "Adar" Eldar – the race of Elves Edain – Men Ellith – Female elves Istaiathon – I will learn Maenhir – "skilled lord" (1) This is my own creation. Tolkien never said anything of the sort about this. (2) Said by C.S. Lewis.