and the narrow channel opened at the top of his blanket chilled him down his front. His finger found the trouble spot and relieved it with a couple of swift passes. Before he could withdraw his hand it was moving around to the back of his neck instead, scratching. He supposed the hasty, tepid dip had made his scalp long for a proper scrubbing. Herward said something as he lay down, shifting to settle his spine against Thorongil's. The bed was not broad enough to allow any space between them, not when one had to crook his legs to fit. The son of the Mark was a comfortable height for the bed, and Thorongil felt guilty turning the soles of his cold feet in towards the other man's calves. A brief brush was all it took for his bedmate to draw his legs away. He spoke again, deliberately cheerful. Then he remembered that he could not be understood and sighed. He reached back and gripped Thorongi's forearm where it rested on the crest of his hip. The hand was reassuring. ' Regret have I ,' Thorongil said, trying to shape an apology. Herward made a distasteful noise in the back of his throat, and he knew he had erred again. ' I am sorry ,' the Rider said, very slowly. ' I am sorry ,' repeated Thorongil carefully. Herward's back bobbed as he nodded, and he patted the taller man's arm before withdrawing his hand. I am sorry , Thorongil thought, trying to fix the sounds in his memory. He mouthed it noiselessly. ' I am sorry. I am sorry. I am sorry .' The occupant of the near side of the next bed had just sat down, and he looked quizzically at the man who was apparently talking to himself. Thorongil closed his mouth hastily, and then shut his eyes against the puzzled and unimpressed expression on the other man's face. How long, he wondered, before his aptitude for languages would catch up to the need of the moment? How long before he could leave this lonely place filled with good people and return home to the empty wilds of the North where camaraderie was never more than a three-day walk away? He was homesick; bitterly homesick. As the nightly noises of the barracks swelled and then faded one by one, he felt it more keenly than he had at any time since coming to this place. He missed the craggy hills and thick forests of Eriador, beautiful though these open plains might be. He missed the tempestuous Northern skies, though here the dome of the heavens was more vast than he could have imagined and the sunsets seemed to linger for hours in scarlet splendour. He missed his familiar peoples: the rough woodsmen of what had once been Cardolan, the stolid and often parochial Bree-folk, the merry hobbits of the Shire, and most of all his faithful Dúnedain. And he missed the serene beauty and contemplative peace of the Last Homely House. Thorongil tried to close his mind to such thoughts, focusing instead on the new phrase that he sorely needed and would no doubt wear to death as he blundered onward in this coarse new life. I am sorry. I am sorry. I am sorry. It was no use. Now instead of pining for peoples, he was pining for people: his stoic and patient grandfather Dírhael, charged with the command of the Rangers in his absence; his grandmother with her sharp eyes and her deep wisdom; the friends he had made among his men in the six short years he had led them. Worse still was the loneliness for his childhood companions: Glorfindel, who had been as much a playmate as a teacher; Erestor with his critical but never spiteful tongue; quiet and sorrowful Ancalimon; all the others he had left behind in Rivendell when he rejoined the Dúnedain. He longed for a soft word of encouragement from Master Elrond, who in his heart would always hold the place of father. And at this moment he would have traded all his lofty lineage and his heavy destiny and his secret hopes for his mother's tender touch. His throat was stinging now, and he swallowed against it. His lower hand crept up, worrying at the back of his neck from the other side. He was trying to wear his hair as much in the style of the Rohirrim as he could, considering its insurmountably strange colour. Clearly he was not yet used to it. Herward dug an annoyed elbow into his ribs, and Thorongil forced himself to be still. The torches had been doused and the lodge was dark now, the fire on the side he faced glowing orange in a limited orb near the beds of the more senior men. Though the room was very quiet when compared to its earlier din, it was far from silent. Men snuffled and snored in their sleep. Straw crackled and bed-ropes squeaked. Someone belched. And along the walls, in the corners and up under the thatch the rats were busy. It was a wonder that every unwed man in the éored did not suffer from the spirillary fever. Elves shunned cats, even as cats mistrusted Elves, but rats were not a problem in Imladris. Among the Dúnedain it was the custom for each house or farmholding to keep at least one cat to control these pestilential rodents. Not for the first time, Thorongil wondered why a similar measures were not used here. But he did not dwell long on the subject. He was exhausted from the long day's toil, and his heavy eyelids soon drifted closed. As he slipped blessedly into the amorphous forgetfulness of sleep, he realized dimly that his hand had crept up again, scratching with a drowsy reflex at the back of his head. The thought of wet hair in this chill weather was not heartening, but he supposed he would have to wash it after all.