time?" Ansa brushed a stray lock of hair out of her eyes and sighed. "Those two young lions that you are raising came racing in here raiding the breakfast table before I had even had a chance to finish laying things out and they were still in their night clothes… Or at least Doriflen was, your youngest had no tunic at all and was dripping wet!" Her lips quirked in a smile as she remembered the sight then she looked pointedly at the roll in Oropher's hand causing him to quickly replace it in the bowl. "'Tis hardly behavior becoming of a young Sindarin lord." She said as she started to lay out the rest of the meal. The merriment in her eyes belied the words even before they were spoken. His green eyes sparkled with contained mirth. "The tunic is outside… drying" and then sobered and hardened some as he continued. "I shall of course speak with them about proper decorum." Ansa recognized the change in the elf lord's eyes. She loved this family and she knew that Oropher cared deeply for his boys, but he never seemed to be able to balance strict discipline with any sort of expression of warmth and affection anymore. When Elenedis had been alive he had been a bit more open and of course the boys had been able to turn to their mother. Since her death the boys had had to depend on each other as their father shut himself away behind his cold wall of pain. Placing the last of the dishes on the table she turned to him."'Twas just high spirits really. They are young and forget themselves sometimes that is all." She hesitated, he never took advice about his children well, but she had to try. "It isn't really necessary to say anything…" "I will determine what is necessary or not where my children are concerned." He firmly stated then softened somewhat as he noted the genuine concern in her eyes. "I understand that they are young, but these are difficult and dangerous times. Lack of discipline can be dangerous and if they show no self restraint at home, how can I expect them to remember it later when it may be critical?" He realized that they were still children, but they no longer had the luxury of time. The Girdle of Melian had been broken and their homes destroyed. His children would have to face many hard and difficult decisions in life and he feared that that time may come sooner than many thought. As amusing as some of their antics might be, they would have to grow up quickly if they were to survive. He could not afford to be weak and give in to his heart where they were concerned. He shook his head sadly and looked at Ansa. "I shall speak with them; it is for their own good." Then gently added, "I will not forget that they are still children." Ansa gazed sadly at him realizing that it would do no good to argue the point any further. She looked up as she heard soft steps descending from above once again and looked at Oropher questioningly. "Would you like me to leave so you can speak with them now?" "No Ansa, it can wait until later…It was after all a minor thing." He conceded. "No point letting breakfast get cold." It would be better to talk to them when his mood was not so dark anyway. He turned at the sound of hushed voices. "…you go first!" "No little brother, after you… Ansa may still have that big spoon!" Doriflen could be heard laughing as Thranduil suddenly slid into view through the archway as if he had been shoved… which in fact he had. He froze in the threshold when he spotted his father, the grin on his face faltering slightly with surprise. "Adar…good morning." he finished as cheerfully as he could. He wondered how much his father knew about their morning antics… enough by the look on his face. He glanced over his shoulder at Doriflen as he entered behind him looking for reassurance. Oropher watched as his oldest nonchalantly strode into the room, his hand lightly resting on his younger brother's slender shoulder as he fixed his father with a look, his eyes cool and reserved. Oropher sighed inwardly, it was a look he knew only to well, it was indicative of the distance that had developed between them since his wife's death. "Good morning Adar, you are up early today." Doriflen intoned in a neutral voice watching carefully to gage just how much his father knew of their morning activities, and his reaction to them… enough by the look of him. "Good morning to you both, I'm not the only one up early apparently." Oropher's mouth quirked slightly as he noted his youngest's still damp hair and remembered the sleeping tunic hanging from the branch outside, then his eyes turned more serious. "I think that Ansa may have breakfast prepared… this time." Thranduil winced inwardly. Ai, he knew, he always knew. "Adar, I'm sor…" but before he could finish, Doriflen threw an arm around his neck pulling his face in against his chest in a playful hug muffling the rest. "Come Muindor, we must not keep Ansa waiting." Ai, when would he learn! You don't apologize unless you are certain you are caught… and not even then in some cases. Their father may know something, and may be a bit upset, but to go blurting out an apology right now would only give him information he may not have yet and bring on one of his lectures that much sooner. He flashed his father a smile that didn't quite reach his eyes and quickly steered his brother towards the dining area. He loved his brother, even if he was a bit naive at times; good thing that Thranduil had him to watch out for him, he would learn in time. TBC