for a moment. "Kantor's pal . . . I can't see as that's likely. Well he's sleeping now and it won't do to wake him. If you'll stay right there till morning we can wake him and see if your tale is true. But not until them!" he said firmly. "I know Kantor!" she growled, "I do not think he should take kindly to any traveler he knows being left out in the cold – on your watch, sir. We shall talk with him in the morn, but until then, it can only help you to allow me to stay one night." The guard, likely weary from arguing and ready to return to his slumber, did not bother an answer. A moment later, with much grinding and clanking, the gate lifted and Tamuril rode quickly inside, fighting an uneasy feeling as it slammed closed behind her. Exhaustion was heavy on her limbs as she staggered to the nearest inn. There she slept deeply, knowing well the journey back would have to be just as taxing. As morning dawned, and with it, the sun, Caffery was lit up with a healthy glow. The streets, wet from the recent downpour, fairly sparkled in the weak winter beams. Torches flared invitingly and every few blocks a massive bonfire warmed the hearts and hands of the people. But what struck the elf as odd was that on such a clear day, with such beauty in evidence, the streets were close to empty. Everything was cold and still. The town smelled sick. Tamuril threaded her way through the narrow roads until at last she came upon the herb merchant's carriage. "Huon!" she called. The man looked up sharply and . . . fearfully? But his face broke into a lopsided grin when he saw her. "Ah, Eleniell! Such a pleasure to see you here. What'll you be needin'?" "Seregon, I need Seregon, Huon. You do have it still?" "Why of course! This ought to do – here, take it as a gift. I don't know when I'll be seein' you next, and I may need you to remember me in a favorable way – a friend, see." As he spoke he rolled together a small bundle of the red flower. Tamuril shook her head and chuckled. "I feel I should argue, but I have to make haste. I cannot thank you enough, Huon." Suddenly, a small stone flew from the left and struck the elf in the arm. She snapped her head around to see eight small children running towards her, all carrying missiles of some sort. Bewildered, Tamuril could only watch as the front runner raised his arm and threw another stone, but this one missed the elf, zipping past to strike a lone, passing Ranger on the back with a thud. The Ranger walked slowly, laden down with a large bundle and leading a limping mount, yet the children continued to follow him. They were joined by more as the group moved down the street, and they pelted the man with all manner of debris. A small laugh came from Tamuril as she watched the fully-grown man be badgered by a hoard of children. But her smile faded into a frown as she watched. Other people who had arrived on the streets, men and women alike, were also enjoying the spectacle, enjoying it immensely. Jeering started up, a mean, ugly chorus that was filled with hate. Happy to have an audience, the young ones began to shower the Ranger with larger things – hunks of wood, bottles of wine, one boy even hurled a bent scrap of iron. It smacked the horse on the rump, and with a wild neigh the beast went bucking and leaping away. With a cry the Ranger sprang after it, but it would not be comforted and veered away into the maze of roads. Nasty laughter rose from the watching townsfolk, and none made a move to help him. Uneasy beyond belief, Tamuril had started towards the commotion when her arm was caught by Huon. "Calm down now, Eleniell. 'Tis only some fun. Those Rangers deserve it I dare say," said he, though the last words were no more than a whisper. The storm was raging. "Let go," said the elf through gritted teeth. "This has gone beyond fun." She tore her sleeve from his grasp and leaped forward just as everything erupted in chaos. Frustrated by the loss of his horse and by the humiliation he was facing, the Ranger had whirled suddenly to confront the children. A well-aimed chunk of stone caught him on the cheek, and now blood dripped from the wound. Immediately, all remaining patience vanished, and the man, scooping up the offending stone, hurled it hard into the mist of his tormentors. Stunned silence, and then a cry rang out. With furious shouts, the townsfolk were upon him. The Ranger crouched, covering his head as he tried to apologize for his error, but there was no reason in the mob. They beat him with their hands and screamed threats. Suddenly, one man took a wooden club and smashed it down on the man's head. The Ranger crumpled to ground, stunned, as more and more men of Caffery gathered to bludgeon him to his very death. Quickly, Tamuril pushed into the seething crowd. She braced herself as what seemed hundreds of people pushed against her. Their hatred could not be understood! This went far beyond the simple throw of a rock. Seeing that the man was bloodied and near death, and being unable to calm the mob, Tamuril desperately threw herself over him, trying to shield him from the blows. All reason had been given to the wind, and the sight of someone protecting the hated Ranger seemed to drive the people mad! Their attacks grew harder and the elf bit her tongue to stop from crying out in pain. A sudden, merciful bash to the head made the world fade instantly to black.