Prince Legolas had been one of the envoys sent, he would easily put two and two together. "Nindäl, son of Ehnärfin," Legolas said coldly, taking the identity of one of his slain companions. That way even if Melèch did find out the identity of all the envoys sent him, he could think that the prince had been killed. "Well Nindäl," Melèch locked eyes with the elf. "You and your friends have put me through quite a bit of trouble. Everything could have been so simple, but you couldn't leave well enough alone, you had to be where you shouldn't have been and heard things you should never have heard." Legolas' eyes flared. "You wanted to use us. You only wanted to set up a meeting with King Thranduil and his son so you could assassinate them both," he accused. The frightening thing was that he could have arranged his own and his father's murder if he and his friends had not taken the wrong path through the woods and overheard the secret plotting of Melèch and some of his subordinates. "And I still will my friend, I still will," Melèch grinned maddeningly. "I'm sure the Elvenking will be most distressed when he finds out that a band of marauding orcs set upon your company and destroyed them all. As a gesture of our sorrow and regret, we will help him search for the bodies until they are found, and then explain that this is the very reason our need to meet grows ever more urgent. And if they only find two of the bodies... what of it?" Lightly shaking his arm, Melèch indicated to his falcon that he wanted him to move and the obedient bird flapped over to light on the arm of the king's throne. Legolas' heart tightened with apprehension. Partially for fear that this man's twisted plans might succeed, and partially because Melèch spoke of recovering only two bodies. Legolas was not sure where that left him, and was even more unsure that he really wanted to know. Following quickly on the heels of this concern, was the thought that if the bodies of his companions were indeed returned to Mirkwood but his was absent, there would undoubtedly be questions asked. Legolas was unsure whether his father would be suspicious of the story of their deaths or not, he certainly hoped he would be, but he *was* sure that King Thranduil would most assuredly ask about the missing body of his son. If that happened, and he were still a captive, then Melèch would know who he held... "What of me?" Legolas asked, trying to keep his own worries to himself. The more he learned of this man's intentions, the better. After all, he still did not understand *why* King Melèch would want his family destroyed. Melèch smiled wickedly. "Now there's the question, isn't it?" he said, pacing slowly in front of his prisoner. "I could question you... it would be fun to see how much pain it took to make you scream." He paused slightly as if toying with the thought before discarding it. "But I have a feeling my energy would be wasted," Melèch said as he caught Legolas' stubborn, flinty eyes. "You'd die before you'd tell me the most insignificant thing, wouldn't you?" The King was almost amused. "And besides, there is really no information that I need from you... no, I really have no use for you at all." Legolas drew in a deep, quiet breath. If these men had no use for him, then he would very likely not live to leave these rooms. He did not want to die, but he was not afraid. He regretted only that he would be unable to warn his father of the evil that was attempting to ensnare him. Dagred drew his sword, letting it rest against the back of Legolas' neck, above the collar, as if eager for the command to slay the young elf who had cost him so much trouble and so many men. "...But," Melèch's grin hardened. Taking Legolas' chin in his hand he tipped the young elf's head up, tracing the scratches on Legolas' cheek with one finger. "Then again, there may be other ways you could be useful to me. After all, how many mortal kings can say that they have one of the firstborn as a slave? You'll make a pretty trophy my dear elf, a portent of the power I shall hold." Legolas jerked his head away, fixing Melèch with smoldering eyes. "I am no man's slave," he spat defiantly. "And even less a prize for you to flaunt. Those who seek power will be consumed by their own lust, it is a road that leads to destruction." Coldly, Melèch pulled the thick, leather falcon glove off his arm and whipped the kneeling prisoner across the face with it, snapping Legolas' head to the side. "In time my young friend, you will learn to hold your tongue as is befitting a slave," Melèch said harshly, making the same mistake about Legolas' age that his Captain had. "You will learn to cringe at my command and know me for your lord, because I own you body and soul." The elf's eyes blazed defiantly and his lips pressed into a tight, hard line. "Body only, and only for now. I will never call you master," Legolas swore coldly. Melèch shook his head slowly, a small, cruel smile tugging at one side of his mouth. He was going to enjoy breaking the will behind those strong grey eyes. "That will change. You will learn to fear me," he promised darkly. A/N: From memory this story was written before "Tears Like Rain". There shouldn't be any discrepancies and if there are, I am sure it was not the intention of Cassia & Sio as they tried to keep their series fairly uniform. I hope you enjoy it as "Captive of Darkness" is one of my favourites from the series. :) Ralinde*