He was sobbing out apologies and promises to be good in less than two minutes; Pippin was usually very easygoing, but apparently he felt strongly about his children doing dangerous things and then not being truthful about it. At one point, Furry haltingly asked if Pippin would forgive him for leading the others into trouble, and Pippin stopped swatting long enough to say that of course he would forgive his son and that, even though he was the eldest and should set a good example (and remember how to say no to Estie,) the other kids were responsible for their own choices and he was being disciplined just for his. Pippin waited until Furry nodded in acknowledgement, then added six more swats to the little scarlet sit-spot and stopped. He rubbed the boy's back soothingly for a couple of minutes and then resettled his son to sit on his lap for a cuddle before leaving him to rest. The young boy was nearly asleep when he heard his sister start to cry, and he could just make out the sound of swatting. His own bottom started stinging again empathetically, and he went into the hallway, thinking that he'd go stop his da, but he saw his mum outside his sister's door, and she shook her head at him and shooed him back into his room just as the swatting stopped. Furry had barely made it to his bed before his mum lifted him from behind to save him from having to climb in, tucked him in facedown, and kissed his curls. He fell asleep trying to decide if he should be mad at his da for punishing his sister. Pippin woke his son in the morning and helped him dress, then carried him to the Brandybuck house for breakfast, and Furry didn't protest even once that he was too old to be carried. It felt kind of nice, not just to snuggle close to Pippin but to not be responsible for everything anymore. When they arrived, he got kisses not just from his mum but from his 'auntie' Estella, and a quick backscratch from Merry before Da set him down to try to get comfortable at the table. Furry discovered that, while his sister seemed fine and the babies were cheerfully tossing porridge at each other from dual high-chairs, Gala was having a hard time getting comfortable, too; she shot him a baleful glare, which she cut off right quick when Merry cleared his throat and looked at her warningly. Apparently, they'd talked about that, too. Furry was still subdued enough to whisper an apology her way, which Pippin firmly reminded them wasn't necessary. It took a few minutes before Furry worked up the courage to quietly ask the girls where Thumper was. He figured out that the parents weren't letting them out of earshot when Estella answered him instead. "He's still in bed, darling; he's not feeling very social this morning." "But… but he'll miss first breakfast!" Furry, having himself missed two chances to eat, found the idea of missing a third unconscionable. He narrowed his eyes toward the grownups and got four raised eyebrows in return before Merry clarified. "He knows he's welcome at table, Furry-lad. He doesn't want to come out. And trust me, missing a meal or two won't actually kill him. But if you'd like to go try to talk him out, that's fine with me." Furry decided that this sounded like a good idea (especially since it involved getting out of the wooden chair) so he rose to do just that. He was passing the high-chairs when Misty bounced in her seat and raised her pudgy arms, clearly demanding that he pick her up. The grownups gave permission, so Furry lifted Misty and toted her back to his cousin's room, where he didn't bother to knock but just went in. Thumper was buried in his bed and didn't seem inclined to come out, no matter what Furry said. Finally, with a sigh, the older boy said, "Right, then, you leave me no choice," and he set the baby on the bed and watched her crawl up the tiny mountain of Thumper. He could tell when she reached Thumper's backside because he whined thinly, which actually made Misty giggle as she kept going. When she got to the edge of the covers, she sat down and tried to lift a fistful of brown curls to her mouth, and that was what finally brought the fourteen-year-old out of his burrow. He started to sit up and then tearfully rushed to curl up on his side; Misty, who was sitting by his head, leaned over and laid a wet kiss on his cheek. It took about five minutes of baby kisses and cousin badgering before Thumper finally asked if they were all angry with him. Furry asked why, and Thumper shrugged and said that they usually were. Furry, hearing his da's voice in his head, was forced to admit that this hadn't been Thumper's idea or his fault any more than theirs, and he added that he and Gala were sore, too, and even Estie had got smacked, so Thumper didn't need to worry about anybody teasing him for squirming in his seat. Thumper mumbled that he probably couldn't sit at all, since he'd got in trouble for not one but two lies, but Furry wouldn't give up till his cousin finally agreed to get up and come to breakfast so that Furry wouldn't die of starvation. Furry mulled over the hard chair vs tender bottom issue all the way back up the hallway, but he was relieved of the problem when Merry scooped up his son and carefully sat the child in his lap, his little bottom cradled so that almost nothing touched it. Finally, they all set to eating a proper meal, with Gala even passing Furry his favorite jam without being asked. Now they just had to figure out what to do with Misty…