Thorongil reached the Great Gate. It was still open wide, allowing the outward flow of folk who had come to the city to transact their business. There were farmers driving wains or pulling handcarts that had been filled with sacks of flour, dried peas or like unperishibles, which would command a higher price now than they had in the autumn. Cottage weavers and potters and other small craftsmen were returning to their homes with unsold wares. As Thorongil passed into the shadow of the wall, two noblemen on horseback clattered through and forced him to dance backward into the ditch to keep from being trampled. He followed them with his eyes as they cut out across the fallow fields. In Rohan he would never have been thus disregarded, renown as he was for his service to the King. It was a stark reminder of his willful toppling of his fortunes. That he had set his mind to it did not free him from doubt, and it was such petty indignities that were likely to rankle most keenly. He scrambled back up onto the roadway, his boots slipping on slick dead grasses, and he came up to the Gate. There were four guards before it: two on each side. On the ramparts above were half a dozen more, not all alert to their watch. The ones on the ground were, however, and one of them stepped into Thorongil's path. 'Do you dwell in the city?' he challenged. 'I do not know your face.' 'As if we could remember every face,' one of the men above muttered to his partner. Doubtless he thought his comment too low to be heard, but Thorongil's ears were as sharp as his eyes. He could have taken the implication in those words and bluffed his way through, but that honour would never allow. He did not wish his service in Gondor to begin with a falsehood, however inconsequential. The wisest of his kindred had taught him with no uncertainty that such lies exacted their price in the end. 'I do not,' he said courteously, meeting the guard's eyes but keeping his own meek and veiled. 'It's late to be coming in for business,' said the guard. 'And if you're here to buy you'll find most of the shops closed and the markets sparse. You haven't time to get as much as a cold loaf before we shut the gates with you inside them. Best go home and come back in the morning.' Thorongil considered his answer for a moment, as clearly the soldiers expected. 'I thank you for your forthright advice. Yet I have no business to guide me hither, nor have I come to buy – not even a cold loaf,' he added with a thin twitch of a smile. 'I have no home to which I may return, and I seek entry into the White City that I might alter that circumstance.' Thus qualified, it was no lie. He could not return to his home at present, not with his labours yet unfinished and his education incomplete. Still to make such an admission aloud left a hollow in Thorongil's breast, as if he had by speaking somehow sealed his long discerption from those he loved. 'We have no need of vagrants here,' said the guard, stern but not cruel. 'Have you some skill to offer the folk of Minas Tirith?' 'I have many skills,' Thorongil said, raising his head a little. 'I hope to offer them not only to the folk of Minas Tirith, but to the Lord Steward of Gondor himself. It is said that he welcomes into his service those who are willing to aid in the defence of his lands, if they be worthy.' The guard raised his eyebrows. Until that moment he had taken Thorongil for one of his countrymen: a citizen of Gondor coming in from some other fief to seek his fortune in the great city. It was a natural assumption, for his looks and colouration were as commonplace here as they had been exotic in Rohan. Now he was known for what he was: a stranger to this land seeking a position in the service of the Steward. From speaking with Thengel of his old friend, Thorongil knew that not all in Gondor liked Ecthelion's practice of welcome. He wondered now if this soldier might be among that number. 'They must be proved to be worthy,' the guard warned. 'It is not a matter of strolling up to the Gate and demanding a place.' 'I understand,' said Thorongil equably, though the condescension in the man's voice was hard to take. Again he reminded himself that he had chosen this route into the city. He might have come mounted upon a fine stallion with a mare in tow, clad like a lord with the gifts of the King of Rohan in his saddlebags. Instead he had decided that this way was best. He must uphold that decision and prey upon no man for its repercussions. The guard looked him over again, eyes lingering long upon the torn knee of his hose and the mudstains ground into his garments. Then he beckoned to one of his compatriots. 'Show him to the provost,' he said. 'See he does not wander.' The other man, younger than the first and with very blue eyes, nodded as he murmured; 'Yes, sir.' Then to Thorongil he said, curtly; 'This way. Follow me.' Thorongil followed, passing through the deep shadow of the Gate onto a broad street lighted by the lamps of nearby buildings in the gathering gloom. There was a squall of iron and a grinding of heavy hinges as the Great Gate was drawn to behind him. The resounding clang of the huge locking bar made his pulse quicken with more than the startling noise. He felt a hot surge of mingled eagerness, apprehension, and potent resolve. He was now within the walls of Minas Tirith. What came next he could not say.