is the song about?" The some Elf asked "Well it's a duet song with Mandy Moore and Jonathan Foreman and most of the people used in the song where famous people from the past. Like, Amelia Mary Earhart was an American aviation pioneer and author. Earhart was the first female aviator to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean. In 1937, she mysteriously disappeared and no one knows what happened to her." I said then explained the rest of the song. As the night ware on I noticed the twins were getting tired. "Come on kids it's time for bed" I said walking toward them "Aww can't we stay up a little bit longer?" The both asked making me laugh "No, it's already past your bed time" I said "It was nice talking to you weith" Phil said as did Rowen "You as well Penneth" Gweithir said I took their hands and led them toward our room. I helped them put their pj's on and tucked them in. "Now the song is called Fallen by Volbeat" I said then there was a knock on the door "Come in" I said after a couple of minutes the door opened and Legolas and King Thranduil walked into the room. "You're just time mother was about to sing to us" They both said Legolas smiled as he sat down on the bed next to Phil who smiled at him. "Mother can you start the song now" Rowen said "Sure, would like a chair King Thranduil?" I asked "No, I'm fine" Thranduil said I frowned a little but smiled at them. I cleared my throat before I stared to sing the song. Feel the sadness burning in my heart. You left to early father love. So many things I should have said. But in your mind you knew it well. Holding on to what I got and love. But things still seem so dark and cold. The fire is burning down my happiness. But I will rise. So proud and strong you truly were, I took it with me as a tool. A gift from father to his only son. Watching over me with eagle eyes. You gave me freedom to a life, Where dreams are born and truly became real. See me falling, yeah down and lonely. Are the angels on their way? I'm in the dirt. Hear me screaming, see me bleeding. 'Cause the day's no more the same without you. Promise me my son you always will, Cherish what you love believing in. Never lose your values, stand up for the day. Oh dear father I thank you for the years. I'm writing this song on your desk. Together we can make it through the day. See me falling, yeah down and lonely. Are the angels on their way? I'm in the dirt. Hear me screaming, see me bleeding. 'Cause the day's no more the same without you. See me falling, yeah down and lonely. Are the angels on their way? I'm in the dirt. Hear me screaming, see me bleeding. 'Cause the day's no more the same without you. See me falling, yeah down and lonely. Are the angels on their way, I'm in the dirt. Hear me screaming, see me bleeding. 'Cause the day's no more the same without you. After the song was over the twins were asleep. "Sleep well my sweet children" I said kissing them on forehead before we walked out of the room. "I would like to talk to you in my study" Thranduil said "Sure, I'll see ya later Legolas" I said before I followed him toward his study. "Please have a seat" Thranduil said as he took a seat behind his desk I took a seat on one of the chairs feeling a little nervous. For a few minutes we stared at each other until Thranduil spoke. "I can see why my son has fallen for you" Thranduil said "Even though I do not want my son to marry a mortal and one with children. I will gladly give you a chance but if you break my son's heart I will ban from my realm and you will not see my son ever again" Thranduil said "That's fair but I would never do anything to hurt him. He is the only man I trust with mine and my children's life besides Estel. It was hard for me to trust men after I was raped by Cassile and becoming pregnant at of 16 years old I wasn't ready to mother yet at such a young age but when I come to this era Lord Elrond and his family were great to me and now I would love to spend the rest of my life with Legolas" I said Thranduil frowned "Legolas never told me you were raped" Thranduil said "I told him not to tell anyone it's none of their business as far as anyone else knows I lived in Rivendell for most of my life" I said We talked for an hour before I went to bed. As walked down the hall I suddenly felt a hand on shoulder making me jump and I heard the familiar laugh. "Legolas you jackass don't do that" I said punching him lightly in the arm. "I thought I would walk you back to your chambers" Legolas said wrapping his arm around my waist making me lean into his side. It was quite as we walked toward my room. "So how was your talk with my father?" Legolas asked "I think went well he is willing to give me a chance even though he did threaten me a little" I said Legolas was about to stay something but I cut him off. "It is nothing to be worried about" I said "What was the threat?" Legolas asked worried I sighed knowing that he will just ask again "All he said was we would be banished from Mirkwood and that I will not see you ever again" I said