you're in need of anything.' Then to Aragorn'samazement she turned and left the stable, shaking her spoon as she went. 'I'm to milk the cow,' Honeysuckle said primly, collecting her bucket. She slipped into the stall, and moments later the beast was lowing in contented relief. Scarcely able to believe this reprieve, Aragorn hastened to Halbarad's side. He had managed to get his nether linen up around his hips, and Aragorn settled the points before turning his attention to the wound. The padding came away in clumps, layers soldered together with blood. When the folded strips were laid aside, Aragorn could inspect the packing. It was dry and crusted, and the first signs of healing showed at the edges of the wound. 'How bad is it?' Halbaradwheezed, grey with pain but still lucid. 'Far better than yesterday,' said Aragorn. 'How are you feeling?' 'Dreadful.' Halbarad forced a shaky grin, but there was no true jest in the word. Softly, he added; 'I can manage.' Aragorn was not so certain. The wound was clotting, and that was all to the good, but the exertions of walking would soon open it afresh. Even if they made straight for The Prancing Pony , Halbarad would have several hours of slow bleeding that he could ill afford – if he could walk at all. With his fever still burning, it would be folly to lie out in the wet. What, then, was their choice? 'You need rest,' he said. 'And hot food and dry clothes and a bed out of the rain.' 'I've a dry shirt,' said Halbarad optimistically. Then he grimaced. 'I suppose the rest is still a bit damp.' More than a bit, if Aragorn's tunic was anything to measure by. It was no longer wet enough to be wrung out, but it felt cold and slimy against his skin. The places where it had chafed him without a shirt to buffer it already itched rawly. 'I'm afraid it is,' he said. Halbarad had expected no other answer, but they had to make the best of their situation. At least they had the night's rest behind them. In the cow's stall, Honeysuckle was moving around. No doubt she was switching out a full pail for a fresh one. The scent of milk mixed with the homey smells of the stable. Aragorn felt a hot brand of frustration smite him between the shoulder blades. Why could they not have even one day's succour? He cared less for his own sake, but Halbarad had need of rest. There was no time to bemoan their fate, however. Their half hour's grace was running swiftly away. As best he could he dressed the wound again, tearing a strip from the hem of Halbarad's shirt to make the first pad. Soon they would both be without that most basic of garments. There was nothing to do but to pin his hopes on Bree. What money they had carried was back with their packs, lying among orc-carcasses on a troll's doorstep. But Aragorn could trade labour for shelter at The Pony, even if only in the stables, and sooner or later more of his folk would pass through. Life would find away, if will did not falter. He was just easing Halbarad into his shirt when there came a padding of sturdy feet. The hobbit woman was back, and with her two boys of about six or seven. Aragorn got to his feet, head bowed to evade the roof-beams. 'Thank you, mistress,' he said. 'If I may beg your indulgence a little longer…' Then he paused. He had thought she had brought the children as rearguard, to bolster her authority as she drove off the strangers. But no. One boy held two folded blankets, and another a basket of clean linen rags. The woman herself had a tray. 'There's no room for folk your size in the house,' she said, bustling forward and depositing her burden on an upturned crate. 'But my old mam taught me that you don't never turn away folk in need, for you can never know when it's you who'll be knocking. You're welcome to stay here 'til the rain passes and your friend's strong enough to go on. Tuck in, now. You're too thin even for Big Folk.' She relieved one boy of the blankets, and marched past Aragorn to spread them over Halbarad. 'Does this great tall fellow know what he's about with those hurts?' she asked conspiratorially. 'Oh, more or less,' said Halbarad gravely. 'I think I shall survive his efforts.' 'Very well, then.' The hobbit turned to her other son and beckoned for the basket. 'Here's fresh dressings if you need them, and if you're wanting any liniment I can send that out as well. Don't mind the animals: you'll not trouble them. And do be sure to eat .' Then she turned, took one of the brimming milk-pails, and was gone. The children followed, Honeysuckle similarly burdened. Aragorn let out a long breath he had not realized he had been holding. He looked back at Halbarad, hope blossoming anew in his breast. If they could tarry a day or two more, they would be able to carry on in good form. There was still a troll to chase down, after all. 'Are you going to obey our gracious hostess, or not?' asked Halbarad, nodding his chin at the tray. Aragorn, who had half forgotten the coveted meal, bent to recover it. There were two bowls of porridge, eggs, sausage, toast and fried mushroom preserves, two rashers of bacon, a little dish of honey and a pitcher of milk. He settled next to Halbarad with the tray balanced on his lap. His kinsman let out a small laugh and reached for his share of the porridge, flinching a little as his wounded side shifted. After a moment's pause to make certain that he had done himself no harm, Aragorn bowed his head over the food and tucked in eagerly. metta