– the Frontal Lobe was like a mix between her human brain and a horse's Frontal Lobe – she would have a horse's long-term memory and her human self's personality. After creating everything and coding the horse's DNA – the mare would grow to be 15,2hh, have a true black coat with a metallic sheen, have three whorls - two below eyes, one between them – and have two, bright blue wall eyes and a faint on the whorl between her eyes. The tissue in her feet that would normally be soft was hardened to be able to withstand rugged terrain without shoes. The being laughed. Everything was now almost perfect. Lastly, the being plucked her conscious from her human body and put it in the horse's one. LB Yellowwood's Sacrifice: as far as I am aware, there are no horses called this and there is no stud-farm named this. The horses have their names in two parts ('Yellowwood' and 'Sacrifice'), the first part being the stud-farm-that-they-came-from's name and the other their won, individual name that can be anything. OTTB: off the track Thoroughbred. When a race-horse does not race up to its owner's standards or gets to old (usually around five) they are retired from racing and are sold, usually being retrained to do things like eventing, cross-country, show jumping, dressage, fox-hunting, hunter, working hunter… Most English riding competitions (I have yet to hear of a Thoroughbred being used for Western riding. I think that they are too impatient – Teal certainly is). Paddock: an area that is closed off where horses are kept to graze. Alfalfa: a type of hay with high protein, energy, vitamins, and minerals. Soccer: football. Gelding: a neutered male horse/pony. Pony: an equine that is usually under 14,3hh and has different proportions to a horse. A small horse is not the same thing as a pony. A young horse is also not a pony. 14,1hh: hh stands for 'Hands High'. One hand is equal to 10,16cm or 4inches. Classic champagne splash white: classic champagne is a certain dilution of a black coat (EE/Ee aa Chch/ChCh) that causes a lighter coat, mottled skin (pink with black mottles) and, sometimes, a tiger eye, which is an eye that is either green, yellow or amber. Bridle: all the leather straps that go around an equines face. Tack: the equipment that goes on a horse/pony when riding. (Saddle and bridle, may or may not include bit, boots and bandages.) Saddle: the leather seat-thing that goes on the horse's/pony's back. Numnah: the blanket that goes underneath the saddle. May or may not be the same shape as the saddle and may be lined or made with sheepskin or can be plain material. Hunter clip: where all the fur is clipped except for the legs and the area under the saddle. The face may be left alone. Turn-out rugs: turn-out rugs are blankets that are put on a horse when they are in the paddock. There are different types of rugs for different purposes. Chestnut: a type of horse/pony colouring. The fur is a reddish to black colour (liver chestnut, liver chestnut still has a slight red tint (look it up, it's gorgeous). Can have white markings. Mane and tail should be either the same colour or lighter than base coat. (ee aa) Mane: the hair on the neck. Sock: a marking that cannot go further up than the end of the fetlock and cannot go below it. Grey-on-bay: when a grey horse/pony is born, their coats are their base coat colour (in this case, bay) and are usually born with 'goggles' (white fur around the eyes). As they get older, their fur lightens to white (a true white horse/pony is born white and can be made several different ways and has pink skin) but their skin is black, so they are called greys, not white. Eventually, their fur will turn flea-bitten (have flecks of their base colour in the grey). Bay: a horse/pony with a brown (ranges from dark chocolate brown to bright red) base coat and black points (ears, mane, tail and legs), it may have white markings on the face and legs. (Ee/EE A t A t / A t A /A t a/ A A / A a). KWPN (Dutch Warmblood): a horse breed. 'Warmblood' does not refer to blood temperature. Rather, it means that they have a certain body type and temperament. Warmbloods are usually a cross between a hotblood (like a Thoroughbred or Arab) and a coldblood (like a Shire or Percheron). Thoroughbred: a hotblood breed of horse. Often used for racing, these are the second fastest breed of horse (the fastest being a quarter horse (although quarter are only the fastest horses over a quarter-mile) being able to reach speeds of 72km/h (45miles/h) and are able to jump a length of up to 10m (33ft.). Fetlock: The first joint above the hoof. Shod: having shoes nailed into the horse's/pony's either two or four of its hooves. Hoof: the 'foot' of the equine. It's actually one toe surrounded by tissue and rock-hard nail. Natural Horsemanship: training a horse or pony using its natural instincts. 'It was a pack of African Wild Dogs. They were really rare, so it was quite surprising to see them. One thing to note was that the horses hated and I mean hated them, but they would not spook unless Cassowary did' : a herd of horses/ponies will only spook if the lead-mare does. Foal: a horse or pony under 12 months. African Wild Dogs: also called African Painted Dogs, these are a critically endangered canine. They live in Sub-Saharan Africa. Moroccan Barb: a hotblood breed of horse that comes from North Africa. They are as old, if not older, than Arabian horses. Mare: a female horse over four years. Whorl: a place in the horse's coat (located on the forehead, bottom of the neck and abdomen) where the fur goes in different directions. Also called a 'whirl' or 'swirl'.