had enough clothing and furs on to keep them warm on the mountain. The hunter wrapped her Warg pelt around herself and pulled the hood over her head. She then said the words, "open to the sun and give us air." In her own language and she was unsure if the others would be able to pronounce the growls and snarls. She led them again along the path that cut through the mountain. It was a perilous journey even for those sure of foot and used to the mountain trails. There were glaciers in the mountains that shifted with time and caused avalanches and rockslides. There was also the ice fall that they would have to navigate through. "So lassie, when will you show me why we cannot go into Moria and enjoy the fine hospitality of my cousins?" Looking down at the red Stone Man and the gauging the distance they had travelled she squinted against the suns glare off of the white snow. "Before our journey ends I will take you to see why Stone Man." "And how long will this journey take?" the Blood Man asked. Sniffing against the cold bite of the wind and calculating the speed of travel against the distance the hunter turned to the man and shrugged. "It will take as long as it does. Some days we will walk fast, and others slow. I do not know how long it will take your pack." "How long does it take your people?" Legolas asked to stave off an argument he could see brewing in the man of Gondor's face. "My people can travel the distance in seven days if we are sure of the way and the ice shelves have not moved." "Why will it take us so long?" Gandalf asked as he pulled Frodo up, the young Hobbit had slipped in the snow when the others had stopped to talk. "The path you would have taken was shadowed in evil and death, it is only a three day journey over the mountain and down to the other side on that path. We must cut across the mountain and around, down and through another mountain to reach safety, as well as a path you would know. It is the only safe way across the mountains." "So you say," Boromir muttered under his breath before pushing past the hunter and pulling Merry and Pippin along in his wake. Watching the ground carefully the hunter frowned and stopped. The storm from the night before had covered the markers for the path and she had become distracted in watching the path because of the questions from the pack and the Blood Man. This ledge of the mountain forked, one path led the way down and the other led to a large crevasse that was so well hid from the eyes of most creatures that many would fall to their death. "Stop." She called. "What is it?" Aragorn asked, he pulled Sam to a stop and Gimli stomped his feet as he waited for the hunter to answer, the cold in the air was turning his feet to ice blocks. Legolas stopped near Gandalf and Frodo while Boromir grabbed the shoulders of Merry and Pippin to stop their sliding in the snow. "The path is covered. I must check our direction." "I thought you said you knew where you were going! This is why I said we should go back down the mountain and not follow some strange creature who is luring us to our deaths." "Quiet." Niah snapped at the Blood Man, something was wrong and she could not sense it with the man's angry yelling. "I will not be quiet, you will answer us now! Do you not know the way?" "Boromir, be calm." Aragorn said softly, trying to approach the Gondorian. The hunter ignored the argument now taking place between the two men and looked around herself. She had to make sure they hadn't missed the fork in the path and that they were on the right path. "What are you looking for? Can I offer my assistance?" Legolas stood next to the hunter and waited for instructions. "There is a marker on the stone, a red flag for the wrong way, and blue for the right. I must make sure that the storm and snow from the night have not caused us to go the wrong way." "I will look with you." The hunters green eyes snapped from side to side. The men were still arguing and the Old One had joined in with the argument. The small one of death was also quietly offering advice and his friend Sam stood with him, offering quiet support. The red Stone Man was growling at the entire group and Merry stood beside him while he ate a piece of dried meat from his pack. That left the other small Hobbit Pippin, who had grown tired of standing around and had wandered off from the group. Red fluttering at the corner of her eye caused the hunter to growl and lunge at the wandering Hobbit. The boy foot slipped as she grabbed onto his fur cloak, he turned wide frightened eyes to her. She had moved too late and now they were both victims of gravity and the deceptive ground of the Mountain. There were shouts and cries of horror as the red haired hunter and the Hobbit slipped and fell away inside the mountain. TBC AN/ This story will deviate from movie, most 10th walkers are just walk throughs of the book or movie. This story will try to look at what someone else within the group would do and how this would affect others decisions and choices. The first consequence of this is that the group did not go into the mines….what impact will this have on the rest of the story if Gandalf is not brought back to life as the white wizard? If he stays with the fellowship? Read and find out