pale. They blinked and turned their heads rapidly, listening and smelling carefully. When Malrin ran, their eyes did not follow her. Instead, the swish of her dress caught their attention. She picked up a stick and threw it into the underbrush, watching as the creatures bawled and turned toward the noise. They are blind. Gimli swung his axe excitedly. Vice dropped down next to them from a tree, swinging two thin, curved blades joyfully. "Well, well, well, seems like you get a little excitement your first day, Lady Malrin." Malrin couldn't help but laugh at his face. It was boyish, handsome and his cobalt eyes sparkled in the dazzling morning sun. The creatures roared again, shuffling around so that they surrounded them, but didn't attack. What are they waiting for? Suddenly, the creatures whimpered and retreated into the forest, waiting just along the sides of the clearing. Legolas joined Malrin, an arrow at the ready. They stood back to back, their weapons held out. As though they had suddenly been signaled, the creatures roared, throwing themselves at the mismatched group. Legolas shot one in the eye, readied another arrow and let it fly, hitting another through its open mouth. Aragorn swung, missing at first, then swung back, chopping one of the creatures' leg off. It screamed, falling back. Its blood was a sickly green color, splattering against Malrin's skirt. Malrin ducked and dodged, frightened to make the first blow. Gimli roared, hacking away at the monsters' knees. Vice laughed gleefully, springing from creature to creature as he chopped off head after head. Finally, the clearing was quiet, except for the groups labored breathing. Malrin's clean sword glinted in the sunlight, a severe difference from Aragorn's, which dripped green slime onto the damp grass. Legolas retrieved most of his arrows, gently cleaning each with a cloth and putting them back in his quiver to sharpen later. Aragorn cleaned his heavy sword on the grass. "We need to move. Valigraths rarely move in packs." Vice wiped his in the grass as well, sliding them easily back into his scabbard. He grabbed his bedrolls, threw the rest of the drinking water into the burning embers, and went into the trees. He returned with the largest horse Malrin had ever seen. He was jet black, at least 18 hands high, with feathery hair on his giant hooves. He reached his glossy neck down, sniffing gently at Malrin's hair. She blew in its nose, and he nuzzled her hair. Laughing, Malrin reached up and stroked the horse's silky neck. "Donovan doesn't usually take well with women." Malrin stepped back, turning her head. She felt Vice's gentle hand on hers waist, leading her forward. A hand guided hers to the horse's flank, where a long scar ran down. The horse's muscles trembled when Malrin touched the scar, but he didn't move. "See? You're special." Malrin caressed the horse's glossy coat. "What happened?" She whispered. Vice laughed. "Orcs are nasty creatures. And they don't mix well with horses." Suddenly, an arrow whizzed by, embedding itself deep into Vice's forearm, just barely missing Malrin. He yelled, pushing her back towards the trees. Legolas grabbed her by the waist, swinging her back. "No!" Malrin cried, reaching for Vice. He was clutching his arm where the arrow was, blood staining his already soiled shirt. Vice's face was pale as he grabbed Donovan's rein and pulled him into the dark of the trees. They all pulled back, the dark shadows hiding them from view. Over head, a winged creature soared over them, circled, and disappeared. They waited with baited breath for what seemed like hours. Then, slowly, like mice from their burrows, they crept out, scanning the skies for any sudden movements. "C'mon lad, up and at 'em." Gimli was helping a stumbling Vice onto a log. The arrow pierced through his arm clear to the other side. Aragorn started for Vice, but Malrin got their first. Tearing off the bottom of her slip, she tied it tightly above the wound. Legolas grasped his comrade's chest and studied her, saying nothing. Aragorn set a pot of boiling water close by, while Gimli, mumbling something about stinging nettles, set plants close to Malrin. Malrin took a deep breath and broke the arrow in half. Vice was pale, but he gritted his teeth and said nothing. She slid the arrow out straight and very quickly. Vice groaned and threw his head back, his muscle tense. Malrin ripped another large section of her slip, using it as a rag. She cleared the wound of blood, and set the plants in the water, and then crushed them between two large stones, applying the pulp to the wound and wrapping it tightly with a clean bandage. "Quite the little medic." Vice urged, watching her inquisitively. Malrin looked up, her focus broken. "Yes...my father was a physician." Legolas let go of Vice and picked up the bloody arrow. "This arrow is of Cakkrith origin. We must depart." Legolas mounted his dignified, silvery mare, while Gimli rode a sturdy russet pony. Aragorn helped Vice up on Donovan, and turned. He studied Malrin attentively, his stern brown eyes weary and troubled. Suddenly he broke into a swift stride, mounting a good-natured brunette mare with white socks. She shook her mane, prancing, eager to leave. He raised his gloved hand in farewell, doubt clouding his face. "Farwell, Malrin, Lady of Dubliran. We pray you safe travels." They all turned their mounts toward the east, all except Legolas, who dismounted gracefully. "Come with us, Malrin." His voice was calm, but his green eyes gleamed with longing, and held out a lean hand. Malrin reached for him, but hesitated, turning away. She felt a gentle kiss on her cheek and heard his gentle command in foreign tongue. The horse whinnied, and took off on a trot to the east. Malrin turned, remorse ripping her chest in two. Hope you liked...more will be uploaded soon! Let me know how bad it is :)