sellsword is worth their coin if they can't get through a few Orcs?" She gave a smug smile, gesturing to the Orc who's neck she snapped, and the Dwarf gave a loud singular chuckle. This caused the Elf to glare at him, and soon the Dwarf's face turned back to it's serious expression. "You move like a spy," the Elf said, taking his turn to interrogate her now, although he seemed less suspicious than his human companion. "Or an assassin." Milandy tried to not flinch at the accusation. To be called a spy was one thing, but an assassin? No one cared for an assassin except for the man who hired them, and although she was hardly a paragon of virtue, Milandy had never taken a life for coin. "Being a sellsword means you travel far. I've been stationed on the Eastern border before and have received training there and that, gentle sir, is what makes me the best." Another lie. She wasn't so much stationed there as she was smuggling through the border and robbing rich Easterling Sultans blind. Western maidens as fair as she was were rarely suspected of wrongdoing on the border. They were thought far too weak bodied and minded to be anything but beautiful – such was the Easterling opinion of women from the West. That was a handful of summers ago, though, well behind her, and she was not a maiden of 17 summers any longer. There was a long pause, the Elf and the Dwarf watching the human carefully as he sized her up. Eventually, he let his hand drift off the hilt of his sword, giving a nod as he relaxed his stance, causing her much relief. "You fought well, Sellsword," he admitted, finally giving her a small smile, "an asset indeed. We owe you a gratitude." "Perhaps I might know the names of my new-found allies?" She asked. "Gimli, son of Gloin!" the Dwarf announced proudly, almost unable to wait for the others as he gave a bow to the woman. "Ye' stand before Aragorn, son of Arathorn, and the fine lady Legolas of the Woodland Realm." At this, the Elf shot yet a glare at the Dwarf, who's face was glowing with smugness. This seemed to be common occurrence. Milandy eyed the human carefully, her eyes widening quickly before she dropped to one knee. "I am honoured," she gasped, realising suddenly that she might have been better suited to curtsey to him. She often forgot how to be anything but a woman trying to fit in with men, and her face flushed red at the thought of embarrassing herself in front of a living legend, one which was murmured of in every tavern across her travels. "Off 'yer knee, Lass," Gimli laughed, stepping towards her. "Where 'yer headed?" "Wherever there's work," she replied. Another lie. She was headed to Edoras, to clear out what was left of the loot. She'd heard there was good coin in what you could take from the throne room. "Perhaps Edoras," she suggested. "If you could point me towards the best path, I coul-" "There'll be no work there for you," Aragorn interrupted. "All have fled to Helm's Deep, and seek refuge there." "Helm's Deep..." she repeated, using this chance to take mental stock of what they carried. Jewellery, arms which were priceless, armour that was from noble places and history untold to her. Why, the Elvish weapons that Legolas carried alone would be worth a hearty fortune on the Eastern border. "Which way is that?" She asked. "It is where we're headed," he replied, "but there will be war." He turned and gave a not to the others, who gave her a nod and turned their backs to her. "Head back to where you came and warn others to take refuge. Peace will not last for long," he finished, before turning his back as well to continue on. "We go no place that is for a lady." Milandy was taken aback by this. Low expectations of her abilities and sensitivities was something she expected and even welcomed from hunters and soldiers in a tavern, but from such... noble men? From anyone else, it would have been a challenge, but from Aragorn, son of Arathorn himself? It was an insult. "You must forgive me," she called after them. "I seem to recall slaying the Orcs which thought to kill you." "And for that, we are very grateful," Aragorn called back, turning and walking backwards so as to face her. "Then take me with you," Milandy called, beginning to follow. "You owe me a gratitude, do you not?" She sped up to catch up to the trio, and noticed that the Elf had stopped suddenly with her words. "She is right," Legolas called to them, the group stopping and turning to face the two. "We owe her a gratitude. You said so yourself." Giving an exhale, Aragorn looked from Legolas to Milandy. "And what would you do there?" He asked her. "In a time of war?" "As I am commanded," she began, "I am offering my services to your cause. Free of charge." She bowed down, lowering her head. Her head remained lowered as she felt his eyes on her again, once again looking her over, deciding if she would be a burden or an asset. "I owe you a gratitude," he finally relented, giving a nod, her head lifting to face him. "We are meeting with an army to the North, past this forest. You may travel with us." "I thank you," Milandy smiled. "I cannot promise you will receive the orders you expect," he warned, "or that you'll receive them at all, but there will be women and children to defend. Perhaps they can use your services." With that, Aragorn turned once more, continuing forward. Milandy followed this time, a small smile of relief on her face as she joined them, her eyes fixed on the bow that hung from Legolas' back. "We'll see."