of the cotholders and farmers he had spoken to as he chased the rumour of wolves. He thought of locked doors and barred gates, and children kept in from their play. If they knew of the dangers that lurked just beyond their dooryards – of the wild watchers of the night, and the orcs at Deadman's Dike, and the ancient evils of the Barrow Downs not a day's march from the village of Bree… Yes, he knew they could not be allowed to know. That meant that the men who toiled against these dangers could never be known for what they were, either, even at the cost of their reputation among those they defended. There were hidden places in the empty lands where the Rangers were known and loved for their deeds, where they would always be made welcome and offered the very best that the humble homes had to offer. That would have to be enough. Yet his heart was uneasy, and he felt the unsettling glint of foresight lance through his mind. He looked up and turned his head to meet Dírhael's eyes again. 'Yet they will one day be called upon to aid in their own defence, labour though we may,' he said. 'The Shadow grows. Is it right to let them live in ignorance until it is on their very doorstep?' 'Not in ignorance: in innocence,' said Dírhael. 'There is so little innocence left in the world, and it is a precious thing. Yet there is another reason to keep to the shadows and the lowly places which you most of all must understand. If the Rangers were once known for their deeds in Bree, and given the courtesy we have earned, word would spread as it always does. Who could resist the legend of a band of lonely men defending rick and farm with their very lives? Indeed, who could resist a tale of a tall young man, dark of hair and fair of face, who slew two wolves with a hunting knife and spared the good folk of Archet? And who among the servants of the Enemy would not then wish to descend and smite us, who have blighted their designs upon Eriador for so long?' He fell silent for a long moment, letting these words hang upon the air. Then he said quietly; 'Our safety relies upon our anonymity: upon our reputation as solitary and rootless men who if they go by twos or threes at all do so my chance and not because of any common purpose. Secrecy is our armour, my child. It may chafe our pride raw, but it safeguards our lives.' Aragorn nodded. Of course he could see the truth in this, who for secrecy's sake had been raised under another name in the fastness of Imladris. Now he had further cause for shame: that he had not considered fully the consequences before suggesting, however cholericly, a lapse in that ancient policy of silent endurance. 'Do not take it so much to heart,' Dírhael said, seeing the youth's bereft expression. 'You are more hardheaded than most green Rangers, and quick-witted and knowledgeable into the bargain. You are wiser than men many times your age; there is no flaw in you that time and experience will not smooth away. If you learn tonight's lesson from my words alone you will do better than the rest of us, who have learnt our prudence only through terrible loss and pain. Many snares have been laid for the… the Captain of the Rangers ere this. Your father fell to one, and his father before him. You have a perilous road to walk; let your Elven wisdom and an old man's warning gentle it a little.' Aragorn felt his battered pride stirring a little, but still he could not quite shake off the day's petty humiliations or his shame in the part he had played in bringing them upon himself. 'Elven-wise or no, I am still a young fool,' he muttered. 'At three and twenty I should hope so!' Dírhael said, and he laughed. At Aragorn's affronted look he let go of his hand and patted his cheek where a few fine wisps of downy dark whiskers did nothing to make him look any more like a grown man. 'If it be your folly to put right some small wrongs for a lonely if rather unpleasant woman and be denied your recompense, then you are less fool than most your age. You cannot expect to be infallible immediately, my Captain, nor at all times.' At this Aragorn felt himself smile, ruefully but earnestly. It sounded so much like something Elrond would have said to him, and for the first time since leaving Rivendell he felt a sense of true belonging, as if he had come home. 'Still, I can try,' he ventured. 'Aye, you can. But you must learn to forgive yourself for the occasional imperfection,' said Dírhael. 'For tonight, know that of all the mischances in this sorry affair the only one for which you are to blame is forgetting to provide for your body's needs while on the hunt. Let that be the other lesson you take from this: never forget to take stock of your stores before leaving fertile country.' He hopped down off the rim of the well and dusted his hands on his thighs. 'Come now, and let us make that right at least. I did not forget to have a mind for my stomach while on patrol, and I have the makings of a very pleasant supper if we can find some place to lay a fire.' 'I know of a copse of trees not far beyond the northeastern edge of the village,' Aragorn said, his spirits rising almost absurdly at the thought of food and companionship. He pushed himself off of the rim of the well, certain he could find the place where he had ridden out the last hours of daylight. 'Follow me.' Dírhael followed. metta