problem fighting a woman then I'm afraid you'd not fair so well where I come from. Women fight dirtier then the men; we pull hair, bite, scratch and all sorts of what you might call unladylike things. Pretend I'm an Orc and attack, no weapons though." Aragorn was reluctant at first but the determination in Lauren's eyes quelled the doubt and he grabbed at her wrist. When he had it, he held fast and Lauren smiled slightly as she slowly started to spread her feet apart. "Normally in this situation the first thing you do is ask the attacker to let go. If that doesn't work you go to the next thing." Lauren used her free hand and lightly flicked it across Aragorn's wrist as she simultaneously pushed her captured hand forward and tapped Aragorn's chest then thrust it up and held it at his chin. She still had Aragorn's hand in her own and she slightly pulled it down. The shock in his eyes made Lauren want to smile but she resisted. "That is just a basic maneuver in martial arts. If I didn't know you and we met on the road and attacked me I would not hold back and most likely resort to using my nails and such." She released Aragorn and, out of the corner of her eye, she noticed that Gandalf and Elrond were smiling. What she wouldn't give to know what they were thinking. "I guess what I was trying to get at is, don't think of me as some helpless female. I am quite capable of taking care of myself if the enemy were unarmed. If the enemy happens to have a sword, well that's where you come in my friend." Lauren patted Aragorn on the shoulder and smiled at him. As she turned to sit down, she noticed that Gandalf was laughing to himself. "It would seem, Estel, that your concerns about her welfare have become unnecessary." Could it be that Elrond was also laughing? Lauren did not beg him as the type but his shoulders shook slightly. "So it would seem Lord Elrond, but I still worry." Lauren took a bite of the food that was on the table and shook her head. She swallowed quickly and looked up Aragorn from her seat. "That's why you're going to train me!" Aragorn smiled as he offered his arm to Lauren and the two walked out to the training grounds. Gandalf looked at Elrond with a serious gleam in his eyes. "Do you think she will want to come to the council?" Elrond looked at his friend as he contemplated the question. "She already knows the outcome of this war but she said that her being here has changed things." Gandalf nodded they had discussed this when Elrond and Aragorn first told him about Lauren and who she was. "That makes sense; she said Frodo's horse was supposed to cross the river? I must talk to her when she and Aragorn return from training." The two friends continued talking about different matters meanwhile; out in the courtyard, Aragorn was drilling Lauren in sword techniques. "You can wield a sword fine but you form is lacking." Lauren laughed, watching action movies all the time paid off, who would've thought. However she was mimicking them and in the movies it was all for show. She nodded and continued to go through the motions that Aragorn taught her. "No offense Aragorn but I asked my martial arts teacher this as well. In real life, the enemy isn't going to give you a chance to move in the direction you want. Can't we just spar?" Aragorn laughed as he picked up his training sword, there was some truth to what she was saying but in order to do the dance you had to know the footing. They continued practicing until Lauren could barely hold the sword up any longer. "I thank you for the lesson but would it be possible if we stopped for a break?" The pair walked into the dining hall where Gandalf was returning from the kitchen with a few dishes of food. Lauren eyed the food like a hawk eyes its prey. Gandalf smiled as he put the food on a table and motioned for the two to sit. "I figured that you'd both be returning shortly so I took the liberty of getting some food." Lauren dug into the food and she closed her eyes as the fruit it her tongue. She swallowed and savored the taste. "We have fruit like this at home but it does not taste this good. I see a question in your eye Gandalf, is there something on your mind?" "Lord Elrond told me that you think that because you are here things have changed." Lauren nodded as she swallowed another bite of fruit. "Yes, Frodo's horse was not supposed to tire out until it crossed the river. I've contemplated many things and I'm not sure what to think. I was hoping maybe Galadriel may have seen something but if she has I assume she would have sent a message to Lord Elrond by now." After the trio talked things over Lauren returned to her room and sat on the bed. If there was one thing she wanted to do it was to stop the deaths of Halbarad and King Theoden, who both died at the Battle of Pelennor Fields, Boromir, who died at Rauros falls, and Haldir, who died defending Helms Deep. Yes, she would have to try to stop their deaths. Saving Boromir would be relatively easy; she just had to take out that one nasty Uruk-hai. The others wouldn't be so easy, they all died in a major battle and getting to them would be hard. One thing was certain, if she was going to be of any help she had to perfect her bow skills ASAP. *Author's Note* Thank you all for reading and thank you Tetraforce and Arabella Cauwell for the review