shield the dark-haired Halfling, but were also dismissed quickly. The last hobbit stumbled backwards, trying to escape the robed wraith. I knew that there was no escaping this, as he was cornered against a stone pillar. I watched in awed horror as the hobbit put on the One Ring. And my vision clouded as the hobbit disappeared before my eyes. I could see the Witch King draw his sword, and stab where the hobbit used to be. There was an anguished scream, and the hobbit reappeared with a Morgul wound in his heart. I gasped in horror. The Halfling was screaming now; I could almost see the poison and shadow working its way through his small body. I was now almost positive the Halfling would be lost to Shadow. And that is when Aragorn obstructed my vision. The ranger leapt with easy agility in front of the Witch King, and I shouted angrily in my mind: Estel! Have you gone mad?! Five wraiths at once? What are you…? Fortunately, Aragorn proved me wrong again. A torch appeared in his grasp, and he waved the Witch King back with its flames, the fire licking its way up the branch. "Frodo!" the sandy-haired perian | hobbit | yelled, running over to his injured companion. The hobbit answered back with a halfhearted pant. "Sam…" Seeing the torch Estel bared the wraiths fled, and I saw Aragorn finish the last one off with a flick of his arm; the torch sped through the air, and landed directly on the Witch King's robes. They caught aflame, and the screaming wraith disappeared into the abyss. I turned my attention back to the Halfling, as did Aragorn. The sandy-haired perian kneeling beside the victim called out to my friend. "Strider!" The two other hobbits were now surrounding this "Frodo", comforting his anguished wails as Estel examined the blade. He spoke my thoughts aloud. "He has been stabbed by a Morgul blade." His hands touched the hilt, and the blade crumbled to ash as human flesh wielded the weapon. The sandy-haired one, "Sam", was weeping as Aragorn took up the Halfling, speaking to his companions as he did so. "This is beyond my skillty. He needs Elvish medicine." The vision faded away with his words. As I gathered my wits and took hold of my surroundings, I noticed that Lord Elrond was staring at me intently. Arwen gripped my shoulder and asked softly, "Ellacári, what did you see?" I took a deep breath to steady myself, and spoke of the vision I had seen. "They were at Amon Suol. The wraiths caught up with them…the ring-bearer, Frodo…he was stabbed by the Witch King." Erestor gasped in horror, while Glorfindel simply closed his eyes, his skin turning sallow. Elrond stood in silent consideration, although you could tell that he was distressed by the sickly pale color his complexion became. "Estel saved them. But Frodo is hurt badly. They are only six days from Imladris, my Lord. They will never make it without an Elvish steed." I thought about this, and then stood up in sudden realization of who needed to go. Elrond saw my train of thought. "No, Ellacári, it is too dangerous. Your father would have my head if he knew I had sent you out alone when we knew that the Nine were about. We will send a party of…" Arwen supported me quietly. "Ada | Daddy | , Cári will be able to go quicker alone. She is more adept to protect the perian from the Nine than any other elf, other than Elbereth herself. They fear her power…I do not think that they will attack her outright, and if they do chase her, it would be to weaken her steed's strength. As for her father…" she paused, looking at me. "Thranduil does not have to know anything." I smirked at her. Arwen was truly Dan and Ro's sister. Elrond looked at his advisors. Glorfindel shrugged, but a twinkle in his eyes showed his approval. Erestor grumbled something about foolish wood-elves, but nodded his support as well. Lord Elrond sighed, and nodded. I leapt from my chair before he had time to change his mind, and sprinted out of the Hall to the stables. My mind absently began searching the woods surrounding Amon Suol as I leapt upon a white stallion with neither saddle, nor bridle. I found the party a little less than a league away from the watch tower. At the rate they were running, I would find them in two days perhaps, if I only stopped for rest when my horse deemed it necessary. As I sped off toward the eastern gate of the valley, I said a little prayer to Elbereth: Héri-ello Cal, lar-nîn yesta: eteleht coile yare ni raht-tien. I Valar, eteleht coile. | Lady of Light, hear my plea: let them be alive when I reach them. By the Valar, let them be alive | . Translations – * NOTE: ITALICIZED = QUENYA ; BOLDED = SINDARIN * Imladris – Rivendell Arda – Middle-Earth Ammë – Mother/Mommy Elen-gwanûr – Star-brother Elleth – Elf (fem.) Atto – Father Perian – Hobbit Ada – Daddy Héri-ello Cal, lar-nîn yesta: eteleht coile yare ni raht-tien. I Valar, eteleht coile. – Lady of Light, hear my plea: let them be alive when I reach them. By the Valar, let them be alive. Word-Count: 2682 Note about Translations: Since Quenya was basically only used during the First Age (by the High Elves + Noldor), and is Ellacári's first language (because she's a High Elf), it'll be used for her inward thoughts/prayers, in addition to her interactions with any other elves who would've had Quenya as their first language (i.e. Thranduil, Galadriel, etc.). Sindarin will be used for all other dialogue/interactions. Hope you don't completely flame me. This is my first fic that I've published, so, it'll probably get really sucky reviews. Again, flames, while disappointing, are welcome. I can deal with criticism! :) ~ CC.