to warm him. Merry stared across the top of Pippin's head and his eyes met Frodo's. Their older cousin watched them, his expressive blue eyes filled with sympathy for their suffering. Soon all four hobbits were huddling together against the cold wind and snow. "I'm hungry." Pippin's comment was simply a statement of fact. He knew there was not much to be done about it, Merry was certain. A moment later he found they were being pulled inside the folds of Boromir's heavy cloak, his smallest cousin placed on the big man's lap while he pulled the rest of them as close as possible to his sides. He slipped each of them a small bit of dried meat without a word. Merry looked up gratefully. Boromir simply smiled and drew them closer, his body shielding them from the worst of the weather. The grim anniversary had nearly passed in its entirety and still they had not spoken aloud of Boromir, yet his presence permeated every thought, every action they had taken this day. They sat in companionable silence for a long time, gazing up at the slowly darkening sky. As the stars emerged one by one and increased in number and brilliance they crept closer together as if in need of the reassurance and warmth of physical contact. "The stars are very bright tonight, aren't they Merry?" 'Yes Pip, I noticed." "Perhaps it's only because we haven't taken the time lately to really look at them." "I suppose we haven't." Pippin drew his legs up and leaned against his cousin's shoulder in quiet contemplation. Merry draped an arm around him and they sat that way for quite some time appreciating their companionship. Pippin pointed at a far constellation just beginning to take shape. "Look, Merry. It's the Archer! It reminds me of Legolas." "Yes. It does me too. And look at that one," Merry pointed in the opposite direction. "That one looks like a horse." "Aye, perhaps it's Shadowfax." "Could very well be, Pip. And look there, that has to be a dragon. See the fire coming from its mouth?" Pippin nodded. "And that one's my old dog, Dizzy! Remember how Pervinca said she named him after me because we acted so much alike?" Pippin chuckled. "It took me the longest time to realise she was having a jest on me!" "Yes, such a trusting little lad you were." "Merry, remember when we played this game on our journey? And how Boromir played along with us and even came up with names for all the creatures we picked out of the stars?" "Yes, I remember Pip. He was very good at it." "He seemed to have names for all the stars in the night sky! And he knew all the constellations. He even outdid Aragorn during our game, remember? He could come up with ideas so very quickly." "It was fun to listen to him tell his stories too." Pippin huddled closer. "I miss him Merry." "I do too, Pip." "Merry?" His cousin listened with quiet regard, not speaking. "Why did he have to die?" Pippin's voice threatened to break, the raw anguish of his question causing Merry's heart to ache. He sighed heavily. "Because everyone has a time Pip. You know that." His arm tightened around his little cousin's shoulders. "Yes," Pippin admitted sadly. "But it still doesn't feel quite right. Boromir was still so young. He was trying to…" Merry's arm tightened still more. "Yes. He was trying to save us Pip. And we were saved. In the proper time." "Do you really believe that?" "Yes I do. Everything in Middle-earth has a time and a season. Things have a way of working out the way they are meant to be. We can't always understand the purpose. But Boromir touched our lives in a very special way. And we will always remember him." Pippin gazed up once more, considering. He was silent for so long Merry was about to say something when Pippin gave a small cry of surprise and pointed up. "Look! I can see him in that constellation, right there, beside Dizzy!" He nodded knowingly. "It's just like Boromir used to tell us, Merry. When someone crosses over, the ones he leaves behind have only to seek him out in the night sky. And you see? He was right! It's taken three years but now I can see him up there bright and clear. Can't you?" Merry grinned at his cousin's enthusiasm and indulged him by seeking out the portion of sky he pointed to. He gasped with sudden recognition. A brand new constellation beamed down at them. The stars took the shape of a warrior engaged in battle, his sword raised high, his smile of triumph shining brightly for all who cared to see. Merry struggled to find words, his mouth gaping in astonishment while Pippin simply gazed at the sky with satisfaction. "Merry, do you remember that poem Boromir recited for us sometimes as we were star gazing? He said it was very old." "Yes," Merry rubbed his chin thoughtfully, still unable to take his eyes from the constellation. "How did it go again?" In a soft voice Pippin began to recite: "When he shall die, take him and cut him out in little stars, and he will make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun." Merry smiled, tears glistening on his cheeks. "He was right Merry. I shall always be in love with the star-filled night. Its forever been my favourite time and now 'tis even more dear to me." Pippin continued gazing reverently at the constellation. "Yes. He was right Pip. About so many things." Merry squeezed his cousin's shoulder. "Perhaps we will even be able to dread the nights no longer?" He too gazed upward. "For we shall never be alone it would seem." From Romeo and Juliet, Act 3 Scene 2, by Shakespeare