for many a month after that incident," Paladin chuckled. "And there wasn't any lad in the entire Shire who was happier to see his cousins, as I was when they caught up with me at last. I knew they were of a mind to scold me soundly for my rash behaviour but they just couldn't bring themselves to after I had fallen overboard. Or, so they told me later." He laughed again. "They even defended me to your Granda because I had been so obviously panic stricken. So, after all was said and done, my father decided I had been punished enough by the experience itself. And because I had lost my beloved Sammy." Father and son remained quiet for several moments. Finally, Pippin spoke in a soft voice; "I'd feel so dreadful if I lost Tulip like that. And I'm so sorry you lost your friend, Da!" Paladin patted his son's arm and handed him Tulip. "Thank you, lad. Just try to remember that all of our actions carry consequences, and some may be more serious than we can imagine at the time. What if there had been a stray pitchfork lying in that hay? Or if you had cracked your head much harder? Or…well, I think you've got my meaning." Pippin nodded, his face solemn now. "I'm sorry for scaring you and Mum." Paladin closed his eyes for a few seconds, and then met his son's bright eyes with his own. "I'm simply asking you to think harder and longer before you act, Pippin." "Yes, I know." "Good!" They both looked up as Eglantine pushed the door open with her hip and placed a heavily laden tray on the foot of the bed. Paladin whistled. "Your mother, as usual, has outdone herself." Pippin bobbed his head with equal enthusiasm and gestured for someone to hurry up and give him something to eat. Eglantine pulled up a chair and began preparing a plate for her son. "Mum!" Pippin tried to bounce up and down, but dislodged Tulip from her perch and was scolded roundly by the knitted piglet. "Sorry, Tulip." Pippin tenderly placed her back on her pillow. "Da just told me a story about his Sammy-Lambie." "Oh? And what story was that, Pad?" Eglantine lifted her brow in question. "The one when I lost Sammy in the Brandywine. You've heard it before, Tina." Paladin winked at his wife covertly. "Ah, yes. So I have." She handed Pippin his plate. "Eat your luncheon now, my lads, before anything gets cold." She didn't have to tell them twice. *** Eglantine watched her husband head down the hallway with the tray of dishes from their meal. "Sammy-Lambie? The stuffed sheep your sisters teased you so much about because he went everywhere with you." "The very same." Eglantine followed him. "But Pad, you told me that you lads all went out in the boat knowing full well you weren't allowed to. And it was your cousin Milo who actually fell in, wasn't it? As I recall the story, the older lads were teasing you and snatched your toy away, and sometime during all the shenanigans of grabbing for him, Sammy got flung overboard and Milo ended up following him. He didn't just decide to leap in and go for a swim on his own. Milo or Sammy either one, that is!" Paladin looked at her a bit shamefacedly after placing his burden on the kitchen table. "Well…I thought my story gave Sammy a rather more dramatic ending. And it was a good way to make an important point with Peregrin. Maybe while he's busy being concerned with the well-being of his piggy, he'll keep himself out of more messes while he's at it." Paladin gave her a wide grin. "Hmm, and perhaps you should tell Pippin you were being disobedient, and not heroic as you made yourself out to be?" Eglantine chuckled. "And the way you lads' parents really reacted to your wee voyage, eh?" Paladin snorted. "That, my dear, wouldn't have been nearly as much fun for me!" "Hmm, I suppose not. Well now, would you like me to make you another Sammy-Lambie, Pad? Then perhaps you and your son might go do a bit of sightseeing, and show your wee friends the lay of the land around the Took farm?" She gave him a wink. "You never know, it could be a great deal of fun." "There's a thought, now." Paladin pretended to consider the notion. "Just be certain you make him very fat and fluffy though, just like the first Sammy. With a small spot of black," he pointed to his nose, "just about here on the left side of his muzzle. Oh! And be sure to make him a collar. The original Sammy-Lambie had a very nice one that Mum knitted to go along with it…" Paladin continued to add items to the list as he followed his wife into the kitchen. "…'twas blue and green entwined, as I recall. My favourite colours, you know. Also, you might-" Eglantine stopped and turned, placing a hand over his mouth. "Dearest, any more of this and I'm going to start believing you're serious! Well, I know without a doubt now where Pippin gets most of his imagination and his ability to talk non-stop." Eglantine chuckled as she started to gather up the dishes and carry them to the sink. "I always did suspect it was from your side of the family." "Tina, perhaps you could knit a Sammy-Lambie? I have missed that stuffed sheep so much all these years, and it…" Paladin's voice trailed off. "What?" "Paladin Took! Have you gone 'round the bend on me, lad?" "For Pippin, I mean! He can add it to his collection of farm animals. Oh, mercy, you didn't think that I actually wanted it for myself?" "Oh! Well then, maybe I'll see what I can do." Eglantine laughed as she turned to the sink, missing the twinkle of delight in her husband's eyes.