gone from sight, Legolas slowly approached the trembling Elleth, noting the tattered remains of her clothing, and the fear evidently swimming within her blue eyes. "I won't hurt you," he said gently. She didn't answer him. Then it struck him. Perhaps she did not understand the common tongue. " Pedin i lam edhellen?" he inquired in the melodious tongue of Elvish. The Elleth's eyes widened slightly at this. " P-Pedin edhellen ," she hesitantly replied, as if testing her voice for the first time. Grabbing the keys from a hook on the wall, Legolas walked over to her and unshackled the chains binding her to the wall. Her frail body crumpled to the ground, but the Elf caught her before she could hit solid stone. Removing the cloak from around his shoulders, he used it to cover her modestly, taking extra care in avoiding her open wounds. " M-Man le ?" she asked still in Elvish. " Esgal i eneth nín ," he told her with a smile. "Esgal?" her brows furrowed together in confusion. No doubt she understood the meaning behind his name. "What is your name?" Legolas helped her stand shakily, allowing her to lean on him for support. "Aeneth..." He smiled again. "That's a pretty name," he said warmly. The Elleth, Aeneth, ducked her head in response to his comment. Carefully he led her out of the dungeons and up the spiral flight of stairs. Those who gave questioning looks were silenced with one glare from the Elf as he led Aeneth towards his chambers. He may be an assassin, but he was not heartless, especially not towards one of his own kind. The Elf also had questions as to why she was captured. Perhaps he can learn a few pieces of information about the Elvenking through her. As soon as they were inside his chambers Legolas brought her over to the bed, gently easing her down and instructing her to wait as he went to retrieve a medical kit. He was taught medical techniques should he ever sustain a fatal injury during a task. Disappearing inside the wash room connected to his personal chambers, the Elf filled a basin full of water and placed a clean towel in it, this he brought over to Aeneth and allowed her to clean herself. Returning to the medical kit Legolas took out various herbs in small vials, pouring some of each inside a bowl. Next he used a pestle to grind up the herbs into a fine powder, which he then applied to clean bandages, bringing the strips over to the shaking Elleth. "These will clean and disinfect the wounds," he said whilst wrapping them around the lacerations. Aeneth cried out when the herbs touched her skin. "Bear with me please." "W-Why are you doing this for me?" murmured Aeneth through closed eyes. "I cannot stand to see a fellow Elf suffering like you did," he merely said. Her silver eyes locked onto his crimson ones. "You are an Elf are you not? You speak my tongue yet your eyes are crimson...and you do not glow like I do." "I am different from you Aeneth," Legolas finished bandaging the last of her wounds and stood up. The Elleth glanced down at her bandaged wounds, grateful that he had done a good job of tending to her injuries. In all honestly Aeneth was prepared to die in that room back there. She had been separated from her patrol earlier than morning, and was trying to find her way back to Mirkwood when a band of Goblins emerged from the woods. Outnumbered one to twenty, she barely had time to put up a fight prior to being dragged back to Dol Guldur, where she was then tortured horribly by those three... disgusting beasts. " Le hannon ," she finally said after a while. "I will make sure no one will disturb you as you rest Aeneth. In time you will discover who I am and why I have survived for so long in Dol Guldur," Legolas began walking towards the door. "Wait-" His next response cut her off. "Yes. I am an Elf just like you Aeneth, but I do not glow because I have learned to keep the darkness from consuming my mind and soul." Her entire body shuddered at the mention of mind and soul. She had heard stories of Elves succumbing to darkness and evil, how they became twisted and deranged until they no longer resembled Elves. They became Goblins. And Goblins hated being reminded of their once being Elves. The Elleth also knew the trees around the Hill of Sorcery were the same. The once-green trees had become corrupted with anger and hate, having absorbed the seeping malice from Dol Guldur for thousands of years until their light no longer existed. " Boe i'waen . You have been through a lot this day, rest as long as you need. No one dare enter my chambers unless I give an order." "Don't go!" Aeneth implored, not wanting to be left alone. Legolas was already halfway out the door. " Na lû e-govaned nin Aeneth ," he simply said as the door closed behind him. To be continued... Review? Once again: DO NOT review and accuse me of plagiarizing when I have explained myself in the above note! But if you do have thoughts then I'd love to hear them from you c: Hopefully you all enjoyed this first chapter! Legolas' past will slowly be revealed throughout the story. Aeneth will only be around for a few chapters (you'll see why later on) But I will add OCs when necessary for the progression of this story. See you all next chapter! Shadow Songstress! Translations Pedin i lam edhellen: Do you speak Elvish Pedin edhellen: I speak Elvish Man le: Who are you Esgal i eneth nín: My name is Esgal Le hannon: Thank you Boe i'waen: I must go Na lû e-govaned nin Aeneth: Until we next meet Aeneth