a momentous and happy revelation, or…" Boromir's voice fell to a whisper, "a catastrophe." The big man sat up straight and chuckled merrily. "Of course sometimes the cat was simply sleepy, having been allowed to feast on all the fine foods she was rewarded with!" Groans emanated from his own audience and he grinned. Holding up a hand he stopped their protests. "However, on one such occasion Hithfaer sat upon the picture of a great storm cloud and stared hard at her admirers. Then she lifted her paw and began to wash her whiskers. And then her paw travelled higher and higher until…" Boromir paused for effect before whispering, "she preened the back of both of her ears!" Pippin gaped at him, finally speaking. "Yes? And what is the significance of that? My kitty does that every time I feed her," Pippin snorted. "Yes, but your cat cannot predict the future, can she?" Boromir asked. "No, of course not! Well, not that I am aware of anyway. But my da says when a cat washes her face and reaches over both her ears with her paw it means we're to expect visitors." "But not in Gondor! In my country when a cat washes behind both ears with a single paw it means one of two things." "Aye, either she wants clean ears or you're having company!" "Nay Pippin. And remember, she was seated on the image of the great storm cloud at the time, and for some hours, which made her prediction twice as ominous." Boromir glanced around the circle of listeners solemnly. "The Interpreter told the people Hithfaer had foreseen a great storm of terrible proportions and they would have to abandon the city for a distant refuge in order to save their lives. The storm was foretold to strike within two days because the Soothsayer had sat upon the picture for exactly two hours. Oh! The people worked themselves up into a state of frenzy and fled to their homes to prepare to abandon the great city quickly. Even the queen and her servants flew about in a state of terror packing their belongings and making ready to leave." The little group fell quiet. Finally Frodo spoke. "And the Royal Interpreter? What did he do?" "He watched and waited, pretending to make his own preparations. Then, at the opportune moment when all but he had fled the city, he leisurely gathered up much of the Queen's riches and packed them carefully into his waggon and on the back of his horse. He was in no hurry of course. He had been cheerfully making up all the cat's predictions over the years whilst he laughed at the foolish people behind their backs and prepared for this day. Oddly though, Hithfaer had reappeared in the castle and Barukan was at a loss to explain her presence for she had been packed off along with the silly queen and the other cats. As he passed by the chamber where the feline had held audience all those years he noticed she was crouched once more on the image of the huge storm cloud, washing behind her ears. 'Fools!' he snorted with an evil laugh as he exited the castle." Boromir paused and looked slowly around the circle of his companions. The hobbits watched him, wide-eyed, forgetting their initial scepticism. Pippin held his breath. Boromir grinned wickedly. "As Barukan rode away he happened to glance up. He saw Hithfaer perched upon the highest tower staring down at him while she washed behind both ears with one paw. The next moment a great wind blew into the city followed by a sudden downpour. The sky darkened to black and a clap of thunder loud enough to wake the very dead echoed throughout the city! Barukan looked this way and that, his fear rising. His horse reared in terror and caused the heavily laden waggon to tilt precariously, spilling some of the queen's treasure upon the ground. Barukan dismounted and hastily retrieved his stolen goods, throwing them back into the waggon. Meanwhile, from her vantage point upon the great tower, Hithfaer continued to stare at the robber with great distaste. As Barukan clambered back onto his horse his eye caught sight of the soothsaying feline once more. Legend says that her stony gaze enabled the man to catch a glimpse into another world and he knew in that moment what his fate was to be! The evil Interpreter cried out his anger and rage as a bolt of lightening struck him squarely in the chest and claimed his life. Hithfaer watched his demise with interest and at last rested her paw on the stone turret. She shook her sleek tortoiseshell head and stood, muttering to herself. 'Fool,' she spat." Laughter erupted from the appreciative listeners and Pippin clapped his hands. "Oh my! So the mysterious kitty knew what was going on all along." "Yes indeed. In this tale the cat was victorious and so was the queen because she did not lose her riches," Boromir nodded. "Unlike evil Queen Beruthiel and her felines." Aragorn shook his head. "An extremely interesting tale, Boromir. I shall remember it." "Aye, very interesting tale indeed." Pippin sat back and considered the story for a moment. Around him the others began to prepare for their day's rest. "Boromir?" "Yes, Pip?" The big man halted and looked down at the halfling. "You never said what the other thing was. You remember, you mentioned that in Gondor when a cat washes behind her ears with a single paw it meant one of two things? A catastrophe or …?" Boromir smiled at his small friend. "That's right. It signifies a great catastrophe. Often it is a death by accident, like Barukan's." Pippin tilted his head to one side. "Or?" Boromir raised his brow and chuckled softly. "Or 'tis about to rain!" The voices of the entire Fellowship rose in a great harmony of gentle laughter and drifted through the canopy high above them.