alibi—you had Strider to vouch for you and vice-versa. But one thing puzzled me: Gimli kept announcing (and quite loudly) that the jewel was no good. If he had made it, it certainly would have been quite a good replica—his people are master craftsmen. And I have never known Gimli, for whatever reason, to demean the works of the dwarfs—quite the opposite! So we came back to the servants—did Strider somehow inadvertently leak the information that he had the original Star of Elendil in possession to one of them? Hardly. Strider was a Ranger—the epitome of prudence and caution. It was all confusing until one of the scullery maids spoke to me. "She said that she had seen Strider on the bailey, looking a bit intoxicated. When I questioned her further, she said that she had 'not anyone strange or even anyone at all'. Why wouldn't she see anyone else if you had gone outside with Strider, Legolas ?" I turned to stare at Mithrandir. He continued, "It all made sense. You know how Strider gets when he's had a few glasses too many. He was probably talking to you, and part of the way through the conversation, you walk away, though as if just walking behind or around him. He pays no attention, and does not notice that you are gone—into the palace to replace the jewel. As none of us left the great room, we would not have seen you; the only people who would have would be the servants passing through the great hall, but they are busy enough already and would not think your presence cause for suspicion. You come back out—after the scullery maid I conversed with leaves the sink—and pretend that you have been there the whole time. In his state, Strider wouldn't have noticed. "Then comes the disappearance itself. After Strider places the jewel on the table, you quickly extinguish the lights, for you knew the jewel was not of very good make and someone with intimate knowledge of such things—Gimli or perhaps even Strider—might spot the fake after closer examination. This might lead Strider to suspect you, since it would indicate foreknowledge of the fact that he had the jewel etc. So you extinguish the lights—by using the water in the pot. (Arwen said she watered those flowers every day, yet the place where the pot fell was dry.) If the pot were just empty of water, it would be known that somebody just dumped the water on the fire; so you had to break it—also to mask the sound of the water being poured on the fire." "That's all very good and well," I said, "but you've got two holes in that theory: how would I have learned of his surprise if Estel didn't even tell Arwen? And what motive do I have for stealing a jewel? I have no need or desire of it, Mithrandir, and you know that." "In answer to your first challenge: Strider and Arwen have had what we call 'misunderstandings'. Arwen has grown increasingly cold to her husband, and poor Strider cannot figure out why. I have found out through Arwen that it is because of his obsession with his work. So Strider drives himself further and further into his work to abate his feelings of frustration with the relationship, and consequently further and further from Arwen. When a man is not on a speaking basis with his wife, whom does he confide in? His best friend , of course. He told you not only about the surprise he was planning but also of his marital rift. You see your friend obsessed with the thing and 'put two and two together', as we say. So, you reason, here is a perfect way to end this vicious cycle: if Strider were to lose the jewel, he might soon realize that his wife is more valuable than jewels—I can only wonder if you have been reading those stories about the friends who get into an argument and after traveling the world together and experiencing unspeakable perils reconcile. "Anyways, it would be difficult if not impossible to get the jewel out of the castle, what with the increased security and all. And if the jewel were only lost, certainly, everybody would be looking everywhere for it. But what if it were stolen? Then everybody would be searching people instead of places—and I am certain you deposited it someplace." "You've got me." I spread my hands in that universal gesture of admitting defeat. Mithrandir sighed. "You've got all the wit of your father," he said. I brightened. "Really?" "Your father was an idiot," said Mithrandir, turning to stare at me. "Here we are," he announced when we had reached a door. "Listen, Mithrandir," I said suddenly, "you aren't going to ... you know ... tell Estel about this?" "You do know where the jewel is, I presume?" said Mithrandir. I nodded. "Then I will tell him we know where the jewel is. I will say no more." "Thank you, Mithrandir!" "Besides, we have more important matters to deal with. The cause of this whole incident. I have called Estel here; he should be inside already." Mithrandir knocked, and sure enough, Estel bid us enter. "Mithrandir!" he exclaimed. "And Legolas? What ...?" "Legolas has the whereabouts of the jewel," said Mithrandir. "But sit. I wish to discuss something with you. ...It won't be very long." We all sat. "Do not neglect your wife's emotional needs, my lord," said Mithrandir. "Wives are not trophies to be had. That's all." He rose. "Of course," cried Estel. "I would do anything for her ... she—she is the most extraordinary woman ... She is so kind, so gentle—and so beautiful ..." " My Lady fair, she doth recline; her hair — so supple — by the breeze, even whilst she is supine, is swayed like nose hairs from a sneeze ," I murmured, staring at the floor. "Beg your pardon?" "Nothing," I said. The End