his mother's face flushed in her pique of anger and she resumed her pacing. Really, I expected her to be upset with me but not like this! He rolled his eyes skyward while her back was turned and unconsciously allowed his foot to start tapping on the chest again as he slumped against it once more. Honestly, if she could only hear mother spun around in front of him, interrupting his thoughts. "And don't you dare be rolling those pretty eyes at me, young sir. This is the thanks I get for talking your father out of giving you a licking this morning? And you promised me you wouldn'a be doing any mischief or back talk again any time soon? Why, I call that an all out falsehood. And so, what do you have to say for yourself, hmm?" "I. . . umm. . .well. . ." "Yes, you simply dinna have a proper answer for me, do you m'lad?" Pippin shook his head, staring at his feet. Eglantine sighed and sat on the bed, pulling him into her lap. "Pippin, you simply must learn to think before you do things. You seem to be going off in all directions, and that's something that'll get you into trouble more often than not. I've told you over and over again, stop and think. Now, can you do that next time you're tempted into something you know is misbehavior?" "Yes ma'am." "And most especially if it involves young Sancho Proudfoot enticing you into making mischief with him, aye?" Pippin looked at his mother, brow furrowing. "But-!" "No, no 'but' about it. You know perfectly well what I'm talking about, Pippin." "All right, Mum. I'll try." "Well, you'd best be doing a great deal more than just trying, young hobbit." The lecture over, Eglantine scooped her repentant son off her lap and gave him a firm hug. BR "You did WHAT?" Merry shook his head in disbelief and leaned back against the old oak tree. "Pippin, you really are daft!" He tossed a pebble at the pond extra forcefully, his disgust at Pippin's actions all too apparent. Pippin moaned and threw an arm over his face. Merry sat up straight and glared at his young cousin. "Pip, you haven't done anything that foolish since you climbed up onto the barn roof and thought you could fly!" Pippin allowed himself to chuckle at the memory despite his mood. "Aww, I was only just a wee lad of five, Merry." He sighed and rolled over onto his stomach in the green grass, plucking at some of the tufts as he scrunched up his face at the memory. "But I guess you're right. Mum and Da were almost as upset with me then as they are now. Anyway, I certainly got it good and proper this time. I dinna think I'll be able to sit for a week." He reached back and rubbed his seat. "And now you can't go anywhere. So much for us getting to visit Hobbiton and see Frodo and Bilbo. You know how much I was looking forward to it." Merry gave his cousin's shoulder a rough nudge. "I'm sorry Merry! I didn'a mean to get in trouble again. I'm sorry I spoiled our visit. You can go without me." Merry looked at the sorrowful eyes and his own expression softened. "You know I won't do that, Pip." He sighed. "Well, at least Uncle Paladin didn't say I had to go home." Pippin grinned up at his cousin. "That's good at least. I really am sorry." Merry chuckled. "I imagine you are. You really should be thinking things through before you do something dim-witted. Just what is the attraction with Sancho anyway? I think he's nothing but a little scoundrel who's always going out of his way to get you into trouble. And you-" Merry poked him again, "fall for it every time." Pippin scowled and tugged harder at the grass. "I do not," he mumbled. "Yes, you do. You know you do. That's what I don't understand. So why don't you stop going about with him, Pip? Come and do things with some of the other lads. We have fun, don't we?" "Well, sure we do Merry, Pippin said, hesitation in his voice. "Then what is it?" Pippin sighed. "I have fun with Sancho. He's always daring to try all sorts of things-" "Yes, the sort of things that get you into lots of hot water. And sometimes even dangerous things." "Not all the time. Sometimes we do things that I think of first." "And that's supposed to be a better idea? Either way, you're always the one ending up over your father's knee." "Sancho says that's because I'm too good at getting caught. He says I have to learn how to be more sneaky, like him." "Oh certainly, that's what you need to do, be sneakier. Then maybe you two can get into some real mischief, as if you haven't already." "You dinna have to be so sarcastic." "You need to learn that Sancho is not a good friend to anyone but himself." "You're wrong Merry." "Oh no, I'm not! And you're going to find out the hard way, just you wait." "I dinna want to talk about it any more." "Fine." "Want to go fishing?" "Sure Pip. Let's go fishing." Merry rose and followed his young cousin back to the barn. He watched Pippin limp along ahead of him and shook his head in dismay. How was he going to get him to listen to what he was saying before Sancho talked him into something that was not only foolish, but perhaps dangerous too? It was pretty obvious Uncle Paladin had already given him some serious attention and still the youngster didn't want to listen. Maybe he and Frodo should have a little chat with Sancho? The more Merry thought about it the better he liked the idea. Yes, a little talk with Sancho sounded like an excellent idea.