Pippin howled his dismay. Tomias dropped to the ground beside him. "Are you all right lad?" His eyes were wide with fear. Pippin's wails brought several people rushing into the barn to see what had happened. Even Pansy the goose stuck her head around the corner of a stall to see who had dared to bother her. Never having cared for crowds the big goose (Would a farm goose not have clipped wings? Nope! Not on my husband's farm!) took off in a cloud of feathers beating her great wings in the air, her indignation at the disturbance very clear. Paladin hurried to his son's side and dropped to his knee beside Tomias. He placed a hand on his son's brow and brushed the thick hair aside examining the small cut to his forehead. It was bleeding slightly. Pippin's cries had stopped and he stared up at his audience. "Are you all right son?" Pippin nodded and was about to speak when his father placed his arms around him and lifted him carefully out of the mess. Holding him away from himself Paladin headed for the pump outside the barn and put the youngster down on the bench. Drawing a handkerchief from his pocket he dipped it into the cold water someone was already pumping into a bucket and carefully applied it to the cut. "Oww, that hurts," Pippin yelped, batting his father's hand away. "Whatever happened?" Eglantine asked as she joined them, Pearl close at her side. She bent to examine her son's injury taking hold of his flailing hands while Paladin tended to him. "He just darted out from behind one of the stalls rather suddenly Missus Took." Tomias's voice was shaky. "Next thing I knew he yelled out something at me and the next," he shook his head in wonder, "he was on the ground." Since everyone was used to Pippin's shenanigans no one was all that surprised. "He grabbed for the shovel to steady himself I think, and it landed on his head. I'm sorry Mr Took, I couldn't catch the handle in time." "That's all right lad, he'll be fine." Paladin proceeded to clean the small cut thoroughly. He looked up at his wife and daughter and winked, laughing, "He doesn't smell all that fine though." Eglantine took charge. "Pearl, go and prepare a bath for your brother will you please? Pad, rinse him off well before I take him inside and-" A wail of protest interrupted her instructions. "Not two baths in one day!" Eglantine lifted an eyebrow and looked her son up and down impatiently. "Aye, and possibly three if I think the occasion calls for it, young sir." She hoisted him to his feet by one arm, wrinkling up her nose as she pulled. "And perhaps even a wee bit of flowery scent for behind your ears if we can't get all the smell off of you. Oh my, whew. How you reek!" Laughter erupted around them causing Pippin to scowl at the onlookers. Paladin chuckled as he poured a pail of water over his son's back. "Da! It isn't funny!" Pippin squirmed to get away. "And that's cold!" "Ah well now, it's a sight better'n smelling like cow manure, isn't it?" Paladin grinned as he lifted another bucket and poured this one down Pippin's front. "Daaaaaa!" "Come now my lad, your sister's got a hot bath just about ready for you. With a great deal of soap." Eglantine took him by the arm making certain to hold him away from her as she marched him towards the smial. "Wait!" Pippin struggled to get away. "What is it now? You're filthy and cold so we'll be doing no more delaying," his mother scolded. "Tulip! I want my piggy, Mum!" His mother glanced at the others in dismay. "She didn't join you in the muck bath did she now? Because if that's the case…" "No, she jumped off my shoulder before I fell." "Will someone kindly look for piggy and return her home then?" Eglantine gripped Pippin's arm firmly and started off again. A chorus of "I want my pig!" could still be heard as Pippin was tugged away smartly. "Ah, me. Well, I best be finding that missing piggy before he drives his mother to distraction." Paladin finished washing under the pump and then strolled into the barn. He met Pervinca as she was coming out. She held the knitted pig out to her father. "Is this what he's wailing about now Da?" "Aye, take it in and give it to him, will you Vinca? There's a good lass." Pervinca snorted. "He's been talking to it all morning you know. And acting like it talks back to him. He's so silly." She trotted off with the knitted piglet slung over her shoulder dangling by its curly tail. The sun was high in the sky when Pippin decided to do as Tulip suggested and go for a walk to soothe his disgruntled mood. Two baths in a single day indeed! He felt himself fortunate to have at least avoided the threatened rose scent behind his ears. Nevertheless he had suffered a noteworthy scrubbing at the hands of his mother and sister. A sojourn into the meadows around their home was just what he needed to take his mind off the strong scent of soap. He deposited some food in a handkerchief, tucked piggy into his shirt and set out across the meadow. Not far into his hike he began to hum a tune. Inside his shirt Tulip joined him in singing the chorus. Pippin marvelled at how well they harmonized together as he marched happily on his way in search of berries and adventure. It wasn't long before he had strayed as far as he was allowed to go by himself but many a passing butterfly distracted him as he continued along the narrowing path. Inside his shirt Tulip decided not to remind him as he passed the boundaries of his family's farm.