and best laying hens! And it wasn't even dinnertime… Later that afternoon the downcast youngster sprawled in the grass beneath the oak that held his swing, his ever-present knitted friend perched on his shoulder trying to comfort him. He had failed at everything he'd tried today, even though he had given it his best effort. He studied his fingers, still sore from poking them with the sewing needle, and rubbed at the scratch on his forehead, received when he'd tried to encourage Lily to come back down from the tree. He had a scraped knee, a bruised shin, and a sore bum where Pansy had bit him. But all of that was nothing compared to his wounded dignity. He'd made a mess of the mending, scattered his sister's hard work in the garden all over the yard, not to mention destroying her basket by falling on it, and trampled his mother's flower garden while trying to pull out some unrelenting weeds. Ones he'd discovered after the fact, were not weeds at all, but new seedlings placed there only the day before. He'd broken all the eggs, hit Dizzy with the pup's own ball while playing fetch, scared Lily high up into the oak tree quite unintentionally, thrown Tulip into a rubbish bin…and to top it all off he had accidentally killed a prize chicken with a garden rake! "Even you feel sorry for me," he moaned, scratching behind Tulip's ears. She responded by grunting and nuzzling his cheek. "Why can't I do anything right?" Tulip's heart melted and she hastened to remind him of all the things he had done well, but it seemed of little consolation to him. Pippin rolled over on his stomach, placed his face in the crook of his arm and began to sob. Distressed in the extreme, Tulip sat next to him patting his shoulder with her hoof and murmuring in his ear. "Here now, what's all this about?" Pippin only cried harder at the sound of his father's soothing voice. Paladin was on his way in from the fields and had no clue what a busy day his son had. "Pippin, what's wrong, boy?" When he didn't receive an answer he sat next to him and scooped the lad into his arms, rocking him back and forth until he calmed. Finally, he drew back and cupped the quivering chin in his hand, studying his face with concern. "What happened?" Pippin burst into tears all over again and threw his arms around his father's neck. "Daaa…" Pippin drew a great gulping breath and then the words came tumbling out nonstop, so fast that Paladin had difficulty understanding just what his son was trying to say. At last, the tears slowed and he had caught enough of his son's distressed explanation to get the general idea of the problem. "Ah, so my lad had a very difficult day then, I take it?" He felt the damp face nodding against his now equally damp shirt, and he smiled, pulling Pippin closer. "Well now, we all have days like that, m'lad. Not to worry. I guarantee you everything will look brighter in the morning." "But…but, I'm not good at anything! Everything I tried to do today turned out bad!" Pippin sniffed and wiped his face on his sleeve. Paladin withdrew a handkerchief and gave it to him. "Now, I'll just wager you're exaggerating that, Pippin." "No, I'm not!" "You had a very trying day, that's all. We all do sometimes. No one's going to hold what happened against you." "But Da – I killed Mum's best chicken," Pippin wailed. "Aye, so you said." Paladin rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Hmm. And what did your mother have to say about it?" "We're having chicken for supper," the youngster wailed again. Paladin laughed aloud and held his son close. "Ah, and so is the way of life on the farm, lad. You know that. Now dry your tears, eh? If all you're worried about is finding a task you'll be good at, then I've got just the thing in mind!" Pippin drew back and sniffed, studying his father curiously. "What?" "Well," Paladin said, reaching down to scoop up Tulip and place her back inside his son's shirt, "come with me and I'll show you. It's the same job I was given to do at around your age, and as I recall, I became quite expert at it." Pippin took the hand he was offered and trotted along at his father's side. Several hours later Eglantine came out to tell them supper was being put on the table. She smiled at her beaming son as he looked up from his labor. "Why, it looks as though you've done a fine job cleaning all this tack, m'lad! Your father is going to be very pleased. Who showed you how to do it?" Just then Paladin came around the corner of the barn, wiping his hands on a rag. "Da taught me," Pippin declared with no small amount of pride. He ran to his father and put his arms around him and Paladin hoisted him up. "Da says I'm a natural. And I can help with keeping the tack clean all the time." "Oh, is that so?" Eglantine chuckled. "Well, I'm certain everyone will be very happy to have your help, Pippin." "Oh, mercy yes! We can use all the help we can get. After all, there's plenty of it to be tended to, isn't there lad?" Paladin winked at his wife over Pippin's shoulder. "Why, you're going to be even better at it than I was at your age, I'm very sure." Paladin put him down. "Now, go wash your hands and get Tulip and we'll go in to supper. Hurry now, I'm as hungry as three grown hobbits tonight." "All right!" Pippin sprinted away. "Ahem," Paladin looked at his wife and grinned. "Is it really true we're having chicken tonight, then?" Eglantine threw her head back and laughed until the tears flowed.