"Well," Merry sat back against the barrel that Frodo had been seated on earlier and shook his head. He winked at Frodo, who was now sitting cross-legged not far from his right. "Over the years more Hobbits began to disappear as the area around the Old Forest grew. And of course, as more people moved in, more trees were cut to clear the land for homes. They say this angered the trees. It was already widely rumoured that some folks had seen the trees come alive and move about on their own. They said they even wandered outof the forest at times and took Hobbits captive, carrying them back into the woods for some terrible, unknown purpose." "So, how did they know it was the trees that did it?" A sceptical Tom Cotton wanted to know. "Maybe 'twas an outlaw, or per'aps a big person or two was hiding out in the woods after they'd been up to no good!" "Because whenever anyone was near the forest they could always make out the dim, shadowy shapes of the great trees, carrying struggling young Hobbit lads away to their doom," Merry glanced at Tom with a look of consternation before turning back to the others and dropping his voice to a hushed whisper. "And then, the screaming would start. And sometimes there were great flashes of lightning that lit up the sky, and ear shattering claps of thunder, just like what we heard last night! Folks said they could see what was happening in there. But no one wanted to tell what he'd seen because it was just too awful." Merry leaned forward again. "Folks say it was something in the water that did it. That the old Hobbit loner had learned magic from a wizard and cast a spell upon the waters in the Old Forest. It was said he wanted to get back at his kin for abandoning him." "Brandybuck kin?" whispered little Teriadoc Brandybuck as he reached up and clutched at his older sister's hand in fright. Merry nodded solemnly. "Or maybe Took kin. Someone must have done something terrible to that old Hobbit to have him take up with so much wrath against his own." Pippin listened with rapt attention to Merry's story. It wasn't that he found the tale all that frightening thus far. What bothered him was the fact there seemed to be so many elements in the story that reminded him of last night's dream. "But then, one night later on, after much of the land had been stripped of the trees to make way for the growing population, something dreadful happened!" Merry stood and his voice dropped to a chilling whisper as he turned in a circle, eyeing them all solemnly. "The trees rose up and marched upon Buckland in the dead of night! Our relatives had to rush out and take up torches to try and drive them back into the woodland before the maddened trees killed everyone in their path!" Gasps of dismay burst from some of the smallest children. Sancho rolled his eyes again and shook his head, grinning at Pippin. Pippin ignored him and trained all his attention on Merry. His breathing was harsh and his heart raced. Several of the adults chuckled at Merry's dramatics as he continued. "Everyone rushed about and the night was filled with the sound of the elder Hobbits giving orders as they all worked hard and fast to drive out the intruders with their great flaming torches! The Hobbits thought they had finally accomplished their task at long last when…" Merry stopped. A collective hush fell over the group of young Hobbits until someone called out at last, "Finish the story Merry!" Merry glanced around at them again and raised an eyebrow. He deliberately drew out the silence and spoke slowly at last. "Everyone was not accounted for." Several of the children drew their breath in quickly and stared at him. Merry nodded. "Yes. It seemed the youngest Brandybuck in the family had gone missing. He was a very small lad, just barely older than a faunt! The family was frantic, naturally! They all ran about madly looking for the young lad when all of a sudden a horrible scream pierced the night and they all looked up as one to see…" Merry's voice rose along with his enthusiasm, "The hugest tree in the bunch carrying the tiny, struggling lad away into the Old Forest!" Pippin began to shake and his tremors grew worse as his cousin's story built to a peak. "The family took up their fire and chased after the great tree that was heading further into the forest by now. A moment later they discovered they had accidentally set the whole forest on fire!" Merry waved his arms about to emphasise his point. "Oh, the woods erupted then in one great hot blaze of fire! Trees became engulfed in flames one by one and the heat was becoming unbearable for the rescuers! But they couldn't give up because the littlest lad was still held captive so they rushed the tree that held him fast and tried to use the fire to make it release him. The big tree caught fire then and a mournful screech…" Merry's voice faded away into the distance, sounding hollow in his ears as Pippin stared into the darkness. His trembling limbs shook harder as he beheld first, a pair of flaming hands, and then a person engulfed in fire, writhing in agony before his horrified gaze. The shrieking reached an unbearable level. He scrambled to his feet, squeezing his eyes shut, pressing his hands over both ears to mute the horrific shrieks. Even so, he was unable to tear his attention away from the powerful stare of the pair of burning eyes that held his own captive. Pippin opened his mouth and released a wail, his hands pressing ever tighter against his head, then collapsed to the ground as family members dashed to his side…