circle glinted in the bright beam of light that filtered down through the loft. It was mostly worn smooth, but some of the raised areas were still discernible. Merry peered at Pippin as the youngster toyed with the coin. "What is it about the stories that make you so uncomfortable? Have you experienced something?" Pippin squirmed under his cousin's close scrutiny. "Of course not. I told you, it's a tale, that's all, like the faerie legend. A story the family enjoys telling at gatherings like this one. There's nothing to it." "You seem awfully adamant about that." "Because I know I'm right." Merry gazed at his young cousin with an strange expression and Esmeralda was certain her son had discovered something he hadn't known about his little cousin, but it was something she had realised all along. The odd way Pippin seemed to know things, take them for granted, even, without thinking twice. Pippin had the gift of Sight just like his father. Like she herself. But he didn't understand it yet. In fact, it appeared he was having a fair amount of difficulty with the notion. Perhaps that was why he had such a hard time being around Aunt Pringle? Esmie watched knowingly as her Merry filed this awareness away for safekeeping. It would no doubt be an interesting conversation for the cousins one day. She smiled, not for the first time, amused by their conversation. She hadn't meant to eavesdrop; but when she heard the topic of their discussion she simply couldn't help herself. The door to the barn creaked and more sunlight spilled in. Esmie twisted around in surprise as two of the lasses poked their heads in, scanning the area. Pimpernel grinned when she spotted her aunt. Esmie winked at her conspiratorially and gestured them closer. She pointed at Pippin and Merry atop the hay mound deep in conversation. "I feel guilty for listening in, but I happened upon them having a rather serious sounding chat and I didn't want to interrupt," she whispered. "And now I'm in somewhat of a fix!" Pervinca giggled. "I can remedy that." She hopped out into view and called to them in a loud voice, "Pippin, Merry come quick! Auntie Pringle has fallen into the pond!" "What? Oh mercy, is she all right?" Esmeralda pressed a hand to her mouth. The boys tumbled down from their perch with the same exclamation and sprinted for the door. Merry tossed a curious look in his mother's direction, but Esmeralda only smiled. Pimpernel held the big door open. "Oh, she's quite all right. It seems she was pursuing some ducklings that started some gossip about her and she wanted to set them straight. I need to run inside for some towels." She shooed the youngsters out of the barn. "Go on now and help reassure her that nothing those ducklings might say could change the way we feel about her!" Esmeralda hoisted up her skirts and dashed after the children. They reached the pond to find Auntie Pringle sprawled on the grass next to the water, clutching at her sides as she giggled helplessly at the spectators. She was batting Eglantine's hands away as the frustrated hobbit tried to get her to keep the shawl on. A little audience stood about somewhat at a loss for words and it was all Esmie could do to keep from rolling her eyes. This was so like Auntie to turn what others thought was a grim situation into something humorous. Some of the people were gaping at her in obvious surprise and a couple others turned away with a polite mutter. The children giggled right along with her, which only added to her mirth. Garnet and Opal appeared suitably scandalized by Pringle's frolics and were whispering about their feelings amongst a cluster of the eldest hobbits. Saradoc coughed into his hand to hide his amusement but Paladin didn't hesitate to roll his eyes and shake his head. Esmie scurried over and knelt beside Eglantine. "Aunt Pringle! Are you all right? Are you hurt?" "I am quite drenched, dear, that's what I am," she declared before bursting into laughter once more. "Oh! those wicked ducklings, whatever shall I do with them? This isn't the first time they've pulled their tricks on me, don't you know!" Pippin stood back from everyone, Merry at his side. His mouth hung open forming a perfect 'O'. He stole a glance at his cousin and seeing Merry's huge grin, Pippin relaxed and shrugged his shoulders. He began to smile too. Pimpernel nudged them both out of the way as she rushed between them, spilling towels out of her arms as she ran by. Esmeralda watched the sleeping forms of her son and nephew for several moments before pulling the door to Pippin's room shut once more. With a shake of her head she proceeded to the kitchen where Eglantine was taking the pot of tea off the stove. Esmie slid into a chair with a sigh. "Everyone is tucked in at last. I think Auntie will have a good night's sleep. After all her frolicking today she must be exhausted." "That's good." Eglantine joined her. "It certainly was a lovely party." "Yes indeed." Esmeralda was quiet for a moment, thinking. "Tina? Do you think many folk realise Auntie is nowhere near as dotty as she makes herself out to be?" Eglantine paused in stirring the sugar into her tea. She wrinkled her brow. "I'm not sure. Nobody says all that much. I think after her accident everyone was just so relieved she was going to be all right they overlook her eccentricities even more easily than they did before. Why do you ask?" "No reason in particular." Esmeralda murmured. She gazed out the kitchen window, noting the silver orb rising in the night sky. She adored a full moon on a summer's evening. 'Twas all the better to think by. And she would keep her thoughts to herself until some other day.