The ring worried him. It might be one of the lesser Elf-rings; he hoped to find out, here, if he could. Galadriel in Lothlórien might also know something, since she had been close to Celebrimbor, maker of many such rings. "But I imagine I could spare a few evenings to you, at least, if you have time then." "Most evenings I do, although part of my duties include checking on the night-watchmen; not every night, however. And once a week I spend an evening with Beleg the smith. I spent the best part of a year learning smithcraft from him, just the rudiments but enough to be able to shoe a horse or mend a sword at need. He's old now, but a good man, and I like to visit with his family," said Faramir. Mithrandir saw a flush of red on Faramir's cheek, and guessed, "And he has a pretty daughter or granddaughter, does he not?" "You have found me out," said Faramir, ducking his head but smiling. "Yes, he does. But I would not take advantage of Níniel, you know. I simply enjoy being with them, where I can forget some of my responsibilities just for a while." "As we all must, from time to time; as long as we return to them willingly." Mithrandir sipped his wine. "I still spend a few hours with Master Golasgil each week as well. There is always more to learn of Gondor's past. But that I do in the mornings," said Faramir, and stretched out his legs. "Along with sword-practice. You can guess which I prefer, I imagine, but it is all necessary." "In these times, it is indeed," Mithrandir said. They sat for a time in comfortable silence, waiting for the Steward to appear. Mithrandir was nearly ready to give the man up for the night, and hope to see him in the early morning, when the heavy door swung open and Denethor stepped into the room. His hair was still dark, his face had few lines, but for all that he had the bearing of a man older than his years, weighed by some burden not visible to the eye. Perhaps it is only the cares of his Stewardship. Perhaps. Mithrandir rose and greeted Denethor with a phrase of formal respect. "Yes, Mithrandir, I heard you had come. Thank you, Faramir, I will not need you further tonight," Denethor dismissed his son. "What is it you want of me now, wizard? For you are ever readier to seek aid than give it." Mithrandir held onto his patience. "Merely to look through your records again, Lord Denethor, as I have done before." "Indeed." Denethor fixed him with a cold eye. "Your colleague Curunir has spent much time in my libraries as well. What can be the attraction of Gondor's history to such as yourselves?" "Would you have us look to Rohan for ancient lore?" Mithrandir's voice was light. "To the lost north-kingdoms? Gondor, my lord, is the sole repository for such things; the Elves have their own histories, but they reck little of your people." "True. Well, I suppose if you must, you must. Let it not be said that Denethor of the line of Mardil hindered any who wished to learn more of this land. But confine yourself to that, to the archive and these halls. I do not want to hear that you have been spreading miscontent or doubts among my people," said Denethor. "I would never deliberately do so," Mithrandir said quietly, "but if you wish, I will keep to the Citadel while I am here." "That would be my wish," said Denethor. "I am told that my son has ordered quarters to be readied for you. They are yours as long as you stay, and you shall dine in my hall." He rose. "The hour is late, and I have much yet to do this night." Recognizing his dismissal, Mithrandir thanked the Steward for his hospitality, and made his way downstairs towards the Great Hall, where he was sure he could find someone to ask where he was to be lodged. Faramir met him at the foot of the stairs. "Well?" "I have permission to use the records," said Mithrandir, "but I am to limit myself to the boundaries of the Citadel while I remain in the city." "That is without doubt the most ri-," Faramir cut himself short. "Father always has reasons for what he does, but I cannot imagine what he is thinking this time. Perhaps he will be in a more gracious mood tomorrow." "It is to be hoped, but it does not really matter. I will be able to carry out my task here. Now, Faramir, if you would be so good as to show me where I am to sleep, I would be very thankful." "You are to have one of the apartments on the wall, overlooking the rest of the city. There is even a balcony with a chair where you can sit and smoke to your heart's content," said Faramir. "Ah, you know my habits all too well," said the wizard. "Would you care to join me?" "Not tonight, I'm afraid. It is one of my nights to inspect. Perhaps tomorrow?" "Well enough," said Mithrandir. "Is Master Ulbar still the archivist, by the way?" "He certainly is. I do not think he will ever give it up; he will wither away in there until they carry him out like a dried-up beetle," said Faramir. "He will be as delighted to see you as I am." Shyly, he embraced Mithrandir. "Until tomorrow." Mithrandir looked after him as he strode away, then made his way out to the promised balcony. He sat down heavily in the chair and tamped weed into his pipe, sending a thin stream of smoke gusting from his lips, in no mood to play at smoke-rings as he so often had done. There may be more to be done here in Minas Tirith than I had thought.