ear and then giggled. "Tulip says 'of course' she does. And she's very happy you've brought along a picnic for us!" Pippin leaned forward and eagerly lifted the tea towel that covered the basket. "Yes, your mother both packed it full of goodies for us. Wasn't that thoughtful of her?" Frodo watched with amusement as Pippin rifled through the contents, plucking out an apple tart and popping it into his mouth with one hand, while plunging the other back inside for more. Frodo swatted his hand away. "Those are for afters." "Yes, Pip, keep your grubby little paws out of our food. You haven't even washed your hands yet," Merry pretended to be stern, and Pippin stuck his tongue out. "You sound like Mum." He thought for a moment before adding, "and Tulip." "Merry's right." Frodo caught Pippin's waving hands up in his own. "Look at how dirty they are. Come, let's all go have a wash before we eat." "You'll not get any argument from me." Merry rose and tugged Pippin along. "It's been two hours since first breakfast." After washing their hands at the riverbank, the threesome sat back to enjoy their picnic luncheon. Frodo spread the cloth on the grass and laid out the food, which amounted to a veritable feast. In addition to the apple tarts, there were cherry and strawberry-rhubarb ones. Thick sandwiches of leftover chicken from supper the night before were added to the makeshift tablecloth, along with wedges of cheese, slices of ham, and a container filled with sweet tea, plus some carrot sticks and a few apples to 'fill up the corners.' It looked like Eglantine had thought of everything. The trio enjoyed their food and one another's company for the next hour, gazing out at the slowly moving river and watching a small family of ducklings swimming after their mother near the riverbank. Tulip rested on the grass, occasionally reminding Pippin to share his sweets with her. "That was wonderful," Pippin sighed finally, slumping against Frodo's side and releasing a loud belch. "Excuse you!" Frodo chuckled and nudged the youngster in the ribs. "Where are your manners?" "I think he left them back at the barn," Merry said, stretching out on the grass to relax. "Let's have a short nap before we go fishing." "Good idea," Pippin murmured, already nodding off. Frodo watched them with a fond smile and then settled in to do the same. "I did promise to bring back some fish for dinner, though." "We'll help you," Merry assured him and soon he was snoring. A few hours later they headed back, each of them carrying a string of catfish. Merry began humming a limerick under his breath and Frodo raised an eyebrow when he recognised it. "There once was a hobbit from Bree, whose mem…what?" Merry looked up innocently at the sharp poke in the ribs. "I believe our cousin is a little young to hear that one just yet," Frodo nodded at Pippin. "What? No I'm not! Merry, tell me the rest! Everyone always says I'm too young!" "Umm, never mind." Merry choked back his laughter at Pippin's indignation. "Frodo's right. You are too young." Pippin sighed in disgust and bent to retrieve a stone to fling. "Tulip says you did that on purpose, Merry." "Who, me?" Merry was grinning ear to ear. "I think he did too, Pip," Frodo leaned down and spoke in a loud whisper. "Hmph. That was nothing. How about this one? There once was a…oww!" Merry batted at Frodo after his older cousin's light cuff to the back of his head. Pippin giggled. "I guess you're too young too!" "I am not." "Yes you are," Frodo nodded. "Particularly when you keep doing it after being told to stop." Merry rolled his eyes. "Hurry up. We need to get these fish home." He sprinted off ahead of them, waving at them to follow. "I think Merry's upset with you for hushing him up," Pippin said. "He'll get over it," Frodo said with a shrug of his shoulder. "Cousin Bilbo!" Pippin brightened when he spied the old hobbit standing outside the pony stable drawing on his pipe, and sprinted towards him. "Ah, m'lad, how are you? My, how you've grown since our last visit." Bilbo gathered the youth in his arms and squeezed as Pippin immediately started to babble about their morning. "Yes, yes indeed, it sounds like you all had a marvelous time." Bilbo pointed over Pippin's shoulder. "Now, you'd best get those fish inside, eh?" Pippin nodded vigourously. "Come on Pip, we'll do it together," Frodo smiled down at the curly, disheveled head of curls. "Because we have another surprise to tell you about, don't we Merry?" "Another surprise? What? What is it?" Pippin jumped up and down causing his string of fish to swing back and forth. Frodo nodded at Merry to tell him. "You're coming with us tomorrow to spend a week at Bag End!" "What? I am?" "Everyone is coming, Pip," Frodo said. "To attend the Faire. Your parents and sisters--" "Tulip too!" "Of course, Tulip too." Frodo smiled. "Umm, couldn't we just leave Vinca here? She's always teasing me." "No, Pip, we can't leave your sister behind," Frodo told him as he opened the door. "Not just this once?" "Not even just this once." Frodo nudged the youngster through the door after Merry, with Pippin still chattering up a storm. "Can I take Lily?" "I don't know, Pip," Frodo took Pippin's string of fish from him as they entered the big kitchen. "How about Dizzy?" "Probably not." Frodo handed the strings of fish to Eglantine. "Can Tulip bring her new apron?" "Huh?" Merry looked at his aunt for an explanation. "His knitted piggy has an apron now?" "Why not? She has a scarf," Pippin giggled, "and a bonnet." "Ah, it's a long story, lad." Eglantine patted her nephew's back. "Pippin will tell you all about it on the way to Hobbiton tomorrow." "I can't wait," Merry mumbled.