also to get a better look at her. Farielle is limp, her eyes shut, though she hasn't fainted. Black hair tangles about a very white face - she is slender, young, probably pretty, though it's hard to tell in these circumstances. And dressed in a plain white smock, a little the worse for the wear. Miki'al takes a big breath, and wordlessly he kneels beside the young woman, and reaches down to pull the gag down off her mouth. "So, wake up...wake up pretty..." he finally says in the common tongue, slapping her cheeks gently. Then he reaches into her mouth to pull out the cloth. The girl shudders and gasps, working her mouth - so dry from all that cloth. Her eyes open, staring at the face above hers; they are dark with fright and revulsion. "Who..?" she whispers, hardly even a croak comes out. "Wh-what do .." She tries to swallow. "What do you want? My - my father will.." "Your father will mourn your loss for many ages, likely," the man says in a cheery voice. "Or else just get busy making a new daughter. Does he already have replacement daughters waiting in the wings?" he asks, smiling. His teeth are bright against his skin. Farielle stares at him. "..pay you," she finishes, at last, faintly. But it hardly seems this man, who speaks so callously of replacement daughters, will want money, and she closes her eyes again, and clenches her teeth against tears. "/Pay me./" Miki'al says in a surprised, asking tone. "Would he now. And what might you be worth? Does he even have money, after eking his living out in the cold climes and rocky soil of your land?" He chuckles softly, staring at Farielle's face without shame or embarrassment, as if memorizing hers. "Who is your father then, sweet?" The girl's eyes pop open, a spurt of very welcome anger helping to keep her terror at bay. "Of course we have money," she says indignantly. "And it's better than being hot and dirty all the time! Let - let me go. I promise, you will be well paid." Miki'al moves toward the young woman's bonds, and fiddles with them. But rather than untie them, he gives them a sharp jerk, to ensure their tightness. Then, still smiling, he gives her face another couple of soft, condescending pats. "What's your name, girl? And how old are you?" He rises now, walking to the fire. A gasp of pain. "Farielle," the girl says, her anger dying, leaving her voice dull. "Gir-Girithlin." She doesn't answer his other question, but turns her head to stare into the darkness away from the fire with wide, unseeing eyes. "You did not answer my second question..." he says in an even, measured tone. "And what is your father's name? And how much would he pay me NOT," he reaches down to pick up one of the burning sticks from the fire, and turns to look at her, "to brand you as a slave?" There is no response as he begins to speak, but at his last words, Farielle turns her head to look at him, her eyes fixing on the burning stick in horror. "Nineteen," she says faintly. "Wh-whatever you wish." Desperately, she tries to keep her voice from shaking; and succeeds. Mostly. "My father is Caronn. Girithlin." His approach stops as she answers at first, then he hmms softly. "A bit old," he says to himself. Then he continues, flopping himself down on the ground next to Farielle somewhat casually, his arm resting over her hips like she was a bolstering pillow. "I see." He regards the stick, yellow-hot coals breathing excitedly on the tip. He turns it in his hand to view it on other sides. Then he turns his head, looking at her, with a languid smile. Almost conversationally he says, "And what /other/ important relatives are you descended from...other than your father, the great Caronn Girithlin?" He holds the stick closer, where she can see it plainly. "Important relatives," she repeats, sounding puzzled. It is the height of strangeness to by lying here in the dark, tied hand and foot, discussing genealogy with a Haradrim. "My mother was a Draudagnir," she offers, hesitantly, darting a glance at his face to see if this is what he wants. The brand moves closer and her eyes return to it, drawn as if by a magnet. Having no idea of the important persons of the lineages of the northmen, Miki'al's expression is somewhat blank. "Draudagnir? Hmm. Tell me. Are the Draudagnirs more befitting in the clothing a slave? Or a princess?" The hot coal, now cooled to a warm orange, is brought even closer to the face, and Miki'al holds the woman down to keep her from thrashing, if she tries. Farielle's breathing is shallow and fast, and her skin is clammy; she swallows hard, trying to press her head back into the sand, turning it sideways as far from the coal as she can; and shutting her eyes once more. "I am not a slave!" she says, hardly able to get the words past muscles so tight they surely must break. Clothing - she snatches at this thought, insane as it is. "I have - better dresses. At home. This - is for healing." The stick stays there for just a moment, the warmth felt on the sensitive skin of her cheek, before he smiles and tosses it back to the fire. "Perhaps I should take you to the Lady then." He rises, looking down at his catch, then looking around for Takar, who still has not rejoined him. He checks her hands to make sure they are not too blue, not too cold, then he lifts her up again, carrying her deeper into the Haradrim encampment. Author Note: Several people were involved in the writing of this story at Elendor Mush. Each character is written in present tense by a different person. Hence the difference in style.