the dark haired man came around the boulder, causing both girls to scream. "Sounds like Strider found them." Called one of the Hobbit voices. Aragorn, the son of Arathorn, called by some Strider, followed the prints in the grass until he rounded a large boulder and was shock at what he saw. As he and Legolas, son of Thranduil, predicted, it was an Elf and a Hobbit behind the massive stone. What surprised him was that they were both girls. He had thought that the Elf might have been, but it was hard to tell. However, to see a Hobbit, much less a female, so far from the Shire was a startling sight indeed. "Do not worry, we will not harm you." He said gently in the Common Tongue for the benefit of the Hobbit. Legolas peeked over Aragorn shoulder and nearly gasped. Crouched down behind a Hobbit girl was one of the most beautiful Elf-maidens he had ever seen. Her long honey colored hair was braided out of her fair face and hung down to her hips. Huge, pale blue eyes the color of a clear winter sky stared up at him and Aragorn. What is she doing here? He thought. He came forward and helped her up. She hesitated and looked up at him. " I will not hurt you, fear not." He said in Elvish. Her brow furrowed in confusion, then cleared as she gingerly place her hand in his. Aragorn helped the young Hobbit girl up and the two men led the girls to where the rest of the Fellowship was waiting. As soon as Katie and Lily saw them all standing there grouped together, they knew who they were: the Fellowship of the Ring. Aragorn introduced them to everyone and Katie and Lily shyly gave their names. Hmm, strange name for an Elf, Legolas thought. Immediately the four Hobbits surrounded Katie, asking questions as they continued on their way. Or rather, the ones called Merry and Pippin asked lots of questions with Samwise interjecting a comment every once in a while and Frodo saying nothing at all. Where was she from? What was her surname? Did she live near the Bywater or Buckland? They came in a steady stream until Katie raised her hands and cried out for quiet. "I've never been to the Shire," She said simply. "and it would do any good to tell where I'm from because you've probably never heard of it." "Well at least tell us your surname," said Pippin. "You might related to one of us." "I highly doubt that." Katie replied before racking her brains for the Hobbit surname that a website had told her that her last name translated as. "Uh, I'm from the Grubb family." She murmured. She hadn't been thrilled when she found out what her Hobbit surname was, but it was what it was. "Mr. Frodo has some Grubbs in his family, don't you Mr. Frodo." Sam said eagerly. "I doubt that it's the same line." Katie quickly said as a faint blush colored Frodo's face. Meanwhile, Legolas was trying to get Lily to open up and talk to him unsuccessfully. She just walked with her head bowed. Legolas was sure that she was listening, but for some reason she would not respond. He could tell that something was bothering her. Suddenly, they heard a call. "Lily?" "Katie?" Lily suddenly jerked her head up. "I'm coming!" she jumped up and started to run but nearly fell when she seemed to lose her footing. Legolas ran to her, and found her gasping in pain. " What is wrong, Lily? " he asked, concerned. However, the girl just shook her head and limped off in search of the Hobbit girl. Lily soon found Katie surrounded by the four Hobbit boys. Lily waited for her to extricate herself. They tried to walk with their arms linked like they used too, but their height difference was too great now, so they had to opt for holding hands. " Sis ," Lily began switching from English to Gaelic, the tongue of their Irish ancestors, " That blond guy Legolas freaking me out. He keeps talking to me and asking questions in Elvish. " " Well, you do look Elvish. He probably thinks you understand him." Katie answered. " That's just it! I do! It's scaring me!" Katie stared up at her little sister and thought for a moment. " Well,-if you have really been turned into an Elf, I guess knowing Elvish is part of the package. Besides, I thought you wanted to learn Elvish." "I did, but not like this!" The two were silent for a long time, untill camp was set up that night. They spoke as little as possible during dinner. When everyone was settling down to sleep, Frodo offered Katie one of his Hobbit sized blankets, which she smiled at and shyly accepted. Legolas immediately gave Lily his cloak when she lay down. She looked at him suspiciously before reluctantly allowing him to drape the cloak over her. As this was taking place, Aragron and Gandalf were having a whispered conversation about the strange pair. "What is an Elf-maid and a Hobbit girl doing way out here, with no guide, maps, gear, or anything else for a journey?" asked Aragorn. "I would say that perhaps they live nearby, but they came along with us, so I doubt that that is the case." Replied Gandalf. "There is something greater than ourselves at work here." The two turned to the Elf and Hobbit asleep side by side. "They share a bond that is strong," Murmured Aragorn. "like that of kin." "Perhaps they are as kindred to each other." Said Gandalf with a small smile. As I'm sure ya'll can tell I've paired Legolas and Lily, though she going to make him work her affections. However, I'm debating on who to pair Katie with, Frodo or Pippin. If you have an opinion, email it to kswinn3431 students. .