croaked, nervously shifting from foot to foot. "Aye! Glad to see you remembered something for a change!" Paladin reached into his pocket and pulled out the small knife he kept handy and offered it to his son. Pippin stared at it without moving and gulped audibly, then shot a pleading look at his mother. She shook her head and his heart sank all the way to his feet. "I'm afraid you've earned this dear. Do as your father says." Eglantine's voice was firm. "But! But I don't--" " No Peregrin! I'll not be listening to any arguments nor will I stand for any temper tantrums this time! You will march yourself down to the willow tree and cut me a switch. I want it this long," Paladin indicated a space of about two feet between his hands, "And as big around as this finger," he leaned forward and tapped Pippin's index finger. Pippin lowered his eyes in shame and immediately felt his chin lifted. The action was not harsh but Paladin's expression was firm. "If you do not get a proper one I will send you back until you do. And that won't sit well with me because I'll know you're only trying to delay your punishment. So if you don't want to be earning extra licks young hobbit, you'll do it right the first time." He released his son's chin and reached for his hand. Placing the little pocketknife in it he closed the reluctant fingers around it. "Understood?" Pippin nodded mutely turning away, the tears already spilling onto his cheeks. It looked like there was going to be no escaping it this time. He shivered, recalling the last time he'd got a switching for his foolishness. His parents always reserved it for the very worst behavior but still Pippin had not felt one on his backside in quite a long time. He was dreading every step as he made his way out the door and headed down to the brook. Coming up over the small hill he headed downward and halted dead in his tracks. Oh no! There were several of the farm hands as well as two of his sisters hanging about. Pippin groaned aloud. Oh, how humiliating. I canna let them see! What will I do? Pippin glanced around quickly. There was no way he could get to the tree without being seen. He couldn't go back without the switch or Da was sure to drag him back down here by the ear and maybe even whip him in front of everyone. Pippin pondered his fate. Maybe Da will understand? Right. He rolled his eyes skyward and took a deep breath. I just may as well get it over with then . He inched up to the tree trying hard to go unnoticed. Someone immediately called his name. "Pippin! Pip, come here!" It was his sister, Pervinca. She and Pimpernel were seated at the edge of the little brook dangling their feet in the cool water. Pippin wondered if he could just ignore her. He took the knife from his pocket, fingering its cool handle. He tried to appear nonchalant as he studied the hardwood branches that grew at the foot of the tree, attempting to locate one that would meet with his father's approval and yet spare him a bit of pain. He soon came to the conclusion that it couldn't be done. Grimacing, he pictured his bare bottom meeting up with the horrid thing and couldn't help flinching in anticipation. Cursing aloud, he decided to just cut one and hope it was all right and then run like the wind to get away from the curious looks of his siblings. As Pippin bent down to carry out his plan he felt something sharp pelt him hard in the backside and jumped, yelping in surprise. He peered at his sisters and saw Pervinca laughing and preparing to chuck more acorns at him. He managed to duck the next round. Straightening up he scowled in her direction. "Whatever are you doing over there, Pip? Come here!" Both girls were beckoning to him now. "Umm, I canna come right now!" Pippin raised his voice only slightly in a vain attempt to avoid the attention of the farm hands enjoying a respite from the day's heat beneath another tree on the opposite side of the water. He turned back to his task. Another acorn flew, popping him hard on the ear this time. Pippin yelped and whirled on his tormentor. "Oww! Vinca, stop it will ya?" Annoyed beyond belief, Pippin rubbed at his ear while wondering if he could slip the switch down the leg of his britches to hide it. He selected a limb and sawed at it angrily trying to hurry before the girls figured out what he was up to. Just as he pulled it free Pippin discovered they had wandered over to see what he was doing. He spun around meeting their wide eyes with his own and took a step back nervously, hiding the switch behind him. It was too late. "Oh, Pip." Pimpernel shook her head sadly and pulled her brother's arm out from behind him. The object of his embarrassment dangled from his hand. "Whatever did you do now? Da's going to whip you?" "I'd say that much is fairly obvious," Pippin retorted dryly. "Well, what happened? Tell us!" Pervinca demanded. Pippin glanced uneasily up the little hill. "I canna talk about it now. I have to get back or Da will be comin' for me. I've already taken too long!" "Of course. Go! Before you get into even more trouble," Pimpernel urged her little brother as she patted him gently on the back. "I dinna think that's even possible," Pippin admitted sadly. "Well, might as well be getting it over with Pip." "That's easy for you to say, Vinca." Pippin scowled at his sister and then wasted no more time in heading back up the hill. Continued in Chapter Two