dangerous, going down to the water like that." "Yes Pip, you know you're not allowed by the water alone!" Pearl took his arm firmly in her hand. "What were you thinking?" Pimpernel scolded. "But I got jam on my favouritest scarf that Auntie Esme made for me! I had to wash it," he declared. Pearl sighed and pointed him towards the smial. "Yes, well I see you didn't get any water on yourself though. Come, you're covered from head to foot with your stolen jam and Mum will have a fit when she finds out what you did. Let's get you cleaned up in a hurry." Pippin trotted obediently along beside his sister, the scarf dripping wet and dragging on the ground. "Here, let me have that." Nell bent to retrieve it. "I'll give it a good wash and hang it out to dry." "All right, thanks Nellie! Oww, what are you doing Pearl?" "Pippin, just how did you get jam inside your ears?" Pearl was inspecting him as they walked. "I don't know!" Pearl picked up her pace. "Come, we'll put this soap to good use. You're going to have a bath." "A BATH? Pearl, it's the middle of the day! I don't want a bath!" Pippin's voice faded as Pearl hauled him inside and shut the door. "Oh, thank goodness he wasn't hurt," Pimpernel breathed. "Aye, that's our Pip. He leads a charmed life, that one," Pervinca agreed. The ground looked much further away than he had anticipated and Pippin hesitated for a moment. Still, he was certain he could do it. After all, he'd overheard the big lads discussing how easy it was so surely he'd be able to do it too. The hobbit paused again before taking the thick rope in his small hands. He tested its strength by pulling on it. All set then. He held his breath as tightly as the rope and swung out of the old oak tree by the barn, letting go and landing in the soft mound of hay. Well, now, that wasn't so bad. He grinned, proud of himself, and climbed back up the tree determined to try it from a higher branch like the older lads. With each subsequent leap and successful tumble into the hay Pippin grew more confident and daring. He now climbed up to the very highest branch he could reach and stood teetering upon it. The ground was very far away now. For the briefest of moments fear gripped his heart but he shook it away. He knew he could jump from here without getting hurt. He did not realize that with each jump the hay mound grew less cushioning and he didn't notice the sharp tines of the pitchfork that had been carelessly discarded. Pippin held his breath again and this time he closed his eyes preparing to soar. He leapt into nothingness and felt himself suddenly drawn backwards, the sharp bark of the tree digging into his throat and the scarf choking him, its threads tangled in the tree's branch preventing his fall. "What?" He struggled to get out of the tree's grasp and it only seemed to pull his scarf tighter around his neck. He could not free himself no matter how valiantly he struggled, finally forced to call for help. His help appeared in the form of his father whose face paled ashen when he saw what his young son had been about. "Oh mercy!" Eglantine was right behind him. Pippin didn't understand what all the fuss was about until after he'd been removed from the tree and hugged to pieces by his frightened family. The scarf's threads were untangled a bit and needed cutting in places in order to free him, but it had quite strangely saved him from a very unhappy ending. Paladin examined it in awe for several long minutes. "It shouldn't have held his weight, Eglantine! I just don't understand it!" "Dearest, let us not question a miracle too closely. Just be thankful he's safe." "His scarf saved his life? The very same scarf?" Boromir shook his head in wonder. Merry nodded vigorously. "It did." He glanced at his cousin. "And now you know why he feels so strongly about it." Boromir reached over and fingered the delicate fringe as Pippin retrieved it from the stone next to the fire. "Why, it appears to be in very good shape for all that you have put it through." Pippin grinned. "I take care of it. And it takes care of me." He placed it around his neck and patted it lovingly. "Merry told you - my very favouritest auntie made it just for me." Gandalf leaned over and patted Pippin's arm. "Your scarf has been charmed, my lad. That is why it looks after you." Pippin's head shot up in surprise at the wizard's words and he stared at him. "What Gandalf? What are you talking about?" The wizard had the attention of all now. He chuckled. "Ah, yes. Well." He leaned back and retrieved his pipe from beside him and casually began to fill it while he talked. "I could tell, Peregrin, from the very first time I met you as a very young lad that you would have need of such a thing." Gandalf raised the pipe and lit it before speaking again. "When your aunt gave you the scarf and you became so obviously attached to it I recall thinking what better object to cast a spell upon than a gift made with such love and care. I placed a charm for your continued well-being upon it then and there. And it has certainly come in very handy on countless occasions since that time, has it not?" Pippin patted the little scarf. "You charmed my scarf Gandalf?" "Yes, lad. I did. I can think of no other person who could have benefited so much from such a spell as you, my dear fool of a Took!" "Um, thank you Gandalf," Pippin said. I think.