to say when she abruptly doubled over, clutching her belly. "Oh!" "What's wrong?" Pippin dropped the hammer and rushed to his wife's side, catching her as she wavered dizzily and easing her to the floor. Diamond wailed, "My baby cannot be born in a cellar! Do something Pippin!" Pippin looked about wildly then pounded on the door with both fists, yelling at the top of his lungs. As Diamond's groans became louder, Pippin grew more frantic looking for a way out. As a last resort, he kicked the door. The only result was a wail that rivaled his wife's cries and the realisation he had most likely broken a toe. Despite his efforts, the door would not budge. "Pippin! Ahh!" Pippin started to roll up his sleeves, glancing about the dim space. Spying several bags of flour lined up next to the door of the larder, he limped in that direction. Feeling around in his pocket for his knife he drew it out and severed the string holding one of the sacks closed. He quickly inspected it, deciding it would have to do. "Now if only I could get my hands on a kettle of hot water, but I suppose that will have to wait," he mumbled under his breath. "What are you doing? And what are you muttering about?" Diamond demanded before she doubled over again. The pains were obviously coming harder and faster and Pippin thought he'd never seen her more frightened. "Preparing to deliver my baby." Pippin sounded like he meant business, and in spite of her pain, Diamond was taken aback. She stared at the firm set of his jaw. Despite all their good-natured jesting, she knew he only had her best interest at heart. But – her husband attending the birth of their child instead of the midwife? She opened her mouth to protest but another wave of pain overwhelmed her and she whimpered. Pippin forced himself to remain calm. "Everything will be all right, my love. I'm going to take care of you." Pippin sank onto one knee and touched her shoulder tenderly. "But this isn't the way it's supposed to happen! Get me out of here! Please, Pippin!" Her objections ended on a long sob. Pippin winced. Could he do this? He really had little choice unless someone noticed they'd gone missing, and soon. "Shh, my love. I've helped with plenty of birthing on the farm. This certainly can't be much different-" "What? Peregrin Took! I am not giving birth to a, a, a. . .a calf! Or, or. . .or a goat! Or. . .even a wee lamb!" Diamond paused to pant heavily. " When she caught her breath again she continued her rant, "This is a child! Our child! And, and I, I. . ." Her objections were interrupted by another labour pain and she twisted Pippin's arm until both howled. *** "What on earth was that?" Sapphire nearly dropped her tray load of teacups as she abruptly halted beside the kitchen door. Eglantine bumped into her back, saucers and plates crashing to the ground. Shards of glass sprayed in every direction, but both were oblivious as they strained their ears. The sound came again, a muffled cry. Eglantine grasped her friend's arm, eyes wide. "Why, it sounded like-" "What's the matter, Mum?" Sancho was close behind with more of the dirty dishes. Sapphire plopped her tray on a table and dashed to the cellar door. She tugged frantically on the handle but nothing happened. Sancho intervened, grasping the latch and jiggling it with a long practiced hand. "You know it always sticks. Has for years." He yanked the door open. Squinting into the dim light they gaped at the sight. Diamond Took had her newborn infant gathered in her shawl, cradled to her breast, while Pippin tended to her quietly. Sancho overcame his surprise swiftly and grinned openly at his friend. "Heavens, you just had to be the centre of attention, even on my wedding day, Pip? I see you found the strawberry jam, though." "Oh! Oh, mercy!" Eglantine elbowed Sancho out of the way and dashed in. "Oh, hush, Sancho," Sapphire admonished, hurrying down the steps to assist Eglantine with Diamond. "Whatever happened, my dear? Are you all right?" Diamond smiled up into her husband's face. Pippin's eyes twinkled with pride and relief. "I'm fine. Thank goodness Pippin was with me. I don't think I could have done this without him at my side." *** "What are you giggling about, my dear?" Eglantine gave a start. "Why, I thought you were sound asleep, Pad." Her husband smiled and gave a slight shake of his head. "Almost, but not quite." He rose and stood at her side, gazing down into the newborn's face with a look that seemed to Eglantine to be one of awe. "I can't take my eyes off him." Eglantine nodded and planted a gentle kiss on the tiny forehead. The infant stirred. "I'd better get young Faramir Took back to his mother. He'll be getting hungry again soon." Paladin took his grandchild from her, cradling him close. "Who'd have thought, Tina? Our lad, all grown up with a lad of his own. I'm glad I've lived long enough to see this day." "I need to get used to that odd name. I never dreamed they would name him that." "It's different, all right. This child's namesake must be an extraordinary man indeed, for our son to make such a break with tradition." Paladin smiled, using his thumb to stroke one soft cheek. A tiny fist shot into the air and waved about. Faramir opened his mouth and let loose a hearty wail. Paladin chuckled and winked at his wife. "He wants to be fed. I can absolutely see his likeness to our Pippin!" Eglantine laughed until she needed to dab at her eyes with one corner of her apron. It felt good. The day had been outlandish; it's ending, a new beginning. Published 25 January, 2010