It really was quite humiliating, she confessed. I was so upset with the two of them. Especially Sancho. Yes, that Sancho is quite the terror, isn't he? Oh, yes! He gets my lad into dreadful fixes sometimes. I know. And my dear, I heard he called you fa- Don't say it! Tulip interrupted with a moan. "T'was very unkind of him. Pansy flapped her wing sympathetically in Tulip's direction. Tulip sniffed a tear away. Yes. It still bothers me. Of course it does, dear. Now, back to the matter we were discussing. The egg won't hatch because there is no chick inside. Tulip looked alarmed. What? How do you know? My dear, I am an expert in the subject of eggs and hatching, and many other things as well, I might add. But no matter. Our concern is Pippin and how he will take this when he finds out. Tulip began to worry. A tear wiggled its way from her embroidered eye and landed on the straw in her nest. But I thought you didn't like Pippin? Here now, none of that, that, that - bawling. I shan't have it in my barn. Pansy scratched the straw over her brood to keep it warm and waddled away from her nest to join Tulip. I'm sorry. But I can't bear to see Pippin so disappointed when my egg doesn't hatch. Well. . .perhaps we might come up with a plan, of sorts. By the way, I never said I didn't like the lad. I said he was an indulged, mischievous, naughty, manipulative, scheming, wicked little. . . That's enough, Pansy! Or I'll, I'll. . .I'll thump you on your bill with my hoof! The big goose laughed. Oh my, you are such a little rogue! I like that! Now, about the plan— What kind of a plan? Tulip eyed the goose in suspicion. Now, don't you worry your little pink head, dearie. Pansy patted the piglet on her snout with her wing. Once more, I am an authority in figuring out how to, shall I say, find the path of least resistance. A goose and knitted piglet huddled together whispering in the dusk. A warm breeze filtered its way through the barn's open door while merry laughter drifted from the corner as the new friends and conspirators planned. *** Twenty-one days is a long time if you're waiting for something wonderful to happen, especially if you are a small hobbit lad and a skeptical, older cousin. Pippin and Merry were still abed in the early morning hours when Paladin cracked open the door to his son's room and crept in. He was about to switch the egg beneath Tulip for the fertile one he carried when he pulled his hand back and let out a cry of surprise as something brushed against his hand and cheeped. Pippin awoke immediately and catapulted himself from the bed. Merry sat up and rubbed his eyes. "What's going on?" Paladin was already kneeling next to Tulip's basket. With a wide grin he lifted the tiny duckling to eye level. "My chicken! Da, Tulip hatched a chick!" Pippin danced around the room. Paladin rocked back on his heels and chuckled. "Well, my lad, I don't think you can call this a chicken, but 'tis a mighty fine looking wee duckling!" "What? How?" Merry was sliding from the bed to join them. "I don't know how, lad, but here it is," Paladin said, still cradling the duckling. Pippin held out his hands to take the fluffy creature, grinning from ear to ear. "I don't care if it's a chicken or a duck. Tulip is a mum!" "Yes, how about that?" Paladin ruffled his son's curls before getting to his feet. He eyed the basket thoughtfully as he carefully pocketed the egg in his hand. At that moment Eglantine leaned into the room. Smiling, she said, "Lads! Pansy's eggs are hatching! Come see!" Pippin scooped up Tulip and tucked her into the pocket of his nightshirt before clambering after his father and Merry. In the barn, Pansy was found proudly showing off her new family while giving a warning honk that no one except Eglantine could come near. After a suitable amount of time admiring the new babies they began filing out of the barn to the farmhouse, ready to prepare for the day ahead. *Great-Aunt Pringle Took lingered. "Coming, Auntie?" Eglantine called. "In a moment, Tina." She waved them away with a flick of her wrist, and then turned back to Pansy. When they were alone at last Pringle broke into a huge smile. "Good work, my lass! I think you and Tulip make a fine team. Thank you for helping care for my dear Pippin." I give Auntie Pringle a soft honk meaning 'you are quite welcome!' "Yes, I know. It was all in a day's work for you, wasn't it now? You are such a resourceful goose." I humbly protest that it was she who should have the credit, but she will not hear of it. "But it was your plan, and a splendid one at that. I had no idea that Pad was going to go find that chicken egg, but I think one of my new ducklings will make a much better pet for our Pip. Don't you?" I honk my approval and close my eyes. It has been a very long day. I smile to myself as only a goose can as my dear Auntie Pringle continues, "You are quite welcome, my dear. It was my pleasure. Thank you for asking me to join in with yours and Tulip's little scheme." I open one eye and watch as Auntie makes her way to the door. Yes indeed, a long day. And now I must get some sleep because I've a feeling my children will be arriving quite early in the morning and a mother's work is never done. *My story "Great Auntie Pringle Took" is the first tale this OC appeared in.