Frodo looked around, missing the little one for the first time. "I'm going to kill him!" Merry's face was as red as an overripe tomato. "No, I get to kill him first, then you can kill him!" Frodo scowled. "How are we going to get all the way home without being seen?" He studied their surroundings closely trying to come up with an idea. "Perhaps we'll have to wait for nightfall." "Frodo, that's hours away! I have to be home before then or I'll be in trouble," Sam moaned. "Not nearly as much trouble as you're in right now, Sam." Frodo reminded him wryly. "There has to be something we can do! I know, let's get lots of leafy branches--" "Wait! I have an idea!" Merry looked at the little boat and then at the others. He grinned. "We'll hold the boat in front of us as we walk." "Oh, that'll be just fine until someone comes along behind us, Merry." Frodo was not impressed. "Well, do you have any better ideas?" Frodo glanced around again and finally sighed in defeat. "No." "Let's go then." They hoisted the little boat and began to carry it up the path. Three nervous and very naked hobbits kept their eyes wide open for travelers as they made their way carefully toward home. Sam was moaning quietly under his breath while Merry and Frodo muttered about all the creative ways they planned to get back at Pippin for humiliating them. They had walked nearly all the way to Bag End, ducking behind trees when they heard voices, and dodging around bushes when they only thought they heard voices. They swung the boat this way and that, each of them tugging for more cover. As they finally neared the road leading home a familiar mischievous laughter erupted from above. Pippin leaped down gracefully from the tree branch on which he'd been perching as he tracked their progress and landed a few feet ahead of them. "Oh my! Why are you lads carrying the boat all the way up here?" He snickered knowingly. At the same moment quiet giggling floated toward them from the opposite direction. It was unmistakably female. None of them possessed the courage to turn around and see just who was so amused. Each was painfully aware of their bare bottoms on display for all to see. They stopped in mid-flight, unsure of which way to turn. Pippin egged them on. Reaching into his pack he pulled out some of the missing clothing and taunted them. "Did you lads misplace your britches? Because I found a whole pile of clothes," he pointed the way they had come, "just over there!" "Get him!" Merry roared, forgetting his delicate situation in a mad desire for revenge. He dropped his end of the boat causing Sam and Frodo to lose their own grip. It proved to be their undoing. A mighty shriek echoed up the lane as the boat crashed to the ground. Merry stared in absolute mortification at the sight before him. There in the middle of the road stood the object of his affection along with May Gamgee, both lasses with hands pressed to their mouths, eyes gaping at the sight of the three naked hobbits who were momentarily frozen in place. The sound of Pippin's laughter brought them careening back to reality and they added their own shrieks to the din as they ran into the woods. More laughter rang in their ears as they scurried behind some bushes and huddled together. Pippin grinned at May and Peony. "I…guess I'd better go get Bilbo to help these poor naked lads get home." "Did you hear that?" Merry fumed. "I'm going to kill him!" "Not before I do," growled Frodo. Sam whimpered. "Oh, we're never going to live this down!" Laughter rang loud and long through the camp and several of them wiped tears from their eyes. "Pippin! You took their clothes? Shame on you!" Boromir could not contain his merriment. Pippin grinned wickedly at the big man before looking at his fellow hobbits. "But the best part was that I really didn't know the lasses were headed down that way!" Sam winced at the memory. "Aye, you couldn't have planned it any better had you tried." "Oh, but poor Merry! The lass you'd made eyes at! I can only imagine the embarrassment you suffered." Boromir was shaking his head in sympathy. "Hmmph! But we saw to it Pippin got his comeuppance, didn't we?" Merry winked at Frodo and Sam as he nodded at his cousin. "I'm certain I don't know what you're referring to Merry," Pippin sniffed. "Yes, in a way Pippin was doubly embarrassed in the end." Frodo told them with no small sense of satisfaction. "Not only did Bilbo soundly paddle his very deserving backside at last, and in front of us…" "To help make up for the pain and suffering inflicted by our extremely inconsiderate imp of a cousin…" Merry continued. "The next morning we tackled him before Bilbo was up…" Frodo chuckled. "We took his nightshirt and locked him out of Bag End!" Merry grinned in triumph. "The lasses all thought it was very funny, especially May and Peony." "Oh no! Did they see him?" Boromir couldn't believe his ears. "Oh, aye!" Sam said. "They heard all the shouting and banging on the door up at Bag End and came running to see what was happening. Actually, I was already on my way to the garden when I saw a very naked lad being tossed out the bedroom window!" "Not only was Pip caught out naked, like we were, but the lasses got to see what a nice red bottom he'd got for his trouble!" Merry crowed. Boromir regarded the blushing hobbit thoughtfully. "This was supposed to be a story where you came out unscathed? Pip, I can't imagine what it would be like if you were actually the guilty party!" Pippin sniffed. "It's all about perspective Boromir." END