The boys scanned their surroundings warily, apparently afraid they might disturb whatever happened to be lurking in the darkness, before continuing their journey in silence. "Look!" Sancho breathed in sharply, pointing ahead. "What's that?" A dim light was slowly making its way through the trees in their direction, moving within a mist. Elongated shadows shrouded the intruders as they approached. The wind picked up the sound of a low voice, delivering it to their ears with the eerie quality of a moan. The sound of snapping twigs was magnified by either fright or reality, no one was certain. "I think we should go. . . that way!" Sancho cried, grabbing Pippin by the elbow and dragging him in the opposite direction. "Run!" Pippin, only too happy to do as he was told this time, bolted ahead of his cousins, Merry on their heels. Merimas, who managed to trip and plunge face first on the ground. Without warning, the full moon burst from the shadows and they could, at last, see who ran towards them. "Frodo! And Berilac," Merry cried. "Look, it's only Frodo and Berilac!" "We're saved!" Pippin joined in the cry, jumping up and down. "Mercy, thank goodness we've found you at last," Frodo shouted, running towards them. He looked them over. "Is everyone all right?" Merimas climbed to his feet and spat into the dirt. "Never been better," he declared, wiping the dust from his trousers. "About time you two showed up." Frodo frowned. "We had no idea we were looking for four of you." "Yes, we thought Pippin and Sancho were the only two lads foolish enough to come into the Forest, and at night, no less," Berilac added. Sancho placed his hands on his hips and drew himself up. "Who are you calling foolish? You dared us to go into the Forest!" "I did not dare you, you must have misunderstood," Berilac said. "We were simply discussing some of the old legends about the Forest and then up you two came, all full of the idea to show us you weren't afraid. We never thought you'd actually be daft enough to come here." "Let's go, before we all regret it," Frodo said, tugging on Pippin and Sancho's arms. "We can discuss this later, when we're back at the Hall." "Can we have some tea?" Sancho wanted to know. "And ginger biscuits," Pippin added. "And a hot bath," Merimas grumbled, picking the dried leaves from his hair. "How about some ale?" Merry asked, only partially in jest. "Yes, and while we're at it, perhaps we can come up with a good tale suitable to cover up what happened tonight," Frodo said in a cross tone. "In case anyone asks where we've been." "You mean we should lie?" Pippin's eyes widened. Sancho, still in Frodo's firm grip, grinned at his cousin. "Not lie, Pip. Stretch the truth, that's all. Perhaps exaggerate a little. It's something I do quite well, right Frodo?" "I suppose so, you little scoundrel. Anyway, we had best appear as if all is well else we might all be spending the rest of this visit in our rooms!" "You're too old to be sent to your room, Frodo," Pippin chuckled. "It never hurts to be cautious, Pip," Frodo said, stepping up their pace. Even later that evening Two figures approached the High Hay in the quickly fading light. One could be heard grumbling to himself; the other appeared quietly determined. Merimac produced a large key from his pocket and thrust it into the keyhole of the big gate that led into the brick-lined passage. The door to the Brandybuck's private entrance into the Forest swung open with a groan on its seldom-used hinges. Saradoc followed. He kept close, out of habit he supposed, for anyone entering the Old Forest had best keep a keen eye on his whereabouts at all times. He glanced up at his brother's heavy sigh. "What is it?" "I'm having a rather difficult time believing those youngsters came this way. I would have thought it far too spooky a place for children to venture, in spite of any amount of boasting about fearlessness." "It is most definitely not welcoming, to say the least." Saradoc chuckled. "However, I remember we tried the same thing when we were children." Another sigh from Merimas, and a shake of his head. "That little adventure did not come to a good end." Saradoc grunted his agreement. "At least we were stopped before we could get very far." "True." The pair paused after crossing the threshold into the Forest, looking about uneasily. Saradoc held up his lantern, and then pointed at a barely discernible path. Merimac nodded and they started on their way. "We can only hope that path is in the same place when we try to find our way back," Merimac muttered. Saradoc was thinking the same thing. As the little group of travellers left the sparse path and began to climb through the Hedge one by one, the trees of the Old Forest seemed to give a sigh of relief at the end of the intrusion. The thin branch of an oak moved slightly in the breeze as if a ghostly hand reached out to bid them farewell. All around, the creatures that called the Forest home began to move from their hiding places and take up their routine once more. Further up the hill, far back in the woods, the house that would not be found shimmered in the moonlight. Quiet murmuring voices drifted from it, blending into the night, while high above an owl hooted and a nightingale called for its mate. Far ahead, the lights of Brandy Hall beckoned the weary explorers home. Pippin and Sancho grinned conspiratorially at one another, not at all defeated, despite not having located the object of their search. After all, tomorrow was another day, and they knew they would bring along a lantern next time. A/N: The title is a quote from "A Conspiracy Unmasked"