why are you doing this ?" "Because, quite honestly, I do not care!" the blond spat, gesturing angrily and turning away. The fire quickly left his tone, though, and his stress was evident when he raised his hands to his head and began massaging his temples. "I just do not care…" "I highly doubt that," Erestor snorted. "I think it more likely that perhaps you do not want to care, but –" "You are wrong , Erestor!" Glorfindel cut him off, exasperated. This was getting to the point where it no longer mattered to him what they were arguing about – Erestor was becoming quite irritating and Glorfindel wasn't about to concede anything to him if he could help it. "Am I?" Erestor questioned quite calmly, curiously, even. "Really?" "Yes!" The seneschal's voice was venomous. "Hmmm…" Erestor began, resting his chin on his hand in a pantomime of a ponderance. "If you are truly so apathetic about it then why are you getting so angry?" As before, he spoke the words softly – to a casual observer they would have seemed almost a pleasantry – but there was a heavy undercurrent of provocation. Glorfindel glared. Erestor glared back. Sighing in frustration, Glorfindel turned away. "All right, Erestor! Fine! I give up! Is that what you want to hear?" His words were the complete opposite of his tone, however, and Erestor was not deceived. "No, Glorfindel, that is not what I want to hear. What I want to hear is whether or not you still intend to kill yourself and why you wanted to kill youself in the first place," the counselor countered. The seneschal stayed silent, and the room was noiseless for a long while. At last, Erestor sighed, "Fine. I can see that this is going absolutely nowhere …" He trailed off, waiting to see how Glorfindel would react. The blond said nothing, looked blatantly away. This went on for quite some time, and gradually the tension that had been building up inside him all day lessened, and his body became aware of just how late it was. Suddenly, with such an intensity that it was surprising that his jaw remained intact, Glorfindel yawned. Erestor took notice. "It is late," he pointed out. "Sleep would do you good… you ought to go to bed, Glorfindel…" Irritated, the seneschal made his retort. "I will go nowhere ! Do not tell me what to do!" "Stay here then," Erestor shrugged. "It does not matter to me…" He sat down on the floor then, back against the door. "I, however, am feeling rather drowsy and I think that I shall sleep… feel free to wake me if you have anything to say." With that, he rested his head on his knees and drifted away into the dreamworld. Glorfindel opened his mouth and prepared to make an angry reply, but halted when he realized that it would be wasted on someone sleeping. He stood there, glaring and irritated for a very long time, until he realized that it was pointless to glare, because Erestor would not see it. And then he realized – Erestor was asleep. Asleep as in not entirely aware of what was going on around him. Asleep as in Glorfindel could do anything except try to go through that door and there was a great chance that it would not be noticed… Hmmmm... He walked in front of Erestor, peered into his eyes. They were unfocused, and he waved a hand in front of them, trying to provoke a reaction. Nothing. Good... Slowly, carefully, and even more silently than normal, he headed to the slanted ladder that served as access to the roof. He climbed one step, then two, then three. At the top he halted, and reached for the latch… " No! " Erestor was up in an instant, standing at the base of the ladder. "Glorfindel…" "We have already spent too much time discussing this, Erestor. Leave me be!" Erestor, instead of protesting, merely sighed and gave Glorfindel a questioning look. "What?" the seneschal finally asked. The dark-haired Elf's voice was quiet, extremely so, and he sounded genuinely interested when he inquired, "Do you honestly want to do this, Glorfindel?" "Yes." The answer was given without hesitation, but with less enthusiasm than there had previously been. Either Glorfindel was so tired that talking was a chore, or Erestor was making progress. "Why?" "Because there is no other way!" "No other way to what?" "No other way to end this… anguish…" Erestor's brow furrowed. Something is deeply wrong here… He said nothing, however, and Glorfindel sat down on a step and began to explain. "Do you have any idea how depressing, how totally and utterly depressing," he began in an emotion-laden whisper, "it is to give your life for what you think is a final, noble cause? Do you realize how horrible it is to think that your sacrifice, that your ultimate , absolute sacrifice, actually accomplished something, only to find out that it did not matter? Do you have any clue as to how meaningless that can make a person feel?" Erestor, not sure what to say, merely shook his head. " I am meaningless, Erestor! I died for nothing ! I died for nothing and I no longer wish to live…" Not understanding, the advisor asked, "How are you meaningless?" "The world is dark! Again, we are threatened by an evil power so great and terrible that he was not killed the last time we vanquished him! Again, he will attempt to take over everything and kill or enslave us all! I died in a war against a Dark Lord, Erestor, and I was stupid enough to think that perhaps his defeat would mean an end to such things! My death – indeed, the deaths of everyone who fought against him – served no purpose whatsoever, and then I was brought back, for nothing !" "You are wrong, Glorfindel." Erestor answered fervently. "I do not see how…"