regarded Pippin directly now, a huge scowl on his face. "So, young hobbit. Ye wanted to know just what happens to wicked dwarfling brats who disobey their parents and wreak all sort of havoc?" Pippin actually shrank back, not quite sure where Gimli was about to direct all that anger. The dwarf surprised him by chuckling warmly and softening his expression. "This is where my father's great big belt does come into the picture young Pippin. After all was said and done and we knew my friend was going to live, he went for his strap and bade me follow him out back to the little shed where he stored his tools. I can tell ye I was quaking in my boots by then and I just wanted to get it over with. All I could think about was the bad thing I'd done, starting with willfully disobeying my parents, and I knew I was in for a world of hurt." He grimaced at the memory. "My father started in with the longest angry scolding he'd ever bestowed upon me, and of course that just drew out my suffering even longer!" He chuckled. "Which was probably his intention, now that I think about it. On the one hand I wanted to get my punishment over with, but on the other…" The dwarf paused, remembering. "And all the while he was reprimanding me that strap was dangling from his hand. I couldn't take my eyes off it! Well, I knew what was going to happen when he finished talking. At long last, he did. And then he hauled my sorry bare bottom over his knee." Gimli shook his head at the memory. "And that was the flat out worst whipping he ever gave me in the whole of my young life!" He reached over and took Pippin's chin in his hand and gazed steadily into the youth's bright green eyes, his expression serious. "And I never would have dreamed of telling him I wasn't deserving of that punishment. I was responsible for my friend almost dying, even though I had meant no harm. It goes to show you how a seemingly innocent act, one not well thought out, can bring harm to both yourself and another." He released him and sat back against a tree. "Well? What do you think of that?" Pippin had gone a bit pale and hung his head for a moment. Finally he looked up. "I'm sorry we got you hurt Gimli. And I'm sorry I said I didna deserve the tanning you gave me." "I'm sorry too Gimli." Merry put his arm around his cousin's shoulders and squeezed him. "We weren't thinking." "No, you most certainly were not. I trust you did understand the moral of the story then?" Gandalf watched them closely. "Oh, aye! Most definitely so." Pippin's head bobbed up and down. The wizard raised an eyebrow in expectation. "Well?" The cousins looked at each other and then back at the group. "We need to stop and think more clearly before we do anything that might be dangerous," Merry began. "Especially if it might mean someone could get hurt." "And we need to understand that if we get caught--" "Ahem!" Gimli scowled, cutting Pippin off. He eyed the dwarf warily. "I mean, if we do indeed participate in, umm…a harmless prank or two, uh…we have to be willing to accept the consequences of our behavior." "Better. What else?" Gimli prompted. "Umm, we shouldna do dangerous things in the first place." Pippin looked at Merry for help. Merry continued, "Well, when we see something we can't do by ourselves we should ask for help. Then maybe we wouldn't get in trouble." "And?" "Don't ever borrow a wizard's staff," Pippin said solemnly. "And don't ever antagonize a dwarf," added Merry. "Or a wizard," giggled Pippin. "Or for that matter a Ranger or a big Gondorian captain." He stole a mischievous glance at Aragorn and Boromir and was rewarded with their laughter. Pippin grinned at Legolas. "Or an elf either, I suppose." Legolas chuckled. "Or try to reach apples you can't get to." Merry joined in his cousin's enthusiasm. "Especially if they happen to be near a wasp's nest." Gimli sighed. "Are ye not forgetting the most important lesson of all?" They thought hard for a few minutes and looked at one another, bewildered. The dwarf shook his head slowly. "Lads. Think about it." Gimli tapped them each atop their head. "Many people care about ye, yer family and yer friends. Think about their feelings once in awhile! Tis not a kind thing to frighten them half outta their wits! So don't be wasting your time with dangerous activities without stopping to think it over first. What I'm trying to say ye wee foolish brats is we wouldn't want to lose ye!" He looked around at the group who had grown as close as a family over the time and peril they had shared thus far. "We have far too much of our own time and energy invested in keeping ye alive and well already." The halflings appeared humbled as they nodded their understanding. All was quiet and thoughtful around the campfire for quite a few minutes. At last, Pippin stretched mightily and clambered to his feet. "Well now! I think it's time we got some of those apples, eh?" He started to saunter off in the direction of the tree. Looking back over his shoulder he added, "Those wasps have got to be gone by now, don't you think? What with their nest laying on the ground and all." The others stared at one another in amazement and then over at the dwarf. Gimli's face was glowing a maddening shade of red and he shot abruptly to his feet uttering a loud "ARRRGGGHHHH!" as he sprinted after the hobbit. The group winced as one at the high pitched cry as Gimli tackled him bodily. Merry grinned at them. "Pippin never has had a particularly good memory!"