of years he hadn't felt the soft touch of another being on his face and the sensation, the mere experience of something so banal yet lost to him caught him off guard. "Did my touch hurt you?" Thranduil shook his head, while trying to regain his composure, fighting for it. "No." Elrond looked at him with his penetrating storm grey eyes. "Is it sensitive to the touch?" And again he was rendered speechless. "I… I don't know. I haven't touched it…" … in centuries, he finished the sentence in his mind. This consultation was slipping out of his control and he hated that fact. He had to get back in control. "It doesn't matter. It hurts whether I'm awake or asleep and the pain is worsening. I need something against the pain!" His voice was stable again, hard and demanding, back to normal. But the Peredhel remained unimpressed and sighed. "What?" Thranduil's impatience grew by the second. "I'm afraid I can't help you. The wound is too old, to deep and inflicted by dragon fire… Maybe if the wound had been tended to properly at the beginning there would be a chance but I'm afraid it's too late for that. A dragon fire is a strong magic weapon." Thranduil felt the panic rise in his chest. The Peredhel had been his only chance, the best healer in all of Middle Earth. He hadn't thought about not getting any help here in Imladris. He had envisioned himself returning to Mirkwood without pain, had fantasized about it… but now… what about Legolas? "There has to be something you can do!" But Elrond shook his head. "Maybe you sailing to th-" "I'm not going to sail to these damned Undying Lands! My place is here with my people, with my son! I'm not going to take the easy way out!", he practically screamed. And the damned Peredhel's only answer was a sign, followed by a long pause. The he took a deep breath. "I see." He raised his head, meeting Thranduil's ice blue eyes with his storm grey ones. "I'm willing to try something on you, but there is no guaranty that it is going to work." "Do it!", Thranduil answered without thinking it over. He was willing to risk nearly everything. Elrond nodded and rolled the right sleeve of his robe up, while coming over to Thranduil again. The Elvenking watched his every step till the Peredhel stopped right in front of him. The Peredhel raised his right hand to Thranduil's scared cheek and then Thranduil saw it, the golden ring with the blue sapphire… Vilya. He could feel the pulsating power, where the ring was close to his face. When Elrond laid his hand on Thranduil's injured cheek , a pleasant cold radiated from the Peredhel's hand into his burning, throbbing wound, soothing the pain almost immediately and Thranduil con't hold back the sigh of relief that left his mouth, when he felt nearly free of pain for the first time in one century. When he found his way back to reality, Elrond was still standing in his chambers. And again he was smiling. Sometimes Thranduil thought that the Peredhel was smiling too much on his account. "You were lost in memories. Not the evil kind I suppose." Thranduil nodded. "No indeed, not entirely bad memories." "Very well then. I hope I could ease your despair for the time being, mellon nin." "Your visit was quite welcome." This was all the thank the Peredhel would get from the Elvenking and he knew it. For Thranduil was a king scarcely giving his thanks to anyone, so the Peredhel knew that Thranduil was already making concessions. "Farewell for now, vigorous spring." "It is just a name, peredhel." "It might just be a name but it hasn't been bestowed upon you for nothing." The Peredhel smiled but Thranduil chose not to reply. Instead he just watched the Peredhel disappear in front of him. Just don't take wait too long till your next visit, he thought to himself, for he would never admit it aloud, but he always looked forward to talking to the peredhel. With him he could talk about topics he couldn't discuss with the people inside his kingdom. He was their king, their leader and because of that he had to be distant, he had to make decisions free of personal preference but decision that where the best for his people as a whole. He couldn't let them in on his thoughts, his decisions as a king, even though this meant that he would be a lone ruler. Elrond on the other hand didn't belong to his people. With him he could talk about his thoughts and decisions without having to fear for his reputation. As the time progressed the regular meetings to ease the pain in his jaw which went along with polite political talk progressed to more frequent meetings which were not only about the ease of the pain but more about talking and exchanging thoughts not only on politics but on past and present experiences as well. Elrond had been there like him, fighting on the battle plain of Dagorlad, experiencing the same losses and physical and mental scars. With him he could speak about the dark thoughts lurking within him because of what he had experienced. He knew that Elrond wouldn't be shocked or disgusted by his tormented state of mind, because Elrond could relate. Elrond accepted his bad tempers, his passive aggressiveness and cruelties, his vanity and his aloofness. For Elrond knew, that while some elves had overcome most of their traumatic experiences of the Ring War, had had the strength to fully recover from their physical and psychic wounds, had learned to live with what they had experienced, there were others, like Thranduil himself, had never been able to overcome the traumatic events. His soul would be dark and twisted till the end of time. There was no escape for him, only dilution but no deliverance…never.