"Whatever is wrong Pip?" Pearl was the first to rush in at the sound of her little brother's cries. Close behind her was Merry, a concerned look turning to one of surprise when he heard what the problem was. "Where did you last see her?" Merry glanced around the big room, poking behind some of the cushions on the couch and peeking behind it. Pippin was sobbing again as he tried to answer. "She was in bed underneath the quilt in between me and Merry. That's where she likes to sleep all night because it's nice and warm. I got up to go to the privy and when I came back she was gone!" "Pippin," Pearl placed a comforting arm around his shoulders and knelt in front of him. "Are you certain that's where you put her when you went to bed? Or perhaps you thought she was tucked in snuggly but she fell out from under the covers. I know that's happened before. Did you look under your bed?" "Of course I did!" Pippin sounded insulted. "That's the first place I looked because I thought she was playing a game with me, trying to fool me, or maybe she wanted to play hide and seek. But she wasn't there." Pippin began wailing again and Pearl scooped him up in her arms. "He did it! Sancho took Tulip, I know he did!" Pippin pointed as the other boy came around the corner. Sancho stopped, mouth dropping open, eyes widening in apparent surprise. "What? What are you talking about?" "Mercy, we could hear you all the way from the kitchen, Peregrin. What happened?" Eglantine was next to enter the room and looked around in confusion as the two youngsters glared at one another. Pippin struggled to get out of his sister's arms and Pearl set him down. "You took Tulip – give her back right now!" Pippin advanced on the bigger boy, finger poised to poke Sancho in the chest, his face turning red with fury. "Whoa, hold on there a moment, lad," Eglantine caught hold of her son's arm as he stormed past and swung him easily around to face her. "Now, just what is this all about?" "I didn't take your stupid piggy!" "Yes you did! You were threatening her yesterday, and teasing me and calling Tulip names and, and, and--" "Slow down, young hobbit," Eglantine said, giving her son a slight shake, "and catch your breath." She looked from one youngster to the other. "Now, I want to know what happened." Both boys started to babble at once and their voices rose until she was forced to place her hands over both ears. "Stop! Enough." Sapphire pulled her son close and knelt on one knee, looking him in the eye. "Sancho, are you responsible for Pippin's missing toy?" "NO! I already told him I didn't take it!" Sapphire laid a finger across her son's lips. "Shh, now! Do not shout at me, young sir." "He did so take Tulip, I know he did!" Pippin lunged at Sancho and was hauled back smartly. "I did NOT!" "YES YOU DID!" "Peregrin, stop that shouting this instant," Eglantine scolded. "And the same goes for you, young hobbit," Sapphire told her son. "Give Pippin back his toy." "I didn't take it, Mum!" "Well, who else would? You don't like her and you hid her away from me just to be mean!" Pippin struggled in his mother's arms, earning himself a sharp swat to his backside. "Oww! What'd you do that for?" "Oh my, you need to settle down right now, Peregrin Took! This is becoming ridiculous," Eglantine scolded. Sapphire sighed as she brushed the hair from her eyes and pointed at her son. "I said to give Pippin his toy, Sancho." Her voice had grown sharp. "But I didn't take it!" he protested, and stamped his foot for emphasis. Sapphire pointed again, her face stern. "Then you will go to your room and think long and hard about this and you shan't come out until you're ready to tell the truth." Looking like he was about to burst into tears, Sancho tore out of the room leaving his mother, Eglantine, and Esmeralda staring after him in dismay. Pippin continued to wail. "I have to find her, Mum!" He tugged frantically on his mother's apron. "You'll help me, won't you?" "We'll lend a hand too, Pip," Merry reassured his little cousin, glaring in the direction Sancho had gone. "Come on, we'll get the other lads to help us and we'll organize a search party," Merry soothed as he drew him along. "Thank you, m'lad," Esmeralda called after them. "Well, I'm going to start the search in Sancho's room," Sapphire said. "And while I'm there I'm going to have a little talk with him. If he did take Pippin's toy, I'll bring it back to him shortly." She laid a hand on Eglantine's arm. "Tina, Esmie, I'm sorry for all this commotion my son has caused." "It's all right, Sapphy," Eglantine reassured her. "Children will be children, after all. Maybe your lad is telling the truth and he didn't take Tulip." Eglantine turned back to Esmeralda when they were alone. "Och, and I'm afraid my lad won't be any less than beside his wee self until he finds his knitted friend. Do you think Sancho took Tulip, Esmie? Perhaps he wants a stuffed toy of his own? I noticed he was the only one of the children who didn't have one." Esmeralda pondered. "I don't know," she answered slowly. "If he did, surely he'd realise he'd be the first one Pippin would accuse, given the way he's been teasing him about Tulip." "Hmm, well it's a mystery and that's for sure, Esmie. I'd best be joining the search myself, that is if I want to be having any peace of mind a'tall the rest of the day." "Aye, and isn't that the truth? I'll come with you." Esmeralda followed, her brow wrinkled in thought.