head. Eomer stared at him, his eyes widening. "You will take down your breeches and bend over the end of the bed, young man." He finished taking off his belt and doubled it. Eomer did not move. "I am waiting," Theoden said patiently. Eomer blanched and then moved to do as he was bid. With trembling fingers he loosened his breeches and pushed them down, barely exposing his backside. His uncle cleared his throat. "The breeches come all the way down young man." Eomer hurried to obey, not liking the tone his uncle's voice had taken on. He bent gingerly across the foot of the bed and waited in tense silence, his fingers digging into the bedclothes. Theoden took hold of his nephew's shoulder to hold him in place. He raised the belt high before whipping it down across the pale bottom with a loud CRACK! "OWWWWW! Uncle, that hurts!" "That is why it is called a punishment Eomer," Theoden told him calmly without altering the intensity of the licking in the least. He easily caught the hand that was thrown back and held onto it. Eomer continued to sob into the quilt as the whipping continued. Just as he was certain he could bear no more the punishment stopped. Theoden tossed the belt aside and gathered his repentant and weeping nephew into his arms. He sat on the bed and drew Eomer down at his side, allowing him to cry until he could find no more tears. Finally he took his chin in hand and tilted the swollen eyes up to meet his. Eomer tried to look away but his uncle would not allow it. "My boy, do you have any idea why I did that?" Eomer answered hesitantly, his voice trembling. "Because I was bad. I almost got my sister killed!" He began to weep anew. Theoden gathered him closer and hugged him fiercely to his chest. "No, boy. What you did was a very foolish and ill-considered thing. That does not make you bad!" His uncle's words caused him to sob harder. "I'm sorry Uncle!" "Shhh, it is all right. You have paid for your mischief. All is forgiven." Eomer clung to his uncle still unable to control his tears. Theoden rocked him gently. "I was remiss in my failure to punish you for your previous naughtiness. I ask your forgiveness for that. It will not happen again." A small, muffled groan came from his nephew, whose face was still buried in his chest. "It won't?" "Nay, my boy. It will not. Rest assured. You will have my complete and undivided attention and swiftly, for any future wrongdoing you may be considering," Theoden chuckled and pulled back. "Now, pull up your breeches and dry your tears. Your sister will want to be reassured that I have not been too hard on you." Theoden stood and retrieved his belt. He replaced it while watching Eomer as he righted his clothing, and then headed for the door. He paused, his hand on the latch. "I love you my boy," he said without turning. "I love you too Uncle," Eomer murmured shyly. The room remained quiet as Eowyn finished speaking. She pulled her attention back to the present a bit reluctantly and glanced at Faramir. He seemed lost in his own thoughts. Eowyn looked around at the others. The wizard was the first to respond. "That tale was quite lovely my dear Lady. It seems you and your brother found the place where you belonged at last. Theoden had great love for you both, you know. Right from the very beginning." "I know," Eowyn agreed softly. She smiled, her face lighting up and seeming to reflect the golden brilliance of her hair. "I miss him dearly." Merry watched her unobtrusively, forever fascinated by her beauty and manner. He had been held captivated by her ever since she had hoisted him onto her horse the day they rode toward battle, defying her uncle's directives to both of them. She had held his unshakable faith and allegiance ever since. He rose then and approached her, offering his gift to her a bit shyly. Eowyn looked up in surprise. "My Lady? I made this for you. To help you remember the happier times in your life." He looked at Eowyn, gray eyes earnest. "I overheard you tell others that the star Frodo created reminded you so much of a past Yuletide of great importance." He glanced down at his feet before raising his eyes to hers again. "I hoped it would cause you to smile." Eowyn studied the hobbit with gentle eyes before taking the shiny little package and undoing the carefully tied bow. She gasped with wonder as she pulled forth a tiny replica of the silvery star that perched atop the great evergreen. In the same design his cousin had created, Merry had fashioned a necklace with a star shaped charm at the end. Eowyn held it up appreciatively to the light, admiring its delicate filigree as she turned it this way and that. She reached out and gathered the halfling into her arms giving him a heartfelt hug much to the young one's delight. "Thank you Merry," she whispered in his ear. "Your thoughtful gift will do much to help me recall that even when there is great darkness the light is waiting always, lingering just around the nearest corner, only seeking the proper time to make its appearance and allow its warmth to be felt." Eowyn let her eyes wander around the room, taking in each beloved face in turn before coming back to her little friend. "The light of love and friendship. And the memories of those who have gone before us." "And await our coming," Faramir finished for her. "Why should they be out of mind just because they are out of sight?" "Aye, they are waiting for us somewhere very near, just around the corner," Merry agreed. "All is well." Afteryule -- Hobbit word for January