to come help him find Pip! His distress was almost funny! He wore such an expression of horror." "Good." The muffled voice sounded satisfied. "I didn't think it was funny, Merry. Pippin had frightened me out of my wits. As the eldest I was supposed to be the most responsible. Aunt Eglantine would have had my head if something had happened to him." "I suppose so." Merry looked around at the attentive listeners. "We searched high and low for him and Folco helped us. We even enlisted Sam and the Gaffer. As the day wore on we became increasingly dismayed. Bilbo returned and found out what had happened and we knew we were in for a real scolding later, but we still had to locate Pippin." "You were very good at causing havoc and mayhem even then, weren't you little one?" Boromir patted the blanket affectionately. "Hmphh!" Boromir chuckled. He could see the scowl in his mind's eye. "And where did you find him Frodo?" Gandalf's eyes were twinkling. He had heard this tale before. "Well, we continued our search for another hour or so after Bilbo arrived. Finally we decided to head further out because we had looked everywhere closer to home. As we wandered into a wooded area across the meadow we began hearing a high pitched keening wail." Frodo shrugged and glanced about with a grin. "Of course, we knew that wail very well--" "I do not wail!" Pippin flipped the blanket off his head and glared at his cousins. Frodo sniffed. "You most certainly do. Particularly when you are in some kind of trouble." "We approached one of the great trees and looked up. Sure enough, there was Pippin, trapped in the highest branches of the tree." "But, Pip is so good at climbing trees!" Boromir rubbed his hand over his face. "I suppose getting down was harder at that age though." "Aye! Especially when you're hung up by your braces!" Merry collapsed in laughter that was joined in by all except Pippin. "There he was, the little rascal, all hung up in the tree and his braces the only barrier to him getting down on his own! Actually, he was swaying around a bit, his feet not even firmly on the branch below him. It's a very good thing his braces held tight or he could have fallen." Frodo's expression sobered. "It really was quite a fright for all of us. And it took a coordinated effort to get him down but we finally managed." "You looked so ridiculous Pip! Trying to teach us a lesson when you're the one who ended up learning one. Besides, it was a very dangerous thing to do and you disobeyed us." "Hmph, I seem to recall that I was not the only one who learned a lesson, Merry!" "Quite true. But you were the one everyone wanted to have a turn at paddling!" "Bilbo was beside himself, just as I was. He couldn't imagine having to explain to Pippin's parents that their youngest had not been watched over closely enough and had fallen out of a tree." Frodo chuckled and squeezed Pippin's shoulder. "It took all of his self-control to keep from spanking your deserving little behind, but in the end he decided to leave that to your folks and instead sent you to bed without supper." Frodo laid his arm about Pippin's shoulders and his cousin grinned up at him. "Being sent to bed without supper is even worse! I remember crying myself to sleep that night." "You did. And the rest of us had to suffer for your punishment by listening to you wail." Frodo laughed again. We couldn't even enjoy our own meal, we felt so sorry for you." "Good then. Served you right!" "Oh, but we made the sacrifice Pip, for the sake of you learning a valuable lesson." "How very thoughtful of you, Merry." "Are you dry yet Pip?" Frodo rose and checked the clothing laid out on the rocks near the fire "Yes, it would seem these are quite ready for you to redress yourself. Go on then before you catch your death in this dampness and cold." Pippin stood reluctantly and gathered his things, pulling on his shirt and britches as the others set about tending to their tasks. There was much to do before they bedded down again for some rest before the nightfall and the start of another long trek in the darkness. "I believe I will go check on Bill once more." Aragorn rose from his seat on the large rock just inside the cave's entrance. "He was looking much better this morning and I think he will be ready to travel by tonight." Pippin appeared thoughtful as he finished dressing. "You know, this reminds me of another interesting story involving the three of you," he pointed at his cousins and Sam, "in which I was the one responsible for the outcome being a happy one. Of course, it did include the necessity of telling on you, but at least you came out of it safely, though a bit humiliated…" Three groans erupted simultaneously. "Pippin! Don't you dare!" Frodo admonished him. Pippin's huge grin and twinkling eyes "Let's see now. A boat, a lass, some missing clothing--" Pippin turned and ran, laughing loudly as three embarrassed hobbits took off in hot pursuit. Pippin shouted over his shoulder as he ran, "You couldn't figure out who stole your clothes when you were swimming! That lass sure got an eyeful, didn't she?" Pippin sprinted faster, barely managing to reach a tree and start climbing it as the others pursued him. "Wait until I get my hands on you! You've told enough stories involving me, Pip!" Merry was scrambling up the tree after his cousin, closely followed by Frodo and Sam as Pippin climbed higher. Gandalf and Boromir watched the commotion with interest. "I believe that is one story I really must hear, Gandalf." Boromir grinned at the wizard. "Indeed." END