poured off his brow and he trembled with the remnant of his nightmare as he attempted to shake off the dread and escape from his prison of bedding. Familiar faces surrounded him, concerned. "I, I'm sorry," he whispered, mortified that his night terrors had disturbed them again. Frodo began to weep uncontrollably, small shoulders shaking, his head in his hands. Sam enveloped him in a hug of fierce protection. "There, Mr Frodo. You're all right now. You're here with us. We won't allow anything to harm you." Pippin crawled bodily over Sam to join in the embrace and Merry scooted closer. Frodo found he was cocooned in a circle of comforting hugs and warmth. He looked up to find Aragorn watching him kindly. He smiled sadly and then reached to peel Pippin off his neck. "Are you going to be all right Frodo? Oh my, you scared us so bad! That bloodcurdling scream was awful." "I'm sorry, Pip." Frodo regarded them with a weak smile. "Thank you all once more for your concern. I am…better now. My apologies for waking you once again." He shook his head. Aragorn took Frodo's hand and spoke softly. "The ring is compounding your emotions, Frodo. Remember, it feeds on negative feelings and you are so filled with emotion I fear it is responsible for the night terrors you have been suffering." He took a deep breath and added, "It may grow worse as we draw nearer to our destination." Frodo studied the Ranger's face for a long moment. "I had wondered if that might be so. It is really not a great surprise." He sat up straighter and faced them all. "Never fear. I will endure. I promise you all." "And we will all be here to assist you," Aragorn laid a gentle hand upon his shoulder and gazed about the circle of worried faces. "Now, once more we must attempt to gain some additional rest. Lay down Frodo. Sam, stay close if you please. Merry and Pippin, back to bed now." As the Company settled in once more Aragorn took up the watch at the side of the river. Legolas joined him and they stood gazing across the water in companionable silence for a time. Aragorn spoke at last. "I am afraid I will be unable to get back to sleep." The elf nodded in understanding. "Shall we share the watch then?" His companion tilted his head in agreement and indicated the path that lay around the edge of the woods. "Walk with me." They walked for a time before Aragorn spoke once more. "Frodo was chosen for this task for a purpose. I have faith he will accomplish what he has set out to do." "As do I. However, he will face many trying challenges along the way, as we all shall. And his kin now realize that much more is at risk than they knew before. They are finding his dreams most distressing. They must learn to trust in their own instincts if we are to remain strong and whole." "That is very true. In spite of their youth I believe it is a blessing that Frodo's kin accompanied him on this journey. Concern for their well-being motivates Frodo's will to succeed." The Ring-bearer tossed restlessly in his sleep for the second time and then quieted. A calm seemed to come over him at last and he actually smiled in his dream. The shadows parted and the clouds in the overcast gray sky lifted to reveal the dawning sun. Light filled his being and he sighed softly. The Lady Galadriel bent and brushed a stray lock of dark hair from his brow, her golden radiance lighting his dream from within. Frodo reached up to her and she caressed his hand and then held it against her silken cheek, bestowing a kiss upon the small fingers. Frodo's face lit up with joy as he spied Gandalf standing next to her wearing a flowing white robe. The wizard raised an ivory staff in supplication. Frodo was lulled compassionately back to sleep within his dream, feeling cradled in protection as if he were a newborn babe. The remainder of his night passed without fear or dread. The Fellowship awakened to the first sunny day they had seen since departing from Lothlorien. The brief respite of a cloudless morning was a balm for their souls. Smiles appeared on faces that had been mournful and solemn only a few short hours before. "Why, it reminds me of the first day of spring in the Shire. Almost," Sam corrected himself. "Leastways, it is good to see the sun at last." "Indeed, that is an understatement Samwise!" Aragorn agreed heartily as the Company prepared for the day's journey. "This reminds me of when we celebrated the Winter-Fylleth, early in our journey." Sam added. "Aye, more turning points Frodo!" "But now we're looking ahead to Astron. Rather than the coming of winter, which will soon be in the past, we are looking ahead to the rebirth of spring," Sam said. "But you're right Pip. More turning points," Merry agreed. "Is anything the matter Frodo?" Sam watched his friend with concern. "Oh, I was just thinking about the meaning of turning points Sam. It's odd because we are actually traveling toward a greater darkness in Mordor. I don't feel much like divination at the moment." Frodo's smile faded a bit despite the positive words. Merry patted his cousin on the shoulder. "But also remember that the solstice is about the celebration of the cycles of nature. A positive thing. Why, it's a reaffirmation that life continues! And that spring always follows winter," he added more quietly, gazing meaningfully into Frodo's eyes. His cousin smiled slightly. It was difficult if not nigh impossible to fool Merry. "And with the spring comes regeneration of life. And a renewal of strength and resolve." Frodo looked around at the Fellowship and straightened his shoulders, smiling slightly. "Come, let us begin a new day." END