tore me to pieces inside." "Oh Da! I'm so sorry I put you through all of that!" Paladin hugged him firmly to his chest. "Son, when you have children of your own some day you will finally understand exactly what I'm trying to say. 'Tis a father's duty to protect his family, and when I wasn't able to…well, it isn't an easy thing to accept. I have never in my life felt so helpless as during the time you were gone. And as for the Sight, blessing or curse I'm really not certain which anymore, but it was so hard knowing what I did and not being able to change things. Do you understand, lad?" Pippin nodded slowly. "I think so." "And I was quite upset that Merry had left his father a letter and you hadn't." "Merry didn't think I should. He thought the one he left was enough." Paladin nodded. "And knowing your cousin as I do he was most likely thinking it was better that his hot-headed uncle didn't find out much until you were both well on your way." Pippin sucked in a quick breath. "How did you----" "Peregrin, please give your father a little credit for knowing how to reason things out, eh?" Paladin laughed. "Ah, it's amazing what I can figure out when I'm able to put my anger aside. It all makes perfect sense now. Your mother was right, as she usually is." "But Da? You never answered my question." "No?" "I asked if you were still angry with me for going." "So you did." Paladin thought this over. "Well, let's just say that I'm working on letting go of my anger, all right?" He patted his son's shoulder. "Yes, I admit I'm still a bit upset with you, especially the more I find out about what you went through. And from what I saw today I know you have a good deal of healing yet ahead of you. I mourn for the innocence you've lost forever, Pippin. But I am very proud of you too. You're not the same irresponsible lad of one short year ago and I'm stunned by the changes in you." Pippin smiled at his father's words. "We have a great deal of talking yet to do, Da." "Aye that we do. Just remember let's keep on talking, all right? And no more running off without letting someone know what you're about. We don't deserve to be frightened like that anymore." "I will." "And I'll try not to do the kind of things that make you want to run off. All right?" "Yes, all right. And Da? I think I'm ready to go home now." "That's good to hear." Paladin eased his son from his lap and stood. "Oh my, I'm getting too old for this sitting on the ground business." He stretched his stiff back. "Shall we?" Pippin nodded and linked his arm through his father's. "Pippin?" Paladin asked as they climbed the little hill leading back to the farmyard. Pippin looked at him questioningly. "I've been meaning to ask. However did you manage the little growth spurt?" Pippin laughed merrily. "Oh, that. Have you ever heard of Ents, Da?" Paladin scratched his head. "Can't say that I have." "Well, after we made it out of Fangorn Forest Merry and I…" "Fangorn Forest?" "Aye, a rather frightening place all on its own, but there was a tree shepherd there-" "Ah, now that's a legend I have heard tales of." Paladin looked at him curiously. "But, not a legend after all I take it?" Pippin shook his head and grinned broadly. "No indeed, as Merry and I were soon to find out." "So, is your cousin taller too, then?" "Yes, and he still managed to stay taller than me! Anyway, this is what happened…" "Are you ready to rest now, son?" Pippin leaned over and kissed his mother's cheek before nodding. "I'm sure a few hours to lie down could only be a good thing." He followed her down the long corridor to his room. Pippin felt the burning sting of tears behind his lashes and tried to blink them away. He swallowed hard. "Mum, I'm sorry I ran away. It…it was a very childish thing to do." "We all do things we regret sometimes dear, and I dare say you'll learn from your experiences." Eglantine hugged him. "I'm glad you and your father are talking." "We…we talked about a great many things. It's odd, but I feel like I got to know Da a good deal better today than I ever have. He spoke to me like I was an adult. I can't tell you how much I appreciated that." Eglantine settled on the side of the bed and tucked the covers around her son. She smiled and smoothed her hand across his hair before planting a kiss on his forehead. "I think your father has begun to realize just how much you've grown up Pippin." She studied his face for a moment before speaking again. "And I think you've realized just how vulnerable to hurt your father can be. The two of you are more alike then you care to admit but it's something I've always known. You're both very stubborn and you each have a great deal of love in your hearts for your family." Pippin nodded sleepily and yawned. Eglantine smiled. "Perhaps you'll be able to sleep a bit better now. Remember we're nearby if you need us." "You've both always been nearby Mum." Pippin touched his chest. "Right here in my heart. As far as I'm concerned you were there with me all the way through my journey. Keeping me going." Eglantine smiled and kissed his cheek. "Good night my little love. I hope you sleep well." "Night, Mum. And I'm really glad the king did come back after all." "And I'm glad my son came back. All the way home at long last." She closed the door softly as Pippin closed his eyes.