his chest and bound mercilessly with tight cords of leather that sliced into the supple skin of his wrists. Legolas opened his mouth and screamed frantically, "Strider!" But the only thing that could be heard was the roaring of the flames that were nearly on top of them. All voices were drowned out and he was only allowed to call for help once or twice before the orcs weren't willing to chance anything and clamped their course hands over his mouth. "Keep yer mouth shut, you maggoty Elf!" Legolas writhed in their clutches but was unable to find a useful vantage point or twist his face free of their filthy paws and claws. The knife was removed from his throat as they prepared to force him to his feet but there was still no chance for escape. For the few moments where he was laying on the ground, Legolas could have sworn by Elbereth he felt it vibrating with hoof beats. But he couldn't hear anything but the fire roaring and the blood rushing in his ears. Shoving Legolas into the shadows, the orcs prodded him into a run with their scimitars, forcing him to run in the middle of their smothering pack, crushing him between their sweaty bodies. Aragorn looked around, now that everything was revealed by the firelight. "Legolas!" The roaring of the growing flames and the yowling orcs droned his voice out. But they were not fighting him so hard anymore and then he felt the ground tremble beneath his feet. Surveying the turmoil around him for the source of the vibrations he saw Thengel and his Riders swarming over the hill at a dead gallop. Obviously they had seen the smoke and the light emitted by the large flames that were starting to devour the grasses. Quickly stepping side and twisting his body just in time to avoid being trampled, Aragorn watched tiredly and in awe as the Riders crashed into the orcs without slowing down even minutely. The beasts that weren't trampled under the pounding, grinding hooves were skewered upon their spears and swords, and the bowmen shot a few. "Legolas!" Aragorn screamed for his friend again as a lump tightened his throat. "Legolas!" The Riders were finishing off the orcs now, and their dying screams and gurgles bounced eerily off the hills in strange imitational ghosts. Before long the dead lay heaped all around the firelight, the reflection of the orange flame was flickering on their ghastly faces and the battle was finished. Aragorn walked among the dead, flipping over bodies in disgust with his boot toe, ignoring the black blood that sometimes rushed out and over his boot. His face was crumpled in a dark grimace as he searched in vain for the body of Legolas, though he really was begging the Valar to find his friend his alive. "Thorongil!" hailed Thengel, steering his horse towards the ranger and riding over at a slow pace, allowing his horse a reprieve. Aragorn made no answer, hanging his head in disbelief and despair as he stared at the orc bodies piled around him, Elven arrows in their throats. Tears pricked under his eyes…he had told that Elf to go home! Thengel noticed Aragorn's distress and guiding his horse alongside the ranger, paused it and sat there for a moment in silence. Finally he spoke quietly, "where is the Elf?" Aragorn knew that Legolas' body had not been found among the carcasses of the orcs and that only left one other alternative. Some of the orcs had gotten away with Legolas in tow while their fellows fought and died. Aragorn looked up at him jadedly and was about to answer when there was a gurgling cackle to his left and he turned abruptly to see a dying orc grinning wickedly. A deep wound to his chest showed where one of Legolas' twin knives had been driven through his mail and had mortally wounded him. Black blood colored his mouth and Aragorn narrowed his eyes in anger as he saw the thing continuing to smile. "Your little…friend is going to paymy employersa v-visit," the orc's jovial speech was slurred as death was slowly catching up with him and his consciousness was about to fail him. He struggled to hold it, savoring this moment and the pain in everyone's eyes. Aragorn forgot how to breathe as the garbled words of the orc sank in and his fears were confirmed. Disgust mingled with sorrow and alarm crossed Thengel's face as he stared wide-eyed at the hideous orc dying at their feet. Aragorn felt himself going numb, unable to feel how sick he knew he was becoming. Sweat slicked his hands and remembering to draw a breath, the ranger mentally shuddered. Suddenly he felt weak and his face turned a ghastly white as his body's delayed reaction caught up with the events. If it were men that had captured Legolas things might not have been as horrible, if that were possible. Men were a little more capable of having some shadow of mercy. Orcs were bereft of mercy and they hated Elves with an unmatched passion, remembering what they had once been. Ashes filled the air as men frantically stomped out the fire and threw dirt on it, trying to prevent it from spreading and soon all was cloaked in darkness again and everyone's faces were hidden. "I told you to go home," Aragorn whispered so low it was inaudible and he squeezed his eyes shut to suppress the hot tears. TBC...Well, things are already at a bad start, are they not? At least for our heroes...LOL You know what we are going to ask you next (grins)...what think you? Please review! Your feedback is much appreciated! But we don't have to tell you that...LOL! We are going to try and post every Friday. And one more note: We have our own yahoo! group now, which you can join by going to our website (on our bio) and scrolling down.