"Umm…" Pippin hesitated, twisting around to peer up at his father. "Yes?" Paladin raised an eyebrow, bracing himself for any number of peculiar explanations. "Well…I'd just put my needles and ball of wool aside while I—Tulip! I know, all right? You've told me that a hundred times today!" Paladin bit the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing at his son's antics. He spoke into his son's open shirt collar. "Ahem. Do be quiet, Tulip, and allow Peregrin to speak. There's a good lass, now! Go ahead, lad. Tell me the rest of the story." "I put them on a hay bale while I was feeding Lily and the other kitties, and when I turned around, well…are you certain you won't be angry with me?" "Lad, what did you do with your mother's knitting needles?" Paladin kneaded his temples where a headache was promising to bloom. "Well…it's a wee bit of a confusing explanation, Da. I'm not sure why she did it…" "Why who did what?" "Or what she wanted it for, and I just didn't know what to think--" "I'm fast getting there myself, boy." Pippin sighed and turned back to face the road. "Pansy snatched them up, and the wool too, and then ran away with them in her mouth and now I can't find them anywhere." Paladin stared down at the top of Pippin's head, his mouth twitching in amusement. "Your mum's goose stole your knitting?" The curly head bobbed up and down. Father, son, and knitted piglet each sat in silence, considering. At last, Paladin offered an explanation. "Perhaps she wanted to knit herself a nest?" Pippin twisted around and peered up at his father with a doubtful frown. A muffled snort drifted out of his shirt and Pippin swept Tulip into his arms, holding her snout against his ear. He listened carefully for a moment. "Tulip says she thinks you've gone 'round the bend, Da." Paladin laughed heartily as he stood and set Pippin on his feet. "Oh, she does, does she? And you agree?" Pippin gave his father a cheeky grin. "Aye!" "Ah, well then. Where do you suppose she's about to put those eggs she's soon to lay, hmm?" Paladin draped an arm around his son's shoulders and nodded towards the sweet shop. "Why don't we go spend some of those pennies of yours before we head back to Miss Daisy's and let your mother know she needs more knitting needles?" Pippin giggled and waved Tulip in the air. "And more wool!" "Aye, and more wool," Paladin laughed. "Is there anything else your mum needs to know she has to purchase before we go home?" Pippin tilted his head to one side, thinking carefully. "Well…Tulip says she'd be ever so pleased to have one of those big crème puffs we saw in the window of Mr Chubb's shop, although she says we don't have enough pennies for that and to get everything else we want." "It sounds like you both have a great deal of shopping planned." Paladin led the way, sniffing appreciatively at the heady confectionary scents as they entered the store. "Perhaps I should treat everyone, what do you say? We can take them home to have tonight for afters." Paladin winked and went to speak to the shopkeeper. Pippin trailed after him. "We have to wait until then?" "Yes, indeed you do. Now hush, Tulip says to mind your manners." Pippin frowned into his shirt. "I thought you said you were on my side?" Tulip stared up at him with an impish smile and a twinkle in her satin eyes. PG Break "Oh! Pad, you must come and see this!" Eglantine ran into the barn later that evening after sending her two youngest to fetch their father for supper. "What? Why Tina, you're flushed! What's the matter?" "Come with me." She tugged on her husband's arm fairly bursting with excitement. Mystified, Pippin and Pervinca followed behind them. Stopping next to the shed near the kitchen door, Eglantine pointed. Still puzzled, Paladin stooped to look underneath the steps. A huge grin spread across his face and he threw back his head and laughed uproariously. "What is it, Da?" Pervinca watched her parents shaking with laughter before dropping to her knees and having a look for herself. Pippin crowded her out of the way, squealing with delight. An indignant honk filtered out from the hiding place at the unwelcome disturbance. "Back up children," Eglantine warned. "You know how she is when she's sitting a nest!" Still laughing, they peered at the big goose sitting haughtily upon her clutch of eggs beneath the porch. Several layers of bright red wool lined the nest in sharp contrast against a background of white feathers. Pansy honked a warning again and flapped her wings for added effect. "Well now, at least she has the beginning of a blanket there, thanks to Pippin!" Paladin shook his head. "You see, lad? I was right; all she wanted was to knit herself a nest. Why, 'twas very fortunate that you just happened to be knitting your cat a blanket during Pansy's hour of need!" "She can be keeping it too," Eglantine told them. "Because I shan't be wanting it back. Oh my, I do wonder what she did with the knitting needles though? I don't even want to entertain the notion of just what that goose might do with them if she were upset with someone." "Tina, surely she wouldn't use them as a weapon?" Paladin raised an eyebrow at his wife. "Oh, I don't know about that, Pad. I wouldn't put a thing past that goose. She's a sly one." "Could be she's hanging on to them for later." Paladin glanced over his shoulder at Pippin and Pervinca and winked. "Who knows, we might find her finishing that blanket for Lily whilst she's sitting her nest!" Eglantine disappeared into the farmhouse ahead of them, the sound of merry laughter trailing behind her as the door swung shut.