there just as pretty as you please. Why'd you leave her in with the chickens, lad? Why, I think she scared old Rosie just about half to death! I know she gave me a frightful start, she did!" Periwinkle laughed hard. "I never expected to find a wee knitted piglet amongst the eggs, after all." "Umm, thanks Peri," Pippin said. "Here now lad, as long as you're out here you might as well make yourself useful." She handed him one of the filled baskets and Pippin accepted it readily. "Take that in to your mum for me, there's a good lad." Pippin tucked Tulip back in his shirt and headed back, the basket of carrots swinging easily back and forth as he pondered. "So, you were in amongst the chickens?" he chortled, "I'd like to have seen that." Tulip bristled and indignantly informed him that she had most certainly not appreciated the experience and it hadn't better happen again – or else! Pippin snorted. "Or else what?" He rolled his eyes. That sounded so like something his mother would say. "Honestly Tulip, you're getting more like Mum every day. And no, there's nothing wrong with that…I suppose," he added softly. Thunder, but Tulip could chatter when she was upset! He set the basket on the floor inside the door and went into the pantry. Pearl was retrieving bread, butter, and jam for the family's luncheon. "Pippin! Where have you been all morning? I was looking for you earlier." Pearl continued with her work while she talked. Pippin took Tulip out of his shirt and perched her on his shoulder. "I think I've been just about everywhere. And I'm still trying to solve the mystery of Tulip's journey." Pearl did stop then, and turned. Her little brother was regarding her with arms folded across his chest, his little jaw set firmly, green eyes beaming. She smiled at his determined pose. He reminded her of a very small replica of their father! "What else do you need to know?" "How Tulip got the rest of the way back to the hearth where I left her." "I found her on the egg basket, Pip. And I put her on the sideboard." "Oh! But, where did she go after that?" Pearl shook her head. "I'm afraid I don't know. Perhaps Vinca does, seeing how Tulip is wearing one of her doll's frocks?" "Hmph, I'm going to go find her. Thanks Pearl!" Pippin trotted off again. "I just saw her outside on the swing a few minutes ago," Pearl called after him. Pippin rushed into the grassy area where he and Tulip spent a great deal of their time playing on the swing and climbing the oak tree. Instead of Vinca he spied Hamish Hornblower on the swing. The little lad jumped off the swing, looking guilty. "It's all right if you play on my swing, Hammie," called Pippin. "Thanks! Vinca said I could, too." "Where is she? I've been trying to find her." Pippin spun in a circle. Hammie shrugged. Spying the piglet under Pippin's arm he grinned. "Ah, I see you found Tulip. I was trying to bring her to you when Pansy chased me and bit me on the bum! I dropped her and Pansy snatched her up. I'm sorry, I don't know what happened to her after that." "Pansy had hold of Tulip?" Pippin squeaked in dismay, darting a look of panic at her. Tulip raised her brow and watched him knowingly. Pippin figured she was trying to make him feel guilty for all her suffering. Pansy? Oh dear! "Ohhhh, poor wee Tulip! I'm so sorry, m'lass." He hugged her close. Tulip sniffed and reassured him she was fine, no thanks to his carelessness, though. "I took Tulip away from Dizzy before that. He was running around with her and I thought he might chew her up." Pippin felt a shudder run through his entire body at the same time an identical one shivered through Tulip. He eyed her in sympathy. Oh dear! This story was getting worse by the minute now. "I'm going to find Vinca." Pippin left Hammie with his mouth hanging open. He found his sister at last. She squealed when she saw him with Tulip. "Oh! There's my dolly's frock! I wondered why Tulip ran off with it." Pervinca was just coming out of her room as her brother appeared in the doorway. Pippin scowled at her. "You dressed Tulip in a frilly frock! How come? And why was she playing with you?" Pervinca tossed her hair. "I found her under my bed. She was covered in cat hair so I gave her a bath and then invited her to tea. You should thank me, not yell at me, Peregrin." Vinca folded her arms and gave him a haughty stare. "So, Lily had hold of her too? What in thunder is going on today?" "Pippin! You shouldn't use that kind of language, you're too young." Pippin rolled his eyes, disgusted. He turned his back on his sister and dashed towards the kitchen. He and Tulip both needed some reassurance from his mother, and perhaps a hot cup of tea and a few ginger biscuits might help settle their nerves! Eglantine smiled at her lad and his wee piglet. Gently, she brushed the hair from his forehead and planted a soft kiss there, before making sure the covers were tucked in around the slumbering pair of friends. It was truly amazing the way her small son had been taken by such a simple little gift as his knitted piglet. She kissed the tip of her finger and placed it tenderly on Tulip's head. "Keep both eyes on him lass, always," she whispered. "He needs watching over." Eglantine sighed in content as she pulled the door shut, leaving it cracked open slightly. She was thankful their adventure had ended happily for both, unable to imagine Pippin without his little friend who had taken hold of his heart so firmly.