think that surely the prince of Mirkwood and his little pets would know everything that we want. And while they are with us, they will get the answers that they desire, except it will be pointless for them." Sador's heart leaped up into his throat, and he visibly worked to swallow the suffocating mass back down. She was mad, he told himself, because there was no other explanation for her designs or intentions. If the prince went missing, Thranduil would come –with an army, that is, and raze Lake Town and possibly Dale to the ground. "Aüla, I don't think that is a wise course of action considering his position. King Thranduil will not sit idle while his son and his son's companions are missing." Aüla looked positively murderous and the rhythm of her nails' clicking became uneven and unpredictable, matching her mood. "It is because of his position that we must capture him, him and those closest to him. By the time Thranduil has any idea what is going on it will be too late. Ulfang and his allies will be on them, and then we can have Dale without Elven interference, not just this pile of floating wood on a Lake filled with rotting Dragon bones and debris." Sighing, Sador asked quietly, "What do you have against the Elves? I highly doubt that they would interfere as long as the trade is not disrupted." His expression became dejected and he sighed heavily once more, knowing well what the answer to the question would be. He had asked it many times and still couldn't understand why he continuously found her attractive after he got his answer. She looked at him as second longer and then threw her head back and laughed. But the laughter was cold and heartless. No, he amended, it definitely had heart. It had a black heart behind it, a cold black heart. "I was born and raised in Rhûn along with my brother, who is now their crownless king!" Her lips snarled, revealing her teeth as she hissed. "We are the remainder of the Balchoths! The rest of us died in Rhovanion, my great-great grandfather escaped the battle unscathed and took with him who he could…. We have our heritage to reclaim! Those Elves are not going to interfere!" Sador winced inwardly. He found nothing amusing about this. Nothing at all. He never had anything against Elves and from the way she talked it sounded like her family had a history of a power-hungry mental disorder. Yet the very sight of her still made him love-sick. "How is taking over Dale going to accomplish anything?" He still couldn't see it. She was much more the visionary… "Why the Elves…?" She cackled slightly, not realizing how unladylike her behaviour had become during the past few minutes. "Dale will be an example, my dear, just a portent of the power we shall eventually hold. You said they would leave us alone if I ignored trade…I don't plan to ignore trade. Everything will be under our jurisdiction." "Who is 'our'?" He had a sinking suspicion that it excluded him and actually meant her and her alter-ego…If he wanted to turn a blind eye to everything he could say her and her brother, but in all actually it he knew that it was her and her… A knock that sounded almost like an impatient pounding sounded on her door. However, she didn't look displeased, Sador noted with a twinge of jealousy burning through his heart. If he had done that she would have been irritated or at the least mildly annoyed. If anything in her expression had changed it was that her mouth had something lurking in its corners that looked suspiciously like a smile. The man who entered at her request was, in Sador's opinion, no one special and he glared scathingly at the other. The dark-haired man on the other side of the door came in and made a sweeping bow to Aüla in reverence before righting himself. Sador's face was darkened enviously as he took in the other's muscular frame and tanned skin. "Captain Ulrad," Aüla's husband acknowledged brusquely, tensing as though for a fight. Ulrad smiled broadly at Sador, but it was equally tense. "Lord Sador," he gave a curt bow. Then turning his attention to Aüla, he informed politely, "We await your orders, milady." She smiled, but this time its sinister quality was not so pronounced and her body seemed to relax against the large chair she sat in. Looking at Sador she suggested calmly, "Don't you have a town to run, my dear?" Sador gave Ulrad one last look, like a cornered dog sizing up an opponent. Aüla's inward smile broadened. If he didn't bare his teeth she would be impressed. Oh, he would do everything to please her now, hoping she wouldn't stab their relationship in the back and to continue to try and earn her love. He wasn't so much a fool, she reasoned, but more a coward. Her husband feigned disinterest, apparently unnerved by the size of Captain Ulrad and looked at her. Smiling as though he knew nothing at all about anything, he nodded. "Of course." Looking at Ulrad in a way that could only be considered a threat he said stiffly, "Good evening and good night to you, Captain Ulrad." There were some things that he would rather not see or think about anyway, he told himself consolingly as he stepped past the threshold. To his everlasting anger and shame, Captain Ulrad closed the door within seconds after his departure. There were precious few clean reasons for that. She had friends all right; he contemplated darkly as he continued walking down the lengthy corridor –friends with some very desirable benefits. He was being used, as was his position, and he knew it. TBC...Hey! At least there isn't really a cliffy on the first chapter this time! Although...poor Elves. :D PLEASE REVIEW! thank you! We love hearing from you!