putting my hands in the water, that is until Frodo told me to stop it and then I had to--" "I told you to stop it because you were leaning too far over the edge Pip," Frodo interrupted. "I was not! I've been very, very good, Frodo." Pippin was indignant. "Yes, you rascal, you have been awfully good today and I shall be certain to let Bilbo know. All right? Come now, I think it's about time we packed up and headed back." Without a protest Merry and Sam began gathering their things and taking down the little tent. It had been a very pleasant afternoon. Even Pippin didn't argue as he joined in to help. He finished by lifting the little quiver onto his back and gripping the bow as he prepared to follow the others. Frodo halted. "Pippin," he began. "I just want to carry it back! I'll give it to Bilbo, I promise. Please, Frodo?" "All right. Just don't be shooting any arrows along the way, you hear?" "Of course not!" Sam leaned over and whispered in Merry's ear. "Do you think it might be safer if we walk behind Pippin?" Merry chuckled and nodded. "That's not a bad idea, Sam." Bilbo was outside enjoying his pipe as the little entourage struggled up the path with their gear. He glanced up and smiled, the smile turning into a frown when he saw what Pippin carried. Bilbo turned a questioning eye to his nephew. Frodo held up his hands in a placating gesture. "Before you say anything, we didn't know he had them! And I made certain he played with them safely. In fact, we all had a turn. I told Pip he'd have to give them to you when we returned and that we'd have to let his mother know he brought them with him without permission." "Hmm!" Bilbo looked down at the youngster sternly. Pippin smiled winningly up at him, hopeful that the older hobbit wouldn't scold him too much. Bilbo sighed. Never a dull moment with this one around. "I suppose there's no harm done. Well young sir! Is there anything else up your sleeve that I should know about?" Pippin shook his head vigorously from side to side. "All right then, why don't you all get washed up for supper then? Samwise, I've spoken to your father and you have permission to dine with us if you'd like." "If I'd like?" Sam could not contain the huge grin. It had been a long while since he'd been able to have so much time to while away with friends. "Thank you Mr Bilbo, sir. That's lovely!" "Well, come on then!" Bilbo gestured to the door. He halted Pippin on his way in and confiscated the small bow and quiver, cringing inwardly at the little rascal's ability to put one over on him. Pippin frowned as he gave up his beloved plaything, but knew better than to protest. The week actually passed by quickly, a fact that surprised even Bilbo. The last day of the visit was at hand and Bilbo was taking the lads in to Hobbiton for lunch as a farewell treat. Sam would be unable to join them since the heat had abated and he was back at work in the gardens helping his father. Pippin excitedly counted his pennies over and over as he sat in the little pony cart with his cousins. "Pennies for a sunny day!" His sing-song voice repeated again and again. "Pippin, will you stop singing about your money?" Merry pleaded. "Or at least change the tune." Pippin grinned up at him. "I saved and saved and my mum wouldn't let me spend any of my pennies for a long time." And she doesn't even know I have these! Pippin giggled at his resourcefulness. "Yes, well aren't you glad? You have ten whole pennies to spend now. That's quite a lot of money, isn't it?" Bilbo smiled down at his little charge. "Aye! And it's all mine," Pippin chortled. "What, you aren't going to share with your poorer cousins?" Frodo hid a grin as he said this. Pippin stared at him disbelievingly. "Of course I'm going to share it Frodo Baggins! How could you think I wouldn't?" Pippin was insulted. Frodo put an arm around him. "Naturally Pip. We know how generous you are, don't we Merry?" Merry grinned. "Of course we do." He placed an arm around Pippin also. "And we're going to miss you when you leave tomorrow. Say, since you're feeling so generous, how about lending me your bow and arrows? I'd take really good care of them." "Merry." Frodo looked at his cousin disapprovingly. "What? I just thought--" "Uh huh. And I just think that's a bad idea, young Meriadoc," Bilbo interrupted them. "At least as long as you're staying at Bag End where I'm responsible for you. So I'd just be forgetting that notion my lad." Merry sighed and rolled his eyes at Bilbo. "You just had to try, didn't you?" Frodo laughed. "I'll bring them next time I visit Merry!" Pippin assured him. "With your mum's permission," Frodo reminded him. "Well, I hope that's soon then!" Merry startled himself. "I can't believe I just said that," he muttered. "I'll ask mum if I can stay longer now!" Pippin giggled, and bounced up and down, delighted with his idea. "You know, she just may let me. She says she's always able to get so much done when I'm visiting with relatives and you can tell her how much you like having me here and how lonely you'd be without me and we still have so much more we could do and then we could take that long hike in the meadow that we never got to do because it was too hot…." Pippin paused to take a deep breath and continued, "And Bilbo can take us into Hobbiton more than this one time and…" All three of them groaned, Merry the loudest. END