" Yrch … There has been bloodshed nearby." "I smell it as well," Legolas said, his expression only more concerned as he dismounted and ran, desperate to get to the source of this foreboding. Orc blood stank like rot, but the blood of elves and dwarves and men smelled metallic, and the thickness of such stench could only mean much death… …when he arrived at the scene, Legolas stopped dead, and he could only stare in horror. There were bodies scattered all across the path, elven corpses, the dusty earth drenched in dark blood. Arrows feathered the trees, both orcish and elven, and the underbrush was trampled and broken on both sides of the path. Several horses lay dead, their bodies torn apart and devoured in the way that was characteristic of orcs, though there were orc bodies as well. The whole scene was drenched in blood, its overwhelming stench thick in the air, and it made Legolas' stomach turn just to look at it. He looked at it with wide, anguished eyes, feeling the ominous chill in his mind turn to complete horror. " Ai, Valar, no…" the Prince whispered, stumbling to the side of a dead elf with an arrow through his throat, turning the body over to confirm his suspicions. He saw the Mirkwood insignia on the dead elf's armor and let out a choked moan of horror. This was the remains of the king's escort, all eighteen guards slaughtered. "No…!" Hearing Legolas' stricken cries, Lainathiel ran to him, prepared for the worst with her bow drawn and an arrow nocked. But she gasped when she saw, her own eyes wide with horror, and she lowered her bow immediately. "Legolas…! What has happened here…?" Legolas forced himself to keep his voice steady, though his heart felt like an orcish arrow had been put through it. "My father's escort… This is all of them…" Lainathiel put a hand over her mouth in horror, feeling her own heart constrict. "Valar, let it not be true…" She went from body to body, turning them over and finding each of them with a sword or arrow piercing them. She mourned for them, for they had been her friends and good people who loved their kingdom. But there was something conspicuously missing… "Legolas," she said quietly, coming to stand beside him. "King Thranduil is not among the dead. There are eighteen here, but not he." Legolas looked up, realizing that what she said was true. "But if my father is not here… then where?" he whispered, more to himself than to Lainathiel. Suddenly a broken, gurgling cry cut through the air, choked and clearly in pain, and Lainathiel let out a quiet gasp. Both she and Legolas rushed to the elf who had made the sound, kneeling beside him where he lay on the side of the forest path. The grisly spear wound in his upper chest prevented him from moving at all, but he panted shallowly and raggedly, eyes barely open as the two elves came to him. "My Prince…" he croaked, lips stained with blood. "Saeldhur…" Legolas breathed, feeling a pang of emotion as he recognized his friend, reaching out to touch his cheek. " Mellon nin, what happened here?" Saeldhur coughed weakly, blood leaking from the corner of his mouth. "Orc ambush…" he managed. "From both sides… They were many, and heavily armed. Forgive me, Prince Legolas…" "There is nothing to forgive," Legolas whispered, feeling a wave of guilt in his heart that Saeldhur was apologizing in his last moments. "But please, we must know… where is my father?" The dying elf's eyes fluttered, his strength fading. "Orcs… wanted him alive," he croaked. "He is alive… But to where he has been taken… I do not know…" Legolas felt his stomach twist with dread. "No… It cannot be…" Lainathiel glanced from Legolas to Saeldhur, her gaze deeply worried. "We must go back now," she insisted. "He needs a healer!" Saeldhur shook his head weakly, his breaths growing steadily weaker. "No… I will not survive that long…" he panted. "Go now… I am finished." "No, mellon nin , we will not leave you!" Legolas insisted desperately, but Saeldhur's eyes were already glazing over, and soon he breathed no more. Legolas looked helplessly stricken, and he bowed his head in mournful silence. "…the orcs will pay for this," he vowed, his tone low. "We must go," Lainathiel said quietly, touching Legolas' arm. "We must tell everyone what has happened." She was rattled by the sight of such a slaughter, just as he was, but the safety of their people took precedence over grieving. Legolas nodded after a long moment, rising to his feet with a grave countenance. "Of course," he murmured, walking back to the horses. "We must tell our people of the danger, and tell the families of these elves of their passing." Lainathiel watched the Prince for a moment before she mounted her horse, the gray gelding snorting impatiently beneath her. "Shall we send word to Lord Elrond and the others? They will be waiting for King Thranduil's arrival." "Not yet," replied Legolas after a short silence, as he turned his horse back toward the direction of the elven stronghold. "We must deal with our own people first. The convening of the council is not for another week, and if we can muster up a search, we may yet find my father in time." The elleth dipped her head in acknowledgement. "I pray that we shall." As the two of them rode hard to reach the elven stronghold before the sun dipped low, she could not help but feel that it would not be so easy. Valar help us. A/N: If you read this far, I'm impressed! Thanks for reading! I try to write chapters in advance, so updates will hopefully be consistent (once a week, on Mondays). Any comments are very much appreciated ^^ Elvish translations: Adar- father Mellon nin- my friend Penneth- young one Elleth- female elf