the young prince would indeed live. It also became apparent that he was not as strong as the King had hoped he would become. He continued to take the elixir which was prepared by the master healer to help to heal his lungs, but it did not seem to Thranduil that is was helping. He could play for small periods of time, but he would become tired quickly. He was still on the small side and he was uncoordinated, more so than most toddlers, especially elven toddlers, and slow to understand. Adrianna still would not see him or acknowledge in any way that the elfling existed. Though it broke his heart, Thranduil finally had to admit to himself that she would never accept Legolas. So he spent as much time with the child as he could setting aside at least an hour every morning to take the child riding and an hour in the evenings to read to him before bed. A small place was set aside in his private chambers so that any free moments he had he could spend his ion in some way. On their rides he would teach him about the forest and all the animals within. Before he read to him at night he would go over letters and numbers for as long as his short attention span would allow. Legolas took his many of his meals alone in his room or Thranduil would allow him to go home with Regalis and take meals with their family. Thranduil finally gave in to his beloved and they conceived a second child. When Adrianna gave birth to a second son. She was extremely happy. "Look at him Thranduil, he is perfect." "Aye, he is indeed. Legolas will be glad to have a little brother to keep company with him." "Nay, I will not suffer that child around my darling ion." " That child is your ion as well." "My ion died 13 cycles ago and I will not have that dim-witted shell of a child that you insist upon spending your time with, around my darling." Adrianna was angry that her husband could suggest such a thing, but she was well matched with the wrath of Thranduil. "This has gone on long enough! I never should have agreed to this child but as he is here now I cannot hold that against him, but I will not allow you to continue to deny our first born. Legolas is a good elfling, who has done nothing to earn your ire except to survive an accident that would never have occurred had his parents had the common sense that the Valar gave to squirrels!" "You would blame me…" "I blame us both! You should never have been riding that day, and I was wrong to allow you to go, but no longer will I allow Legolas to suffer for our mistake. I agree that he may not be quick to understand, but he is by no means a dim-wit. You are his naneth, how could you say such a thing about your own elfling." "I can say it because it is true. You should have let him die Thranduil. Cut your bond to him as I did, but you let your heart cloud your judgment." "If that is true, then the same can be said about my choice in a Queen. I never would have thought you to be so cruel Adrianna." Adrianna felt as if she had been slapped. "You don't mean that." "I love you with all my heart and yet I let you cloud my judgment on more than one occasion. If you would condemn my heart for loving our first born, then you must condemn its other decisions as well, including your choice as my wife and that bundle you hold now in your arms. Be careful what you wish for when you ask me to lead with just my head. You may not like the outcome." Adrianna realized then that she had pushed to far and tried to make amends. "Forgive me my love. I did not intend to upset you, and you are right. Mayhap after things get a bit more settled, I will try to spend more time with the elfling." "You promise. You will try?" Thranduil asked hopefully. "Aye, I will try. Now, back to this little one, we need to make plans for his naming ceremony." "There will be no naming ceremony as one was not held for Legolas. I propose instead a celebration in both their honor." "Is it right to deny one for the other? Besides he would not know that difference." "As this penneth will not know the difference. There will be no more discussion on this matter. As King, it is my duty to introduce my sons, their princes, both of them , to their people. Something that is long overdue in Legolas' case as he is rightfully my heir." Placing a kiss to both of their heads, Thranduil left the room leaving in his wake a very shocked wife contemplating his words. He had never spoken to her so. She had but to ask him and he would give her the world, now he was different and she knew the cause. "That child!" The elfling in her arms startled at the loud noise and began to cry. "Hush now my little one. Do not worry." She comforted him. "Your adar is just confused. Sentimental he may be but a fool he is not. He will not name the village idiot to sit on the throne. You will be the Crown Prince of the Woodland Realm. I will see to that." ------------ tbc? So! What do you all think? Let me know! Please forgive my character naming as I am horrible with names. I have a few other characters left to introduce, so if anyone has some names they wouldn't mind parting with, both male and female, I will be glad to put them to use.