to ride?" Elrohir snorted at the question that Legolas asked. "He said that as long as you were riding, and not hunting or being hunted, especially by orcs, you could go." Elrond suddenly appeared in the dining room. "You do know that we don't relish being hunted, right?" Aragorn asked. "Relish it or not, you still end up being hunted most of the time." Elrond replied. "Let us get ready before he changes his mind." Legolas intervened. "Do not go very far." Elrond cautioned the two friends before heading out of the dining room with an apple in his hand. The forest was peaceful for once, and a comfortable silence reigned between the duo. The chirping of different birds made a beautiful symphony that echoed in the greenery, and a soft smile graced both their faces as the leaves rustled underneath the horses' hooves. It was nearing the afternoon when they stopped near a stream. The water beat over the rocks, and its spray glistened on the rocks that littered the shore. The two friends dismounted and sat on the lush grass, simultaneously letting out sighs of relief at being out in the open again. The wood elf rested his back against a tree, listening to the soft whispering of the trees before Aragorn broke the stillness. "How are you really feeling 'Las?" Concern tinged the softly spoken words. "I am fine mellon-nin. Why do you insist on asking me that particular question?" Legolas' azure eyes sought out his friend. "You seemed troubled." Aragorn offered with a smile. "I was merely worried, as your whole family pointed out." Legolas said with a small smile of his own. "You had no reason to worry. It was just a cold." Aragorn said. "Where you are concerned, things are rarely that simple. I have every reason to worry." Legolas' musical laughter echoed over the open plane. "You speak as if I don't have anything to worry about when it comes to you!" Aragorn protested. "That is because you don't." The elf replied. "You know you're right. It's not like you get injured or poisoned every time we are in a battle right? Or arrive on my birthday and promptly collapse from exhaustion!" Sarcasm was apparent in his words. "Exactly, I don't." Legolas replied with yet another laugh. "Stubborn elf." "Prissy human." The insults were filled with fondness, and the two friends laughed together as they shared the few fruits that Aragorn had packed in his pack. True to their word, they didn't hunt, and the afternoon passed quickly and without trouble. Soon enough, the two friends were once again mounting their respective horses and slowly galloping towards Rivendell. What greeted them was a surprise of its own. Elrohir and Elladan stood on the palace steps, with a letter clutched in the latter's hand. Legolas swiftly dismounted and headed next to the twins, knowing that Aragorn would follow. The letter was addressed to him, and the elven prince frowned before noticing his father's neat scrawl on the envelope. Dear Legolas, Your presence is needed at the palace. Make haste and come back to Mirkwood. Happy belated Birthday Estel. Love, Thranduil. "Your father surely isn't one to beat around the bush." Aragorn commented. He had read the letter over his friend's shoulder. "He isn't one that likes to have his patience tested either. I'll head out." Legolas said with a soft sigh. "You're out of your mind if you think we're going to let you go now. You'll head out at dawn, but definitely not before." Elrohir objected. "But.." "No buts Legolas. You are to stay here until dawn, then I'll give you a pack of herbs and Lembas bread for your journey back home." Elrond suddenly appeared at the door. "Fine, I'll stay for tonight." Legolas surrendered as he knew that he was out-numbered, and definitely in the disadvantage. It wouldn't surprise the blond if Elrond drugged him to make sure he didn't leave. With a small smile gracing his lips, the elf followed his friends into their home and headed to his room to wash before going down for dinner. As usual, they talked, laughed and passed jokes before Legolas headed up to his room to rest. Dawn next morning found Legolas on Arod with a pack tied securely to his saddle, and the Elrondian family on their doorsteps. After several cautions from Elrond, a handful of tricks and pranks from the twins, and a few whispered conversations between himself and Aragorn, Legolas was ready to go back to his home. After making sure his quiver and bow were properly set over his shoulders, the elf turned his horse and with one final farewell to his best friend, started the run back home. HELLOO! I AM HAPPY TO ANNOUNCE I AM STILL ALIVE AND BREATHING! It feels good to post again! I haven't posted in like, forever! Well, I have reasons. First, I was packed with studying because mid-term exams and a lot to study, then had a damned big time of writer block, watched a bunch of series, and managed to finally finish this! I hope you liked it! I'm good in the LoTR fandom, haven't even read the books yet, so sorry for any OoC or weird thingies =D Now, on with the normal A/N. 1) Yes, I have other One Piece stories planned. In fact, I have a bunch of one shot ideas and even a multi chaptered one for the future that is yet to come. 2) I have got two more (much better) ideas for Lord of The Rings, so I hope I get some fans xD 3) I even got some Robin Hood for the distant future. 4) I will hopefully get back in the writing mood, however, in May and June I will probably post less because I have got exams, much tougher exams, coming up again. 5) I hope you enjoyed this, and sorry for the very long delay in posting any stories xD -Chrisii