that he would anyway, he visited her practically every day. The pony was used to him. Suddenly, Frodo looked back at Bilbo. "But what about her owner?" Frodo asked confusedly. "Ah, that used to be me. In fact I bought her several years ago for you, but your parents never allowed me to give her to you. This year they gave in." Bilbo smiled mysteriously. Frodo whooped. He danced around singing, he punched the air, he shook Sam, he shook Rosie, he laughed 'til his sides ached he hugged Suncatcher for a good fifteen minutes, he yelled thank yous to random people at the top of his voice, including the Dwarves of Dale, and finally fell, panting, onto the floor. Frodo Baggins was still grinning like mad. Bilbo informed Frodo that he was going to stay in the stables for a bit and look after Myrtle. He had revealed that his lumpy bag was filled with carrots. After all the ponies had been fed, Frodo and Sam set off together, back towards the stream. They rowed themselves to the other side of the shore, and headed back across Hobbiton. They met Pippin, who was still dancing with a lot fewer Hobbits that before. "Merry Christmas Pippin!" Sam called happily. Pippin look around, and exclaimed, "Hello Sam and Frodo! Merry Christmas! Oh yeah, what was your present, Frodo?" Frodo beamed at his friend. "It was a pony, Pip! A pony ! Suncatcher herself!" Pippin stopped dancing. "You're kidding? That's brilliant! Oh, and here are your presents from me! I got one for you too, Sam." Frodo and Sam held out their hands as Pippin handed them both a palm-sized package. They opened their packages (which were wrapped in brown paper) at the same time. Inside of each were tow little wooden figures that Pip had evidently made himself. Frodo's was a Wizard and Sam's was an Elf. Both Hobbits were extremely pleased. After thanking Pippin and going on their way, Frodo turned to Sam. "How about, Sam, that instead of going back to your house you could come over to mine? That would be such fun and I could show you my new book!" Sam beamed, "I'd love that Frodo! It'd be great fun!" The Frodo remembered something. "Oh yes, I wanted to ask. What was it you were going to say when I asked you why you were in the stables?" Sam looked Frodo in the eye and smiled. He answered, "I thought that now you have a horse, I'd better go and ask Rosie to teach me how to ride." Frodo blinked. "Whatever do you mean?" "Well," Sam started, "It's going to be mighty hard to keep up with you and Suncatcher if I don't know how to ride. You'd be a speck in the distance! And I don't fancy going off in the Dead Marshes or wherever alone. I think it would be best knowing how to ride. We are going on an adventure together, aren't we?" Sam spoke so seriously that Frodo chuckled. "Oh Sam! Of course we are! And I hope you hurry up and learn how to ride so we can hurry up and go! You do know how long I've been waiting for this moment, don't you?" Frodo raised an eyebrow. "Of course. Lead on! I will follow you to the very end, whether we fight Goblins or roam through lands filled with Elves. I will do anything with you, Mr. Frodo sir!" Sam exclaimed. The pair of Hobbits walked off towards the sunset together, making plans about their very first adventure that they would spend together. SEVERAL YEARS LATER There Bilbo stood, blocking the rising sun's glare out of his eyes with his hand. He anxiously watched the horizon for any sign that they would be back. They had said it would be this day… He hoped none of them were hurt. Just as the old Hobbit was seriously starting to worry, a shape appeared on the horizon, steadily getting bigger. Bilbo let out a cry of excitement and rushed forwards across the green paddocks of Hobbiton. He vaulted a fence like he had not done since his childhood and ran as fast as his big hairy feet could carry him. The shape was getting closer, following the line of the forest that Bilbo had never entered. Eventually, the clear shape of two ponies, one redish brown, the other yellow, cantering towards Bilbo. A Hobbit sat upon each horse and the old Hobbit's heart skipped a beat as he recognised them. The horses were very close now, it would only take a few more minutes for them to reach him. But Bilbo didn't stop running. In fact his feet sped up when he saw the dark-haired Hobbit jump off his horse while it cantered towards Bilbo. Bilbo opened his arms when his Nephew got closer and the younger Hobbit ran into the hug. The other young Hobbit slowed the two horses before following his friend to Bilbo, who pulled him into a hug as well. "Thank goodness you're both safe… Thank goodness…" Bilbo whispered. "We're fine, Uncle. We always were!" Frodo replied. He seemed to have grown too much since Bilbo last saw him. Even little Sam had grown. Bilbo reminded himself that it had been two years. Sam looked up at Bilbo, his eyes sparkling. "We saw elves! We went to Mirkwood and saw Elves!" He whispered with excitement. "You will have time to tell me everything over a cup of hot chocolate, little ones. Now come along." Bilbo stood up and called to the horses. "Suncatcher! Daisy! Come along! My, Sam. You have become a very good rider, I see. Rosie and Frodo taught you well." Sam beamed as the Hobbits and horses headed back to the Hobbit holes. They were home and they were safe. Frodo remembered Bilbo telling him stories of his adventures when Frodo had been younger. Now it was his and Sam's turn to tell a tale…