signaled his men to lead the way. "We do not have much time. We must leave. There is a reason why this part of the forest is forbidden. Evil is spreading. I assume you would know as you two are becoming warriors of Mirkwood." He said making the way back into safe lands. "How can evil allow such things go on our lands?" Aeroniel asked looking around the forest. "Real question is, why are you two on forbidden lands? Were you purposefully trying to kill yourselves?" Legolas asked bluntly. Aeroniel rolled her eyes, "We were trying to find more advanced targets to practice on. Is that such a crime?" "In the eyes of King Thranduil it is. He is trying to keep everyone safe, however those like you who do these actions refrain him from doing that." Legolas shot back. The group walked out of the forest until they saw the first house in the Mirkwood Village. Nightfall has already reached the village. Aeroniel panicked a little knowing her mother would be worried about her whereabouts. "It is my father's words that I escort you both to your homes. My guards will escort you" Legolas nodded at Napolde, "And I will escort you." Legolas turned and looked at Aeroniel who in return gave him a cold look. "Personally? Why me. This Prince is actually being rather odd." The group separated and Aeroniel began to walk the pathway to her home with Legolas following slowly behind her. "Why haven't I seen you around here before? I have noticed your friend before, but not you." Legolas asked curiously. Aeroniel made her way up to the upper Northern Banks near Thranduil's kingdom. Legolas looked at the area confused. The Northern Banks were strictly given to his father's most prestigious guards. "Your father is a guard? She turned and looked at him. "Huh? Guard? Maybe you haven't seen me before because I always practice at the practice fields. No one in this village really sees me but Napolde and her family." "I see." Legolas nodded as Aeroniel nodded and turned her back on him, walking up the steps to her house. "If it doesn't cause an nuisance… may I know your name?" He asked slightly smiling. The young elf turned and faced the elven prince. "What a beauty he is… But no less of a creeper…" Aeroniel thought to herself as the moonlight gracefully appeared over Legolas's strong face. "Aeroniel. My name is Aeroniel." She gently smiled and opened the door, shutting it behind her. "Aeroniel… A true sight of the Evenstar…" Legolas found himself still at her front door steps and quickly managed himself together from his thoughts and made his way back to the kingdom. It has been the first in thousands of years where he felt like something has struck his heart. "Just coming in now? I was worried, you were gone for a while Aero." Ireth said as Aeroniel walked in the door. "I know, I am sorry. This test has gotten me all worked up, that's all." She responded taking her arrow casket off and placing it near the door. "Ada hasn't returned back yet?" Ireth shook her head no. "He works hard to keep us and the people safe Aero… his job is very serious. It is an honor on his behalf." "What does Ada even do?" Aeroniel asked curiously playing with one of her braids. "His job is of secrecy. Not everyone can know." Her mother responded. Aeroniel scoffed in disbelief. "And I cannot? I am his daughter. Family should be able to know." She argued. Ireth wrapped her hands over Aeroneil's. "Such things you do not need to worry of. Now go, wash up, you look like you have been working yourself to death all day." Aeroniel sighed in defeat thinking about everything she has encountered today. "You'll never guess what…" "The women were escorted safely to their homes ada." Legolas said walking into his father's court. Thranduil looked up along with Eroborn getting up from his post to bow to the prince. Legolas nodded in return and walked towards his father. "And they are safe?" Thranduil asked looking at him. "Of course they were." Legolas replied causing Thranduil to smile at him, clasping his hand on his shoulder. "What would my kingdom be without you Legolas?" Legolas smiled at his father's affection and bowed. "What are of those elven women Legolas? Any whom you would like to have as your own?" Thranduil jokingly teased. Legolas thought and went back to his meeting with Aeroneil. He couldn't keep his mind off the thought of her and how she shone in the sun and in the moonlight. "Actually…" He started. Thranduil surprised, turned around. "Out of the two, one had the most beautiful brown hair and her complexion was as bright as the Evenstar. Her eyes shone of the most purest thing imaginable..." Thranduil took notice of the word 'Evenstar' as did Eroborn, both thinking, could it be Aeroniel? Legolas caught the look on Boromir's face and flushed in embarrassment. He was speaking of his interests to others not just his father. "What is her name? This women?" Thranduil asked curiously stroking his chin. Legolas sighed, smilingly, "Her name is Aeroniel." Both Thranduil and Eroborn looked at each other in surprised until Thranduil began to chuckle softly. "She has a way with her bow. She protected herself and her friend from those spiders ada. She took down possibly four before my men and I came. For a Silvan elf with only basic training, that is rather quite impressive." Legolas spoke highly of her, thinking of her beautiful face and her bright eyes shining upon him as he first laid his eyes on her in the deep forests. Thranduil studied his son carefully and the way he spoke of her. He turned his attention to Eroborn who looked back at him with a slight smile without Legolas noticing. Turn in for next time! Thanks for reading! Please review!