about right now. Ya? (who?) Who is she that troubles you so? I can not see you like this." At this, the majestic elf lifted his starry blue eyes and smiled, but it was not an expression of joy. It was more of a smirk or a warning; a threat. "Kela (go away)...just go away Aragorn." Aragorn touched Legolas' arm so softly he was barely brushing it with his fingertips and with a sad look, he rose to return to Arwen. Legolas watched him trudge away and kept his gaze longingly on the man until he was lost in the raven black garb of night time. When Aragorn was truly gone, Legolas bowed his head and cupped his forehead in his gentle hands. Fear and timidness had claimed him, he was a warrior in battle and a failure in hopeless love. Legolas knew he could only care for Aragorn, and though it sounded fake and foolish when he worded it that way, it was the most honest thing that he had thought that night. All Legolas really longed for was to be accepted and loved by someone who understood nearly everything about him and wanted him and only him. He was sure he felt that way about Aragorn, because they had grown so close and they were so alike, it was impossible to fall for anyone else. And to Legolas, it was too late to care for gender, it didn't really matter for elves anyway. But men were different, and it was clear that Aragorn loved Arwen with all his heart, and they deserved the best together. Legolas could not stand in their way as much as it pained him to see Aragorn stroking someone else's hair, touching someone else's lips, and whispering words of love to someone else. There was a sudden break in his silent meditation and the familiar cry he loathed rang out and deafening split the night air. It was eerie and terrifying and it was certainly painful for Legolas. He had heard this sound before, and it had been the saddest thing he had ever listened to. He vowed that he'd never hear it again, but this time Legolas feared he had no control over what was causing it. "Arwen..." he whispered with clouded eyes and then yelled,"Aragorn!!" His slender legs easily brought him back inside the great palace of Rivendell and he did not tire. The sight made Legolas recoil and back away almost instantly because it seemed too private, too intimate, and too depressing to intrude on. Arwen was laying still and stiff like a wax figure on her bed, and Aragorn's letter was open and rested in her cold hand against her chest. Her eyes were closed as if she was in a deep, tranquil sleep that no one wanted to wake her from. It was beautiful and yet horribly sad. She seemed to have paled to paper white against the dark curls of her auburn hair. Elrond standing behind her dead body like a guard dog and though his face could not be seen, Legolas was sure his eyes were shut and a single tear glistened on his fair skin. Legolas' own father was standing at a distance respectfully with grief reflected in his unwavering expression, hands were folded behind his back and his legs were slightly parted. The worst and most pitiful sight of all was Aragorn. The man was a mess and he lay on the floor with his palms open to the sky and his face damp with tears. He buried his head in Arwen's neck and shook like he was having a seizure. No one moved except for him and the four men stood for about an hour, quietly mourning the loss of a very dear and lovely elf. Eventually, Aragorn stopped crying and his body was no longer racked with violent tremors but little moans escaped his lips every once and a while and his fingers traced Arwen's face as if memorizing every feature. Elrond leaned forward and patted the note folded loosely under Arwen's delicate fingers. "She loved you my son, she truly loved you with everything." He hovered beside Aragorn for a moment and then placed a flower in Arwen's hair while elf men came in to take her to be buried. They were very understanding of Aragorn and patiently took her very carefully in their arms while pulling the kind away lightly and slowly. He didn't fight them but watched in misery as Arwen was carried away in what seemed like slow motion with the note tucked away with her forever. Legolas flexed his aching muscles that had been still for too long and made his way to Aragorn whom he knew would be distraught. Legolas only hoped that Aragorn would confide in his friend. It is alright to not feel strong all the time my friend. Uuner uma, n'dela no'ta (No one does, don't worry about it). Even in her passing, you are still loved Aragorn. She deserves to be put out of her pain, do not tear yourself apart." The last statement seemed to make Aragorn relax slightly and he tilted his head back to stare into Legolas' piercing blue eyes with his trembling silver ones. He was only content in hearing that his love was no longer hurting and was finally safe from harm. "Thank you Legolas, but I cannot forget Arwen so easily." Legolas found it harder to watch his friend weep with such a broken heart then to know that Arwen had just died, and he felt guilty beyond compare. Still, he hoped he was right in his words that Arwen had passed peacefully and she was in better hands now that she was gone. As he watched Aragorn blink away tears and very slowly begin to calm down, he felt the eyes of his wise father burn holes in the thin fabric of his tunic. Despite their argument, Thranduil loved him, and he had been figured out.