the grief of the loss of a lifetime friend, "We cannot stay here. At sunset, these mountains will be crawling with Orcs!" There was no denying the truth of this, and Legolas turned, leaping from the boulder to help Merry with Pippin, as Boromir turned to Sam. The rest of the trip to Lorien was a blur to the elf. He had little need of rest and the necessity of maintaining constant vigilance over the small troop gave him little time to grieve. The danger of his preoccupation was brought home sharply when Haldir and his brothers waylaid them. Even though his response had been swift, still, had they been orcs rather than elves sent by The Lady, more of the company would have fallen. Even as Legolas had shifted from target to target, Haldir's lips had lifted in a supercilious sneer. Shame flooded Legolas at his negligence and Haldir's arrogance pricked at him. Ill grace sat him as he was blindfolded for the benefit of the dwarf and his irritation multiplied as Haldir deigned to appoint himself Legolas's guide. The guardian of Lothlorien slid his hand beneath the Prince's arm and cupped his elbow with a casual familiarity. "It is strange to see one so lovely in such rough company." Haldir's softly spoken words, with the gentle squeeze upon his arm caused Legolas to flush. Haldir restrained Legolas's instinctive pull away from him by tightening his grip on the Prince's arm. "It would be folly to stumble blindly through the Golden Wood. Why deny me the pleasure of your company, young prince?" With quiet dignity, Legolas refused to be bated further and allowed the other elf to lead him to Caras Galdhon to meet with the Lady Galadriel. The meeting had been more than he had anticipated. Celeborn's quietly spoken inquiry after Gandalf nearly unmade him and Galadriel's announcement to the company at large that Gandalf had fallen into shadow had caused his heart to clench painfully. When the Lady's knowing eyes had pierced his soul, Legolas had turned his head, but could not hide from the words that echoed softly in his mind. /you grieve harsh and deep, yet this was not to be... this sorrow will be borne... for your destiny lies elsewhere young Prince, you will not waste away, nor pass into the West. Take heart and joy in what you have shared. All is not an ending, though the futures are in shadow/ He turned from her, then and eluding Haldir's outstretched hand walked away. How heartily he was tired of hearing of destinies. He could almost understand the aggravation upon men's faces when they say: 'Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both no and yes.' In his sorrow, he wandered, seeking to commune with the great mallorns and perhaps, ease his torment. He came to a glade filled with birdsong and soft whispering breezes. Stray beams of sunlight glanced through the thick, leafy trees to play with the dust motes in the air, making all seem bright and golden. A lovingly crafted bridge of shining mallorn spanned a bubbling brook that jumped and leaped over and around gleaming white river-stones. Crossing the bridge halfway, Legolas leaned over, propping his elbows on the carved railing, staring blindly into the water, letting the laughter of the water and the teasing kiss of the wind wrap around him and soothe his troubled nature. It was with a start, he realized he was not alone. He turned only in time to see Haldir approach him. The cool elf eyed him aloofly, blue eyed gaze traveling with slow deliberation from his groin to his face. Legolas found a slow anger roiling beneath the surface. "What do you want?" Haldir's brows rose and a small smile quirked the thin lips. "I feel your grief, Legolas of the Greenwood." His voice was soft and placating and the older elf placed his hand in a most proprietary way upon Legolas' shoulder, guiding him around to face Haldir. "I thought to share your grief... " Haldir brushed back a stray strand of Legolas's hair with the back of his hand, slowly trailing his knuckles across Legolas's high cheekbone to his jaw. "And offer you... comfort... " Legolas pushed away from Haldir abruptly, his nostrils flaring with held back anger. Though his gaze was fixed upon the Lorien elf, he caught sight of Gimli coming down the path towards them. "I need no comfort from you!" Making as if to follow, Haldir took another step towards Legolas, he had the look of a hunter spotting his prey. He lightly touched Legolas shoulder, sliding his hand down to his wrist in a feather light caress, his fingers encircling the slender wrist in a firm grip. "Everyone needs something from someone, Legolas." Legolas snorted, yanking inelegantly away, "I would sooner kiss a dwarf!" "Ah. There you are Master Elf. I had wondered where you had got off to. Aragorn asked me to show you to our resting places." Legolas cast Haldir one final look of loathing before turning towards Gimli, taking his arm in a friendly clasp. "Thank you, friend Gimli." Songs filled the trees, soft and sad. Legolas stood, poised, head canted in a listening attitude. His eyes fluttered closed and his mouth firmed as if to keep the words he would add held within. "What is that?" Pippin spoke with a hushed reverence. Clearing his throat quietly, Legolas replied, "It is a lament. For Gandalf." "What does it say?" Merry looked at Legolas sorrowfully. Finally the pain blossomed and overwhelmed him and he knew he could say nothing more. In a quiet choked voice, "I have not the heart to tell you. For me the grief is still too near" Finis guraerlinn - heartsong melthron - lover Mithrandir - the Elvish name for Gandalf Sources: Script for "The Fellowship of the Ring", New Line Cinema and Peter Jackson The Fellowship of the Ring, J.R.R. Tolkien The Sindarin Dictionary Project