and I wondered what sort of story Smike had fed her when he called the evening before. For some reason that irritated me to no end, considering that I had drunk very moderately at the party. Was it my fault that I had tripped and fallen into an alternate dimension? "Well, you know what they say -- don't drink and drive," I said lamely, knowing that it was no use to protest that I hadn't been drunk at all. Her gaze moved past me to Smike. "Thanks for giving her some crash space, Mike. We've got some strata left over from breakfast -- why don't you two go help yourselves?" "Well, actually -- " I began, about to tell her that Mike was just dropping me off and that he had to get back home and finish cleaning up. "Sounds great," Smike cut in, and then he hesitated and looked down at the floor, doing such a good imitation of Mike when he's feeling awkward that I couldn't help staring at him. "But there's something we -- I mean, Sarah and I -- wanted to talk to you and Mr. Monaghan about. Is he here?" "Yes, he's out back." She looked from Mike to me and back, still with the pleasant half-smile on her lips. Mike had always been a favorite of my parents; if I had a dollar for every time they remarked "I don't know why you don't go out with him " I'd have enough money to buy a new car. "This sounds serious, Mike." "Well, sort of." His puppy-brown eyes looked guileless. "Maybe we can wait for you in the living room?" "All right." My mother looked slightly puzzled, but she came out into the hallway and moved on into the dining room, where a set of French doors opened up onto the deck. Her voice drifted back to us. "There's some sun tea in the fridge if you're thirsty -- " After she had disappeared I turned to Smike and demanded, "What the hell is going on?" "You'll see. But in the meantime, could you get me some of that tea? It sounded delicious." "You probably don't even know what tea is ," I muttered under my breath, but I went ahead and stalked into the kitchen and fetched a pair of glasses out of the cupboard, then filled them with ice from the refrigerator door and poured out some tea from the flowered glass container that was a permanent fixture in the fridge during the summer. Shoving Smike's glass into his hand, I continued on into the living room and sat down on the couch, hoping that choosing the larger piece of furniture over the love seat would give him the idea that I didn't want him sitting too close to me. Of course he didn't take the hint, but instead positioned himself only a few inches away. I couldn't shift my weight without worrying about my thigh brushing against his. "Use a coaster," I snapped. "My mother will kill you if you get rings on her coffee table." Without comment Smike leaned forward and picked up a coaster decorated with a copy of French wine label and set the glass of iced tea down on it. The whole time a tiny smile played around the corner of his mouth, and I knew he must have something horrible planned or he wouldn't have been smirking like that. I lifted the tea to my mouth and drank, but even though the cool liquid felt good going down, I barely tasted it. What the hell was he up to? What could he be planning that involved speaking to both my parents? My mother entered the living room, with my father just a pace or so behind her. He looked sweaty and mussed, graying dark hair sticking to his brow, the front of his faded polo shirt blotched with perspiration. Obviously he had been out back tending to the yard; he always got that irritated expression while doing "chores," although this particular task, as my mother always managed to point out, he'd brought on himself. "Mike, Sarah," he said briefly, before settling down on the loveseat next to my mother, who had just sat down as well. "Mr. Monaghan," Smike said formally. They sat there gazing back at us, my nice, normal, attractive parents, a couple who could have been the poster children for healthy upper-middle-class Southern California living. Really, the whole scene looked like something out of some Lifetime made-for-TV movie, right down to the carefully arranged Sheraton-style furniture in the living room. For half a second I almost expected some set designer to pop in and move the bowl of flowers on the side table a fraction of an inch to the left. "So what's up?" my father asked. "Not that I don't mind the break from the mowing, but -- " "Yes, Mike, why don't you tell them?" I asked, with poisonous sweetness. The suspense was killing me. Unruffled, he turned toward my parents, practically radiating friendly awkwardness. "Well, this is sort of tough, and maybe a little unexpected -- " "It's all right, Mike," my mother said. Her voice was warm and encouraging; years of teaching high school hadn't jaded her yet, and she had a knack of relating to kids our age and younger, a way about her that always affirmed that she was the adult without being remotely condescending. "You can tell us -- haven't we been practically family for years?" At that he smiled. "You're right, Mrs. Monaghan. Only now, well, I guess we won't be practically family anymore." He paused; only I caught the swift sidelong gaze he shot me, one of triumph. He couldn't. He wouldn't -- Still with that boyish clumsiness that somehow managed to be endearing -- if you didn't know what was actually motivating it -- he leaned forward and announced, "Last night I asked Sarah to marry me. And, well -- she said yes."