about the mountain. Specifically, it is about our King, and the creature he has taken as his Consort." "Ah, the Hobbit is not so bad," Bombur said. "Strange as he is with all his hair on his feet rather than his face, he is brave enough, and he is no more friend to Elves or Men than any of us." "He is friend to more than those." "This is about the dragon," Dori said, looking unhappy. "About the treaty." "Better to live with a dragon than be dead," Bifur signed. "Aye," Óin said. "That's the argument that was put to us. But don't you think you all accepted it rather quick? No fighting. No arguing. No looking for an alternative." "The alternative was being cooked ," Bombur pointed out. "You all know Thorin though," Glóin said. "Or at least, if you did not know him before, you came to know him over the months of our journey. If I had asked you even in Mirkwood if Thorin Oakenshield would accept a dragon under his mountain, even if the only other hope was a desperate and doomed last stand, would you have said yes?" As the other three considered this, he began to see the confusion and concern appear on their faces. The realisation that yes, perhaps there was something unusual here. Óin had accepted this already. It had been to his elder brother than Glóin had gone first, seeking assurances that his anxieties had some basis in reality. Glóin had always been prone to uneasiness in the face of success. But after some explanation, once Óin had taken the time to really think it over, he had become aware of it too. "Surely not!" Bombur said, sitting down heavily on an abandoned stool. "You think the little Lord would do something like that? Cast some sort of spell on all of us?" "There's another thing," Glóin said. "Why are you calling him that ?" "Well, he's going to marry Thorin isn't he?" Bombur replied. "They're going to rule Erebor together." "We don't call Thorin Lord," Glóin pointed out. "That would be absurd. King Thorin, when formality requires. Any title our burglar would need would be, as I understand it, Prince-Consort. Prince-Consort..." He left it hanging. There was a long silence. Faces creased in increasing confusion. "Why don't I remember his name?" Dori asked. "Thorin uses it all the time! But I can't..." "Bofur remembers," Bifur signed. "Thought it the usual for me." "Yes, Thorin uses it. Bofur has always been friendly with the hobbit. I suspect Fili and Kili might recall it as well. But the rest of us, who are not close to him." Glóin sighed. "There is a reason I only called you four here. Fili, Kili and Ori are too young to be involved in this, even were the Princes not Thorin's nephews. Bofur would not believe it, and though meaning no harm, might easily let something slip. You know what he is like. And Nori... well." He looked apologetically at Dori. "You know I bear your brother no ill will, despite his profession, but he is not what might be called reliable." "And Balin? Dwalin?" Bombur asked. He was running his fingers over the great plait-loop of his beard in nervous repetition. "Dwalin would take his brother's side," Óin explained. "And Balin, like the Princes, is too close to be trusted." "Then what do you want of us?" Bifur signed. "As yet I do not know," Glóin told them. That was the flaw in this meeting, but he had thought better it happen now then risk the power of this spell taking a greater hold on them in their unawareness. "One thing I want least of all is for my family to come here, but the Raven has already been sent to Dís, and if I were to send another I fear one of those dead Men might be suspicious enough to check it. I know some of Dáin's people are going to come here; perhaps the traffic of post will then be enough to chance it." "They may have already left by the time such a Raven arrived," Dori said. Glóin nodded. "So we must plan something else. Some way of dispelling the magic that has ensnared us all." "Wizards?" Bifur signed, although growling in displeasure as he did so. "Wizards means Elves and Men," Óin replied. Everyone made equal looks of disgust at that prospect. "Maybe we can do it ourselves, if we can get a Runesmith here," Glóin said. "One may come with Dáin's folk, or if not that, then I can make myself wait until Dís comes, even if my family comes then too. There'll be enough from Ered Luin that surely they will have a Runesmith." "Months to wait," Dori sighed. "How much will happen in months?" There was no reply to be made to this. None of them knew, and none of them had much desire to speculate about it either. For one thing, Glóin knew, those Mahal-damned dragon eggs would have hatched by then, and that was another problem he had no idea how to deal with. Would they still be small enough to kill without great loss of life? It had never been said if the wyrms were even intending to stay in Erebor. They might leave, go off to start their own hoards. If so, may they steal from the Elves, he thought, although it was a vain enough hope. Elves set little store in gold. "We must keep ourselves mindful," he said. "We must remember that this subtle spell is upon us, and not fall to its effects. We must keep ourselves strong, and recruit others to our cause from the dwarves of the Iron Hills when they arrive." The others nodded. There was no need for further discussion. They had said all that had needed to be said, and despite some popular opinion, dwarves could indeed be patient. Particularly when it came to holding grudges.