the pain came from, and wanted nothing more than to leave him in piece. But when he tried to remove his head from them, more hands appear from somewhere and clamped down upon him. Holding him in place. His eye finally obeyed his command to open, and instead of finding the sun and his sons clear blue eyes he was staring directly up into the roof of a tent. It was clear it was nighttime, as no light dacned through the canvas, but it was still plenty bright enough for him to make out a few blurry forms of those around him. "Pleas, My lord. You have to stay still. You have a bad head injury and we're attempting to heal it, but you have to stay still" Head injury? Is that why it hurt so much? "Where.." He tried to ask them where he was, but his tongue felt like lead in his mouth and refused to pronounce more than one word before it laid dormant once more. "You were wounded in battle sire, don't worry. You'll be safe" The king would have glared at the elf, had it not taken every ounce of will to keep his eyes open in the first place. He didn't care if he was safe or not, he cared if his son, Ava and Tzipora were safe. "Las.." "Your son is fine, my Lord. But please, you must rest" Resting sounded like a fairly pleasing option. … It was later than he probably should have allowed by the time he started leading the now tired threesome back towards home. He was certain Galion would have his head upon his return, but he was ready to face his butlers passive aggressive anger. He had contemplated leaving several times through the day, but had eventually decided against it and merely allowed the elfling to play until they finally tired themselves out and were ready for their beds. The three of them walked ahead of him on the trial, talking and laughing with one another over on thing or another. Occasionally glancing back at him to ask which way to go, or to shout some particularly strange sentence that had arisen in their conversation just to see his reaction. For his part, Thranduil was more than content to wander behind them and enjoy the forest and their cheerful voices. During the last stretch home they finally grew quick, apparently too tired to continue one as energetically as they had been. Thranduil smiled to himself, while they might be growing older with every day they still a few of the same habits form when they were just able to walk. The three of them had to speeds, full speed ahead and sleep. Slowly, Legolas dropped away from his friends and fell back to walk in step with his father, who adjusted his stride in accordance of the smaller limbs of his son. They continued to walk in silcne for a stretch before the young prince spoke. " Thank you, Ada. I had a lot of fun today" His sons eyes didn't meet his, and for a moment the king was glad for that when his throat tightened momentarily. Legolas was many things for a young elf, but free with his emotions was never one of them. Even as a baby, the only emotion he had showed clearly was his anger. But, according to several of Thranduils friends, it was only because he had inherited his father's tempter. " You are very welcome, my little leaf. I enjoyed today very much as well. I'm sorry I do not have more time for days such as this" " That's okay" Legolas assured him quickly, "It just means that when we do get to spend time together like today that its more special. That's all." Thranduil smiled down at his son and placed a hand on his shoulder, the closest thing a hug he was allowed to get, since Legolas' was 'too old' for such open sighs of affection. " That is very wise of you" " Must be from spending so much time with Grandesh" The prince muttered, sneaking another glance up at his father who stared at him with mocked shock and hurt. " I take you our for a nice day, and then you make fun of me? How rude" The king sniffed " Elflings these days" Legoals impersonated his father with a grin, and then bubbled with laughter when Thranduil narrowed his eyes at him. " You are getting far too good at imitating me, I think" The elfing shrugged, but kept smiling, "We should come back her again one day" " We will" " Promise?" " Yes" " Good" Then, Legoals stepped neatly over to his right and wrapped his arms around his father in a tight hug, before moving back up to walk with is friends. … .. The fire in his scull had changed from a burning inferno to the small, manageable, smoulder of coals. Probably due the frantic work of the healers he had snarled at earlier. Thranduil made a mental note to apologize to them later. "Good morning" A soft voiced greeted from directly to his left, and Thranduil turned his head to look at the source of the noise, wincing slightly at the moving of his head. Legolas sat on a chair beside his bed, armor still on and dirt stains still on his face, but his grin had slid back into is usual palace on his face. Making him look younger than he had yesterday night when Thranduil had first arrived into the camp. "Good morning, little leaf" He answered, raising a hand to tuck a few stray strands of golden hair form his sons face and behind his ear. "How long have I been asleep" The prince shrugged, "A little over a day, I thought about waking you. But you looked too happy to be woken." "Oh?" "You were smiling in your sleep" "It was a good dream"