towards her closet and opened the big doors. There was Eroborn's sword. Aeroniel looked at hesitantly remembering what Thranduil said as he gave it to her. "Although I would like to keep his sword and place in the hall among the Royal Guards, you may keep it as it was your fathers." She looked at the sword one last time before grabbing it. She snuck out onto the balcony and heeled over her right leg making her way down to ground level. As she quietly climbed down the balcony she landed quietly on her toes. She tried her hardest to creep down the halls that led towards the gate. She figured there would be extra security due to the previous incident, so she decided to not creep around them but rather confront them. She held her father's sword firmly and walked towards the gate. Nearly all the guards heard her light footsteps as they averted their attention towards her. "Lady Aeroniel, what brings you to the gate at this hour?" One of the guards asked. She looked at the guard, and then smiled. "I wish to visit the village. I have some unfinished business, if you would so kindly allow me to leave, I'll only be gone for a little." "I'm sorry Lady, but I don't believe I can do th-" The guard started. "Let her go." Another guard interrupted signaling at her father's sword. "She said she would only be gone for a little." The other guard nodded as he moved to make space for Aeroniel to walk through. "Hannon le ( Thank you )." She said quietly walking by. The gates creaked as they closed behind her causing her to look back. It was the first time in ages since she stepped outside the kingdom's gate. She turned back around looking towards the village. She walked about fifty steps only to stop at the border between the village and the kingdom. She stomped the ground making sure it was sturdy enough and looked around her surroundings. She drew out her father's sword out of its saya and looked at it as it gleamed in the moonlight. A flashback of what happened to her father flew in her mind as tears came out of her eyes. Her fists clenched around the sword as more tears dropped. "Aghhh!" She yelled as she thrusted the sword deep into the ground that only the grip and part of the sword shown as she wanted it too. That way people know it is the warriors that protect this realm… She thought to herself. She held on to the sword as she knelt down to her knees. She never had personal time to herself to grieve for her father so she sat there as long as she could, weeping all the tears she had. A pair of quiet footsteps emerged from behind her. A gentle hand laid on her shoulder as Legolas crouched next to her. "Niele… were you here all night?" The she-elf looked up at the prince not realizing it was almost dawn. "Oh, my… I didn't realize…" "Nay," Legolas shook his head. "It is okay. You needed this…" Aeroniel slightly smiled as she sniffed and wiped away the last of her tears. "Lets get going, shall we?" "Ahem, excuse me!" Napolde yelled at the two other guards that was tending on the journey. "Yes ma'am?" Beriadan spoke up walking towards her. Napolde huffed and puffed as she dragged her things toward their horses. She smiled at the sight of him. "Would you mind hoisting these up there? I can't seem to get them up by myself." She smiled sweetly at him. Beriadan shocked by her beauty, quickly grabbed her things placing them on her horse. Aeroniel walked down with Legolas and shook her head at them. "Napolde, you can't bring that much on this journey." Napolde rolled her eyes and placed her hands on her hips. "It has what we need to cook and sleep! Plus I brought my clothes with me! I heard there's handsome men that are attending this meeting." She whispered snickering. Legolas scoffed as he fastened his saddle. "That is why we have lambas bread. One small bite can fill a man's stomach." Napolde just stared at him then tended to her own horse. Napolde hitched herself onto Lenwe, her favorite steed. As Lenwe neighed and spun around, the King made his path towards them. Legolas met half way towards him as the two both placed their palms on each other's shoulders sharing their goodbyes. As the prince hitched himself on his horse, the King made his way towards the she-elf. "She is beautiful. Pure and light, like you." Thranduil smiled gently. "Thank you." "Aeroniel. I come with advice along with a farewell." The she-elf nodded in response. "I know you are in pain. I know you want to avenge your father, however I will tell you now that revenge will not satisfy the mind and heart. Do what you have to do, but always remember in the end, what your father would have wanted." "I understand. Thank you… Thank you again for letting me go." Aeroniel said softly. "I shall see you soon. Please come back with haste." The King smiled, nodding at the rest of the warriors. The horns of Mirkwood released as the gates began to open. Legolas kicked his horse gently and began to lead the group out of the kingdom. Napolde positioned herself next to Aeroniel. She looked at her best friend and gave her a quick smile. She whispered quietly, "Lets go on an adventure, shall we Niele?" Aeroniel looked towards the rest of the warriors quickly filing out of the gates and kicked the side of Lenwe, riding with the rest of the platoon. Author's Note: Hope you all enjoy the first chapter to the sequel of Fate to Love: The Fellowship of Revenge ! Missed being back on here, can't wait for you all to read this story! xoxo