At this statement, the members of the gathering turned to the window in surprise. "Well, thank you all for your presence," Aragorn continued, "You are dismissed." All stood and left the room as the king observed. When he finally was alone, he sighed in deep exasperation. He then slowly rose from his seat and made his way down the corridor, to his sleeping quarters. He opened two large doors of dark wood with the carvings of another age and entered his family's personal living room. On his right, there was a wall that graciously separated into close columns carved in the same fashion as thus of the entrance. This artistic separation stood to the back of a large leather couch that faced a massive fireplace that lit the room with a comforting luminosity. On the fireside sat a large shelf containing numerous books. The wooden structure reached from floor to ceiling, and on the facing wall laid Andúril, the blade of the king. Farther on the wall where the sword shown, a door led to the bathing room, which was aligned with the door of the bedroom that stood beside the bookshelves. Aragorn then took a few steps forward and turn to the right, opening the door to his and Arwen's bedroom. The room was filled with darkness but for the candle lit by the bedside. There, lying on the bed, was a pure example of beauty itself, reading calmly. The lady Arwen, now queen of Gondor, Aragorn's greatest love of his life. She had forsaken the serenity and freedom of her people for the man she desired, and forgot her blessed immortality to be by his side till the end of his days. The king's love for the lady Undómiel went beyond the reach of words. The very sight of her always made him speechless. He had the immense privilege of sharing his life with her and creating new ones, three precisely. Together they had raised a family of their own within the walls of the white city. First came their son, Eldarion, who was now a flourishing adult and a devoted captain of the guards of the city. Afterwards, Lostariel, their first daughter, was born. She was a woman renowned for the proximity she shared with her people and her hearing heart, full of compassion and devotedness for her people. At last, Valwen, third child of the royal family, saw her first rising sun, which was still incomparable to the light in her parents eyes at her arrival. Valwen was a young woman of great wisdom, even though her time on earth was unbelievably short compared to those who showed such a conscience. Her sight reached beyond the course of time, and her eyes could bare the very soul of those who met her piercing stare. "Meleth nin," began Arwen in her deep and soothing voice, "I believe it would be time for you to sleep..." Aragorn could not contain his joy at hearing his beloved's voice after listening to thus of his counselors for an elongate lap of time. "Indeed I believe it is. Just the sound of their voices was enough to tire me... I believe I will be deaf for the next days..." "Estel..." Arwen answered with false reprimandation. "Perhaps everything tires you... Meleth nin, I can see it everyday. Many things are troubling your mind and I believe that it would be time for you to rest your thoughts and step away from your duty as king for at least a mere day..." Aragorn listened to his wife's wise words as he laid down next to her, still dressed in his royal tunic. "You miss the wilderness and the freedom Estel. As much as you try to hide it for the sake of your people, it's grasp on you will not lessen." She then raised her hand to his face and slowly caressed his cheek before posing a smooth kiss on his upper lip. "Ai," began Aragorn while stroking her pointed ears, "what would I be without you?" Arwen smiled slightly before softly kissing her husband on the forehead. "Le melin Estel, Losto vae." "Losto vae, meleth nin" She turned on her side to blow away the candle and then laid down next to her husband, putting her head on his chest as he circled his arm around her lithe form while kissing her temple. She would not sleep, her kin not needing it, but she would stay with Aragorn nonetheless, cherishing every breath he took. Merely two peaceful hours had passed before someone came crashing through their quarters, seemingly in panicked hurry. Aragorn immediately woke, sliding his knife from under the pillow and positioning himself in front of Arwen. "ADA! NANETH!" She yelled while bursting through the door, a look of horror decorating her usually soft features. Aragorn instantly put his knife on the bedside table, not wanting to scare the young woman even more. "Valwen?" He said, inviting her to sit next to him. "Hush, just breathe, calm yourself, everything is alright." His daughter's breathing didn't lessen in the least and she shuddered as the images she had seen played again and again in her mind. Arwen then took her hands and softly raised her chin so she could meet her eyes. "Hush sell nin, what have you seen?" She asked, in a smooth voice with an undertone of apprehension and fear. Valwen then tried to take a deep and calming breath before opening her mouth and blurting out the words: "The void... Empty." For those who do not understand Valwen's statement (which probably is happening if you haven't read Tolkien's books), do not worry, everything will be explained. Elvish= Beriadan: Defender of men Mellon nin: My friend Legolas: Greenleaf Hir nin: My lord Havo dad: Sit down Estel: Hope Eldarion: Son of the eldar Lostariel: Blooming Valwen: Power maiden Meleth nin: My love Le melin: I love you Losto vae: Sleep well Sell nin: My daughter Arthon: Exalted male Nildë: Friend