shook off the feeling of despair and gazed into Elrond's eyes. "Father," he whispered. He meant to say more, but the words would not avail him at that moment. "Yes, I am troubled." "You have much to be troubled about," Lord Elrond said with a sage nod. "Yet I must tell you this: do not fear the roads ahead, for they will lead to places of both darkness and light. I know not what tax this journey will bring upon you, but you need not fear it. Mithrandir shall guide you, but you also will lead, though perhaps not in the same manner." Aragorn shook his head. "I do not fear the darkness or the Shadow," he said stoically. "I fear that which comes at the end of the roads which I must take." At this, Lord Elrond looked mildly surprised. "Surely you do not fear the Doom of Men, Estel," he said. "You have lived through long, hard years, and such fear must be behind you." "No: not that sort of end," Aragorn corrected, struggling with how to word his torments. "I only wonder of what is to come when the journey ends. If all that we hope for comes to pass, and the Ring is destroyed and I have returned to Minas Tirith, what shall happen then? For I have long been naught but a Ranger, and to become the King would make my life into empty days, repeating until the Doom of Men falls upon me. What shall become of the Line of Valandil? Shall it wither and die away as does a flowering plant when winter approaches? Shall I be the last of the descendants of Elendil?" He immediately rued his last words and wanted to blame the wine for his loose tongue. Why else would he have been so utterly impudent to Elrond? For it was his daughter, the fair Evenstar, to whom he was betrothed. But although Elrond's face was grave, it did not show any anger. "You have only the fear of a different life," he said. "For long years, you have roamed the lands and with false names served under different lords. If the Shadow is defeated for good, you shall give this life up. It will pass." Elrond's gaze seemed to pierce Aragorn's very heart. "As I recall, you had similar feelings on the day which I first spoke of your heritage," he said, and there was a trace of amusement in his voice. "You feared for others first, yes- and then thought of yourself. However, now that a new sort of life is to begin for you, you cling to the one that you once dreaded. You have grown to care deeply for your way of life, despite its faults, have you not?" Aragorn nodded, wondering what point his foster-father was coming to. "I have," he asserted. "Then, assuming that you survive this Quest and become King, there will come the time when the Doom of Men falls upon you," Elrond said, his voice almost detached from the emotions that his words brought on. Aragorn, as he had said, did not fear death, but still lamented the inevitable day when he would breathe his last. "When this time comes, however late or soon it may be, you will cling to your life." Aragorn straightened his stance, standing tall, frowning. "I have said that I do not fear the Doom of Men," he said, perhaps a bit too sharply. Elrond's expression became hard. "I was not implying that you are not brave of heart," he said firmly, with authority in his voice. "Yet I know that there will be a part of you that laments your inability to sail to Valinor, to be at peace in the Undying Lands.' These words hit Aragorn like a dull blade between the ribs. As a younger man, barely out of Rivendell, he had almost fantasized that he, like the Elves who had raised him, would too depart for Valinor one day, though he knew deeper down that he would suffer the Doom of Men- the Gift of Men, as it had been so ironically named. After a skirmish with Orcs in the Misty Mountains, which he had narrowly escaped in his youthful folly, the delusion had all but departed his mind. He exhaled abruptly. "I cannot speak more of this," he said stiffly, though the words were bitter on his tongue. Elrond met his eyes, his own never leaving his foster-son. Slightly unnerved by the wordless stare, Aragorn turned to leave the Hall of Fire, when he suddenly thought better of it. He turned back again and embraced Elrond tightly, resting his head on his shoulder. The Half-elf, though slightly surprised, returned the embrace. Aragorn felt almost as if he was completely safe, for the first time in many years. "Thank you, Father," he said softly, a lump forming in his throat. I must not weep, he thought persistently. Instead, he forced himself to speak again. "Yet I fear that we may not meet again after tomorrow." After a moment of hesitation, Elrond spoke. "I do not think it so," he said. "Nothing is certain, my son, but I believe that we shall meet again." Aragorn nodded, not trusting his voice as he clung to Elrond. This went on for another silent minute. Then they parted reluctantly. Elrond smiled, and Aragorn brought himself to smile back. His foster-father placed a hand on his shoulder. "You must rest soon," Elrond said. "For your journey will be long and perilous." "I shall," Aragorn said. Finally steeling himself to leave and return to his chambers for a last night of peaceful sleep, he left. Elrond remained in the Hall of Fire. Just as he was about to leave the Hall, he looked over his shoulder and called to Elrond. "Unlike the others, you know of what tomorrow shall mean to me," he said, barely loud enough for Elrond to hear. "I bid you a good night, Father."