and the talk began to fade to silence. It was then Aragorn came to her, at his side a She-Elf in beauty unsurpassed as she had yet seen. "I introduce to you, Arwen Undomiel, daughter of Elrond." Directing his words now to Arwen, he continued in the same breath, "This is Erebol, Druid of the Old Age." Arwen smiled kindly, coaxing out one of her own, Sindarin poured from her lips like a gentle stream, " The Valar has granted us your safe return to this world. Allow me to show you to your room and you might rest from your long journey to the haven of Imladris. " Rising from the bench slowly so as not to make a fool of herself, she chuckled lightly, returning her kind words, " I'll rest as I can, please show the way. " The She-Elf led her through the maze of doors and walls, coming upon a door already opened with several handmaidens inside. " These elves will help you wash and should you have need of anything specific, let them know and I will have it be done. " Her eyes roamed the length of the room, simplistic yet functional. A single bed next to the broad ledged window, a chest of drawers and on top of said chest a pack with several clothes folded beside it. Erebol willfully kept herself from blushing in shame, when she had to tell Elrond that she had come empty-handed with naught but the clothes on her back. A good host he was, and complaints he had none, but it was kindness she would be sure to repay. Erebol parted her lips to dismiss Arwen when her eyes caught the glimpse of metal. " A bow? Why would a bow be placed with my pack? I have no use for one." " Surely, along your journey you cannot expect to safely make passage? We gift you a bow to use as your defense. " Erebol gave a shaky little smile, her stomach churning at the thought of shooting something, " You misunderstand. It is not that I think I do not need defense, but more that I have no knowledge on the use of it. " The look on Arwen's face might have been comical had it not been due to her lack of ability. Faced before a She-Elf, she felt considerably useless. What good was her Sight when she could not hold her own against even a child? Elves boasted both knowledge and strength, yet why could she not do the same. The very thought of grasping a bow to kill had her hands trembling. Arwen's eyes drifted down the Erebol's hands, shaking ever so slightly. The Druid was afraid, but whether it be pride or shame that kept her mute, she could not know now. For the time being she would let the matter go, but she had heard of her father's intentions to send the Druid to their kin in Lorien, but in this state, she would have no peace of mind in sending Erebol to her sure doom. Slipping past her, she took the bow and satchel of arrows in her own hands. " I will keep this for you. Do not dwell on it now. Wash away your worries and the anxieties that trouble you. Rest for the night and dawn shall greet you a new day. " Arwen closed the door softly behind her, leaving Erebol in the room with the handmaiden. Said elf did not speak when Erebol looked to her, only motioning to a corner where the ground was depressed into two stairs leading to a tub filled with steaming water, the clear surface obscured by many flower petals of varying hues. She jumped when the elf began to undress her and she modestly covered herself before going down and hesitantly stepping into the water. Despite the steam, its heat did not scald her. Easing in comfortably, the handmaiden came to her side with a small basket of items. " You're name. What is your name? I cannot keep referring to you as 'handmaiden'. " As she smiled, the corners of her lips quirked up even as a dimple made itself known on her left cheek. " Coraer, daughter of Menelvidh, Milady. " Coraer set about cleaning her hair of twigs and leaves, wetting it and rubbing in a scented soap. As she did, Erebol worked on scrubbing the dirt from her skin. By the end, her hair was laying flat and tame whilst her skin, though red from the scrubbing, now shone paler than before, unveiled from dust and travel dirt. Clothed in a simple green dress, the fabric made her skin sing in pleasure as it was just loose enough to allow her to breath with a neckline that dipped modestly. It draped down to the floor, her toes peeking out from beneath the hem; she did not mind going barefoot, it always felt more natural. Having dismissed Coraer to sleep, she sat on the windowsill ledge, brushing through her wet hair for the first time since she had awoken. Below the surface of her skin, she could feel the weak, but steady, pulse that linked her to the Valar. She had long been absent from them and it would take much time before she could once more feel their strength in her veins. Setting aside the brush, Erebol made herself comfortable for the long night, soft whispered prayers echoing through the room, swiftly spoken in a tongue long since forgotten. I hope you all enjoyed this~ It's my first time writing a fanfic for LotR and I hope I did a good job. I encourage criticism so if you think Erebol is starting to turn Mary Sue, by all means tell me and I'll make sure I take better care. I'll be trying to keep up an update schedule, so you can expect the 2nd chapter to be posted up next week Monday. ~Chaux-De-Citron~