That is in itself a telling sign of the hour. I will leave you to your own mind." Legolas turned to leave and had almost reached the door to the hall when he turned back. "One more thing, Gimli. I suppose I do not have to tell you what I hope your choice may be." Gimli only nodded and then was left alone, a very confused Dwarf. After a while, he shook his head. He couldn't think in this hall. He needed the darkness of the caves, but those were now far away. Far away… would they forever be so? They would if his choice were to set sail. To set sail over the Sea… how a very large part of him longed for that! Never in his days nor the days before him had a Dwarf ever been offered such a gift. "Yes, and neither has a Dwarf had to sit in a hall and decide between Elves or his own kin!" Gimli spoke aloud to no one. What strange fate had led him to this hour? It could only be his joining of the Fellowship of the Ring and that he regretted not. That it had led him to such a complex choice he could not have foreseen, but he would have desired to be a part of it nonetheless. It was in the Fellowship that he had not only found honor in war, but also a new home and new friends more dear to him than any in Middle-earth. What was to become of him now, Gimli, one of the last of the Fellowship of the Ring? When Legolas returned hours later, he found Gimli just as he had left him, alone in the inner room, sitting with his head upon his breast in a chair too big for him. Yet now he seemed to be asleep. Legolas had barely touched his friend's shoulder when Gimli's head jerked up and he stared into the Elf's eyes as if caught unawares. Then his eyes softened and he said slowly, "I am coming, Legolas." Legolas' grin betrayed that this was the answer he had desired. "So may we leave this world together, my friend." So it came that when a week had been spent and Legolas had put all in order in his realm in Ithilien and Gimli had glanced his last at the shining city of Minas Tirith that the two remaining members of the Fellowship of the Ring boarded a broad grey ship that was to sail down the Great River Anduin. Looking back towards Rohan, Gimli gazed for the last time towards the realm where his precious Glittering Caves lay. Taking a deep breath and sighing with relief and resign, he turned from that sight and never looked that way again. His will was set and he would go forward. Legolas stood by his side as the ship began to drift down the river. The entire Elven realm of Ithilien had turned out to watch the passing of the Lord of the Glittering Caves and the Elven Prince of Ithilien. As the ship turned out of sight, songs followed it coming from voices fairer than any in Middle-earth. This one song Gimli heard above all others: The time has come For the passing of days Away fly the old To the calls of the gulls Fly, fly, the time has come Sail away beyond the Sea Come never more back to earth Let all hearts forever rest. The ship moved on its own. Gimli looked but could see no way by which it navigated the waters. More Elvish enchantments , Gimli thought to himself. Still, this one did not bother him in the least and he let it go. It was early morning when the ship disembarked and the gulls had obviously been early to rise, for the more they journeyed down the Anduin, the more gulls followed the craft. "Does it not remind you of when we rode in the Lady's boats out of Lothlórien?" Legolas was speaking. "Yes, it does," Gimli answered. For a moment, his mind was set back and he remembered when he took leave of the Lady. Three hairs… that was what she had given him. Legolas did not know it, but they were still with his friend. All these years he had ever carried them close to his breast in a hidden pocket. The river slipped quickly by. The Elven kin were not to be seen and men only stopped to stare who worked along the river at their trades. The last of the Fellowship spoke no more words until they reached the Mouths of Anduin. Then as the ship took one of the tributaries heading out to the Sea, Legolas stirred from next to Gimli and his excitement was unmistakable. "I shall at last be at rest!" he breathed. Gimli nodded. "Yes, at long last we will both have come to the end of our time." Yet, within, something spoke of regret, for he was born out of earth and Middle-earth was his home. The ship moved into the Sea and a great gust of wind come out of the East and bore them ever farther West. What they saw as they voyaged, no one can tell, or perhaps it is just that because words were few and memories heavy, no word of that time has ever come back across the Sea. Yet this it can be said: that as the grey ship of Ithilien sailed close to its destination there shone a light so bright Gimli's eyes would not have been able to shield it had they not already been changed as the ship sailed. In the light, Gimli son of Glóin beheld that which he had desired to see ever since he left Lothlórien, the Lady Galadriel herself, welcoming him and beckoning him on. At that moment, the Lady of Light before him and Legolas his true friend beside him, Gimli Elf-friend knew that he was home.