sharply. "But it is the path Merry and Pippin took there for it is the path we take." Aragorn fixed Gimli with a stare. The Dwarf sighed, "To Fanghorn we go." It was dark among the trees. Gimli gripped his axe tightly. Aragorn's hand seldom left his sword handle. Legolas leaned heavily on a stick they had found in the wood Gimli had collected to make a fire. The air around them was filled with whispering. The leaves rustled despite there being no wind. The susurrus reminded Gimli of conversations whispered behind closed doors deep in the hearts of mountains; it left the hairs on the back of his neck on end. "The trees are talking to each other." Legolas said in awe. They walked for a little time when suddenly Legolas yelled. "Frodo! Sam!" Legolas looked around him in shock; he had left the trees and was now standing in the midst of putrid lakes. The Deathly Marshes! He thought. He stared at the scene in front of him with fascinated horror. Frodo and Sam were a little ahead of him. Walking across a zigzagging path of islands. Frodo slipped, his foot sunk deep into the disgusting water. Sam grabbed his arm and pulled him back to safety. "Careful Mr Frodo." He said brushing dust of his shoulder. "Hurry hobbitses. This way." Said a rasping voice ahead of them. A thing stepped out of the mist, its body was grey and its staring eyes blue. The creature Gollum! What is he doing with Frodo and Sam? I'm hallucinating! That doesn't mean what I see isn't true . He watched as Gollum lead the group through the mashes. There was a scream from the air. It was the cry of the Nuzgul. Looking up Legolas saw the giant winged monster flying toward them. Astride its back was a rider dressed in black. "A Ringwriath…" Legolas muttered aloud. "This way Hobbitses! This way! Hide!" Gollum grabbed Frodo's arm and pulled him under a slime covered shrub leaving Sam to jump in after them. The Ringwriath lead the Nuzgul in low sweeps, flying over the mashes several times before flying away, soon it was a dot on the horizon. Aragorn and Gimli spun around when Legolas exclaimed. "Where?" asked Gimli. Legolas was staring dead ahead his eyes slightly out of focus. "Legolas?" Gimli asked. Legolas didn't respond. He just kept staring at something only he could see. "A Ringwriath…" he muttered suddenly. Aragorn and Gimli traded looks. "Blood lose?" Gimli suggested after a pause. But Aragorn shook his head. "I was afraid of this…" "Of what?" "The antidote has certain… Hallucinogenic properties…" The whispering grew in both volume and speed. A blinding light erupted to their left outlining a tall figure. Saruman! Aragorn drew his sword and Gimli readied his axe. Legolas was back in the forest. Both Aragorn and Gimli had drawn their weapons. Mithrandir! Thought Legolas, he didn't know how he knew but he suddenly totally believed that the man appearing before them was Gandalf. He didn't say anything in time to stop Aragorn throwing a knife at the emerging wizard. However with a wave of a glowing hand the knife was thrown of course where it fell to dust in the air. Gimli threw his axe with all his might. With another gesture it was sent away, deeply imbedded in a nearby tree. Aragorn's sword glowed bright red and Aragorn dropped it with a yell. At last the man stepped out of the light and the tall figure of Gandalf stood before them. Legolas smiled. "You are looking for two hobbits," Gandalf began, "Would it comfort you two know that they ran into something that they did not expect?" Legolas was back on the mashes. Frodo, Sam and Gollum were moving quickly now. The edge of the Marsh was in sight. Looming through the mist was the menacing shape of Barad-dur. Legolas hurried to catch up with them. He was back in the forest. No he was in the Mashes. "Hurry hobbitses!" Gollum called. Suddenly they cleared the Mash. Walking now on the hard rocks that surrounded Mordor. Gollum lead the Hobbits up a collapsed pile of boulders. Legolas followed them. Atop the cluster he could see all the way to mount Doom. The Incredible eye of Sauron turned slowly in its home at the summit of its tower, seeing all in Middle Earth. Bellow them an army of Orcs readied for battle. Sam and Gollum were arguing. "There is another way!" Gollum screeched. "A secret way!" "You never mentioned this before!" Sam retorted. "He's up to something Mr Frodo." Frodo wasn't so quick to draw conclusions. "You mean there's another way into Mordor?" "Yes Master. There's a stairs and then a… tunnels… It's a secrets ways to Mordor. Sméagol no lie Sméagol good to hobbitses." Legolas blinked. He was back with Gandalf, Gimli and Aragorn. "I've been hallucinating." Said Legolas slowly. Aragorn nodded. "I'm afraid the antidote is responsible, I have no knowledge of how to remedy it." Legolas hesitated. "What did you see?" Asked Gimli. "Frodo and Sam… They were nearing Mordor. Gollum accompanied them; in fact he seemed to be guiding them." Gimli raised an eyebrow. "Gollum? It must be a fiction!" Legolas shook his head. "No, I don't think it was." He gasped his eyes lost focus. "Legolas?" Aragorn asked before turning to Gandalf. "Gandalf?" he asked. "Do you think his right do you think what he sees is true?" "It may well be. Legolas is, after all, an Elf." Gandalf surveyed Legolas for a moment before continuing. "However he will be of little help to anyone if he cannot stay in one mind for any time." Gandalf raised his staff and, muttering under his breath pointed it at Legolas. Legolas blinked. "I am unable to heal you wounded shoulder but this should hold you here." Said Gandalf. "Should?" Gimli questioned. "Now!" said Gandalf as though he hadn't heard him. "We must ride to Rohan!"