ears. A hand was suddenly placed gently upon his shoulder, feeling like bricks rather than a gentle hold, and with a startled gasp Erestor's head snapped up, looking at Glorfindel with a surprised and scared expression. He had not expected worry and a slight flicker of care as he locked eyes with Glorfindel. Unwanted, a tear fell down his cheek and Erestor swallowed. For a second he worried his lip and with a shaky breath and painful heart decided he should admit his feelings and afterwards hope Glorfindel would leave him alone with his tears and broken heart. "I love you." He whispered and even though heartbreak etched even his face his voice sounded gentle, loving as he spoke of his feelings. Of course it hurt, but it was a feeling of freedom as well, to finally be able to express the feelings he had bottled up for such a long time. "I have done so for decades and have come to accept rejection." "Erestor..." Glorfindel smiled gently and caressed Erestor's cheek as if it were fragile china. Sad eyes, tinged with the slightest hint of anger, watched the Seneschal. "Do not pity or fool me, Glorfindel." He spoke in a shaky voice. "Your interest does not lie with Ellon." A small sob escaped him as he spoke, he could not help it. The situation was all too real all of a sudden and this pity he received was more than he could take. "I do not pity you." Glorfindel's voice was calm and as he spoke he squatted to the ground. He lifted Erestor's chin and looked him in the eye with a worried gaze. "I have watched you for a long time as you distanced yourself from me, from the friendship we had built and I worried for you. If I had known of this sooner..." Glorfindel trailed off with a soft sigh. Erestor, though devastated, frowned as it seemed as if Glorfindel was taking the blame for something no-one was to blame for. "What are you saying?" He whispered, voice hoarse from emotion. "I am your friend, Erestor, of course I care. I would not know who told you I do not care for Ellon, but that person was wrong. Yet I do find myself attracted to Elleth more often and have not laid with an Ellon ever since I arrived in Imladris. I –" "Glorfindel, what are you saying?" Erestor repeated his question, almost afraid of the answer. All this time, all this time he could have fought for Glorfindel's love and he had not known. "I cannot promise you a thing, Erestor. But come time, I may find myself looking at you with a look other than friendship." Glorfindel chose his words carefully and was excited as a small flicker of hope was visible in Erestor's eyes. "You are not saying this because you do not wish for me to leave for Lórien?" Erestor asked in a shaky voice. He knew the answer could be disappointing but he had to know. If Glorfindel meant what he said... Erestor closed his eyes and basked in the feeling of relief and hope as Glorfindel confirmed he was speaking the truth. Glorfindel was not in love with him, it was as he had anticipated. Yet he had hope, he could make Glorfindel love him. No. He would make Glorfindel fall in love with him, even if it cost him his heart. He had already lost it, had it broken and repaired. Taking another chance was perhaps something the Valar had graced him with. He would be a fool not to take this chance. "Erestor, you are crying." Glorfindel whispered, afraid if he spoke louder the moment would be gone. "I know." Erestor whispered and smiled as tears indeed rolled down his cheeks. He then sighed and opened his eyes. "Arwen will be delighted." That night Erestor dined with Elrond, his wife and their children in their private rooms. As he had predicted, Arwen had been delighted to hear Erestor would not be leaving Imlarids and the twins had curiously questioned if they had missed something. Erestor, in a better mood than he had been for a long time, joked because of their behaviour last night they would be denied their information. It was an uneventful dinner, joyful even. And when the children were put to bed Elrond had asked what had caused this sudden change and Erestor had explained. Both Elrond and Celebrian had been delighted, even more so when Glorfindel came by their rooms with the intention of drinking a pleasant goblet of wine with Erestor. Erestor knew Glorfindel sought his company that night because of the events that day. He realized it was perhaps slight pity his friend bestowed upon him and it would take a while for that to change. Yet he accepted that, he would gladly take that pity if it meant he stood even the slightest chance of catching Glorfindel's heart. That night they lay on top of Erestor's bed, as they had done many times before. Yet that was before Erestor had fallen in love with Glorfindel, before he had distanced himself and both were happy to have that moment back. That serene moment in which both laid on top of Erestor's blanket, holding hands to comfort each other. Glorfindel from his past, his death and rebirth haunting his mind still, and Erestor knowing he still stood a small chance, even though that could be questioned time and time again. And as he lay on the sheets, he figured that he did not know if he would ever hold the Elda's heart, did not know if Glorfindel's soul would ever call to his as his own did to the blond Lord. Yet he had the one he loved in his chambers, his bed and in his arms. For now, not knowing was enough. The End Translations: Anar - Sun Ellith - Female Elf Ellon -Male Elf Isil - Moon Peredhil - Half-Elven