his back. "Why have you been avoiding us then? If you were not responsible for my boots being filled with that confounded ithcing powder, why have you been acting so guilty?" Gandalf searched for eye contact, but none came. "Speak." Elrond commanded. "Why have you been running?" "Well," Legolas began "We did not have anything to do with the itching powder, but we did do something." Legolas kept his eyes trained on the ground. He could feel Elrond and Gandalf's eyes boring into him. "We put a big garder snake in Elrond's saddle bags." Legolas said in a small voice. Gandalf and Elrond glanced at each other and then back at the man and younger elves. "You four stay right here in that exact position until we come back." Elrond said as he followed Gandalf out the door which he closed hard behind him. No one had really moved from were they were on the step, everyone was trying to figure out why Gandalf and Elrond would be so angry at Legolas and Aragorn. The other two were Elronds sons, so maybe that could be a family affair, but what about the other two? It wasn't until Gandalf and Elrond exited the room a short while latter that everyone became silent and moved back once again. They made their way up the stairs and the looks on their faces implied that their minds were solidly made up about something. It was Merry and Pippin who had been standing in the back of the group. When they saw the wizard and Elf lord coming up the stairs they used all of their hobbit stealth in an attempt to sneak away undetected. But it didn't work. "Stop right there young Took, you as well Brandybuck." The hobbits froze. They barely turned their heads to see Gandalf coming towards them. "So, you like itching poweder eh? Since you like it so much, you can get some on your hands then and get that confounded stuff out of my boots." He took hold of the hobbits by the ears and took them inside to the bathing room where they would get some hot water to clean his boots. Elrond remained behind on the step, after Gandalf and the hobbits dissapeared inside all eyes turned to Elrond. "What is this about my lord?" Theoden asked. Elrond sighed heavily. "I never thought it was possible for an elf to get grey hairs, but I swear I will get some from those four." He spoke the words to himself but they were loud enough for everyone else to hear. Of course, this statement only caused more confusion. They did manage to come to the conclusion that 'those four' must be the twins, Legolas and Aragorn. They were still unable to figure out how the hobbits fit in or what the elves and ranger had done. Elrond went back into the room where he found his sons and Legolas standing still as statues, exactly as they had been when he left. "So, a snake hmm? First off, you can get that thing out of my saddle bags. Secondly, Legolas, you can help the servants clean the stables. Elladan and Aragorn, you two will to all of the dishes tonight. Elrohir, you shall clean the whole floor of the hall of Meduselde. You may go now, but you shall go find the servants to tell them they are either relived or having help tonight. But first get that snake." Aragorn went over and opened one of his foster fathers saddlebags and retrieved the large (for its kind) writhing snake. He held it by the tale and quickly walked out followed by his brothers and Legolas. Aragorn dropped the snake in some nearby grass and sighed. "Well, I'm not sure which we would have gotten in more trouble for." Elladan commented. "They were deffinetly more angry about the itching powder, but I don't think the punnishment would have been much different either way." Legolas said. "You're probably right. But I think that is not the end of things." Aragorn added as he looked up the stairs to the 'spectators'. Legolas groaned. No one was really anxious to explain these things. "Well, you and Legolas have known them the longest, and you are the youngest, so you get to explain whatever they ask." Aragorn and Legolas stopped and stared at Elladan. "Elladan is right, you two should be the ones." Elrohir agreed. This earned him glares. "Why us?" Aragorn complained. "I told you that, Elrohir and I are older than you and you know better how to speak to these people." Aragorn and Legolas tried but were unable to get any footholds in the argument. They finally gave in, or at least quit arguing, and since there was really no other choice or place to go, they walked up the steps towards the small crowd. Elladan and Elrohir walked past but Gimli stopped Legolas. "Legolas, what is going on? Why is Elrond and Gandalf angry with you?" Legolas stood there for a moment and grabed Aragorns arm as he walked by. "Lau le pol al (no you shall not). You are not taking off now." He whispered softly. Aragorn reluctantly stopped moving away and stood by Legolas' side. They both glanced around and everywhere met the questioning stares of their friends. "We are to do some help around here," Legolas began "we played a little joke and Elrond didn't take to it." "Gandalf was actually after someone else, still not sure who." Aragorn added. "That somewhat explains the hobbits leaving. Gandalf said something about itching powder. But why would you play something on Lord Elrond of all people? And the fact that it was you two is something else that suprises me." Theoden asked as he stared at the two questioningly. "It's compicated" was all the answer that Aragorn gave. He and the elf hurried inside before anyone else could ask anymore questions. "Well that didn't really explain anything." Eomer pondered.