does not dwell on that for I do not. I hope she remembers our love and not the unhappiness between us when I left. I hope she does not blame herself for those words. I understand them, I understand why she said them. I do not hear the Son of Elrond when he approaches me. I do not sense him, so entangled in memory am I. But when I do see him an anger flashes through me, sharp and brutal. Why is he here? Why does he spoil this, my last time with Maewen? What can he possibly want? I know he detests me and pours scorn upon me. Can he not just leave me alone? But he does not. Instead he sits beside me. "The sunrise nears," he says as if it is quite normal for us to speak when I know it is not. "I wonder if it will be the last one we see?" That takes me by surprise for is it not exactly what I was thinking myself just a short time before? "The sun will rise in Valinor surely," I say with a scowl upon my face. I do not need to discuss these things with him. " If we choose to go there." I had forgotten, until this very moment, the fact his path to Valinor is not a foregone conclusion. But still, I do not want him here and I resent every moment he takes my thoughts away from Maewen. "Why are you here, Elrohir?" I ask bitterly, "I know you do not like me. Do I have to spend my last hours listening to your low opinion of me, for I have better things to think of." He does not look at me, instead he gazes across the men assembled below us and I almost miss his next words. "You fascinate me." "What?" I must have misheard him surely. "I find that you fascinate me. I have never met one like you before." And I laugh for that is nonsense. "Have you not been to Lothlorien? There are plenty of my silvan people there." It is then he turns to look at me. "I have been, many times. They are not like you." "Then you need to broaden your horizons Son of Elrond, and come to the Greenwood. I am very ordinary there, I assure you." "I have not been to Mirkwood, that is true," he sighs, "but I doubt very much you are in any way ordinary there." And inside me the rage spills over. "Do not call it that," I hiss it at him for I hate that name they give my home and I will not speak it. "It is the Greenwood and ever will be. Do not insult my people or my home any longer for I have had enough of it and I have had enough of you!" He blinks at me in surprise at the viciousness of my words but he does not flinch and nor does he retaliate in kind. "Forgive me." The words are said quickly. "That was careless on my part, and rude also. I have erred much in my dealing with you and I do regret that." It is my turn then to be taken aback for I did not expect this. Is that why he is here...to apologise? "I have promised myself," he goes on, eyes boring in to mine, "that I will not go to my death holding on to regret. I will regret nothing when I stand before Mandos, Nothing! And if I did not follow you here, Legolas and act on this, oh I would regret it bitterly. I needed to take this chance. I need to see what your answer will be." "My answer to what?" I cannot remember him asking me a question at all. He reaches out then, fingers brushing across my cheek. There it is again. That touch that ignites me. It sears with fire across my soul, and I know, suddenly what it is he offers. "Your answer to this. What say you Legolas?" And his fea dances towards me. It is bright, sharp silver like a sword. Full of danger and excitement. I am lonely, oh so lonely, like a dying man in the desert, so long has it been since I felt an Elven touch such as this. I cannot resist it. I do not want to. It is not uncommon amongst my people to seek comfort from others in times of despair when the way ahead is dire and those you love are far away. It is different, this physical comfort, from the entwining of fea that love is. Maewen would understand this, she would know it for what it was. A beacon of light to give flight to my wings when life is at it's darkest. But Elrohir confuses me for the Noldor are not as we are. They bind their love within rules and customs. They cannot separate the physical from the heart. They love once and once only and they may not stray—though we would not even call it straying—I know this, I have been taught it. He should not be able to offer me what he does, a warriors respite, comfort simply for comforts sake. I remember then Aragorn complaining at length about the way I see his Brothers. "They are more than just the Noldor you see," he says. "You forget their Mother came from the woods, they have Sindar blood. You judge them to be something they are not." It is obvious now he is right for Elrohir has taken me by surprise and his offer is entirely Silvan. I have no more time to think on it then for his hand winds itself through the hair at the nape of my neck. He pulls me forward, breath hot against my cheek. "What say you, Legolas?" The fire engulfs me. The sea roars in my ears, His spirit drowns me, And I am lost.