hear the fallen one's mother crying for her child. She had held his hand then too. He found the darkness bleeding into his thoughts was easy to drown out with her light. It was easy to temporarily forget about the rest of the world when she was around, they could live in their own private one for a while. In a world where there was no war, there was no overhanging threat of death and heartbreak, where he was not a Prince and could run away from it all. Run away with her. Where he could tell her how he felt, and she could tell him. But he was not ready for the real world yet, and was happily living in their private one. This private world they had full of meaningful looks, clasped hands, and bright eyes. Eyes only for one another. Eyes that did not have to look upon evil things, and ears that did not have to hear it. Mouths that did not have to shout commands, but could whisper words. And so in their private world, he whispered. "I love you." The brush stilled in his hair where it was working out the last tangle, and was set lightly on the bed to his left. " "I know." She whispered back. He swiveled back around on the bed, turning to face her once more. He thought he ought to be embarrassed or ashamed of his words. But he had long since stopped feeling such things around her. She had seen and knew every side to him, and could probably read him better than one could read a book. Of course she knew he had loved her. "I love you too." He swallowed hard, not knowing if it was better to say it out loud or if they should have kept such things unspoken. But he had known how she felt, just as she had known what he had felt. Did words really make that much of a difference? "I know." But this was their private world still, this was not the real world. Not right now. Right now, they did not have to think about such things. They did not need to think about the peril they consistently lived in, they didn't have to talk about how many time they had already nearly lost on another. They did not have to wonder at the pain they would feel when Mandos finally claimed one of them, and left the other. Those were problems for the real world. He stood suddenly, and she did not back away from the spot she had been standing in to brush his hair. The pair were nearly touching, but were not. He swallowed hard again, would it be better to just wish her goodnight and pretend none of this had happened? But she was standing so close to him, just as they had been on that yule celebration. Her eyes stared into his with such warmth and love and trust. His arms snaked around her waist and pulled her close to him, like he had almost done at the yule celebration. Her arms wrapped around his chest as she leaned into him. He had not kissed her at the yule celebration. That was the real world, and such things could only cause him pain in the real world. But this was not the real world. He leaned forward and kissed her soundly on the lips. He pulled back after, wanting to kiss her again but wary of her reaction. He did not have to be wary for very long, her right arm moved form around his chest to behind his head and pulled im back down for a longer and deeper kiss. It simultaneously felt exactly as he expected and not like it at all. Warmth burst into his soul from her lips and rang through his body, he was filled with such a feeling of 'rightness' that it briefly chased the feelings the ridge top edged into his skin. She pulled back from him, and he pulled her against his chest. Holding her there strongly and securely, knowing she could hear his heart race with adrenaline but not caring. He kissed the top of her head, "We're in trouble." She nodded against his chest, holding him as tightly as he held her, "Yes." This could never happen in the real world, he knew. The pain world be too great, and every effort ounce of energy had to be directed at the darkness now. They could not afford such luxuries as this, could not afford a love that could shatter them. After she left his room tonight this time would become another secret moment their own world held, nestling 'I love you' between stolen glances and held hands. "What are we going to do?" The question felt right to ask, they had many choices to make. "We fight." The answer was simply, easy. But held and unspoken would fight, they would fight with everything they had until there was nothing less to give. And then give more. They world drive the darkness from the world, try and keep it from spreading until the could destroy it for good. They would give up their love, burry it the best they knew how. Lock away their secret world. Until the real world was safer for such luxuries. But they were not in the real world, not yet. He leaned down and kissed her again, channeling every surprised feeling and heart flutter she had ever given him. Right now he could let himself love her, just for a few more minutes. And then they would go back to the real world. And they would fight. … .. Thank you for reading, I hope you enjoyed it! (or at the very least didn't hate it, apparently I don't think anyone from the Woodland Realm deserves happiness) Please remember to leave a review! They're the best parts of my day, it such a gift to read them.