crime. Taking some parchment and quill, he began to write a long letter to his mother-in-law. It would seem that Celebrían was needed back at her place of birth. It would take some time to organize a trip, but time was what Elves had in abundance, so it was only a minor difficulty. Besides, wouldn't it be nice for the parents to see their daughter one last time before fate stuck and the Hall of Waiting called for the fae of Celebrían? That night, he burned the second smallest of scales, of a deep Topaz Yellow, that was as big as his fist. He murmured his wish into the yellow-grey smoke spiraling to the cloudless night. An echoing roar answered his prayer, a sound that none heard but him. — Scratch my back and I'll scratch yours: a saying that means "If you do me a favor, I'll do you one too." — The plan went without a hitch except for one small, teensy-weensy , detail. It wasn't a dragon that killed Celebrían but Orcs! Orcs that tortured her for days before his sons, now grow, tried their best to rescue her. And they nearly got killed in the process to boot! Elrond was furious when he saw them return, before turning sad at the sight of a body covered in a cloth. Even if he had never loved Celebrían, he did like her and she had given him three wonderful children. He would miss her, as they had spent a good portion of their lives together. Now, back to the matter of his sons. He had heard that the Orcs had killed both his wife and sons, yet here were the twins, slightly singed but perfectly safe in front of him. Sweeping the body of his wife off the horse's back, whom had carried her all the way, Elrond told them, "We will talk later as to how you survived. For now, I have to prepare her body for her pyre. Let someone check you at the House of Healing, for I will not loose one of you yet from even a small infection." The grim and grimy men, for they could not be called boys, nodded before following their father a small portion of the way. They were miserable that their mother had passed away, for all children and mother share such a bond that would never go away, but it wasn't devastation. How could they since their mother wasn't really present while they were growing up? It was their Ada who took care of them and Arwen, along with the hero Glorfindel and Counselor Erestor. Still, they went to get checked out and help their father in any small way they could. They burnt the body on a pyre a week from the rescue attempt. Galadriel and Celeborn present as they had joined Elrond at Rivendell once they had heard of the attack. And if Galadriel slipped a small ring that shone invisibly like a star during the ceremony, well, that was nothing but to comfort her grieving son-in-law. Much later, in the halls, the twins explained once more how they had been rescued by a dragon of yellow and gold. How it flew into the clearing, while they were surrounded by orcs and ready to die, shrieking and bellowing in great anger. It burned every orc to a crisp, sparing none from his wrath while still making sure that neither of the twins were hurt from his hot flames. The dragon, once its task finished, landed before them, sniffed them each twice, before bowing his head to each of them and leaped back to the sky. The body of their mother laying on the side, spared from the flames as well. Everyone murmured and wondered how such a thing came to be. The rumors stayed afloat for more than a century before quietly simmering down in the background. It stayed among the archives of tales told around a camp fire in the dark winter nights, but nothing more. Elrond was glad, since he had two of the three rings in his possession. He would give back Nenya to his mother-in-law, since he had no need for it, once he got Narya from Mithrandir's grasp. The question was: how would he do it? It was not like he could go kill the Istari, for as soon as he would do it, he would be striked down by the Valar for such a crime. So he thought and pondered and concocted many plans. It wasn't until he realized that his hand was resting on a small bag that he knew how he would get the Ring of Fire from the Grey Wizard, more commonly known as Gandalf the Grey. That night, he burned the last and biggest of his scales into the fire. It was as big as his palm and of shiny-gold color too. The smoke was gold-grey as it towered to the moon and her retinue in the clear sky above. "I would like for you to invade the biggest and richest dwarf mountain and stay and guard its treasure. It is yours to do as you please," whispered Elrond to the smoke and cackling twigs. The wind rustled in the trees as a dark shadow passed in front of the big white moon. Elrond smiled at the image he saw, before saying goodbye to his childhood friend. The next morning, he was informed that Erebor had been invaded. Not, it was only a matter of time before he could steal Narya, the Ring of Fire, from Mithrandir. He settled down on his throne, and waited patiently for the day to come. THE END Notes : Taken from the Sindarin-English dictionary I found on line. It may not be correct. Lhûg = Sindarin for "Dragon" or "Serpent" Peredhels =Sindaring for "Half-Elven" Gwanûr = Sindarin for "Relative" Ion = Sindarin for "Son" Thoughts and opinions, please? A little review wouldn't be bad. Fae = Sindarin for "Soul".