an old friend. "It came to pass that I grew to care for Elladan, Lord Elrond's son. I will not enumerate his qualities now -- no doubt you care little to hear them." Sauron made no reply. Taking his silence as tacit agreement, Lithiníel said, "Finally I found the courage to tell him of my feelings. To my dismay, I found they were not returned." How cold, how clear her tone as she said that! Even as the words left her lips, Lithiníel recalled the pain of that day, the look of sorrow which had passed over Elladan's handsome features as he tried to explain to her that he could not allow himself to be with any woman, that he had taken a vow to avenge his mother's torment by raiding against the orcs of the Misty Mountains until the day Mordor finally fell. Her face burned now as she recalled how she had tried to plead with him, to tell him that even for the Eldar the world was a chancy place, and they should try to seize their happiness when they could. Lithiníel hoped the dim light in the room would be enough to conceal her flushed cheeks as she dredged up those bitter memories, but who knew how keen the Dark Lord's eyes might be? Elladan had not listened to her pleas. That very night he had ridden forth into the wild once again; no one in Imladris paid his departure much mind, as he had done much the same for countless years already. The only thing of note about his disappearance was that he had left alone, and not in the company of his brother, as he was usually wont to do. Lithiníel knew, however, that this time he had left because he did not want to be around her. The days passed, and still he did not return. Although Lithiníel had tried to hide her torment of spirit, it did not take very long for her parents to realize something was amiss. When she had finally confessed, they were both shocked and disquieted -- very rarely did one of the Eldar develop feelings for another without those feelings being reciprocated -- but at length they decided that perhaps the best thing for her would be a change of scenery. Some limited travel still took place between the Elves of Imladris and their brethren in Mirkwood and Lothlorien; indeed, Lithiníel possessed distant cousins, relations of her mother, in Caras Galadon, where the Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn dwelled. So it was in her mother's company that Lithiníel departed Imladris, taking the southern route in the warmth of an early spring. They arrived some time later in Lorien, and her relatives took them in, rejoicing in their company. But Lithiníel found no peace of heart under the mallorns , or in the society of the sylvan elves. She took to walking alone, brooding bitterly over her wayward heart and the way she had flung herself at Elladan's head. And it was in the midst of these dark ruminations that she finally realized it would be better to not live at all rather than continue in such pain. From that bleak epiphany she went on to plan how best to end things -- sometimes one of the Eldar might will himself to die, but somehow that hadn't seemed like quite a dramatic enough gesture. Finally she stole out one night, and took from its mooring place one of the small, elegant boats the Galadhrim used to navigate the upper reaches of the Anduin. She knew the Great River grew treacherous, and descended in a great waterfall before continuing its southern course. All the better. Let the boat be broken upon the falls, and her body with it. "But that is not what happened," the Dark Lord said as she hesitated, the words that had flooded from her lips suddenly stilled. Lithiníel felt a shiver run through her, and replied, "No, apparently not. I had retreated far within myself, to a place where the outer world no longer touched me. Somehow the boat must have survived the falls, and continued down the river. I have no knowledge of that, or of where I finally came to rest." She looked up at him then, not sure whether she should be grateful that she could not make out the features beneath the deep cowled hood. "But I heard a voice in the darkness, and somehow made my way back to the world of the living." "It was my voice you heard," he said. "It would not do to have your spirit wandering so far away." If he thought she would thank him for that, then he was sorely mistaken. Better to have let her soul slip its bonds from the flesh that held it here in Middle Earth -- especially if she had lived, only to become the Dark Lord's prisoner. "Truly you are powerful," she said, and again found herself surprised by the mocking edge that had entered her voice. Perhaps some part of her merely wished to provoke him into making an end of things. But he refused to be baited. "Yes," he replied simply. All this time he had stood still, listening to her tale, but at last he moved forward until he stood next to the bed where she lay, so close that the edge of one dragging sleeve brushed against her coverlet. Lithiníel shivered once more. He remained there for a moment, regarding her in silence. Then he said, "But you are weary, and need to rest. We will speak further on the morrow." She opened her lips to say that no, she didn't feel at all fatigued, but even as she did so an odd languor came over her, a lassitude that spread from her shoulders and back all the way down to the tips of her fingers and toes. Blackness washed over her, and she at last sank into the oblivion she had sought.