never about black wolves with giant fangs." Arwen said while she picked up the book that Legolas had been reading in to see if she could find something in there. "How many books have you had by now?" She asked her father. "I'm going to get started in my third book, but I haven't found anything so far about those creatures." He answered but did not look up from the last pages of the book. "This book said something about those grey wolves and that they indeed live high up in the mountains like I remembered. It also said when these wolves would be at the foot of the mountains that there would come a very bad and cold winter. I can't say if it's true or something that you have to believe in." Arwen said after some time. "I don't know if I would believe that either. It's a very long time since the winters were so cold, but I cannot remember anything about wolves who would bother us, here in Imladris at least. However, it still could be true, as it even gets too cold for them. Maybe those black wolves could be family from those grey wolves or wargs and from orc wolves that had survived." Elrond looked up from the book and closed it. "It's going to take me at least two weeks to go to all the books we have and the chance I find something is minimal." "I'll help you searching, and if we do not find anything in those books I could still ask Aragorn if he has books or knows something about them. We also could ask Elladan and Elrohir if they also would like to help us search." "That is a very good idea about asking Estel, if he is not too busy to help of course." "Tomorrow I will send him an owl. I ask him if he has time to look in all those books, otherwise I will ride to Minas Tirith and go search for it myself." Arwen decided. "If you have to ride, I do not hope so, you will not ride alone." Elrond agreed with her. Arwen picked up a quill and picked up some parchment. My dear King Elessar, I, Arwen ask you, if you have time to look for me in the library for black wolves with big fangs. Here in Rivendell I'm searching for the same thing with my father. If you are too busy to search please send me a letter back, because then I will come myself to Gondor to collect books and search for those creatures. Thank you, Arwen. When Arwen finished her letter, she rolled it and with a little piece of robe she attached it to the foot of a little falcon and opened the window. "Go to Aragorn, king of Gondor." She whispered to the bird before it unfolded its wings and flew in the darkness of the night. "Hnnon-le, Arwen. Go to bed, tomorrow is another day we can search for those beasts." "I will, adar but why are you searching so badly on those wolves? Legolas is still alive and well here." "He indeed is but something is worrying me, I can't lay my finger on it. That is why I'm searching as also the meeting of Legolas with those strange creatures is worrying me." "Is it Legolas you're worried for?" Arwen asked and for a second worry married her fair face. "I think it is." Elrond confessed. "He looked indeed some pale, and he normally loves the food that's served here." "But we all know he is too stubborn to tell us he does not feel all right." "You think those wolves did something more than hurt his arm?" Arwen asked concerned. "I don't know yet, that's why I'm looking for more information." Elrond sighted and got on his feet. "I hope we hear soon enough from Estel. I bid you a good night, tomorrow we will continue." He said and took his leave to his private quarters. "I do hope so. Good night father." She said and also took her leave to her own rooms to get some rest. -So hi everyone! I hope you liked it so far... I hope you'll going to give me a review if there are any defaults I'd like to know, and also other things like ideas! I've seen all the movies and read two of the three books of the One. The Hobbit is also on the planning, but my book is actually way to pretty to read cause it's a collector's edition. I also would love to use more elvish words in it, but it's really hard to find good transcriptions. Then you have grammar to look for... (It would be so useful if a translating device like google would recognize Tengwar as an official language!) Before I forget: I'm a dutchy soooo sorry for spelling and grammar defaults. Characters are from J. R.R. Tolkien (Beren) so I do not owe anything. Updates will come slow if they come because I'm really busy with my school and being fanatic on my flute! Ps. I love facts, so hope I can tell you some you didn't know already! This chapter may be updated a few times if reviews come along. words in italic is either a dream or a letter. I'd also note that I tried my best to make it fit as best in the story's although it might not be... - 28/06/16 completed updating, so far. I can proudly announce that without all my way to long autor notes my story is 50.000 words long! yay! Dictionary: Hir - Lord Adar/ada - father Hannon-le - thank you Penneth - Younger one Imladris - Rivendell Estel = Aragorn, these are two of the many names he has (Dúnedan, Strider and Elessar are three more names.) This name he got as a young boy when he lived in Rivendell and Elrond took him as foster son.