He said, looking down at the bewildered girl with immense sympathy. He gestured to one of the armchairs before Elrond's desk and gestured for her to sit, as he did the same. Elrond took a calming breath, Niamh guessed this would not be the quick meeting she had hoped for, and she was already trying desperately to ignore his ears, as they were so pointed she wondered if they hindered his hearing at all. "How much was told to you of your parents, Child?" This caught her off guard, Niamh had expected to have to listen, not to speak herself, and she did not trust her voice not to portray her fear. "Only that they left me," She began timidly, pausing to decide how much she should reveal of how it had affected her. A sudden anger filled her thoughts, eighteen years of feeling unwanted and forgotten bubbled to the surface, spilling into her voice. "They left me on a doorstep in pouring rain; they didn't even bother to check if the porch was open or ring the doorbell." She took a deep breath to reign in her emotion. "I wasn't found until the next afternoon." She ended quietly. Gandalf seemed most moved by this; Niamh could feel him becoming more protective over her just by his expression of pity and vengefulness. Elrond, on the other hand, wore an expression of tranquillity and merely nodded in acknowledgement. "Yes well, that shall be the starting point of our explanations, but before we begin I must ask that you do not interrupt and to bear in mind this has all been for your own good." Niamh must have looked about to argue as Gandalf put a reassuring hand to her shoulder, "Please listen," He urged. Niamh bobbed her head once in defeat. Elrond began to recount the tale of how and why Niamh was sent away. "It was in the days before relationships between our kind-" "Our kind?" Niamh muttered without thinking. After her outburst, she expected to be reprimanded, but was surprised by his apologetic smile. "Forgive me, young one. Our kind - and indeed your kind - are Elves." Shock settled upon her before giving way to disbelief. This simply was not true, there was no such thing as an Elf… Although, it would explain the ears… No. These people were tall, proper Elves were tiny and worked in Santa's Grotto making toys, did they not? Elrond, to his credit, gave the young girl a moment to digest this new information and waited until he was sure she would not speak again, before resuming. "It was prior to any kind of relationship between Elves and others being tolerated; your mother became obsessed with creatures known in the Common Tongue as Hobbits. These Halflings were then but a legend to our kind, no one had seen one and yet there were sung many a song of them." The Lord paused. "Your mother prided herself of knowing all of them," He said conspiratorially, if he had thought to entice a grin from the girl, he was mistaken, Niamh held his gaze steadily, exuding almost as little emotion as Elrond himself. "Your mother claimed to have found an entire population of them in an area now known as the Shire. She resided with them until she received a call to home, she could not refuse." Elrond and Gandalf shared a knowing look, before both glancing at Niamh. "She returned and returned to us heavily with child, proclaiming that a humble Hobbit was the father." Great, Niamh reflected, not only was she of Elven blood, but also part Hobbit, whatever that was. "The father, your father, could not enter Rivendell; Hobbits were mistrusted for their ways of remaining unnoticed." Elrond caught her eye, "Not to worry that is changed since. At that time there was discontent amongst the people and when your birth came, she was forced to give you up." Another pause. "You see, there was a faction whom wanted you purged, the thought of a half-breed becoming-" He stopped himself. Niamh's eyes flashed, being called a half-breed did not sit well with her, as Gandalf could tell. He thought of preventing her from any offensive action, but decided not to, Elrond had insulted her after all. "Half-breed? Half-breed!" She spat, now standing. "I thought you said things had changed!" Elrond gaped, grasping for words, only to be rescued by Gandalf, who once again placed a hand on her shoulder to calm her. "My dear child, I'm sure he meant no offence." He gave the Lord a severe glare. "Of course not." The Elf stuttered. He had not thought the phrase to be negative; it was how he would describe anyone of two Races. Gandalf intercepted before the Elf could accidentally offend the girl any further. "Indeed. As it was, your mother had no choice, in her position it was improper for her to have a half-elven child. It would have been very dangerous. For both of you." Niamh thought this over. "Why would it have been dangerous, Gandalf?" It sounded an odd name coming from her mouth. "Because, Child. At the time, a group of your people thought to destroy you, it would not do to have a Halfling like yourself on the throne, and therefore you could not succeed her." He brushed his knee as though he were ridding it of some invisible dust. Niamh was thoroughly dumbfounded. "But I would never succeed her, you mentioned it yourself, you have a Queen." Gandalf nodded, smiling empathetically. "We do," Niamh sighed in relief. "It's your mother." Gandalf informed her, clearly anticipating her reaction. Niamh was no longer relieved. "So you're telling me that my mother was called-" "To the throne, yes." He nodded as he finished her sentence knowingly. Gears turned in her confused mind, cogs almost refusing to slot together coherently. "But that would make me…" "You are The Lost Princess of Rivendell." It was about then that Niamh passed out.