snowdrifts. They were small, nothing exciting, but he was bored. It was no fun playing by himself. He wanted his brother to be outside with him. Sighing, he kicked at the snow unhappily. Silently, Elladan continued in his current direction, not really aware of time or anything else. He fingered his cloak in annoyance. Elladan wasn't cold, so he didn't understand the need for it. Frowning, he glanced around him in excitement, there was no one around so who would notice if he took it off? With quick fingers, he unclasped the cloak and placed it on a small log. Freedom from the heavy thing, Elladan trudged through the snow, giggling as his feet slipped on a harder piece. Dropping to his knees, he brushed the snow aside to notice some ice under it. The little pond on his right wasn't frozen, but the little patch of ice under him was. He stood up and stepped on the ice, feeling happy as his feet slipped again. Getting bored with skidding on the ice, Elladan walked away from it to the little pond. The edges were frozen, but the middle wasn't. He poked his finger into the frozen part of the water and it remained intact. He dug through the snow around him searching for a stone, and found one. Throwing it into the pond, he watched as the thinner pieces of ice broke away from the impact. He knew water was dangerous in the first snowfall, the blue liquid being very cold, and not frozen. Elladan wondered when the pond would be frozen enough to wander out onto it. Sighing in frustration, Elladan stood and walked away from the pond. Kicking at the snow again, he made his way up a slight incline to his left. Looking down it, he tilted his head slightly thinking rapidly. Grinning with a sudden thought, Elladan ran back to the shed that had been built in the fall. Inside he knew there were boards placed together with the bottom covered in metal. Pulling at the heavy item, he pulled it with great effort up the incline, and sat down on it excited at having found a new thing to occupy his mind. Kicking himself off the hill, he gave a loud whoop as he slid down the hill speedily. Flushed with elation, Elladan skidded to a stop at the bottom and pulled his sled up the hill again. He was finally bored, with his sledding quiet a while later, and sat on the log where his cloak was, sighing, Elladan stood up and wandered off towards a small field. It lay near a patch of saplings that had been planted that summer, and they were still small seemingly happy to huddle together in their new life. He knelt beside a sapling and fingered it. It seemed the small twig shivered with its own excitement; he felt a grin spread across his face. Sighing again, Elladan stood and raced through the field swinging his arms around twirling in circles. He tilted his head back closing his eyes as he did, happy that he could feel the cold air on his face. Elladan stopped spinning and tried to catch himself as he plunged to the ground dizzily. Giggling, despite himself, Elladan finally got his bearings and stood up. He noticed the sky turning dark, and he knew it was time to head home. Quickly racing back to the log that he had put his cloak on, he fingered it, and placed it back around his shoulders. Running down the path, Elladan slipped into the trees quickly. It was a short cut he and his brother had found that fall. As he ran, he realized how late it really was as the sky darkened even more. Wincing, he knew his parents would be upset at his long absence, and he hastened his run. Carelessly he ran, jumping over branches, and rocks that had scattered the path, and his foot hit a hidden rock causing him to let out a startled yelp as he fell down in a heap. Pushing himself up, he got to his feet and felt a twinge in his ankle. Sighing, he ignored it and ran onward. It was not far now; he could see his fathers home in the distance. Elladan didn't realize how far he had wandered. Snow began to fall again and Elladan stopped looking upward smiling. The dark clouds above him caused his smile to fade however. They were dark menacing clouds, black and angry. Frowning, Elladan stopped. Shaking himself out of his thoughts, Elladan ran even harder towards his fathers home, knowing that a storm was brewing, as the snow began to fall harder and thicker, flying aimlessly around him. Elladan stopped as the snow flew up around him even harder, causing him to loose sight of his home. He started walking now, knowing that if he ran carelessly, he would get himself turned around in the flurry of snow, and could easily get lost. The child trudged slowly, remembering his fathers words, 'remain calm, keep your head low and listen for sounds around you.' Elladan did just that. He slipped and fell a few times, and he shook his head, hearing voices in the distance. Grinning, he followed those voices knowing he was near his house. He lifted his head, and looked around seeing only a flurry of white. The sky had darkened even more, shedding everything around him in a deep grey. Breaking into a run once again, his ears perked listening to the dim voices. He slipped and fell heavily on a patch of hidden ice, growling, he stood up again and took a step. The snow beneath him suddenly gave way, and he pitched forward with a startled cry. His hands grasped at the snow trying to break his fall, but he plunged downward, and as he fell he felt his head crack against something, knocking him into a void of colours and then blackness.