their lungs nor the searing pain in their throats." The dancing flames flared brighter as if in response to the quietly woven words. The light bathed both Elf and Hobbit in gold. "But above all, Master Baggins, the author would not know what it is to stand infront of such a monster and to know that they and they alone must destroy it. The author would not understand that terrible fear – the knowledge that failure will result in death not only for them but for all they love too. They would have no way of knowing how it feels to stare up up up into the face of a tortured Maia, trying to stay standing against the force of beating wings, and grasping the already-charring hilt of a burning sword. There is no way to write down the feeling of armour glowing red with heat, pressing down to burn the wearer rather than offering protection. No way to explain how it feels to stand there in flaming clothes and burning armour and knowing that there is no one else. No one at all to offer assistance. Just a lone warrior, knowing he faces death." Glorfindel looked down at the horror-struck hobbit, firelight playing across his face. "Could any scribe truly apply that to paper and have their reader know what it is to stand before a balrog?" Bilbo stared at him, open-mouthed and his mind filled with the vivid imagery the Elf had painted. Sting lay loose on his lap, forgotten for the moment. He had never encountered such a description before. Of any creature. It was not someone conjuring up a picture from their imagination, nor retelling what they had heard from another. What Glorfindel had spoken of was of real experience. It was the voice of one who had faced those horrors and had to live through them. "You speak as one who was there…" He said slowly. "As one who has faced up to such a monster. How can that be so?" Glorfindel looked back to the fire, his voice soft. "None who have faced a balrog lived long after. However, I was brought back from my final rest after I fell." He lifted a hand and curled his fingers and small flames appeared across his skin, dancing obediently on his palm. "I faced the horror, slew it as I was slain and then was returned. I alone am one who remembers what it is to thrust a blade into the belly of a balrog even as my arm is burned off in return." "You were in Gondolin?" Bilbo stared at the conjured flames the Elf held so effortlessly. There was no evidence of pain or ill effect. "I was the Lord of the House of the Golden Flower." A small smile returned to Glorfindel's face. "And I wielded the blade Orchrist." There was silence between them for a few moments – the singing and laughter from the rest of the hall muted. Bilbo's mouth hung open as he stared up at the Elf, awe and shock warring across his face. The tame flames were dancing on Glorfindel's palm like a child's pet snakes and when he moved his hand they moved accordingly; skipping across his fingers. "I…I had no idea that any still lived from those ages gone by." The hobbit finally managed to stutter. "There are not many of us, it is true. The Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn of the Golden Wood are such as I, and the King of Mirkwood is older than he would have most of us believe." The Elf closed his hand and the flames vanished. Without them it suddenly appeared darker, although they had been too small as to have had much of an effect on the surroundings. "Those ages were filled with as much tragedy and pain as they were with splendour. It is right that they are remembered, but also right that they should be put to rest." He gestured to the sword that lay forgotten on Bilbo's lap. "This is a new era, Master Baggins, and new eras do often require new names. Sting is an admirable one. Ecthelion would have approved; he ever hated the name it was forged with." Bilbo laughed, hefting his small sword again. "I am glad then." He buffed it with his sleeve, before glancing up at the Elf once more. "I thank you for taking the time to talk to me, Master Glorfindel although I fear I may not sleep soundly for nights after that harrowing description you wove." Glorfindel laughed. "You have faced dragon fire, Master Baggins; I believe a tale of Balrogs and war will not keep you awake." "And you do not regret that you will not wield Orchrist again?" "I believed that blade lost for millennia, she belongs with the warrior she last served and I hope she did her duty by him." Bilbo recalled his last memories of Thorin in the final battle before the mountain, of seeing the proud Dwarf king magnificent in his fury as he took down foe after foe, his sword gleaming like starlight. It was an image that would never fade from his mind in all his years. "She did her duty." "As did yours, no doubt." There was a strange sheen to Glorfindel's eyes as he once more glanced at Sting. "And she will again. That little sword has not seen the last of its battles, Master Baggins." "How can that be so? I certainly do not plan on having any more adventures!" The Elf laughed. "I don't doubt it. However, Sting's tale has not finished yet. In your hand, or perhaps another's, she has a greater story yet to weave, and lives yet to save." And so it was, years later, that those words rang through Bilbo's memory once more as he watched his nephew pack for an adventure that promised danger and excitement. And he passed the short sword over, telling Frodo her name with pride.