with vodka and gummi spiders. Only a few people talked to me all night. I'm not sure if it was because they were intimidated by my awesomeness and political power or because they didn't get my costume. I was dressed as the four basic food groups. Elrohir helped me make it out of an old duvet cover, construction paper, and clingfilm. I had wanted to be Fingolfin, but I couldn't find the Ringil I made in props class. When I got home, just before midnight, Elrohir and Taleryn were heading out to a party of their own. Taleryn was wearing a Playboy Bunny costume. She didn't seem embarrassed that I, her boss, saw her in it (climbing into my former car, no less). Elrohir was wearing cowboy boots, ripped jeans, a shiny gold tank top, a knee-length leather jacket with a skull made out of masking tape on the back, a fedora, and an eye patch. I had to ask what he was supposed to be. "A zombie pirate," he answered. I said, "Oh, right," and pretended I knew what he was talking about. To tell the truth, he looked more like a novice trailer park vampire. They didn't come home until twenty after four. I know this because I was watching Evil Dead 2 on the big plasma screen when they came in and told me to leave because Event Horizon was on channel 46 at four thirty and they wanted to watch it. I had to finish watching Evil Dead 2 on the 13-inch television-video combo in my bedroom. It seemed so small and inadequate in comparison. October 31st Today at work there was a costume contest, pot luck snacks in the twelfth floor lunch room, and inter-office trick-or-treating. Of course I knew nothing about any of this, so I showed up in my regular dumb work suit with no snacks and no candy to give out to my co-workers. People should TELL me these things! I obviously missed an important memo, because even the new interns knew what was going on. After having to turn two devastated city councillors and the Minister of Justice away from my office with no treats, I decided I'd better get with the program. I ran down to Super Drug Mart where I bought a cheap Dwarf costume-in-a-bag (rubber helmet, plastic axe, nylon beard) and two boxes of orange-filled Oreos for the pot luck. They were out of boxed treats, but in that moment I was inspired. I ran all the way to Beer Land on Fourth Avenue and bought as many miniature bottles of Bailey's as the stock room could give me. The spotty desk clerk asked me if maybe a few big bottles wouldn't be a better value, but I explained that the little bottles were for trick-or-treaters. He gave me a frightened look. I almost added, "At the office," but thought better of it. Him thinking I'm giving alcohol to kids is a story to tell his friends, but him knowing I'm actually using it for party-like work purposes might be a story to tell one of those anti-government newspapers. People already think government workers waste enough time and money. I don't need word of this foolery getting out. Anyway, work was better than usual by virtue of the fact that nobody was working and the whole building was in chaos. The civil servants' union leaders all got together to decorate the Receiver General's office with toilet roll while he was down trick-or-treating in the mail room. As a result, I was afraid to leave my own office, so I collected no candy. But it worked out well, because word of the miniature Bailey's bottles quickly spread, and by noon the line to my office door was backed up as far as the elevators. My supply was depleted within the hour. I made the last few people sing for their alcohol. One of the Junior Ministers knew all the words to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles theme song; she was wearing a very well-made Shredder costume. I had to borrow Lindir's camera to take a picture, because I knew this was something Elrohir would appreciate. At three I went down to the lobby for the costume contest (taking care to lock my office door- no toilet roll for me, thanks), wearing my crappy Dwarf outfit. Luckily, most other people were also wearing cheap drug store fare (Nazgûl, Orc, Hobbit, Lothlórien chamber maid, rubber Balrog mask), so I fit in fairly well. Shredder won third prize. One of the janitors, dressed as Duff Man, took second, and first prize went to a group of three secretaries dressed as anime schoolgirls. Personally, I liked Duff Man better, but the judges were all dirty old men who leered openly at the anime girls' prominent boobs, short skirts, and pink wigs. And that was about all the workish fun and excitement I could handle for one day, so after the costume prizes were awarded I raced home as fast as I could (not that I could go very fast at all with everybody slowing down when they saw my cop-like grandpa sedan) to help Elrohir get the house decorated and the pumpkins carved in time for non-alcoholic trick-or-treaters tonight. Elrohir had stopped by the Safeway and picked up far more candy than we could possibly give out to a thousand or more kids, and two pumpkins. I didn't even try to interfere with his pumpkin artistry. I just hollowed the dumb things out for him. He's not very good at pumpkin hollowing. He always leaves the little stringy bits that catch on fire. Now our front window has a Balrog pumpkin and a Sauron pumpkin. I hope they work to frighten some of the kids away. I don't really feel like answering the door much. And I'm enjoying the candy too much to want to give it away. I've already finished off seventeen miniature Kit Kats and two handfuls of foil-wrapped chocolate eyeballs.