just as we had done the night before. I found it amazing that I could have been holding him like this then, if only I'd been willing to speak sooner. But I could not find it in myself to be sorry things had gone as they had. Indeed, I could have been sorry for nothing at that moment, save the moment's end. It was odd though, that this did feel so much as it had been, only better. It was as though something more should have changed, but in all honesty it hadn't, and didn't need to. After a time we fell into silence, staring into the fire, occupied with our own thoughts. I don't think a horde of goblins could have made me move just then, so comfortable and content was I. Move I finally did though, turning my head toward Bilbo as I felt a tickle at my hair. "Stay still," Bilbo said firmly, and so I did, waiting until I heard a small sound of satisfaction. Then I felt warm lips against the side of my neck. "There it is," he said against my skin. I wondered what he meant, but soon didn't care as his tongue traced patterns upon me. I sighed in pleasure, tilting my head to give him better access. After a few moments, he drew back and I turned to look at him curiously. He smiled, his eyes dancing with mirth. "I though there had to be a neck under all that hair somewhere, but I decided I'd better make sure just the same." I suppressed my grin with some difficulty. I wanted him to continue doing what he had been doing, but I couldn't let the teasing note in his voice go unanswered. "Do you have some objection to my beard, master Hobbit?" I said, gravely as I could. "Well," he said, striking a thoughtful expression. "It is rather scratchy, and it does get in the way a bit. No Hobbit would put up with such a thing, for you see it's just not very neat and tidy." He nodded his head slightly as if to emphasis the point. My lips twitched, but I managed to keep a straight face and answered him in as dignified a tone as I could muster. "I'll have you know, that among Dwarves a long beard is not only a sign of age and wisdom, but also a sign of virility. Only a child or a woman would be without one." That amused him greatly. I saw his shoulders shake with the effort to keep the laughter in and it was a moment before he could answer. "Oh dear, I thought things were going too well. For I fear you are in for a bit of a shock if you've taken me for a lass all this time!" It was all I could do not to laugh out loud. "Are you suggesting," I growled out, valiantly trying to keep the laughter at bay with only moderate success. "That I've not enough experience to tell the difference?" "Experience is as experience does, my dear Dwarf. And I've yet to be able to make a judgement one way or the other." There was a bit of a challenge in his eyes, along with the humor and affection. My own amusement grew quieter as other emotions filled me. "I shall have to show you then," I murmured, leaning in close for a kiss. "I had rather hoped you would," he answered against me before closing the gap between us. The kiss started off slow and teasing as our words had been, but it soon grew in passion and intensity. A soft sound of pleasure escaped one of us, though I could not have said who. And it seemed to hang in the air between us as we drew apart looking at one another with passion-filled eyes. Bilbo stood then and a small smile curved his lips as he held out his hand to me. I accepted his unspoken invitation gladly, taking his hand into my own and allowing myself to be drawn farther back into Bag End. A thought occurred to me much later in the night and, half asleep as I was, I chuckled. Bilbo stirred slightly in my arms. "What's so amusing?" he asked sleepily. I pressed a kiss to his shoulder. "Nothing much. When I came here, I had intended this to be a very brief visit, simply a time to... talk some, before I headed back to the mountain. Now look how long I've stayed. And now, of course, I find I've no intention of leaving for some time." "I'm glad of that, certainly. For you must stay the winter now and keep an old Hobbit warm." I could hear the smile in his voice, though I could not see it. "Keep you warm?" I asked, incredulously. I had already been forced to remove one of the quilts that covered us, due to the warmth of his body. "It is likely you will be the one keeping me warm. With the amount of heat you produce, my love, you do not need me to be warm." He turned in my arms then, and there was something serious in his eyes despite his smile. "No, I think I'd be terribly cold without you." There was no answer for that but to kiss him. So, I did. We then settled, twined closely together, and soon his breath slowed and deepened as he slipped into dreams. I lay awake for some time. I knew this could not go on forever. I could no more spend all my life living in a hill than my love could spend his life living in a mountain. My mind knew it well, but my heart did not care. For now, I was happy, and the contentment of this moment could not be broken by any thoughts of the future. Soon I followed my lover into peaceful, sated slumber. The End ...for now