and Pippin stood in the gold light, wiping his eyes on his sleeve and staring out. Merry came to his side, touching his waist, and led him outside. They seemed to ignore the man and elf. Pippin wept without sound, and Merry kept his hand on his cousin's shoulder and made no movement at all. His face was blackly shadowed and lowered towards the ground. Sam came also, heavy-footed and puffy-faced, moaning under his breath and clenching his hands together. Sam reached inside a pocket and pulled out a tiny wooden box, prettily carved into curling vines and flowers. Inside it, as only Sam knew, was salt from the Shire. His little piece of home. A home that would now seem desolate and empty, if e'er he returned. He pressed it under Frodo's still hands, and kissed them, and pressed their coldness to the hot of his tears. "Oh Mr. Frodo..." "We must bury him!" Merry suddenly cried, staring up at Boromir and Legolas. Legolas paced the ground and felt for solid earth. He began to dig, bent over, fingernails scraping up black dirt. Pippin and Merry joined him, and he left them to it, and began breaking off more branches of holly, finding the greenest of the waxy leaves, and fullest of their red berries. These he laid o'er Frodo's hands. Sam let out another pitiful round of tears. Legolas touched his hair and whispered a simple lullaby to him, and took his hands in his. Sam sniffed and sucked his lip, and he unclipped Sting from Frodo's belt. "This will go back to M-Mr. Bilbo,"he said, and nodded to himself. Merry and Pippin had finished the grave, and they stood, nearly swaying, by it. They found themselves in a crushing, wet, nightmare from which they could not wake up. Legolas carried Frodo to the gaping scar in the ground, and gently laid him down. Pippin searched his clothes, and came out with a mushroom, its top as big as a man's fist. "I was going to eat this, but you can have it," he confessed to his still friend, and set it near the holly and salt. Merry scratched his dark hair and stamped with the bitter cold. He leaned over the hole, his face close to Frodo's. "I have nothing to give you Frodo. Nor do I know what you could be in want of. But I do know, you were the best Bagginses I ever knew, and I ever will know. And I don't know what to do now that you're not here." He wiped his nose against his fist and moved away. Aragorn stirred also from the mouth of Moria, and gave to Frodo a tied frond of athelas, and he crossed himself in a salute and bowed before the grave. Gimli took from his traveling pack a necklace of diamonds white and tiny as woodruff blooms, and they burned through the dark like stars. He laid it at Frodo's bruised throat. Gandalf gave to Frodo a tightly rolled scroll bound in red cord. "A song, which Bilbo wrote and gave to me. He wrote it in a burst of great joy... the day he found out you had woken from your deadly sleep, in the houses of healing." Boromir undid the broach holding his cloak, and pinned it to Frodo's shoulder, above the scar of the morgul blade. "Your deeds will be sung of for ages in the halls of Gondor," he pledged, and he turned his sharp eyes to Legolas, so that he felt as if he were being flayed with a knife. "And there is yet one thing, which we must tend to, before he is given to the earth of this wretched place," Boromir pronounced, and his words were a little too quick. "The burden that Frodo wears, it must be passed on." Aragorn gripped the hilt of his sword and stepped toward him. "It shall be passed on. But do not touch it, unless it be deemed your burden." Boromir drew away slowly. Gandalf held his face in his hands, and would not raise his head. Boromir's fingers twitched, and every muscle trembled with energy. The rain came down heavier, and in great misty curtains now. His torch guttered, and the orange light from the entrance to Moria grew dimmer through the heavy night. In the distance a song broke out, and at first it sounded like the said wail of a woman, but it turned into several voices, and then ended in the howls of wolves. An equine scream cut through their song, and their came the greedy sounds of feasting. Sam gasped and rocked back and forth, clutching his hem. The lingering night would give forth no new ring bearer, and so as opalescent light began to graduate into the sky, Boromir reached towards the ring; but found it being drawn from under his fingertips like water. Legolas clasped the silver chain around his throat. He clutched the warm ring in his fist, for he was gripped by a great fear when he witnessed the craving of Boromir,and could not see the ring taken into his hands. Aragorn touched Legolas' hand, and lowered his gaze in submission. The hobbits' eyes filled like goblets with their fearful admiration. Gimli muttered into his beard. Boromir was livid, white in the face and his fury only made him more terrifying. He stood to full height and began to say something, to step towards Legolas and reach, but the sword of Aragorn stopped him with its flat side. Gandalf had raised his head, and Legolas looked upon him. The old wizard nodded, and sank down into himself again. "I will bear the ring," said Legolas. He thought he could hear shrill rejoicing, and the beating of black wings in the sky above, as Pippin threw a handful of black soil over the face of Frodo Baggins. --------------------- I do not own anything of Tolkien's, I only like to play with them. )