the swords came from?" Legolas could not honestly say that he had. "Did you never wonder why so many people here spend so many days fixing weapons and armour in a land that has no war?" "I... no." "It serves no purpose but to busy the body and heal the mind. Everyone here is here for a reason. To pay his penance to the world. Did you never notice that? Your partner, Elu, new from Mandos, still harbours feelings of resentment toward the Noldor and the Dwarves. Before he can rejoin the world of the living, he must rid himself of prejudices through their manner of work. Your friend Gilfanon followed Fëanor out of Tirion and slew the innocent Teleri at Alqualondë, and he has come here to work away his guilt. The more helmets he mends, the more he will learn that battle is not a path of excitement and glory. I will know when they have worked enough, and I decide when they are ready to leave." "But what about me?" Legolas asked. "I did none of those things. How long must I stay?" "Matyelcar never told me your exact situation. But I should be able to tell when you are ready." "But I only came here to learn how to be a smith. I'm not here for any penance." Aulë stared at him. It was an uncomfortable kind of stare. The kind of stare that made him think Aulë had just realised a great mistake. "Ohhhhh..." said Aulë. "Ah. Well then." He shifted uncomfortably. "I'm afraid you're in the wrong place. You should be on the other side." "The other side?" "The other side of the pillars." Aulë gestured to the rows of pillars containing the tunnel enchantment. "This side is for those working off debts, guilts, curses, sins, and other misfortunes. That side is for the regular smiths. You should be over there." "You mean to say," Legolas said hotly, "that I've been mending faulty swords, by myself and with Elu, for no reason all this time? Because you made a mistake?" Aulë nodded. "That's exactly it. But don't worry. You can move tomorrow. Tomorrow, I will show you the way to the other side. Then you can properly begin your training." Legolas slumped back down behind the anvil. "Thanks," he muttered to Aulë, in a tone that indicated anything but gratitude. He waited only until Aulë had moved on to ruin the next table's work before leaving the workshop as quickly as possible. Elu was waiting for him outside his bedroom. "Well? What did you see?" "Aulë," said Legolas. "Aulë's the one hindering our progress. Every night he comes in and undoes all our work. One touch of his hand, and the swords are back to the way they were before we fixed them." Elu looked furious. "And to think I told him he had nice eyes!" he spat. "How horrible! Did you at least stop him?" "I couldn't. He said... well... I don't think I'm supposed to repeat what he said. It sounded too much like a secret. But I couldn't stop him. The pile of mangled swords has been refreshed for you." "The nerve of him! I'll be reporting this abuse to my wife. I can tell you now that she'll have a thing or two to say about... wait a moment." He paused to look at Legolas shrewdly. "You said the pile was waiting for me. What about you?" Legolas took a breath, and looked at the floor. "I'm leaving." "Leaving? What do you mean, leaving? Aulë's letting you go?" "It turns out I'm not supposed to be here," said Legolas. "It was a misunderstanding. I came here on my own to learn how to be a smith, and Aulë thought I was here for penance like you. When we talked, it became clear that he had made a mistake. He wants to transfer me to the regular workshop today." "Oh. Well that's alright, then. You'll still be here." "No..." Legolas said carefully. "I am leaving this place altogether." Elu looked confused. "But you just said you came here to learn the trade. Why leave now when you're finally getting your chance?" "I came here out of respect for my friend," said Legolas. "Gimli, the Dwarf. I wanted to learn the skill of metalcraft as a reminder of him." Once he spoke these words and started the story, a story he had told no-one until this point, Legolas found he could not stop. He looked Elu squarely in the eye and continued. "Gimli was a bearer of a Ring of Power at the end of the Third Age. Because of this, he was granted the right to sail into the West with me. And he did. That was nearly six hundred years ago. He was the only Dwarf ever to live in the Undying Lands, and this was both a blessing and a curse for him. With no others of his kind, he became unhappy and withdrawn. He came here to Aulë's workshop to study under his master, the one who made all Dwarves, but even that wasn't enough. Three hundred and ninety years after he arrived, he left. We built him a boat, and he sailed back into the east to search for anyone remaining of his kin. I don't know if he ever made it, or in the event that he did make it back, if he ever found his people. But he was a close friend. And to preserve his memory, I tried to learn the craft he loved." For a long while, Elu was silent, respectfully holding Legolas' gaze. "I'm sorry to learn of your loss," he finally said. "It's hard losing someone dear. But you've done a fine thing to honour him this way." Legolas could only nod. "Good luck on your journey home," Elu added, placing a hand on Legolas' shoulder. "When I am free, I will come find you." "I will wait for your visit."