He felt Glorfindel's hand on his knee. "Yes," said Glorfindel, and took a breath. "The spindle. They knew her from that. Some other things too. They'll be returned to you. Don't go down there. Wait for me. We'll see her together. Not now. I'll send someone up to you. I can't stay." His armour clinked melodiously as he got up. "I think you will not be riding out today," he added, very nearly gently. "But I must. Celebrían and her ladies may still be saved." He set the bottle down on the footstool and went out. The afternoon was leaking away. There was grey in the corners now, although sunlight still lingered in the bubbles of the glass panes. The moon was up already: a sliver high in the blue sky. Erestor stared at the ceiling and waited for the room to fill up with dark. Before the west was even bloody, though, the door opened and Elrond's daughter came inside. Her hair was wild and her eyes starlit: with the shadows swimming round him, he thought her Lúthien returned and almost cried out. She came to him swiftly. With her arms round his neck and her head on his shoulder, he knew she was not. "Glorfindel sent me," she told him, not very clearly, because she was clinging very tightly to him. "I want to go with them. I could help. I know what to do. I'm a better healer than any of them, than my brothers. He won't let me. He said if I want to help – Erestor, she can't be – I'm sorry, not Melinna – but what about my mother? Erestor, she's my mother! I should go!" She was crying. After a long moment, Erestor put his arms round her in turn. He said nothing. He did not trust himself to. Presently, she drew away, rubbing her face determinedly. "It isn't right," she said. "I should go. She needs me." He had never seen Lúthien tear-streaked. She looked at him through wet lashes. "Won't you go?" she said. "You rode with Glorfindel against Angmar. I know you fought in the Last Alliance. You and Melinna." After a while, when Erestor did not reply, she took his hand. "Come on," she said. "This isn't your room. You shouldn't stay here." She led him to his own chambers, where the light was paling. It was still bright enough for the nightingales on the cushions to glow and the loom to cast long shadows up the tapestry fading against the wall. Melian the Maia Queen smiled faintly from the woods of Lórien. His notes were spread out over the green leather of the desk. The silver wings and strings of the nightingale harp shone like wet ink on the page. Arwen shone too: her eyes and her white hands, moving restlessly among the shadows. "I'm going to talk to Glorfindel again," she said. "I will . You stay here." The door closed hard behind her. Erestor stared blankly at it. After a while, he sat down. The harp was before him. It was placed between the loom and the desk, which stood solidly under the window at the end of the long room. Out of habit, unthinking, Erestor plucked a string and was jarred by the loudness of the note that rang out. It seemed to come from nowhere. The room was so still. Erestor stared at the loom through the shining bars of the harp's strings. Her work was there, half woven: she was making him a new tunic. Maybe you'll finish it for me, she had said, before I get back. He rested his chin on the harp and closed his eyes. The basket by the loom held a rainbow of threads. She would sit in her nest of nightingale cushions and sift out the shades to use next: blues from azure to indigo, perhaps, or a matched bundle to make cloth of one colour for everyday use. When she wove tapestries, she drew out the pattern in advance. There was a box somewhere full of sketches. She had woven cover after cushion cover in preparation for the Queen's winged court. Some of the birds were very oddly proportioned: she had been only learning then. She had taken to making their clothes when she had taken up weaving. So many hours he had watched her, bemused and entranced. The spinning spindle was hypnotic, once she could work it without snapping the thread, and so was the shuttle flying across the loom. Why do you bother? he would ask her. There were plenty of weavers in Imladris. She had wanted to weave a tapestry. Why bother with plain cloth? Well, someone must, she would say. Cloth doesn't weave itself, you know. Once, they had worn skins and leather. Sometimes they still did. All their travelling gear was in a battered old chest in their bedchamber. She had taken her cloak and her leather-covered mail shirt to ride to Lórien and left all else but a knife behind. Melinna, he would ask, when Daeron composed the Tide's song in 'Of Wind and Water', what was he thinking? Stop scribbling that nonsense, she would reply. You tease Lindir too much as it is. Come and play for me. What? Whatever you want. As long as it doesn't involve tra-la-la-lally! He would laugh at her, silently, and lay down his pen. Now would I? ... would I... A discordant jangle and a sudden pain opened his eyes again. The long chamber was empty. He had snapped half the harp strings and his hand was marked by red weals. He looked at it blankly. The light was grey now and the chamber had darkened. After a moment, he crooked his fingers and plucked out each of the remaining strings, deliberately, one at a time. He was still sitting there in the dusk with the stringless harp when Arwen came back, dry-eyed, and told him that Glorfindel and her father had gone.