burn with the fire of the orcs. Elrohir followed close behind. Almost immediately, they were surrounded. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Elrohir sat up all that night on a wooden bench outside Elladan's bedroom. The death of a brother was no easier to take the second time. Beyond the door, Elrond alternately slept and sobbed on the bed. Friends filed past nervously, unsure of what to say or think or do. No-one shared the acute stabbing pain of Elrond and his remaining son, but they still mourned the loss. Everyone seemed tired and weak. Gandalf, who had always been a comforting presence, was now reduced to simply another sad body. He sat down heavily beside Elrohir and for a long time neither spoke. "I had hoped to bring good news," Gandalf eventually said. "Though I see I've come at the wrong time." "Oh?" said Elrohir. Gandalf nodded. "I've been in Lórien this past while. The siege is ended now, and in our favour. The orcs that weren't killed have been forced back into the south." He paused, then sighed. "Though no-one can say they won't return to start the cycle again." "Hmm," Elrohir said quietly. "How is my sister?" "Ah, she is well," Gandalf replied, and he smiled. "She sends her love, as always. I brought a letter from her for your father." Elrohir gave a weak smile in return. "He will be glad of that." Gandalf nodded again and allowed another short silence before placing a soft hand on Elrohir's shoulder and bending closer to his ear. "It's no easier to bear a second time, is it?" he asked in a low voice. Immediately Elrohir's face snapped up to look at him. "What?" he hissed, and almost choked on the word. Slowly Gandalf leaned back to rest his head against the wall and look down at Elrohir with concerned eyes. "The Ring," he said. "You used the Ring to try and change your brother's fate. You have lived this day before, to the same end." Elrohir was quiet for a long, tense moment before speaking again. "How do you know?" he asked in a shaky voice. "A Wizard can tell," Gandalf said simply. He gave a strange, sad half-smile. "As can the Powers in the West. We know all interruptions in the flow of time, when a day is repeated or when it is skipped, just as plainly as you who caused the interruption know. You have lived both days, and so have we. Time can never be undone. It can only be redone." "I... I do not understand," said Elrohir. "Time is a straight line, Elrohir, always moving forward. It cannot be stopped or erased any easier than you can erase the stars from the sky. The Ring has allowed you to relive a day in your life, and that is what you have done. Time has started again from that point. But the first version of that day can never be erased. It will always remain in the memory of some." Gandalf squeezed Elrohir's shoulder. "But," he said more kindly. "You do not need to understand. You need only know that, regardless of such interruptions, time will continue and find a way to complete its work. You cannot change fate. Everyone has his set path that cannot be changed so easily. For reasons that we will never know, it was your brother's fate to die today. It is his place in the world." Elrohir frowned, shaking his head. "I do not believe that." "But you must," said Gandalf. "You have seen yourself that the will of time cannot be altered. You can try again and live this day a thousand times, taking every precaution, but still Elladan will die. You must understand that once the path of fate is chosen, there is naught you can do to stop it. And it is for the best. You might not see that now, but Elladan has his part to play in the life of this world. As do you." "I do not see what part he can play by dying," Elrohir softly said. "Or what good it does to have him dead." He felt suddenly drained, as if defeated by this heavy realisation of the cruelty of fate. His eyes stung with the threat of tears. But Gandalf's hand slid around to his other shoulder, the Wizard's arm draping as a familiar, comforting weight across his back. "Perhaps there is no good," Gandalf said. "But it is not our place to judge. Not yet, at least." ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ When Elrohir awoke he found Elrond's arm draped protectively around him as they lay together in the shelter of Elladan's bed. Elrond still slept, breathing calmly as he always did despite the twisting pain that Elrohir knew was still strong in his heart. The Ring shone from his finger. I cannot change fate, Elrohir said to himself. I could use this ring to relive yesterday over and over, and still accomplish nothing. Or so Gandalf says. He reached out to touch the Ring, to stroke it. It was as warm as it had been the previous day, or the previous attempt at this current day. The stone gleamed. Elrohir bit his lip. I cannot change one day, he thought. But perhaps I can change many... Orcs, they say, came from Elves. Aeons ago, before time was measured, they say Elves had been taken by the darkness. Over time, they became orcs. Over more time, the orcs multiplied and changed and became the hideous creatures that ever after plagued the Elves. And finally, the orcs had killed Elladan. Elrohir smiled. He could see his reflection ghosted in the stone of the ring. If Elladan was killed by orcs, and the event could not be undone, there was only one simple solution. All Elrohir had to do was prevent the race of orcs from existing. Again, and with the greatest care, he slid the Ring from Elrond's finger.