elf lord to not react emotionally if something had happened to a friend so he would have time to prepare mentally for such a reaction. He undid the bandages from around Estel's side and examined the bite. No festering, he thought, it was good Glorfindel had reached him when he had or Estel would be dying at the moment. "Leave, Glorfindel." Elrond said as he began to work. He got out his herbs and glanced over his shoulder at his advisor. "Please, my friend." There was a weariness and regret in his voice and eye and Glorfindel nodded. "Alert me when he awakes." He said as he left the room. Elrond turned to his foster son who laid, muddy and bloody, on the white linen infirmary bed. Tears threatened to blur his vision but he wiped them away quickly. Estel wouldn't love him ever again. It had been his fault. He should have realized the boy wanted to be treated like a man, but Elrond, as a father, knew he had so much further to go. That was where he had gone wrong. He had thought too much. He sighed and started to work on his son. XXX Days later, Estel awoke to an empty room. He stared at the ceiling and then remembered that he had been running away. He would have gotten up and stole away, but his leg hurt really badly. And his side made it harder to breathe. He shifted uncomfortably but then stopped because his back started to feel like fire. He laid still, eyes narrowed at the ceiling. He closed his eyes in fear when Elrond walked in. Was he going to punish him? Of course he was, you dummy, he chided himself. He gulped as he slowly opened his eyes. To his surprise, Elrond didn't say a word to him, neither did he look him in the eye. He merely helped him sit up and changed the bandages around his torso and back. Estel didn't know what he had expected. Did he expect loving words? Of course not. If Elrond loved him, he wouldn't have felt that running was the best way. Did he expect punishment? Of course. He always was getting punished, even when he was just acting on his own good judgment. "Ummm… Ada?" Estel asked, getting Elrond's attention. "Yes?" Elrond didn't know what to say. He thought Estel hated him, yet here he was, calling him Ada. "Doyouhateme?" He blurted out. Elrond chuckled and sat down on the bed beside Estel's legs. "What, ion nin?" "Do you hate me?" He asked timidly, averting his eyes. Elrond reached over and lifted Estel's chin, meeting his eyes. "Why would you think that, Estel?" He asked. "Because you and Glorfindel and Erestor are always lecturing me and punishing me and telling me to grow up… I'm trying! It's hard! I'm stupid and clumsy and… and…and… HUMAN!" Hysterically crying, he clutched to his foster father's arm. Elrond wrapped Estel in his arms, laying his chin on the hair of his human son. His heart broke with the boy's words. He truly thought this of himself? But he was always so happy. He hide it, he didn't think anyone would care, he realized. A tear slid from his eye as he hugged his son closer, whispering comforting words in elvish, trying to calm him down. He told a healing assistant to gather the twins and watched as the young lady scurried off and then turned his attention to his youngest son. "Estel, listen to me." He said in his gentlest voice. "What?" Estel prompted him to go on, sniffling. "You are my son, I love you. I have been hard on you, but that has nothing to do with you. Its my fault I have been taking things out on you that have nothing to do with you and not apologizing. I am very sorry my neglect caused you to run." He said, looking Estel in the eye. "Really? You really mean that?" The twins, Elladan and Elrohir, entered the room and rushed to Estel's bedside. In their haste, Elrond had to back off so his twin sons could squeeze his youngest to death. Tears freely rolled down the twins' faces. They had thought they had lost their brother. Neither of them had slept or ate since the night Estel stole away. And that was almost a week ago. "Dan… Ro… you're 'quishing me!" Estel protested as he giggled. He had forgotten how much he loved his brothers. He didn't care that giggling wasn't something a normal fourteen year old did, but he would always be a seven year old at heart when the twins were around. "We're so sorry little brother!" Elladan lamented. "We love you so much yet we treated you like a little child!" Elrohir nodded, climbing onto the bed beside his younger brother and put an arm around him while Elladan did the same on the other side. They clasped hands over Estel's torso, promising him complete security while they were around. The fourteen-year-old was surprised by their tears and obvious love for him. He had been so short with them he would have thought that they were angry with him. But he wasn't complaining. "You aren't… mad at me for leaving?" He looked up at the identical faces of his brothers whom he both loved and admired. "No! We are mad at ourselves." Elrohir answered. Elrond smiled and sat on the end of Estel's bed. "I love you, ion nin." He looked his son in the eye. "We love you as well, little brother." Elladan and Elrohir said at the same time. "Really?" Estel's eyes were brimming with tears. He had been wrong. He had a family. They loved him. He didn't have to be perfect. "Really." Glorfindel appeared in the door. He smiled at the human and stood at the foot of Estel's bed. "Feeling better, little one?" Estel nodded. "Yes. Everything's better now." XXX Read and Review! PLEASE:begs: