don't think he can even take care of himself any longer." Aragorn arched a brow and Gimli hurried to answer the unspoken disbelief in the man's eyes. "Just last week, we were attacked by a small band of rogue Orcs and he stood still while they did what they could to cleave his head from his shoulders. They would have killed him too if I hadn't been there to protect him. He did nothing but stand there Aragorn, he did not even raise a hand to his own protection, as if he were in a trance or asleep on his feet. "And…there is more…" With a gulp, he continued, more slowly this time, feeling each word carefully before speaking it, letting them know that they were difficult words to say. Arwen felt that sense of foreboding again and held her breath. "Perhaps a month ago, he was standing on the edge of a cliff, gazing out across the valley below. Without a word, He stepped forward, as if he could walk on air and went right over the edge. Luckily, there were bushes and rocks that broke his fall. Even his Elven healing abilities have been affected though, he is still limping today." This time, Gimli shuddered, as if reliving the memory. "Stepped?" Aragorn asked. "Legolas says he slipped." Aragorn abruptly dropped the hand he still clutched and instead grabbed the dwarf's arm tightly giving it a little shake as he demanded, "But you said stepped?" "Because that is what he did, I don't care what he says. I was there. I saw what happened." "Gimli, you can't believe Legolas would do such a thing on purpose!" "I know what I saw." Gimli hunched himself over the table again, looking suddenly old and Arwen thought, for the first time since she had met him, small. "I haven't known him a very long time, Aragorn. Not long like you. But in that time, I have come to know something of how he thinks I believe, how he thinks and feels. And I have come to worry for how he will handle the day when we will all leave him. I have wondered if he ever regrets becoming involved with mortals. I know he cares for us all so deeply and he has condemned himself to a time of great sorrow when he is once again alone. I worry that he dwells on this, that these dark thoughts weigh on him, weigh on his mind. I know they weigh on mine… Gimli's head snapped up and he stared at the closed door that Legolas had just passed through, his eyes blazing. "I never thought it would go the other way, Aragorn. I never thought for once that we would have to learn to live without him. I cannot learn such a thing. I will not! It is not how things are supposed to be." "There, there, Gimli," Aragorn answered, his own eyes following Gimli's to the door. "None of us will allow such a thing to happen. We will find a way, some way to ease his suffering and if all else fails, we will help him on his journey to the Undying Lands. We will allow no other fate to befall him." Arwen began to rub her arms, feeling a sudden chill in the air even though there were no windows open to provide a breeze and moments ago she had been perfectly comfortable. This was worse than she had expected, worse than anything she had encountered from other Elves that suffered from this affliction. Yes, their suffering would eventually drive them to leave Middle Earth but to end their own lives? She had heard tales that it had happened before but they were only tales, weren't they? It could only happen to an Elf so tied to Middle Earth that the thought of leaving was harder to bear than the sea longing... Her previous bravado vanished and she shuddered; for there was no Elf in all of Middle Earth, in all of her long memory of Elves in Middle Earth as tied to this world and its people as Legolas Greenleaf. Perhaps Gimli was right to fear. And yet, even in the midst of her very real concern, she found herself moved to look not at Gimli, not at the door that the other two steadfastly contemplated. Instead she watched the man that she loved more than life itself, noting once more the lines that etched his face, the slight graying at his temples and thought on Gimli's words. Grief drove Legolas to this, she felt sure, grief and longing, both powerful and destructive emotions. She would know them herself all too soon. How would she survive? Perhaps she would do the same thing that Legolas' was attempting to do. She was nowhere near as disbelieving or appalled as either of the mortal beings in the room. She understood completely the fear of an eternity without the people that she loved and cared for. The chill she had been fighting sent a shiver through her body that Aragorn caught out of the corner of his eye. He rose and left Gimli's side at once after giving the dwarf's arm a final comforting squeeze and found his way to hers, wrapping strong arms about her and pulling her close, almost as if he could read her mind. "Perhaps our fathers were right," Gimli was saying, "Perhaps mortals and immortals should keep their distance…" "No," Aragorn whispered in her ear, "I cannot believe that is true, for I would be nothing without you." She hugged him closer to her, knowing that she felt the same way. But Gimli's words fed the cold that lingered in the dark places that cradled her fears. She understood how Legolas felt, she understood better than anyone else in Middle Earth. Without Aragorn she would be wholly and utterly alone. Death would be a gift, when that time came. Life without him would not be worth living.