Are you healing them?" "Not the Wainriders. I decided that whatever happened to them was on their own heads, and may the Valar have mercy on them. But the slaves they bring in…" Nestad's voice trailed off. "See, Aewen, I have been trained since birth to never ignore the call of the wounded and helpless. I do what I can for the slaves." "Good," she said softly. "But I feel no pity for the brutes who captured me. They have done my family much grief in the past." "I can believe it, your family spread as it is between Rhovánian and Gondor." Nestad put aside his own pain; this wasn't the time or place to deal with it. The maiden nodded. "That's true," she said. "But my family has also gone out to meet the Wainriders in battle, and…they slew my grandfather only four years ago. My father was devastated." Nestad closed his eyes in sadness. "I am sorry," he said quietly, aware, as he always was, that it wasn't enough. But words could never be enough for such a loss. "Thank you," Aewen whispered softly. "I am over the loss by now. But still, I carry much anger in my heart. My grandfather was a noble and brave man. And his loss was felt by more than just his family." "Well, anger is not the best solution." Nestad looked at the young maiden. "A friend once told me that harboring bitterness is like drinking poison and hoping the person you are angry with dies. It never works." He smiled ruefully. "I have had to work to keep that in mind of late," he admitted. "That is a good analogy," she said. "And perhaps your friend is right. But it is difficult. They have been harrying our people for over nine years now, slowly gaining more of our land. We have lost nearly all of our eastern territories to them, and still they come. What can we do? They are so many." She didn't expect him to offer any solution; she just needed to tell someone her frustrations. Nestad nodded silently, noticing how she spoke of 'our' land and 'we'. He didn't comment on that, but marked it off as one more thing showing she was truly noble. "Anyway…" she said, looking down at her hands. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to put all of this onto your shoulders." "No, it is all right." Nestad touched her knee with his gently. "You need someone to talk to, and I am exceptionally good at listening." She smiled gratefully. "You are," she agreed. "Thank you." She smiled and shook her head. "I'm sorry, I seem to be thanking you all the time, you're probably tired of hearing it by now." "Coming from you?" Nestad shook his head. "I like listening to you talk," he admitted. "Even if you do repeat yourself quite a bit," he added, teasing her gently. She smiled and blushed again. She seemed to be doing that a lot as well. "Well…I'm glad I don't bore you," she said, smiling slightly. "After the silence of this cell for days on end, nothing could bore me," he said, admiring the way the color stained her cheeks. She really was quite beautiful, he reflected. Not the unearthly beauty he was used to in women, but a gentle roughness, like a well-polished stone. She was fascinating. "That's good to know," she said, smiling slightly. "I wouldn't want to bore you, being the only company you have." She carefully stretched her arms a bit, and then yawned. Nestad chuckled softly. "Even if you did bore me, what could I do about it?" he inquired. "This cell is well-sealed, and these stupid chains," he rattled them sharply, "make it difficult, nay, impossible to move silently. But you do not bore me." She smiled, then yawned again. "I wonder if I could try to sleep some more?" she asked. "I think it's finally catching up with me." "You should try," Nestad encouraged quietly. "Your body is still healing." He didn't say it aloud, but he was wondering if there was really a point in getting her completely better. He couldn't use his superior strength to save her forever; sooner or later they would bring in a large group, and then where would he be? But he didn't allow any of this to come out of his lips. No sense in scaring her. Aewen nodded. "I think I will," she said. She rested her head back against the wall and closed her eyes. She brought her arms up over her chest to try and keep herself warm. "Don't be too bored while I'm asleep," she said with a smile. "I will find something to occupy my thoughts," Nestad promised with a return smile. 'Maybe how innocently sweet she looks while sleeping,' his mind interjected, 'or how full her lips are, or how much you would like to take her walking in the moonlight and see how she looks under proper light.' "Good," she said still smiling. But gradually, as sleep took her, her smile faded slightly, though not completely, for she felt somehow safe and happy, regardless of her circumstances. She couldn't explain it. Nestad watched her sleep, warring with his thoughts. On the one side was the analytical part of him that made him a good warrior, and on the other was the heart that made him a good healer. His analytical mind said, 'She's human. They fade away before hardly any time has passed. Don't get involved with her other than on a healer basis, and be careful even with that!' But his heart replied hotly, 'What's wrong with loving a human? Look at Lúthien and Beren! That's a historical couple, if there ever was one.' 'And look how much heart trouble they went through. Do you want that?' 'Better than to never love at all,' his heart muttered rebelliously. The mental argument continued until it wore Nestad out, putting him to fitful sleep.