Prince of Dol Amroth departed, domestic disputes resolved for the moment. Or so all the men thought. Lothiriel had other plans. Casting an eye about the room, Eomer Eomundsson was not content. It crossed his mind once again that he was a soldier not a diplomat. Oh, if only Theodred had lived. His cousin had been at home as much with bureaucrats as with his female admirers. Eomer, however, did not possess the patience for much interaction with either. In fact it shocked him that, as red blooded male, he could become so tired of heaving bosoms thrust in his face. Yet he realised now that the attractiveness of said bosoms reduced when their owners were solely interested in the coronet he now wore on his forehead. "Thank you Bema that this visit is nearly over!" Eomer longed for the rich, open plains of his home; one could only live amongst stone for so long he thought, before you started sharing its characteristics. A stony glance from the suitably craggy Lord Dormondley only reinforced his opinion. Yet his visit had been a disappointment in more than one sense. He had heard much about the Lady Lothiriel from both her father and his brother-in-law, Faramir. The rigid behaviour of her compatriots seemed to have passed this lady over at least. Eomer had long been entertained with stories of her victories over enthusiastic suitors; her campaign against the stuffy and pompous Gorlois had become one his favourites in fact. Her brothers' descriptions of her youthful adventures had also passed the hours on the field of Cormallen. In all, the lady had intrigued him for some time. On making her acquaintance though, he became acutely aware of the problems of befriending such a high spirited woman. Her appearance, though shocking, he tried to overlook. But her conversation! Far more difficult to ignore when forced to sit next to her. Although Eomer was less concerned with social mores than most, even he knew not to discuss bodily functions such as the ones Lothiriel had mentioned. Definitely not when eating at any rate. The cherry on the cake, however, had come during the desert course. Engaged at last in worthwhile conversation (i.e. conversation excluding Princess Lothiriel), he had been discussing the rehabilitation of riders after injuries to the back. Amrothos had mentioned a curious case in which one of said riders had lost feeling in his thigh after such a fall. Eomer had then brought up a similar case in one of his guard, except the area in question was the shoulder. Or rather he had been about to. The fork Lothiriel jammed in his thigh shifted his attention. No doubt his reaction assured her that he was not one of those who could suffer such an affliction painlessly. Fortunately the wound had not been too deep. A change of breeches and numerous apologies later and he was back at the feast. "Just my luck," thought Eomer. "The one woman who I would have liked to know better uses her cutlery as a weapon." He watched as Eowyn spun past on the dance floor with her new husband Faramir. "Strange to think that Faramir and Lothiriel are actually related." He thought. Yet in truth he had spied a similarity between the cousins. Their eyes. Both grey of course, but something else as well. There seemed to be sensitivity in Lothiriel's gaze, a kind of deep emotional intelligence tampered by wry humour which one could also perceive in Faramir. "Appearances, plainly, can be deceiving." Eomer thought before deciding no one would notice his absence. Quickly and stealthily he exited the hall, glad to put an end to the evening. In the midst of all the merry making Erchirion noticed Eomer's absence. Frankly he thought the affair more than a little tedious. His thoughts could be summarised thus: Eomer liked horses, so did Lothiriel. Eomer liked dark hair, Lothiriel had dark hair. Lothiriel needed someone who could challenge her, Eomer liked a challenge. To Erchirion's mind all this nonsense about pawns and duty and responsibility was exactly that. Nonsense. He bet if he could get Eomer and Lothiriel alone together for a couple of hours the whole affair would be sorted. And he could go back to the revelry with a light heart. "I really am an excellent brother." He thought, "now, to find my clothes chest…" A husband and wife. Together. White sheets and warm skin. The wife slowly traces a scar on the husband's leg. Three small dots. " Do you remember when I gave you that?" " I'm hardly likely to forget." " I don't think I ever apologised." " Believe me," the husband smiles, "your father and brothers apologised enough." The wife turns her attention to her husband's chest. Gently, she shifts her fingers through the light covering of hair there. " I feel I should make it up to you." " You have." " How?" " We're married aren't we? Together?" A kiss to the pulse point on his neck shows she understands. Suddenly he moves. Chests are pressed together. Legs entangled. " But if you still want to make it up to me…" is a whisper against her lips. Suffice to say the recompense is more than enough. Lothiriel wakes from her dream. She remembers little. Her memories fade further as she realises she is encased in darkness. A darkness that smells distinctly of her brother's socks. "Help!" At her cry her dark prison is broken by a sudden shaft of light. Someone has lifted the lid. They help her out of the chest with a grunt of surprise. Her vision is obscured by the shock of morning sunlight. Looking around she sees a clearing in the midst of trees. "Are they candles?" She thinks. Turning she goes to thank her rescuer. She knows his face. Long ago wise men could tell which dreams mattered and which did not. Nowadays we do not have such a gift. We have to guess.