know you're frightened, but you can trust me, Legolas." The name slipped out by mistake. I hadn't meant to do it. His eyes flew to me instantly, and they widened in what seemed to be astonishment and disbelief mingled with fear and caution. "How…how did you…?" he spluttered, clearly struggling to form a coherent sentence. I shook my head, allowing a sigh past my lips. "It's a long story that you'll find out later," I said, holding out my hand in a beckoning motion. "But come with me. That injury isn't going to get better with you just standing there." He nodded and stepped through the door, following me down the hall. He stared at everything we passed, not touching anything but the carpet he tread over. He seemed not to recognize anything, not even the lamps, and there was honest curiosity and wonder in his eyes when I flicked the switch to turn on the kitchen lights overhead. I observed him carefully as he stood in the center of the kitchen, visually drinking everything in. I pretended to be busy with gathering the necessary items from one of the cabinets, but I was really looking at him the entire time from the corner of my eye. What else was I to think but that the being standing in the middle of my kitchen was Legolas? There really was no other logical answer. I had no idea how he came to be in my apartment, or why, or even what I was supposed to do now. I guessed one step at a time, like my brother used to say. Shaking my head to rid it of painful memories, I overturned the bottle of hydrogen peroxide and let it soak into the cloth I held in my left hand. Once there was enough of the substance in the fabric, I turned to Legolas, who had been currently staring at the coffee maker like it was a cobra with wings and two hoofed feet. "Hey," I said to get his attention. He turned to me, and I showed him the cloth before pressing it to his head. I didn't want to startle him with anything; this was clearly unusual (such a lovely word!) and frightening for him and I didn't want to make it any worse. Legolas flinched and hissed softly as the cloth came in contact with his wound. I winced slightly in sympathy as I began cleaning the cut as gently as I could. He soon forgot about the pain and wrinkled his nose distastefully as the strong smell of the hydrogen peroxide penetrated his senses. "What is that?" he asked. Despite his uneasiness of the situation, he clearly was still in possession of his sense of curiosity. "Hydrogen peroxide," I replied. "It's for medicinal purposes. It cleans out any bacteria that may be festering within a cut." He obviously had never heard of it, for the look on his face, but he held back any other questions he had. I finished cleaning the wound and wiped the blood from the side of his face before placing a patch over the injury. He gingerly touched the bandaged cut with his fingertips, then dropped his hand. I began cleaning up the supplies I had used and put them away in the cupboard. "Thank you," he said quietly. "By the way, you haven't yet told me your name." I turned to look at him and met his eyes. Like twin pools of sapphire, I mused, sparkling and…deep with experience. I'm not exactly sure what occurred within the next few seconds, but it seemed as if something clicked deep in my mind. My vision darkened, and I suddenly felt…wiser, older, as if I were a thousand years old, yet at the same time still young and vigorous. I felt as if time had slowed down, nearly come to an abrupt halt and continue on at a snail's pace. My senses were thrown outward, and everything was sharper. But most of all, I caught snatches of conversations I couldn't follow, some of them even in languages I couldn't understand or name, and the feelings that were garnered by the flitting voices going through my head. And as sudden as it had come, it stopped. I swayed a bit and grabbed the edge of the counter for support. Legolas was still standing in the same place, still watching me, and he didn't seem surprised at all at my behavior. I had no idea what had just occurred, and the fact that he seemed to know made me blink. I could read it in his gaze…he knew. "My…my name's Kyla," I managed to gasp, composing myself enough to release the counter and stand on my own. Legolas smiled for the first time; it was small and brief, but it seemed to light his face for the moment. Whoa, why did he suddenly look so good? "Kyla," he repeated, as if testing the word. He stepped forward, his movements like liquid, and took my hand. He bowed while gently placing his lips on its knuckles. I felt my eyebrows rise. No man had ever bowed to me before, let alone kiss my hand. "'Tis a pleasure meeting you, Kyla," he said as he straightened. "I believe you are already aware of my identity, so I will spare you the introduction." I couldn't say anything, only nod dumbly. Well, if I was stuck with this guy (or elf) for unknown reasons, at least he's a complete gentleman! I felt blessed. All the guys I had been with either treated me as a piece of their property or simply disrespectfully, as if it was their right just because I was their girlfriend. This was a nice change. Damn, I must have been the luckiest gal in the world! My very own Lego-sue! ------------------- Well, should I keep going? Reviews most welcome! Tell me what you think; constructive criticism, praises, I can handle. But NO flaming, please! Thank you! -grin-