really showed too; she always had a melancholy look to her every time I saw her. In the language that we all know and love, that means something really bad happened to her. I never approached her at first; just observed her from afar whenever I came across her. One day, I gathered up some courage and approached her. "I don't know what exactly it is that you've been through, but I can relate. I've been through some . . . excuse me;" I cleared my throat, "I've been through some bad experiences myself. But I can tell you, honestly and truly, that the pain does heal with time, and loved ones and friends help out a lot too. If you ever need a friend, just ask around for the crazy human. Everyone will know who you mean." My voice had cracked, but only once. I left after that, but not before catching a glimpse of a teary smile. I've been known for the rare inspirational speech. The next day, she found me and we talked for a long time. She told me about her family back on Middle-earth, and how much she missed them, but she could not regret coming here. She told me that she had been here for a long time, well, a long time for me. Thirty-eight years; I gaped like a fish, and she giggled at my expression. Thirty-eight years; that long, and she still couldn't get over what happened. We talked a lot after that, meeting each other every day after lunch and going to the gardens. And we just talked. Through all that she has told me, I feel as if I had been there with her as she raised her children and watched them grow up. She was a really good story-teller. I told her all about me; why? Because I could. She knows me from cover to cover now; my whole life on earth, and now my life here. I even told her about the incident when I was fourteen. I think revealing this to her helped her heal a little bit inside, which in turn helped me feel better. It has now been fifty years since I arrived here in Valinor. Living here has impacted me immensely, and I impacted everyone here a lot too, if I do say so myself. I don't think any of them knew any songs by the All American Rejects, or Evanescence before I arrived. Or the infamous song that never ends. Oh that is a day I will never EVER forget! Manwe had helped me finish all preparations, and others that were here overlooked by Aulë had finished the construction of the first EVER ship to return to Middle-earth. It was the day of departure, and I was standing on the dock looking out onto the horizon. I looked to the side when I felt the breeze of someone joining me by my side. It was Celebrian. "So this is the final farewell, Elendil." I shook my head, "You don't know that Celebrian. There's always a chance that we will meet again." She smiled sadly and shook her head; that's when it hit me. There was no coming back after this. "Oh . . ." I whispered. "Yes. Beriadan, you have been my light when all seemed so dark. You helped me heal, and for that, I thank you." I went to tell her that her thanks were not needed, but she silenced me with a raised hand. "I have a gift for you. May it remind you of our friendship, and give you hope when all seems lost." In her hand was a silver necklace, with a crystal pendant in the shape of the sun. It glimmered in the light. I let her put it around my neck. When she stepped back, I pulled her into a hug. We stood there, holding onto the last minutes of our time together. "I will never forget you, Celebrian. You will always be the greatest friend I have ever had." After that, we stood together in companionable silence. When it was time to go, she handed me a letter. "It is to my husband, Lord Elrond of Rivendell. Please deliver it to him." "I will. I guess this is goodbye?" A tear slipped out of her eye, "Yes, it is. Good bye, mellonamin ." The next thing I know, I am on the ship and staring back at the shore, watching as the figure of Celebrian and the others of the Valar shrink slowly out of sight. It was then, that I began to cry. They were not tears of grief like I expected them to be. They were tears of happiness. Happiness for the greatest friendship that I have ever had. And so, the first chapter in my life is over. As the ship sales over the calm sea, I look forward to the future. A memory fleeted in my mind. " The best way to prepare for life is to begin to live." I've spent fifty years preparing for life. I'm ready to live it. A/N: Okay. This idea practically mind-raped me while I was in school, so I decided to write it. Why? Because it would have made me go bloody banana's if I didn't. I know I should be updating Just Another Crazy Dream but, since Summer is only 29 days away (OMGBBQ and all that jazz) I am going to wait until then to start an updating frenzy. I will repeat that in caps so I get my point across: UPDATING ON ANY STORIES WILL BE PUT OFF UNTIL SUMMER WHEN I AM NOT SO GODDAMN BUSY WITH SCHOOL AND HAVING A LIFE! There, I said it; I feel better for it. Anyways, Read, Review. . . if you feel like it. Writing this story was just basically for myself; it's not to impress, as it is probably cliche to the max. R&R if you feel it is necessary. BAI!! XD