if you allow the Hobbit to be released as well, you will be inundated with requests for the return of loved ones. It will be madness!" Mandos's eyes blazed, "So you would rather me suffer through Olorin physically attempting to bring his wife back day after day? Like that will be any better." Oromë shook his head, "No. I would rather this entire marriage not happen in the first place! It would be one thing if Olorin had married one of the First-Born. Then you would be justified in releasing her spirit after a time. But a mortal? There are reasons why immortals should not marry mortals. It creates problems such as this." Nienna frowned at him speaking up for the first time since the start of the meeting, "It is not a problem , Oromë. It is a blessing for Gandalf. How would you feel if Alatar or Pallando [9] found their loves in mortals? Would you deny them that comfort as well?" "We are not discussing my servants, Nienna. They know better than to cleave themselves to someone who cannot be with them for eternity. They know that it would cause havoc in the order of the world." Mandos rolled his eyes, "It will no more disrupt the order of the world then when Beren and Luthien were brought back." All the Valar turned to stare at him. He sighed as he realized what he had just said. "Bad example [10]." He admitted. "However, Eru commanded that, so it was supposed to happen. And if Bilba is allowed release, it will also be by His command. Or would you contend against Eru Himself, Oromë?" The two Valar stared at each other, neither one willing to look away first. Everyone else looked on. The tension in the room grew to such an extent Manwe was surprised someone didn't snap. "Well, I for one think it will be a good thing." Aule spoke up breaking the silence. The room descended once again into various arguments and conversations. Yavanna, Varda and Nienna were discussing just where they were going to place Olorin and his wife's new house and how they would decorate it. Vána and Nessa looked on and commented every now and then. Vairë sat quietly, documenting everything in the tapestry she had begun at the beginning of the meeting. Lorien had teamed up with Mandos to continue the argument against Oromë while Aule and Tulkas were enjoying listening in. Manwe rubbed his forehead. Of course, Olorin would find a way to formulate trouble without even being present. And of course, his wife would have the same ability. The next few years were going to be very interesting. ~~~~~ Line Break ~~~~ NOTES: 1: The Silmarillion states that Lorien is the Master of visions and dreams (the "desires" part comes from the LOTR wiki), but lists Mandos as the one knowing all that shall be. However, the LOTR Wiki states that in other versions, Lorien had a cauldron in which he could see visions. I have gone with that version. 2: I chose to have Lorien call Gandalf "Gandalf" instead of Olorin because he himself is mostly known by Lorien (the name of his dwelling place) rather than his actual name, Irmo. 3: Nienna is the sister of both Lorien and Mandos. She teaches about pity and endurance of hope (according to LOTR wiki, Gandalf was her greatest student). She dwells alone and rarely comes to Valimar. However, I figured she would come to this meeting because she was concerned about Gandalf. 4: Both Mandos and Lorien were considered the "Masters of Spirits" with Lorien being the younger brother. 5: Quoting from the Silmarillion: "When Manwe there ascends his throne and looks forth, if Varda is beside him, he sees further than all other eyes, through mist, and through darkness, and over the leagues of the sea. And if Manwe is with her, Varda hears more clearly than all other ears the sun of voices that cry from east to west, from the hills and valleys, and from the dark places that Melkor has made upon Earth." I took a little bit of poetic license with this one in making both Manwe and Varda able to see/hear into the future if they are with each other. 6: Back to LOTR Wiki for this one. According to it, Sauron was called Gorthaur the Cruel by the other Maiar. I figured that it would work just as well for the Valar to call him that as well. 7: In the tale of Beren and Luthien, Beren ends up dying and Luthien's spirit gives up and goes to the Halls of Mandos. While there, she sings of her love for Beren and cries for Mandos to allow them to be together again. Mandos was "moved to pity, who never was so moved, nor has been since." By Eru's power, Beren and Luthien were given a second chance together as mortals. I've taken more artistic license with the "never has been since" part. I kinda think that the thought of Gandalf hounding Mandos every day (and trying to find any way he could get Bilba out of his halls) is just too much for that Vala. It's not pity that moves him to ask Eru to let Bilba out, it's self-preservation! J 8: Mandos does not have the ability to release people from his halls as near as I can tell from my research. That comes from Eru, and can only be used on those He chooses to release from death (such as Glorfindel and Luthien and Beren). 9: The names of the two Blue Wizards; they were both Orome's Maiar. Alatar was sent first, and he brought Pallando with him. 10: Beren and Luthien's son was named Dior. He was the father of Elwing – who married Elendil and bore Elrond and Elros. It is through Elros that we get the line of the kings of Gondor (and thus Isildur, Elendil, and Aragorn).