light from him. Her blood ran over his palms, staining both his skin and heart. "No, Nana," Legolas sobbed, his voice tight and choked. "Don't leave me, Nana. Please don't leave me alone here. No. No. " He rested his head against her chest, hearing the usual strong elven heartbeat fade and slow. The poison was slowly dragging her into darkness. The bluish glow around her dimmed, and her form became darker by the second. "Nana, Saes. Guitrs-lhkïj nóchse nuiët nenl. Bíetin juoáe huiteĉ líelth. Saes. Please. Do not give in to darkness. Hold onto the light. Please." Legolas begged for her to live. She did not heed his prayers, nor did the gods. He held onto her as she steadily grew colder, darker, as her life ebbed from her body just beneath his fingertips. He felt utterly helpless at her side, being forced to watch as she left him. " Nî sésute kyũer hén , Naneth," Legolas murmured as he felt her last breath leaving her. "I love you, Mother." He sniffed mournfully. A slight breeze wafted around his head, stirring his golden hair. He leaned down and kissed his mother's brow. As he did, Khílya murmured one last thing: " Nî sésute kyũer hén nuë , Vynithel," Khílya whispered, her voice as soft and soothing as the light breeze that stirred her son's hair. "I love you too, Vynithel ." Legolas' eyes filled with tears again, and he collapsed against his mother's body, sobbing uncontrollably. Khílya's light faded and died, leaving a darkness where there once had been light. Legolas felt his heart wrench horribly as he saw the light leave his mother's body, and he knew that the light had left his life forever. Quietly, as he pressed his face against his mother's chest, he began to sing the elvish lullaby his mother had left unfinished. The slaves, their own hearts stinging from the sight in front of them, took up the tune, even though they did not know the words. Gently, the sound of the lullaby lifted above the evil of the land and they all found relief in its depths. The orcs, for the second time that night, heard the lovely sound, but hated it. "I said silence!" the burly orc came back and struck the small elfling hunched over his mother's body. Legolas collapsed against the ground, gasping in unuttered sobs. But still he kept singing the lullaby. The orc kicked him in the ribs. "You want to join that wench?" the horrid creature growled, pointing to Khílya's dead figure. "Keep up that screeching and you will." Legolas' lilting tune halted. The orc snarled in satisfaction. Releasing one last kick upon the little elf, he turned and walked back to the campfire. But he never made it there. The orc's footsteps were abruptly stopped as he fell to the ground with a shriek, an arrow embedded in his throat. He grasped the shaft in his malformed fingers, but didn't manage to pull the arrow free before he died. The orcs around the fire all leaped to their feet, taking up their axes or scimitars. They turned towards the intrusion. Five elves upon their mounts rushed from the trees, their bows drawn, already firing a volley of arrows and felling many of the cruel beasts in front of them. One elf broke away from the battle and galloped for the slaves. The figure upon the horse's back jumped from the mount and landed at a crouch gracefully. He rushed immediately to the slaves and peered at their faces quickly, searching. Suddenly he saw Legolas hunched over the fallen elf maiden, shaking with new sobs. The warrior fell to his knees beside the distraught elfling, reaching out slowly for him. "Ada!" Legolas cried, leaping into his father's arms. Thranduil wrapped his arms around the slim body in his grasp and buried his face into his son's golden hair. He had thought he had lost the little elfling. Legolas began to shake furiously, hiding his face in his father's tunic. Tears slid from his clenched eyes. "Ada…It's Nana," he whispered. "She…she's…" "It's all right, Vynithel , it's all right," Thranduil soothed, stroking Legolas' blond hair. "I'm here." He had already known what had happened to his wife before the prince had tried to tell him. The glow was gone from her body. He knew she was gone. "It's all my fault," Legolas whimpered. "It's my fault she's gone." "Do not say such a thing, ion-nîn ," Thranduil said firmly. "It was not your fault." "It was," Legolas whispered, but his voice was too quiet for even Thranduil's keen ears to hear. Tears fell from Thranduil's eyes, falling to Legolas' hair. He held his son protectively, his shoulders shaking with the effort to remain quiet as he sobbed in distress. He rocked them gently back and forth. Soon he scooped Legolas up into his arms and walked back to the horse, where he sat his son upon its back. The prince gripped its mane in his small hands. Tearstains ran down his face, but his features were set grimly. Thranduil clasped one of the slender hands in his own and kissed its knuckles before walking swiftly to one of the guards. Legolas waited for his father upon the horse's back. Thranduil talked hurriedly to the guard, then climbed up onto the horse behind his son. The guards gently gathered up Khílya's body while the rest released the slaves. The captain of the guards, Jenath, climbed upon his own mount and followed Thranduil back into the forest. The rest would catch up. He stayed silent as he followed his king, though he could distinctly hear the young prince's sniffles, and his heart throbbed in sympathy. It was a large blow the kingdom and its rulers had paid tonight with the death of their queen. It would take time to mend, but none would ever be the same. Again, hoped you liked it, and I will gladly accept reviews! Copperfang