long he had been in pain. Even now he could hear the ocean and see it in his mind. "Legolas, go now." His eyes widened as he realised what Aragorn said. "Go home to the undying lands Legolas, you deserve to." Legolas shook his head mutely. "No, I will not abandon you to be by yourself." "I will not be by myself Legolas, I have my children, and my grandchildren, and my great-grandchildren." Aragorn reasoned, but Legolas would hear none of it. "It is not the same and you know it Aragorn. Your family all have lives of their own, lives that no longer include you as much as you would wish them to. I will not abandon you Aragorn." "But you will let yourself be alone and bear the weight of this burden alone!" Aragorn yelled his eyes livid. "Yes." Legolas replied without hesitation. "Because when you depart I will be able to answer the call and set sail for the Undying lands and join my kin. If I were to leave you though, you would be all alone now with no one to fill the loneliness." He looked at Aragorn the King of Gondor with determined blue eyes. "I will not abandon you to that fate Aragorn." "Then I will kill myself here and now so that you may be free." Aragorn pulled one of the daggers from his belt. "No!" Legolas yelled. "You cannot and will not die for my sake Aragorn!" He forcibly took the dagger from Aragorn's old gnarled hands and threw it across the room. "You have your subjects to think about! What would they do if they heard that their noble king killed himself for the sake of an elf?" "An elf who is his toror' !" Aragorn angrily yelled. "An elf who has been denying his call home for one hundred and twenty-one years! An elf that has been alone as the last of his kind for thirty-nine years! I could care less what my subjects would say and do Legolas." Aragorn said coldly. "You are my friend, and you have been suffering for me for far too long." "I will not be the cause of your death though Aragorn." Legolas said softly. "If I am the cause of your death then I will not be able to forgive myself. I will not set sail for the Undying Lands. I will stay here on Middle-earth as punishment for killing my brother. I would stay until I am killed in battle or until the world itself falls apart." "Stop being a fool Legolas." Aragorn said crying tears for his brother. "You have suffered enough; do not suffer more for my sake." "I am not leaving you alone Aragorn and that is final." Legolas said stubbornly. He would not move on this. "You are a fool." Aragorn whispered despaired. "It's as you said all those years ago at your party when you told me to get a wife Aragorn. You could die at anytime." He smiled a bittersweet smile. "Do not die for my sake though Aragorn or I will never forgive myself." Aragorn gave a saddened sigh. "You are a stubborn fool." ~xXx~ It was eighteen years before Aragorn died. He died peacefully in his sleep, that only kind of death that Legolas had wished for his friend. Each year Aragorn would try to persuade Legolas to forget about him, to leave Middle-earth and answer the sea. Each year Legolas refused. Legolas cried and grieved and mourned at Aragorn's funeral as he never had before. There was no one to comfort him this time at the passing of his brother. The Gondorians gave him a wide berth, not wanting to associate with the last elf to roam Middle-Earth. Aragon's son Eldarion came and clasped Legolas on the shoulder just as his father had done all those years ago at Gimli's funeral. "My father was proud to have you as a friend. When I was a small child he would put me to sleep with tales of his friends. Tales of an elf, a dwarf, and four hobbits saying every night that he could never have asked for better friends." Eldarion looked Legolas in the eye and Legolas was struck with how much Eldarion looked like Aragorn during their time together on the quest to destroy the One Ring. "My father told me why you have stayed here for so long when the elves have long departed. Go now Legolas son of Thranduil, King of the Mirkwood elves, and last elf to roam Middle-Earth. Answer the sea, be at peace, and go to the Undying Lands. Those words sent relief through Legolas and he let out a breath he didn't know he was holding. He now knew that if no one told him that it was alright for him to leave Middle-Earth that he never would have left. He would have stayed tormenting himself for fear that if he left it would desecrate his family's memories. "Thank you." He exhaled with relief. His eyes were closed and he could hear the sea's roar, and the singing gulls, and the voices of his kin telling him, "Come Legolas, come thither to us." He could smell the salt, the brine, the freedom. The wind was caressing his skin, welcoming him to the Undying Lands, and the sea was spraying his face. And the shore, he could see the shore! There his kin were waving, welcoming him, smiling for they had been waiting for so long. And on the shore with his kin the elves, they were all there. Gandalf, Frodo, Sam, Merry, Pippin, Gimli, Eowyn, Faramir, Eomer, and Aragorn. His best friend and brother, he was waiting for him on the shore. Legolas opened his eyes and walked away. There was hope in his eyes that had not been there for over a century and he walked with a purpose in his step. He was relaxed, he was at peace. He was finally going home. ~xXx~