Aragorn felt he could not breathe. Elrond knew. Aragorn had always known this would come. He had always wanted his father's love and approval, but he knew that Elrond would eventually have to choose between his adopted child and the children of his blood. He would never regret meeting Arwen, or even falling in love with her, but he hated himself for being human. All that he knew and loved was Elven, and he could never truly be able to be a part of it. "My brothers have spoken to you?" Elrond sighed, but favored the young man across from him with a small, sad smile. "No indeed, although I suspected they knew something. They have been all together too quiet since their sister's departure. Aragorn, your own eyes have betrayed you. For I see many things and sometimes can read the hearts of men. But I do not speak of my daughter alone. You shall be betrothed to no man's child as yet. But as for Arwen the Fair, Lady of Imladris and of Lórien, Evenstar of her people, she is of a lineage greater than yours, and she has lived in the world already so long that to her you are but a yearling shoot beside a young birch of many summers." Elrond shook his head slowly. He continued on relentlessly, as if he thought that if he stopped, he would not be able to start again. "I mean you no shame my son when I say that she is too far above you. And so, I think, it may seem to her as well." Aragorn noticed that Elrond had looked away slightly and felt as if a part of his heart was getting torn out. Elrond did not even wish to look upon him anymore. Elrond turned back toward his son. "Even if it were not so, and her heart turned towards you, and she loved you in the same way you, her, I should still be grieved because of the doom that is laid on us." "What doom is that?" Aragorn asked quietly, willing his voice not to break. "That so long as I abide here, she shall live with the youth of the Eldar," answered Elrond, "and when I depart, she may go with me, if she so chooses." Aragorn looked down at his hands. "I see that I have turned my eyes to a treasure no less dear than the treasure of Thingol that Beren once desired," he said quietly, his heart tearing further. Then, suddenly the foresight of his kindred came to him, and he said, "The years of your abiding run short at last, and the choice must soon be laid on your children, to part either with you or Middle-earth. Bitter are the choices that come to us in such times." "Truly," Elrond's voice was quiet, yet seemed like cold steel, slicing through Aragorn's heart. "Soon as we account it, though many years of men must still pass. But there will be no choice before my beloved Arwen, unless you, Aragorn Arathorn's son, come between us and bring one of us, you or me, to a bitter parting beyond the end of the world. You do not know yet what you desire of me." Elrond sighed and gazed into the distance. After a while, looking gravely back at Aragorn, he said, "The years will bring what they will. We will speak no more of this until many have passed. The days darken, and much evil is to come." Aragorn blinked. He could feel tears begin to gather in his eyes. Why did everything always have to turn out so wrong? Why did he always ruin everything? "I am sorry, A–, Master Elrond." Aragorn doubted he still had the right to call Elrond his father. "May I leave now?" Elrond turned toward the window and nodded slowly. Aragorn left and closed the door behind him. The sound was hollow, like how he felt inside. He felt so hollow he did not notice the single tear that slid down Elrond's cheek. Elladan and Elrohir walked quickly down the path toward Estel who was readying the last of his supplies. "Estel wait for us!" Elrohir shouted. "Not this time, Ro," Aragorn replied. He needed some time alone to sort out his feelings. He hoped his brothers, no, not his brothers, Elladan and Elrohir, would understand. "Estel, just stay a little longer," Elladan pleaded. "Elladan, I'm growing up. I cannot have you two constantly looking after me!" Frustration was making him harsher than he meant. "Look, I did not mean it that way. I know you only want me to be safe, but … I just want to be alone this time, okay?" He turned and left down the road without a further word. He was afraid that if he stayed longer, he would just make the situation worse. He always did. Elladan watched his little brother's receding back, watched until he could see Estel no longer. He wished he could do something, but Estel was not a little child anymore. Elrohir and he could not just bring Estel back and hug him and tell him that they loved him. Finally, he turned to Elrohir. "What can we do? We certainly cannot follow Estel." "El, I guess all we can do is wait." Elladan and Elrohir headed back to the house. They walked up the stairs, and Elladan found himself in Estel's room. He noticed something glittering on the pillow. He picked it up and examined in. He felt a lump gather in throat and swallowed hard; it was the ring of Barahir. "I cannot believe he left this," Elladan murmured. "Estel has not taken that off since he learned whom he was. You know, sometimes I wish we had not stumbled upon Estel and Arwen kissing. Then none of this would have happened." Elvish Translations Ada – dad Hilya – follow Adar – father Mae carnen – well done Havo dad – sit down