placed it on his chest where the wound was. He took in harsh and strangled breaths, waiting until it calmed down to do the next step. He focussed on where the wound pierced; through his rib cage, and dangerously close to his left lung. Any farther to the right, and the arrow would have pierced right in his heart. He closed his eyes and focussed on the healing process; the markings on his arm warmed, and began to glow for all to see. He focussed on the wound reattaching itself, from the inside out; he took notice that it was not as tiring to heal himself, as it was to heal another. 'Useful tidbit. . .' he thought to himself, smirking inwardly. Caleb almost sighed in relief when he felt the wound close over. He then searched for the poison that was slowly spreading to his heart, thought there wasn't a lot for the arrow was pulled out before it had enough time to seep in. When the fogginess in his mind was gone, only then did he allow himself to sigh in relief. "There, done. No more heroics for a very long time now." A cold nose hit him harshly on the head. Niñala growled, "You great idiot! You are very correct in that, for next time I am not letting you out of my sight!" "Yeah! You humans are just too fragile to be left unsupervised!" Minna laughed. Caleb chuckled and sat up slowly, "It's nice to know that you care, Niñala, Minna. But, you might want to calm down, " he said and pointed to the men who had back up a great distance and their hands were reaching for their weapons, "you are scaring the other men." The three sisters shared a look, and then let out a barking laugh, walking away and muttering about cleaning their claws of orc-scum. "You have no need to fear them, they do not eat or harm human's in any way. I am Caleb, the adopted son of the Silverfang tribe, Prince of Wolves." he bowed deeply, ignoring the shocked faces, "Are there any who are injured severely? I will do what I can to help them." The young man who had pulled out the arrow shook out of his shock and nodded, "Yes, our Steward was injured and nine other men are wounded badly as well. The rest of us only bare small wounds, sir." Caleb nodded, "What is your name?" "G-Garad sir." Caleb smiled benevolently, "Lead the way then, Garad." Though the wounds of the men were small, Caleb was exhausted from all the healing he had to do. He collapsed against a tree, listening to the inquiries of Garad as best as he could, for he spoke very fast when he was excited. "If you are human and not a beast, then why do you look the way you do?" he asked, not really giving Caleb time to answer any of his other questions. "I would also like to know that, Prince of Wolves." Caleb lifted his heavy head to meet the dark eyes of the Steward of Gondor. Caleb sighed and told the truth, but not all of it, "A while back, I healed Mortia with my little gift; which in return, grants me a trait of the being I healed. Now that I think of it, something should be changing about me now. . ." he mumbled," . . . wonder what it'll be." "Gift? What gift?" "I don't know, I have always had it; but I do call it the Gift of the Healing Aura." Caleb lied, "I'm begging your pardon, my Lord, but our names have not been exchanged." "I am Denethor, son of Ecthelion, Lord and Steward of Gondor." He bowed formally, "I must express my gratitude for assisting me and my men in this battle, and also for saving my wife and son." Caleb felt himself growing tired, "It was no trouble. We were hunting those orc for quite a few days--" He felt a shift in his body, something changed, "What changed?" Garad was quick to answer, "Your hair is longer, and you are not so – boney now." Caleb burst out laughing, "I think this -- gift -- of mine is going to drive me to insanity!" he shook his head in mirth, "Little One, you can come out of hiding now." "Humph! How'd you know I was there?" the small boy asked grumpily. The son of Denethor came out from a small brush by the tree, blushing cutely, and looking very guilty. "I could hear you." "Boromir! Go back to your mother." Denethor commanded. "Why were you hiding back there, Little One?" Boromir looked between his father and the man who saved his mommy. He ducked his head, and murmured his answer. He looked up through his lashes to the kind, silver-haired man, to see him smiling. Boromir, forgetting his father, jumped at the man, hugging him fiercely. "Thank you for saving Mother." Caleb tensed in surprise, and then relaxed slightly. He chuckled, "You are welcome. You should go now, I have something to discuss with your father." Boromir ran off quickly, and Caleb looked to Denethor, who was looking oddly back at him. "Children always seem to trust me; I have no idea why though--"he motioned to himself, "I have to be pretty scary looking with these oh so frightening claws and teeth. Anyways, as I told Boromir I have something to discuss with you." "What would that be, Prince?" "I was wondering if I could travel back to Gondor with you, my Lord. I have not seen much more of Middle-earth than the lands of the Silverfang tribe." He considered it for a moment, and then nodded. "If that is what you wish, I would be happy to invite you along." 'Sweet. . . that was easy.' Caleb celebrated the easy victory in his head; and outwardly smiled and gave the Steward of Gondor his thanks.