reversing our unhappy situation. I was never planning to blame you." Legolas brushed aside tear-dampened hair and kissed my cheek. "Fear me no more, my darling. Please. I love you." "I love you as well, Legolas." How could I give this man anything less than all of me? I should have come to him about this sooner. Years sooner. It would have saved me a lot of grief and daymares filled with such raw hurt I nearly died each time I went to sleep. But there was still another issue that weighed heavily on my shoulders, so to say. "What about my wings? Do they give you reason to fear me? " My husband pulled back to study my face, as if trying to figure out my incentive for asking that. "No, my star," he finally answered, and threw back his head and laughed. If I had been confused about our relationship before, I was well and truly baffled now. What kind of husband reassured his wife that he loved her, and then turned around and laughed at her in the same breath? "What?" I asked, recoiling defensively. My wings squeezed in closer around us, trying to cocoon me from what they thought was a threat. My harsh tone quieted him instantly. Legolas faced me, swinging his legs so he was straddling the branch we sat on. He smiled softly, taking my hand in his. "You truly do not know?" He whispered. "Know what?" I spat. Unhindered by the words laced with childish attitude, he went on, his harmonious voice rising with every crack of thunder. "That my love for you is not based on superficial things. Nor is it earned by your deeds, past, present or future. For sure I have known you to be an absolute beast in the morning when you wake." I rolled my eyes and huffed, looking away. If this was Legolas' attempt at cheering me up, it wasn't working at the moment. "My point is, I love you out of choice. I love you for who you are, wings and all. And I believe you to be the most beautiful woman I've ever seen." Said flying appendages fluttered, and let loose a perfect, creamy-white feather, which he let float onto his waiting palm, as if they had forgiven him for his earlier offense. I scoffed. "Yeah, love me for how long? Until you get tired of how ugly I am? Don't fool yourself, Legolas. I disgust you." Legolas gazed at me with hurt in his eyes. After a moment of feeling my cheeks burn under his disappointment, he raised our left hands, which were still intertwined. He looked at our wedding bands, contemplating what to say next. "You are my wife, and I your husband." He looked up and stared unblinkingly into my eyes. It was a battle not to look away in shame. Normally I was excellent at holding anyone's gaze. But not now. I felt tears clog the back of my throat and I swallowed hard. Perhaps I had crossed the line this time. "However, I cannot make you do something. It is your choice to decide whether to believe me or not. I am only sorry you think me low enough to be capable of this. But hear me now, Elenwe." He let go of my hand and grasped my shoulders, making sure I had no room to escape. I shivered at the frosty-blue intensity of his irises, flecked with glowing silver. My jaw hung open slightly in anticipation. "You ARE beautiful. A different kind of beautiful. And you should not be ashamed of who you are or what you look like. When I married you, I promised to love you forever, no matter what happens, through everything. Even if you have wings, I don't care . You are mine, you are wonderful, and I love you with all that I am." No longer could I dam up my sobs. They came in full force, choking me and making it hard to breathe. Lightning flashed and thunder roared and the next thing I knew, Legolas and I were clinging to each other for dear life. I buried my face in his warm neck, taking comfort in the fact that he could be trusted. I knew in my heart Legolas would never say something important like that and not mean it. It was impossible for him. Just as it was impossible for us to stop loving each other. My words came in cracked, breathy intervals when I tried to speak. "Legolas, I, I'm so so so sorry. You don't know how, sorry I am for even thinking, to accuse you like that…" "Sh, my star. It's all right now. Everything's going to be better from now on." Legolas caressed my back, occasionally stroking the downy softness of the base feathers on my wings. It filled me with pleasure, and a warm feeling spread in my heart in an area that had been very cold for far too long. After what seemed like hours but was probably only a few minutes, Legolas untwisted his arms from me and I looked at his face, my eyes red and puffy. I had calmed down in his embrace, and was assured now more than ever of the love we shared. "Do you forgive me for being such a jerk, Legolas?" I asked quietly. My husband smiled, laughing a little as he cupped my cheek in his hand. I leaned into it, relishing the feeling. "Yes, Elenwe, I forgive you for being a jerk." He didn't even attempt to sugarcoat my sin, but I didn't mind, because it was the truth and I deserved it. Then he tilted his head and I, knowing exactly what would happen when he did that, copied him and we kissed, long and passionately. My wings began to flap excitedly, opening our tent and letting the rain drench us to the bone. But we ignored them, lost in our blessing of love.