it is hard to travel from where I am Remember, one will die each week. Make haste, we don't want to wipe out the line of Isildur, do we? All I want is you and Legolas and Elrohir, though anyone who accompanies will, of course, share your fate. Make your choice quickly. Ever yours, Tirion Years earlier… "Why did you attack us!?!" Aragorn screamed at his wide-eyed captive. "Who sent you!?" Elrohir persisted. "Elladan… I need him. Where is he?" "You see the ones you wounded? The ones you killed? What did they do to you? For the Valar's sake, WHO SENT YOU?!?!" "If you kill me, I will go to Mandos, and they will see my cause as just." "What was this great cause? To kill women and children?" Elrohir's questions grew increasingly desperate. "Estel! Estel! Where is he? Where's Elladan?" Chapter 5 Leaning over you here, Cold and catatonic, I catch a brief reflection Of what you could and might have been, It's your right and your ability To become my perfect enemy… -A Perfect Circle, "Passive" "Why did you lie to me, nana!?" Eldarion asked, trying to keep his anger in check and failing miserably. The door remained closed to him, but he could hear her moving around. He had been standing outside her chambers for about 10 minutes now, ever since he'd finished translating the letter. "I read the letter, nana. I know you lied." Of course that was a little lie in itself. His mother hadn't lied, she'd merely changed the tone of the letter, and omitted certain parts, like the existence of a sister. He had to admit, this was the angriest he had ever been. Through his anger, he thought he heard a choking noise, almost like a sob. He thought it came from his mother's room, and started another episode of ranting. "Mother, we all make mistakes. And if you did…love Legolas, I just want you to admit it. I just want to know the truth. Nana…" "'Dar!" But the cry wasn't from the room. He glanced behind him and saw nothing. He was about to disregard what he'd just heard, when he saw something lying in his periphery. Something lying in a puddle of… He forgot the letter and rushed to the side of his nephew, Melannen's son, not yet six years old. The child's breath was ragged, but no other sound was coming. He lay in a dark corner of the hall, and Eldarion had a hard time finding the source of the wound. When he finally felt his fingers sink unnaturally deep into the child's side, his nephew let out a scream that would have made an orc shudder. "Uncle 'Dar, help me!" He yelled as he clutched to Eldarion's shirt. Even in the shadows the boy's eyes were red and tear-filled. "It hurts so much…" "HELP!!!" Eldarion yelled louder than he ever had before. Almost immediately, he heard footsteps coming. He wished they would run faster… "Uncle 'Dar…please…" The boy's voice dropped down to almost a whisper, "He was right… I am afraid of death…" "No…no…no. Stay with me…" But it was already too late. He knew even as people finally arrived panting and armed that his nephew wouldn't breathe again. At the same time, he heard his mother's door unlock. If Eldarion had been tired that morning, he was wide awake now. It almost sickened him, the way death made his adrenaline spike. This couldn't be natural. But his heart had been pounding all the way to the houses of healing, where he was told what he already knew, was still pounding when he returned to the hallway and found the finger- a pinkie this time- that he had expected to find. It was still pounding when he asked one of the servants if they had seen his mother at all that day. "No, my lord. I haven't heard a sound from her. I thought she was still in bed…" His heart was still threatening to break through his ribs when he reached for the bedroom door knob and turned it, finding no resistance. But it stopped when he surveyed the scene inside. Everything was at first glance organized and clean, which is what unnerved him. There was nobody in the room to mess things up. Carefully, Eldarion stepped further into the room. The one thing out of place in this too-neat room was a letter, folded up and sealed with the royal crest. Carefully, trying to remember to breathe, he picked up the letter and began to read. It was written in the common tongue, and took only seconds to read through: Eldarion, What you must think of me. I have lied to you, something I never wanted to do to you. I haven't stopped crying, which must unnerve and anger you. And now you must think I had something to do with the death of Melannen's son. I feel I owe you a quick explanation. He is coming to find me, I have no time to talk, so I must be brief. Tirion and I knew each other in Rivendell. He is a very dangerous, unstable man. Do not believe everything he says, though he will stand by his every word, more often than not he lies to himself. I am going to Rivendell. If I am lucky, he will follow, and not kill anyone else from our family. If you are like your father, you will disregard anything I say about not following me. However, for the first time in my life I wish you will not act like him. There is nothing else I can say, I can hear him coming. Stay safe. Find Legolas and ask him. Nana Below there was an almost illegible scrawl in elvish. Though it was only one sentence, it took him what seemed like an eternity to read it: Send Legolas and Elrohir to Rivendell, human, or find your mother's head sent to you in a basket.