replied the stranger, "and even the heir of Aragorn, son of Arathorn, stands confused before me at my words. How this reminds me of my conversations many ages before, where proud Gimli would regard me with confusion, as if I spoke in riddles or Quenya!" "Stranger!" Replied Hector, "you say now that I am the heir of your long passed friend? That my line extends and once ruled over a land of Gondor? You forget that our family, fiercely proud of our line, can trace our history back, from our ancestor Tros, to his grandfather Dardanus and to the mighty and powerful Zeus, who resides on his throne in Olympus." "True that your line is long, but its start is not with Zeus, who you believe rules from the sky with his wife, fair Hera. Your line stretches farther than you can conceive, and, indeed, does not start with Aragon but further still stretches to those immortal twins who chose wisely for themself and further still until the creation of this land and the first passage of my people." "And by this, stranger, you tell me through your stories of friendship that you are eons old? Perhaps immortal?" "Take from that what you will," he replied, although the light of Selene showed Hector a man who took no care of the passing of days or nights, and who sought light for other reasons than those of Man would. "But in my revelations, I still seek to console you and to give you reason for fighting against those who would wish to take away your peace and people. At some point, you will be no doubt called upon to battle against a man of the enemy, perhaps Agamemnon, Ajax or Odysseus. These men, although campaigning with malicious purpose, are strong and cunning, and will not hesitate against you. After your sacrifices are made to Apollo and the thigh bone of your whitest heifer is burned upon the fire and the entrails buried among the hot embers, you must also cast your mind to your friends and family, and remember why you fight as fiercely as you must." "And yet you tell me to offer tribute to the Gods, although you yourself are immortal and wise?" "I did not come here to bring doubt into your mind about your ways and your beliefs. These are yours and are not mine to take away. Do your rituals and sacrifices as you always would, for these actions may bring comfort to you and to those who believe in their power. Of the Gods' existence, I will not speak, for it is not my place to do so." Hector nodded, his mind whirling with the information he had learned. He wondered whether the man was indeed not a God, but instead a Titan. His admission of being unable to see the future meant he was not Prometheus, although his interest in Man spoke of a similar disposition. The night had become still during their talk, until only the distance sounds of restless birds could be heard echoing. He thought of his son and wife, and whether either had noticed his absence. Soon, Dawn would arise in her fresh and rosy-cheeked way, and the war council would make a decision. Soon, he would face a warrior of renown in single combat and battle for the fate of his people and city. Or, he reminded himself, for the fate of his wife and child. The stranger didn't speak, but looked out towards the fires of the enemies camp and then turned away. He watched as the man walked away from him, his footsteps light and soundless. His own breathing seemed loud in comparison to his quiet ways. Although he longed to shout and stop the man from leaving, the words died in his throat. In his time of need, motivation had presented itself. If the stranger had wished to offer more, he would have done so at his own volition. A part of him that he never wanted to fully acknowledge, feared the stranger who had revealed to him secrets that he dared not fully believe. Perhaps, questioning the Gods would be his downfall? Perhaps, the stranger had been a test of Apollo and had spoken in riddles and analogies, and not in truths? His mind felt clouded as he thought, as if some subtle magic had caused his thoughts to fly to the wind and refuse to manifest. A new thought occurred to him and he wondered at how he could so readily allow the stranger to depart. Since his youth, he had yearned for a visit from some being who could guide him and provide him with the secrets of the world. Yet, one had presented himself and he had so quickly allowed him to slip off, without even a parting word. Within a moment, the haze had disappeared and he found his voice once more. "Do not leave! I have more to ask!" The darkness swallowed the stranger, leaving Hector alone atop the walls of Troy. He breathed in the fresh, cold air. In the silence, his breath sounded loud and oafish, as if disturbing the tranquil peace of the space. He sighed, accepting that the situation had always been out of his control. He probably had been chosen for the visit, long ago. Even if it seemed that the stranger had spied him from afar. It was easier for him to accept that the situation was beyond him than rue the opportunity that he had missed. The first touches of light started to glimmer at the horizon, as if a curtain was being slowly drawn open on the world. He turned away, seeking warmth of his wife's body beside him and the sounds of his son as he greeted another new day. AN: I hope that you enjoyed that... let me know if you had any thoughts or critique. Also, let me know if you have any suggestions for other timelines and scenarios.