tark tried to kill me. When snaga tried to kill me in the pits. When other Uruk tried, I killed. Doesn't mean I liked it." He looked at her, those pale blues eyes seeming to glow with a kind of fire. "Because I am Uruk-Hai, tark will kill me whenever they find me. I will fight until I die. I hate it, but I have to. I may be a fool, but I am still fighting Uruk-Hai." The faint light of his eyes seemed magnified by pride. She snorted at him. "Your kind fought real well at Helms Deep. I heard those cowards scream as they were rode down and the trees took them." He roared in anger, thrashing at his bounds. Gléowyn jumped up, pulling her daggers as the ropes frayed at his struggles. What was this? Maybe he had been at Helms Deep. "Stop now or I will kill you!" He stopped and roared at her, as much as the low rumble could be called a roar. "Ufthak and Frûshkul! Brother! Father! DIED THERE TARK BITCH! NOT COWARDS! WARRIORS! UFTHAK SLEW PRINCE OF ROHAN WITH ONLY HIS SWORD, NO ARMOR OTHER THAN LEATHER SHIRT AND PANTS! NO COWARDS!" She looked taken back as his struggles ceased and he started crying again. At first, she had thought his tears fake, but now, she wasn't so sure. They were dark where the tears of Man where clear, and they were great big drops that ran in silent tracks down his black face. "I thought that Uruk-Hai were pulled from the ground. They had no families." Ashbazg choked back a sob as he looked at the woman of Rohan. "Mothers are raped by orcs. We are cut from them and put in the Earth. Months pass, in the Earth it is years. I was in the ground two months, and came out aged 16. Frûshkul taught me how to fight. How to hunt. How to live. He was 29 summers old. One of the oldest that marched. He was like a father. So he was my father. Ufthak was my friend. He saved my life when I escaped Isengard and was chased home by the horse lords. The Prince struck so many of us down. Only he stood, with the sword he called Biter, and brought him to bay. Killed him to save me. They both marched off to Helms Deep, and they are most likely dead. But they were no cowards tark. Not those two. No cowards and they did not scream in fear." Gléowyn was confused. By all accounts, Orcs, even the Uruk-Hai of Saruman, weren't supposed to have emotions beyond rage and murderous thoughts. But here this one sat, crying. Not only crying, but mourning two of its own kind that it said had been his only family. In disgust, she also turned over the other piece of information he had given her. The women who made them were raped, and they were cut out before their time. So those women most likely died in that process. No Uruk had a chance to know their mother. All their mothers were dead. She made a choice, then and there. Her father had always told her to trust her instincts, and they would never lead her wrong. Walking to the back of the tree, she took a deep breath and began to saw through the ropes. He had not seen her, his eyes were still closed due to his shame. He was flawed, Uruk-Hai did not cry. This proved what they all said about him. He was too much of Man, not enough of his Orc blood. He doubted that Ufthak and Frûshkul would have cried over him. They most likely would have thought of him as good riddance, and been happy they no longer had to watch out for him constantly. No Uruk-Hai would have cried for him. They had not cried for any other of his brothers that had died, even though he had cried deep in the pits alone. The snaga had not ridiculed him like his brothers did. They mourned their brothers that died, and they mourned other things to. The talked of their wives and pups, the dark places under the Misty Mountains where they had their cities and where they lived. Others, the stronger ones who could stand pale sun, talked of the settlements on the side of the mountains, where they lived in the fresh air. They told him of the yellowhairs that attacked any Orc settlement, how they had to fade into the mountains and lick their wounds, mourning the dead. They had told him how they loved, how they married, how they had families. They had shown him their tattoos, the clan markings that said who they were. He even had his own tattoo, given to him by one of the forge orcs, a swirl of yellow ink that stood out on the black skin of his chest. They had told him that it represented what he could do. He was of their blood, but he had Man blood as well. He could walk in the sun, so they had tattooed the sun on his chest. He felt the ropes give away and looked up. The woman stood before him, a warrior woman. He had never seen any, but she was one definitely. She stood defiant and strong in front of him, so much smaller but not afraid. He looked at her, the question plain on his brutish face. "If you try to touch me beast, you will die. But I will let you live for now. You are still my prisoner, and I will escort you out of the lands of Rohan and into other lands and you will be rid of me when you build you a home and I can guarantee that you will not slaughter and raid innocents. Do you understand?" Ashbazg bowed his head, the words rumbling through the thick emotions of his chest. "My lady."