need to move to balance it." Legolas stood up, not even with a trace of awkwardness, and started again. This time he got it, so fast, that I felt a tinge of envy. How did Elves do everything so well? "This is... not something I have heard of." Legolas finally stopped, sliding sideways off it easily, and stood up. "Will you bring it?" I suddenly wondered how good an idea that'd be. I didn't really have much experience on it, except for ...well, except for straight sealed sidewalks, and that was mostly when I'd been a kid. This bike idea had been an impulse thing after I'd seen my own reflection. "I... I guess. But are you riding?" "Not that I think...?" There we go, I wanted to say, no. Still I couldn't quite say no. Would that be weird? To take a bike? Probably. "I don't know it'd work. Really. Mountains." "Yes, without a horse, these wheels..." Legolas said softly. He stood up suddenly, glancing over his shoulder. "I must go. I will see you in the morning." "Not going to be at dinner?" I asked, before I could think, and flushed somewhat as his eyes caught mine. "We eat alone tonight and prepare. I will see you in the morning, before the sun rises." I was woken early the next day by my friendly pair of maids. Healers. Whatever they were. Dazed, sleepy and a little confused, I found myself wandered into one last bath. This one had a strong fragrance. I sat in it, half asleep, as they wandered around with fabrics. Objects. It took me ten or more minutes before I really got what these things were, and another five minutes before I started to care about the fact that I was naked in a bath with a couple of Elven women with perfect bodies wandering around me. "Do you want these?" They were holding the bag of crystals up, and the jewellery, and I stared at it. "Um. I guess so." I tried to cover myself with bubbles and flowers as they walked around, dropping some stiff fabric stuff on the bench nearby, or in a small pack. A very small pack. How much stuff could they really put in there? "My Lady. It's time." I got up slowly, grabbing for the fabric, only to get surrounded the second I was out of the bath. Some kind of underwear thing. Sheer Leggings that clung to my legs much more than I really liked and that covered my feet as well. Cotton shirt. What surprised me though was what came next, some kind of thin leather thing, something that squashed boobs down to half their size. Then, a tunic, which was also kind of stiff around the chest. "What's this?" "Armour, light." It was a little heavy, I noticed, but it wasn't that bad. I flexed my body slowly as I stared at it. I could move pretty much as good as ever in this stuff. The blonde Elf woman, Maid B, smiled somewhat. "Elven armour is designed to allow the body to move. Lift a leg." I stared down and saw a second pair of leggings. Stiffer. Thicker? "More armor?" "No, but protective." The leggings were helped on, not that I really needed it with the flexibility of the chest stuff, and they covered the sheer ones beautifully. Wool maybe? Dark grey. Boots were offered and I hesitated. "The last didn't fit..." I muttered. "We know. We measured your feet when you slept last night." Maid A shoved one on my foot, quickly, What ! A tunic was shoved over my head, the sides laced up, a light brown that had light blue scrolling along the edges. It was pretty but kind of rough, the fabric more tough than pretty, and I noticed the fabric was kind of slippery. "Waterproofed?" I guessed. "Yes." Arms up. I blinked, I'd thought that'd been it, but no. Something else was dropped over my head and there was something strapped... "What's this?" "To protect your chest from the bow. And this," A belt was looped over the tunic, "Is for the sword." I was starting to feel heavy now. Everything felt thick, kind of warm, and I had this bad feeling that after a day of walking I'd reek. Damn. Stop complaining! This was special! Hadn't Boromir said there was only supposed to be nine? Even more was put on, long thin tube things around my wrists, a thicker leather again. To protect my wrists? Um, okay. "Um, so..." I said softly. "Thanks. For helping." "It's our duty." Oh, okay. Something over my shoulder got my attention. It was long and it had arrows. Oh, it was a quiver. Something heavy was dropped on my hip, just as the sun burst into the room, covering us in golden light. My sword glinted up at me. My sword! Wow. I gaped down at it. This was really happening. "Wenduin, here." A strap was offered to me. Before I knew it, something else was on my back, and I felt something near it. One more quick glance over my shoulder confirmed it was the pack and the bow. "If you need the bow, simply tug it, it will come free." A necklace was dropped over my head. It was made from one of the crystals, amethyst, and I fingered the pretty little silver chain. Had it had a chain last night? I didn't think so. "We had it created into a necklace for you." Maid B smiled a little. "To stay safe." It suddenly occurred to me that I didn't know their names yet, these maid women, but just as I opened my mouth to ask... I was being led forward. Out the door, where Gandalf was waiting, leaning somewhat on his staff. "It's time." He smiled, holding his arm out, and glanced back. Frodo, Sam, Pippin and Merry were close behind, all of them dressed and ready as well. "Come."