the practice fields where he spends untold hours, far into the night, sometimes all night, doing what he loves and what is truly part of him. I have seen him draw his bow again and again until his fingers have bled. And his practice has paid off. He far surpasses his brothers - nay - all of Mirkwood, I would wager, with his ability. And as if that were not enough, he is on a par with Ellarian when it comes to wielding those long knives of his and fast moving up on Ivran who is many millennia older than he. Do you even know this?" "Of course I do," the king snapped. "I know everything about him." Which of course, he did not. Not any longer. "You know nothing of him if you insist upon this course of action," Galvreth warned. In his desperation, the King's advisor placed his hands on the desk, mimicking Thranduil's posture of moments before. His eyes captured his friend's and he did not flinch away from that ice-cold gaze. "I think, perhaps, that you do know these facts about your son. Why else would you have confused Legolas's request? Because you know that he deserves what he does not even ask for. He is your greatest archer, my king. He should be representing Mirkwood in this contest. He could be among your greatest captains, if you would only give him the chance." Thranduil said nothing, appearing to be at least contemplating his seneschal's words. Galvreth cocked his head, taking advantage of the king's silence. "There are other reasons at play for why you refuse him," he said, gently. "What are they, I wonder? Fear that something will happen to him, perhaps? It is a valid fear. The lives of our soldiers hang by a thread. And you have lost much, I know. To lose your youngest, most precious child would be catastrophic. Legolas has a special light, a special place in all of our hearts, as well. Yet, I fear that light will fade, my king, if you continue to protect him. He is a warrior, Thranduil. He has the skills and temperament of a great one. He is quiet and submissive, to your eyes, doing what you demand of him. But I see him, where you do not. Boiling under the surface is frustration and resentment. His frustration will become anger if you force him to be what he is not. And he is not a scholar or a scribe." "I am not training him to be a scribe!" Thranduil shot back, suddenly furious, slamming his hand onto the desk with a crash, whatever contemplative mood he had been under, vanquished. "He is to advise his brother. I can think of no greater task to give a subject than to be the right arm of a king, one that the king relies and depends on to support him in all matters. You, as my closest advisor, would be wise to remember that!" Galvreth knew he was treading dangerous waters and at once bowed his head, deferentially. Thranduil sniffed in acceptance of the action, his anger only slightly assuaged. But Galvreth knew that he yet held the king's interest, if only for a moment and he pressed forward, understanding that he needed to plead Legolas's case for the penneth would not have another chance for centuries to come, if Galvreth failed now, centuries that the prince might not be willing, or able, to give. "I remember my duty, my lord and I am attempting to perform it. I am indeed your advisor, and an advisor offers advice. It is my job to tell His Majesty when I believe he is making a mistake, even when such advice is unwelcome and certainly when the end result could be tragic." "You are being melodramatic, Galvreth," the king snorted, choosing to make light of Galvreth's arguments, using a convenient and quite effective tactic for ending a discussion short of commanding it closed. "Come now! Tragic? Legolas may be chafing at his bit, somewhat – I will agree with you there. He is young. Of course he is desirous of adventure. But that will fade with time. Perhaps I will take him with me to Laketown the next time I go," he said, his mood suddenly lightening as he recognized a possible solution to his problem that he could live with. "Not this time, of course, for I will be gone far too long with the trip to Dorwinion to make, as well. But the next trip, surely. That will give him a chance to get out of the palace. Have a little adventure…" "He does not need a 'little adventure', Thranduil," Galvreth interrupted, before the king went any further down this wholly inadequate and erroneous path. "I am not talking about an energetic Elfling who needs to sow wild oats. I am talking about an Ellon who needs to set a path for himself, one that he can dedicate himself to, something he can work towards and be proud of. If you do not allow him this, his desire for adventure will not be the only thing that fades with time!" "Again, Galvreth with the histrionics," Thranduil stated, waving his hand dismissively. "It matters not to me what Legolas wants or doesn't want. He is my son and he will damn well do his duty. And his duty is mine to determine, mine to command. We have work to do, today. Real work. Let us get to it." And at that, the conversation was over. But Galvreth knew, deep in his heart, that it was truly only the beginning. There was a rude awakening for all to come, of that he was certain and it was only a question of how long it would be to the awakening and the degree of rudeness to be experienced. Dictionary: Penneth – young one Naneth - mother Adar - father Ellith – female Elf, plural Ellon – male Elf, singular