killed me with that bow of his, no questioned asked... I can tell neither him nor the short fella trusts me.. Well.. I can say at least the feeling's mutual...' The brunette thought with a deep sigh. At the same instant Legolas and Gimli were thinking the exact same thing: 'We're. Trusting. Her? ' As this thought echoed angrily in their minds, Ami and Strider stared at the two of them. Ami went up to Legolas, and on her tip toes, waved her hand in front of his keen Elf eyes. "Hello? Is anyone there, Master Greenleaf?" Ami called, as if he was far away, still waving her hand in his face. "Umm, Strider? Are you sure you're friends are okay...? They seem.. Kinda' to be in shock.. That or they're really upset..." Ami said, backing away slowly at her own statement. Legolas blinked slowly, rolling his eyes in a look of pure annoyance at Ami who stared at him questioningly. Legolas turned his attention fully to her, his Elvish eyes seeing the emotions that were shown in the girl's bright hazel eyes. Mostly confusion and puzzlement remained in their depths.. But there was something else there. Hurt. Had he hurt her feelings when he rolled his eyes? Legolas returned Ami's puzzled look with an almost a mirror like accuracy. Then the hurt was gone in an instant, anger replaced it and all that had been so clear in the green-blue essence of Ami's eyes. Legolas returned to scowling at the young woman, thinking bitterly 'Trouble. That's all this woman shall be on this journey, trouble, and more than she's worth...' Growing tired of being stared at by the Elf clad in green, Ami frowned and snapped "What? What did I do? What did I do to be such a terrible hindrance towards you and you're friends, hmm Mister-I'm-too-good-for-words?" Ami snarled waving her arms around herself. "'Cause if I'm too much trouble for you, I could just leave, you know. I'm not bound to you in any way, shape or form." she said choosing her words carefully so as not to confuse the Human, Dwarf, and Elf around her. "True, I could just leave you to your business and never return. Never darken your camp fire again, never ruin your peaceful evening again." Ami said on a roll now, not stopping for anybody. How dare this guy! She hadn't done anything to him, and yet he treated like a immature child tagging along with them. "Look, if this is about your friend's arm, I'm sorry, but I don't take well to being grabbed.." Ami said looking at Strider, who, along with Gimli, just stared at Ami. She waited for Legolas to answer or to try to defend himself from her verbal attack, but even still, the blonde haired Elf said nothing. "Are you just going to stand there and say nothing? Can you even hear me?" Ami shouted, getting really worked up. She walked right over to him and looked him right in the eye. "Just let me ask you this.. And I want you to answer me this time.. What is your problem with me?" She asked calmly, her rage still burning in her eyes. "My problem with you is that you do not belong here." Legolas muttered, leaning down as if Ami was a small child. "One: you are woman. Two: you can fight. Three: It is obvious that you are not of this world." He said venomously. Ami raised an eyebrow. "Is that it? " She asked incredulously. "You're bugging out because I'm a woman, I can fight, and that I'm not from this world... Right. Man, here I was thinking that there was actually intelligent life in other worlds... Guess males here are just as bad at home..." She said looking up at the sky, then she patted Legolas's arm as if he was an old friend. "Aw well, I guess I should leave you proud strong males to your direly important business, quest type thing. After all, I'm just a poor, pathetic, good-for-nothing woman, aren't I?" Ami said in a sugary sweet voice that was dripping with sarcasm. Then she turned to Legolas once again, leaned in real close and hissed "Like you said, I'll be so much more trouble than I'm worth, aye Master Greenleaf?" Legolas's eyes widened in shock "You read my thoughts.." He whispered, taking a step back. "Neigh Master Greenleaf, I did not read thine Elvish thoughts, but I sensed your true feelings towards me. I found out plain and clear that you don't like me or my being here." Ami said in a false English accent as she circled around Legolas, who watched suspiciously, following the girl's every move. "Obviously you've never heard of Empathy in this world..." Ami said with a sigh. Legolas's blue eyes widened even more as he watch the girl with keen interest now. Ami smiled wryly, taking notice of the Elf's sudden interest in her. "Ah, so you have heard of Empathy.. Well, I have it and I can read your every emotion without fail. Does that ebb some of your suspicion of me?" She asked dryly. "Some." Legolas agreed, but then he questioned further, "But that still remains why you are not of this very world.. Where did you come from and who sent you?" He asked sharply. "I am from the Planet Earth, and I do not know who 'Sent' me herebut if I did know I'd slice the guy to ribbons, that I'm certain." Ami said angrily, clenching her fists. "I was walking around my home, when all of the sudden this wind came out from no where and I was gonna get blown away, but I kept on walking until I came to this big ball of flashing light, then it- the bloody thing spoke to me! I think whoever created the ball of light sent me here... Now... Here I am." You guys like? First story ever here! PLZ REVIEW!