crusted to the base, there was no way his knife would be able to – Snap. Clack. Not only had the spring snapped to bits, but the jaws had sprung apart without any further assistance. The badger let out a surprised snarl as the jaws ripped free of its fur and flesh, and it took advantage of its renewed autonomy by leaping square into Elrond's chest, claws flailing, teeth flashing. Elrond, whose arms had flown instinctively to cover his face, had no time to cry out in surprise, and was knocked backwards from his kneeling position to land on his back. He heard Gil-galad shout, but mostly his senses were concerned with the snarling, spitting face that hung not a foot from his own, and the long, sharp claws that buried themselves into his tunic and pierced his torso. Before he could gather his wits enough to reach for his knife, and before Gil-galad could come forward with his own blade, the thing had sprung off, leaving Elrond winded but intact. It bounded away much more quickly than Elrond would have expected such a heavy beast to be able to move, especially given its injuries, but it was gone within a handful of seconds, entering back into its own haunts. Gil-galad held out a hand for Elrond. He took it and let the king draw him to his feet. "That's great," said the hunter, "That's just great. Lettin' it free. Coulda killed it but no, you did the right thing. The noble thing. The elf thing, huh? Care for all life, even the flea-bitten, rabid, dangerous life. Let me tell you, that'll be twelve less rabbits on my table this winter." A dozen waspish replies crowded Elrond's mind, but his diaphragm was only just starting to work again. "Look, it ripped up your shirt and ran away. That's the thanks you get," scoffed the man. "It thinks it's escaping certain death! It doesn't even know you helped it!" "That wasn't exactly the point," Elrond replied, and looked mournfully down at his ruined tunic. It was stained with blood front and back – he hoped it was mostly badger blood – and had a series of little holes down the front where the badger's claws had done their work. "This was one of my nice ones, too," he sighed to himself. "Are you hurt?" asked Gil-galad. "I'm fine." "Let us take our leave of the abrasion of his voice, then." The man behind them had fallen into a fit of quiet curses as he crouched by his broken trap, and he did not seem to notice or care when Gil-galad led the way back to the trail and into the woods towards the road. "I am impressed, Elrond. I did not know you had skills dealing with wild beasts." "You are mistaken, my lord. I have no such skills. To approach a wounded badger is unadulterated inanity and as much as I am loath to admit it, the man was right. I am lucky to have gotten away with only a ruined tunic." They came out of the woods and back onto the road, where their horses waited serenely, browsing the sedges and grasses. "Do you have an extra?" Gil-galad asked as he reached to stroke his grey horse's neck. "An extra what?" asked Elrond, who likewise greeted his horse. "Tunic." "No, of course not. We will be back at the havens before midday tomorrow, I had not expected I would need one." "Tsk. You may be a loremaster and a healer," said Gil-galad, and unfastened the sack that he'd had tied loosely to his horse, "but you are still an inexperienced warrior-traveler. Always be prepared." A mass of fabric hit Elrond in the chest. He took it in his hands and held it out in front of him. It was one of Gil-galad's silk tunics, embroidered finely with navy and gold thread. It was rather stunning, though most of Gil-galad's tunics were such. Elrond held it back to Gil-galad. "Thank you, but I cannot be so bold as to march into Harlond wearing the finery of the high king." "I would rather see my escort enter Harlond wearing my own tunic than one that is torn and bloody." "Gil-galad," protested Elrond, "besides the audacity of such an action, your tunic is…" He regarded it. "Well, it's not my size." "Are you calling me fat?" "I am calling you barrel-chested," Elrond said tactfully. "I would look like a drowned rat." "Nonsense. Put your jerkin on over it, nobody will notice." "But – " "You will make me late for the Council," Gil-galad said imperiously, and swung himself onto his horse, barely suppressing a smile. "Change, and let us get on." Gil-galad urged his horse forward at a slow walk down the road. Elrond, glowering, removed his shredded, linen tunic and cast it to the woods. He paused to look down at himself before going to don the king's tunic, and frowned in dismay. "I will stain your tunic red if I put it on," he called. He couldn't tell how much of the blood was the badger's and how much was his own from the badger's claws. It wasn't excessive but it would assuredly deface the fine garment. "I have countless tunics finer than that rag," replied Gil-galad, calling over his shoulder. "Such is the burden of a king." Elrond rolled his eyes and pulled the tunic over his head before opening his bag, drawing out his jerkin, and pulling it around his torso. Hopefully it would hide any bloodstains. He mounted his horse and galloped to catch up with Gil-galad, whose mouth was set in a severe frown, and whose eyes shone with mirth. "I know what we shall tell them when they ask why you are wearing my tunic," the king said, after a moment's contemplation. "Don't say it," said Elrond. "The escort saved the high king from being badgered. A tunic was lost in the process." Elrond sighed.