Elrohir's bed, stared intently at him, and when the advisor spoke, his voice was extremely grave. 'What happened?' So, Elrohir related the whole tale about how he had gone for a walk and met the young elfling and her dog and befriended her. Then, with some difficulty, he also told of Nessa's attack upon him and with a shudder, her terrible appearance and the torturous effects Elrohir himself had suffered when she had touched him. Whilst he spoke, Erestor sat listening hard, his lips thin and a worried frown creasing his brow. Finally, Elrohir finished relating the morning's events and gazed at the advisor who still sat, looking both extremely contemplative and worried. 'And this is exactly what happened, Elrohir?' he spoke softly. 'You have not omitted anything?' Elrohir shook his head. 'No, sir.' Erestor nodded shortly and rose. 'I must go. There are things now that I must see for myself immediately.' Elrond was on his feet at once. 'What do you know, Erestor? Why did this girl…this … thing, attack Elrohir?' Erestor sighed and resumed his seat. 'Lord Elrond, perhaps this would be best discussed in private?' 'No. I wish to discuss this here. Now.' With a deep sigh, the scribe relented. 'As you wish.' Erestor coughed smartly and spoke once more. 'There is a tale of a young elfling named Nessa who travelled with her father who was a messenger. She lived in Lorien, but when she visited here, she loved going down to the gardens to play in the morning with her dog. Then, one day, she was playing and slipped with her dog into the lake. An elf nearby heard her cries and jumped in to try and save her, but she fought against him and eventually she drowned.' Elrond nodded. 'But what does this have to do with my son?' 'They say the elf who tried to rescue Nessa had dark hair and since Nessa had lived amongst light haired elves all her life, she believed all dark haired elves were one family and resided only here. You see, she blamed the elf for her, and her dog's, demise' Erestor paused and looked sadly at the three seated before him, each hanging attentively to his every word. 'Until now,' he continued, 'I never believed the tales; for I myself have visited that lake sometimes. But now, I understand.' 'So…she thought I was related to that elf who tried to rescue her, and that's why she tried to kill me. For revenge on him?' Elrohir said slowly. Erestor nodded. 'It would certainly seem so." Elrond's face suddenly looked older as he gazed in deep concern at his advisor. 'What is to be done then?' he asked quietly. For a moment Erestor simply sat staid, rubbing his temples as he pondered the answer. 'The only way' he began slowly, 'to make sure this never happens again, is to first alert the whole of Imladris to the recent events and of Nessa's existence. No one is to set foot near or in that lake again, in fact, it may be best if the entire water gardens were closed, at least for the time being.' Elrond stared agape at this suggestion. 'But Erestor, surely you jest! Closed gardens will not keep her confined!' 'They will,' Erestor assured him, 'for I am sure she will never leave that lake. For that is where she died and only where she will want to gain revenge. With your permission, my lord, I shall alert those in charge of the gardens and then begin the spread of the news through Imladris.' Gravely, Elrond nodded his assent and closed his eyes wearily. 'I shall accompany you, Erestor.' 'Thank you, my lord. That is well.' finished Erestor with a bow. Before the advisor left, he took a moment to turn back to Elrohir and smiled gently down at him. 'Do not worry' he said simply, and then, with a swish of his ebony cloak, he turned on his heel and strode from the room, Elrond following close in his wake. Only minutes later, Elrohir rose steadily from his bed. 'Brother, I think I need some fresh air.' Then, catching sight of his brother's concerned expression, he added, 'I'll be back in a few minutes.' The night air was pleasantly cool and light, and gazing contemplatively across the valley and gardens of Imladris, Elrohir trembled as he recalled her terrible face. The stars glinted down innocently above him and though ordinarily he would have been glad of their beauty, his heart and mind weighed too heavily upon him for Elrohir to even consider them. Taking another draught of sweet air, Elrohir felt as though the painful memories were being numbed and cared for – if only for a short while. Finally, he felt more at ease and turned to go back inside. Then, from somewhere beyond the courtyard and through the gardens, there came a faint whistling. Soft though the sound was, Elrohir felt his blood run cold and his throat tightened as his breathing raced and heart pounded. In one quick movement, he all but ran back inside the room and sank down onto his head, breathing heavily. Looking up, Elrohir gazed into his brother's sympathetic and troubled eyes. 'She's out there even now' Elrohir stammered, and then, concealing his head in his palms, he wept openly. Elladan moved quickly from his own seat to his brother's bed and embraced him. Feeling a warm glow spread through him, Elrohir buried his face in Elladan's shoulder and sobbed as though his heart would break. Feeling his brother's anguish, Elladan felt tears spilling down his own cheeks. 'Hush, dear brother, hush' he crooned gently. 'She will never touch you again. I shall make certain of it.' When Lord Elrond returned half an hour later, he found them sleeping quite contentedly in each other's embrace. Seating himself, Elrond resigned to watching over them. He sat there, awake all night, and was still there when the morning came.