lavender. It gave him comfort. He could recognize scents. He could speak. He had memory of simple objects and language. All was not lost. The thought gave him comfort. The only thing he did not know was himself. He opened his eyes and saw two more elves stood behind Tuiven and Haldir, watching him solemnly. A blush crept upon his cheeks. He was making a show like some errant elfling. He breathed in the scent of the cloak again and willed himself to calm. "This is Mallos and Ferion," Tuiven introduced. He nodded his head in acknowledgment not lifting his face from the cloak. He was examined with gentle hands for signs of head trauma, none of which were found. His head did not ache and his vision was clear. He give was given a slice of way bread. Lembas bread they had called it, baked by their Lady. He had never tasted anything like it, he was sure his tongue would have remember such a flavor as his nose ahd remembered certain smells. The bread was plentiful, and he discovered after few bites he was sated. "Now what are we to do Captain?" Tuiven asked. The leader looked to him, "We shall rest here. I want a watch set at all times." "But it is still daylight." "That makes little difference. I shall take first watch." "Nay," the elf called Mallos said. "Captain, you always take first watch, and rest less often than the rest of us. I'll take first watch in your place." "Very well," the Haldir nodded, gathering a lone a bow and quiver leaning against a tree. He climbed into the branches of another, settling himself with the bow resting across his lap. Tuiven settled back down beside him. He did not think he had the energy to climb up into a tree like the Captain had. He felt himself thankful for the closeness, unsure what dangers lurked out here in daylight. He watched as Mallos gathered his weapons and walked off till he was out of sight, hidden between the mazes of trees. He allowed his eyes to drift shut, but found no sleep for a long while. He tried to remember something, anything about himself, but his mind was blank, filled with nothing but confusion and sadness. I am so alone. He shivered. He was shaken abruptly awake. He could feel it deep within him, something was approaching them. Tuiven was at his side, pulling him to his feet before he had fully opened his eyes. He faltered and Tuiven grasped his arm, and pulled him into a run. "What-" Tuiven shushed him. "Orcs approach. " It was nearly nightfall, darkness shrouded around them. "We cannot outrun them. To the trees, quickly" Some one called. Within seconds he found himself standing alone. The chill of darkness clung to him. A breeze blew through the night air. He looked frantically from left to right, then up to the branches of the tall tree. He legs felt wobbly and weak from the exertion of standing and running so suddenly. He knew he could not make the climb. His wrists pained him, he had little strength to his arms. "Come, quickly," Tuiven called. "Grab my hand." He squinted but could not see him above, nor could he make out the others. I am alone. The thought filled him with such despair. He felt he would collapse in on himself. The dark presence around him was smothering. He couldn't move. His hands shook, his heart raced. Run, run quickly, he heard the shouting in his mind as clearly as he felt the wind upon his face. The world spun, the trees swirled around him. He felt as though he were falling, and then realized, he did not hit the ground. He felt as though he were flying and realized he was being lifted, pulled up into the tree. He was sitting high above the ground upon a sturdy branch. Haldir was at his side, grasping him tightly. Weak and without energy, he sagged against the elf in relief. Haldir arranged the cloak so it fit around them both, the shimmering grey threads camouflaging them, becoming one and the same with the tree. He realized it was Haldir's cloak he had been wearing. He stiffened, hearing the grunts and sounds of orcs running below them. Fear and dread filled him. "You must relax and stay silent," Haldir said, his voice was barely audible, like a breath of wind against his ear. "Close your eyes. The orcs will soon pass." He did as he was bid. Closing his eyes he laid his head against Haldir's chest. Breathing in that familiar smoky sandalwood scent, he focused on the steady rhythm of Haldir's heartbeat. Calm and strong, Haldir was unafraid. He was unsure how long they stayed hidden. He had fallen into a light sleep against the alert Haldir. When Haldir had sensed the danger had passed, he was shaken lightly awake. With aid, he was able to climb down the tree. He landed on shaky legs; Haldir offered his hand, steadying him. A light wind pulled a bunch of loose leaves from their branches. His gaze thoughtfully trailed them as the falling green leaves spiraled down dancing through the air, fluttering softly towards the ground. A spark of energy surged through him, a flash of brilliant light piercing deeply within the shadowy depths of his mind. Legolas . A voice said, strong and familiar. He knew the voice but could place who it had belonged to. "Are you alright?" Haldir asked, watching him closely. He nodded slowly. He felt stronger, renewed. A leaf, perfect and green landed in the palm of his open hand. He looked towards Haldir, meeting his eyes with confidence. "Legolas," he repeated. His voice was barely above a delicate whisper; as if saying the word would make the fragile memory disappear again. Haldir's gaze was questioning. "My name," he said. "I remember now. My name is Legolas."