the stone, and I watch him die three Ages ago, and I begin to see my own broken fána at the Bauglir's mercy afterward. He stood above me, smiling just like the Maia in the stone, who is his shadow. My Master loves anything mangled. And oh, how mangled is the Maia grinning over Gorlim. The Master's voice at once resounds in my mind: "I'll twist you until you look like me." Gorlim and me - each coerced down the path to the dark, feeling the cost in our bodies, feeling the poison in our hearts. "Eilinel!" " Stop it. " My voice is feeble, disintegrating. "Stop it." The palantír slips, and I feel Narsil's resurrection sawing at our link, prying open the narrow space between my mind and the pictures in the stone. Too much weakness - I've faltered and given him a foothold. The stone falls from my psychic grasp, and I scramble to catch it, reeling like Gorlim. I cling to it, force my power over it like a bridle, and stab the sword back toward my rival. Quickly, quickly. And I'll try to be strong. I blot the glass with smoke and raise up Morgoth's temple: obsidian walls, tarnished dome. Númenor kneels before the altar, and I am securing the sacrifice's bonds. My rival perhaps won't notice how I don't look down to meet its eyes. My words are what ought rivet him - before I make a martyr. "In your presence, Melkor, Lord of Darkness, Lord of Gif-" No; no, not gifts. Annatar is not the Bauglir- not, not, not- "greatest and wisest of the Ainur, we offer you upon this altar a blemish among us, a traitor to the great Ar-Pharazôn-" The people chant as one: "May his star shine forever in the West." "We pray that by this criminal's obliteration we all might be purified; indeed he represents ourselves. We all lay down on-" My breath catches then and now. Your altar. "We all offer up to you every part..." Of ourselves. "Sh-shape us, mold... mold us, y-yes-" No no no no no. My hands are shaking, eyes are prickling. (I didn't mean to paint the mortal this .) "We want to be like you - " My fëa screams and writhes and bows its head to its knees. " - ...want... us to be." I can't. My voice is breaking. I can't keep on. "Give us life and bless the King," I mutter, rushing to finish and bowing my head. "May his star shine forever in the West." "My lord Zigur," one of Pharazôn's vipers croons quietly from beside me, "are you quite well?" "It's the smoke," I mutter. "Stings the eyes." My hold on the palantír remains intact; tenuous now, perhaps, but intact. I rush to reinforce it, steadying my hands and lifting my knife for the critical moment. But my fingers tremble, and the victim looks up at me. My rival takes the stone. I drop the knife, fingers nerveless; those eyes shine up at me, sad, calm, defiant. Kill my body , they dare me, take my body, but know my heart and mind are mine alone. It hits me like a blow, and the stone spins into darkness, out of my hands, out of Elendilion's. We both fumble for it, but we reach out too late. "Mairon." He runs a finger down the side of my face: in the beginning, in my mind, in the Stone now. "Would you not rather master the world with me than try to shape it on Aulë's leash? You'll never please him, but you please me as you are. Mairon. Won't you serve me?" "As I am?" The shaking of my shoulders begins to subside. "But I am... He thinks I'm - " "I don't." Oh, but you did. And his fingers are in my neck, in my back, digging into the burgundy scabs with sharp nails in flesh burnt onyx black. His breath is hot in my ears, and baited with the word worthless . He plants a cavity in me, which rots and spreads until much of me falls into its nothingness. I grit my teeth and hear them grind against one another like rocks sharpening rocks; my lips quiver from the effort to keep them closed, until at last they fly open (for his fingers are like slow, salty knives in the wounds). I scream, yet no sound emerges, scream silently and catch my throat on fire with the air slicing through it. The cavity widens. Elendilion enters it and runs his hand and his sword through what remains of me, groping for the palantír . He reaches it, uproots it, pulls the Orthanc-stone out of me like an onion bulb. Its roots leave a net of lacerations where they were but now are not. Aragorn Elendilion's face crosses the stone a final time, and his lips curve upward in something like a smile. He disappears, and all swirls red and black, a storm churning under my fingers, reeling. Mountains, rivers, cities, seas - all flash into the stone in a spinning succession too quick to register. Then white. No longer the tranquil ivory of a blank canvas but the stark argent of a blazing star, the palantír burns . With the light in my eyes I can barely claw for the stone's black covering, but I find it and I grasp it and I slam it onto the radiant orb with force that jars the bones in my hand. A cloud from Orodruin must have covered the tower in the hours past, for the red light of the Mountain is gone. I fold my knees to my chest and let my hair fall across my face. Elendilion. You have my stone and soon my Ring, but I can't credit you with my ruin. My shadows follow me; my shadows break me. I find myself in darkness, always; in the strange, sad places where stone and ash devour light.