the fact that the two denizens of Middle Earth were just staring at her. "What?" she asked, unnerved. Aragorn gave his head a brief shake and returned to his task of tending the injured elf, who was still goggling at Marian in disbelief. "You really aren't the typical Sue, are you?" the man said. Marian tilted her head, her fabulous chestnut falling over her shoulder like a shiny waterfall of luscious brown. "I suppose not," she mused. "I never really thought about it." She glanced between her two companions and smiled at their expressions. "I'm really not here to make love to either of you," she assured them. "I took a wrong turn on my way to Ivanhoe and wound up in Middle Earth. That's all." Gracefully rising to her feet, she turned and floated away over the dew-dampened ground. And so it continued for several days. The Nine Walkers continued their vitally important quest, and Marian Rowana Gwendolyn Asphodel Montmorency continued to tag along with them on her own quest to find a portal to a different fandom world. Gradually, as she displayed no signs of exhibiting typical Sueness, the questers warmed up to her, even considering her society enjoyable after a time. She didn't seem eager to make a name for herself, ("Not that she needs any more names," Sam muttered,) which further endeared her to them. All except Legolas. The Elf, permanently traumatized from his myriad past experiences with the Sues, never ceased to suspect Marian of some ulterior motive of thoroughly malignant intent. He was convinced that she intended to corner him some dark night and force him to kiss her, and he spent most days imbibing river water heavily tainted with wild garlic, which, unsurprisingly, rendered him unpopular around the camp when they stopped for rests. Miffed at the rest of his companions for falling under the Sue's spell - which, to his keen eyes, was so clearly malicious and evil - he started talking to himself, muttering under his breath as he swigged copious amounts of the pungent water. Aragorn began to worry for his friend's sanity, and one evening he approached their leader about it. "Gandalf," he murmured, watching with a troubled eye as Legolas wandered around the perimeter of the camp, muttering and imbibing, "I am concerned for our elf's mental state. He's driving himself to distraction with these fantasies and fears he's built up about Marian." The wizard peered at the Elf in question, making a low, noncommittal noise in his throat. "He'll recover," he said quietly. "He always does. And one can't quite blame him for being this way, considering his past." The man grudgingly nodded in agreement. "But," he said, "he doesn't usually act like this." "He's taking the precautions he deems necessary," came the calm reply. Aragorn stared at him. "Gandalf," he said incredulously, "he is drinking essence of wild garlic. He talks and mumbles to himself almost incessantly. He crouches in the shadows and twists his hair. He is drinking essence of wild garlic. I have always respected your council, but to deem this as 'taking the precautions he deems necessary'? I am assailed by a sudden doubt." "Then suddenly assail it right back," the wizard said sternly. "All will be well in the end. You'll see." And it almost was. Eight days after joining the travelers, Marian's hoped-for portal finally arrived. As the Company was settling down for a rest, (with the exception of Legolas, who was still mumbling to himself and gulping his garlic water and trying to walk through the side of a mountain,) a large sphere of crackling blue energy conveniently appeared out of thin air and opened in the center, revealing a forest and a large stone castle that appeared to be under siege. It was also on fire. Everyone stopped what they were doing and gawked at it, save for Marian, who leaped up with a small shriek. (Legolas turned his head to look, slipped on a bit of loose gravel, and rolled down a short incline. It went unnoticed by everyone else.) "Now!" the Misplaced-Medieval-Probably-Not-Crafty!Sue cried, clapping her hands together. "It is here! I must go!" Running to Aragorn, she gave him a hug, then did the same to Boromir, Gandalf, and a startled Gimli. All four hobbits got a hug together, and even Bill the pony got a kiss on the nose. As the portal popped and crackled patiently, Marian hurried over to Legolas, who had just struggled up the incline, looking somewhat the worse for wear. "I just want you to know," she said, cheerfully extending a slender hand, "I have never, ever liked you, and watching you suffer and descend into madness this week past has been a genuine pleasure." The Elf stared at her, shocked, as did everyone else. Then, suddenly, he threw back his head and laughed, and Aragorn relaxed at the normalcy of the sound. "That's alright," the immortal prince said, shaking Marian's hand warmly. "I never liked you either. I tried to kill you, you know." The maiden grinned at him, revealing perfect white teeth. "I know." With one last wave, she lifted her still-immaculate skirt and stepped through the portal, her chestnut hair swaying hypnotically. Through the center of the glowing sphere, they watched as she approached a man, clad in green, who was rapidly firing arrows towards the blazing castle. Then the portal popped and began to contract, smaller and smaller. Legolas turned towards Aragorn, no longer looking so crazed. "I told you she was evil," he said smugly. Pause. "But at least she wasn't madly in love with one of us. And now that she's gone, I will, I hope, regain my competency in battle." As he spoke, an arrow flew through the portal just before it closed and thwacked through the Elf's shoulder. Because what is a parody without a little Legolas-whump? xD Hope you enjoyed it, and all reviewers get a hug from their favorite LotR character! :D