the current circumstances. Therefore, he replied with the only tangible sentence he could come up with. 'What do you mean?' She smiled, almost knowingly and slowly removed the mithril clip that bound her hair, laying it noiselessly upon the desk. 'Exactly that. You saw me this evening upon the lawns. As I said before, ' she continued, moving close to his ear once again, 'something about you fascinates me.' 'You were looking at Glorfindel' he stated plainly, ' that much was obvious. Do not deny it.' 'I will deny no such thing. I looked at him, yes. But only because he was blocking my view!' she replied with an edge of amusement. 'Most enlightening' Erestor replied dryly, though his tone did not mask the heated flush that involuntarily crept up his cheeks at her words. The advisor stiffened in his chair quite suddenly as with no prior warning he felt her hand close about his shoulder, and became increasingly aware of how dangerously close her lips were to his ear. 'What do you wish from me?' he asked, his voice low with combined concern and the onset of a desire that greatly surprised and unnerved him. 'Nothing,' she replied, 'it is what I am able to give to you that I am interested in. You work too hard, Erestor…' Erestor screwed his eyes shut, trying to ignore the tingling sensations her hand gave as she kneaded his shoulder quite precisely. Desperately trying to rid the blissful echoes of how foreign and exquisitely sweet his name sounded as she purred in his ear. Attempting to shake off the delicious geranium scent that surrounded her and captivated his senses.. 'What sorcery is this you bestow upon me?' he forced himself to speak, his voice inexplicably thick, suddenly aware of how uncomfortable his pants were becoming. Enid did not reply, but his words and tone made her mouth curve upwards into a victorious smirk. Reaching up with her free hand, she gently brushed aside the waterfall of ebony hair and dealt a soft kiss to the back of his neck. 'I act in alliance with no sorcery, dear scribe.' For a few moments, Erestor felt his resolve weakening. But as soon as her lips brushed his bare skin, he whipped around to face her, a hybrid of uncertainty and fury flaming in his usually stoic eyes. 'What exactly do you think you are doing?' he growled, his voice low and dangerous. 'What game is this you bait me so unkindly with?' Slowly, the elleth removed her hand from his shoulder and reached up to brush away a stray lock of ebony hair that had fallen across his face. 'I play no games, Master Erestor' she replied. Erestor considered her for a moment as he gazed intently at her. There was certainly no falsehood reflected in her eyes. He swallowed hard as those green depths stared back, sincere and strangely persuasive. Finally, he relented and even against his otherwise better judgement, allowed his eyes to close as she brushed his fair cheek with an ever so gentle sweep of her hand. 'Hush now' she whispered silkily in his ear, 'I believe I am the answer to your prayers.' Erestor let out a throaty chuckle. 'You seem extremely assured in your convictions, my lady.' Enid chanced a glance downwards, grinning slightly as she spied the sudden and clear evidence of his arousal. 'Can you really blame me?' Erestor's cheeks flushed a fiery crimson and taking advantage of his lowered guard, Enid leant forward and nibbled firm and long upon the nape of his neck. Finally, her lips showered the small wound with feather light kisses to soothe it. Her impulsive actions drew a soft moan from Erestor's throat that surprised him greatly. However, the advisor leant up against her, shuddering slightly as rivers of fire assaulted his veins and spread to his innermost core. He was completely undone. Every barrier he had ever erected around himself had been unexpectedly and successfully destroyed. He didn't even want to think what this may do to his reputation. But right now, at this very moment, none of that seemed to matter. 'Lay your head upon the desk' Erestor's eyes flickered open and her strange command and he could not help but question it. 'Why?' 'Trust me' she replied, brushing her lips swiftly against his own. 'You won't regret it…' Though he could not help feeling a little annoyed that she had hedged his question, Erestor surrendered to her wishes, and laid his elegant head upon the mahogany surface, and closed his eyes… Quite suddenly, he was aware of the room being filled with a sudden inexplicable light, wincing a little as some filtered under his eyelids. 'What are you doing?' he whispered. No answer. Odd, Erestor thought. He slowly opened his eyes fully…and instantly he felt his heart plummet. Morning had arrived. Erestor raised his head from the desk, peeling away a sheet of parchment that had stuck to his cheek and groaned as he felt how stiff his upper body was. Disappointment and sadness flooded through him. It had all been a dream. A stupid, meaningless dream. His workload still existed and there was nothing left to distract him from it. With a resigned sigh, he stood, and after stretching his aching limbs and yawning widely he poured himself a shot of brandy for no reason other than it would make him feel better disposed towards such a cruel vision as his had been . Moving over to the window, he opened the curtains and squinted as the full force of daylight streamed in. His mind drifted automatically back to his work. Well no time like the present. Erestor turned back his desk…and heard only the delicate tinkle of the glass as it fell from his hand and shattered into a million shards upon the floor. For there, upon the desktop, shimmering and gleaming as Anor's rays caressed its surface, was a finely wrought mithril clip… -Fin-