to swell at the sun's touch. Mithrandir smiled. There were footsteps behind him, and then Lord Denethor was beside him. "What makes you smile so?" His tone was unusually mild, almost companionable. Caught up in the mood of the night, Mithrandir chose to answer that question with another. "Tell me, Lord Denethor," he asked merrily as he turned to face the Steward, "should you like to see the White Tree in flower?" "Why do you ask?" Wariness leapt into Denthor's eyes. "No reason," Mithrandir replied a little sadly. There seemed no point in spoiling the fragile peace between them. He ought to have realized that Denethor would interpret the question as a challenge, for a flowering Tree in this court could only mean a king on the throne. Denethor raised one eyebrow, but left it at that. Boromir had made the connection too, Mithrandir reflected, though he clearly considered kings to belong only to the pages of lorebooks. But Faramir...had he stopped to think of the meaning of his words, their significance for his family? Did he see in the Tree a hope for the future, or was he wishing for the return of the past? Mithrandir found himself growing intrigued. Yes, he would have to make time to speak with Faramir, to get to know the young man he had become. The brothers emerged from the Tower just then. After they had wished Mithrandir a good Yestarë, Faramir hesitantly addressed Denethor. "Father, I was thinking--as tomorrow is a holiday--perhaps Mithrandir might dine with us?" Mithrandir glanced at Denethor, trying to read whether his good humor persisted. Denethor's face remained impassive, but he inclined his head and answered, "Very well." The silver chime struck the half-hour, reminding them that it was time they were abed. The small party started toward their respective lodgings, which lay in the same direction. Rather surprisingly, Boromir hung back with Mithrandir, allowing Faramir and Denethor to walk on ahead side by side. Pehaps Boromir too was affected by the mood of the night. Perhaps the lateness of the hour loosened his tongue. Or perhaps he had drunk too much wine, though that seemed unlikely. Whatever the reason, Mithrandir would later remember this as one of the greatest moments of openness between him and Denethor's elder son. "I am glad to see peace between them again," Boromir confessed in a rush, looking after his father and brother. "Their discords are slower to mend than they once were." As if feeling he had spoken too freely, he looked away, fixing his gaze on the White Tree. Mithrandir waited patiently, saying nothing. After a few seconds' pause, Boromir spoke again. "When I was a child, I wondered sometimes why no one took the White Tree away, for it was dead. But when my mother died, I came to understand why they left it here--as a reminder of how things once were, for it makes the loss seem less complete. The people of Gondor keep this tree in remembrance of the days of the kings, just as Isildur planted it to remember his brother Anárion." He looked again to where Faramir and Denethor walked, and Mithrandir knew that he wondered if he too would be left one day with only memories of a brother. Boromir sighed. "They fought against Sauron and believed him destroyed, but he returned, and he will never be satisfied until we are destroyed..." Mithrandir risked laying a hand on the young man's shoulder. "We are none of us granted to know the future," he said gravely. "Even those gifted with what is called foresight only see small glimpses, and dimly at that. But that is as much a blessing as a curse, for it gives us hope. Let us hope that Gondor may know peace one day soon." Boromir nodded, seeming to pull himself together, as if he had only just realized to whom he had been speaking. "That is easy to do on such a night as this," he returned with a half-smile. His guard was up again; there would be no more confidences tonight. Still, Mithrandir thought, it had been a most surprising evening. The new year stretched before them all with endless possibilities for good or ill. Things might change in ways that no one could now foresee, or they might change very little. In another year's time, Sauron might have arisen or been defeated. Gondor might have a king again, or it might be conquered. Or perhaps things would be much the same as they were tonight. All of Mithrandir's wisdom and experience could not tell him what would happen. As he had told Boromir, none could know the future. Some things, however, seemed likely. Tomorrow he would dine with Denethor and his sons; the next day he would return to the archive. If he found out nothing about Bilbo's ring this winter, then perhaps he and Strider might learn something from Gollum in the spring. Beyond that, it was difficult to say. But Mithrandir was sure of one thing: before he retired for the night, he intended to have a good smoke. Author's notes: This story was originally written for the Brothers of Gondor zine published by members and friends of the Brothers of Gondor message board. As should be evident, its genesis is in the drabble "Gondor's Spring," found in "A Garden of Faramir Drabbles." Gandalf knowing the passwords of the seven gates of Minas Tirith is a detail mentioned by Ingold in Book V, chapter 1. The idea for the Mettarë celebration was suggested in part by the custom of military officers serving the enlisted men during the Christmas season in some parts of the world, which was brought to my attention by Rohwyn. I would like to thank all who offered suggestions and talked this story over with me, but especially Lilan, whose patience for listening to me ramble is enormous. Finally, I would also like to thank Eru that I was able to finish the story!