just back into a human, but her entire appearance: her pale skin was even paler than normal; her hair was a dark, dark brown; and her eyes now had flecks of purple, the same color as her dress and her rabbit form. Her face was twisted into an evil smirk. "Makara, what-?" he broke off "Hello, Boromir dear. Surprised, are you? I had hoped you would be, otherwise it would have quite ruined all my fun. Do like the cavern? I designed it myself, if you don't, I hate to disappoint you but you will be staying here for quite some time." To say Boromir was confused would be an understatement. He had known Makara for a long time. She had always been a wonderful person. She was kind to the poor and the perfect lady, although she wasn't afraid to do what needed to be done. Even better, his father appeared to approve of her and she and his brother approved of each other. Despite all of this she stood before him, radiating enmity. "You are too noble, Boromir, too gullible." She laughed, "You followed me blindly into a trap, you believed my false pretenses of being the perfect lady. I have known of your 'condition' for a long time. I could not wait for you to put your trust in me. I knew that once you told me of your secret then I would have your full confidence. And now... here you are, with 'dear' Kalla, trapped." As she spoke the word 'dear', her face twisted into an expression of disgust, but soon her it morphed into a cruel smirk. "Even better, you are both doomed for death." At the mention of Kalla, Boromir glanced her way. Her eyes were wide with concern and fear. As he looked into her eyes he knew that he never truly loved Makara, it was Kalla he loved. Glaring at the woman before him, he reached for the sword at his side. He was eternally grateful that it was where he had left it and was even more grateful that transforming didn't cause him to lose his cloths. "Makara, this is treason. I am the heir of the Steward of Gondor and I demand that you let Kalla go." Makara gave a high laugh. "Go? You think I am going to let her go? Trust me, it's better this way. A lot less heart ache for everyone involved. I'll just have to say that you valiantly fought of the bandits while giving me the time to run. I came back for you, but found no sign. Your father will be heart-broken, and will soon die of grief. Because he is the only son left, Faramir will inherit Stewardship and I will return home, he will feel pity for me and will come to love me. We will marry and be happy." Boromir blinked in confusion. It sounded as if this entire thing was for his brother. "Do you mean to tell me that all this is so that my brother will love you? Why didn't you simply try to court him instead of me." Makara gave a laugh as if that was the most ridiculous suggestion. "Because," she exclaimed, "This way, he will become the Steward as well as my husband." Boromir struggled to refrain from mentioning that there were still simpler ways of going about things. Such as poisoning him or hiring an assassin. Not that he wanted to die, but it would have made things a lot easier and much less emotionally stressing. "Alright then, you wanted him to be Steward. What about Kalla? Why is she here?" "Because." Despite her confident answer, it appeared that she did not know the answer, herself. "Enough about my diabolical plans. Lord Boromir, it is time to meet your demise." From outside the small, naturally made prison there came the sound of rocks falling. A wind started up and Makara's dress started to whip furiously and her eyes began to glow. Boromir backed up until his back was to Kalla's prison cell. "Boromir?" Her voice was small. "Yes?" I-it's alright, we're together." He could feel her hand fisted into the back of his tunic. He reached behind to grab her hand and squeezed it. "Yes, we are." But he wasn't ready to give up that easy. He let go of her hand and reached for his sword, if he was to die, he wasn't going down alone. Eyes opened. The young girl stretched languidly with a contented smile on her face. She could tell that, for once, she would be able to remember her dream. The details of it swirled on the edges of her consciousness and she was determined that it wouldn't be forgotten. She closed her eyes and tried to bring back the details. As the story unfolded her eyes shot open. Still in her bed, she gave a disbelieving laugh. No. A bunny-rabbit with butterfly wings? She laughed harder. Had her mind really come up with such a thing? And the sudden love Boromir had felt for the other girl—that wasn't even the sort of thing she was interested in. Speaking of interests, why couldn't she have dreamt of the Shire, or the hobbits? She thought back on her dream and couldn't hold back her giggles. Regardless of her disappointment in her brain, she sat up with a smirk. This was a dream worth sharing. She got out her bed and reached for a pen and paper. AU: What in the world short stirrups have to do with anything, I have no idea. As I said it was a dream, and dreams often make no sense what-so-ever. I do have one theory. Boromir, Bunny and Butterfly all start with 'b'. That is all I have to go on sadly. But thank you for suffering through this weird dream for this long. I am curious though, what was the best/worst part in your opinion. Either one works. Leave a review please!