the waterfall, and he swallowed hard as he observed her in all her magnificence. Her breasts were small, but with a slight curve beneath them. Her body was strong, that of a woodland elf who had long run beneath the canopies to the silence of her own footsteps. His mouth hung open in awe, and he couldn't help the shallow breaths escaping from his lips. Cynda dove suddenly from the waterfall, and disappeared with not so much as a splash beneath the water's black surface. She remained below just long enough that he started to worry, until she surfaced gracefully, running her hands over her wet hair and pushing it from her face. She breathed deep, and lay back, floating her body on the water's surface. The contrast of the night-darkened water and her moonlit body sent a chill down his spine. He was beginning to feel something deep inside himself that he had not felt since he was very young. His grip on the branch of his tree tightened instinctively. He watched her slowly kick her feet, her body creating little ripples of moonlight across the water's surface. She stood when she got closer to one of the banks, the water only coming up to her waist. Sparkling droplets of water beaded around her shoulders, and slowly, torturously, made their way down her flesh to drip from her exposed breasts. Haldir shut his eyes tight, trying desperately to remember his position. When he opened them again, Cynda had braided several water lilies into her hair, now a long single braid, which she pulled over her shoulder to drape down her chest. She emerged from the water, her long legs moving in slow, measured steps. The visage of her wet, naked form sent another shudder through him, making him curse his own body. Cynda gathered her clothes and one by one, slipped each garment on with care. She sat on a rock near the shore, her back to him, and slid on her boots. Her voice emerged, a shock against the quiet reverie of the forest. "Haldir," she said, barely a whisper, knowing elf ears would hear it. He froze, a panic gripping his lungs and seizing all intake of breath. He immediately thought of Galadriel, and the position she had bestowed upon him. A position of respect. He had betrayed that respect. "Please, would you join me?" she asked, finishing her boots and standing to turn and stare right into the tree in which he was hiding. He jumped lithely down as she approached him. He kept his eyes trained on the ground. He had insulted this lady enough with his hungry eyes. "May I offer my humblest of apologies, my lady," he said, bowing low as she came to stand before him. He remained bowed as a request for forgiveness. He would not rise unless she bade it. "And I will accept, though I do not require it of you, my lord," she said, touching him gently on the shoulder, permission for him to rise. He straightened, somewhat perplexed by her words. He finally gazed into her eyes, and therein found a power akin to that of Lady Galadriel. He could not imagine that even through months of training, he had never looked this one in the eyes. She stunned him to speechlessness. "I would not require an apology when there has been no affront. If I had been offended, I would not have allowed you to remain," Did she know I was there the entire time? Would she have undressed otherwise? The thought of her undressing simply because she knew he was watching… it ignited something inside him that he had to contain, with some discernable effort. "We are all vulnerable to our passions. Even you, Haldir of Lorien" his eyes flickered down to her exquisite body, now clothed, and he imagined her laid bare once more. She stepped forward, so her breath slithered past his cheeks. He felt his skin growing hot and his heart hammering inside his chest. He fought very hard against the images in his mind. Grabbing her by the arms, pressing her against a tree with the force and the heat of his own body… "Besides… It is not a testament of your weakness… but a demonstration of my power," she whispered, echoing Lord Celeborn's words. Her lips were so close to his that he had to close his eyes and bite his lip to restrain himself. The suggestion that her power mirrored that of the great elf sorceress, that her flesh held the same influence as Galadriel's stare… he craved to know more of how she could use that power. He felt her fingertips gently graze his chest, and when he opened his eyes, she was gone, so quickly and quietly that he knew there would be no trail to follow. He gasped once, not realizing he had been holding his breath. He gazed out into the dark, and shuddered as the thought of her overtook him once more. He had not felt this way for a woman in many years. He grinned, excited by the possibilities, and turned, allowing his feet to take him wandering through the moonlit woods. He could catch her, if he so desired. He was much older and far faster than she. He folded his hands behind his back, and allowed the calming air of the forest to fill his lungs. He glanced up to see Caras Galadhon shimmering in the distance. A pang of fear and desperation hit him. A great darkness was coming. All had felt it after the ringbearer's visit to Caras Galadhon. The darkness could swallow everything. But perhaps, just perhaps, he had found a small glimmer of light in the oncoming blackness. Author's Note: Okay so... this was only supposed to be a OneShot. Buuuut I like these two together, so I think I'll continue. Keep checking back for more chapters and as always, I love to hear from you guys!