lesson, and that he had stayed behind after to look for a lost arrow. Thranduil had checked the outdoor archery range, but only found off-duty members of the Palace Guard, none of whom had seen Legolas. He had a hunch as to where his son was but didn't want to push him, so had left him as long as he felt he could. He tried to ignore Legolas's absence at the afternoon meal, but after a few hours he found himself unable to turn a blind eye anymore, and had gone straight to the indoor archery range, where he had a strong suspicion that he would find Legolas. Sure enough, his hunch had been right. Legolas kept looking down as his father continued to silently study him. Slowly he felt his cheeks begin to redden as his father kept looking at him without saying anything. He knew he had disappointed him, and was awaiting his punishment. It was not until Thranduil started laughing that Legolas lifted his head, wondering if he had finally caused his father to lose his mind. Seeing Legolas's very confused, and somewhat hurt look as his son finally met his eyes, Thranduil tried, with some success, to stifle his laughter. "I'm sorry, Legolas. I shouldn't laugh, it's just… Well, it's a bit of an embarrassing story, but you have probably earned the right to hear it." Thranduil went over to the wall and sat down, expecting Legolas to follow him. Sure enough his son came, and joined him on the floor. "Looking back, I probably should have mentioned this to you, but really, the whole thing had slipped my mind until I found you here. And I really didn't think… But no matter." Legolas was still looking at him like he had lost his mind, so he continued on. "I'm assuming by your actions that your first archery lesson did no go as you had planned, or hoped." Thranduil didn't need to see Legolas's head shake for him to know the answer. "Well, I'm not sure if it will make you feel any better, but neither did mine. I was so eager to prove myself to my father and to the realm, that I made all sorts of horrendous mistakes. I was absolutely horrible. In fact, my instructor called me the worst archer in all of Greenwood the Great. That was after I shot him of course." Seeing Legolas's horrified look he hurriedly added, "It was an accident of course. And he was fine, I mostly caught his clothes." Legolas could not believe what he was hearing. It was simply not possible that his father had been a horrible archer. King Thranduil was good at everything. He never put a foot wrong, and as far as Legolas knew, he never made mistakes. Hearing this he felt somewhat better, though he was still far from feeling good about and accepting his poor archery performance. As he was thinking these thoughts, he realized that his father was continuing on. "After today, I'm starting to wonder if poor archery skill is a family trait. So, Legolas, if you want to blame anyone, you can blame me." Thranduil smiled at this, and hoped his son would too, but Legolas's face was still creased with a thoughtful expression. "But, ada , I've seen you shoot numerous times. You are a very good archer, in fact, from what I hear you are probably one of the best shots in the realm. How could this be possible?" Legolas didn't understand how someone, such as himself, who clearly possessed no natural talent could possibly become such a great archer. "I practiced. Every day I would practice for many, many hours. Though, I don't ever recall pulling off a twenty-four hour practice session." He smiled down at his son, and finally he was greeted with a small smile in return. "I'm not sure it will make you feel any better, but here's what I've learned: It may feel like a curse right now, but sometimes being bad at something can actually be a blessing. If you want to be good, and I can tell that you do, you will need to practice, a lot. People born with a natural talent may not feel this urge, and thus, eventually you will surpass them in skill. Natural talent is a wonderful thing, but if you don't put in the effort it can only take you so far." Legolas sat quietly and though about what he had just been told. Though he didn't believe that his father would make up a story just to make him feel better, he had a hard time envisioning that his father, or any of the other archers in the realm for that matter, had ever been bad at archery. "But I've been practicing all day. How can that be so? I'm no better than when I started." "Oh Legolas, you can't possibly believe that you would become a good archer in one day. Centuries, Legolas, you have centuries in which to practice." "Oh." Looking back on it, Legolas was starting to feel slightly silly. He wasn't sure why he thought that he could improve so much in such a short period of time. He had just been driven by a blind need to make his father proud. Getting to his feet, Legolas looked down at his father. "I think I'm beginning to understand now, and I'm prepared to put in the time and effort, but would it be okay if I got something to eat first? I think I'm kind of hungry." "Of course, íon-nin . Just promise me you won't feel the need to do this again. You don't have to prove yourself to me. Ever." "I won't, ada . I promise," Legolas said. For the first time in the last twenty-four hours, Legolas felt the tension leave his body as he followed his father out of the room. END (Probably unnecessary) Elvish Translations íon-nin : my son adar/ada : father/dad