always so painful for the younger hobbits. Even from this distance he could see how Sam slumped between the hold Merry and Pippin kept on him as they stood watching them leave. And Frodo… Staring at his nephew in amazement, he had to admit that he had doubted Frodo would manage to tear himself away, even after all these years. Knowing something of the anguish in his nephew's heart without feeling much of it himself, Bilbo watched his eyes fill with unshed tears. Frodo's eyes had always revealed his every emotion, and his face could be read as easily as an open book. Even from childhood Frodo had always been a sensitive sort, understandably so. Having suffered the loss of his parents at an early age, Bilbo had witnessed the compounding of his grief with the matter of the ring, something he had never suffered himself. If only I could have spared him the burden of the ring… Not one to dwell on the gloomy side of things too long, Bilbo pursed his lips and turned to glance up at Gandalf, who stood silently by his side. The old wizard glanced down from the corner of his eye and offered an unconvincing smile of encouragement. He nodded toward Frodo and took a deep breath, then lifted his white head, closed his eyes and began to meditate. Taking that as a sign of approval, Bilbo approached his nephew with careful steps, balancing himself against the gentle pitch of the ship as it moved slowly over the waters. "There you are my lad!" he greeted him as cheerfully as he could, smiling when Frodo swung his head around to meet his gaze. "Glad you decided to come—I cannot imagine this adventure without you!" Frodo's brows shot up a moment, his grip on the railing easing as he half turned and waited for him to come to his side. Sam stared in mute disbelief as he struggled to accept the fact that they were losing Frodo. The ship was gliding away toward the sunset, but he watched Bilbo move to Frodo's side and slap his back. When they turned together to gaze back to the spot where he stood between Pip and Merry, he felt his churning stomach begin to quiet. Even from this distance he noted some of the pain leaving Frodo's expression, and there was a bit of a lift to his posture as he settled back into position next to his uncle, leaning over the railing and looking in their direction. Then, like a miracle, Sam felt relieved despite all his worries. Shaking his head in amazement, he nodded toward the ship they all stood watching. "Just look at those two," he ordered, elbowing his friends but not taking his gaze from Frodo and Bilbo. "Of course they belong together," he said with growing conviction. Bilbo would help Frodo, and he sensed the others would, too. Finally turning to his companions, he smiled despite the same embarrassment he felt and saw written in their expressions. "You're right," Merry admitted sheepishly. "And they are family, we mustn't forget." Pippin coughed into his fist and linked his arm through Sam's. "And family and hobbits stay together." "That's right," Sam breathed, gazing back toward the ship as it headed for the mouth of the harbor. "Which reminds me, Rosie and little Eleanor will be waiting for us." "Us?" Pip exclaimed, turning to look him in the eye. "What do you mean?" Turning with them, Sam pulled them into his sides as they started for the ponies. "Why you're coming to our house for dinner, of course," he announced proudly. "And I won't take no for an answer." Pippin winked at Merry before screwing up his face in protest. "But we've got a long ride back and I'm hungry now," he complained. Merry shoved him as he reached for the flap of Sam's saddlebag. "Got any snacks, Sam?" he quipped, ducking his head toward the bag. Sam dragged Pip to the side of his pony and slapped Merry's back. "Of course I've got snacks," he stated, smiling as Merry pulled out an apple and bit into it. Pippin reached into the bag as he turned to glance back toward the ship, watching it slip between the feet of the mountains. He heard Pip chewing enthusiastically as he nodded his head. "My, what a grand sunset," he breathed, staring at the purples and pinks blazing in the sky. "I think Mr. Frodo and Mr. Bilbo are in for a truly grand adventure…" Leaning heavily against the railing, Frodo was aware of Gandalf's approach before he felt the hand laid upon his good shoulder. Not turning to acknowledge him or the invitation Bilbo extended to meet them below deck in their quarters, he was aware of them leaving his side without further comment. Unable to pull his gaze from the tiny forms of his friends, he stood alone watching them even after they mounted and rode away home toward the Shire. He set his jaw as the rise where he had stood above the harbor melted into the dusk and finally disappeared from sight. Anxiety clawed at the back of his mind, distracting him from the weight of grief pressing heavily upon him. He prayed in earnest for their safe journey home, as well as for their lives to be full and content. But even after that was finished, he remained apart on deck, watching Middle Earth itself fade into the shadows of twilight. Shivering despite the warm glow of the sunset surrounding the ship, he pulled his cloak tighter. Blindly his fingers felt for the phial of Galadriel, brushing it and bringing him some relief. Then pulling his hand from his pocket, he gripped his injured one and absently massaged it, his mind flitting back into darker halls of memory. Not realizing how his face twisted with pain, he kept his eyes on the endless rows of waves undulating in the wake of their progress.