bone-dry and he looked down. Pippin leaned back and watched as Aragorn, his practiced skill blunted by his nervousness at touching the other man's unclad arms and chest, started to examine Beregond. "You seem to have come off quite well, my friend! Fortunate, indeed." Beregond nodded mutely, silenced by Aragorn's touch, for, nervous though he might have been, his fingers were still deft and cool on the other man's skin, skirting bruised areas and pressing harder in others, to ascertain whether there was any damage to the muscles. All in all, it was rather like a massage, extremely pleasurable, and not a little unsettling in Beregond's mind. "But-" And then those fingers were under his chin, tipping it sideways as Aragorn looked concernedly at the gash running down Beregond's jawline. "Hmm. This'll need something." Pippin, still slouched on the cot, gazed as Aragorn leaned yet closer, examining the cut. Both Men had tensed, muscles taut as bowstrings, the forced silence in the room thick enough to cut with a knife. They were close enough to kiss now, and Pippin could tell that this thought had most definitely occurred to both of them. They were, however, being manly Men and stoic warriors, stalwartly ignoring this fact. A shudder rippled up Beregond's spine as Aragorn applied an ointment of athelas to his cheek, and, though Aragorn was staring directly at him, steadfastly refused to meet his gaze. This continued for nigh on a quarter of an hour, both men speaking little, and when they did, it was in voices of forced lightness which only increased the tension permeating the little chamber. Pippin had lost his patience with the two Men long before, but when nothing happened after fifteen minutes, he simply couldn't stand it any longer. He leapt up from the bed with a frustrated cry. "By the Valar, are all Men this thick?" He strode over to them, arms akimbo. "Strider!" Aragorn leaned down and at that, Pippin grabbed him and kissed him. Aragorn let out a muffled yelp against Pippin's mouth and tried to pull away, but Pippin clung determinately to Aragorn's head, leaving him no option but to kiss back. It was rather difficult to figure out at first, on account of Aragorn's mouth being so much bigger than his, but soon enough, Pippin had established a rhythm which worked. It was nice, Pippin thought, despite the strange scratchiness of the king's beard. Aragorn certainly knew what he was doing, that much was certain. However, when Pippin tried to deepen the kiss, Aragorn mumbled something against his mouth and he pulled back. "Aye?" He arched an eyebrow "I… I shouldn't be doing this, Peregrin. I'm wed, and-and while I'm flattered that you, um, think of me that way, I cannot, that is to say…" He trailed off. Pippin leaned carelessly on one hip, looking utterly and purposefully wanton. His pert lips glistened wetly as his small pink tongue darted over them, his hair rumpled, his shirttails falling out. He smirked up at Aragorn. "Very well, then. There is another man in this room, after all" He turned to Beregond, who did not move, seemingly petrified. With a last smug glance over his shoulder at Aragorn, who stood looking shocked, he lifted Beregond's chin with a small hand, leaned forward and kissed him. It was light and chaste, and Pippin found Beregond's lips to be less chapped than Aragorn's- softer and more giving under his. And Beregond smelled rather more refined, more like the rest of Minas Tirith. Perfumed somehow with an odour of class or privilege, where Aragorn still retained some scent of his days as a Ranger- sweat and grass and dirt. Pippin quite liked them both. As he pulled away from the Captain of the Guard, he whispered softly in his ear, so that only he could hear "Your turn" Beregond turned to stare at Pippin, seemingly shaken. "You- I- What?" Pippin laughed gently. "You've seen how he looks at you, Beregond, O son of Baranor. Give it a go." Beregond swallowed nervously, and glanced over at where Aragorn stood, ill at ease. "Pippin- I don't know that I should-" But the hobbit silenced him with another kiss, not gentle this time, but a fierce pressure of hot lips, hungry and searching. This kiss was a tangle of tongues and teeth and small hands making their way down Beregond's back until he leapt up with a yelp, casting reproachful looks in the direction of the hobbit, who looked both amused and disappointed that his quarry had sprung away so quickly. Even as Beregond looked at Pippin, the other jerked his head slightly towards the king, and Beregond turned, squaring himself for a confrontation. But none came. Aragorn stood, rooted on the spot, mouth hanging halfway open, gazing at where Beregond had been sitting. Beregond did a double take, how odd it was to see Aragorn, the Hero of the War of the Ring, looking like this ! He turned back to Pippin, who was slouched on the vacated cot. Pippin smiled a little half-smile, looking at Beregond from under aristocratically raised brows, and blew a kiss at Aragorn. Right , Beregond thought, and now to it. He turned to Aragorn and took a deep breath. "My Lord?" Aragorn started hugely, snapping out of whatever haze he'd been in. "Ah-yes? Sorry, Sir Beregond. What did you want?" And in one great stride, Beregond crossed to Aragorn, seized him by the back of his neck, and brought his lips crushingly to his. Aragorn made a sound which might have been a 'meep' had he been smaller and less manly, and Beregond smirked against his lips, deepening the kiss and leaving no room- nor any desire- for argument. Pippin slumped back on the bed, watching the two men, who were clinging to each other and kissing ferociously. "Finally" he breathed to himself. And with that, he settled himself into a more comfortable position, more than ready to watch the show.