our local seamstress and embroiderer." Frodo smiled absently. "I don't think that you know her." "You are right, I don't", Merry said. Slowly the enchantment of the dance ebbed away, and now he remembered why he had originally come. "Have you have you seen Estella anywhere?" He grinned with some hesitation. " You know, it was exciting to watch you dance – aside from the surprise that you are still able to dance, my dear Frodo – but do you remember that you primarily baited me with a certain, red-curled lass?" "Listen, my little fledgling", came the silky-smooth response, "listen and learn . Estella Bolger likes strawberry punch, and there is an enormous bowl of strawberry punch on the left side of the party field. You should start your investigations over there and the old bachelor will retire now. " Merry tilted his head. "And you don't feel the need to protect her virtue?" Frodo laughed. "Not at all." he said, shaking his head. "I'd rather protect you from being bitten." He easily avoided the playful hit aimed at his head, and then he was gone. Merry sighed, turned around and made his way toward the table with the bowl. When he arrived there, Estella was nowhere to be seen. Of course , he thought. So much about the advice of an old bachelor . But he still felt like a fledgling somehow, and his heart sank he turned away and searched his way through the crowd until he had reached the edge of the party field. He left voices and lights behind him and took the way over the market place through the narrow pass leading towards the bending to Bag End. "Good evening, Merry." Estella. He didn't dare to trust his eyes and ears but there she stood as if she had climbed out from the pages of a fairy tale book, and the full moon darkened the flames of her hair to midnight ebony. He was doing it again staring at her and gaping like an idiot, but he couldn't help it. She was so beautiful. "What" "I saw you following Frodo, and I lost you in the crowd", she said, "and it took me some time to find out where you'd got to." "And now you've found me", he replied, a hesitating joy slowly rooting in his heart. "And now I've found you." He could hear the smile in her voice. I want to kiss you, I've been waiting to kiss you for two days now , he thought, would you mind if I ran my hands through that unbelievable mass of hair, if I let my mouth explore the way down over your chin to that long, slender neck? If I and then Estella leaned in, laying both hands on his shoulders and sinking against him with her entire body. He stumbled back in utter surprise; his back met the wall of the pass and every clear thought came to naught and left a blissful emptiness. Her mouth was sweet and spicy like a fresh apple, and he savored everything within reach the lips, willingly opening to his probing tongue, her soft cheeks, the scent and texture of her hair. He heard himself moan with delight and his hands cupped her head at the base of her skull, stroking her ears and the line of her jaw. He felt her shiver, and her fingers slid down from his shoulders and caressed his back. He could feel the immediate response of his body and his face grew hot - and then she drew back, her breath a fast panting, her eyes glittering silver. This is the second time that I see a girl sparkle like that this evening, he thought, drunken with jubilation, but this time it was me who did it. It was me. "This" She gasped for air. " this is for your flute playing, Meriadoc Brandybuck. It was marvelous." "Thank you." He managed a bow and noticed that his hands were still shaking but her next words brought him back to the ground immediately. "I must go home, my brother is waiting", she said. "And tomorrow I'll return to Budgeford." She certainly couldn't see very much of his face in the darkness, but he knew that she was able to feel his deep disappointment. "I'm sorry." Her voice was soft and regretful. "I guess you have hoped for more." "N no." He shook his head, heroically fighting down the urge to protest. "I'm I'm very grateful for what I've already got." Suddenly her fingers closed around his hand. "Would you visit me in Budgeford some time?" she asked. "I would be very glad to see you there." "Of course of course I would!" he assured her, this time with honest enthusiasm. "Nothing could keep me away!" "Bring your flute." The promise in her voice made his heart beat faster. "Good night, Meriadoc Brandybuck. He felt the butterfly-soft touch of her lips on his cheek. "Good night, Estella." She vanished into the darkness as fast as she had come, and for a short moment he wasn't sure if their encounter hadn't perhaps been a sweet, arousing dream. But then he pulled the dwarvish flute out of his pocket once more and the simple, tender tune he was playing filled the night air like birdsong and laughter and a last lullaby for this wonderful, surprising Midsummer Evening as he slowly returned up the Hill to Bag End. FIN vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv The daughter of Violet Proudfoot is the heroine of my AU-tale Before I go to sleep (which you can read on OPEN SCROLLS or on WEST OF THE MOON). The tale how Merry Brandybuck stitched up Estella's sleeves - and what happened afteerwards - is told in Breath of Winter (also here in this archive). And last but not least - this was written for a "Starter"-challenge by the lovely and brilliant Aratlithiel ; the first 13 paragraphs have been written by her, not by me.