"Perhaps he would like to take a walk in the snow with you." "Whatever that noisy little squaller wants or not", Minnie, the old nanny of Brandy Hall, added, "do me a favor and don't return with him ere elevenses, will you?" Merry saw that Pippin reached out for him, managed a wide smile and lifted his ill-tempered cousin from the lap of his mother. "See you at lunch, Aunt Eglantine… and have a good day, Minnie!" he said, turned around and walked away, the smaller lad riding on his shoulders. "He's a good boy, after all." Eglantine said, wiping her brow. "Yes, he is." the nanny retorted dryly. "But he'll be quite a handful when he's in his tweens some day… both of them, I daresay." Meanwhile the cousins had reached one of the big closets where all the pullovers, warm winter vests, the knitted gloves, scarves and woolen caps were stored. They had been used unusually often this year, and every day a new load of them was dried on a rack over the big fireplace in the kitchen. Merry clad Pippin with two pullovers, his warmest winter cloak, a long scarf and a red and white annulated bobble cap, then he wrapped himself as warmly as possible in a cardigan, a waistcoat lined with sheepskin , a matching hat and a second long scarf. They trotted up the hallway, and when they reached the main entrance, Pippin was slightly out of breath. The thick winter clothing had not doubled his height but his breadth, and he inhaled the icy air outside with all signs of relief. Merry blinked; the sky was of a blazing, deep blue, the sun a white golden lamp, warming from above. The familiar landscape stretched before him, sleeping under a thick white blanket. The path down to the Brandywine was free; two hobbits shoveled away the freshly fallen snow each morning. Merry smiled down at his little cousin. "The world smells of adventure," he said in a conspicuous tone. "Did I ever tell you of the Jewel Tree?" "The Jewel Tree?" Pippin was instantly excited. "What is that?" It was a fairy tale Merry had once heard from Frodo, and he had to admit to himself that he only remembered half of it. But he decided to use his own imagination to complete what was missing. "The Jewel Tree belongs to the Winter King," he said, imitating Frodo's singing storyteller-tone. "The King wears a crown of icicles and a scepter of diamonds…" "What is that – a sceptah? " Pippin asked curiously. "A kind of stick," Merry retorted, a little indignant that his description was interrupted. "He uses it to give nasty little dimwits like you a smack across the head. Now, do you want to hear the tale or shall I spare my breath?" "Oh Merry… please!" "Well then… the King wears a crown of icicles, a scepter of diamonds and a necklace of sapphires, and…" "What color are-? " "Blue." A dangerous gaze, frightening similar to that of Aunt Esmeralda. "Oh… thank you. " The walked between the high, sparkling walls of solid snow, Pippin's small hand in Merry's bigger one, and soon they had vanished out of sight. vvvvv The trouble started with two tiny white clouds on the horizon, soft and fine like gauze. Quarter of an hour later they had widened to a line along the whole horizon, and around elevenses half the sky was of a deep, cold anthracite. And then the storm came – strong blasts first, seemingly blowing from the north and the south at the same time, then an icy howling that made the goodwives run and close every single of the famous hundred windows of Brandy Hall. The rooms grew dark and candles were lit everywhere. Suddenly Eglantine laid down her half eaten raisin cake, swallowed what was in her mouth and asked the fateful question: "Where is Pippin?" The lively chat around her died down to a total silence… a silence that was only disturbed by the shrill sound of the storm outside. Esmeralda blanched and set her teacup carefully on the saucer. "He's together with Merry. They went out outside around 9 o'clock this morning. Minnie Oakleaf told me so. They haven't come back yet, have they?" "No, they haven't," Eglantine whispered. She pushed her plate back with trembling hands. Three things then happened at nearly the same time. The door to the Great Hall flew open, and half of the inhabitants jumped up, staring with open mouths. Two white incrusted figures appeared on the doorstep, shaking themselves like big dogs. The layer of snow fell off and now everyone recognized Saradoc, the Master of Buckland, and his younger cousin, Frodo Baggins. "Excuse me, Esmeralda, my dear", Saradoc said blithely, pushing back the dark curls falling into his eyes. "I know we should have dried ourselves outside, but all we wanted was a warm fire, and this is the coziest place in the entire Hall. You won't believe how cold it is outside, and we had great difficulties to find even the short path between the stables and the main entrance. You can't see further than to the top of your nose. Give us a lump of cloth and we will mop up the mess, I promise." He gazed around and suddenly noticed the uneasy silence. He straightened his back and slowly the smile faded from his reddened face. "Esmie, what's wrong?" "Merry," his wife replied, her voice unnaturally calm. "He went out for a walk about two hours ago, together with Pippin. And they didn't return." Her husband shot her an alarmed gaze; Frodo opened his mouth and closed it again, his face white with shock. Saradoc took a deep breath. "But that means-" "Yes," his wife said, her eyes dark with fear, her voice for the first time unsure. "Of course." And in this moment Eglantine Took pressed her white linen apron against her face and burst into tears.