clear, early morning. The sky was brightening, the horizon rimmed by a pale, rosy streak; half an hour more and the sun would rise in the east. Following a sudden impulse, he sat down on the bench beside the entrance and with one hand managed to unlace the boots he was still wearing. Clumsily he shook off his socks; he got up again and stepped down from the gravelled path. With a sigh of relief he buried his toes in the dew-damp, freshly mown grass, silently blessing Elboron for his eager helpfulness. "Good morning, Damrod." He turned his head; the dim light of dawn gathered in long, unbraided hair, creating an aureole of pale gold around the head of Legolas the Elf. He stood barely two yards away; Damrod stared at him, amazed once more by his ability to move without any sound. He bowed deeply. "Good morning, sire. How is Master Gimli?" "Sound asleep," Legolas replied. "Which gives me the chance to seek rest the way my people do; by walking among the fragrant beds in this beautiful garden, and drinking in the scent of herbs and flowers." His piercing gaze scanned Damrod's face. "How is your wife?" Damrod's face brightened with a huge smile. "Our child is born, and Noerwen is well… as is the babe. It is a daughter." "May the blessing of the Valar be upon you and your family," the elf said, bowing in return. "Your wife is a remarkable woman… and a good healer. I presume that my friend might have lost his leg without her skills and her… stubbornness." "Noerwen's stubbornness is one of the things I love and admire about her," Damrod slowly replied. "Without it, she would perhaps not be here with me." It was an open, well considered challenge. For the fraction of a second the beautiful face of the elf was completely blank; there was a long silence, and finally he sighed. "I wondered if you knew," he said. "I wondered if you were aware that your wife is not a child of Arda." "Well, of course I knew," Damrod retorted. "I met her shortly before the War began in earnest; during the siege of Minas Tirith, she worked in the Houses of Healing. It is a long and rather strange story." "I'm not going anywhere within the next hour," Legolas said, a spark of irony glittering in his deep eyes. "And I want to understand how it came that the borders of Middle Earth were obviously opened to a stranger… it's a rather unsettling thought. To find out about the truth would do much to ease my spirit." And so the two men walked side by side, up and down the meadow between the house with the cedar shingles and the shed within which Gimli's sonorous snoring could be heard, and along the beds where the air was heavy with the scent of rosemary, sage and chamomile. Damrod unfolded the wondrous tale of his love for Noerwen like a colourful tapestry, and Legolas listened intently, asking a short question from time to time. When the story was finished, dewdrops were glistening like pale jewels in the first light of the sun, and they sat on the bench beside the front door of the house. "I waited two years for her to return," Damrod softly said. "I knew I had no right to hope, no right to claim her for my own. There were times when I was close to giving up, and in the second Spring after she vanished without a trace, I decided to simply thank the One and the Valar that I had been granted to love her as long as I could, during that one, turbulent summer in the suffering city. And then, one day, I returned from a patrol, and when I came back from the stable, she…" He broke off, searching for the right words to describe this life-shattering moment. "She walked across the meadow, right into my arms," he finally continued. "It was a miracle, a gift, absolutely unbelievable… and completely undeserved. She was my answered prayer, and she has never left me since." They didn't speak for yet another while, but it was a peaceful, companionable silence. Damrod watched Legolas from the corner of his eye, studying the calm, beautiful face and patiently waiting for the elf's judgement. From the branches of the old oak beside the shed a bird rose into the sky, its voice clear and piercingly sweet, like a triumphant fanfare of the morning. Suddenly Legolas stirred beside him, following the bird with his sharp eyes. "I have always loved the song of the lark," he said, rising from the bench and stretching his arms and back with easy grace. "Lírulin we call it in the old elven language, ,Morning Singer'… herald of the new day and messenger of hope." He turned to Damrod with a smile. "I cannot pretend to understand the purposes of the One in this matter," he said, "but your fate is a wonder and joy to me; it almost makes me feel young again. I am glad to have met you and your wife, Damrod of Ithilien… you are blessed indeed. And may that blessing never fade." He turned away and walked over the grass, singing softly under his breath. Damrod closed his eyes, the sun warming his face. Morning Singer, herald of the new day and messenger of hope. "Lírulin," he murmured, the bright syllables rolling on his tongue like music. "Lírulin… " The front door opened, and Alassiel stepped out of the house. "I'm preparing breakfast right now," she said, drying both hands on her big apron. "You must be hungry; and I could need something in my stomach, too. Oh… by the way, have you already found a name for your little bird?" Damrod eyed her with deep contentment. "Believe it or not, I have indeed, " he said, smiling. "It's the most beautiful name anyone could think of." FINIS