stood in the doorframe. " Elboron!" The voices of Faramir and Éowyn in a disbelieving unison. The lad walked the few meters down to the gardens, upright and with slow steps, like a doomed man on the way to his execution. The King watched him come, a glow of honest admiration in his heart. Brave rascal . he thought. Then Elboron stood before them. He bowed before the King and kissed his hand. "Your Majesty…" He bowed before his parents, blushing deeply, and when he straightened his back, the adults could see that his chin was trembling. "Father… mother…" "You left the house secretly instead of greeting the king, and you caused a lot of trouble by escaping your duties." Faramir said sternly. "Is there anything you have to say to your excuse?" "Father, I am sorry." Elboron said, his cheeks turning from a bright red to a deep pallor. "I didn't want to disappoint you." His composure was visibly spent, and now his eyes were full of tears. "May I suggest something?" That was Noerwen who had considerately kept herself in the background before. "What is it?" Faramir asked, his gaze still fixed on the compunctious face of his son. "I would like to take the boy with me during my next herbal excursion." she said. "Damrod will be with me, and your son will have to follow all my orders. I could use two extra hands, and it might teach him the obedience he seemingly needs to learn." The bowed head of the lad jerked up and a sudden color streamed back into his cheeks. For a short moment gray eyes met green eyes, and he swallowed. "But, father…" His voice trembled. "That's a splendid idea." Faramir said, visibly satisfied. "This will teach you a lot about humility, my son. You will do everything the Healer asks you, and she will tell me if you don't." Noerwen nodded solemnly, and again her gaze and that of Elboron met. "As you wish, father." the lad murmured. "You should take Elboron up to the residence." the King said; he had watched both, the exchange of words and gazes, with keen eyes and ears, and he knew the young prince rather well. "Perhaps a few days of house arrest would be a good beginning of his punishment… and some extra elvish lessons." Faramir had to struggle to keep the stern face he wanted to show his son… especially when he saw the wild panic in Elboron's eyes, undoubtedly caused by the thought of Olorhel's somniferous methods of teaching. "Won't you come with us, your Majesty?" Éowyn asked. "In an instant, my Lady." The King answered. "I have to discuss some matters with the Healer. Just go ahead." He watched together with Noerwen how father, mother and son walked over the clearing; Elboron's shoulders were bowed, he was a picture of deep ruefulness. When they had vanished behind the trees, Damrod came out of the house, bowed before the king and laid a hand on the shoulder of his wife. The King turned around and glared at the Healer. "Now enough of this buffoonery." he said. "Don't try to tell me that you didn't do that little lout a great favor. I saw the twinkle in your eyes clearly enough." Damrod grinned. "I told you, love, that it would be dangerous to do that in his presence." he said. "That was bad luck." Noerwen replied. "And I have to ask for your forgiveness, my Lord. But I think he will learn enough hard lessons within the next days – let alone the next years. And besides… crawling along the ground in the woods, searching for arnica and horsetail, will teach him some of the humility his father is expecting." She smiled at Aragorn. "Not if he obviously enjoys crawling along the ground, his nose in the underbrush." the King retorted dryly. "I guess this is not the first excursion he undertakes with you?" "No, the third one." Noerwen replied in the same dry tone. "He has a great gift for finding rare herbs. His father has no idea of it, but Lady Éowyn knows… thankfully enough she kept her silence, or the secret would be out. She doesn't lie very well. " Her eyes and the eyes of the King locked for a long moment, then Aragorn relaxed and started to laugh. "You are incorrigible." he said, when he had regained his breath. "But this is one of the things I like about you, Noerwen of Ithilien. You are a lucky man, Damrod." "I know, your Majesty." The hands of the ranger and his wife entwined on her shoulder. "I know." "And now I will follow our lost princeling and his parents." The King sighed. "And I will tell my scribe to make a second copy of the book for you, as soon as I have returned to Minas Tirith." He smiled, a twinkle in his eyes. " And I will not tell the Prince of Ithilien how cheekily you fooled him… I guess, because it was a good idea." His gaze rested for a moment on her belly. "You will be a fine mother, Noerwen." He turned away, crossed the clearing with long steps and vanished between the trees. "What kind of book?" Damrod asked. "I'll show you." she said. "But now I'd like to go inside and lie down for a while. I'm tired… and you finally have the chance to pamper me the way you want to for months now." She wrapped both arms around his neck. "Use it well." she murmured, close to his mouth. He smiled and kissed her, and then he said what he had said the night before he made love to her for the very first time, nearly ten years ago. "I have mastered more difficult tasks than that." And he lifted her up on his arms, carried her into the house and closed the door behind them. THE END Garaf – (Sindarin) wolf