you mix them wrong, you'll end up with a terrible mess and a lot of dead rose bushes." "I will need your help with the correct recipe then", Noerwen guided him through the house, walked beside him down the path through the front garden and opened the gate. "And I can give you some fine ramson recipes in exchange, if you want." "Oh, I'd love to have them!" Sam took her hand and gave it a firm squeeze. Then he turned around and walked over the clearing. Noerwen stood silent beside the fence and followed the small, upright figure with her eyes until the hobbit vanished between the trees and was gone. vvvvv Damrod of Ithilien returned from Osgiliath late in the evening. He guided his mare into the stable, sneaked into the house and was greeted by Maethor who was wise enough this time to reduce his welcome to an enthusiastic wagging of his tail and an attempt to lick his master's face. Damrod calmed the dog, washed the dust and sweat of a long ride from his body and sneaked up to the bedrooms. He found his daughter fast asleep, kissed her brow and spoke the same prayer he said every evening ever since his wife had laid Lírulin as a baby in his arms. Thank you for this gift. Thank you that her mother is still here… make both of them stay with me until the very last day of my life. Please. Noerwen was still awake; she sat in their matrimonial bed, studying a huge tome in the light of two six-armed candleholders. "You will spoil your eyes, love", he scolded gently, taking the book from her hands and closing it. He slipped beside her into the bed, certain that she could smell the scent of chamomile soap with the faint aroma of horse underneath. She turned to him and touched his cheek, and he could see the tender expression in her face. "I've missed you." "I've missed you, too." He felt her fingers running through his hair, and with a sudden sting he remembered that there were some gray streaks in it that hadn't been there only a year ago. I'm getting old , he had told her only last week, and she had laughed, turning him away from the mirror and kissing him. You remind me of Aragorn when I first met him , she retorted with a twinkle, and I'm sure the Numenorean blood in your people will keep you young even if your hair is white – which will look gorgeous, of course . And she had pulled him over to the bed and had proven to him that he was indeed young enough… young enough to rejoice in her unerring gift for love and the delightful blessing of her body. "What did you do today?" he asked. "We had visitors", she replied. "Very special visitors." Her eyes were shining in the candlelight. " Samwise Gamgee was here, with his wife and his daughter." "So you've finally met him?" He laughed and kissed her. "You've waited quite a long time, haven't you?" "Twenty-three years, to be precise", she said, pulling him down beside her. "But it was worth the patience. I've never met anyone with such a faithful heart before. He is astonishing." He leaned in and buried his face in her hair. "Did… did you ever regret it?" he suddenly asked. "What?" "That you left your world behind… to be with me?" It took some time until she spoke, and his heart sank. Finally she sat up, looking at him with an unreadable expression in her eyes. "When I first read about the fact that the Ringbearer was too damaged to enjoy the rest of his life, and that he had to leave the shores of Middle Earth, I was tremendously disappointed and angry." she said slowly. "I didn't understand that it sometimes takes a harsh step to cure a wounded soul. But now I'm wiser." "What does that mean?" "I had to make that step myself, remember?" she answered quietly. "And it turned out as a blessing. I am sure Frodo Baggins is as healed and whole in the Undying Lands as I am now, here, by your side." "But one day you will die", he said, his gaze fixed on the familiar, beloved face. "As will he. That's the way we are created, love", she replied, gently closing both hands around his face. "But I am sure Sam Gamgee will meet his master again before he passes the borders between life and death." She kissed him, the touch barely more than a faint whiff. "And whenever I have to go, I want to have you by my side." she whispered against his mouth. "Do you promise me this?" He nodded. "Nothing could keep me away from you." Not even my own death. They lay side by side, and he remembered the honest, broad face of Master Samwise; he had met him in Minas Tirith, touched by his simple strength and generous heart. And despite the obvious happiness of the hobbit he had sensed something amiss… deep inside... something incomplete ... something that had left an old, lasting scar on the soul of the famous, simple hero of the Ring War. Let them be reunited one day, in this world or in the next , he silently prayed while he listened to Noerwen's breath grow slow and regular as she slid into slumber, and when I have to leave myself some day, let there be a world where I am allowed to be with her again, too. Damrod held his wife closer, the sturdy figure of a hobbit with a barley blonde head still sharp and clear in front of his inner eye, and finally he fell asleep, a smile on his face. THE END Cormarë – Ringday (the 22nd of September, Frodo's birthday). Lírulin – Quenya: lark Maethor – Sindarin: warrior Garaf – Sindarin: wolf Rusca – Quenya: brown