it seemed that perhaps indeed every fable was based in some reality. He noticed only then that Elrond had been standing directly by her side during this exchange and that he had basically taken all of his best efforts at formality and dignity for the day's proceedings and effectively rendered them rather moot. Elrond carried no look of concern, however. To the best of Aragorn's memory his face had always been one of such somber seriousness and purpose, but now for the first time he could recall there were no lines and creases of worry upon his face but rather the beaming approval of a father upon his daughter's happiness. The two began to exchange the bow of equal rulers but seeing as how pomp and circumstance had been effectively slaughtered for the day they stopped mid-way and embraced each other as dear friends laughing joyfully. Aragorn's fingers found and intertwined with Arwen's and the two of them turned back into the inner courtyard now to an even more thunderous eruption of celebration than ever! It was not every day after all that loyal subjects could see a favored son anointed king and bear witness to his selection of a queen all at the same time! He and Arwen moved throughout the crowd continuing to greet and talk with countless joyful faces. He was impressed with how naturally Arwen fielded the many questions that came her way from various adulators...yet another quality in her he had yet to learn. How he looked forward now to spending a lifetime learning more about her everyday. As they enjoyed the company of many friends and loved ones together Aragorn made sure to steal a look at Arwen every now and then to ensure that she was indeed still there and not some apparition of his mind. She seemed to sense that he was looking at her as only lovers and best friends seemed to be able to do and would almost instantly return his gaze assuring him that she was indeed still there and had no intention of not being there. Aragorn felt as he never had in his life. He thought back to the days and nights that he has spent running from his destiny...afraid of what it would mean to embrace...afraid that that would mean giving up all that he loved. Now, he saw that all things had worked together to the good of all. He had chosen finally to embrace his destiny on that day that seemed eons ago in which he had committed himself to the Fellowship of the Ring. He had assumed that choice would mean giving up that which he loved so much, but he had come to terms with that and accepted it as his lot in life not realizing how Eru's grand scheme was sometimes far more circular than one might think...that by choosing to give up and sacrifice he had insured that he would one day receive it again...but under far more glorious circumstances than he himself could ever have designed alone. Such was the way of this wondrous time and place in which he and all around him lived. As he was finishing a brief though very involved dialogue with one of Gondor's most-skilled of horse wranglers he felt Arwen's hand grip his tightly and intentionally to draw his attention. Aragorn turned and noticed immediately a large gap in the gathering, and as his eyes fell downward to four small figures who for all intents and purposes were the tallest in stature of any present. Looking as though they felt more out of place than a cave trolls at a wedding banquet were Merriadoc Brandywine, Peregrin Took, Samwise Gamgee, and Frodo Baggins...they who, despite their diminuitive size, were the saviors of all Middle-Earth each for his own reason. Those present were well-aware of this fact it was apparent as they gave a proper amount of respectful distance between they and the four hobbits. The crowd quietened a bit as if waiting to see what would happen next. Aragorn noticed this and as he prepared to address the crowd on the behalf of these to whom they owed everything happening on this day he saw the second thing that surprised him this day and perhaps the most humbling thing he had ever experienced in his life...certainly far more humbling even than receiving the crown of Gondor. These four souls whose determination in the face of unspeakably bleak odds...who had risen far above anything anyone else had been required to...were bowing before him. He had made room within his desire to remain as normal as possible for all the bowing and courtesy and praise that was due this day, but this was far, far too much. Aragorn would have none of this. He let go of Arwen's hand and stepped forward intently. He spoke with as much incredulity as he could find in his voice. "My friends..." he said, his voice carrying as much respect and gentle correction as he could afford, "...you bow to no one. " They looked a bit unsure by what he meant. So, he decided to show them exactly what he meant. Casting a loving look toward each one and allowing an extra moment upon Frodo he relaxed his face to show as much humble appreciation as he knew how. Gandalf had spoken to him a few days earlier that a king's primary role was as a leader and steward of his people and particularly to lead them by example…..and he had said that surely the first act a king led his people in would be well-remembered for the ages to come. And so, as his first act of leadership as the first king of the age of man, Arwen at his side, he knelt and lowered his head as far as he could and bent the knee of his heart even further...King Elessar led his people in bowing all at once to the finest men he had ever known.