last minion fell, then set about releasing first Legolas and then the child. Legolas helped the boy from the alter and rubbed his wrists and ankles to relieve the pain caused by the constricting restraints. 'Th..thank you, my lord!' stammered the boy. The child stared them from Legolas to each of his liberators: 'You're Elves!' he stated, incredulously. Legolas smiled kindly. 'We are indeed, young one! Now, tell me, what is your name and where do you hail from?' The boy drew a deep breath and announced proudly; 'I am Amren, son of Bedwyr from the village of Rhuthun.' 'Well, Amren, son of Bedwyr, I am most honoured and pleased to meet you. These are my companions, Haldir, Rumil, Melpomaen, Balewath and…..' 'What about me?' blustered Gimli. Standing behind the Elves he had been hidden from the child and was impatient to announce his presence and lineage. Ignoring Legolas completely, he pushed his way between the Elves: 'I am Gimli, son of Gloin and as you can plainly see, I am no Elf!' Amren giggled slightly and bowed. Legolas placed his hand on Amren's shoulder: 'We will return you to the place you belong, and you can tell me along the way about your abductors.' Taking the child's hand, he turned to lead him from the cave. The others followed and as they walked they took time to look about the cavern. Suddenly, Rumil ran to a small niche and called out: 'Come, look at this!' Everyone rushed to join him and stared with incredulity at what they saw. Amulets, rings, buckles and other objects wrought of precious metals filled the small nook. Melpomaen picked up an amulet and lovingly traced the delicate tracery upon its surface with his finger. He held it toward his friend in order that he might join in the appraisal of the piece. 'This is a work of love,' said Balewath simply. 'I believe the owner of such an item would not have parted with it willingly.' 'Glythvyr and his followers have been forcing my people to give them things for many year,' said Amren. 'Sometimes though, they demanded food and wine and other times….' he paused and his eyes filled with tears as he continued in a voice barely above a whisper, 'they would take one of the children.' Haldir frowned at this comment and knelt before the child: 'Have they taken many, my small friend?' 'Yes,' replied Amren, 'and they were never seen again!' 'Why did you not fight them?' demanded Gimli. 'They were many and we are few!' replied the boy. Rumil, who had been rifling through the small hoard during the conversation suddenly tapped Legolas on the shoulder and handed him a delicate chain. Attached to one of the links was a small pendant and it was to this that Rumil wanted to draw Legolas' attention in particular. 'I believe this bears the crest of your father's House, Legolas!' Legolas held the dainty item in his palm and drew a sharp breath. Too well he remembered the last time he had seen it. It was the exact same necklace he recalled seeing about his mother's neck. He could not recollect a time when she had ever removed it. Delight at seeing it again quickly gave way to bewilderment however, as one question raced through his mind. How did his mother's necklace come to be so far from the realm of King Thranduil? His mother had been wearing it when she had disappeared during a journey long years ago. He turned to the child and asked him: 'Have you ever seen this before?' To his amazement, for he did not really expect a positive reply, Amren said: 'It belonged to a beautiful lady. She and her husband passed through our village and used it to buy food from my father. He was very sad when he was forced to hand it over because he had always told me he was only looking after it until the lady returned. She was an Elf and so was her husband.' 'So that is how you knew we were Elves!' stated Haldir and he smiled slightly at Amren. 'Oh no, I knew you were Elves because of your……' Amren pointed to his ear and circled his finger around the tip. 'Ah, I see,' said Haldir and the simple honesty of the child caused his smile to broaden. 'But the lady,' continued Legolas, 'did you see her?' 'Oh yes,' replied Amren and he continued dreamily 'she was the most beautiful lady I've ever seen. Long, blonde hair and really blue eyes - just like yours!' Legolas' eyes widened in amazement and questions ran wildly through his mind. He knew his mother was dead; his father had told him of her death years before but now he began to question whether perhaps, there could be some slim chance she was still alive. He could not explain why, if she still lived, she had not returned to her home or why she would be in the company of another Elf, but the fact remained that her necklace now lay in his hand and as he gestured to the others to move out, he closed his fingers around it and held it against his heart. Suddenly he had a quest. Suddenly he had questions to which he had to find answers and without saying a word to his companions, their light-hearted trek assumed, for him at least, a new purpose. Tbc. 'Cruor est vita! Blood is life Imbibo cruor! Drink the blood Nex est vita!' Death is life Well, there you have it! Chapter 1! I suppose you have an idea now of where this story is heading. I can assure you, all types of genre will be included in the travels of Legolas and his friends, from horror to romance, drama to mystery, so please join me for the journey! Oh, and er…..if you have a moment and would like to review I'll be jumping up and down. Thanks!