where were those dwarves? By now, Estel would've gladly stridden into their rooms to shake them none too gently awake, but was held back by the knowledge that it wouldn't help their already unsteady relationship. Estel looked up when he heard a small sigh from the corner of the bar area. A small boy barely even ten years old sat alone and looked as though he was freezing. Estel took pity on the young boy, as he looked exceedingly lonely. Seeing no one else around him, Estel walked quietly over and sat down across from the boy. The boys eyes went wide; he obviously hadn't been expecting company anytime soon, and not from someone so...creepy. Estel smiled as he remembered a similar feeling from not too long ago. "What's your name?" he asked the boy kindly. The boy looked hesitant for a moment, but knew of no reason as to why he should withhold his name. "Hasof, sir," the boy replied. He looked up at Estel from under his strands of sandy-blonde hair. His blue eyes seemed to be questioning why the man was here at all. "I'm Estel," Estel said, answering the boy's unasked question. The boy smiled slightly back at him, and then looked down quickly. He rubbed his bare arms with his hands, obviously cold again, and the two fell into awkward silence for a few moments. The boy's discomfort did not go unnoticed to Estel, and when he could stand it no longer he shrugged off his coat and held it out to Hasof. Hasof looked up, not quite sure what this stranger wanted him to do with his coat. "Here, take it for now. You look dreadful cold," coaxed Estel. Hasof looked for a moment like he was going to accept the offer, but then something clicked in the back of his mind and he shook his head. "No, sir, I couldn't..." he mumbled, but Estel held up his hand to stem off any protests. "Call me Estel. And please, it's no trouble. You need it more than I," he assured the boy. "It's not that sir...Estel," Hasof protested. Estel quirked an eyebrow in confusion. "What is it?" he asked. Hasof shifted uncomfortably under his curious gaze. "It's...." he started, and then clamped his mouth shut before he could say anything. Estel bit back a sigh. "Don't worry, you can tell me," he said. Hasof lowered his eyes and said, "My mother wants me to keep this pair of clothes clean." Estel stared at the boy for a moment, an unbelieving look in his eyes and his mouth slightly open. He looked down at his coat. It had been originally a deep, midnight blue; a gift from his father, Elrond. It had been his father's coat long ago, but it no longer looked the part. Dark, brown, dirty splotches decorated the sleeves, and the hem of the coat had a brown ring from being dragged in the mud. It wasn't even as soft as it had originally been, for the rain had made the coat stiff, like thick leather. Realizing all of this, Estel threw his head back and laughed. Hasof, seeing the older man's reaction to what otherwise would have been an offensive remark, grinned at the man and couldn't stop himself from giggling slightly. Even though he had just met Estel, there was something about him that made his trustworthy, something about him that demanded to be listened to. He seemed familiar somehow, but Hasof knew that he had never seen him before. Estel was about to reply to Hasof's remark about his abominable coat when he heard footsteps from the hallway that led to the dwarves' rooms. But the steps where too lightly taken to be of dwarfish origin, and he soon found himself gazing upon a short woman who bore a striking resemblance to Hasof. The woman had long, sandy blonde hair and piercing blue eyes. She, not unlike Estel, had donned a traveling garb, and had a small pack slung over her shoulder. She stopped when she saw the pair sitting together at the pitiable wooden table, and paced softly over until she was behind Hasof. "Hasof, why are you troubling this man? Come, we must leave now," she whispered into his ear, no doubt intending to escape Estel's hearing. Estel, however, had not grown up with elves and gained nothing. Years of striving to equal the exceptional abilities of his surrounding family had not been in vain, and he picked up every word said. "I assure you, ma'am, he was no trouble," he supplied quickly. The woman looked up, surprised that this stranger had picked up the whispered statement. She smiled slightly at the larger man and gently tapped her son on the shoulder, signaling that it was time for him to leave. "Excuse me...?" she trailed off uncertainly, glancing up at Estel. "Estel," he replied quickly after realizing the reason for her hesitation. The woman nodded her head and continued. "Well, Estel, my son and I must be going. You'll excuse us, please," she said briskly, obviously in a hurry to depart. Estel stared quizzically at her retreating back. Queer folk, these people of Bree. They went against many things that he had been brought up to believe in the haven of Imladris. Perhaps he wasn't ready for the world of men just yet. Estel pushed the chair back into its previous niche and resumed his pacing. If those damned dwarves didn't wake up soon... Estel sighed. What would his brothers say? TBC... Well, did you like! I hope so! Please, please, please review, it encourage me to post more often (winks inconspictuously). Also, please visit my web page, which can be found on my bio page. Stay tuned for the next chapter: Unexpected Company I would also like to say that, for once, I KEPT MY OWN DEADLINE! I promised that I would post by October, and I did! Yay for me, LOL! Happy Halloween!!! ;-P CzechChicka