could still see the knife in his arm, and she wished so badly that she could help it, that she could somehow get rid of his pain. She would have taken it herself just to end her baby's suffering. She stroked him gently and began softly humming an old song to him, a soothing song almost like a lullaby. Shagrat lay in his mother's arms crying softly, until she finished. She gave a loud exhale of breath and he turned to face her. "Mama…loves you…little…Shagrat. Mama…loves…you…so…much." With her last breath, she confirmed her final thoughts at death. "…and…Mama…will…always…love…you." And the her eyes closed and she breathed no more. Shagrat didn't believe what he was seeing. "Mama? Mama, wake up! Mama!" His tears had started all over again, his eyes now waterfalls. "Mama, please! MAMA!" he cried. Then he fell back down onto her, crying and sobbing as loud as he could. "Shagrat, where are you!" Isthey called. The Men had continued on in the direction they had been running and disappeared. Isthey feared his brother lay among the dead when he heard the unmistakable cry. "…MAMA!" Isthey ran up and over the hill, but stopped when he saw the sight that greeted him. A newborn baby lay crushed to death beside the body of its mother. In the mother's arms, another child lay, his body racking with sobs. Isthey slowly approached it until he could put a hand on the baby's shoulder. "Shagrat?" he said. Shagrat looked up and Isthey's heart shattered immediately. He had seen his brother cry many times, but never like this. Shagrat's little face was far beyond soaked with tears, his eyes red and bloodshot from crying so hard. Isthey wrapped his arms around his little brother and held him close. Shagrat looked up at him and squeaked out the only thing he could manage to say right then. "Why?" Isthey hugged his brother tighter. "I don't know." he said, his own eyes watering, "I don't know why they do this. Oh, Shagrat! You're hurt!" he said spying the knife in the baby's arm and quickly pulling it out, which caused Shagrat to cry even more. "I want Mama." Shagrat stated through his tears. "I'm sorry, sweetie. Mama's gone. She…she…died." He had force out the last word, hoping it didn't hit his brother too hard. "Died?" Shagrat asked. Isthey nodded. "Mama's gone now. Forever. She's not coming back." Already, he could see more tears in Shagrat's eyes. He didn't know what else to say to comfort his baby brother, whom he knew was trying with all the force of his will to deny this horrid reality. He envied Shagrat for that reason, because Shagrat was still at that tender age of childhood innocence where death and loss were imaginary things that were only talked about, but never really happened. But they had happened. Poor Shagrat was stunned beyond speech as his brother's words finally began to take hold and sink in. He hid his face against Isthey's chest and Isthey felt his tunic becoming moist. He didn't care. At other times, he probably would have been annoyed and yelled at Shagrat to stop crying. But now he could only imagine Shagrat's little heart breaking at the realization that his mother was gone from him and would never return. Shagrat didn't need to be yelled at now. He needed to be held, comforted, loved. He needed to know that he wasn't alone, that someone would still be there to care for him, to hug him and kiss him good night, to dry his tears when he cried, and to protect him from harm. Isthey vowed to himself he would. It was no longer possible for him to go off and leave the baby with their mother. Shagrat needed him now, depended on him. He hugged Shagrat again and stroked his hair gently. "Mama." Shagrat whimpered pitifully as Isthey stroked his hair, which was damp from sweat and tears. Suddenly, this gave Isthey an idea. Still holding his brother in his arms, Isthey found their mother's eagle feather hairpiece and slowly took it off her. She'll understand, he thought as he carefully took it out of her thin braid. She probably would have done this herself if she could. She'd probably want it done. For Shagrat's sake. "Here." He said, fixing the hairpiece onto Shagrat's own little black braid. "Now you can always have a bit of Mama with you, wherever you go." Shagrat stroked the feather gently and rubbed it against his cheek. Then he sank back into his brother's arms, whining softly. "There now. It's all right, Shagrat. Your big brother's gonna take care of you now. You'll be okay." "But…Mama…loves me." Shagrat said. "So do I." Isthey replied. Shagrat stared at him. "Really?" he inquired. Isthey nodded. "In fact, I have something else for you." He stuck his hand inside his tunic and pulled out a strip of black leather as wide as two of his fingers with beaded tassels on the ends. It was a necklace his brother had made for him a while back. He had meant to give it to Shagrat on the day they celebrated his birth, but he felt Shagrat needed it more now. "Your answer is on the inside." he said. Shagrat turned the strip over in his hands and spied the words carefully tooled into the leather. They were the only words he knew how to read but they were all he needed right now. He knew the message was from both his mother and Isthey. Isthey tied the necklace around Shagrat's neck. Shagrat threw his arms around his brother's neck, and as Isthey held him, he recalled the words on the inside of the necklace. I love you, little Shagrat. And I always will. I know. So sad. Don't say I didn't warn you about that! I did! Please read AND review. And while you're here, please read AND review my other stuff, particularly "An Eternal Bond"