special with your people, sir, you are…," she said nothing as she was interrupted by a heavy long moan while her legs trembled "...amazing. I deny thinking all elves are this good." As he kissed them he answered pausedly, trying to put an end to this bothering conversation. He just wanted to enjoy the time. "Elves tend to keep for themselves only for procreation, so no. Best case they do it regularly with their lifetime partner. Now, can we just… do this?" "Sounds romantic… Oh yes, I could do this every day" answered the ginger while her friend was on ecstasy. He directed them to put their knees and hands on the bed while he leaned in from behind with the ginger again, then the black haired girl and back many times taking turns. After some minutes and between a new set of moans from both women the red haired girl had spasms again but he did not stop, nor did she want him to. After that, she leaned back with her waist still bent towards him and kissed him to then ask: "So, milord, why is it that you are like this and there is no fortunate life partner elven lady?" As soon as she said this he stopped abruptly. Soon he had no mood. Soon a good day was gone by a mere silly and innocent question. But it burned in his chest. The great day in which two ladies decided to lay with him was absolutely crushed. He seated aside of the bed and the ginger seemed confused while the other girl went in with her lips towards his pelvis but he stopped her. "Get out" he asked in a low voice. "What? But we are having so much fun!" said the red haired girl. "I need to be alone now, please…" "But, don't we please you?" "You do… you did… but you finished… we are finished here." "Then let's keep…" "I said get out!" The girls seemed to understand now that his request was serious so they just stepped out of bed and started getting dressed as they were quiet. The black haired one got out first a bit confused and sad. Then the red haired one went to the door and looked at him. "I'm sorry if I offended you, sir, it's just…" "I know. It is not your guilt to bear, but mine." "If you ever want to find us again we come here often, and next time I promise I will convince my other friend…" Silver looked at her as if she was just stepping over the line now and she just got out of the room, closing the door behind her. There, naked and alone he reached for his belt and took out a dagger and started to play with it while he was thinking. Why does it still stings? After some deep thinking and remembering, Aldúnil set off to his chambers to prepare for his journey, although he would not be joining Legolas to meet up Aragorn again. Before his babysitting duty, he would attend more important matters in his priority list and head to Lothlorien, to pay a visit to his sister, Sinnié. Although she was protected by Lady Galadriel —being the only person alive besides them that knew who she was— he worried about his sister, and many moons had passed since they last saw each other. They were twins, and something thicker than blood bonded them, something deeper than normal brotherly love. The battle for Erebor was over; now a dark presence was casting a shadow all over the land, he could sense it, and so should Sinnié. Lothlorien was a safe place thanks to its rare magic, but that didn't meant it was untouchable. He would disobey his king to make sure she was right. The time when his sister and him got into different paths, was the day she became Galadriel protégé. The same day he departed to wander the world, much before being a soldier of Lasgalen. After that, he visited her from time to time, every few years or decades but when he became a soldier he took an oath and since then he was not allowed to make usual personal trips, not even to the close Lothlorien, even less when it was for unknown reasons that he would not reveal. She had always been a shy, lonely woman, preferring her books and music lessons than exploring the world outside. Yet, she was very skilled in throwing knives; a very handy ability to put a stop on her brother when he was bothering her. Aldúnil smiled while remembering their childhood together, far away from elvish cities, in a quiet human town with their mother, up until she died, revealing an overwhelming truth about her children, changing their worlds completely. Aldúnil took this truth harshly, since he always thought they were alone in the world as a family, even more so when he related the stories of the great healing elves to the sickness of his mother, thinking she could have been saved. But this just gave more meaning to his previous resolution. He wanted to explore the world, and even more, he wanted to earn a hero name for himself, far more than having it due to a lineage that he never knew while growing up. However, Sinnié thought differently, deciding to visit the living relatives they had; in Doriath. She was young and naïve by that time, now, a sense of overwhelming curiosity was flooding him about how did his sister should be by now. A warrior? A diplomat? married? Slowly he fell asleep with a smile on his face, imagining Sinnié as a married cranky elvish woman, married to some Lothlorien lord and how upset or happy could she be. As soon as the first lights of day touched the crests of Mirkwood trees, Aldúnil headed to the gates to start his journey, without realizing —or deliberately ignoring— that Tauriel followed him.