rather hurtfully, pursing his lips so to make a pout. "I know. Let us make a toast to pretty ladies and pretty jewels. Cheers!" And he began to gulp down the contents of chalice, but his eyes stared beadily at the elf, his knife gripped in his other hand, watching to be sure that the elf did indeed drink the contents of the chalice. Legolas followed suit hesitantly, lifting the goblet to his lips with both hands, slowly letting its bitter taste pass down his throat. It seemed to burn his mouth as it passed down into his stomach but he did not stop. He could not stop. The elf's body suddenly seized up as the now empty chalice fell numbly from his grip, clattering loudly on the hard floor beneath him as he soon followed suit, eyes blinded by tears as he tried to ignore the how his stomach suddenly felt set aflame, like there was an inferno burning with his body. He did not need the pain to tell him that he had chosen wrong. Fate had not been friendly with him this day. And it had cost him his life. "Legolas!" cried out the twins as they raced forward, stooping as one as they grabbed their blades on the ground only a short distance before them, ready to race in to deal with the kidnapper. A single thud made them stop short as a knife quivered in the wooden beam a mere inch above Aragorn's head. "Drop those swords and move back to the wall, because next time I won't miss!" yelled the man as he drew his second knife. "This elf is already a goner. Don't add this ranger's life on top of your losses. Now drop those swords! Now!" Elladan and Elrohir seemed to contemplate whether or not to comply with the man's demands, but as he lifted his arm to throw once again, aiming directly at Aragorn's head, they dropped their blades swiftly, the metal clanging emptily on the ground below them, as empty as their own hearts were right then. Keeping an eye on the two as they reluctantly backed away, he crouched down at Legolas' prostrate, trembling form, snatching a handful of his long blonde hair, lifting his head so that Legolas now partially sat on his knees, the two facing each other. "Well princeling, game over. You lose. In learning you will teach and in teaching you will learn... today's lesson for you and your friends is never to trust one who wants to live and wants you dead. But I'm afraid you won't be doing much teaching after today!" His armed hand rose, ready to slice his throat as cries of despair and rage tore from the elf twin's throat as they raced forward again, though they knew in their hearts that they would not make it in time to save the Mirkwood prince. Abruptly, an arm shot up and grabbed hold of the hand holding the hilt, causing both the sons of Elrond and the knife to stop where they were. His green eyes grew wide in surprise as cold blue ones stared back at him, as cold and hard as steel as Legolas held fast to the hand, using all his strength to turn the blade, towards his foe. Sweat beaded from the elf's brow, and his breathing was hot and fast from the poison coursing through his body, but still he contested his strength against the man's, gritting his teeth as he willed his strength to hold out, so to finish one last deed before death takes him. "If I must die," hollered Legolas to the man's face, "then I am at least taking you with me!" "Stop!" cried the foe desperately, for he had underestimated Legolas' strength, and thought the poison to have paralyzed him by now, or even kill him. But now he realized the mistake of his assumptions, and his pride. And he realized that he did not wish to meet death. He tried to release his hold on his dagger, but the hand that gripped his held him with strength beyond any he could break. His eyes flashed wildly as he flailed in Legolas' hold, his mind telling him to pull away, but his muscles did not respond, and he could only cry out vainly: "Mercy please!" "In learning you will teach and in teaching you will learn," snarled Legolas, his eyes becoming dark and glazed. "Today's lesson for you is to never underestimate your opponents, or to play mind games using a friend and an innocent as the source of torment and personal amusement!" With a single burst of raw, unbridled energy, Legolas shoved the dagger away from him, digging it deeply into the man's dark heart, blood spilling slowly from the wound as his foe's eyes dimmed and darkened, the light of existence fading from his corpse as he fell back, away from Legolas, his hand still tightly gripping the hilt of the blade that became his bane. "Unfortunately," gasped Legolas as he collapsed face down, "you… will not be… teaching… after today…" Footsteps echoed about his mind as voices floated about his inner thoughts, calling to him, though they were dulled by the excruciating pain his body was undergoing, the burning, the piercing, the agony of its heat. Rarely before had he ever felt such torment inside him, such a fire rage within him, and he only wanted it to end. So that he could rest. Words that held no meaning reverberated in his ears, as white light consumed his sight. And he embraced it. And he saw no more. To be continued... Final A/N: Would I be so cruel to allow everyone's favourite elven warrior to die? Well it would be an interesting twist to write; the angst, the drama and the funeral arrangements... -eg- -notices the dangerous light in everyone's eyes at the mind games I am playing- I swear it was a good funeral? Ummm... -runs fearfully-