intestines had been formed in such a way that it could not do so. With a groan, he looked again at Erien and her baby. The foal dropped to the floor and rolled on its back in obvious discomfort. Erien lowered her head and nudged the little creature. "You cannot help it?" Ithilden asked. "No," the stablemaster said. "The best I can do is see that it does not suffer." He opened the stall gate. "Will you see to Erien?" he asked the assistant. "Let me," Ithilden said on impulse. He could scarcely bear the thought of what was about to happen. It could not be helped. It was simply the way of things, and putting the foal down gently was the merciful thing to do. He should have been able to take it in his stride, but he found he could not. He felt like the stablemaster's assistant looked: near to tears. He entered the stall and put a hand on Erien's neck. Her eyes were wide, and for a moment, he feared she would not let the stablemaster slip past her to tend to the foal. "Come this way, sweetheart," he coaxed. "Walk with me a little. The grass in the pasture is sweet." She did not move. "Come," he repeated more insistently, digging his fingers into her mane and giving a little tug. She allowed herself to be guided out into the aisle. The assistant slid past her into the box and closed the gate. Erien looked back and whickered, calling her baby. "Come," Ithilden murmured in her ear. "We will comfort one another." He led her from the stable and into the starry night. Ithilden dragged his weary feet down the hall toward his apartment. He did not believe he had ever been so exhausted. Alfirin leapt to her feet from the chair near the fire. She wore a long white nightdress and had draped her shawl over her shoulders. "What kept you?" she cried. "Are you all right?" Arms outstretched, she ran toward him, her bare feet whispering over the carpet. And suddenly, he did not care if he seemed less than strong or even if he distressed her in opening his heart to her. He snatched her to him and buried his face in her hair. "Erien's foal had to be put down." "Oh no." To his horror, tears spilled from his eyes and ran down his nose. "I have been distracting her as best I could, but she kept calling to the little thing. It nearly finished me." "Oh, my love," Alfirin crooned. "I am so sorry. And on top of Marten's parents. No wonder you felt it." Her love flowed across their bond and wrapped itself around his bruised heart, easing his hurt in the same way he dimly recalled his mother's kiss easing the pain of a scraped knee or a bumped head. "I am so sorry," she repeated. And she was. He could sense the way his grief burdened her now too. He had been selfish, he thought. She pulled away and looked up into his face. "Not selfish," she said firmly. He blinked, a little frightened by how well she had read him. "Not letting me share your grief would be selfish," Alfirin continued. "But this is just being bonded. You give me a gift when you trust me like this." He kissed her forehead. "What have I done to deserve you?" In the midst of death and pain, the bond he shared with his wife was true and sweet. She put her hand on his chest. Like lightning on a summer night, desire flashed through him. She looked at him with eyes grown dark. "Ithilden, I want a baby. I do not want to wait for times to grow better. Times may never grow better. I want a child for us to love and raise together while we can." A child. A new life begotten through his body and hers. Did they dare to give such a hostage to the future in this marred world? Without a word, he swept her into his arms and carried her toward their bedchamber. He had always been gentle in his lovemaking with this gentle Elf woman who loved him, but tonight the love they made was fierce, and hot, and ripe with grief and hope and trust. When they had finished, she lay in the circle of his arms, tendrils of her hair plastered to the sweat on her temples. "Our families will be thrilled," she murmured. He tightened his hold on her. "Would you mind if we did not tell them just yet? For now, let this be just for us." She raised her head to look at him. "I would not mind. We should not wait long though. We can tell your adar on his begetting day. It can be our gift to him." She gave a throaty laugh that sent warmth coursing through him. "A gift he can enjoy for years to come." A gift, he thought. She was right. That was what this baby was. And that was what she was too. He could bear sorrow alone if he had to. He had done it for years. But he saw now how it had worn on him, how it had driven him to fear for Eilian and Legolas, for instance, so that he jumped down their throats when he thought they might be in danger. The innocent suffered and died, and he could not always stop it, whether the victim be a young warrior or an innocent foal. But he did not have to close himself up with his sorrow. He could act with hope for the future and share whatever happened with someone he loved. He kissed his wife again, then lay with the feel of her body against him and her heart and mind brushing his. Thanks to JastaElf for information about Overo Lethal White Syndrome in horses. The genetic defect is incurable even today.