spun about several times until they had lost all sense of direction, and were kept steady only by the firm hands on their shoulders. "Mother?" Toram's small voice questioned fearfully. "Shh, child. It's all right. Everything is going to be fine," Tissla's calm voice reassured, but Joram knew better. She was also close to panicking. "Go," a voice commanded, and they were pushed forward. ………… After over a quarter of an hour of hard galloping, Beryl pulled his horse to a stop in the courtyard of the palace. Legolas moaned slightly at the sudden lack of movement, and Beryl quickly dismounted, gently pulling Legolas into his arms and running inside. "Where is the king?" he shouted to no one in particular. "I-in the throne room," a nearby servant answered. "Why are you—" But Beryl was already gone, running down the corridor, his precious burden clutched close to his chest. As he approached, the great wooden doors were pulled open for him, and he burst in upon the scene before him. Thranduil sat silently upon his great carved throne as he had for the past two days, his mighty shoulders bowed. No crown adorned his head, and his fair hair fell limply about his pale face. The two smaller thrones on either side of him sat cold and empty. "My lord!" Beryl cried, hurrying forward. "What is it, Captain?" Thranduil responded dully, not bothering to look up. "My lord!" Beryl repeated, not really knowing what else to say. Thranduil glanced up at his captain, his eyes widening at the familiar form in the other's arms. "What…what is the meaning of this?" "My lord, he lives still!" Thranduil sat back in surprise. "I-impossible!" "It is true, sire," Beryl replied, holding Legolas forward. "Please, take him." For a moment, the king sat there unmoving, until Legolas's silver eyes cracked open, focusing on the figure above him. "Ada?" Fresh tears welled up in Thranduil's eyes as he took his son, holding him tightly to his chest. "Oh, my son, my son!" he cried. "I believed you were dead! I was there when you took your last breath! You were so still! So still and so cold…" The tears poured freely down the king's face, and Legolas closed his eyes, content to simply remain in his father's arms forever. Legolas shuddered and his eyes slipped closed, his tight on his father loosening considerably. Thranduil looked up at Beryl with fear in his eyes. "What is happening?" "My lord," the Captain replied slowly, hesitantly, "today is but the twenty-seventh day…" "No!" Thranduil exclaimed. He looked down at his pale son, shaking him slightly in disbelief. "No! My son, my son! This cannot be! I only just got you back! I cannot lose you…not again." "Sir, there is yet hope," Beryl spoke again. "He has survived thus far…" 'But that is what we all thought last time,' he added mentally. Thranduil quickly stood, not bothering with a reply, and started running to the Healing Wing of the palace, his son held securely in his arms. Beryl quickly followed him, throwing open the Healing Ward's doors when they got there. All the healers gaped openly when they saw whom the king carried. Thranduil laid his son on one of the many beds, reluctantly letting go of him. "Why are you just standing there! Do something for him!" he snapped at the paralyzed healers. They sprang into action, buzzing all around the prince's bed, edging the king and his captain back. "Shall I send for the Queen, my lord?" Beryl suddenly realized. Thranduil was silent for a long moment, simply watching the halers and his son. "My lord?" "No," he finally replied. "If he were to…if something were to happen to him…again…It would destroy her to lose him again so soon after having regained him." "Sire?" Beryl replied, aghast. Thranduil sighed and closed his eyes, covering his face with one hand. "No, of course. You are right. She deserves to know…to have her son back…for however short a time it may be. Please, fetch her immediately." Beryl hastened out of the room and Thranduil continued to watch in silence as the healers worked. They had removed the prince's shirt and unwrapped the old bandage. They washed the wound and applied fresh bandages, but there was not much more they could do, just as before. Within minutes, a fair maiden with a sheet-white face but dark circles under her weary eyes, came bursting into the room. She first caught hold of Thranduil's arm and he reached out to steady her as her eyes settled on the figure on the bed. Quickly, she sprang forward and without hesitation cast her arms over her still son. The healers stood back, heads bowed in respect for the queen as she wept in pure relief and joy. Thranduil knelt beside her and wrapped a comforting arm around her. After several minutes, she finally looked up into the still face of her son and lovingly stroked his pale check. Then she looked to Thranduil, happiness again on her face for the first time in a long while. "How came this miracle to be?" But instead of answering, the king turned to Beryl, who stood in the doorway. "My lord, my patrol came across three Humans in the woods, a few hours' walk from here. It was they who had the Prince. I left my patrol to bring them in while I rode ahead with the Prince." "Have these Humans brought to my study immediately when they arrive," Thranduil ordered. Beryl bowed and had turned to go, but turned back. "May I just say, your majesties, that I am very grateful the Prince has been returned to us." The queen just smiled, looking at the pale face of her son, lovingly stroking it. End of chapter. Only one left! That one will actually have a bit of excitement in it, as it deals with how Legolas was injured, etc. Will be up as soon as possible!