set to motion the beginning of the rest of your life." He clasped his boys shoulder with a firm hand. "No more will you occupy yourself with the games of children or the nonsense of youth. Tomorrow, Éomer, you will be a man." Éomer nodded numbly, unsure of how to accept this proposition as he watched his father map out the road he would take henceforth; a road that both thrilled and scared the young eight-year-old child. Little did her realize how much this night would change him, would see him leaving the life he knew to that point behind in order to accept the responsibility he would inherit much sooner than any had hoped or expected. But on this night, it was only words to the young boy as his father nudged him homeward, a proud smile on his care-worn face as he turned to re-enter the Mead Hall in order to join his wife in the ministrations upon their youngest child. But as he was about to enter, he turned at a thought towards his eldest child and his heir. "Éomer," he called, his voice booming into the night. "One more thing: promise me that this game that you call war is a game you will never play it again with anyone, much less your sister." And into the night, the child's soft reply whispered, "I promise, father." "Whatcha doing?" Éomer blinked as he was lifted from his brief reverie by the sound of his sister's cheerful and cheeky voice as she poked her head into his bedroom. Only a week had passed since her supposed brush with death and the bruises upon her face along with the linen bandage wrapped generously about her head had made her a terrifying sight to behold. And yet, despite an injury that likely would have incapacitated a full-grown adult for a great deal of time, it seemed that young Éowyn was no worse for wear after a short time in bed. Such is the spirit and endurance of a child that they could recover from such traumas much quicker than those who seemed more capable of handling it. On this day however, there was neither a smile nor even a mocking scowl for his little sister from her elder brother. For in Éomer's hands, he held the wooden practice sword that his father had given him the day before, with a promise that in three days hence and every day from thereon, he would be joining other boys of like age to be trained upon its deadly use by the quartermaster. But until then, his father warned, he would need treat it as a real sword, and give it the due respect that such a weapon required. It was not a play-thing, but something that could be the difference between one's life and death. And so Éomer sat upon his bed staring at the sword for some time, knowing full well that the weapon represented the final days of his childhood. But its significance and meaning was lost upon his younger sister. "Wow, this is pretty!" cried Éowyn as her eyes discovered the thing that Éomer held in his hands. "Is it a new toy that papa gave you?" But as she reached for the hilt of his sword, her eyes shining with both curiosity and wonder, something snapped inside Éomer, for the fear and sadness that had only recently subsided with his sister's quick recovery arose quickly within him. "Don't touch this!" he barked, yanking his sword beyond his sister's reach. "This is not a toy and is especially not something for little girls. This is a sword, a weapon made to hurt people." Éowyn frowned up at her brother as she pointed once more at the sword. "But it's made of wood," she said curiously, "like our sticks. The sword papa and the grown-ups has is made of metal. This isn't meant to hurt." Éomer exhaled a noisy sigh as he rolled his eyes. "Of course you wouldn't understand, Éowyn. You're too young." "Am not!" snapped his little sister. "Are too!" snapped back her older brother as he rose to his feet. "This is more than a stick, Éowyn. It's something that proves I'm now a grown-up. And it means that I'm getting too old for games and toys and such silly little girl nonsense!" "But only last week we were playing horsies and war and dancing flowers!" said Éowyn sadly, her lower lip trembling slightly as she looked upon the boy that was once her favourite play-mate. "How are you a grown-up now when you weren't one a little while ago?" "Much has changed, Éowyn," said Éomer darkly. "But you wouldn't understand. Now I must go. I have to prepare. I will become very busy very soon, Éowyn. So busy, that I can't play with you anymore." "But why?" cried his little sister. Éomer did not answer; he could not answer. He could not even look her in the eyes as he swept past her quickly and out the door; could not look at the tears that were beginning to fall down her crestfallen face. All he knew for certain was that he needed to get away. He raced out the door and into the hills that surrounded the little town of Aldburg, tears falling from his own eyes as he left his childhood behind and by extension, the little sister he loved and would do anything to protect from harm. A little sister he would have to push away because one of the things he had to protect her from was himself and the reality of his future responsibilities as a Man and a warrior. One day, he hoped, she would understand why he did what he did. One day, he hoped, she would forgive him for pushing her away. But until that day, he only wanted to stay away; away from the beloved little sister that he would no longer call his little imp. THE END