in the cool water, but much of the time we spent playing in the little green hollow beside." Elrohir smiled faintly as he recalled those carefree days of youth, so long gone. "So what happened?" Aragorn asked the question that most burned in his mind, and the smile faded from Elrohir's lips. "It was a hunting accident. He would often wander far alone while Elladan and I were busy. He loved nature. But that day he wandered too far. "No one knows quite how it happened. It was just a stray arrow." Elrohir grimaced. "It pierced nearly straight through his chest. Now no one goes to the clearing where it happened, either. "The hunters brought him to Father as quickly as they could, and he was still alive at the time, though it was hopeless from the beginning. He was just too young. We were all so young… "Father tried to keep us out, but he was busy trying to save Legolas. I remember the blood. It covered his clothes and hands—there was even some on his face. It made him look as though he were weeping blood as his tears of pain mixed with it. There was so much blood…" Elrohir's eyes had gained a far-seeing look, and Aragorn knew he was seeing the blood again. "We watched as he drew his last breath…everyone in the room could feel as he left." Elrohir gave a deep shuddering sigh, returning to the present. "They took his body back to Mirkwood, and we have not seen him since." Aragorn stood, laying a comforting hand on Elrohir's shoulder. "Thank you, brother. I think that now I understand." ………… Aragorn returned once more to the little green hollow, now not at all surprised to see the golden-haired child playing in the middle of it. His hair looked wet, as if he had been swimming, and there was no sign of any blood. Legolas stood as Aragorn approached, and the Man knelt a few feet away from him to be nearer eye level. "What do you want me to do?" he asked softly. The child merely started backing away from him and Aragorn stood to follow. We were friends three, now we are two. Our worst nightmare has since come true. As he spoke, Legolas touched a hand to his chest, but when he brought it away, it was covered in blood. The crimson liquid now streamed from a deep wound in the near middle of his chest, but Aragorn continued to follow. Do you remember those warm days When by the water's edge we played? He ducked behind a tree, but when Aragorn peered round the trunk a moment later, there was no sign of him. Or have you now forgotten me? I'm left behind in this dark sea. Aragorn looked up to see the child now standing several yards away. Blood now covered all his clothes, and dripped from his mouth as he spoke. He held up a small wooden object, and Aragorn advanced. Why do you never come now by? Aragorn saw it was a small wooden boat, obviously carved by a child, though with great care, complete with a little white sail and flower attached to the mast. Aragorn gently took it from the child, who only continued to stare up at him. My two old friends, come say goodbye. Aragorn nodded and turned away, careful not to damage the little boat. ………… "Elladan, Elrohir." The twins looked up at the Man. He held something carefully in his hands, though they could not tell what. "He is waiting for you." They did not have to ask who "he" was. Elrohir had told his twin what he had said to Aragorn. The Man now held the little boat forward, and the twins gasped, starting up. Elladan smiled faintly as he gently took it. "This was our favorite plaything in the water. We three carved it the first summer he visited. I had forgotten about it." "So had I," Elrohir replied, eyes alight. "I thought it had been lost. Where did you…?" "You must return to the falls," Aragorn answered only. Elladan carefully wrapped the little boat in his cloak. "We know. Are you coming?" "No." Elladan nodded in understanding. They had to do this themselves, alone. ………… Come again to this old place And lay the past to rest Wipe the tears from this pale face And lay me on your breast. Elladan and Elrohir soon found themselves standing in the little green hollow, overcome with the many memories the three had shared there. Hesitantly they walked to the stream's edge, sitting beside it and feeling the coolness of the water. Slowly Elladan unwrapped the boat and drew it out from his cloak. The white flower and sail shone in the sun. Together, he and Elrohir gently set it in the water, watching as it floated there for a moment. Before their eyes, the white sail faded and turned a dull grey, hanging limply on its little mast. The flower wilted and turned brown, then crumbled into dust. "Farewell, Legolas, closer than brother." "We shall never again forget you, we swear." They raised their eyes to the opposite shore, where stood a fair, golden-haired child. There was peace in his eyes and a smile on his lips as he gazed back at them. He closed his eyes and slowly faded from their sight. The twins watched as the little boat floated downstream until it was lost from sight. Then they turned and slowly walked back to the House, an arm around the other in comfort. The two halted, however, as a young voice came to them, as if borne on the shoulders of the water—the last that voice was heard or its owner seen in Middle-earth. These red tears shine on my face Grant me only this one grace— Love me always and stay true To this child you once knew. ………… The End. Good? Bad? Just tacky? Let me know!