making sure you are out of earshot when he comes to and realizes what I have done to his hair." I gave him a smile that I hoped looked experienced and calm. Thranduil took a packet from the pouch and unfolded the waxed cloth protecting it. He shook what was undoubtedly dried goldenseal into the palm of his hand, then held it out to me. "Give me a little water." I grabbed my water skin and dribbled a few drops onto the herb. He used his finger to make a paste, then spread it along Beliond's cut. "That should slow the bleeding." He squinted up at me. "Turn around and let me see your back." The pain in my back had evidently been waiting its turn because it flared again now. I craned my neck to look over my shoulder as I faced the other way. He laughed softly. "Your skin is mostly intact but you will have an impressive bruise to show your friends. Turn around again and hold out your arms." I obeyed, and he rose to spread the remaining goldenseal along the scratches on my shoulder and arm. "You acted quickly." His smile warmed his gray eyes. I tried not to glow like an elfling, but I could not help myself. "Thank you." He squatted next to Beliond again. "See if we have anything clean enough to press against that wound." I ran back to the maple, rummaged in my pack, and returned with one of my stockings. Thranduil raised an eyebrow. "It is clean," I said. "I have been wearing the same ones." He grinned, folded it, and pressed it against the gash on Beliond's head. Beliond groaned, rolled away from his touch, and vomited. Thranduil shot me another look. "Head wounds make people do that too." He kept his fingers on the wadded up sock. "Can you can find us a camp site not too far away?" He glanced back at the road, where the water was gradually draining away. "Tomorrow we will need to finish removing the debris and then dig out those stepping stones. The dwarves will have to ford the stream like everyone else does." While Thranduil tended Beliond, I found a good site and set up camp. By the time darkness fell, Beliond had stopped being sick. Thranduil sat next to him, and the two talked quietly while I ferreted out our waybread and went to refill our water skins at a point farther up the stream. When I returned, Thranduil said, "You can go to bed. I will keep watch." I was tired, but fair was fair. "Wake me to take my turn." "If I grow sleepy, I will wake you, but I think Beliond and I will enjoy the chance to talk of old times when we were as young and daring as you." Beliond snorted. "Young fools." "I am glad you are feeling better," I said. Thranduil laughed. In truth, I was grateful for the chance to spread my blanket on one of the beds I had made from piled up pine boughs. Trying to spare my bruised back, I lay on my stomach, my nostrils filled with the sharp scene of the evergreen. Somewhere nearby, an owl hooted, and I heard a small animal scurrying away in the underbrush. Yes, I thought. Hide before danger swoops down on you. If you stay in its path, you have only yourself to blame. I had to laugh when I realized how much I sounded like my adar. Ah well. It had not been I who staying in the path of the breaking dam. I must have slept then because the next thing I knew, my eyes focused on a shaft of moonlight filtering through the trees, and I had the feeling someone had just said my name. Thranduil and Beliond were talking in low voices on the other side of the campsite. "So you think Numenor's fate will affect us? Surely it makes no difference. Men have always been fickle and faithless and the wave swallowed Sauron too." "Sauron has eluded us before. I hope you are right, else your son is likely to need all his bravery." They fell silent. I turned onto one side, then slipped my knife sheath off my belt so it would not dig into my side. I had forgotten to take it off before we began clearing the stream. I hoped my plunge into the water had not damaged it. My adar had given it to me at the same time he gave me the quiver, and it was every bit as beautiful. In the moonlight, I admired its leaf design and the L and set it carefully aside. "Ah, well you have seen it. You know what a pretty thing is it." "I have." My listener turned to look at the bay spread out beneath us, glittering in the noonday sun. The ship had edged into the harbor now, and my heart quickened. "Your adar treasured that sheath," my listener said. "I do not believe he ever got over your death." We both rose. The wind coming off the water caught a loose strand of his hair and sent it waving with the sun reflecting off it, gold on gold. We started down the hill toward the quay toward where my naneth waited. "He always took things hard, my adar. Once I came to myself again, I worried that his grief might be too much for him. I am glad he had you, Legolas. Thank you for looking after him." Legolas laughed. "I doubt if he thought of me as tending to his needs. You are not the only one Beliond ever called a young fool, Lalorn." "I expect not." I smiled and began to run. The last time I saw my adar, he was filthy, and frightened, and frantic. Today would be different. Today we would begin again. He would need time in the woods. Perhaps I would take him camping.