His legs hit the edge of the bed and he stumbled, sitting heavily, only to lean backwards as Elladan loomed over him. How the petite elf managed to look so menacing was a mystery. A mystery that was doing terrible things to Orophin's long-denied libido. Oh, Valar, please don't let him notice! Orophin pleaded silently. Elladan cocked his head, regarding him with much the same interest as a magpie upon spying the struggles of an ensnared rabbit. "You had better have a good explanation for yourself," he murmured softly. Orophin shivered, thoroughly terrified and hopelessly aroused. "For… for what?" "For what you are doing with my little brother! I have given you plenty of time, warden. Yet now I find that you are intending to travel to Imladris together? Did you honestly think I would allow this?" "I… I don't understand. Why shouldn't I go?" Elladan took a sudden step forward and Orophin flinched. There was anger and contempt in his expression! Why? Valar knew, he would never purposely do anything to upset Elladan, so what had brought on this wrath? "You have shown me an unforgivable lack of respect, warden, and by extension I can only conclude that you do not value Elrohir as highly as you should." Orophin blinked. What? "You have two choices. You can either match blades with me so that I may take your measure," and here Orophin's eyes widened, for Elladan was a devastating swordsman who would likely hack him into a thousand tiny, little pieces, "or you can cease your courtship of him immediately and nothing more will be sai…" "WHAT?" Orophin sat bolt upright in shock, nearly butting Elladan's chin in the process. "Ah, so you do have a backbone after all. I was beginning to wonder." "You… he… courtship?" Orophin spluttered. "I'm not courting Elrohir! What on Arda gave you that idea?" "Beside the fact that he returned to our talan one morning wearing one of your shirts, and has since spent almost every moment in your presence? I can't imagine," Elladan mocked. "But… but only because his shirt got torn. And we didn't want to… you know… get in the way of you and Rumil…" "Me and Rumil," Elladan blankly repeated. "Oh! Oh no… didn't Rumil explain?" "Explain what?" Orophin was starting to become frustrated. "No, of course he didn't." And then, inexplicably, Elladan began to laugh. It was the loveliest sight, in Orophin's opinion, but he would have preferred being in on the joke. "Valar, what fools we've been!" Elladan snickered, "There is no 'me and Rumil,' Orophin! That night Rumil kissed me, he thought I was Elrohir! It's almost a shame because he whispered the most romantic, drunken proposal I've ever heard in my entire life. He was mortified when he realised he'd gotten the wrong twin! And, well, I couldn't reject him in front of all those wardens - he'd never have lived it down – so I took him home to sober up." Orophin was completely flabbergasted by this point. "So… you're not in love with Rumil?" Elladan nodded. "He was distraught when he saw you together that morning. He thought you and Elrohir had spent the night together and has been spending all his time with me to leave the two of you in peace." "Yes, well, Rumil always did have a dirty mind. Of course he jumped to conclusions," Orophin replied faintly. "Elrohir will be so relieved. He felt betrayed, you realise?" "I know exactly how he felt, Orophin. He should have known better than to believe I would do something like that to him, but… perhaps it was my fault for not confiding in him as he did me." Orophin flushed as Elladan's quicksilver eyes raked him head to toe before coming to settle on his face. "I was not sure, you see. Usually it's fairly straightforward to tell who are the dominant types and who have more, shall we say, pathic tendencies, but you… you could be either. You switch, depending on who you're with. It's fascinating, really." "I'm always in the middle…" Orophin whispered uncertainly. "Unremarkable…" Elladan promptly cut him off by pushing him flat and kissing him soundly. Oh Valar, there was no way he could fail to notice his raging erection now! The little elf was practically straddling it! "I had better be remarking on something tomorrow," Elladan told him, grinding his hips forward in a rolling motion that left Orophin utterly breathless. "Now then, I mentioned something about matching blades earlier, I believe?" Orophin snorted. And blushed. . . It was mid-afternoon when Rumil returned to his talan to collect a fresh change of clothes. He hoped to catch Orophin and warn him about Elladan's plans while he was there. As much as he resented his brother for stealing Elrohir's affections, he was still family. Family looked after each other; that's just the way it was. Unfortunately, Orophin did seem to be at home. Rumil frowned. Well, this was important. He wouldn't mind if he entered his room just this onc… Rumil squeaked. And that was pretty much all he was capable of doing after opening Orophin's bedroom door to see… that… that… whatever it was… What on Arda were they doing? Rumil stared in unabashed curiosity… Goodness! Orophin was kneeling on the bed, his face crushed up against the headboard and his wrists bound behind his back with his own hair! Rumil hadn't even known that was possible! It didn't look very comfortable for Orophin, though, as it pulled back his head to expose his throat… but Orophin really didn't seem to mind. Of course, that could have something to do with what Elladan was doing... Rumil blinked. Wait… if that was Elladan… The petite peredhel's irritated glare bored into him. "Go find Elrohir!" he snapped. Rumil didn't need telling twice. As he sped his way towards Elrohir's last known location, he absently wondered how long it would take the little lord to grow his hair… .