a warning and awakened with the strangled sound of it in his throat. For a second, he lay gasping, so relieved to find he had been dreaming that he could not move. Then he drew a shaky breath and turned he head to look at the pale square of the window. He could hear the first birds and knew he would have to get up soon and get the fire going so that Celuwen could cook the morning meal. He tried to relax so he could seize his usual few more moments of rest, but his dream had left him too tense. Careful not to disturb Celuwen, he rose, drew on leggings and a tunic, and went out into the main room, closing their door silently behind him. The room was unexpectedly cool, and abruptly he saw why: The front door of the cottage was ajar. The remaining wisps of his dream terror suddenly solidified again, and he lunged across the main room to the open door of Loriel's sleeping chamber. To his horror, the only things in her bed were the rumpled blankets. With his heart racing, he whirled, grabbed his sword from where it hung on the wall near the cottage door, and tore out into the grey dawn. There, he forced himself to stop and look for signs of who had entered and left the cottage. He frowned. The only marks he could see had been left by small, bare feet. Could Loriel have come out here alone? he wondered incredulously. Even as he asked himself the question, he rounded the corner of the cottage and saw a small, white-clad figure standing at the edge of the clearing, looking into the trees. Relief weakened his knees and nearly made him collapse where he was. Then anger stiffened his legs again. "Loriel!" He heard the sharpness in his voice, and she must have heard it too, because she turned to look at him with her eyes wide and her mouth open in a small circle of surprise. "What are you doing out here by yourself?" She blinked and looked back over her shoulder at the trees. "The trees are different, Ada. I wanted to see why." He had been striding toward her, but now he stopped and listened to the rustle of the forest. She was right, he realized, with a shock. The trees were different: They were afraid. Hastily, he crossed the remaining distance between them and caught her in his arms, awkwardly angling his sword away from her. The hem of her night dress was wet with dew, and her bare feet were cold. "You must never leave the cottage without telling me or Nana," he said as firmly as he could. "You know that animals hunt near here sometime. Something could mistake you for its next meal." He wondered if the troubled note of the trees' song had been what disturbed his dream. She looked at him with serious eyes. "I am sorry, Ada." He knew she did not understand. How could she? She had been born in a time of peace and had no idea of the kind of peril that had once prowled these woods. He turned to carry her back into the cottage, where he found an alarmed looking Celuwen just starting out the door. He set Loriel on her feet just inside the doorway. "She went out by herself," he told Celuwen, whose mouth dropped open and then closed in a thin line as she turned to glare at their daughter. Loriel's eyes widened, and she backed up a step. Eilian did not blame her. He backed away when Celuwen looked at him that way too. "I am just going to take a quick look around outside," he said and ducked back out the door, closing the door to shut out the sound of Celuwen scolding Loriel behind him. He had not had the heart to scold her very hard himself, but he had no objection to Celuwen doing it. What Loriel had done was dangerous. Fewer Orcs were in the woods since the Battle of Five Armies, but some still lingered, and the spiders still scuttled there. He looked thoughtfully at the trees. Something about their disturbed song seemed familiar. He began circling the cottage, studying the ground for signs that a predator had approached during the night. Suddenly he halted, feeling his stomach tighten so that for a moment he could not breathe. The grass beneath the shuttered window of Loriel's sleeping chamber was trampled. He crouched to examine the ground, trying to determine what might have been there. Perhaps it was only a deer come to feast on Celuwen's garden, he told himself. And then he saw it – the print of a slightly webbed foot. And he knew immediately why the trees sounded familiar. They were singing the same disturbed song he had heard near where the jay's nest had been torn to bits. He stared at the print. He still had no idea what kind of creature had made it. He saw that the hand he was using to push the grass aside was trembling slightly and clenched it into a fist. Then he rose and scanned the area around him. He would make sure that whatever it was was not lurking nearby, he thought determinedly and started back inside to get his bow and quiver. AN: site has asked authors not to respond to reviews at the end of chapters. This story, like all my stories, is posted at Stories of Arda. You are welcome to review there, and I can easily respond. If you leave me your email address in a review here, I can respond that way too. I confess I sometimes have trouble reading the email addresses that posts on user profile pages. I am so sorry about this. I love getting reviews and it feels rude not to respond, but is removing the stories of authors who don't follow this rule.