head trying to figure out what he might have said. I knew very little elvish, but from his posture and the way he moved very slowly around the fire towards me, he seemed to be trying to reassure me. Still I moved my hand back to my waist to grab my knife, only to find nothing, and panic. The elf frowned and stopped a few feet from me, his hands still up; he must have seen the fear in my eyes. " Av-'osto. Im Legolas. " He paused as if waiting for me to say something before continuing. " Man i enetheg? " He finished and I just stared at him. I knew he was asking me something; the inflection made when a person asked a question came up in every language. Swallowing I took a deep breath and answered him the only way I could. "I'm sorry… I don't know what you're saying." The shock on his face didn't surprise me and he raised an eyebrow. "You don't speak elvish? Or maybe just not Sindarin?" I let out a long withheld breath, thanking whatever gods there were that he spoke common. Shaking my head slightly still stiff and unsure I answered him. "No… I don't speak any of the elven languages…" I felt my cheeks sting as they flushed, embarrassed. I watched him silently as he processed that and then made the mistake of shivering against a cold wind. Pain lanced through my left shoulder and I grimaced my hand moving to clutch at it. From the corner of my eye I realized my armor had been removed and my shoulder was bandaged, leaving me in a loose under tunic. "Are you alright, my lady?" I let out a small startled squeak when I saw the elf's face close to mine. He was crouching in front of me now and looking at my shoulder. He caught my eyes with his for a moment and smiled slightly. "It is alright." He leaned back slightly, giving me space as his eyes went back to my shoulder. "The wound was deep but I treated it as best I could. Try not to move it if you can." His smile was gentle, but I still felt a bit unnerved. I wasn't use to being around elves, and while I should have been able to hear him move I hadn't. I bit my lip my eyes flickering from my bent knee to the elf's face. "I… thank you." He smiled even more and moved to offer me a hand up before we both heard the sound of heavy footfalls, followed by grunts. Confused, I pressed my back to the tree harder biting down on my lip again. The elf didn't seem worried as he turned and waited, his eyes on a small path that led away from the haven. My eyebrows rose when I saw a dwarf step in moments later, arms full of wood, his reddish beard tangling around some of it. "Damn these woods, every tree looks the same, a lesser dwarf would have been lost forever." He grumbled and strutted towards the fire before letting the wood fall from his hands and on to the ground. I heard the elf chuckle. "You only got a little lost then, Master dwarf?" "Humph. Watch your words you pointy eared bastard, we dwarfs have an excellent sense of direction!" "Very well, you shall lead us tomorrow." As I watched the two go back and forth, teasing each other, I suddenly got the feeling that I might be alright here. I hadn't even realized how funny the scene was until a giggle escaped before I could stop it. The two men stopped instantly at the sound and I put a hand over my mouth to stifle it. The elf smiled at me, pleased, while the dwarf appeared to have just seen me there. "Ah, the lass is up, is she?" His armor rubbed together as he took the few steps to stand next to his companion. "We were rather worried, feared you might never wake up." I blinked tilting me head a bit and smiled at him. He was rather full of energy. The dwarf huffed and looked at the elf. "Does she only speak elvish then?" I beat the elf to his answer. "No, I can understand you just fine, sir dwarf. I can't speak any elvish." I looked down again both saddened and embarrassed, as I had to repeat it again. The short man huffed looking to his friend and then back to me. "Isn't that interesting. A pointy eared that doesn't know it's own gibberish." I flushed again, more in annoyance this time. "I'm only half-elf. Surely it is not that strange." The elf nodded his head seeming unaffected by my outburst, while the dwarf sputtered next to him. There was a long moment of silence after my words, and as it went on for what seemed like an eternity I began to regret speaking. How could I be so rude to the people that had helped me? Even if one of them was an elf… My thoughts were thrown away when a loud burst of laughter filled the air. Looking up I saw the dwarf with his head back laughing, and after a slight hesitation I looked to the elf and saw him with a bemused look on his face as he looked at his companion. "I think I could like ye lassie!" The elf shook his head and looked back to me. "As I was going to say before, my name is Legolas of the Woodland realm." The Dwarf puffed his chest and slammed his fist to it. "And I am Gimli, son of Gloin!" I smiled again, not able to help how funny they were, completely different in mannerisms, as different as their races. I nodded my head at them both and after a moment of fiddling with my undershirt I returned the favor. "My name is Áriel Lightfoot."