someone mischievously as two identical, dark-haired elves peered into the doorway. "Estel being spanked by Gilraen!" "I would not mind for such a sight as well," laughed another lightly, and Aragorn soon realized that Legolas was with Elladan and Elrohir, gracing Aragorn with a wide grin on his fair features. Aragorn could feel his face turn beet red as he whipped a pillow in the direction of his twin brothers. But before it could reach its intended target, Gilraen snatched the pillow skilfully from the air. "What have I told you about pillow fights Estel?" she scolded. "Do not abuse Lord Elrond's furniture!" "It's not furniture it's bedding," grumbled Aragorn huffily, looking away from the three elves as they laughed softly behind their hands. "And Ada said that this was my room…" "Do not try to correct me, Aragorn!" she snapped. "You will respect what furnishing that is given to you do you understand?" "Yes mother," he breathed as he gave Legolas a wearied grin, who returned it with one of his own. A soft smile formed on Gilraen's face as she bent down and kissed her son on the forehead. " Onen i-Estel Edain ," she whispered to him lovingly, watching a lopsided smile creep up onto his face as he recognized the familiar quote of hers. "But it is now his responsibility to see to it that my Estel remains their hope, and their salvation." She straightened as she placed a gentle hand on Aragorn's shoulder. "Just promise me that you will be more careful from now on ion-nin , so I would not have to lecture you again." "I will try mother, but with Elladan, Elrohir and Legolas to constantly draw me into unwanted grief, I can give you no promises," he said seriously. Elladan sputtered abashedly. "What?" he cried. "How is it that we are the reason why you are almost killed every time you step beyond the boundaries of Imladris?" "Shall I give you the short list or the long, Elladan?" teased Aragorn lightly. "Why you…" started Elladan as he marched into the room, ready to grab Aragorn when Gilraen took hold of Elladan's wrist and swung him around and away from her son. "He is still recovering from his last adventure," she hissed. "So no horseplay understand, son of Elrond? I do not think I need to remind you of the last time you nearly killed my son because you decided to play games with him when he was still healing from his last bit of foolishness!" Elladan tried to find an appropriate retort to the statement, but by looking Gilraen in the eyes, her ice blue gaze penetrating sharply into his own grey ones, he thought better of it. She released the elf's wrist, giving her son a small wink. "I will bring you dinner, son. You must eat so to more swiftly regain your strength." And with that she strode out of the room, humming softly. Legolas stared mildly at Gilraen's retreating form. "I think I understand your meaning by your mother having a rough tongue," he muttered lightly at his human friend, amusement shining through his grey eyes. "I actually felt pity for you having heard most of it from next door." "That is my Nana for you," said Aragorn sullenly as he closed his eyes, letting some sense of calm cascade over him now that his mother had left. "I will not tell you the number of times I had had to listen to that same speech." "Gilraen means well when she lectures you, Estel," said Elladan softly, a small sad smile on his lips. "You know she loves you more than anything in this world, and so is angry at how often she had come close to losing you." He blinked as he peered out the window into the ravine beyond the Last Homely House. Aragorn smiled up at Elladan slightly. "I know," he replied quietly, "which is why I do not grudge her the tiresome tirades. I love her dearly as well, and would trade her with no other, though I do wish she found a less headache-inducing method to get her point across," he added wryly. Aragorn may not much love his mother's scolding ways, but as he looked up at Legolas leaning against his door, seemingly lost in his own private thoughts, a slight yet cheerless smile on his face, and Elladan and Elrohir, having moved onto the edge of his bed and were now staring sadly up at the Misty Mountains to the south, he realized that he should be glad he even had a mother here to comfort him. He knew by the looks on their faces that the three elves dwelt in a time long past, when their mothers were still with them, before they crossed the Sundering Seas to Eressea. Elladan was suddenly drawn from his thoughts as a small side pillow collided with his head, the object bouncing softly on the linen surface as Elladan threw the young ranger a glare, to which the Man returned with a rather dignified scowl. "That was for that comment about me being spanked by my mother!" he growled. A dangerous glint formed in Elladan's expression as he took hold of the small piece of bedding that Aragorn had used to catch his attention. "What did your mother say about respecting the furniture?" he retorted in a low voice. Aragorn grinned widely. "I told her this is bedding not furniture, so it doesn't count, Elladan," yelped Aragorn as he ducked his head to the side so to avoid the pillow that was thrown back at him. Gilraen paused slightly, her hands full with a tray of food for Aragorn plus some more for his elven brothers and friend, listening at the laughter that came from her son's room. She also noted wryly at the way several feathers floated out from beyond the doorway to rest in the hallway beyond it. "Oh ion-nin !" The End