Turgon started up the oak, and Legolas swung himself into the maple. Both of them moved quickly then, scaling the trees until they were a good ten yards above the clearing. Legolas looked down to find the mother nudging the cubs away. One of them lingered for a last fistful of berries, then heeded her growl and loped off at her side. The three of them disappeared into the shadows. Turgon moved, but Legolas called, "Wait." They lingered in the trees until he was sure the bears were gone. "All right," he called and climbed down. Turgon leapt the last few feet to the ground. Legolas grabbed his arm and spun him around. "What did you think you were doing there? You know you have to watch for bears around blueberry patches." "I know. I just did not think. Blueberries, Legolas!" Turgon lifted a blue-stained hand. He evidently could not believe that Legolas would fail to see the reasonableness of his behavior. Legolas clamped his mouth shut and let go of Turgon's arm. "We will go home," he said stiffly. He led them through the trees until he found the path that would take them back toward the cottage where Turgon's family now lived. Turgon followed him in silence. The place between Legolas's shoulder blades twitched, and he glanced back to see Turgon regarding him reproachfully. "Sorry," Turgon said. Legolas ran his hand over his face. "I am sorry I shouted at you. You frightened me." "I will try to be more careful next time," Turgon said, "but sometimes I turn a corner in these woods and I see something so wonderful, I just forget." Legolas felt his mouth twitching. "I understand. This is not the Woodland Realm, but then that realm is not what it was either, and a Wood-elf could learn to love this forest, I think." Turgon raised his eyebrows. "Of course." "Perhaps the rest of us will have to keep an eye on you for a while." Turgon smiled his crooked smile. "That would be all right." Legolas laughed and waited for Turgon to come abreast before he started off again. They walked in companionable silence. Turgon appeared to be watching for birds, and Legolas was lost in thought. They approached Turgon's cottage from the front to see the thatching and rope still lying next to the bench. The music of Vandalan's harp flowed out the open door. Legolas eyed the thatching and reached a decision. "Wait here." He ignored Turgon's startled look and entered the cottage, calling to let Vandalan and Mírdaniel know he was there. They sat at the kitchen table, Mírdaniel drinking a cup of what smelled like chamomile tea and Vandalan resting his harp on his knee. "Mae govannen," Vandalan said. "How was your morning?" He craned his neck to peer around Legolas. "Where is Turgon?" "I left him out front. I have something I want to say without him present." Legolas drew a deep breath. He was about to do something his father might have done, although Thranduil would be horrified if he ever heard of Legolas doing it. "The Valar have blessed you with an affectionate, imaginative, daring Wood-elf child. I know you are weary. Believe me, I know. But you have to pay attention to him!" They blinked. "We pay attention." Mírdaniel set her tea down. "Of course we do," Vandalan said, "but we have things to do." Legolas threw up his hands. "I doubt if a leaky roof will bother Turgon, and I will ask Elowen to alter some of my clothes to fit him. But sometimes both of you are lost in your own preoccupations, and if you do not keep watch over him until he gains some sense, he will wind up back in the Halls of Waiting. And if that happens, Namo is unlikely to be pleased with any of us." Mírdaniel's face crumpled. "I could not bear it if something happened to Turgon again." Vandalan patted her hand. His brow too was furrowed. "Is he likely to do something dangerous, Legolas?" "Yes." Legolas saw no need to elaborate. Vandalan chewed a corner of his lower lip. "I suppose we will have to keep an eye on him for a while." "That would be wise." Legolas allowed his shoulders to relax a little, but not all the way. He was sure Mírdaniel and Vandalan loved their son; he was less certain of their ability to carry out their good intentions. "I will take my leave. I apologize if I have been rude." "Not at all." Vandalan snapped his fingers. "I plan to go to Tirion to see if anyone needs a minstrel for a feast. Perhaps Turgon would like to go with me." Legolas pictured it. "Let me know when you go," he said quickly, "and I will accompany you." "That would be lovely." Vandalan beamed at him. Legolas nodded to Mírdaniel and went back to the front yard, where he found Turgon sitting on the bench with his legs stretched out in front of him. "You can go in now," Legolas said. "I will come tomorrow morning. We will mend the roof and then look for wood to make you a bow." "Good! Will you show me places to hunt?" "Yes." Legolas smiled. "I will enjoy having a friend along again." Mírdaniel appeared in the cottage doorway. "Come in and have something to eat, Turgon. Will you stay, Legolas?" He thought about the bare kitchen shelves. "No, thank you. I must be on my way." Turgon flashed him a grin and ran into the cottage. Legolas started home, whistling the song Elowen had sung the day before, the one he had hummed on the riverbank. He smiled to himself. He looked forward to the next day as he had not looked forward to anything for some time. Turgon needed a friend, that was true. But without even knowing it, Legolas too had been waiting for a friend's help, and today he had received it.