decided to take another moment of joy and look at it. He took the small path that led past a bench and around a thick clump of lilac bushes to where water now trickled merrily down over mossy rocks and water plants to run in a small stream back toward the pond. A wooden bench had been placed next to the little waterfall, and a climbing rose grew on a trellis set just behind the bench. Pleased by the spot, he settled onto the bench and thought for a moment about Elithraniel. She had been pleasant enough, he thought, but then all of the maidens that Elowen and Beliniel introduced him to were pleasant. The problem was that none of them seemed to have the magic for him that Beliniel so obviously had for Annael and that Ithilden's and Eilian's wives had for them. Perhaps it was for the best, he thought a little wistfully. He was away much of the time and in danger. He would be asking a great of any maiden if he expected her to bond with him. As if conjured by Legolas's thought of him, the sudden sound of Eilian's raised voice reached him. "No!" "I do not understand why you will not even consider this, Eilian," Celuwen's strained voice answered. "You have this leave. You are obviously restless. Why should we not go and live in the settlement for a few months?" Legolas sat still, not wanting to let them know he was listening to this quarrel and assuming they would soon walk on. But their voices did not move away, and he realized that they must have stopped at the bench by the fish pond. That bench was really quite close to this spot even though he could not see it because of the lilac bushes that screened him from their view and it screened them from his. "You know that your adar and I cannot possibly live in the same place for more than a day or two," Eilian declared heatedly. There was a second of silence. "True," Celuwen admitted, sounding regretful. "But we could live in a different settlement. Why should we not do that?" "I cannot leave the stronghold." "Why not?" And again, for a second or two, there was silence. "I would feel irresponsible." Suddenly, Eilian gave a short laugh. "I cannot believe those words just came out of my mouth." Legolas found the words odd too. Thranduil had often enough accused Eilian of being irresponsible, but Legolas had never before heard Eilian accuse himself of it. "How would spending a few months in the woods be irresponsible?" Celuwen sounded exasperated now. "You are on leave!" "I," Eilian seemed to hesitate in his explanation. "I am the king's son. I cannot just go off and enjoy myself. And what about your service as the king's councilor? How can you just walk away from that?" "Are you suggesting that I am the irresponsible one?" Celuwen's voice was sharp. "I am supposed to advise your adar about matters to do with the settlements, and a few months in one might help me do that. If I have to, I can return to the palace periodically for council meetings. As for you, of course you can go off and enjoy yourself! That is what you are supposed to do. Eilian, I need to be away from the palace for a while, and I think it would do you good too." "I am sorry," said Eilian contritely. "I know you find life in the palace a trial at times. It is just that," he paused and then forged on determinedly. "I think my adar would see it as irresponsible if I walked away from the palace and the family entirely." "Eilian," and this time it was Celuwen who hesitated. "You know as well as I do that Ithilden could not possibly have made you take this leave without your adar's agreement, and the king has not asked you to do anything else in court." Even from where Legolas sat, he could hear Eilian snort. "He is wiser than that. He has seen me struggling to stay awake while he deals with courtiers." "But he would still require you to attend court if he thought it fitting. You know he would. So it seems to me that he must approve of your having time away from all responsibilities. And anyway, surely it is time you began doing what you think is right rather than worrying about gaining your adar's approval." This time the moment of silence was longer. Then suddenly Eilian laughed outright. "Celuwen, you are amazing. So you think I should just go off with you to a settlement, even if Adar objects?" To Legolas's relief, Eilian's anger seemed to have ebbed and he sounded amused. "He will not object, but yes, I think you should go even if he does. I think we should go." When Eilian's voice came again, it was husky. "How would you feel about making love in a garden?" Celuwen laughed, and then, to Legolas's relief, she said, "Too many people come through here, my love. If you want to provoke your adar, making love here would be the way to do it." "Do you know, I believe that would add to the excitement," Eilian wheedled. "No. Come now. I will let you help me bathe before the evening meal." Legolas heard the rustle of their clothes as they rose and began to walk away. He sat waiting for all sound of them to fade before he too rose and made his way back to the palace to bathe and dress for the evening meal. He had a new horse and a new posting in the northern woods. He had family and friends. He would take any chance for joy that presented itself. And he would not be jealous of Eilian, or Annael, or Ithilden. The Valar had blessed him. What did he have to be jealous about?