existence of some unpleasant reality, the beets on his plate or the broken vase that had tumbled off a table. Thranduil laid his hands on her shoulders. "I know this is hard for you. I was at Dagorlad, and it is still hard for me." He kissed her forehead. "I will talk to Eilian. A warrior has to channel his grief and anger into action against the enemy, rather than let it eat his heart." "You sound as if you are blaming him, but Eilian has never had trouble taking action." Even as she argued, Lorellin wondered if Thranduil might be right. Did Eilian's trouble lie in his affectionate, restless heart? "If you want to help Eilian, you will listen to him, not talk to him." "Very well." Thranduil lifted his hands. "I will listen, but then I will try to help him do what he must. The Woodland Realm is a dangerous place, and like Legolas, he is the king's son. He cannot allow his emotions to rule him." "He is a Wood-elf. He cannot stamp his feelings out." "Nor would I want him to. I simply want him to exercise a little wisdom in dealing with them." She glared at him, then found herself forced into a rueful smile. "He comes by his temperament honestly, my love. His naneth is sadly given to emotional outbursts." His tense posture eased. "His naneth is the hearth at which I warm myself when the world grows cold. I will not hear a word against her." She laughed. "When I first came to know you, I think it was your capacity for poetic nonsense that surprised me most." He kissed her fingers. "You bring it out in me. And it is not nonsense. It is simple truth." He reached for his office door again. "I will join you in the sitting room as soon as I can." She left him to work and went on to the sitting room, where a fire burned against the lingering chill of spring. She dropped her cloak over the back of a chair and went to brace a hand on the mantel and watch the flames. Thranduil seldom spoke of Dagorlad. She wondered what had made him think of it today. She knew he and Ithilden had called this meeting of their captains hoping to plan an offensive against the northward creep of Shadow, but surely they did not anticipate losses like those at Dagorlad. She would wait until after the evening meal before she told Legolas about Fithral's funeral, she decided. He still had trouble thinking too far ahead anyway. She tightened her hand on the mantel. He was so little! But he was also the king's son, and that meant he was bound to duty from the day of his birth. She knew that. She had seen it with her older sons, after all, even Eilian, who was a child of the Peace. And of course, her own life had changed with her marriage too. How many funerals had she been to as queen? Sometimes she could not understand how people managed to go on. Her own father had ridden away with Oropher when she was too young to remember him, and her mother had never learned to live happily without him. She had waited only to see Lorellin settled in the Stronghold before she sailed West, hoping to find her love waiting for her. Lorellin prayed it had been so. From a nearby table, she plucked the little chalk drawing of her holding Legolas. It had turned out well, she thought. The artist had captured the wide-eyed curiosity that made Legolas's explorations of the world such a joy to watch. She set the picture next to those of Ithilden and Eilian, drawn when they were the same age, Ithilden holding a ball he had chosen after serious deliberation and Eilian trying to fling himself off her lap. She could not help smiling. They had been themselves from the start, even if they were the king's sons. She paced about the room. She had been unfair to snap at Thranduil. He worried about Ithilden and Eilian both. The thing was that his belief in duty and discipline far outweighed any worry he might feel. She understood duty. She lived it day by day. But that was her own life, not her children's. When you came down to it, the difference was that Thranduil had been raised to send his sons into danger as his father had sent him, while her every instinct was to protect them from any harm that might threaten a hair on one of their heads. Light footsteps scurried down the hall, and she just had time to smile before Legolas burst into the room, his face flushed with his haste. "Nana! Nana! I brushed Rogue and gave him oats, and Eilian says Rogue liked them." "I am sure he did." She stroked his wispy hair off his forehead. A grinning Eilian leaned against the doorframe, a pack flung over his shoulder. "Have you considered getting him a pony, Naneth?" "Yes!" Legolas bounced on his toes. "A pony for me." Lorellin laughed. "Soon, sweetling." She narrowed her eyes at Eilian. "You are a troublemaker." He swept his arm forward in an elaborate bow. "At your service." He shifted the pack. "I had better go and get cleaned up before evening meal. I cannot tell you how much I look forward to it." "Hurry back." She smiled at him. "I missed you." "Me too," Legolas cried. "I missed you, Eilian." "Come with me then," Eilian said. "You can help me take the things out of my pack." Legolas was out in the hall before Eilian finished speaking, and then the two of them were gone. Lorellin listened to their footsteps and voices as long as she could hear them. Sad as she was for Fithral and his family, she could not help rejoicing that all her own sons were safely home. TBC