into the sleeping chamber to find clothes that he thought were formal enough to wear to evening meal in Elrond's Hall. He pulled on loose dark trousers and a long, high-collared silk shirt. Over these he donned a sleeveless, dark green surcoat that buttoned up the front with ornate silver buttons and was slit up both sides. He tucked his pants into his boots, belted the surcoat, and attached his long knife in its elegantly tooled scabbard. Dressed as he was now, he could have gone to a high feast in Thranduil's Hall, he thought wryly. He trusted his appearance would meet the standards of an evening meal at the house of Elrond. Worried about finding his way back to the Hall when the bell rang, he set off early, a decision that proved wise because he did, indeed, get turned around and wound up at an exit leading to a porch on what he thought was the opposite side of the house from the one he was seeking. He was turning to reenter the hallway and try again when a voice from the porch called to him: "Ah, young Thranduilion. I heard you had arrived. Well-met." He stepped out onto the porch and looked in the direction from which the voice had come. There resting on a bench was the first welcome face that Legolas had seen in Imladris. "Well-met, indeed, Mithrandir," he cried, first bowing with his hand over his heart and then advancing to embrace the wizard. Good, he thought. He could tell Mithrandir directly of Gollum's escape, and he and his party could be on their way as early as tomorrow. Mithrandir returned the embrace and smiled benignly at this youngest son of Thranduil. He had known Legolas since birth and had seen him develop from a charming, if noisy, child, to a rebellious youth, to an unusually capable warrior whose loyalty to his family and his people was absolute. You could say what you liked about Thranduil, Mithrandir thought, and he himself had occasionally said much - "unapproachable" being the mildest term that came to mind immediately. But he appeared to have a gift for raising sons. In the harsh world of Mirkwood, all three had all proven to be reasons for hope. Mithrandir was delighted to find one of them in Imladris now, when crucial events were beginning to unfold. "Come walk with an old man," he invited, "and tell me how you like Imladris." Legolas offered Mithrandir his arm to lean on and hesitated before answering. "It is very beautiful," he finally temporized. Mithrandir chuckled. "Seems a bit decadent, you mean to say?" he asked. "No," Legolas protested. "It is just different from what I am used to. I had thought that Elven realms would be more alike, but this is as different from Mirkwood as the towns of the Lakemen are. Although in a more elegant way, of course," he added. "You will find it more alike than different in the ways that matter, I think," said Mithrandir. "I am sure that you are right," Legolas hastened to agree. Then he brought up a subject that he had been wondering about since their meeting with the guards at the end of the cutting. "The guards who met us today said that the Nazgûl had attempted to cross the Ford of Bruinen the night before last. Do you know anything about that?" "The Nazgûl and what they are looking for is a long story about which you will undoubtedly hear more," responded Mithrandir. "Indeed, your arrival is fortuitous. Elrond is hoping to hold a council and your contribution to it will undoubtedly help us to better understand the situation we are facing." Legolas blinked. He could not imagine what Mithrandir assumed his "contribution" would be to a council held by Lord Elrond. "Perhaps," he said, "but the council would need to be soon. I have a message to deliver to you, Mithrandir, and then my companions and I must be away home again. We are needed there." "Ah, well," said Mithrandir vaguely. "Perhaps your message can be delivered at the council." Legolas frowned, trying to work out what Mithrandir was hinting at and then decided that directness on his own part was the most useful course. He drew a deep breath. "The creature you left us to guard has escaped," he said bluntly. Mithrandir patted his arm comfortingly. "I know," he said peaceably. Legolas stared at him. "What do you mean? How could you know?" He checked himself. Of course Mithrandir knew. He was Mithrandir. Mithrandir sighed. "How I know is a long story that will be told at the council," he said. "And your story must be told there as well." Legolas was suddenly annoyed. Why was Mithrandir insisting that he tell of Mirkwood's failure to hold Gollum at a public gathering? Did he intend it as some sort of punishment? "I am charged to return home as soon as possible," he said stiffly. "I cannot linger for some council that Lord Elrond 'hopes' to hold." "'As soon as possible' can mean many things," said Mithrandir serenely. "I am afraid that I do not believe you will have discharged your duty to me until you have spoken of this matter at the council. Until then, you must say nothing of it to anyone, not even Lord Elrond." Legolas opened his mouth to protest this high-handed treatment, but at that moment, a servant approached seeking Mithrandir. "Lord Elrond asks you to come to the hobbit's chamber," he told him. Mithrandir patted Legolas's arm again, bid him good evening, and immediately set off after the servant, leaving Legolas frustrated and puzzled. I forgot to ask about the hobbit, he thought irrelevantly. I wonder if it is the one who was at the Lonely Mountain. He was acquainted with Elrond, as I recall. Then the bell rang calling him to evening meal and all thoughts except finding his way to the Hall were temporarily forgotten.