upwards. "But you, at least, will be able to paint my likeness to tide you over 'til next we meet!" Elrohir did not laugh as Legolas had hoped, and the Prince felt his smile falter. Had he presumed too much? Then Elrohir drew a length of gold into their line of sight and regarded it wistfully. "I could never capture this texture," he said softly, and the wood elf's body hummed with renewed joy. "You do not need to. You need only convey it." "You flatter me." Elrohir laughed. "I am not that great an artist." "I am biased, of course, but I think you're talented beyond that which you yet know. Perhaps it is only practise you lack." Legolas had seen Elrohir's work. It was truly beautiful. "And how can I practise when you will not be here? There is nothing on Arda that feels quite like you." "Keep talking like that, Elrohir-nin, and I shall give you such a memory that you will still be able to feel me this time next year!" Legolas promised with a growl. A faint blush rose on the younger twin's cheeks and Legolas smiled; he adored his lover's constant innocence. And then he made another of his famously indomitable decisions. Elrohir blinked as Legolas suddenly disentangled himself from their embrace and rose from the bed. "Wait there," Legolas commanded. Elrohir frowned but did as he was bid, watching the Prince slip from the room. He returned a moment later, knife in hand. "What…?" Elrohir began, only to be shushed by gentle fingers on his lips. Legolas knelt on the bed. "This will last longer than a year," he said, shearing a not inconsiderable lock from his head. Elrohir's eyes grew wide. "You would give this to me?" Elrohir whispered, running reverent fingers over the proffered treasure. "I would give you so much more, Elrohir-nin, but, knowing you, you would consider this to be the greater gift." His supposition was confirmed an instant later, when Elrohir launched himself at his golden lover with an inarticulate cry. . . Elladan wasn't sure what he thought Elrohir would do after Legolas left. He'd expected Elrohir to be depressed; perhaps need his brother to give him some bolstering comfort. What he had not expected, however, was for Elrohir to go back to his rooms and pick up a paintbrush as if nothing had ever happened. Elladan frowned. Everyone always assumed that he and his brother shared a special bond. It was true they loved each other dearly but, in reality, sometimes Elladan understood his twin no better than anyone else. He shook his head in mystification as he watched Elrohir putter about, mixing a little chalk into his solution of paint. "You're getting better," he offered, breaking the silence. Elrohir paused and gave him a peculiar look. "My painting?" "Yes, your painting. What did you think I meant?" "Well, it's just that you never want to talk about it, unless it's to complain." Elladan shrugged. "I made a promise, didn't I? Besides, you spent considerably longer with Legolas than the one day we bargained." "I did, didn't I?" Elrohir grinned. "You were right, though. Legolas is every hedonist's wet dream. I believe I found that whole new world of sensory delights you were talking about." "We noticed," Elladan returned, wrinkling his nose in mock revulsion. "You could not keep your hands off him! Just what was it about his hair that so engrossed you?" "Ah, his hair… I have never felt any so soft before." "You've felt a lot of hair, have you?" "Actually, yes." Elladan stared. "Sometimes you worry me, 'Roh." Elrohir chuckled. It was not often Elladan tried to reach out to him on this level. Elladan did not talk; he did. Perhaps he ought to take advantage of this rare opportunity. "Here." Elrohir pushed one of his brushes into Elladan's hands, much to the elder twin's bewilderment. "This is a flat brush, made from horse hair. Tell me how it feels." "It is coarse. The bristles are stiff." Elladan frowned as it was whisked away and another put in its place. "Exactly. It's good for covering large areas of the canvas; it does not need to leave a perfect finish. Now try the sable. It's a kind of weasel-hair. Do you feel the difference?" "Aye, it is much softer. What is this one for?" "Sable is excellent for more delicate work. It has a greater flexibility and holds the paint better. For very fine detail, however, I have this." The tapered, round-headed brush was discarded in favour of a long, thin rigger. Elladan had to admit he was impressed. "Extraordinary. It feels like silk. What animal is this?" Elrohir grinned. "Wood-elf." Elladan nearly dropped the brush. "You made it into a paintbrush?" Elrohir nodded. Elladan was aghast. "He severed the very hair from his head for you and you made it into a paintbrush? Do you have any idea how important those braids are to him?" Elrohir gnawed on his lower lip. "You're upset." "Upset? Not as much as Legolas will be if he ever finds out what you've done." "Will you tell him?" Elrohir asked. Elladan flung up his hands in despair. "Don't be daft. I happen to like you with your head still attached to your body. Just… don't tell anyone else. I'm sure we can come up with a believable story if Legolas ever asks about it." Elrohir flashed him an easy grin, visibly relaxing. "I can always count on you, toren." "Aye, I just hope I can count on you, too," Elladan grimaced. "Of course you can. You know that." "Good. You see, I'm meeting Lindir tonight and suddenly I'm a little concerned he might try to skin me to make himself a new drum. Who knew you quiet, artistic types were so scary?" Elrohir flicked paint at him. . . Ada – Dad/Father Nólaquen – wise one Toren – brother Melethron – lover (male) Mellon-nin – my friend