intent to sneak away in the dawn hours?" A gentle male voice from the stairs broke through the morning quiet. Estel, Aragorn foster-son of Elrond stood behind him, a curious look on his face. He was already dressed in his typical weather-stained Ranger clothing, sword scabbard hanging casually from his hand. "Gorlan, wait another day", the heir of Isuildur said. "Leave tomorrow with us. Accompany us south. We are headed in the same direction and could use an extra pair of keen eyes and experienced hands on our journey. You can break off and go your own way later, if you so wish." Gorlan turned from where he was adjusting Voronwer's saddle. Of course, he wished he could go with them, but to intrude would be improper. They were going on a quest he knew little about, a group of nine people, most of them strangers to each other, for the sake of the world. No, he was simply an elf-warrior from Rivendell, not a Wizard, a Prince, an heir to a kingdom-just an Elf. "I was not made a member of the Fellowship; I do not feel it would be appropriate if I joined you. Were I worthy of being a part of the Council or Fellowship, I would have been appointed so. As I am not, I must decline your offer, though I will thank you for proposing it." "Gorlan, I know you and I have never been the closest of friends; that we have been ever at most acquaintances, but I am sincere my offer. Member of the Fellowship or not, I'm sure you can accompany us a little ways. No one will mind…except perhaps Gimli, the Dwarf." Aragorn replied with a small smile. "I am sorry Aragorn Estel, but I have my own matters to attend to. I must go on my own path, as you must do yours." Gorlan stated firmly. Aragorn's smile faded. "If that is what you choose…then I wish you luck. May the Valar watch over you." " And you." Gorlan nodded to the man, then swung up on Voronwer. Aragon returned the gesture and walked away. "Gorlan!" Another voice cried out; it seemed someone else was determined to stop him. He sighed, but quickly dismounted when he saw who it was. It was Anaya. She strode right up to him and looked him in the eye. "I came to tell you goodbye. I will not stop you from going, thought you do not show me the same." "Anaya…" Cutting him off, she held out a piece of folded leather to him. It was a sturdy leather jerkin, finely made, with leaf designs carved into the front. "I made this for you." Anaya said softly. "It is dangerous out in the wild. I know a lot of armor would only slow you down, so I made this as light and flexible as possible." She pushed the jerkin into his hands. The leather felt as soft as velvet, yet was as strong as chain-mail. He put it on over his tunic and was unsurprised to find it fit perfectly. " Hannon le ", he thanked her. "I will treasure this, for it came from the hands of the fairest lady in Middle-Earth." Despite her pale, drawn complexion, Gorlan could have sworn Anaya blushed. "That title belongs to Lady Arwen" she insisted. "If you insist. The second fairest lady in Middle-Earth. Regardless, I thank you for the gift. Surely it will keep me safe from any stray orc arrows." The casual, carefree tone suddenly dropped as the seriousness of the world beyond Rivendell presented itself. He could very well die out there. He could never come back. Unable to leave her without something of his, he pressed his ring into her hands. It was silver, with a dark blue stone in the center. The ring had belonged to his grandfather and had been passed down to him. The ring and his sword were the only things he had from his parents. Anaya shook her head sadly. "I cannot take this." The silver circlet she was wearing caught and reflected the light of the torches around them. Her pale blue gown helped her look as if she had some color to her, but nothing could disguise the look in her eyes. Fear, pain, and sadness. They swirled around in the blue pool, turning it cloudy. "I insist. Keep it for me." The fair lady clutched the ring, then turned as if she was going to run away, but Gorlan grabbed her thin hand. "Anaya…promise me something? Promise me you will not leave until I return." Cloudy blue orbs stared into his gray ones. In a trembling voice, she asked, "And what if you do not return?" There was no point in false reassurances. "Then promise me at least that you will go on and find happiness and peace, not grief and despair. Even" he swallowed. "…even if that does mean sailing." "I cannot promise anything." "Why are you now so cold?" Gorlan cried. "I would give all the life I possess to see you warm again. I miss the elleth I once knew." Anaya's eyes were now on the ground. "She is still here. She is just lost." Gorlan placed his fingers under her chin and gently lifted her head so he could stare into her eyes. "Then maybe you should let someone find her." On a sudden bit of impulsiveness, while he still held her face in his hand, he leaned down and placed a gentle, chaste kiss on her lips. "Farewell, Anaya. My heart shall weep until it sees thee again ". Then he touched her cheek and left, not knowing when, or if, he'd see her again. Because I do not feel like translating a bunch of Elvish, it will be in italics , unless its stuff most LOTR readers would know (hannon le-thank you, Ada-Dad, etc.). Assume any Elvish in here is Sindarian. Please let me know what you think. Thanks.