eyes to the man that had stood, "have little hope of escaping the darkness that comes with that power." "And who are you to know of such things, a woman addressing a council of men that no more on such matters. Long has my father, the Steward of Gondor, kept the forces of Mordor at bay. By the blood of our people are your lands kept safe! Give Gondor the weapon of the enemy. Let us use it against him!" Carita glared at the man and silently steamed as she watched him pace. There was no cause to insult her when all she did was tell him the truth. "You cannot wield it! None of us can. The One Ring answers to Sauron alone. It has no other master," another man said and Carita looked to him. She knew him, all too well she knew him, but he did not know her. "And what would a ranger know of this matter?" the first man asked. Legolas stood suddenly and all eyes turned to him. "This is no mere ranger. He is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe him your allegiance," Legolas said lowly as he looked at the first man. He seemed surprised and looked at Aragorn with a curiosity then a loathing look fell upon his weathered features. "Aragorn? This... is Isildur's heir?" the man asked. "And heir to the throne of Gondor," Legolas added. The man looked at Legolas and then once again turned his eyes to Aragorn. "Havo dad, Legolas (Sit down, Legolas)," Aragorn said as he raised his hand. "Gondor has no king. Gondor needs no king," the man said before he once again took his seat. Legolas did the same and sighed softly as he did so. "Aragorn and Carita are right. We cannot use it," Gandalf said and Elrond nodded. At the mention of her name, she felt Aragorn's eyes fall to her as well as several of the elves that sat amongst the council, but they said nothing. "You have only one choice. The Ring must be destroyed," Elrond said. "Then what are we waiting for?" a gruff voice of a dwarf asked as he stood adjusting his grip on his axe. He moved quickly to the pedestal, but Carita was up with lightening speed and grasped the handle of his axe, stopping the dwarf from striking the Ring. "I would not do that, master dwarf," she told him softly and he frowned as he looked at her and quickly jerked his axe from her grip. Once again all eyes were on her and she lowered her hood letting her hair fall free as she looked down at the dwarf. His eyes widened, but said nothing as he looked up at her. "The ring cannot be destroyed by a simple blow of an axe, the swing of a blade, or even the heat of a burning fire." "The Ring was made in the fires of Mount Doom. Only there can it be unmade. It must be taken deep into Mordor and cast back into the fiery chasm from whence it came," Elrond said and Carita moved silently to take her seat once again, but all the while feeling the curious looks of all members save for four of the council. "One of you must do this." "One does not simply walk into Mordor. Its black gates are guarded by more than just Orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep. And the great Eye is ever watchful. It is a barren wasteland. Riddled with fire and ash and dust. The very air you breathe is a poisonous fume. Not with ten thousand men could you do this," the man from before said as his eyes flickered to Carita and then to Elrond once more. "Ten thousand men would give the enemy to fair of a warning," Carita said with a pause as a man turned his light eyes to hers. "It does not take ten thousand men to defeat an enemy, but the will and strength of one could bring down thousands," she said with a fire in her voice and the man glared at her. "It is folly!" the man said once again. "Have you heard nothing Lord Elrond and Lady Carita have said? The Ring must be destroyed!" Legolas yelled as he stood. The dwarf stood again and looked at Legolas heatedly. "And I suppose you think you're the one to do it?!" the dwarf demanded and Legolas glared at him. "And if we fail, what then?! What happens when Sauron takes back what is his?!" the man asked as he stood from his seat. "I will be dead before I see the Ring in the hands of an Elf!" the dwarf said and Carita rolled her eyes as the other elves stood and an argument ensued. "Never trust and elf!" "Do you not understand that while we bicker amongst ourselves, Sauron's power grows?! None can escape it! You'll all be destroyed!" Gandalf yelled as he stood trying to stop the arguing. Carita sighed quietly and looked at Elrond who frowned and shook his head as he pinched the bridge of his nose. "I will take it! I will take it!" rose the small hobbit's voice in the air and the arguing slowly dissipated. Carita stood so she could see him more clearly because he had stood from his chair and Elrond stood in her view of him. All eyes had done the same and looked at him in pure astonishment and wonder. "I will take the Ring to Mordor. Though . . . I do not know the way." After a deep breath, Carita sighed and looked at the small hobbit. " So it begins," she thought sadly but fully knowing there was no alternative. A/N: So, here it is! Let me know what you think, please! Carita is a little bit of a mystery but as the story continues you'll learn more about her. Let me know! Thanks!