an orc. Within seconds half of the men were killed with elven arrows. The others were soon defeated too. But somewhere in the middle of the fight Kirc found his way to the prisoner. "Make them stop, little bastard!" He growled dangerously. "You've lost." Legolas stated softly, too tired even to be afraid. "May be, but their effort would be for nothing." The man placed the dagger to the elf's throat, drawing blood. Cruel sadistic smile appeared at his lips. Legolas felt strangely apathetic. He knew he was going to die, but he had no strength to stop it, no strength to be scared. Suddenly Kirc's face became a mask of pain and horror as a blade cut his heart. Legolas gasped both in surprise and relief. Last thing he saw before consciousness finally left him was his father's worried face. XXX "Tell me that he will be alright." Thranduil kneeled down next to the Elrond. The later had already removed chains and was examining young prince's wounds. Legolas was wearing only his leggings that were torn and filthy. His body was covered with so many injuries, one's eye could hardly count. Whip marks, cuts and bruises were laying one on top of another. "He has an arrow wound in the left shoulder, his right shoulder is dislocated. Three ribs are broken, five more are badly bruised. Some cuts and whip marks got infected." Elrond listed, his voice tensed with grief. "I suspect him to have mild concussion as well." Thranduil swore, his fists clenched so tightly that the knuckles turned white. Although his face showed little emotions, inside Elrond felt like killing all this foul humans once more. Or twice... And he knew Tranduil felt ten times worse. "I need a fire and fresh water." Elrond sighed gaining control over his emotions enough to get to his work. Legolas needed help. And he needed it swiftly. XXX Legolas became aware of the soft warm blankets surrounding him. Despite the pain he felt relatively comfortable. But that made no sense. Was his mind playing games with him? He was captive of the humans... Then he remembered. The fight between his captors and elves, Kirc, who was threatening him and finally his father's grim face before passing out. Sudden urgency to see Thranduil, to speak with him, to tell all those things he had feared he wouldn't be able to ever tell won the battle with pain and he opened his eyes. Oh Valars, his body hurt so mach! Legolas blinked clearing his vision. He stared at the green foliage above him barely breathing, waiting for the pain to lessen. Summoning strength he turned his head to side, moaned slightly as the cut at his neck send waves of pain. "Easy, Legolas." Elrond said gently, immediately coming to the child's side. "Lay still. I'll give you something to dull the pain." Legolas wanted to nod but he feared that it would hurt even more, so he closed his eyes wearily. What was lord Elrond doing here? Where was his father? Was Thranduil still mad at him? Has he saved a prince or a son? This questions were tearing his exhausted mind, eating his heart and soul bit by bit. It was too much to bear on top of the cruel treatment he had endured during his captivity. A lonely tear rolled down the child's cheek. "Quiet, child. You are safe now." Elrond whispered, touching prince's cheek, his heart aching to see the pain in a young elf's face. But what concerned him even more, was the pain hidden inside Legolas' heart. "Ada?" Legolas whispered in a weak, hoarse voice, barely suppressing violent sobs that had squeezed his throat. This question hold so much pain, hope and sorrow that Elrond winced. "He went to speak to his captains few minutes ago." He told softly. Seeing the tears in Legolas' eyes, he added "I will call him." "No. Do not." Legolas turned his head away from elven lord, even if it caused him pain. Elrond frowned at this words and motioned for one of the warriors to call Thranduil. Only now he started to realize the full seriousness of the problems, which plagued Mirkwood and it's royal family. XXX Thranduil kneeled beside Legolas. His heart was torn apart with grief both from his son's state and their resent arguments. He wanted to apologize, to let his son see, that he still loved him. The king took one of the thin hands in his own, careful not to disturb the bandage that was hiding raw wounds from chains. "Legolas." He called gently, looking at the pale face of his son, pleading him to open his eyes. "Yes, Ada." The reply was filled with pain that echoed the one in king's heart. But it also contained steel notes, the one that stabbed at Thranduil's heart like knives. "Were you hurt badly?" He found himself asking. "I was." Legolas opened his big blue eyes, staring at the face of his father and king, almost expecting to see disapproval there. He was surprised and startled to see the pain and guilt instead. "I'm sorry for what I've told you back at the palace." Thranduil sighed. "I should have been more attentive to you. My blindness had almost cost your life." "Ada, don't blame yourself, please!" Legolas whispered brokenly, tears of relief rolling down his cheeks. "I can't help it, my son. I was in a deep grief and with all the shadows... But I had no right to blame you for that." Legolas rose his shaking hand to touch the king's face. The pain the movement had caused was great and his vision started darkening once more. But his heart was singing. Legolas smiled weakly. "I love you, Ada." He whispered feeling consciousness fleeing from him. The king caught his son's hand as it fell limply to the ground. He kissed it gently, his own tears staining soft skin. "I love you too, my son." The End.