to them is to be tossed. Before Aragon throws him, he says "don't tell the elf." Aragon smiled at his friend and reassure him that he wouldn't say anything about the matter. He tosses Gimil and quickly follows him. After a while, Théoden told Aragon that he needed to get out of there. Legolas was standing by with a rope so Aragon and Gimil grabbed onto the rope and Legolas pulled them up with the help of some soldiers. Aragon looked for Arwen but he didn't see her. "Where is Arwen?" he yelled over the noise to Legolas. "We got separated," Legolas replied as he shot another uruk-hai. Fearing the worst, Aragon quickly fought his enemy while he searched for his beloved. He called her name over and over, hoping for a response. After fifteen minutes of searching, he found her. She was fighting off the enemy. She was a great warrior. In some ways, better than him. They had the same teachers, her brothers. When they were teaching him, they use to mock at him saying that their sister was a better swordsmen then he was. Aragon quickly jumped in to help her. "I knew you would find me," said Arwen as she struck an uruk-hai. "Well," said Aragon as he off a near by uruk-hai's head off "I promised to protect you and I always keep my promises." As they were fighting, the uruk-hais manage to brake open the gate. Théoden called for a retreat and they all fell back. As they work barricade the door, Théoden says in despair "The fortress is taken. It is over." Aragon, after helping the men barricade the door, marches to where he stood and says "You said this fortress would never fall while your Men defend it. They still defend it. They have died defending it." Théoden still believing that there is no hope replies "So much death. What can men do against such reckless hate?" Aragon thinks and says "Ride with me." Théoden looks at him confused. Aragon says again "Ride with me and meet them head on." Théoden, finally seeing reason, agreed and went to get the horses. By the time the uruk-hai broke down the door they were ready. They all had a horse and had swords in hand. The horses blast out of the hall under the standard of Rohan. They charge down the roads of the keep slicing through stunned uruk-hai as they ride. They charge out to the open field, killing everything in their path. They all fought as if it was their last stand. As they fought, a man on a white horse, Gandalf, looks down at the scene below him. When they saw him they all cheered at the sight of him, for he brought with him more men. Èomer called for an attack and hundreds of men on horses started to attack. After a while of fighting, they pushed to the uruk-hai into the trees. Èomer blocked all the men from following them, calling for them to stay away from the trees. They all stood by and watched as the trees killed the remaining uruk-hais. Aragon got off his horse and went to Arwen's and made her get off her horse as well. He kissed her there. In front of everyone, not caring that they were watching. All that mattered to them was that they were alive to live another day. When they pulled away Aragon looked into her eyes and said "When this war is over and I am King, you will be my wife." Arwen smiled and replied "I better be," and then she pulled his head down so that his lips could meet hers in another fiery kiss. A&A They go back to the fortress and see all the women and children are out of the caves. Éowyn sees Aragon and relived to see him alive and well. As they are going inside, Éowyn sees a women that she doesn't know. She watches as they embrace. Éowyn felt as she was stabbed in the heart. Upon closer inspection, she sees that she is an elf. She quickly realizes that this is the elf that gave him the jewel that he wears around his neck. Didn't Aragon say that she was gone to be with her kin? "Well" she thought dryly "Clearly he was wrong." Aragon took the elf's hand and walked over to where she stood. "Éowyn, there is someone I would like you to meet. This is Arwen. She gave me the jewel that you were wondering about earlier. Arwen, this is Éowyn. She is King's niece." The women bowed to each other in respect. "Mae govannen, Lady Éowyn. Aragon has spoken highly of you. It's nice to have a woman around here with all these men. Please come find me later and we shall get to know each other. I feel like we shall be great friends. Until then," replied Arwen. Éowyn sighed in sadness. She was not loved in returned for the one she loved was loved by someone else. A&A Aragon and Arwen walked hand in hand together down the halls. They were together and they were alive. They both knew that more battles were a head of them and they might not be as lucky as they were this time but they didn't think of that. All they thought about was each other. They loved each other and they knew they were going to be together forever. No evil could stop their love. None. Author's Note Well there we have it. It's a little different from the movie. I changed a little bit. I'm sure you notice some of the lines from the movie and I take no credit for them. Those lines are the writers. I hoped that you enjoyed my story. This is the first time I ever wrote a story like this so please be kind to me. I also hope that I got the Elvish language right. Thank You! :)