number was greatly diminished, but Telepsîr was growing tired. Another sharp twang was heard, and he turned to face the direction from which it had come. A large black arrow slammed into his right shoulder. He almost fell under the force of the blow, but forbade himself from doing so. If he fell, he did not know if he could rise again, then all would be lost. Before Telepsîr could gain his bearings again, a fiery pain erupted across his back, and he turned on instinct and killed the Orc that had slashed him with its scimitar. Telepsîr managed to kill three more Orcs before they finally overwhelmed him and wrested away his sword. Still he punched one in the face hard enough to shatter its deformed nose and hopefully kill it. Pulled to the ground, he struggled and kicked under their rough grasps until a dirty black blade was pressed against his throat. A few of the beasts had already slaughtered his horse, though not without a fight on the poor animal's part, and had dragged it off, likely to eat it. The prince glared up at his foes as one reach for the arrow in his shoulder. It roughly pulled at the projectile at an angle, only causing more harm as it was pulled out, but Telepsîr bit his lip harshly to keep the cry of pain from escaping. The same was repeated with the arrow in his arm. Telepsîr sent them a glare that could have melted ice, but the one holding the blade to his neck only grinned in response. It snarled something in its harsh tongue, making the Elf wish he could cover his ears, and several of the Orcs produced short, black knives. The Orc holding the long scimitar, apparently the leader, took a step back, moving the weapon from his throat. Telepsîr immediately attempted to jump up, but the Orc had naturally foreseen this action and quickly drove the scimitar through his unharmed arm. Telepsîr gave a strangled cry as the weapon roughly slid through his flesh and pinned him to the ground. The other few Orcs acted as if on cue and clawed and slashed at his arms until they were little more than a bloody mass. Though the pain was blinding, Telepsîr kicked out at whatever was within reach, until one of the beats drove a long knife into his leg, slightly above the knee. Excruciating pain shot up and down his leg every time he moved in the slightest. The Orc leader raised his scimitar, and with one stroke, had sliced off one of the Elf's ears. Blood poured freely from the wound. Telepsîr brought up a bloody hand to the injury, but the Orc only impaled it on his blade, roughly yanking it free. Telepsîr cried out and felt close to tears, but refused them. He felt sick from all the pain and wondered why he was even still conscious. After a while the Orcs seemed to have had enough sport, and, stabbing him one last time through the stomach, left him to die. Telepsîr watched as they started to move off, dimly following their movements with glazed eyes. The leader suddenly stopped and turned back to look at him, as if making a decision. Finally it returned, and in those few moments it took to close the distance between the two, Telepsîr thought of many things. He mentally bid his brothers farewell, thinking of tiny Legolas who would now never know him. He would miss out on his little brother's entire childhood, entire life, and all the small enjoyments of watching him into a proper prince. He was suddenly filled with an uncontainable rage toward these creatures that had taken all that away from him. But he could do nothing about it now. He sent a quick prayer to the Valar will all his remaining will, to keep Legolas safe and for him to grow and be might and wise, and to remember his oldest brother. A single tear slipped out from his unfocused eyes to trail down his bloodied face. Then he turned his silver gaze to the calm blue sky and time seemed to fade as he found peace within it. By now the Orc had reached him. It took the Elf's own long, white blade and raised it above his head. Then, with all its strength, drove it straight into Telepsîr's heart. Scene divider! Yes, they all died. MWAHAHAHAHA! Aight. I could have been a lot happier with this chapter, but decided to just post it and get it over with. Haha. Ok, a couple things. (1) Personally, I don't think that Legolas had any brothers. But hey, it makes a good story. (2) I never really took the time to educate myself on the complete Dwarven history, so I'm not sure where they were at this approximate time. They probably weren't in Moria, and Durin probably wasn't alive, but I had to do it this way to fit the story. You'll see. (although if you want to tell me the complete Dwarven history, that's fine with me. I would even appreciate it, though the story will not be corrected.) (3) Yes, I am aware that Gandalf did not die in Moria because of the fall, and Ransûl did. Just assume that he got banged up on the way down, or got crushed by one of the boulders or something, or was in a different section of Moria altogether and didn't exactly land in the water. Use your imagination. (4) If you were wondering about the part where I said how Telepsîr punched the Orc in the nose and hopefully killed it, and how punching somebody in the nose can kill them, it is true. If you hit a person's nose hard enough to shatter it, and just the right way, the pieces can go up into their brain and kill them. Yay! Forgot the disclaimer. Don't own, don't wanna. Imagine the fangirls! (runs screaming)