there was a quiet knock on the door. Etharel opened the door and there was Arwen Udomiel. "Etharel!" she said. "Arwen?" said Etharel to her childhood friend. "Why are you here?" "Just thought you might need a suitable dress for the coronation," she said and held out a silver dress. Etharel smiled and thanked her friend. Etharel took the dress and Arwen left. The next day, Etharel got into the dress and went up to the citadel for Aragorn's coronation. She stood beside Legolas. She turned around and nodded to Frodo and Sam. Merry and Pippin waved. "I'll be back," she said to Legolas. She walked over to the hobbits where she was introduced to Merry and Pippin. "I see you've recovered well, Frodo," she said. He smiled at her. "So you're really Galadriel's daughter?" asked Pippin. She laughed. "Yes," she said. "Though, I haven't seen her in a while." Everyone quieted down and the ceremony began. Aragorn walked around, bowing to people and when he reached the hobbits and Etharel, he stopped them from bowing. "My friends," he said. "You bow to no one." He knelt down and bowed his head. The whole of Minas Tirith followed. Etharel stepped in front of the hobbits and with a smile, knelt to them and bowed her head. The ceremony ended and Etharel went and packed to go back to Lothlorien. There was a knock on the door and Legolas stepped in. "I'm coming with you," he said. She smiled. "I wouldn't have it any other way," she said. She finished and while, Legolas went to bid goodbye to Aragorn and Gimli, Etharel went to find Frodo and Sam. "I guess this is goodbye," she said. "Thank you, Frodo, Sam." "Why are you thanking us?" asked Frodo. "I should be thanking you." "It's been an honor travelling with you," said Sam. "We may not meet again," she said. "But you'll always have a special space in my heart. I'll always be there for you if you need me." She bowed to them and burst into tears. The hobbits hugged her. She pulled herself together and left. She met Legolas at the gate. Aragorn had given her a pure black horse. They rode from Minas Tirith and followed the river Anduin until night fell. They stopped at Cair Andros. The next day, they travelled hard and fast upriver until they reached Rauros Falls. "We should arrive in Lothlorien tomorrow," she said. "I hope my mother will forgive me." "She will," said Legolas. There was silence. "Do you hear that?" he asked. "No," she replied. "It's silent." "That's not good," he said. An arrow suddenly thudded into the ground by Etharel's foot. She leapt out of the way of a second arrow. Legolas drew his knives. "Where's your bow?" "I had to leave it at Cirith Ungol so I didn't get recognized as an elf," she said. He handed her one of his knives and ducked to avoid being struck by an arrow. Orcs burst into their camp and attacked them. Etharel and Legolas cut down half the orcs. Suddenly, an orc grabbed Etharel from behind and pressed a knife to her throat. "Legolas," she said. The elf turned to the orc. "Release her," he demanded. "Drop your weapons," the orc said. Legolas dropped his knife. Etharel drove her knife through the orc's armor and into its side. It growled and cut her across the shoulder as he dropped to the ground. This orc was obviously the leader because the rest of the orcs fled. Legolas went to Etharel who was gripping her shoulder. "Let me see," he said, gently pulling her hand away. He pulled out a bandage and wrapped it around her shoulder and under her arm. She flinched. "Sorry." "No," she said. "It's fine." He smiled at her. She hugged him. They continued on through the night until they came to the edge of Lothlorien. "Here goes nothing." They walked through Lothlorien, they noticed how no elves were coming to greet them. They arrived at Calas Galadhrim. "It's so quiet," said Legolas. "That's because almost everyone's left for Valinor," came a voice from behind them. They turned and saw an elf. He bowed to them. "My lady, Etharel," he said. "Welcome back." "I'm looking for my mother," she said. "Where is she?" "She's left for the Grey Havens," he said. "We need to go," said Etharel. "Thank you for your help." "My pleasure to give you help," he said. "I look forward to your return." The pair of elves left Lothlorien and rode for days to the Grey Havens. They finally got there and, to their surprise, they saw the hobbits and Gandalf. "MOTHER!" cried Etharel. Galadriel stopped and looked surprised at her daughter's appearance. "Mother!" Etharel ran to Galadriel and knelt in front of her. "Mother, I know I've done you wrong, but I beg your forgiveness. Please, mother, I am so, so sorry. Please forgive me." She had tears streaming down her face. Galadriel smiled. "My daughter," she said. "I forgive you." Etharel stood up and hugged her mother. To the surprise of the hobbits and Legolas, Etharel began to glow. The glow grew so bright that they couldn't see her. The glow faded but didn't entirely go away. Her skin was giving off the faint glow that was pulsing like a heartbeat. Her eyes had regained colour and were a startling blue. She gasped. "Colour!" she laughed. "It's beautiful!" She turned to Legolas. "Legolas! Your eyes! They're so blue!" He stepped forward with a smile. "Everything is so bright!" She hugged Legolas. He pulled back slightly. Time slowed down as he leant forward and kissed her. She blinked in surprise but then closed her eyes. He pulled back. "From the moment I first met you," he said, "I have been in love with you. I love you Etharel. And I would be honored if you would be my wife." She smiled. "Yes, Legolas!" she cried and kissed him.