happened to be Bill the pony. Sauron flung the poor animal into the air, where it stayed for a fraction of a second, then fell and landed on the most dignified King Elessar. Merry and Pippin dragged the king from where he was lying – in-between clashing Haradrim and Rohirrim. 'Aragorn, wake up' 'You appear to be the only one with common sense around here.' Added Pippin. The king sat up and rubbed his crowned head. He could have done better with a standard helmet. Merry said, 'the rest of the people have gone insane is what I'm saying. Pip and I fell from the route back to the Shire, and landed in this nightmare.' An arrow sailed by his ear, and he looked to see Legolas mouthing 'sorry'. 'It's queer, see. We fell down into the ground, but we fell out sideways in the air.' 'Then those two authors tell us that we have to do something called type ourselves out.' 'Which we desperately want to do since there's no food in this place-' 'Then someone brought the Dark Tower into the middle of the room-' 'But instead of killing everyone in sight, Sauron proposes to Lady Galadriel!' 'Now there's a mess and no mistake. The Men and the Orcs are fighting. The Elves are defending themselves in ring formation, except for Celeborn and Galadriel, who are hunting for Sauron. The hobbits are listening to Mr. Bilbo's decision, and doing nothing at all.' 'The wizards are trying to hit each other with their staffs. The Ents are restraining a large, ugly spider. The Nazgûl are chasing two of their own around. Plus, every time someone dies, they come back to life.' They watched an Orc's head fly back onto the shoulders of its owner. 'The Nazgûl are disorganized for once?' inquired Aragorn. 'Yes, but we don't know why-' 'We're going to KILL YOU!' Shouted Nazgûl two, three, four, five, six, seven, and eight, chasing the Witch King and Nazgûl nine. Éowyn was grinning. 'PEOPLE NEVER MENTION US! IT'S ALWAYS "NAZGÛL ONE TO NINE", AND NEVER "NAZGÛL ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR, FIVE, SIX, SEVEN, EIGHT, AND NINE"!' 'Well, that answers our question...' Aragorn called Éomer over. 'What are we going to do about this?' 'Have you seen a black-cloaked, armoured, mace-wielding figure of evil go by?' Asked Celeborn breathlessly (yes, he ran that hard). Merry and Pippin shook their heads. The kings were still deep in conversation. Finally, they looked to the hobbits. 'You must sneak us that type object. From the sounds of it, it controls reality in this place.' 'Oh great...first the One Ring, now the One Type-thing...'slowly, they made use of their hobbit sneakiness, and tried to seek out the type-thing. Last time they saw it, Saruman had his robes caught in the machinery and was dragging it around... Meanwhile, Sauron had made his way to the EVIL iron gateway of Barad-dûr. The authors were still smiling, but their expressions were somewhat thin. The Dark Lord sensed the real Authors' eyes on him again, and inwardly groaned. Outwardly, he muttered several curses in the Black Speech. His throwing-a-pony-and-harming-Aragorn distraction worked, though; he made it to the gate without being caught by two knife-wielding elves. 'You can't bring us out of here, you know.' 'Take a listen, then.' Sauron deposited them in front of the doors. For a split second, the authors' expressions changed to pure horror. They heard the sound of evil at work beyond that doorway. Somehow, Sauron had managed to make this door a portal to the actual Middle-Earth. However, their faces soon returned to the familiar smile. 'You still can't.' 'And what will stop me?' he swung open the doors, and everyone in the room froze from the din that came from the other side. Many stopped in the middle of fighting and/or stealing a heavy metal object from a wizard's robes. 'The fact that the Authors are running out of paper.' 'WHAT?' Sauron stepped into his fortress. The authors planted their feet firmly before the threshold. 'Look.' With a last smirk, the room and the authors melted into oblivion. Author Ev put down the pencil, and sighed. ' So, who won?' ' Well, as usual, we both failed to force the other into a plot hole.' ' Ah well.' Author Ve stapled the papers and put them into an already overstuffed folder. 'Let's get a bit to eat.' Authors' Notes Ev: that's it, Ve! Now press that save button, or use Ctrl-S Ve: (thoughtful) hmmm…I wonder… Ev: wonder what? Ve: where is Sauron? Ev: he went through the portal and back in Middle- OH NO! Ve: yeah. That. Whose smart idea was it to put the One Ring in the story? Ev: well, so what if he got the Ring? This is FAN fiction after all. Ve: let's check…(reading from the book, The Return of the King) Out of the depths came his last wail Precious , and he was gone. Ev: There was a roar and a great confusion of noise. Fires leaped up and licked the roof. The throbbing grew to a great tumult, and the Mountain shook from His terrible power. Somehow- Ve: just as Gollum fell, the One Ring suddenly appeared on His finger as he strode forth from the dark gates of Barad-dûr. By some deeper and darker magic than we can dare to imagine, the Dark Lord had summoned what is His from the brink of destruction. Ev: The Captains battling in front of the Gates saw the darkness extend, and the Ringwraiths return more powerful than ever before, and knew all was lost. Frodo's quest had failed. Both: we really messed it up this time, didn't we? Ve: The Third Age has come to a horrible end, as the armies of Gondor and Rohan were crushed- Ev: ...err...Ve? Ve: - by the hordes of Mordor - what? Ev: is it me or is it getting frighteningly dark outside… (They look at each other in fearful silence)