foul dwimmerlaik, lord of carrion! Leave the dead in peace!" A cold voice answered: "Come not between the Nazgûl and his prey! Or he will not slay thee in thy turn. He will bear thee away to the houses of lamentation, beyond all darkness, where thy flesh shall be devoured, and thy shrivelled mind be left naked to the Lidless Eye." Éowyn did not waver in fear or cowered at his words, for there was nothing to fear in what he said to her. For in her heart already she had been borne to the houses of lamentation, already had her mind been left naked. And long has her flesh been devoured by her own darkness. So she only drew her sword and said: "Do what you will, but I will hinder it, if I may." Little hope she had in herself, and she did not deny that she may well die on this day, but she would not have her Lord's body mistreated by this spirit of evil. "Hinder me? Thou fool. No living man may hinder me!" And suddenly, Éowyn laughed, its sound cold and harsh on the wide battlefield of Pelennor. A vicious smile on her face and her voice ringing like steel, she said: "But no living man am I! You look upon a woman. Éowyn I am, Éomund's daughter. You stand between me and my lord and kin. Begone, if you be not deathless! For living or dark undead, I will smite you, if you touch him!" And in a moment of courage she removed the helm that trapped her hair beneath, and her bright hair, released from its bonds, fell about her shoulders in golden waves. The winged creature screamed at her, but she stood her ground, her grey eyes hard and fell, tears still falling from them as she glared at the Ringwraith, who made no answer and was silent, as if in sudden doubt. She raised her shield in protection as the wraith's horrible eyes fixed on her, studying her carefully. Suddenly the great beast beat its horrible wings, and the wind of them was foul, causing Éowyn's eyes to water and her to wretch slightly. Again it leaped into the air, and then swiftly fell down upon Éowyn, shrieking, striking with beak and claw. But Éowyn did not falter as she watched the creature come towards her. She was a shield-maiden of Rohan, a descendant of kings and heroes. Their blood coursed through her veins. And she would not be afraid. At the last moment, she twisted aside dealt the creature a swift and powerful stroke, skilled and deadly. Her blade dug deeply into the outstretched neck. And with strength unlooked for in maidens, and a scream that echoed through the ages she clove the head asunder. Foul acrid blood sprayed her armour and face as the hewn head fell like a stone. Backward she sprung, her eyes watering from the pain of the blood on her face, wiping it hastily with a sleeve, she watched the huge shape crash to ruin, vast wings outspread, crumpled on the earth: and with its fall the shadow passed away. But out of the wreck rose the Ringwraith, tall and threatening, towering above her. With a cry of hatred that stung her ears like venom he let fall his mace. Éowyn was not ready for the attack. All her energy was spent having killed the great beast in which the Nazgûl rode, and she was not fit to fight it. Her heart was weary and her eyes were growing dark as her courage faded and despair began to again take her. She lifted her shield to protect herself, but little it did against the weight and the power of the mace that the Black Rider swung. She screamed as the shield was shattered into many pieces, and she needed not a healer to know that her arm was broken. She stumbled to her knees, her face contorted in pain, hopelessness washing over her like a dark tide, the darkness nearly consuming her as the wraith bent over her like a cloud, and his red eyes glittered; he raised his mace to kill. This was the end. The world of men will fall, and all would come to darkness. She closed her eyes as she gripped the sword still in her right hand tightly, hoping death would take her swiftly. At the very least, she achieved the glorious death she sought. Suddenly, she heard a cry of bitter pain, and felt wind whistle by her ear. She felt the ground beneath her tremble as the mace was driving into the ground beside her. His stroke went wide. "Éowyn! Éowyn!" she heard someone call to her. " Merry? " she thought in awe. She opened her eyes. The Nazgûl had stumbled forward, why she did not know, but it mattered not now. Tottering, struggling up, she gathered the last of her strength and courage. Sweat poured down the sides of her face and she grimaced in pain. With a cry she drove her sword forward, between the crown and mantle, as the great shoulders bowed before her. The sword broke in her hands, sparkling into many shards. The crown rolled away with a clang. She was spent. A sudden cold gripped her as she fell forward upon her fallen foe. She no longer knew the pain that resounded from her broken shield arm, and it was as if she was suddenly consumed by darkness as she collapsed. Courage was no more, and there was only despair. She could not help but think of the irony of her fate. She had rode seeking death and glory, thinking it to cure her of her despair. She had found first glory, and now death, and yet she was as lost as when she had ridden out and colder still. Still it was winter within her heart, never to discover spring's gentle beauty, or even the sun's warmth. THE END?