as the two wraiths approached. Areth ran to the side of road, pulled her bow from her back, and snatched an arrow from her quiver. She caught the tip of it on a flame so it too burned bright. She notched the smoldering projectile on her bow and drew the weapon taut, taking aim as the black riders reached her. Their two steeds, panicked by the blaze blocking the road, reared back into the air. Taking advantage of the wraiths' momentary distraction, Areth let loose the flaming arrow. It planted itself squarely in the neck of one wraith, catching its black robe on fire. It screeched in panic and fell of its horse. It ran away, limbs flailing, into the the darkened forest. Its horse took flight down the road from whence it came. The ranger drew, lit, and notched another arrow. The remaining dark rider had regained control of its horse. It spotted Areth aiming her arrow, and drew its sword. It seemed to float down from its horse and approached her at a mockingly slow pace. Areth let loose her flaming arrow but the wraith leaned to the side and dodged it. So close was her enemy, Areth had no choice but to tuck her bow away and draw out her sword. She flexed her fingers around the hilt, ready to face her foe. "Tell me where the halflings are and I will make your death quick ranger!" The rider hissed her. "Over my dead body!" The ranger snarled in return. "Then prepare do die a very slow and painful death!" The rider hissed again. It took a step forward and raised its blade. The sword whistled through the air towards the ranger. The clang of mental on metal rang throughout the woods as her blade met the wraith's. Her arms shook as she tried to parry off the blow. The wraith's blade slipped and then swung at her again. Areth blocked a succession of blows successfully, but she was very clearly on the defensive. While she could handle a blade well enough, she had never excelled at that type of combat like she had with archery. In her previous encounters with the black riders, she had always managed to stay hidden in the shadows at a distance and deflect them with flaming arrows. This wraith was clearly different. It had been the only one to dodge her lit arrow. It seemed more knowledgeable, more powerful than the others. Sweat ran down the ranger's back as she deflected the barrage of attacks from the wraith. Her muscles burned and the clashing of the metal rang in her ears. The blaze that burned across the rode cast a hellish orange light across the fighting pair. The smell of ash and smoke filled the air. Areth panted harshly as her energy began to wane. Then, her balance betrayed her and she stumbled to the ground. "Now you will learn what happens to those who stand in the way of the Witch King of Angmar!" The wrath hissed, raising its blade over the fallen ranger. Areth stared back at the wraith with with fearless defiance and spat at its feet. She reached for her blade and moved to block the Witch King's downward thrust. It was not fast enough however. A burning agony greater than anything she had ever known burst in her shoulder. She turned her gaze to see the black rider's blade wedged into her skin. She tried to contain her pain but her lips betrayed her. She let at an agonized screech and her body spasmed involuntarily in response to the pain. The Witch King picked up her blade which now lay useless at her side. "I will quite enjoy the irony of you dying by your own weapon ranger, " it hissed menacingly. It moved to finish the job when a angry whiny came from the darkness. Mithdae charged at the Witch King, pushing it off its feet and into the flames dancing across the road. The rider's black robes caught aflame. It dropped the blade and charged at the helpless ranger but the grey stallion reared at it again. The witch king screeched in rage but gave up, running away into the darkness. Mithdae turned and nudged his mistress with his snout. Areth reached over with a shaky, sweaty hand and yanked the blade from her shoulder with a grunt. Her eyes widened in horror as the blade turned to dust and blew away in the wind. She had been stabbed by a morgul-blade. Remembering what she had been taught about healing and medicine, she clung to her horse's flank as she pulled herself up shaky legs. She frantically felt around her pack strapped to the stallion's hind-quarters. She ripped out the pack of athelas leaves stowed away in her pack. She tore it open and bit a portion of a leaf off. She chewed it frantically, then spit the paste back into her hands. She clawed at the clock and tunic covering her wound. They tore away to reveal a festering black cut. She rubbed the paste in as well as she could and then attempted to pull herself astride Mithdae. When her legs gave way and she stumbled, the loyal stallion dropped to his knees and nudged her up. She managed to raise herself up enough to fling a leg over the horse's flank and wrapped her arms tightly around his neck. He rose off the ground and flicked his ears, waiting for direction from his mistress. Areth fought to keep awake as the pain tore through her and darkness clouded vision and mind. " Go home, " she whispered weakly. She shook and sweated profusely as she tried to sing elvish healing songs to keep the darkness at bay. The horse neighed and reared. It then broke into a hard gallop and rushed into the darkness, heading east. *Dialogue in bold text is Sindarin Elvish.* AN: More to come! Please leave a review!