head to see an Orc staring down at him cruelly, a malicious smile on its face as he slowly drew back his bow, a mere step away from the Man. "Die, scum!" Boromir's anger and rage was all that he had left in him, and he used it to add strength to his last defence. The sword in his right hand suddenly flashed as he lurched forward to stab the Orc in the abdomen, gritting his teeth, twisting the blade hard as the Orc fired, grazing Boromir's ear as the shot went wide of its intended target. Black blood flowed over his hands as he fell back again, breathing rapidly as the Orc fell dead. Suddenly an Orc blade descended on his weapon, shattering his sword so that only the hilt was in his hand as he turned his head upward to see an Uruk-Hai snarling down at him, weapon raised. Boromir closed his eyes, wishing that death would find him swiftly, knowing that he had no strength left in him, when a call from the leader of the Orc's averted its attention. "Leave the Man to die slowly and rot! We have what we want! Let's go!" The Uruk graced Boromir with a chilling smile. "Lucky worm," he chuckled before he marched away, passing from Boromir's line of site as the Man sat back against the tree amongst the carcasses of the goblins he had slain. He could hear the rabble retreat, to where he did not know, but as the sound faded in the distance, he soon realized that he was alone. So this was how he was going to die. He choked on a laugh as it got caught in his throat, splattering his tunic with more blood, the fabric darkened heavily by his own blood seeping from those arrow wounds in his chest. He knew in his mind that it will not be long before he perished, his life drained from his body, and though he had always pictured himself dying on the field of battle, always it had been a field of some victory and triumph. Never had expected to have died in such disgrace, alone, left in the company of Orcs; never had he thought to die with so little honour left to his name. Silent tears coursed down his face as he closed his eyes, thinking back to how, in so little time, his life had descended into chaos and death, into dishonour and failure. All because he had been unable to resist the temptation, all because he wanted to save his people… because he had become consumed by the desire to save his city. He had failed everyone: Gondor, the Fellowship, the hobbits… and himself. It is over. The world of Men shall fall. And all shall come to darkness. Sounds he heard, as another crashed into the glade, his voice mighty and high as he cried the name of Elendil! before he stopped, as if shocked by what he saw. For a brief second he stood in silence, before sense returned to him and so raced to where Boromir lay, with his back to the great tree. Boromir heard the man kneel next to him in a respectful silence, and so he opened his eyes to look upon Aragorn, son of Arathorn, whose expression was full of confusion and grief. At length he strove to speak to him, and only after much time had pass could he summon slow words. "I tried to take the Ring from Frodo," he said. "I am sorry. I have paid." His glance strayed to his fallen enemies; twenty there were, at least. "They have gone: the Halflings: the Orcs have taken them." He could not hide the guilt in his words as he looked up at the ranger, whose kind grey eyes stared sympathetically down at him. "I think they are not dead," he whispered. "Orcs bound them." He paused again as his eyes closed wearily. A cold chill began to descend on his body as life began to fade from within. He could feel his breathing beginning to grow shallow, and the world about him beginning to darken. Desperately, he strove to speak again. "Farewell, Aragorn! Go to Minas Tirith and save my people. I have failed." His voice wobbled at that last sentence, unable, even as he could feel death take him, to hide those emotions that clawed at his soul. "No!" cried Aragorn as he took Boromir's hand and kissed his brow. "You have conquered. Few have gained such a victory. Be at peace! Minas Tirith shall not fall!" " I have conquered. " Those words warmed Boromir's heart as he smiled, as he tried to open his eyes to look up once more upon the ranger, upon Aragorn, son of Arathorn. But his eyes did not open, allowing only darkness as his grasp on the world about him faded. He tried to form words, but his lips refused to move, refused to form the words of gratitude he wished to share, as he realized, like a slow embrace, the truth in which Aragorn spoke. " I would have followed you my brother. " He sighed as he allowed death to take him, for he felt at peace, now that he had been granted it. He had redeemed his errors, if only in death. And now he can rest, knowing that he was not disgraced, that he was not weak. Knowing that he had gained the victory he sought for himself. He had kept his honour. " My captain. " He heard Aragorn begin to speak again. It was a question, but Boromir could not comprehend what. His voice seemed so far away now, and it almost grieved Boromir to leave without an answer. But Aragorn will eventually find the answers if he sought it. He was a wise and noble man; that Boromir knew. He was Isildur's Heir, and Heir to the throne of Gondor. " My King. " The End