awakening. "We will deal with Dol Guldur." 'she said. "When?" asked Meril, discontented. "When the time comes. Until then, we will buy Thranduil some time." "When you will decide too, better said!" replied Meril furiously." In your great wisdom, what do you think will happen after the Orcs will finish slaying the elves of Ery Glaen and Thranduil's head will be stuck into a spear at best?! Then they will come after Lothlórien! He seeks your Ring!" "You know nothing! 'said Galadriel. "He suspects, but he does not know, not yet. Even as I speak to you, I perceive the Dark Lord and know his mind, or all of his mind that concerns us. And he gropes ever to see me and my thought, but still the door is closed." "Tell me then, when the stronghold of Eryn Glaen will fall and there will be no one left to stand against the Orcs and you will wake up with your borders besieged from all sides, will you be willing to pay the price? Will be your willpower strong enough or you will fade into the Darkness? Or perhaps in the place of the Dark Lord we will have seated a Queen!" " Farn! Teliach na naur !" snapped Galadriel, standing up, but Meril remained seated. "It is true that for many long years I had pondered what I might do, should the Great Ring come into my hands. And it was brought within my grasp and his keeper gave it to me freely. I passed the test and I will diminish so when all that is left to be done, will be done, I will go into the West and remain Galadriel." She stood still. "I will not deny we will hardly resist to an offence coming from two sides, but as long as the Ring of Adamant is in my possession, Caras Galadhon will stand. What were you expecting? You thought I will cross the river and cast down the walls of Dol Guldur? No, Meril, 'she said. "You could have done it all by yourself and without needing a boat, she continued in a raised voice, staring at her. But you didn't. You chose to face your fears and come here to ask for my help in Thranduil's name. I must confess I would've been more than thrilled if you would just had the heart to let him appear in front of me like a beggar. His little quarrel with the dwarves for the White Gems of Lasgalen has not come out of your mind and that's good. What do you think he would've done if he had gotten knowledge of the ring on your finger? Do you think he would've stricken your head off first or would've taken the ring and would've left you rot into the dungeon?" Meril knitted her brows and swallowed back a lump in her throat. Galadriel was right about Thranduil. He could've done both and no matter how much she always wanted to trust him, she never had a blind faith in him. "The fate of the Rings stays with the White Council. I had no way of knowing about the treachery of Saruman and..." "Let us not hide!" yelled Meril, cutting her off. "You are aware that even the presence of a single ring is more than enough to draw the Enemy's attention. I will not take any action or do any step toward Dol Guldur if thus there is the smallest chance that the last rings to get into Sauron's grasp and increase his powers. With all his Orc armies we will battle if that's what we must do to keep his attention distracted from his own yard, because only beyond the locked gates of Mordor lies our true hope of destroying him once and for all. We both know that Celebrimbor revealed to Sauron only where The Seven had been hidden and how cruel was the reward he got. There's no need to remind you how you were likely to lose your ring or how you were saved only by the ignorance of the Enemy. It is true that Sauron's spirit remained with many memory gaps, but the Witch-King of Angmar certainly have not forgotten how he was sealed in the mountain or who left him without his horse." Meril leapt to her feet, her black eyes alight, but Galadriel stood as the warrior Queen who had contendd amongst all the Noldor Princes, and stood straight and angry, a marble statue unmoved by the bitter storm as Meril rushed out. She remembered in passing a Galadriel thousands of years younger, always with blushing cheeks, the walks they made together at sunsets along the cobblestoned alleys wreathed with the roses her mother had loved so much and how each time Galadriel caught carefully a red flower in her tresses, and she couldn't imagine where came from this bitter and secretive woman, whose false smile no longer inspired her anything. It seemed so unfair because she had not forgotten and it was unlikely possible to ever forget. She had not been given such a blessing. Over five hundred years had passed, but it seemed to her everything happened just the other day. She whipped down the stairs without leaving anyone or anything to stand in her way, being aware of the whisperings started by her breakthrough and closed herself within her lodge. She lay on the bed and stared at the wooden ceiling, recalling. For how many times, now? She had lost the count. Mae tollen na mâr. - Welcome home. Na vedui athelich ammen. - At last you return to us. Pith dîn saem! - His words are poison! Hebo han thurin, hebo han mi mand. - Keep it secret, keep it safe. Celaid len tegithar na mar. - Lights will guide you home! Gen archon adar, edraith enni. - Please, father, save me. Natho ech! - Save yourself! Farn! Teliach na naur! - Enough! You' re playing with fire!