"Peter, Kurt, and Logan. They appeared at Weathertop when we were attacked by the Nazgul; they helped us drive them off. But Logan has been stabbed with a Morgul blade, he needs medicine quickly." "There is no time," said the woman. "The nine have been spotted; they are freshly mounted and gaining on you even as we speak. I must take Frodo here to Rivendell." "No!" shouted Frodo. "I will not leave my friends in danger!" The woman looked down at the hobbit. "Did it not occur, little one, that it is because of you that your friends are dangers." Frodo winced, but then said, "I won't leave Logan here; if it weren't for him I might have been stabbed instead." Logan took his arms off of Kurt and Peter's shoulders and stepped forward. "I'm well enough," he said through gritted teeth. "I can ride one of those things, let me follow you to this Rivendell place on one." "Very well. Glorfindal," the woman said to her companion, "give him your horse, I'll take Frodo." The young man nodded and stepped off of his mount. Logan suppressed a groan as he took the reigns and climbed onto the horse's back. Seeing Frodo get into the saddle in front of the pointy-eared woman he nodded to her. "Lead the way." She took off in a gallop and Logan followed her. It had been years, decades really, since he had last ridden a horse and with each fall of the hoof the pain at his side seemed to double. This horse, however, seemed more responsive than the usual breed and acted at the slightest touch of heel or pull at the bridle. They had galloped for several miles when Logan heard hoof beats behind him. He looked back and he saw five of the nine shadowy wraiths he'd fought earlier coming after them on huge black chargers. He grit his teeth, ignoring the growing pain, and spurred his horse harder. He and the woman had just crossed a shallow stream when the woman stopped her horse and turned. She pulled out a long, curved looking sword and held it high above her head. She slowly chanted in that strange language she spoke with Strider earlier. "Lady!" Logan cried out; he'd stopped his own horse and trotted up to her. The wraiths were coming, getting closer and closer. "Lady, you can't fight those things all by yourself!" The woman simply ignored him but kept speaking,as the wraiths came closer and closer, until the reached the middle of the stream-. And a great wave came crashing down, sweeping the wraiths and their horses away. Logan just stood there, his jaw wide open. He'd seen many strange things in his long life but this- Maybe that Moses guy did the same thing when he parted the Red Sea, he thought, recalling his childhood when he actually believed. "Come," the woman said."We have to get to Rivendell quickly." She spurred her horse and Logan followed after her. They had just come to the edges of wide valley filled with trees when Logan felt the pain return-he had completely forgotten it when the wave swept away the wraiths-and his eyes grew blurry. The reins fell from his hands and with a final groan he fell from the saddle. Daylight crept through Logan's eyelids and slowly he opened them. At first he thought he was back in his room at the Xavier Institute, but then saw everything had a strange ethereal look to it. And sitting right beside the bed was Kurt, dressed in what looked like some Renaissance fair garb, holding a rosary and murmuring something in Latin. "You're awake." Kurt jumped from his chair and walked out to the door. "Everyone! He's awake!" Peter, who was dressed in a blue and red variety of Kurt's clothes, Strider, the hobbits, that one mysterious lady, a man who looked somewhat like her but looked a little older, and a very old looking man dressed in gray robes came in. Logan thought the last looked something like Magneto without a shave or haircut for a long time but his eyes shined with a merry kindness the X-Men's old enemy lacked. "I was wondering when you would wake up," the man with the pointed ears said. "I am Elrond Half Elven, and you and your friends are my guests." He indicated the others. "You already know Strider, you've met my daughter Arwen, and this," he said indicated to the graybeard, "is Gandalf the Gray." "You fell off your horse and were unconscious," the girl-Arwen-said. "We brought you to this house and to this bed but by the time we came with your medicine, you were completely healed." "Really?" Logan smiled. His healing factor could handle a lot but he'd never felt anything quite as bad as that Morgul blade. "Indeed," added Gandalf. "Even the strongest usually succumb if they are not treated quickly, but somehow, you seem to have recovered fully." "I'm a quick healer," Logan simply shrugged. "Maybe. But nonetheless there is much we have to discuss. We shall have a meeting within seven days, when I will tell you all everything. End of prologue. Okay, how was that? Tell me what you think, because if I don't get any reviews I won't continue with this story. When I thought this up I imagined Logan's healing factor would be able to fight off the effects of a Morgul blade but it would give him a real fight. And his being able to ride a horse-well, when you consider how long he's lived and that he spent most of his early life on the Canadian frontier, it's not that unlikely. And there's another one of our trio from the Marvel Universe who can handel a horse pretty well too because of his background guess which one. And finally, do you think Peter's going to find what he needs to make more web fluid in Rivendell? Because he's gonna need it!