at her brother's side. But she hadn't been to one of those in ages, and all she usually did was sit and glower at anyone who dared to speak to her. She fiddled uncomfortably with the hilt of her sword. One of the hobbits, Merriweather also known as Merry, carried her other sword and her daggers to her, dumping them in an untidy pile at her feet. "There you go!" He said, cheerfully dusting off his hands. "Dinner ought to be ready in a bit." "Thanks." Kaylee muttered, crouching and inspecting her weapons for dents or scratches. The hobbit nodded and walked off to go pester Sam. Kaylee ran her hands over the familiar blades and began sliding them back into their sheaths. "You carry enough knives to outfit an armory." Aaragon observed, walking over to stand casually beside her, a grin on his face. Kaylee glared at him. "I like to be prepared." "Apparently." "Did you have something you wanted to tell me?" Kaylee demanded. "Not really." "Then why are you talking to me?" Now Kaylee remembered why she didn't like being around other people. All the idiotic questions and small talk got on her nerves. "You looked like you needed someone to talk with." Aaragon replied, seemingly oblivious to her glares. "Well, I don't. I'm quite alright by myself." She turned away, hoping he'd take the hint and leave her alone. "Why don't you and your brother get on well?" Aaragon asked suddenly. "We get on fine." Kaylee snapped. "I'm just not suited to stay with the court." She flushed an angry red, embarrassed at having to talk about her brother. Who was Aaragon to ask her these things anyway? Why couldn't he just leave her alone? "Not suited?" Kaylee whipped around to glare at him. "Look, it's none of your business alright? I agreed to come with you to get away from Gondor, and I don't want to talk about it. So just leave me be!" She turned away and walked quickly across the clearing before he could reply. She sat down against a tree and curled her legs under her. When dinner was ready Merry brought her her portion in a metal traveling bowl. Other then that, she was left alone. Occasionally she saw Gandalf or Legolas casting her suspicious glances but she forced herself to ignore them. When the watches were assigned Kaylee volunteered to take one but Gandalf waved her off. "We have a pattern all worked out. Besides, you must be tired after chasing us for two days. You should get some rest." Kaylee nodded and withdrew to her tree. She watched as Legolas and Gandalf exchanged a glance. Gandalf inclined his head towards her and Legolas nodded, taking up a position far enough away from her so as not to be intrusive yet close enough to keep an eye on her. Biromear took the first watch and the others settled down to sleep. Legolas stayed where he was, but shifted into a more comfortable position. Kaylee sighed and got to her feet. Legolas's eyes followed her as she walked over to him and stood with her hands on her hips. "So you're assigned to be my keeper, is that it?" "It might be." He waved for her to sit down. Kaylee scowled but took a spot beside the elf. "What?" "I have been wanting to ask you something..." "Well?" Legolas looked at her and raised an eyebrow. "You say you are not Elven and yet your ears are pointed. And you say you are a noble of Gondor, how can that be?" "None of your business." "Anything pertaining to anyone traveling with Frodo and the Fellowship of the Ring is my business." he replied. "The Fellowship of the Ring?" "Those chosen by the Elven council to protect the Ring and make sure it is destroyed. As you are accompanying us, I must assume that you have become a part of the Fellowship. And so you become my business." Kaylee scowled. "Of course, the Elves would have to stick their noses into this." Legolas glanced at her in mild surprise. "I did not realize you did not like Elves." Kaylee shrugged and sighed. "I'm a half elf, if you must know. My father was Elven. That's one of the reasons my brother and I don't get along. By rights I should be Queen of Gondor, if it hadn't been for my father. My brother's always worried I'm going to lay claim to the crown, as if I'd want it, so we came up with this. I stay away from him, he stays away from me. Except for when I'm absolutely required to be seen at his side. My heritage isn't well known. Most think I gave up the crown in favor of my brother because I was to sickly to handle the stresses of Queen." "People actually believe that?" Legolas asked, incredulously. Kaylee shrugged. "They don't see me much, so it get's by OK. Anyway, I don't like Elves all that much, for obvious reasons." "What happened to your father? Your mother?" "Mother died when Tore was born. Father... I never met. My mother taught me a little Elvish before she died but other then that I've had no contact with any of the 'Fair Race'." "I am sorry." Kaylee gave another shrug. "I get by. I'm happier out here then in the castle anyway." She stood and glared down at the elf. "Now if we're done with the little heart to heart I'd like to get some sleep." "No one's stopping you." Legolas said, leaning back and raising an eyebrow at her. Kaylee scowled and stomped back to her tree. "I should have killed him when I had the chance." She muttered. "Now you wouldn't really want to do that." said Aaragon, sitting down beside her. "Then we would have had to kill you, and that would have been a shame." "What is it with you and leaving me alone?" Kaylee demanded.