right next to the lord of Imladris. "Elrohir needs help." The urgency in the young elf's voice was enough to send Elrond's mind into the first stage of panic, but he was too willful to let it happen just yet. Taking the unconscious form of his son into his own arms, he said curtly: "Come to the healing wing. Both of you." He added, noting the stain of blood at the Glorfindel's arm. And without second glance he started walking, cradling Elrohir in his arms, dreading what his injuries might be. The healers provided them with the room and all the supplies needed, standing aside, knowing far too well, that their lord would treat his son himself. But they were ready to accomplish any errand which Elrond might give them. Elrond sighed heavily, looking at the Elrohir's battered body. Judging by Glorfindel's and Elladan's story, his son was lucky to survive the orc's attack… by getting into the landslide. Valar, did he really done something so horrible in his life, that the powers of Arda were trying to avenge it by punishing his sons? "Elladan…" He started to say, but was interrupted by the younger elf. "I'm going nowhere, father." Elladan's voice was firm. "I'm staying here with Elrohir." "I know better then to try and shoo you away, my son." Elrond sighed with a small smile. "I wanted to ask you tend to Glorfindel's wound. There are enough supplies to treat the small army in this room." Elladan blinked in surprise, but obeyed, deciding that it would provide much needed distraction for his troubled mind. Helping the elder elf to remove his tunic, Elladan flinched at the sight of an ugly cut, guilt resurfacing in his heart. His mouth opened for yet another apology, but Glorfindel's slightly amused voice cut it off. "Do not be sorry for what wasn't your fault, young one." The golden-haired warrior said. "It was my choice to make and therefore my responsibility to hold." Elladan smiled, taking a rag and starting to clean the wound gently. He cursed the orcs again, noticing small bits of rusted metal clinging to the wounded flesh. The elder elf never flinched though, watching the young one's treatment. He had survived the fight with balrog (well, of course technically he hadn't), and it would take more than this scratch to break through his will. He could have cleaned and stitched the wound himself without any problem, but decided to let the younger elf do so. At least this way he would be distracted from his injured twin. Elrond meanwhile was working over his younger son. Well, at least he thought Elrohir to be the younger one. In fact, the twins were looking so much alike, he was sure that they were mixed up at least a couple of times as infants. But it wasn't important at the moment. What did matter, was the fact that Elrohir was injured. He had set his son's arm and ribs, grateful for the elf's unconscious state, and now was working over the wound to his head. Only time would tell if Elrohir had sustained any memory loss or other effect by the blow to his head. Right now all the healer could do was stitching the wound neatly and making sure it wouldn't get infected. The same went for the injury to Elrohir's thigh. "So, how is he?" Elladan asked, coming to stand beside his father. Elrond turned to see Glorfindel at his other side, his arm enveloped in a fresh bandage. The lord of Imladris sighed. "I don't know the seriousness of his head wound. But it appeared that Valar do watch over the two of you. He received no internal injuries." Elladan took a sit in the chair near the bed, taking one of his brother's hands into his as his father resumed treating the wound at Elrohir's thigh. He felt grateful and relieved. They had managed to escape death once again. He wondered how many deadly encounters Valar had in stock for them and why. Yet he knew one thing – Elrohir and he himself would meet those trials together. No matter what happens, they are going to meet their destiny having one another for support. Elrond watched his twin sons with gentle smile. Even by elven standards they were children no more, but unlike the majority of elves, the two of them saved some un-adult sparkle that helped them to coup with problems smiling and laughing. Without them the life would be so much more plain and casual. "I think it's better to live them alone for now." Glorfindel stated, observing the two younger elves. "Go get some rest, my friend. I know you were worried sick for those two reckless troublemakers." "I can use some rest indeed." Elrond replied with a smile playing on his lips. "At least until my sons finds another way to try and get themselves killed." With the last glance inside the room and onto his twin children, Elrond closed the door. With the deep sigh he went to his chambers. Hopefully when he wakes up both Elladan and Elrohir would have all their limbs in place and wouldn't manage to burn or ruin the whole stronghold. Or get caught in another landslide at the other side of Middle Earth, or… Deciding that thoughts like that were not getting well with a peaceful sleep, Elrond shock his head and closed the door to his room. Even without his gift of foresight he could tell that there would be much more troubles to deal with in the years to come. Yet, if he wanted to save his sanity, it would be better to forget them for awhile. For now all that really mattered was the fact that both Elladan and Elrohir were going to be fine. ---The End--- Note: I know that the ending wasn't that good, but I may post a sequel should the idea form itself completely. Anyway, hope you liked the story.