Atkins Diet. Thankfully, I only got a run in the tights, and we continued. When we got there, we met the Lord Celeborn and the Lady Galadriel. While she was telepathying with everybody, Celeborn asked us where Gandalf was. Geesh, he talked so slow, I'm convinced we interrupted his afternoon nap. Well I told him and he looked heartbroken. (Gandalf smuggled Dorwinian into Lorien for Celeborn). Galadriel the told us to go and rest. She seemed to really shake up Frodo and especially Boromir. I wondered if I would be able to sneak a pillow from here in Sam's pack when we left. When we got to our spot, (no proper rooms in Lorien but they do have pillows!) the elves started singing. Merry asked me what they were saying. I really couldn't admit that I had a horrible time understanding High-elven, so I said the grief was too near. Sam spoke a little line about Gandalf's fireworks. He thought it wasn't very good, but I though it worked pretty well 'cause Gimli fell asleep. Much to my glee, Aragorn didn't appreciate the snoring and whacked Gimli a good one. Throughout our stay in Lothlorien, Gimli and I went on many adventures that will never come into stories. Which is fine. They are a tad embarrassing those days. Nothing scandalous really, but our own time and story all the same. But we became true friends after that and nothing could bring us apart. After our month in Lorien was up, we prepared to leave and good old Galadriel met us down the river a bit and met for lunch and gift-giving time. That sweet Lady gave me a new bow. I was absolutely delighted. I really did die or very nearly, when Gimli asked for a strand of Galadriel's hair and Celeborn's expression was completely classic. Then we had to leave Lorien, Galy, and everything else. And… Aragorn found the pillow in Sam's pack, because he thought he had misplaced his darn pipeweed! I am seriously going to toss his pipeweed over a cliff one of these days. So, we started our trip down the Anduin. By the time we had reached the Argonath, I had started stuffing my extra socks in my ears. Gimli was seriously testing my newfound friendship pretty hard. He was talking about Galadriel 24-7 and wouldn't shut up! That darn Aragorn wouldn't let me switch boats. Then I got my moment of glory. We were very near the end of our river boating trip when one of the Nazgúl showed up again. Or should I say flew up. I was totally freaked, you know that kind of feeling when you find out that the Dorwinian is ALL gone and it'll be two days before the next shipment comes in. So anyway, I was freaking but Galy's bow worked like a charm and whatever that thing was I hit, whacked the dirt. Literally. My joy was short lived when I found out about Gollum's following us all the way from Moria. Turns out most everyone knew except Pippin and I. How I missed it I don't know but Pippin was understandable. Gandalf had said something to that effect at Moria. We finally reached our destination of decision and landed on the west bank of the Anduin. Aragorn was supposed to chose Minas Tirith or go to the east side of the river. Poor guy was having a horrible time. Frodo looked a little lost too. I hate cities so I was all for the east side. Frodo disappeared to think about it. An hour and a half later, Boromir shows up looking awfully guilty. Before Aragorn could begin the interrogation, Boromir told us that Frodo had put the Ring on. We completely panicked. I mean scattered in all directions. Gimli and I took off into the woods and to Gimli's joy and my horror, we ran right into a bunch of orcs. Gimli loves fighting but I had just brushed out the dirt under my nails and washed my hands. But there was nothing for it. In the middle of fighting, we suddenly heard the horn of Gondor blow twice and then suddenly stop. However, we were hemmed in on all sides and couldn't get out of there. I was on my last arrow when the orcs just left. Extremely puzzled, I asked Gimli why they had run. "Probably that horrible, stinky rose water you used to use" was his very unnecessary answer. I do NOT use rose water! IT'S LILAC! Since Gimli didn't know the difference between stinkweed and elanor, I couldn't argue the point. Then I realized why Gimli was looking so smug. An orc had slashed my pack and hit the bottle of water. I got so mad that Gimli had to drag me behind a tree when we saw more orcs headed our way. Once they had all passed, we made our way back to where we had heard the horn. We found Aragorn leaning over a very dead Boromir. Number two. I knew I shouldn't have come. Aragorn told us that Merry and Pippin had been taken by the orcs that had attacked us. I felt like crying. After we put Boromir in the boat and sent him down the river, we went back to our camp sight and figured out that Frodo and Sam had gone over to the east bank of the river. We decided that they should go ahead and go solo. Saying goodbye to Rauros and the Anduin, us three started our pursuit or orcs. One last note: Aragorn threw me into the river to rinse off the smell of my lilac water that had spilled. He said any orc could smell me from a league away. It was Gimli's turn to bust his breaches. Moreover, yes, Aragorn was going to be one very sad human when he found all his pipeweed gone. Although I don't think Boromir can smoke anymore, I thought he would like it.