thoughts and he blushed lightly, realising what he had just said. "It is nothing, really…" he started to withdraw, but something in the smaller elf's earnest expression made him continue. "I just wish that, for once, I could enjoy not being in command; that I could take comfort in the fact that someone else is taking responsibility and all I have to do is follow orders." He paused to brush his hair out of his eyes. How unexpected, that he felt able to open up to this stranger whom he had only just met. Perhaps it was because the smaller elf didn't know who he was or perhaps because Melpomaen had just confessed something equally personal to him. Either way, it felt oddly liberating to be able to articulate these feelings that had plagued him for so long. "That probably makes no sense to you, does it?" Melpomaen didn't answer straightaway. He levelled a measuring gaze upon the blonde elf, until Legolas started to feel a little nervous by the appraisal. Dark brown eyes met brilliant blue and all was quiet. Valar! Legolas thought uneasily, what is going on in that head of his? "No. No, I think it makes perfect sense." Melpomaen cocked his head slightly to one side, deep in thought. "But do you think you could accept it – going back to being a subordinate now that you've tasted authority?" The blonde elf cast his gaze skyward. That was a most awkward question to answer! How would he know until it happened? "Duty demands it of me but do we not all deserve a brief respite now and then?" Legolas wasn't sure what happened next. There was a flurry of sudden movement, a flash of grey and brown and black rushing towards him out of the corner of his eye, and he started violently. Belatedly, he tried to bring his arms up to fend off the swift attack, sore muscles protesting, only to stop at the feel of something sharp at his neck. "Don't move," Melpomaen commanded in a low voice. Legolas froze, alarmed, confused and utterly shocked. The smaller elf filled his vision, pushing him firmly against the pillar at his back. He was intensely aware of a knee pressed dangerously into his groin and the point of Melpomaen's quill resting against the tender skin of his throat, the feather softly tickling his chin. "What…?" he croaked, and then stopped as the attempt at speaking caused the quill to dig deeper, marking him with a thin red line. A drop of liquid that could have been either ink or blood slowly trickled down to the collar of his tunic. His assailant wound his free hand into Legolas' unbraided hair and pulled his head back forcefully, fully exposing his throat. Legolas whimpered at the strange fire that seemed to light Melpomaen's eyes and the dark-haired elf smirked. "I have a debt to repay." And then the smaller elf was upon him, capturing his lips in a heated, fervent kiss. Legolas immediately stiffened and tried to draw back, but there was nowhere to go. Trapped between razor-sharp tip and cold, hard stone he had no choice but to capitulate to Melpomaen demands, granting entrance to his mouth. The tongue that darted past his defences tasted of apples and nuts. He groaned softly as Melpomaen's hand clutched the back of his neck, drawing him in deeper, and he drew a shuddering breath to try to calm his reeling mind. In one surreal corner of his mind he noted that Melpomaen smelled of paper and ink, overlying a more personal scent of apples and all things autumnal. Wait… all things autumnal? Where had that come from? The eyes that he had not even realised he'd closed snapped back open. What was he doing, returning this kiss? He tensed again and Melpomaen lurched abruptly backwards, breathing heavily, to retake his seat on the bench. Legolas all but flew to his feet, stumbling a good few paces distance. The two stared at each other: Legolas' flustered and incredulous stare fixed on a rather self-satisfied Melpomaen. "What…" he managed to get out. How dare this… this *Noldo* assault his person like that! As soon as he recovered from his shock, he was certain he'd be very angry! Right now, though, it was all he could do to form a coherent thought. Melpomaen chuckled. "I hope you don't mind. It was all I could think of at the time, and I simply had to repay you. "What?" Legolas found all his usual eloquence deserting him today. "Repay me for what?" "For insulting me, of course. You fulfilled my dreams so I wanted to try and do the same for you - to put you in a position where you had no control, no authority, even if only for a moment. I hope it was enough." Legolas gawked unashamedly at the dark-haired elf. He was mad: utterly and completely mad. At what point exactly had he said 'ravage me by quill-point, please'? He touched his lips, finding them slightly swollen from Melpomaen's less than tender ministrations. I wish that just once I could enjoy not being in command, that I could take comfort in the fact that someone else is taking responsibility and all I have to do is follow orders… His earlier confession reverberated in his mind. This is what Melpomaen tried to accomplish? This was his attempt to take the burdens of duty from him - by assuming command over him? Don't move. The memory of the terse demand sent a shiver up his spine. He'd been completely taken in by this strange elf. He'd seemed so innocent, so obviously harmless – who would have though that such a wicked, sensual catamite simmered below that innocuous surface? Legolas shifted uncomfortably as he unexpectedly found himself growing aroused. His dilated pupils found Melpomaen waiting for his answer. "No," Legolas said with certainty, though his was tone filled with wonder, "it was not enough." -----------------------------------