she liked about him. Boromir was a dark haired, grey eyed man who she didn't get to know very well. He was solitary as well, and even harder to talk to than Frodo was. It seemed like he was too caught up in worrying for his city of Minas Tirith that he would not be bothered by anything. Aragorn. Linore already knew Aragorn well enough. He was a ranger, the heir to the throne of Gondor, and a Dúnedan, among many other things. He also had a love for Elrond's daughter, Arwen. Legolas was probably one of the easiest people to socialize with for Linore. Both had an interest in nature and animals. That was obvious for Legolas, being an Elf who loved living things and having grown up in Mirkwood. They talked often, sometimes sitting in a garden together and talking about Mirkwood or she would tell him about her many adventures. One evening, as they sat in one garden, where Linore was lying on a tree branch that overhung the bench that Legolas was sitting on, she said, "I've never been to Mirkwood. I'd actually like to go there someday. From your descriptions, Legolas, it sounds beautiful." He looked up, and saw her touching one of the leaves that had long since turned colors and was about to join its companions on the leaf-littered ground. "I hope that, after all of this has passed, that I can go back home," he said. Secretly, he was worrying about the journey. The Orcs – not a problem, the Uruk-Hai – not an issue, but Sauron – that was something totally different. "There's no doubt in my mind that you will. You're skilled Legolas. I've not seen anybody that you cannot beat yet. Not even I can," she said, referring to an earlier sparring event between herself and the Elf. Linore stepped onto the stone of the courtyard equipped with her guise, greaves, vambraces and blades equipped. Legolas stepped onto the other end of the courtyard and flipped out his blades. Gimli sat on a bench not too far off. "Kill 'im Linore! Kill 'im!" Linore laughed and turned back to Legolas, who was in a fighting stance. She looked at him seriously and said, "Whenever you're ready." "Lady's first," he said. She jumped foreword quickly toward the blonde Elf and drew both of her swords in her usual way. She reached across her body with her left hand and placed it on the hilt behind her right shoulder. Her other hand immediately went to her left hip and grabbed the hilt there. She drew them both, almost simultaneously, bringing her right arm across first and then bringing her left arm down. Legolas countered by swinging one of the twin swords down to the right and the other up and slightly to the left. They continued to take jabs at each other with their swords, each countering well and dodging most of the time. There were a few hits placed on vambraces, but nothing serious. They weren't trying to kill each other, no matter how much Gimli hated Legolas. The final counter came from Legolas. As she came down with one sword and kept the other back for a block, he moved one of his swords up. She wasn't fast enough, and he had a sword at her throat in seconds. He laughed, "Aha, but you know that I have more experience than you do. Being around for so many years has it's benefits." "Yes, old man," she said, humor poured into her voice, and she couldn't help but laugh. Gimli, who wasn't too far away began to chuckle as well. Two months passed quickly, and soon they were at the gates of Rivendell once more. The day was quite foggy, and slightly cold in the early morning, but, as the day wore on, the sunlight broke the clouds, and began to warm the surroundings of the group waiting to leave Rivendell. Linore made last minute checks, making sure she had not forgotten anything. Her guise was pulled on over her shirt, and she had her gloves on, just in case it got any colder, which it would on the open plains, even if the sun shone. Her vambraces were pulled over her gloves and her greaves were already situated on her shins. Legolas walked quietly down the steps, striding over to the group that had gathered at the gates. "Have everything?" Linore whispered to the Elf. "I think we are all ready to go. We just have to wait for Frodo and Aragorn I believe." A few moments later, the whole Fellowship was present. Elrond and a whole congregation of Elves stood before them. "The Ring Bearer is setting out on the quest for Mount Doom. And you, who travel with him, no oath nor bond is laid to go further than you will. Farewell. Hold to your purpose, and may the blessings of Elves, and Men, and all free folk go with you." Linore stood still, holding the reins of her dark horse, which held supplies just like Bill, the pony, did, and only turned her head to look at Frodo. They would be following him out of Rivendell, and it was he who would take the first step towards Mordor. "Mordor, Gandalf? Is it left or right?" Frodo asked as he walked out of the gateway and onto the road. "Left," Gandalf replied. And the Fellowship walked, out of the Gates of Rivendell, and took their first steps toward Mordor. AN: How do you like Linore so far? There will be much more of her, I promise. It's kind of hard to put her in the story. ^^' With other things happening all over, it's difficult. Honestly, I thought that I murdered Tolkien for a minute. But a few people who I had review it beforehand said that it was okay. I'm happy with that and am now content to post it up. :) Enjoy the next chapters.