Steward, a Man who seemed like a much older, grimmer, humorless version of Aragorn. Even less did Gimli expect it when he was confined to quarters in the Steward's residence—most comfortable quarters, to be sure, but he was a prisoner all the same! By the time Denethor had finished talking with his elder son, he had convinced his Heir that Boromir's memory of events, being admittedly rather hazy, was flawed in believing that Aragorn had saved Boromir's life. Indeed, was not Aragorn as responsible as the Orcs for Boromir's plight, considering how the former had taken so long to come to the latter's aid, even after Boromir had blown the Horn of Gondor? Denethor concluded that this Aragorn son of Arathorn was in fact a threat to the stability of Gondor, and in a way they were right. They opposed his claim to the kingship. Faramir the younger son of the Steward, and certain members of Gondor's Council did not agree. The result was civil war. With the War of the Ring also going on, it was too much for Gondor. The kingdom collapsed, her people scattered and broken. Gondor was destroyed, her greatness living on only in memory. ~ooo0ooo~ Dain Ironfoot listened to his counselors who told him that it was not their fight, and so the Dwarves of the Iron Mountain did not march to Erebor. King Brand and the Men of Dale fought alone. They were valiant, but it was not enough. Their defenses fell, the Gate of Erebor was broken, and Sauron's hordes swept through, killing and destroying all in their path. Even Rivendell was besieged…. "Daughter, you must go," Lord Elrond commanded. "Father, no! How can I leave you?" "Glorfindel and I, and all others who can fight, will hold off the Enemy for so long as we can," Elrond said. "You must take the other women, and all those who are not warriors, and leave at once! Lead them to the Havens, Arwen, and take ship there!" Seeing as how she meant to object again, Elrond embraced his daughter, then held her at arm's length, looking at her fiercely. "Your brothers have already fallen—at least one of my children must go West to tell your mother of our fates!" Tears streaming down her face, Arwen kissed her father farewell. Imladris was indeed destroyed, though Elrond, Glorfindel, and other Elf-warriors fell in its defense. Arwen obeyed her father's command, and through her efforts she and a remnant of the folk of Rivendell were able to make it to Cirdan at the Havens and take sail for Valinor. It was a victory of a sort, for by her courage and that of her father's at least some Elves were saved from slavery, torment, and death. But her love for Aragorn son of Arathorn was never more than a memory. He became King of Gondor, but Arwen was never that land's Queen; and while thanks to their new King's efforts Gondor and its people did survive, they did not prosper much. He did not put forth the effort necessary to reclaim all of the land that had once belonged to the heirs of Elendil. He was a just king, but in his time, rather like that of Denethor who was Steward before him, he became grim, and maintained the land rather than encouraged it to thrive. The remains of the tree in the courtyard at Minas Tirith rotted away, the last of its kind. And when King Elessar died, the kingship died with him, for he never married, and thus left no heir. ~ooo0ooo~ She is radiant, the people of Minas Tirith said to each other, speaking of their new Queen. They all cheered when the King and Queen kissed each other. Women wept with joy, men applauded, children danced in the streets in delight. "No niggard are you, Eomer," King Elessar said, "to give thus to Gondor the fairest thing in your realm!" Queen Eowyn laughed and blushed at that, her blue eyes like stars as she gazed at her new husband. Eomer, newly-crowned King of Rohan, was pleased by the happiness on his sister's face, and indeed could hardly have been happier himself, for he loved the Lord Aragorn as a brother. He could think of no finer man for his sister to marry, and this marriage would make Rohan and Gondor closer allies than ever before. He lifted his cup in a toast. "To the new King and Queen of Gondor! Long may they live and reign!" "Long may they live and reign!" the wedding guests echoed, raising their own cups. Only Gandalf noticed how Aragorn's smile for his new wife seemed more dutiful than loving. When the Lady Arwen sailed for the West, she left Aragorn bereft, Gandalf thought, even as he smiled and lifted his cup to the new couple. As he drank, he thought; But a King must have a Queen, for a King must have an heir. Certainly Aragorn could do far worse than have the Lady Eowyn, brave shieldmaiden and sister of the new King of Rohan, as a wife. Especially as she is devoted to him! I just hope she never realizes that she was Aragorn's second choice. I fear he will never love her as he loved Arwen. As Gandalf put down his cup, he noticed the look on the face of the King's Steward. Faramir was looking at the Queen as if there was no one else present, and just for a moment, absolute love and devotion—and a great deal of wistful sadness—showed on his face. Gandalf felt his heart lurch. Oh, no…. A moment later, with a faint sigh, the wizard allowed his cup to be refilled and smiled deliberately at the other guests as he raised it to his lips once more. Alas for Denethor's son! It seems you are doomed always to be second in the affection of those you love. Ah, well, there are some things that even a wizard cannot remedy.