looked up at the sky through the trees. It was now only noon; she had plenty of time to get back to the palace before anyone noticed her absence. Quickening her step, she found the clearing within a few minutes. Her eyes lighted in joy as they came to rest upon the multitude of many-colored flowers. She quickly gathered a few of each kind—short and long, purple and gold, dark and pale; and her favorite, the tall, slim nimerloth with the elegant white petals and fresh green stems. Isilendiel carefully tucked the fragile blossoms into the fold of her dress, standing and turning to go. She stood still a moment, however, when she suddenly became aware of the heaviness in the air. She could almost hear a whispered warning among the leaves, and when she turned about again, what she saw made her scream. ………… Legolas suppressed a smile as the trees seemed to wave a greeting. The patrol had gone easier than anticipated, and he and his few companions were returning home a day early. The small company halted only an hour's walk from the palace to let their horses rest, for they had been pushing them hard. As Legolas gazed about at his surroundings, he thought they seemed strangely familiar. He had been through this part of the forest before, but it felt as though he should know from somewhere else. But the more he thought about it, the more it slipped away. "Rosdîm," he called to his second in command. "Stay here. I shall be back shortly." He disappeared through the trees before the other could say anything. All seemed normal at first until what few birds there were gradually hushed their singing and the trees halted their movements. An oppressive heaviness hung in the air, as if the entire forest were waiting for something. Legolas's heart constricted painfully as he suddenly realized what was about to happen. He had her name on his lips as her scream rang through the trees, and he ran as fast as he could in the direction it came from. He could already hear sounds of a scuffle and the terrifying shrieks of delight from Orcs. He burst upon the small clearing, but was struck immobile by the sight of a dozen Orcs attacking Isilendiel. Her bright green dress was torn and she was bleeding from several minor wounds. She saw Legolas run up and turned to him in desperation, screaming his name. The Orcs, now also noticing Legolas, drew their weapons, and one, the apparent leader, placed his sword to Isilendiel's neck, halting her struggles. Faster than the eye could follow, Legolas had an arrow drawn and pointed at the Orc's head, but he did not fire. "Move, and I'll slash her throat," the Orc snarled. "Now put your weapons down and we won't kill her." "No, Legolas! Do not! You cannot trust the creatures of darkness!" Isilendiel shouted. Legolas hesitated, his mind frozen. He could not believe this was actually happening. Everything so far was exactly as in his dreams. Maybe that was it—maybe this was all just another dream. But he knew that was not true. The hammering of his heart told him that much. He could feel the breeze on his face, could smell the Orcs and blood and flowers. Still he hesitated. He knew what would come about if he dropped his weapons—if the happenings of dreams could be considered fact. But what if he did not? Perhaps they would still kill her. But surely his patrol would arrive soon with aid, then he would know what to do. But looking into the narrowed eyes of the Orc leader, he knew he was out of time. Slowly, Legolas lowered his bow. The Orc grinned in satisfaction, and Legolas noted the way the beast's hand holding the sword to Isilendiel's throat relaxed just slightly. "There's a good El—" The Orc fell dead with Legolas's arrow between his eyes before he could finish. Legolas quickly shot the two Orcs closest to Isilendiel before the rest of them were upon him. The Elf unsheathed his long white knives and brought them against the dark creatures as Isilendiel merely tried to stay out of the way. Suddenly more Elves appeared with bows drawn and within a few seconds every Orc lay dead. The first thing Legolas did was rush forward to grab Isilendiel in a tight embrace, and he could feel her trembling. He held her at arm's length, quickly checking her over for any serious injury. "Are you alright?" "Oh, yes, yes. I am fine. Just scratches," she quickly assured. "What were you doing out here in the first place? You promised me you would stay in the palace exactly so this would not happen!" Legolas fairly shouted, worry making his voice harsher than intended. Isilendiel smiled shakily, beginning to realize exactly how close she had come to death. "I guess you cannot change fate." Legolas again pulled her against him, relishing the feel of her soft breath against his neck. "Yes, you can." She was still alive, was she not? Immense relief swept over him at this thought, and he felt tears well up. "Rosdîm, bring the horses," Legolas ordered, and led his mother out of the clearing with an arm around her shoulders. He halted, however, as something on the ground caught his eye. He shuddered and quickly turned away. There was blood on the nimerloth . The End. I do so hope you liked it. (I'm personally not very happy with it.) Here we have the little cameo of Rosdîm, a friend of Legolas, and Arion, Legolas's best friend, who are in several of my (so far unpublished) other stories. And Isilendiel too! I actually have a funny story about her name, but I won't bother posting it here. But to read it, and about some of the other characters and more info on upcoming fics, just check my LiveJournal. (link in my bio.) Please review!