Eilian lightly on the back of the head. "Show some respect, or I might have to tell Naneth about the boat rides." Eilian gasped and got hold of himself. They all waded to shore. Ithilden stripped his tunic off and wrung it out as he watched the elflings mutter among themselves and get the boat ready to be launched. Was he really going to let them ride this decrepit looking boat down the rapids? He probably should stop them, and yet he had to admit he could see why they wanted to do it. The three of them straightened and turned toward him. "Two of us usually go at a time, and it is my turn and Celuwen's," Eilian said. "But you did so much work, we think you should go first." "You could go with Eilian," Celuwen offered. "I can wait and go with Gelmir after we try out the waterwheel and drag the boat back up." Eilian's face was closed and cautious, but Ithilden saw his hands opening and closing by his sides. Eilian was uncertain how the offer would be received, Ithilden realized, and was suddenly more touched than he could say. "I would be honored," he said. There was a second of silence, and then Eilian grinned. "Yes!" he whooped. He turned to shove the boat into the water at the river's edge. He climbed in and grabbed a paddle. "Come on!" Ithilden flung his sodden tunic to the ground and ran to swing himself into the stern. The little boat rocked wildly, then settled down as Gelmir and Celuwen shoved them off. Ithilden seized the second paddle. Eilian was already paddling madly. "We need to get into the middle," he called back over his shoulder. Ithilden dug his paddle in, fighting the sideways drag of the river, propelling them rapidly forward and then steering them into the narrow channel toward which Eilian pointed. He held them in place until the current shoved the prow downstream. Eilian glanced back over his shoulder, his eyes gleaming, his mouth curved in a wide grin. Then he turned forward again and gave a high cry as the river hurled them into the rapids. A rock loomed on Ithilden's right. He clutched his paddle so tightly his hands hurt and shoved it at the rock. The rock flew past in a blur of water and speed. The boat bucked under him, bouncing along on the rolling, surging water. Another rock leapt at him from the left, and he fended it off with the paddle. Ahead of him, Eilian whooped again, wielding his paddle with the skill of long practice. The river washed over both of them, and then, suddenly, they were in the broad, slower water below the rapids. Eilian threw back his head and laughed. "That was terrific! Did you not think so?" And to Ithilden's utter astonishment, he found he agreed. "It was!" Together, they paddled to the southern shore and pulled the boat onto the little beach. Gelmir and Celuwen ran up. "Did you like it?" Celuwen asked with a grin. "I did," Ithilden admitted. "Now we can try the waterwheel," Gelmir said. He grabbed the rope from the back of the boat and ran toward the head of the rapids, playing the rope out as he went. "Wait until I tell you to push it back into the water," he called over his shoulder. Celuwen ran with him. Eilian and Ithilden waited. "Now," came Gelmir's voice, muffled by the sound of the rushing water. They pushed the boat into the river and ran along the shore watching it bang and bounce its way up the rapids. "That does not look good," Eilian said. "No," Ithilden agreed. They ran ahead to where Gelmir and Celuwen stood on the shore watching the waterwheel. Ithilden saw at once that the battle between the wheel and the river was an uneven one. Gelmir had hitched the rope to peg on one of the wheel's spokes, and the rope was being wound around the axis. But the wheel strained at its task. It wobbled and, as Ithilden watched, the whole tilting, whirling device shuddered. With a loud crack, the spoke to which the rope was hitched ripped out of the wheel. The wheel shattered, sending bits flying in all directions. "Watch out!" Ithilden cried, but the warning was unnecessary. The elflings had already dived for cover. He flung himself onto this stomach next to his brother and put a hand over Eilian's head. After a moment, the shower of wooden parts stopped. Ithilden cautiously lifted his head. Even the pole had snapped off, and the boat had disappeared down the river. A bucket floated in the shallows on the water's edge. He rose to his knees. The elflings all scrambled to their feet and ran to get a better look at what had happened to their wheel. Ithilden sank back onto his haunches and tried to think of comforting words to offer them. Suddenly, Eilian gave a great peal of laughter. Before Ithilden grasped what he heard, the other two had burst out laughing too. "Did you see that?" Eilian demanded. "That was great!" He looked around at Ithilden. "Have you ever seen anything like that?" Ithilden looked at the pure joy in his little brother's face and could not help smiling back at him. "No, I cannot say that I have." He had never seen anything like the exploding waterwheel, and it had been a long time since he had done anything as enlivening as the ride down the rapids. Most of all, it had been a long time since he had shared a moment like this with Eilian. He rose, walked to where the elflings stood, and mussed his little brother's hair. Still laughing, Eilian ducked away. "Thank you for a good afternoon, Eilian," Ithilden said. "I will have to tell Naneth she was right. Even hard-working tilting-whirling-wheel inspectors need to relax and have fun once in a while."