table. "Are you arguing with me?" Eilian suppressed a sigh. How many times could he answer that question in one day? "No, Adar. I just do not see why it cannot wait until tomorrow." "It cannot wait because you agree to be responsible for doing it, and carrying out that responsibility is more important than any plans you might have." Eilian glanced at his mother. Sometimes she intervened if she thought his father was being too hard, but all she did now was watch him with grave attention. He grimaced. "I will take the message tonight." "Thank you, Eilian," his mother said. His father had opened his mouth to speak, but now looked at her from under lowered lids, and ate a forkful of venison instead. Her mouth curved in a secretive smile Eilian had never seen her give anyone but his father. Ithilden said, "The stablemaster tells me your mare's foot is healing well, Naneth." "It is." She turned to him with eager warmth. "I should be able to ride her in another day or two." Eilian slid a fried mushroom around his plate. Belówen lived in the opposite direction from where Elves would gather to sing and harp along the river. He popped the mushroom into his mouth. That was all right. He would simply have to hurry. He really should have remembered the message earlier anyway. Eilian strode along the riverside path, scanning the sheltered spots among the trees for his friends. Music flowed over him as he passed groups of Elves out enjoying the summer night. As always, Eilian was amused by the way the groups all blithely sang or played different songs. Somehow, the songs seemed to bend at the edges to accommodate one another, with the trees and even the river adding strands to the woven fabric of the music. "Over here, Eilian," Gelmir's voice called, and Eilian spotted a small knot of young people lounging on blankets beneath a friendly maple. He climbed a slight hill to join them. Gelmir sat cross-legged next to Celuwen. Fendîr leaned against the maple on Celuwen's other side, and next to him, sat Alfirin, her legs tucked demurely under her. She looked nearly as surprised to find herself among them as Eilian was to see her there. "You are late," Gelmir said. "I had an errand to run." Eilian dropped to the ground next to Alfirin and smiled at her. "I hope I am not too late to hear the best music." Alfirin tugged her skirt away from him, as if she were afraid he would somehow catch it and use it to pin her down. Her mouth gathered in a prim little rosebud that made Eilian itch to coax it open. "I believe the music usually goes on most of the night," she said. Fendîr grinned at Eilian over her head. Eilian tried again. "Celuwen says you are a weaver." Her shoulders relaxed by the width of an eyelash. "I am." She hesitated. "Did she tell you I am working on a wall hanging of an ear of lembas grain?" "She did. It must be a challenging subject." She actually leaned a little toward him. "It is, but I have some beautiful golden-brown thread that is just the color of the grain." Her eyes widened in her enthusiasm. Celuwen rose abruptly. "Gelmir and I are going to walk a little in that direction." She pointed vaguely. "Someone is playing a harp." Gelmir snapped his mouth shut and hastily got to his feet. "We will be back." "No need to hurry," Eilian said. Gelmir laughed and trotted after Celuwen, who had not waited for him. "Fendîr," Eilian said, "did you not tell me you and Gîl-Garion were playing Danger in the Dark tonight?" "I do not think so." Fendîr wriggled, settling himself more comfortably. "You must be mistaken." Eilian suppressed a desire to grab Fendîr's ankle and drag him down the hill to the river. Alfirin did not strike him as the kind of maiden who would be impressed by that. "Are you sure? If Gîl-Garion is hiding somewhere, waiting for you, then it would be unfair of you not to play your part." Eilian bent forward to look around Alfirin at Fendîr. "I know you would never want to play a game unfairly." Fendîr's teeth flashed white in the darkness. "You know me, Eilian. "I always play fair, but I see no reason to give the game away." Eyes narrowed, Alfirin looked from Eilian to Fendîr and back again. Eilian swallowed the words trembling on his tongue and smiled at her. He would let the music soothe her for a while, he decided. Fendîr obviously had no intention of moving, and Eilian would not help his own cause by making Alfirin more wary. He stretched out on his elbow, watching her from the corner of his eye and letting his thoughts drift. Unfortunately, the first image that swam to the surface of his mind was Maldor's scowling face, followed closely by the stiffening of Thranduil's back when he learned Eilian had forgotten to deliver his mother's message. Eilian sighed and rolled onto his back with one arm flung over his eyes. What point was there to prodding at the soreness still lingering from his father's and Maldor's disapproval? A sweet soprano rose from beside him, as Alfirin joined in a song. Eilian lowered his arm and gazed up through the lace of leaves at the stars, thick as winter snowflakes in the night sky. She had a sweet, true voice. He turned on his side to face her and began to sing a counterpoint. She glanced at him, her mouth still rounded in an O as she held a note, but her eyes softening into a smile. He smiled as well as he could while continuing to sing too. Approval could come from pretty maids as well as parents and masters, and Eilian had found that feminine approval could spread balm on many a wound. TBC