to kill her, but couldn't stand to watch his sister die..." Haldir thought out loud. Adriél laughed and they looked at her to find Zoríen behind her with a sword to her throat. "He told you I am his sister?" She laughed more. "Silence..." Zoríen snapped in a low tone. Which surprisingly she listened, but with the glint in her eye it was obvious she wasn't being obedient just difficult because now all were looking at her in fact Haldir wanted her to talk. "Drop your weapon..." Haldir commanded her clearly wanting to approach her but nervous about doing so while she held her sword. "Forgive me for not dropping it to the ground, I'd rather place it there nicely the sword itself has not done you nor me any harm why punish it?" Adriél replied slowly placing the sword on the ground at her feet. Now Haldir approached her boldly, "What did you mean by your previous statement?" "That I do not wish to harm my weapon..." Adriél looked at him stupidly..."Was I not clear?" " Don't toy with me wench...I have half the mind to slaughter you now!" Haldir growled in a voice so vicious that though Boromir didn't understand what was said...he visibly flinched at the mere tone. "You will not speak to her in that tone master elf...in fact why don't you lay down your weapon also?" Boromir said sternly. "Why don't you stay out of affairs that do not concern you?" Haldir demanded. "You are in the city of Gondor! Have you forgotten? IT IS my business because it goes on in the white walls of this city!" Boromir all but yelled. "Then..." Haldir said quietly again, "Tie her to a horse Zoríen we will take her to Rivendell..." Then several wrong moves were made...Boromir drew his sword and put it to Haldir's neck...Aragorn put his sword to Boromir's neck Faramir drew his sword to defend his brother...Cienél aimed his bow at Faramir . It got worse, Adriél did a tuck and roll and grabbed her sword and rolled to the other side of Zoríen placing him in between her in the others, but she resheathed her sword. "Everyone calm themselves!" Gandalf commanded, "Let's go in order shall we? Boromir please lower your weapon..." Boromir looked at the old wizard a minute... "DO NOT MAKE ME FORCE YOU!" Gandalf yelled loudly the sky grew dark and a wind picked up at the sound of his voice, but when he finished that sentence all went away again. Needless to say all dropped their weapons save for Zoríen. Adriél had stepped up very close to his sword in fact that tip was touching her neck. "Come on kill me...you're the only one I'll let kill me..." His hand wavered. "Just come with us that's all we ask..." Zoríen replied. "Don't be weak... Kill me do it, Come on I know you want to you've killed before your a hunter...KILL ME ," Insisted but Zoríen's hand shook more. " Do it...Kill her...she's giving you a chance...do not let it go..." Cienél agreed. Zoríen's hand shook further in fact so much that he dropped his sword and turned his back to her his jaw clamped shut. She sighed and strolled up behind him, she stood on her tip toes so she could rest her chin on his shoulder..."You are weak Zoríen...not even worth killing..." she said in a whisper, that was loud enough for all to hear. She took three steps back and muttered some words in a very ancient form of Elven most don't even know, but roughly translated say, " Darkened shadows where I stay...Will hide me now in broad of day." As stated, a dark cloud stemming from the shadows and that was about shadow colored, surrounded her and swallowed her up...then she was gone. Gandalf sighed heavily, "Let us go...We will find nothing more of her here..." No one protested that much, all mounted there horse save for Zoríen who'd yet to move. "Come!" Haldir commanded him..."We will have much to talk about later..." Legolas's horse followed the group as they galloped from Gondor leaving the brothers behind. Séraméla lay sound asleep her garments changed to something clean much like what she had been wearing before but it was two pieces. Her wounds were healed at least on the outside, but she was still weak from blood loss. The full moon shone through the window illuminating her but the rest of her room was dark. In the shadows, a figure move swiftly toward her, with a sword raised...the black metal gleamed in the moonlight as she brought it down to take off her head... Séraméla's eyes snapped open...she gasped for a breath her eyes darted from side to side...and she was covered in a cold sweat. "Are you all right?" came a familiar voice. "Arwen?" she said squinting her eyes into the shadows to make out her figure, another figure stood behind her..."Arwen you are not alone...look out..." her voice was almost paranoid. Arwen looked behind her and smiled a bit urging the figure to come forward with her into the light. "We had to convince Legolas to leave your side, He was worried about you...He is a good friend..." Arwen said as the figure stepped in to the light revealing him to be Aragorn. "Yes he is..." Séraméla nodded, but she still looked troubled her eyes searched every dark corner of the room. "Are you all right?" Aragorn asked repeating the question Arwen had asked earlier. "Yes I am find...just a bad dream I guess..." she replied. Arwen smiled at her, "She cannot get to you in the House of Elrond...Sleep now...Have peace in your dreams..." Arwen turned to leave but Aragorn knelt by her bed..."This should not have happened...I am very sorry that it did...I should have..." She cut him off, "Aragorn you cannot blame yourself I was there on my own accord..." Aragorn sighed, "I will not let it happen again...now sleep..."