need. I, nay we are indebted to you; my forgiveness is yours, though I cannot fathom why you need it." In reply, Thranduil swept his left hand toward a side entrance where Legolas was standing, holding Laurelin in his arms. As the prince walked forward, the king spoke again. "The forgiveness I ask is in for delaying your reunion with your daughter." They stood staring at the child in the arms of the prince, unable to move or speak. Laurelin was facing forward, chewing on the head of her cloth doll, completely unaware of her parents or the gathering in general. At last her mother found her voice. "It cannot be…" "I found the child in the forest a little over a month ago," Legolas said as he stepped closer. "Ralnor has been fostering her with his wife; you spoke of your child to him and mentioned she shares your crescent moon birthmark. This child has a crescent moon on her back." The mother reached for the child. "Gilraen?" The baby looked up at the woman and studied the face before her, then looked at the king who gave her a warm smile. "Go on, little orc." Legolas handed the baby to Ivorwen who started crying as she clutched the child to her chest. Dirhael wiped his eyes and embraced the both of them and didn't let go until Gilraen started to fuss. He then turned to the prince and the king, placed his right on his heart and bowed his head, even bending slightly at the waist. "My lords, I would forgive you till the end of the age and beyond if it meant I would have my joy returned. Hannon le is inadequate, but my thanks and joy runs to the very foundation of Arda." -o0o- One Hundred Eleven Years Later Arphen approached the throne and gave a small bow. "My lords, a ranger has come with the creature Mithrandir spoke of." "I shall meet him, Ada," Legolas said as he rose from his seat. "We shall go together," the king replied. "Mithrandir said he was to be delivered into my hand." They could smell the captive well before they reached the gates and grimaced as Arphen opened them. Huddled before them was a pile of bones covered in greyish skin pulled taut. The creature was bound and gagged, the lead held by a ranger of the North. "Mae govannen, Thranduil o Mirkwood," he said in a quiet but gruff voice and bowed. "Mithrandir asked that I bring the creature Gollum to you once found." The king gave a disdainful sniff at the creature, then raised a hand to call forth a guard. "Take the filthy creature to the dungeon, and send word to the wizard that he is here." The guard nodded and took the rope from the man and had to drag the whimpering creature away as it fought against his new captor. Once he was gone, the ranger took a deep breath and exhaled with a small smile. "That was the cleanest breath of air I have taken in more than a month." The corners of the king's mouth showed the barest hint of a smile. "Only for Mithrandir would I do this; he must hold you in high esteem…." he trailed off, waiting for the ranger to give his name. "I am called Strider." The elves exchanged a brief glance before each gave a slight nod of their head. Then the king turned to go. "My son Legolas will see that you have a comfortable place to sleep this night." Man and elf stood and stared at each other for a moment before the woodland prince spoke. "Mae govannen, Aragorn Arathornion." Strider grasped the pommel of his sword and Legolas held up his hand. "Peace Strider. Lord Elrond felt the woodland realm should be kept abreast of Middle Earth's future, as it is one we all share. Your secret is safe." He let go of his sword and gave a nod. "Geheno nin, Legolas Thranduilion." "Come, I shall show you to your chamber. But first, I have something you may like to see," Legolas said, leading the ranger into the halls, stopping in a small parlor. "Wait here, I shall return in a moment. Arphen will bring you something to eat and drink." Aragorn paced as he ate some of the best bread and cheese he'd had since his last stay at Imladris. As he drained his wine goblet, Legolas returned and bade him sit. "There is one other reason Lord Elrond told us of your lineage," Legolas said and produced a small dagger from behind his back, "knowing that the son of Laurelin-Gilraen would hold a special place in our hearts." The ranger took the dagger and stared at it in wonder, turning it over several times before looking up at the prince, eyes wide. "This is a blade of Numenor, from the house of Isildur. I carry its twin." He pulled an identical blade from his belt. "Tradition says the sister-blade is carried by the protector of Laurelin of the Woodland Realm… But I thought it was just a story." "It is," the prince replied, "one we sing of on occasion. I was that protector for a short time, and if ever you are in need, I shall be once more." Gilraen's son slid the blade back in its sheath and reverently handed it back to the prince. "She would have appreciated that," he said, his eyes gathering a mist of tears. "And if my mother's faerie tales of you hold true, then I would be glad of it as well." Legolas took the dagger and clasped Aragorn on the shoulder. "Come, let us dine on good food and memories, mellon nin. And know that until time itself winds down, you have the friendship and the bow of Legolas Greenleaf, Prince of Mirkwood and finder of the little orc who would give birth to the King of the Restored Realm." The End