ahead of her more closing as she was dragged up the stairs and into the Golden Hall of Edoras. Then she realized who he was, it was Gamling. He looked nearly identical to the actor that portrayed him in the movie and her heart rate increased even more. 'This can't be happening.' As they stepped inside Lilly took a sharp breath sitting in a chair next to the throne, reviewing a piece of parchment was an older man with sleeked blonde hair and a stern face. Lilly whimpered slightly as she was thrown onto the stone floor in front of the man. "What is the meaning of this? It is not even two hours after the dawn!" the man exclaimed in voice that struck fear into Lilly. She looked up at the man and he glared at her. Gamling stepped forth. "The villagers called out when she appeared from no where, milord. She is dressed oddly and one villager claimed her to be a witch," Gamling said as he gave her a skeptical look. Lilly shook her head. She didn't know what to say, she was too afraid. The man was not Grima Wormtounge, she knew that and there was no king in the throne. "Since King Eomer is not set to return from King Elessar's coronation for a month, you should be the one to question and press judgment against her." ' Okay, Eomer is king of Rohan and Aragorn was just crowned king. The war is over so nothing to worry about there,' Lilly thought to herself as she was studied by the man she figured to be Lord Roryn. "Tell me, are you a witch?" Roryn asked. Lilly shook her head and thought it best to try and speak as they did. "No milord. I do not know how I have come here. I –" Lilly was cut off when Roryn stood and walked in front of her. "Silence!" he screamed. Lilly jumped and sat back on her feet raising her hands to cover her face. Gamling went to step over to them but stopped. "What is your business in Edoras?" Lilly shook her head. "I have no business in Edoras. I don't know I got here. I-" Lilly was silenced this time by a hand across her face. She raised her left hand to her left cheek and held it there. She felt her eyes water. Lilly looked up at the man with a shocked and hurt look on her face. Roryn picked her up by her shoulders and shook her. "How did you appear from no where! What are you?" he screamed in her face. "I am mortal. I do not know how I appeared here!" Lilly screamed back and he slapped her once more. Lilly could no longer hold her tears back and began to cry. Roryn threw her hard on the floor and she curled her body up into a ball and sobbed. Gamling and the two other guards looked on in shock. King Eomer would never allow treatment such as that and certainly not on a woman. "Take her to the dungeons! Give her no food or water until she gives us the truth and show her no mercy." Roryn said as he stormed from the Golden Hall. Lilly was still sobbing as the two guards carefully picked her up from the floor and dragged her to the dungeons. As the entered the cold dark cellar like area Lilly looked at Gamling. "Please, I mean no harm. I don't know how I got here. I will leave your land and never return if you just let me go. I swear to it on my life, please," Lilly begged. She did not want to be left alone in the dark and cold. Gamling looked at her pleading eyes and his heart tore. She was so frightened but there was nothing that could be done until King Eomer returned. Lord Roryn out ranked him as the king's advisor and he had no choice but to follow his orders. Gamling shook his head sadly at her. "I'm sorry milady. There is nothing I can do. The only one that can over rule Lord Roryn's orders is King Eomer and he will not be back for some time," Gamling said to her. More tears cascaded down her cheeks and Gamling noticed the redness of her left cheek and he knew she would develop a slight bruise from Lord Roryn's hand. Gamling watched as the hope left her eyes and was replaced by fear and sadness. Gamling opened the door and the two guards placed her inside. He closed the door, looked at her and sighed. "What is your name, milady?" Lilly raised her eyes to meet his. "Lillyana Harper but, please call me Lilly," she said so quietly that Gamling hardly heard it. It was if what little spirit she had, was lost the moment he told her there was nothing he could do. He bowed his head to her and left the corridor. Gamling sighed as he looked at the two other guards. "Gamling, what should we do? I do not believe she speaks lies. The king will not be pleased when he hears of Roryn's treatment of the woman," the guard said. Gamling nodded his head in agreement. "You are correct, Gaellyn. However, we can do nothing until he returns. I will ensure that she does receive some food and water. I will come during the night with some bread and water for her but do not let anyone know. The three of us shall take turns guarding the dungeons at night. I would not trust the other guards with this charge," Gamling said. The other two guards nodded their heads in agreement. Gaellyn opened the door to the dungeons corridor and when he did they heard sobs coming from the dungeon corridor. He closed his eyes and looked at the other two shaking his head before he went to sit inside the corridor.