of the newly arrived elves scanned the room, then snapped his fingers and sent the other two outside. He began speaking to Ithilden in his own language. "Speak Common, Todith," Ithilden snapped. "It is rude to speak a language one of those present does not understand." Alitha blinked. Perhaps she was meant to hear this. She would have to ignore the baby for a moment or two and listen. That should be all right. She could touch the baby the whole time, so if something happened to him while she looked away, she'd know. "We counted fourteen of them," Todith was saying. "Five are dead, and we have seized the rest. I believe two more are likely to die from their wounds. What do you want to do with them?" "Take them to Laketown. Tell the master they belong to him and if we find them in the Woodland Realm again, we will turn them loose in his house in the middle of the night. And while I am on the topic of Men in the Woodland Realm, how does it happen that Mistress Alitha and her husband built this hut without you knowing it?" Eilian leaned his hips against the table and spoke confidentially to her. "You see, I told you Ithilden needed to feel in charge. The world defied him for a few hours, and now he has to set it right. He will feel better once he has bitten the heads off anyone he thinks responsible for things going awry." He crooked his finger at Legolas. "Better stay out of Ithilden's line of fire." "I did nothing wrong." Legolas leaned his forearms on the table and cuddled the baby's foot, which had escaped the rabbit furs. "If he needs a bath before we go, may I give it to him?" Alitha smiled a little weakly. She understood Legolas's desire, but could she trust this boy not to let her son drown? Well, why not. He'd certainly been of service to her this night. She glanced back at Ithilden, who leaned over Todith, listing a little on his wounded leg. Todith's back was rigid. "The other warriors listen quite attentively to your brother." "Oh, yes." Legolas drew his finger lightly along the bottom of the baby's foot and laughed when the baby's toe flexed outward and he screwed up his tiny face and drew the foot back. "Ithilden is the troop commander, so they have to." "They would anyway." Eilian shrugged. "Ithilden is a force of nature." In her dazed exhaustion, Alitha knew she wasn't thinking clearly, but the news that Ithilden was the Elven King's troop commander rattled around in the back of her brain and spurted to the front again, transformed into a memory: The Elven King's troop commander was his oldest son. She pulled the blanket up over her shoulder. Legolas frowned as the baby disappeared into shelter. Todith said, "We will see to it that the Man and his wife move as soon as they are able." "You will do nothing of the sort." Ithilden straightened as best he could. "They are within the correct distance from the edge of the forest. You will guard Mistress Alitha and her son until her husband returns. Is there anyone in your patrol who has helped his wife deliver a child? If so, he will stay in this hut." Eilian gave a low laugh. "Now he is just being contrary for the sheer satisfaction of shaping events." Alitha didn't care. The Elven King's son had just declared she and Taemas and this tiny perfect creature at her side could stay in their home. Todith put his hand over his heart in salute and strode from the hut. Ithilden said, "If you think I have not heard every word you said, Eilian, you can think again. Have you an extra tunic I can borrow?" "Not that would fit you. What have you done to yours?" "Do not even ask," Legolas said. Eilian shrugged. "We brought a horse for you, Ithilden. Do you want to see if you can ride it?" "I want to give the baby a bath." Legolas's mouth twisted with disappointment. "I am sorry," Ithilden said. "We have to go home. Adar is expecting us and will be fretting by now. Besides, I need to report on the matter of the outlaws." "You need to see a healer." Eilian smiled benevolently. "If you think you can push Adar around like Todith and avoid the healer, then you are the one who needs to think again. Moreover, I hope you will let me be present when you explain how you have allowed Mistress Alitha and her husband to stay here. Not that I think that was a bad course of action," he added, holding up his hands, palms out. "I just want to hear you tell Adar about it." Ithilden ignored him. "Mistress, we wish you joy of your son. Some of my warriors will be here to help you until your husband returns." "Thank you, my lord." She hesitated. "Thank you for everything. I bless the moment you startled me in the yard." He hobbled toward her, Eilian moving to support him. He lifted the corner of the blanket to regard the baby, who had fallen asleep, exhausted by his first forays at life. One corner of Ithilden's mouth curved. "He really is beautiful." He bent to kiss the baby's head. "Take care of him, Mistress. The world is a hard place sometimes." And then, before she could even think what to say, they were gone. A different warrior came quietly into the room, built up the fire, and went to straighten the pallet. She drifted to sleep, hardly aware of the strong arms carrying her and the baby to put them to bed. Surely she had dreamed all this. Taemas would be amused. Someday she would tell her son of the day he was born. And really, Ithilden was a lovely name for a boy.