voices the same two guards they'd heard before, passed by their hidden place. The door right net to the pot opened and the two embraced elflings heard the king's voice. "Report". "The criminal is in dungeons, your majesty". "Was the poison determined?" "It's the Royal Spider, sire". "Lord Elrond?" "We wait for results". "Report as soon as the spider is found". "Yes, sire". The two hoards walked out and the twins exchanged horrified looks. They couldn't understand all that was said, but what they did made them panic. They wanted to feed their father to a giant spider – a royal pet that run away. - Come! – Elladan said, looking rather fearsome, and stood up, dragging not to willing brother alone. The king looked over the pile of documents that occupied the majority of his table and raised an eyebrow in surprise, eying the two intruders that looked both scared and determined. Disheveled, barefooted, clad in soiled and crumpled nightshirts and with big slippers at the ready in their hands. - Where is our father? – chorused the twins, thrusting the slippers in the king's direction. - Why did you take him? - Why did you put him into dungeons? - Why do you want to feed him to a spider? With each phrase the tears in the brother's eyes were getting closer to spilling out, but they didn't look ready to give up. Thranduil looked at the formidable figures of the twins that threatened him with what looked like their father's slippers, knot knowing whether he should laugh or cry. Where from those two got such ideas? Suppressing a laugh, he put his hands up slightly, trying to look impressed by the threat. - Fine. I will take you. - Into the dungeons? – asked Elladan, frowning in a special Erestorish way. - To your father, - replied Thranduil. – Alright? - Alright, - chorused the twins, moving to let the king pass. They were very pleased with themselves. The king walked down the corridor, chocking with barely suppressed laughter and feeling the intense stair of two pairs of eyes and the threat of the two slippers. Who knew that with the arrival of lord Elrond and his sons the life here would become so… unboring. The elves they met along the way were stopping in surprised, but, silenced by their liege's sign were letting them pass without any comments, following the trio with amused glances. It was a long walk and at the end of it Thranduil was able to hear the loud puffing from behind and the suspicion in the two gazes that were drilling a hole in the king's back intensified. - We are almost there, - he decided to comment, but the twins didn't reply, continuing to walk silently behind their hostage. ХХХ Elrond rubbed his eyes wearily. Did he fall asleep? He was supposed to just take a minute or two to rest… The night was all but easy for the lord of Imladris. The twins had just fallen asleep, snuffling peacefully, when a soft knocking was heard and the nervous warrior said that his presence was needed in the healing wing. A member of one of the patrol groups was bitten by the spider, but they did not know what species it belonged to. And here, in Mirkwood, almost every kind of them was poisonous in one way or another. Knowing that in situations like this the time was at the highest value, Elrond quickly changed his clothing, not caring where the old ones drop, and ran off to help the injured warrior, forgetting to lock the door. He didn't expect to stay at the healing wing all night, but the battle for the young warrior's life was hard. Great Manwe! The twins are about to wake… Soft footsteps stopped behind the door and Elrond turned his tired, bloodshot eyes to see who it was. To his astonishment, it was Thranduil. The king's noble face could serve as inspiration for any painter. It was really hard to say whether Thranduil felt too good or too bad. - Um… Your majesty? – Elrond called carefully, trying to determine what had befallen the usually so stoic monarch. – Something happened? - Well, I've been captured a little, - said Thranduil and, deciding that it was too much, walked to the chair and dropped into it heavily, almost weeping with laughter. Elrond felt scared. But turning his gaze back to the door, he froze in both surprise and apprehension. - Father! – cried out the twins, rushing to embrace their newly found parent. - We found you! - We came to rescue you! - From whom? – Elrond felt that he was slowly but steadily going insane. The king's histerical laughter intensified. - From the monster, - explained the twins as if it was the most sensible reasoning ever. - From the wrong one, - added Elladan. - That feeds on obedient grown-up elves, - explained Elrohir. Then, exchanging looks, the brothers extended the somewhat battered, a bit dirty and profusely watered with tears slippers to their father, continuing to report their adventures to him. The twins' father sighed, listening to an unbelievable tale and starting to worry for the king's health. Was it normal for a person to laugh so hard and long? Sighing again, Elrond picked his restless children and went into the corridor. They need to bath, to cloth and to get their breakfast first. - I'll see how YOU will manage, - he hissed to the still laughing monarch as he passed him. Thranduil chuckled, wiping the tears away, but then got thoughtful and went to look for his wife, asking to cancel the next council session. THE END NOTE: I hope that the translation isn't too bad. I had hard time translating some of the words and phrases, trying not to loose their sense. For example, 'bogatyr' is a word for a Slavonic hero. You can use Wikipedia for details.