trip about anyway? I heard rumors about it at the Home Guard headquarters yesterday." Ithilden paused. Ordinarily he objected to telling Eilian more than he would know as an ordinary warrior. Keeping the lines of command clear was hard enough without giving Eilian special treatment. But Thranduil would announce this trip at his court today anyway. "Adar is going to Feldor's village to meet with the leaders of all the villages. We need to work out some system for getting goods from Esgaroth distributed to them, especially flour, salt, and wool. And of course, Adar would like to have something to trade back to Esgaroth, so he is looking for the cooperation of the village leaders." Eilian snorted. "Good fortune to him in getting that." Eilian was courting a maiden from a village, and just the day before, he had crumpled up a letter from her and flung it into the fire, crying that all villagers were as stubborn as rocks in a river. Ithilden thought it was probably the letter that had sent Eilian out the door to drink with friends the previous night. Ithilden watched now as Eilian frowned down into his porridge for a moment and then looked up at him. "If you are looking for guards to make the trip, I would like to do it." Ithilden snorted. "Why does that not surprise me?" Eilian looked exasperated. "You know I am bored with what I am doing now. Why should I not be one of the guards? You are not even leaving the Home Guard territory, so this would be within the boundaries of my current posting." Unexpectedly, Ithilden found himself groping for an answer. In the week since Eilian had ridden wildly up to the infirmary door with Maltanaur in his arms, Ithilden had grown accustomed to thinking of Eilian serving near the stronghold until his bodyguard was better. He had not even considered sending his brother on this trip. "I cannot give you an assignment just because you would like it," he finally said. "Others would enjoy the trip too, and anyway, you will be going back south as soon as—." He hesitated. "As soon as you can." That had not been what he had started out to say, but the report on Maltanaur that he had had from the infirmary the previous evening had leapt into his mind just as he was about to say "as soon as Maltanaur is well again." Eilian flung his spoon down in disgust. "Show some mercy, Ithilden! I am bored beyond endurance." Ithilden narrowed his eyes. A bored Eilian was a potential problem, and they both knew it. "I expect you to behave with some discipline, Eilian," he said sharply. "It will not hurt you to wait to do what you want." Eilian's face went pale. "What do you mean?" he demanded stiffly. "What do you think I mean? I am not giving you a new assignment just because you are bored. You will be south again eventually." Eilian pushed his chair back abruptly. "If you will excuse me, my lord, I will be on my way." Without waiting for Ithilden to reply, he strode out of the room. Ithilden sat for a moment, struggling not to go after his brother and tell him to grow up. Eilian was only 70, but Ithilden was sure he himself had far been more sober when he was that age. He frowned. Despite what Eilian's captain told him about his performance on patrol, Ithilden sometimes thought Eilian was as unable to govern his own behavior now as he had been 20 years ago when he had first become a warrior. Ithilden had been appalled as his younger brother spent every free evening then playing the fool with his wilder friends and every stint of duty testing the patience of the Home Guard's captain. Eilian's evening behavior had been Thranduil's problem, but his behavior on duty had become Ithilden's when Deler had filed disciplinary reports and put Eilian on punishment duty. When Ithilden had called Eilian into his office, his brother had offered the same explanation then that he did now. "I am bored, Ithilden," he had complained and then, seeing the look on Ithilden's face hastily amended, "I am bored, my lord. Shadow is attacking the realm, and I am wasting my time here. Deler has me standing night guard duty at the palace!" "You might ask yourself why your captain assigned you to that duty," Ithilden had snapped. "I thought I saw signs of spiders," Eilian defended himself. "Should I just have ignored them?" "You should have reported in at the time you were expected to so Deler did not feel compelled to call out every warrior at his disposal to look for you and Maltanaur, something I am sure Maltanaur also told you. Believe me, Deler would know how to follow up on any report you made if you had turned up to make it." Eilian had set his mouth in a thin line and looked mulish, driving Ithilden to cry, "Grow up, Eilian!" Eilian had raised an eyebrow. "Yes, my lord," he had said, stressing the last two word, and Ithilden had flushed, knowing that he would never have said the same thing to any other young warrior under his command. "You are dismissed," he had barked, and Eilian had saluted and left his office. Ithilden shook himself and sighed. At least so far, Eilian seemed to be carrying out his duties with the Home Guard this time around, and he thought the two of them had a better sense of what they owed one another as commander and warrior rather than as brothers. In any case, he did not have time to worry about Eilian now. He needed to be on his way to tell his father's advisors that Thranduil was delayed. He pushed back his chair and rose with his mind on the details of the meeting that was his first responsibility of the day.