orcs using. There is more to this beast than simply a large spider. The orcs would never suffer such a thing to live close to them. With blade, stone and flame they would have killed her or driven her away long ago. No, there is something more." "At first, I feared that she may be a creature of Sauron's," Aragorn reported. "Like the Nazgul. Or perhaps she is a creature from beyond this world, like the Balrog of Moria. Wondering which, I wrote to the only one left in Middle Earth who has faced Balrog, Nazgul and Shelob." "Sam?" Gimli demanded. "Aragorn, you go too far! Sam has played his part, leave him in peace!" "You forget yourself," Aragorn drew himself to his full height. A terrible majesty played about his features. "I am the High King and duty compels me to defend my folk by whatever means is necessary. Should that mean calling upon Samwise of the Shire, I shall do so!" "But I forget myself, as well," now Aragorn returned to his seat. "You are correct. Samwise, the heir to Frodo, the heir to Bilbo, who helped restore the Kingdom Under the Mountain, has played is part in Middle Earth. His only duty now is to order and cherish his fair realm in the north; and that duty is also his reward. Even if Minas Tirith itself were threatened, I would leave the stout hobbit in peace." "So you asked for his lore?" Gimli asked. "Aye," Aragorn nodded. "I had to be firm with him in my letter, insisting that he remain in the Shire. Yet the wisdom he shared was telling. He stated that the 'flavor' of fear he felt with both the Balrog and with Shelob was earthy, similar to the fear he felt when his father was going to take a switch to him for some mischief he had performed." "Of course, he stated that the terror he felt from the Balrog was greater than the terror he felt from Shelob; and that Shelob's terror was far greater than the switch. However, he said that the terror was the same; the terror of harm, pain and death." "He claims that the terror he felt from the Nazgul was of a different 'flavor', the terror a child feels with a strange sound echoes from the dark, or when a shadow moves at the edge of your vision. It is the fear of the unknown, of a fate you cannot fathom but also cannot avoid." "So what did this tell you?" Eomer asked. "That Shelob is in some way akin to the Balrog," Aragorn told him. "While the Balrog was a fallen Maiar, Shelob is descended from a fallen Maiar." "Can such a being be slain?" Gimli asked. "All the valor of Kazad-Dum couldn't defeat Durin's Bane, and Galdalf himself fell when he bested it. Is there any left in Middle Earth than can contend with such a foe?" "Durin's Bane was a fallen Maiar," Aragorn reminded him. "While I suspect that Shelob is descended from such. According to Sam, he used Sting to both stab one of her eyes and inflict a deep stab in her belly. His barrow blade sheared off a claw. I believe that the beast can be slain by steel, given that it is wielded with strength, skill and courage." "So the issue we face is to find enough men with stout enough hearts to brave the terror that surrounds the beast," Eomer stated. "These men must be able to overcome the orcs that surround Shelob, allowing at least some to face the fiend that has haunted the pass for ages. A daunting task." "But one that must be done," Aragorn told him. "Else she may look even further afield for her prey." "You say she's come forth from her tunnels in search of prey?" Gimli asked. "Why do you deem this is her reason?" "I found one who knew her," Aragorn told him, his face grim. "One who had lived close to her, knew her habits as well as any living being." "I thought that naught but orcs lived in the Tower of Cirith Ungol," Gimli protested. "And all of those were slain." "One survived," Aragorn told him. "Wounded, he made his way to the Tower of Barad-dur. It is he who gave the Dark Lord Frodo's mithril shirt and the barrow blade." "And he survived?" Eomer asked. "The Dark Lord was not merciful, or so I was led to believe." "Sauron was no fool," Aragorn answered. "While he wasn't merciful, he was wise in the way of command. He knew that his servants needed rewards for loyalty as well as punishment for failure. Those who served him well received such rewards as he could provide. Those who were wounded in his service received such healing as his servants could offer. When I led brave men to rescue his prisoners from the wreckage of his tower, we found this servant, recovering from his wounds." With that, Aragorn directed a guard to fetch the prisoner. He refused to speak more on the matter, waiting for his servant to complete his errand. Before long, two more guards arrived, with an fettered orc between them. Eomer and Gimli studied the prisoner. He was no taller than a typical orc, but he was broad and heavily muscled. His long arms hung below his knees and promised to hold frightening strength. When the guards halted, he looked first at the Eorling and the dwarf, then looked to Aragorn. "So my captor wants to show off his caged bird to his guests," the orc sneered at the king. "Tell me, master, what song do you want this bird to sing?" "The song of your name and your duties under your old master," Aragorn commanded. "Very well," the orc replied, then looked towards the other two. "My name is Shagrat," he declared. "And when Sauron held sway over Mordor, I was captain of the tower of Cirith Ungol."