enjoyment of the occasion so long as he provided food and an excuse to gather. The thought made her smile in amusement. Gondor, and Dol Amroth as well, would be horrified at so casual an attitude toward such assemblies. They took their socializing far too seriously to leave anything to chance! With a sigh, she sipped the hot tea the servant had brought and rose to give a few final instructions. There still was time to lie down for an hour before she had to dress, and between a nap and the tea, hopefully the headache would be gone before she must face her guests. xxxxx As Eomer stepped into the parlor, and all eyes turned toward him, he felt his entire body tense. He knew Imrahil meant well by this gathering, and he had kept it small and probably about as informal as Dol Amroth got, but still he would much have preferred just a quiet supper with Imrahil's family. He had learned there would be no dancing, which was something of a mixed blessing. Not having to dance with every eligible woman in the room was a good thing, but he also would not have the opportunity to use Lothiriel as an escape when the conversation got too tedious. He had often made use of Eowyn in that way, catching her eye and claiming a dance as he apologetically slipped away from some windbag who was droning on endlessly about anything and everything. He suspected Lothiriel would have readily fallen in with his plans and aided him however she could, but that avenue was not going to be available to him. The only thing working in his favor was that Gondor had a strict code of behavior that required the guests to leave at some defined point, rather than lingering until they passed out from drink as often occurred in Rohan. A servant was passing with a tray of wine goblets and Eomer procured one, taking a large gulp and then a deep breath as he plastered on a smile and began his dutiful greeting of the assemblage. The longer the socializing went on, the more he realized how hungry he was, and he sincerely hoped his stomach would not embarrass him with some rude sound. To his relief, a few moments later the guests were summoned to the table, and were being shown to their seats. Apparently there was a rather rigid arrangement to the seating, even at 'informal' gatherings, and he watched the protocol dance unfolding before him until a hand touched his arm. Glancing down, he found Lothiriel at his elbow. "This way, my lord," she said quietly, her right hand motioning in the direction she wished him to go. Though her face was impassive and a slight smile graced her lips, it was the look in her eyes that caught his notice. He had the distinct impression she knew his reaction to all of this, and found it quite amusing. He suspected the evening would be far more pleasant if he were able to sit and talk with the lady, but to his disappointment, she took a seat several chairs down the table from where he sat. However, he had been placed at the head of the table, with Imrahil on one side and Elphir on the other. That did provide something of a cushion against the nobles who were no doubt eager to catch his ear. Imrahil was flanked on his left by Erchirion and Amrothos, while Elphir was seated next to his wife and then Lothiriel next to her. Elphir's infant had been colicky earlier so this was the first opportunity Eomer had had to meet his wife. The night unfolded pretty much as both Eomer and Lothiriel had expected it would in each of their respective cases. Eomer was soon bored with the constant chatter about political and economic matters, and Lothiriel's hunch had proven correct about the subject of gossip in the ladies' group. A couple of times she had to choke back her laughter at some of the women. Several made unguarded comments which hinted more than a little that rather than secure the king for their daughters, they wouldn't mind having him for themselves! While she could sympathize with their admiration for his physical looks, she very much wondered if they would find life in Rohan nearly so appealing as they found the king. From what Eomer had told her earlier about his homeland, things were far different there. These ladies were used to living lives of leisure and excess. Rohan seemed to be a more practical and simple place, where even royal women contributed their efforts in getting things done. Life to the north appeared decidedly dissimilar to anything with which Gondor was familiar. As Eomer had noted, at a certain point there seemed to be an almost unspoken agreement to end the evening. He was not entirely clear how it was accomplished, but he didn't really care either. Just so long as the people left and he could relax, things would be fine. Imrahil and two of his sons gathered for a nightcap, and Eomer joined them. Elphir, his wife Alcathir and Lothiriel all excused themselves and headed off to bed, and Eomer's eyes followed Lothiriel as she climbed the stairs. When she was out of sight, he moved to join his hosts. Amrothos handed him a goblet of wine as Imrahil told him, "Not the most enjoyable of evenings for you, I am sure, Eomer, but I hope not too tedious. And it was necessary to set the wheels in motion for you with regard to the trade agreements. These men were the ones you will most likely need to interact with in that regard. However, with our departure in a sennight, this should be the only official gathering you will have to endure. Now you may turn your attention to rest and relaxation." "Hear, hear!" Erchirion seconded, and the four of them laughed together.