your hair is red ! So very red! I nearly fall to my knees. I nearly break into song. I nearly choke upon new tears. I nearly do a hundred different things – but as it happens, I definitely stand there, dumbfounded, staring at you. You are puffing upon a thin black cigarette that smells rather spicy compared to the other white ones that many of the workers smoke. You sit upon the half-finished wall, glaring up at where the crane hovers over the arch, new building stone suspended in its chains. Your father has gone and I wonder if it was Glóin, before the thought is lost in the maelstrom that is my mind as your eyes turn to me. "Hello," you say easily, and grin. "You must be the owner. Wasn't expecting to meet you, I heard you were a bit of a recluse. I hope you don't mind the filthy habit." You wave your cigarette in explanation. "I..." I falter. Your smile is broad and beautiful. Your eyes are dark, and your hands are huge. You are short again! How appropriate. How wonderful. "Are you all right?" you say, and then you stand up to crush your cigarette under a heavy heel. Your face creases in concern – how beautifully expressive you are! - and you take a step towards me. "You're not sick or something, are you?" I shake my head, speechless. You frown. "Not speaking? You know, you look very familiar. Have we met? Do I know you from somewhere?" I can barely breathe around the hopping, jumping mass of my heart lodged in my throat. "Oh, meleth nîn," I say, and it is cool water in the desert to finally say those words again, "you have no idea." Your beautiful eyes widen, and the ruddy cheeks pale beneath that short, elegantly trimmed beard (oh, I will miss the great and generous waves of your beard, my love). Then you take another step closer and your voice deepens even more. "Perhaps not," you say, and your words are suddenly touched with the burring cadence of a Dwarvish accent. "Perhaps so." I cannot stop myself. I cannot. I stumble to you, and your hands catch me, as they have ever done, and I am so old – so old now that I redefine the word – but I am young again in your arms. You breathe out, and I breathe in. The sudden hitch in your voice is the sweetest music I have ever heard. "I thought you a dream," you say, and one finger reaches out to push my hair back behind my ear, revealing the point. "I thought..." "I waited," I say, and I am smiling so hard I think my face will break. "I waited." "You waited," you murmur, and the touch of your hand upon my face is like the kiss of the sun after winter, I remember now – "I am sorry to have been so tardy." "You stupid Dwarf," I say, and your kiss tastes like victory and desperation and pipeweed, I remember it all! I steal another, and another, and I cannot stop. I cannot. You are addictive. " Centuries would have been tardy, you contrary creature, and now I am billions upon billions of years old. You must find a better word than 'tardy'; it does not do the matter justice at all!" "Aye," you say, and all the tears I have shed could fill the oceans a million times over and they would still be worth this moment. "Billions of years, laddie? There is no word in any tongue to do it justice. Billions upon billions... Well, they look good on you." "Gimli, I waited so long," I name you, and you press a choked noise into my shoulder. I give in, and push my hands into that crinkly, coarse wealth of red hair. It is almost alive against my palms. "Gimli, what I have seen - I saw the dinosaurs die. I saw life crawl out of the oceans. I saw Middle-Earth smash itself into ruin, the very ground screaming beneath my feet – I have seen – I have-" "Shh, Legolas," you say, and I am weeping, great gulping sobs over your bright head. "I am here now. I am here. Where you go, I will follow." "You take your damned time doing so," I gasp. Then you smile and press your forehead to mine, and your eyes are the deep brown of the chestnut tree, warm and rich, with highlights of green and gold around the rims. "Well, I am not so fast as you," you say gently. "Do not ever leave again," I manage, and my hand is fisted tightly in your hair. It must hurt, but you say nothing. "Do not ever leave me alone again!" You kiss me. And then kiss me again, and though you are taller than a Dwarf now and your beard is strangely cropped and your earrings are different and you have no markings upon your chest or shoulders or back, you are wonderful in a way nothing else has ever been before or since. ... The stars are new, but I do not care anymore. They smile upon me just as brightly as the old ones did. When you die, you will be back for me. I know this now. I no longer doubt. You will always come for me, and I will always know you. I will stay my feet upon my long and weary road, while you take the short path. I will watch and care for the humans, my New Men, as they make their way amongst those bright, brilliant stars. Perhaps they will find Eärendil after all. And you will live again and again. I will not falter. I will wait. I will live for these lifetimes with you by my side. I will not despair, my darling. Faithless is he who says farewell when the road darkens, after all. ... END.