declared them done, they sat waiting for them to cool sufficiently to be eaten. From the first bite, there was no doubting that the boys were enjoying this special treat, and Eomer couldn't really deny finding it pleasing as well. Each wanted a second apple, so they repeated the exercise, and then cleaned the site and settled down to relax and talk until they were ready to turn in. It took some time for the boys to calm enough to actually stop their giggling and whispers, and finally go to sleep, but Eomer found it most pleasing to have his son curled up beside him, Freawine tangled with the lad as though they were two puppies in a litter. Come the morning, Eomer was up early while the boys still slept. When at length they rose, it was to find Eomer cooking a rabbit over the fire. Their eyes went wide at the sight. "Papa! Where did you get that?" Elfwine demanded. "What? You do not think me a good enough hunter to catch such a thing for our breakfast?" Eomer teased, and watched the two boys struggling with how this was possible in the Golden Hall. "Papa!" Elfwine finally exclaimed in exasperation. "How did you do it?" "I am a man of many talents!" Eomer laughed, "And you can continue to ask questions, or you can just sit down and help me eat this rabbit!" Deciding to forego their curiosity, the boys shrugged and settled by the fire, holding out their plates when Eomer had removed the rabbit and begun cutting meat for each of them. This final day of their camping was spent much like the previous had been. More firewood was collected, and water fetched to the site (the stream having produced a few more buckets during the night). Races were run, stories told, weapons practice engaged in, and all three had a fine time in one another's company. It was with a bit of sadness that they settled in for the night, knowing that tomorrow they would have to 'go home'. Still, for an outing they had thought must be cancelled, it had been most enjoyable for all of them. Laying in the dark, Elfwine snuggled closer to Eomer and whispered, "Papa?" "Yes, Elfwine?" "Thank you. I liked being on this campout with you," the boy told him sincerely. "I enjoyed it also, son. And when the weather is better, we will make another attempt at it – this time truly in the out of doors," Eomer promised. Elfwine grinned and gave him a hug, before closing his eyes and quickly falling to sleep. xxx When the blanket was raised, reintroducing the trio to the main Hall, Lothiriel was waiting where she had left them, smiling a welcome. "You are returned! Did you have an enjoyable outing?" she inquired. "Oh, yes, Mama! Papa even caught a rabbit for breakfast!" As Elfwine continued to bubble over with an excited recitation of their activities, Lothiriel raised a surprised eyebrow at her husband. A rabbit? She would be interested to learn how he had managed that, though she could almost bet that Eothain figured in the tale somewhere. The two boys ran off to play in Elfwine's room, as the rain continued and it was still not desirable to spend time outside as yet. It was clear they would be discussing their adventure for a long time to come. Lothiriel strolled with Eomer as he made his way to his study, where they were soon joined by Gamling. His friend and doorward gave the king a grin. "You enjoyed yourself, then, my lord?" "Most definitely, Gamling! Not so good as an actual campout, to be sure, but agreeable nonetheless," Eomer replied. Reluctantly, Gamling asked, "Shall I begin having the Hall restored to its usual design now?" Eomer rubbed his chin and then shook his head. "No, not yet." At the curious looks he was getting from both Gamling and his wife, he quietly explained, "There were many who ventured forth in the rough weather, to gather what we needed to create our forest encampment. They did it because I am the king and wished it, but also because they desired to enable me to spend time with my son. They did not deem the discomfort too much of a sacrifice. What little sacrifice is it for me, in return, to leave the forest of Meduseld standing a few days more, that any who wish might also enjoy time there with their sons?" He looked up and grinned. "Perhaps even you will want a day or two with Freawine!" Gamling smiled his understanding, and moved to the door. "I will make it known among the Riders, and arrange a schedule so it does not get too crowded." With a bow to excuse himself, he exited, and Lothiriel turned to press a kiss to her husband's temple. "Eadig! Truly you are, my love, but so is the Riddermark that you are their king. We, all of us, are blessed," she whispered sincerely. Eomer let out a long, contented sigh and closed his eyes. Aye…eadig! THE END 4/6/08 – 4/8/08 Elfwine is not quite 7 and Freawine is 8. End note: It is best that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order, but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.