from some blushing maiden of Gondor! We are strong and proud, and we will prevail without you!" By now he was practically bellowing at her, and Lothiriel took a step back from the verbal assault, astonished by its intensity. For several long moments, they stood silently staring at one another, and then Eomer spoke, clearly intending to end the discussion. "I am the king of Rohan!" he snarled. "I may do whatever I choose!" Lothiriel felt as though she had been slapped, but straightened to her full height. "Yes, that is true, for Rohan and for yourself. But it does not apply to me. I am sorry, my lord. I stayed here to determine if a marriage alliance might be formed between our lands. I see now that is impossible. I wish to marry a man, not a ruthless warrior. I desire a husband rather than a cold-hearted killer in my bed. I will return to Dol Amroth as soon as possible." She turned on her heel and walked from the room with as much dignity as she could muster under the circumstances, though her emotions roiled within her. Why had she ever thought this could work? Her father's admiration for the man in battle certainly could not translate to similar feelings were he to see the king as she had here. No, she would return home and be wed to a nobleman there. She might not have love in her union, but at least she would not have fear, and perhaps some semblance of love would come in time. Lothiriel swiped in annoyance at the tears that had trickled from her eyes. Why did it matter so much that this had failed? Nothing was firmly set; no one would think ill of her for choosing not to stay. And, yet, her decision was still painful. She was not without compassion for Eomer. For all the gruff exterior he presented to those around him, she knew there was a great deal of pain underneath, eating away at him. Still, she had tried to get through to him, to help him find healing and he had pushed her away at every turn. What more could she be expected to do? Marry the man and live in this misery with him? No, that would be intolerable. If he was going to destroy himself, she would not stay and watch. Supper that evening was silent and tense. Eowyn could hardly miss the strained manner between Eomer and Lothiriel, but more than that, she glimpsed regret, surprisingly enough in both their eyes. As soon as the meal ended, Eowyn drew Lothiriel to her sitting room to find out what had happened, and the young woman explained about her encounter with the king earlier in the day. Eowyn sighed, rubbing at her temples. "Is there nothing I might say to persuade you to stay longer, to give him more time?" she asked. Lothiriel fought back tears and sat down heavily on a chair. "What good would more time do, Eowyn? He does not want me here, he does not want to get to know me. If I saw any hope that the situation would improve over time, I would gladly give it, but in all these months, nothing has gotten better. If anything, he feels even more distant from me than the day we first met." Eowyn dropped her head into her hands. "I know. I am sorry to have even asked. None of this is your fault; I know that. You have done more than your part to make it succeed. I just…I fear for him. Something is dreadfully wrong and I know not how to make it right. He even pushes me away, and never in our entire lives has he done that before. We always had one another when all else failed." Lothiriel moved over to place a consoling hand on her friend's shoulder. "I am sorry. I wish there was something I could do to help him, but I do not know what else to try." After several moments, Eowyn straightened, regaining her composure. "When will you leave?" Lothiriel dropped her eyes and fingered the back of the chair. "It will take a few days to gather my things and get them packed. I hope your brother will not object to sending an escort with me. If he does, then I must send word to my father and wait for him to have someone come to fetch me." Eowyn rose. "I will see to it that Eomer cooperates and sends a guard with you. He owes you that much at least. You…you do realize that it will be an unpleasant journey. This time of year is not good for traveling, and there are no inns where you may shelter." Lothiriel nodded. "It cannot be helped. I fear if I stay it will only agitate him further. If I cannot ease any of his burdens, I at least do not want to add to them." TBC from Thain's Book online (www tuckborough net): Father of Eomer and Eowyn. Eomund was descended through many generations from Eofor, the third son of King Brego of Rohan. In 2989, Eomund married Theodwyn, the daughter of King Thengel and sister of King Theoden. Their son Eomer was born in 2991 and their daughter Eowyn was born in 2995. Eomund and his family lived at Aldburg in the Eastfold. Eomund was the chief Marshal of the Mark and was responsible for guarding the eastern marches of Rohan. One of his main concerns was protecting the horses of the Rohirrim against Orc raiders. Eomund was brave and fearless but he was also impulsive, and he often pursued Orcs with insufficient caution and few Riders. In 3002, Eomund followed a band of Orcs into the Emyn Muil, where he was ambushed and killed. Theodwyn became ill and died shortly afterwards, and Eomer and Eowyn were taken in by their uncle, King Theoden. Eomer later became the King of Rohan.