go of her and put himself in between Brenathor and Aurora. He would never touch her again. Eomer turned around and gently put his hands on her cheeks and tilted her head towards him. "Are you alright?" The tears rolled down her cheeks. Eomer could see relief in her eyes when she looked into his. All Aurora could do was shake her head. Eomer wrapped his arms around her and held her. Aurora never felt so safe in her life. She felt as if nothing in the world could touch her now. Sighing she also wrapped her arms around him and laid her head against his chest. "I love you," Aurora whispered. "This is outlandish!" Aurora heard her father yell. "Aurora, how dare you embarrass me and Brenathor in front of everyone. It's an emarassment to Gondor!" Before Aurora could say a word, Eomer stepped forward, "You don't think this man and what he did to Aurora is an embarassment to Gondor?" "Brenathor was protecting the best interests of his and Gondor." "What, to hell with Aurora's?" Eomer felt Aurora walk up beside him and lace her fingers through his. He gave her hand a tight squeeze. Brenathor stepped forward, "I represent her interests." Eomer scoffed, "She doesn't have a chance in hell then." He didn't even flich when Brenathor stood toe to toe with him. Brenathor sneered at Eomer. "Now, if you wouldn't mind, hand over my wife so we can leave this place." He reached for Aurora's arm and Eomer reached for his knife and had it againstBrenathor's chest. "Touch her again, and I'll make you bleed." Eomer felt Aurora's grip tighten on his hand and her body get closer. He knew if he let Aurora go, she wouldn't make it to Gondor alive. "Aurora!" Her father scowled at her. "It is your duty to Gondor to marry this man." Aurora said nothing. Her father watched her stand next to the man Aurora had always loved. "Come with us now, or never again." Aurora finaly spoke. "I will not marry this beast of a man." Brenathor stepped back and looked down on Aurora. "I cannot believe you would choose a Horsemaster over a regal man of Gondor. You do belong here among these...people." He laughed evily. "That's ok. I will find another woman that will obey me and be my wife. There are plenty that will. Good ridance." Brenathor strode over to his horse and mounted. He reined his horse away and never looked back. "Shame on you Aurora. A woman of Gondor never turns her back on her country. Or her people. You disgrace me. You are never welcome back to my home again." Her father turned his back on her and never looked back. Aurora wanted to say something, cry out for him to stop. But she realized that he had not tried to help her when Brenathor had beaten her. Her father only needed her for power. Aurora watched her father mount his horse and she stepped away from Eomer and ran towards her father. "Father! Please you don't understand!" She held her hands out to plead. "I can't marry someone I don't love!" "You should do your duty and better your people!", her father boomed down at her. "I could have been King of Gondor if it wasn't for your disgraceful behavior!" Her father took a deep breath. "Now get on your horse and make me proud." Aurora stood there saying nothing. "You couldn't possibly want me to marry that man after what you let him do to me." "He was only trying to bring you to your senses. He would be good for you." Aurora shook her head, "I can't live like that." "But you can live with a Horsemaster like him. What power could he give you?" Aurora turned her head and looked back at Eomer and smiled at him. "More than you can imagine." "I couldn't imagine this place giving you anything." Her father looked down her nose at her. "If you aren't going to get on your horse right now, this is your last chance to begin a great future for." "I'm tired of people using me to better themselves." "You are a selfish little bitch!" Her father turned towards her. Eomer couldn't take anymore. "If you don't remove yourself from these lands on your own power, you will force me to do it myself." "You have no idea who you are speaking to Eomer!" "I would say this to anyone who comes into my home an behaves in such a manner." Eomer's voive dripped with pure hatred. "Fine. I am leaving ou here. But remember this. Don't step foot onto Gondors lands. Ever again. You are not my daughter anymore." Her father spun his horse and went through the double gates of Edoras. Aurora spun around and faced Eomer. She tried to speak, but a quiet, raspy, "I'm so sorry," was the only thing that came out. Eomer stood there and looking at the only woman in the world who had his heart. He stepped forward and wrapped his arms around her. "Don't appologize." Aurora let herself sink against Eomer. She had no idea what to do. But what she felt that moment with Eomer's arms around her, was right. Aurora looked up into Eomer's gorgeous eyes. Her mouth hurt like hell, but it quit bleeding. "I was trying to find you to talk about something." "What was it you wanted to talk about?" You and I." "That's good to hear." "What?" "That there is a you and I." Eomer cupped her battered face in his hands. "Because there is no way I'm letting you go this time. You're stuck with me." "There is no place else I'd rather be stuck." Eomer leaned down and gave her a soft kiss on her bruised lips. "I can't wait until your lips heal. Because I plan on kissing you a lot harder than that." Eomer took her handand led her home.