inflict unacceptable care on his son. "Thank you for saying so," he told her sincerely. "I shall redouble my efforts, despite my aunt's protests!" For a seven-month-old, Elfwine had traveled well. He had not been fussy, and did not seem to object to being bounced along in the carriage. As Lothiriel was unaccustomed to riding for more than pleasure, she had spent most of their trip in a carriage also, so when Minleoth grew weary, she had offered to have Elfwine join her so the woman could better rest. The first time she had suggested it, Minleoth's eyes had narrowed with suspicion, but when Eomer readily accepted on behalf of his aunt and his son, there was little she could do. When at last Edoras loomed in sight, it both relieved Eomer and filled him with dread. The next few days were not going to be easy, and he was glad that Eowyn was still here to help him through the funeral. He tried to focus on the bright spot of announcing Eowyn's betrothal, but inevitably his thoughts slipped back to Theoden, fallen, and his own inadequacies, and it was a constant battle to keep the melancholy at bay. Entertaining guests proved an unbearable strain and, fortunately, with Faramir at her side, Eowyn looked to be managing better than Eomer was with the crush of people around them. She easily slid into her role as hostess of Meduseld, not seeming to mind so much now as she once had. Indeed, Eomer thought wryly, she appeared almost eager to demonstrate to her betrothed how capable she was, more than just with a sword in her hand. It was hardly as though Faramir needed impressing. The man was totally besotted with his sister, but still it pleased Eomer to see her enjoying what she was doing rather than resentfully going through the motions. Between Faramir's presence and the activity, Eowyn seemed to be coping with her grief more easily than her brother. Imrahil's daughter readily stepped forward to assist his sister, and between the two of them, Eomer was able to put in brief appearances but otherwise absent himself from most activities. Apparently, though, the princess from Dol Amroth was not satisfied to only see to the needs of his guests, but took every opportunity to engage him as well. She seemed to understand that he would become thoroughly morose if left to his own devices, and she did not appear willing to allow that. Though it sometimes irritated him, he could not help but be grateful that she was saving him from himself. Clearly she was quite astute, for she innately recognized that the best way to pull him from a foul mood was via his son. That sweet face gurgling up at him reached him as nothing else could, and invariably when Lothiriel came looking for him, it was with Elfwine in her arms. How she managed to wangle the child away from his aunt so often, he dared not ask. Minleoth was still watching the young woman with guarded eyes, and did not hesitate to advise Eomer of her disapproval. As they walked in the garden behind Meduseld, two days after the funeral, Lothiriel made it known that she was aware of his aunt's response toward her. "I do not think your aunt cares for my attention to Elfwine, and the time I spend with you," she observed. Eomer grinned apologetically and told her, "Perhaps not, but I appreciate all you have done. Her own mother was from Gondor, so I cannot think what makes her so hostile toward you." Lothiriel laughed. "Can you not? Surely you realize, my lord, what she is thinking. Why would any available young woman of the nobility frequently seek out the child of the young king of Rohan, if not to impress the father? She fears I am husband-hunting!" The thought had never occurred to Eomer, though he suddenly acknowledged to himself that it should have. He still had offered no explanation as to the origin of Elfwine, but there was certainly no evidence of a wife at Meduseld. Perhaps his preoccupation with Theoden's funeral had kept him from rationally examining his situation. Likely as soon as it was known that he had no wife, there would be many willing to fill the role. "And is that what you are doing?" he asked curiously. Somehow he could not envision her behaving in such a way. "No," she smiled, shaking her head. "I am sure there are those that think we would make an eligible match, but my motives are much more basic. I love babies and Elfwine is adorable. And, his father is pleasant company as well! But I have no ulterior motives, my lord. Rest easy!" He let out a laugh, his first in quite some time. "To be honest, if you had been, your efforts were lost on me! I failed to notice until you mentioned the possibility." "Well, your aunt will be relieved to hear that! And it will surely please her no end when I return to Gondor once and for all!" Eomer's brow twitched at her final remark. He had not considered her departure. Imrahil and his family were intending to remain longer, even as the rest of the funeral guests were slowly trickling out. Elessar's party was gearing up to leave for Isengard in a few days, where he would bid farewell to the remainder of the fellowship. Eomer had been glad things would quiet down at Edoras once more, though he was sorry to see so many close friends leaving, not knowing when they might be reunited. Still, he discovered he would miss Lothiriel's company. Well, he would just have to make the most of her visit, and make a point of taking Imrahil up on his offer to come visit Dol Amroth while in Gondor for Eowyn's wedding. 88888 Minleoth - "my song" Alcathir - "shining face" Eledferth - "fiery spirit" Cafliss - "quick joy"