part in Eowyn's presence in Gondor with a sword in her hand. And even if he did not, in some ways Lothiriel could still understand her coming. Just a few short months ago it had seemed as though all of Middle-earth was to be destroyed or conquered by the great evil in the east. Had Lothiriel known how to fight, she might also have desired to stand alongside her family – to die with them or to help bring about a victory. Perhaps, in the end, fealty for her kin was what had driven Eowyn to battle. Her musings were interrupted by Morwen pronouncing, "I believe I will go to Minas Tirith. It would seem there is much to be seen and learned there. Would you be so kind as to attend me in the City, Lothiriel?" "Of course!" Lothiriel replied with undisguised pleasure. She had become quite fond of the elderly woman as they had shared a home, and she very much enjoyed the association. Indeed, she was sure she would miss Morwen when she returned to Dol Amroth. "I am more than happy to aid you in any way that you wish, my lady. It would be an honor to do so." Morwen smiled, knowing full well that the sentiments expressed were sincere, even though by rights a daughter of Dol Amroth's prince would have no need to be so subservient to anyone else. Perhaps due to not knowing most of her own grandchildren, a bond had quickly formed with the girl, though in part that was the result of Lothiriel's open and easy nature. It had not taken long, nor been difficult, for the both of them to settle into a comfortable routine. Lothiriel brought liveliness to Morwen's home, and Morwen shared her wisdom and sources of information with the girl. Each had gained from the association and would regret it coming to an end. True, Lothiriel could, and likely would, visit whenever she was in the north, but beyond that they were not apt to see much of one another. Shoving aside her plate, Morwen used the table to steady herself as she rose. "Well, then, if I am to make this journey, I had best get busy with organizing my trunk. You also, as you will have far more to pack than I do, though if you forget anything it can be gotten later." She smiled fondly at the girl before making her way slowly toward the door of the dining room. "Would you find Halgeth and send her to me?" she requested over her shoulder, not awaiting a response but knowing she would be heeded. TBC Spoils of war - Any profits extracted as the result of winning a war or other military activity. Halgeth – "tall woman" – maidservant to Morwen Zimran – "adorned man" – Forlong's heir (Tolkien never named him so I did) Minleoth - "my song" - name given to 1st dau of Thengel & Morwen Ethelwyn – noble joy - name given to 2nd dau of Thengel & Morwen Tamleoth – "gentle song" - name given to 3rd dau of Thengel & Morwen Morlach – "black fire" - Morwen's dog Betersel – "more happiness" – Eomer's housekeeper at Aldburg (also used in previous stories, ie. Juxtaposition) Haldor - "sound door" – Eomer's manservant Ungaphel – "daughter of shadow" – backbiting Dol Amroth noblewoman Pethraen – "wandering words" – airheaded girl flirting with Eomer Gaermith – "grey sea" - Lothiriel's horse that pulled a stifle Frame of reference (details from Tolkien with gapfiller by me): Aglahad, Prince of Dol Amroth, had two sons: Angelimir (the heir and grandfather to Imrahil) and a younger brother who was the father of Morwen. Morwen was born about 2922 and married Thengel in 2943. They had Minleoth (b 2945, m 2975, d 2989 – no children); Theoden (b 2948, m Elfhild 2976, d 3019 – one son, Theodred, b 2978, d 3019); Ethelwyn (b 2951, m 2982, d 2994 – one daughter, b 2986, died 2994); Tamleoth (b 2956, never married, d 2992); and Theodwyn (b 2963, married Eomund 2989, d 3002). Thengel became king in 2953 whereupon he and his family moved to Rohan, where he died in 2980. ch 1: (1) In the book, Aragorn tells Eomer (in the Houses of Healing) that Eowyn loves only a shadow and a thought. In the movie, Peter Jackson had Aragorn say it to Eowyn at Dunharrow. (2) In the book, Minas Tirith was not full of citizens as in the movie. (3) In the Appendix A (under The Numenorean Kings) it says: "Thorongil men called him in Gondor, the Eagle of the Star, for he was swift and keen-eyed, and wore a silver star upon his cloak; but no one knew his true name nor in what land he was born. He came to Ecthelion from Rohan, where he had served the King Thengel, but he was not one of the Rohirrim." This suggests that Thorongil had a different name in Rohan before he got to Gondor. However, in Appendix B, under The Tale of Years, the timeline for the Third age says that from 2957-80 "Aragorn undertakes his great journeys and errantries. As Thorongil he serves in disguise both Thengel of Rohan and Ecthelion II of Gondor." If this is true, he was also known as Thorongil in Rohan. As I have found no other name he may have gone by in Rohan, I am assuming he used Thorongil there also. (4) Although in the extended version of Two Towers Aragorn tells Eowyn that Theoden was but a small child when he served her grandfather Thengel, in 2957 when Thorongil came to Rohan Theoden would have been 9. Even assuming Thorongil stayed in Rohan a shorter period than he was in Gondor (I split it as 9 yrs in Rohan and 14 in Gondor for this story), that would make Theoden 18 yrs old when Thorongil left – well able to remember him.