worry about than you !" For just a moment, Esgalmir felt guilty, but then she pushed it aside. Anbarad got what he deserved if he was too weak-willed to stand up for himself. She knew Eothain could be imposing, but he would not force her brother to do anything, though Anbarad might be convinced he had no choice. That was his own problem, however. Catching Theodred's arm, she suggested, "Walk with me? I am desperately in need of moonlight, and kisses from a certain someone!" Snickering, Theodred rose, pulling her to her feet. "See, there you go being inappropriate again! And, for some reason, I do not mind in the slightest!" xxxxx Unbeknownst to Esgalmir, the couple's friends had assessed the situation with her brother and determined to intervene. The next day at break of fast, with Anbarad looking a bit worse for the wear after all he'd had to drink the previous night, Eomer announced that it was traditional for the men of the betrothed pair's families to go off on a boar hunt to keep them out from under foot. Though Anbarad had no desire to climb on a horse or hunt boar, with both kings and the Steward participating, he could hardly refuse, so he steeled himself for a miserable day. Esgalmir fought to hide her amusement, knowing full well that her brother rarely rode and thus would likely be very sore at day's end. Still, she could not complain at having him out of her hair for a good long while. His wife, though annoying, usually left her alone when Anbarad was not around. But the family apparently was leaving nothing to chance, for moments after Eomer's announcement to Anbarad, Lothiriel proclaimed the traditional tapestry weaving would take place in her sitting room just after breakfast. Quirking an eyebrow, Esgalmir gazed at the queen, who gave her a wink when no one was looking. As Lothiriel explained it, the ladies of the family were to participate, though the bride herself was exempt since it was a gift to her. Eowyn was looking a bit less than thrilled by this turn of events, having endured this woman for the entire journey from Gondor, but she was given reprieve when Lothiriel suggested that perhaps Eowyn would be so kind as to keep an eye on the children while they worked. Lothiriel was able to keep Esgalmir's sister-in-law occupied the greater portion of the day, and the woman was too intimidated by the queen to say much. Without her husband around, she was much quieter, and therefore less irksome, so the other ladies did not find their gathering unbearable. When the men returned late in the afternoon, it was clear that all but Anbarad had enjoyed the outing. He looked thoroughly miserable, but determined to appear noble before his king. As soon as he could discreetly do so, he excused himself to his chambers to wash, and his wife hurried off to attend him. The men had not encountered any boar on their jaunt, but then they were not truly intending to do so. Not wishing to risk injury to anyone, Eothain had led them on a carefully planned route that kept all safe, but was rigorous enough to be a challenge to them. Virtually everyone but Anbarad took the difficulties in stride. To no one's surprise, he begged off joining them that evening, claiming he felt unwell, and he and his wife dined in their room. As a result, the remainder of the wedding party had a much more enjoyable time at their gathering. TBC ages of kids in March, 46 IV Elfwine: Arawine (m): 23; Cirion (m): 18; Selinnan (f): 15 Theodwyn: Gerisen (m): 16; Arlof (f): 12; Frengod (m): 9 Theomund: Eledher (m): 8; Haldred (m): 2 Morwen: Mirlas (f): 6; Randir (m): 3 Adrahir, Tuilwen and Belinzil would all be 36 and likely did not come to Theodred's wedding Eldarion/Luthiel and Elboron remained in Gondor to "run things" so their parents could attend Erebraen – "lone wanderer" Findam – "skilled hammer" Re: marriage – Through discussions with Lialathuveril and Echidnagirl65, we realized that the concept of an actual, full-out wedding is more a modern convention. It was more likely in earlier times that couples agreed to marry, with consent of the bride's nearest male relative and barring public opposition. There might not even be any sort of formal 'event' in recognition of the decision and final accomplishment. As this is Middle-earth, however, it does not necessarily follow any particular practice found in history, and so there is room for creativity on the part of the fanfic author. The weddings I have previously portrayed in my stories have varied as to content, but mostly dealt with royal weddings, which I envision as being far more complicated than those of the average person. As this story includes a lower class wedding, I tried to bring it closer to the historical standard, while still including embellishments of my own devising. Yáviérë – The harvest feast of Gondor The harvest feast-day of the Stewards' Reckoning of Gondor, lying between the months of Yavannië and Narquelië. On a modern calendar, Yáviérë would have fallen on 21 September. End note: It is best that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order, but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.