quietly, "have you ever heard the tale of Beren and Luthien?" He tried to recall for a moment – the names sounded familiar, and he was sure his mother or tutors had mentioned them before, but presently he was too on edge to readily remember the story. He smiled apologetically at her. "I may have, but I confess I do not remember any particulars just now." "Beren was a mortal who fell in love with the Elf-woman, Luthien, said to be the most beautiful Elf ever. Her father would only let them wed if he recovered a Silmaril from the Iron Crown of Morgoth. With Luthien's help, he was able to do so, but the wolf who guarded Morgoth's gates bit off Beren's hand and swallowed the jewel. Eventually, Beren was able to kill the wolf and recover the jewel, but he was mortally wounded and died. Luthien followed him in death because of her grief. But while they were in the Halls of Mandos, Luthien sang a song of such extraordinary power and beauty that Mandos was moved and she was allowed to return to Middle-earth as a mortal, along with Beren, and there dwelt for a time in happiness." Elfwine digested this information, while he waited for her to make her point in telling it to him. At length, she continued gently, "My husband would have you believe that I rival Luthien's beauty, but I do not think my appearance any better than that of other Elves. Even so, like Luthien – and Dariel – I am able to see past a missing hand, and look upon the heart and soul of a person. You are good and fair, and a fine young man. Do not be uneasy in the presence of those you deem more physically appealing. I judge you by what you are, not by what you lack." Elfwine could not conceal a blush of embarrassment that she seemed to have read his thoughts. "Forgive me," he said, averting his eyes. "I am still adjusting to the loss and am not yet entirely comfortable with myself." With a smile, Arwen rose and moved to stand in front of him. Catching his chin to raise his face to look at her, she said softly, "Do not apologize. I understand." She bent down and kissed his brow affectionately, as she had done before on occasion. At that moment, Elessar entered the room, raising an eyebrow at the two of them. Arwen poured another glass of mead and took it to her husband, then recovered her own glass and told them, "I will leave the two of you to your discussion." Elessar sipped his mead while she exited, and then turned his eyes to Elfwine. Rising from the seat he had taken behind his desk, he moved to Elfwine's side and knelt on one knee, reaching for Elfwine's right arm. "May I?" he asked. Elfwine hesitated briefly, then realized it was ludicrous to do so since the king had been the one to treat his injury in the first place. He offered his arm for examination, and Elessar studied it a few minutes. "It has healed well. Does it trouble you at all?" Elfwine shook his head. "No, it does not hurt. It is just...inconvenient." Elessar chuckled as he stood. "Yes, I would imagine so, but Dariel's letters have indicated you are doing well in overcoming the difficulties." Picking up his glass again, he took another swallow, then eyed the young man. "So, what did you wish to speak with me about, Elfwine?" All things considered, Elessar was fairly certain he already knew the topic that would come up, but he allowed Elfwine to proceed as he wished. Clearing his throat, Elfwine played with the glass in his hand, then hastily set it down and rose to stand at attention before the king. "I...I would like to request the hand of your daughter, Dariel, in marriage, my lord. She has accepted my suit and I wish to have your blessing upon our union." Elessar turned away to hide his amused smile. Elfwine was always so earnest, even though his parents were quite relaxed. Despite his amusement, and his inclination to tease the boy, he checked himself. Asking a girl's father for permission to marry her was always a nerve-racking experience, and he did not wish to prolong the boy's misery. "I will need to discuss the matter with my wife, and my advisers will expect to have the right to approve as well, I am afraid, but I should be able to give you an answer by dinner tomorrow." The young man swallowed convulsively and nodded. "Thank you, my lord. I will await your decision." Chuckling, Elessar approached him and caught him by the back of the neck. "Elfwine, do not be so agitated. Do you truly suppose I will object to my daughter marrying a fine young man whom she dearly loves? I cannot presently think of any reason why I would not accept your suit for my daughter. Now, please, go and relax. We will talk more tomorrow." Elfwine gratefully nodded. "Thank you, King Elessar!" Quickly he headed for the door, finally drawing a relieved breath at having this meeting over and done. He found Dariel in the garden, as agreed, and she rushed into his arms to greet him warmly. "How did it go?" she asked, as their kiss ended. "Well, I think. Your father said he should have an answer for me by dinner tomorrow. He needs to mention it to his advisers first and talk it over with your mother. But I think he will agree to it." "Of course he will!" she reassured her love. "This is all just formality. My parents adore you, Elfwine. They would never wish to keep us apart, I am sure." He pulled her close and embraced her tightly, grateful for her words. She was right. Neither of her parents had given him reason to worry about this.