was feeling pleased that some of it was making sense to him. Wisely, Lothiriel had focused her efforts using horse-related words, which spurred his interest all the more. Elfwine joined them for dinner, and had enough time before he had to go back to accompany Caffola to the stables and let him take an apple to Mithlig. Caffola would have gladly whiled away the afternoon in the barn, but Lothiriel had made it clear that she expected him back at the Golden Hall for more lessons. So, parting ways, he trudged back to Meduseld while Elfwine returned to the training field. The next sennight followed much the same pattern and, by the end of the week, Caffola could read and write a few simple things. On days when training ended early, Elfwine would either show him around town, or they would get an escort and go riding for a while. Caffola had not asked, but Elfwine knew he would prefer not riding Mithlig, who was getting on in years, so he provided another horse for him, and Mithlig was allowed to get his exercise in a paddock without the burden of a rider on his back. Even so, Caffola faithfully visited him daily to curry him and give him a treat. Things had settled into such a familiar pattern, that it rather jolted Caffola when the king called him into his study one evening, along with Elfwine and Lothiriel. He had become comfortable here, but it now occurred to him that this was not his family and likely he could not stay with them forever. Somehow, he was certain the king was bringing them together to discuss his future. Once everyone was seated, Caffola nervously eyed the king. He had always liked and admired King Eomer, since the first moment they had met when Caffola was only six years of age. Now the king's eyes came to rest upon him and he found it difficult to hold the man's gaze. "Caffola, while we have enjoyed having you stay with us, I have been considering your situation and I believe I have come up with a plan that you will find agreeable." Caffola's eyes flicked up questioningly, now unable to look away from the king while he waited to hear his fate. "I have talked to Byldan, who oversees my herds and raises my horses for me. He has agreed for you to come stay with him, and he will teach you what you need to know to work alongside him. His family is grown and gone from home, so it will be possible for you to live with him while you are there." Eomer's glance twitched to his wife and he added with a grin, "And his wife has agreed to continue the boy's studies in the evenings!" Lothiriel smiled approvingly at her husband, but made no comment. Caffola sat silently for several minutes then, staring at his hands, he clarified, "You are sending me away?" "No, I am not. I am sending you where you can learn what you truly wish to know – all there is to know about horses. You will be able to care for them and ride them all the day long. Does that sound like a punishment to you?" Eomer asked with a grin. Ruefully, Caffola shook his head. "No, my lord…I just…I will miss all of you greatly." Eomer smiled at the earnest sentiment; the boy had always been quite forward in his dealings with his king so it was hardly surprising he still continued to be so. "And we will miss you, but we will see you several times a year. My herd is kept in the Folde, so it is nearby, and Byldan comes to Edoras regularly to keep me abreast of how things are going and bring in new horses." Caffola hesitated, but then asked, "What about later, when I am sixteen? Will I come back to Edoras and join an eored then?" Despite the question, there was a notable lack of eagerness in the inquiry, which Eomer readily noted. "We will see about that when the time comes. It may be that you will prefer to continue working with the herds instead, but if you would rather be a Rider, we will let you try." There was another long pause, and then Caffola asked, "What about Mithlig?" "Mithlig will go with you and live out his days on the grasslands, rather than cooped up in a barn all the time. And I believe he will be happier if you are nearby to bring him treats!" Eomer assured the boy, and was rewarded with a dazzling grin in response. For several moments, Caffola sat digesting all this information. Then, abruptly, he was up out of his chair and had rushed to the king, flinging his arms around him in a tight hug. "Thank you, my lord!" Smiling, over Caffola's shoulder at his wife and son, he returned the embrace as he murmured, "You are very welcome, young horse master." THE END 8/2/06-8/5/06 Elfwine is 16, Theodwyn 9, Theomund 7 and Morwen 3; FYI, Rider of Rohan took place in June of this same year Byldan - "encourage" End note: It is best that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order, but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.