her. She did not think you sincere because she could not see it for herself. A few public comments on her beauty will not convince her. You must woo her daily in private, and refuse all her efforts to believe otherwise about herself. If she is as dear to you as you say, is she not worth the effort?" He rose, needing to return to his office, but quietly added, "Your mother and I, Faramir and Eowyn, even Elfwine and Dariel – our greatest joy is in finding new ways to express our love for each other. I truly hope you and Luthiel can find that joy also, and surrender this squabbling. Give up your pride and the unhappiness it brings, and try a new course." xx Eldarion remained in the garden a long time after his father left, considering what he had said. He wanted, desperately wanted, his marriage to be like those Elessar had mentioned, not this constant conflict. Squaring his jaw, he straightened and stood. He would make that happen, whatever it took. If he failed once, he would try again, and again, and again – until he made it work. He could do this. He would do this. He was not sure where he would find Luthiel, but he took the chance that she would be in their chambers. The evidence of the previous night's drama had been removed. He could only imagine what the servants whispered about them below stairs. Well, he was about to give them new things to speak of regarding this royal couple! His wife was there, and she had been crying, it was evident. She looked up at him resentfully when he entered, crossing her arms in a gesture of defiance, but saying nothing. This, too, was a familiar element in their pattern – first the yelling and fighting, then the stony silence in the aftermath. Glancing around, he saw the bath was now drained, but a pitcher of water stood on a stand by a basin for hand washing. Moving to it, he poured out a goodly amount, then stepped over and held out his hand to her. After several moments, she curiously let him have hers and stiffly allowed him to lead her to the basin. Stepping behind her, he pressed her forward slightly so she was leaning over it and could see her reflection in the water. "You are beautiful , beloved. You were beautiful when I met you, and you have only grown more beautiful with each passing day." She began pulling away from him in disbelief of this nonsense, but he held her fast. "It is the truth ! It is what I see. Perhaps it is not what you see – I cannot help that – but to me you are extraordinary! And carrying our child has made you even more wondrous. What I said about you last night was meant to compliment you, not mock or ridicule. Never that! You are the most precious thing in my life, beloved, and I will spend the rest of my days proving it to you. But never, NEVER, think I would ridicule you or think you unattractive." His arms tightened around her, as he fought for composure and struggled for what else to say to convince her. Slowly he turned her in his arms to face him and, for a moment, he rested his forehead on hers, then slowly he lifted sorrowful eyes to her questioning ones. "I know I sometimes slip back into my old, arrogant habits, Luthiel, but I love you, my sweet, more than words can ever tell. You seem to grow more beautiful and wondrous to me with each passing day, and I can scarce believe you ever accepted me. I do not deserve you, beloved, but I would die if I ever lost you. Please forgive me!" He buried his face in her neck and wept, clinging tightly to her. Standing thus, holding him, there could be no doubting his sincerity. Suddenly Luthiel heaved a gasping sob of regret, and burst into tears, wrapping her arms about his neck. He must be completely mad to think her beautiful, looking like this! The dear, dear man! Oh how she loved him! And she had been so horribly cruel to him last night! They stood unmoving for a very long time, until slowly their emotions eased and they began to wipe at their damp faces. With a soft smile, Luthiel queried teasingly, "Shall I make it up to you, my love, for tossing you from our bedchamber last night – and from our bed?" The sultry note in her voice left no doubt of her intent, and he blinked in surprise and delight at the offer. "Now?" It was yet early afternoon. Her smile deepened, as her fingers carded through the hair on each side of his head, drawing him toward her and grazing his lips with her own, momentarily catching his lower lip playfully with her teeth. "We have much apologizing to do. This could take some time!" A silly grin slid over Eldarion's face. Father was right. He did much prefer this to quarreling! THE END 7/5/06 – 7/12/06 End note: It is best that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order, but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.