and try to bolt toward the edge of the camp to escape. "Oh, no, my friend, I think not," Eothain murmured, dashing around a couple of tents on an intercept course. The man was too busy looking back, to make sure he wasn't being followed, to notice Eothain barreling at him from the shadows. Eothain crashed into him, putting the full weight of his body behind the impact; consequently, his victim went flying, tripped over a tent stake and crashed to the ground, where he lay moaning. Unceremoniously, Eothain grabbed him by the ankle and towed him back to the other captives. Three! He had only seen eight or nine in the brigand's camp. Certainly he had gotten his share! Around him, the fighting was winding down. Ceorl apparently had spread the word about Eothain's victim pile, for the other brigands were being dragged or herded to that location also. Any who were yet breathing were tied securely and a guard set over them. "Did any get away?" Eomer asked, joining the group. The men murmured in the negative, and the general consensus was that all had been felled, either by death or injury. Eothain's count had been correct, there were eight of them. Two were dead. The other six would be delivered to King Elessar on their upcoming visit. "In the morning we will send a message rider to Gondor. I wanted these men captured first so they could not harm the rider. I will attempt to get Lothiriel to provide more information on her family." Eothain yawned and stretched. "Well, then, I am off to bed. A good night's work, men!" Eomer grinned at his retreating form, then turned to the others. "Six back on guard duty around the camp. Two watch this lot. If they are not cooperative, kill them." He made sure to speak in Westron to let any captives not unconscious know of his instructions. "And good night to the rest of you. Well done." Eothain had not gone straight back to the tent. Eomer found him at the opening of Lothiriel's tent, conversing with her. "It is quite done, my lady. You need fear them no longer. They will be returned to Gondor for punishment – those that survived." In the moonlight, Eomer could see tears glinting in her eyes, and her voice was husky as she replied, "Thank you, Eothain. And please thank the others also. I am glad no one was hurt of your men. I will sleep easier now. Good night." She glimpsed Eomer as she was turning back into the tent, and gave a silent dip of her head in acknowledgement. A part of Eomer knew that he should have been the one to offer her reassurance, but Eothain's relaxed manner meant the captain was more comfortable establishing friendships with people, especially women. Most of Eomer's life had been focused on warfare, and there had been little inclination and even less attention paid to social graces. That would have to change now that he was king; leading his men in battle would still be necessary on occasion, but there were other demands also. The Eorlingas looked to him to wed and provide an heir to carry on the line of Eorl. He could not hope to accomplish that if he remained just a dour military commander. With a sigh, he followed Eothain into the tent. It had been a long night after a full day. Rest was what he needed most just now. TBC xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Betersel – "more happiness" – Eomer's housekeeper at Aldburg Ceorl – rider of Rohan, in Eomer's company (a ceorl was an independent peasant landowner; also contains the element éo meaning "horse") Glydged – "slippery speech" – stableman at Aldburg who was injured in the war Wídfara - may mean something like "far traveller" or "wide wanderer"; he was a Rider of Rohan and fought on the Pelennor, but now has taken over running the inn from his aged father. Lachthoniel – "flame kindler" – waspish woman in Minas Tirith who is eager to gossip Blidhe – "gentle, kind" - servant girl at Aldburg who attends Lothiriel Metehad – "small person" – servant girl at Meduseld who attends Lothiriel Borduin – "faithful river" – elderly servant in Lossarnach who was struck down by the bandits when Lothiriel was kidnapped Belthoniel – "kindler of strength" [Bell (or bel) – strong; -thoniel – kindler (fem.)] – servant in Lossarnach with healing skills; in this story, she is a sister of Ioreth Seftehad – "pleasant person" – Ceorl's betrothed Cielbrand – "cold sword" – Rider who rode with Ceorl in showing Dunharrow to Lothiriel Heorleod – "pleasant man" – minstrel who was at Minas Tirith for battle and learned Gondorian music Madalwin – "meeting friend" – one of Eomer's advisers who tries to suggest Lothiriel as a possible queen choice Caladael – "pool of light" – Lothiriel's maidservant in Gondor Balaras – "powerful deer" – Imrahil's steward at Dol Amroth Wigmer – "famous battle or warrior" – Eomer's esquire END NOTE: Until now, in many of my stories, including a couple of times in the Elfwine Chronicles, I have made use of the Dimholt as faster passage between Rohan and Belfalas. While it is true that Aragorn and company made that trip at need, even with the Dead being gone, discussions with Certh and further reading lead me to conclude it is not a viable route on a casual basis. Parts are steep and difficult to traverse, and even Gimli who was used to the darkness underground commented on how very dark it was through the mountain passage. Neither did the horses want to go into the tunnel and had to be persuaded. I will not attempt to go back and correct earlier stories that have made use of this route, and that includes in the Elfwine Chronicles – for continuity sake, it will remain a possible route. But going forward, future stories will be accurate to the actuality.