saw fit until the king was able to resume his duties. They were not satisfied with this answer, but it was the best Gamling could give them, and they had no other choice but to do so. Even Elfhelm and Eothain, who had been close friends of the king prior to this, were turned away when they came to visit. They and Gamling shared dark looks over the situation, but none spoke of their greatest concern – that the king would never come to terms with this or return to the throne. As men, and warriors, it was not that they were unsympathetic to Eomer's circumstances. In truth, they were uncomfortably aware that, but for the grace of the Valar, it might be one of them facing this nightmare. But the most pressing need was to find a way to help Eomer cope, and they felt inadequate to that task. xxxxx Prince Imrahil was surprised when it was announced that his nephew, Faramir, had arrived to see him. There had been no dispatch advising of an impending visit, and he found that curious. Faramir strode quickly into the room, and just by his grave countenance, Imrahil knew this was not merely a social call. "Uncle, I must speak with you and Lothiriel at once," he announced without preamble. Imrahil nodded and signaled to the servant, "Would you find my daughter and send her to me?" The servant bowed and exited to his task. When they were alone, Imrahil gave Faramir a questioning look and his nephew told him, "I will wait to go into detail once Lothiriel is here, but it concerns Eomer and it is not good news. She will likely need our support in this." Again Imrahil nodded, though trepidation flooded through him. He had thought Lothiriel and Eomer had finally found happiness with each other. He very much hoped this was only a passing matter that could be overcome, for he did not wish to see either suffer. A few moments later, Lothiriel joined them and Faramir took her hands as he sat down beside her. He thought for a moment how best to phrase his message, then finally pulled out a letter from his pocket and handed it to her to read. When she was done, she passed it to her father and sat staring at the floor. Once Imrahil looked up from reading, Faramir said, "I am sure Eomer is upset by this injury and not thinking clearly. Eowyn would go to Edoras if she could, but the baby is not old enough to travel such a distance yet. Despite his not wanting you told about this, Lothiriel, I think you should go to him. He needs you there, whether he realizes it or not." Both her father and cousin watched her closely to see her reaction. At last she pulled her gaze from the floor and rose. "If an escort can be ready on the morrow, I will be prepared to depart first thing in the morning." Her father stood and moved to embrace her. "I will arrange for it. And when Amrothos returns from Minas Tirith, I will send him along to join you." He kissed her forehead and she gave him a watery smile. "I will be all right, Father. Do not worry about me." She pulled free from his arms and stepped to her cousin. Giving him a hug, she said softly, "Thank you for letting me know, Faramir. And thank Eowyn for ignoring his wishes in the matter. Assure her I will take good care of him for her." Faramir kissed her head as well, "She already knows you will. That is why she wanted you to be told." Lothiriel moved slowly from the room, but with each step her stride became firmer and brisker, and she raced up the stairs to her bedchamber. Quickly she began pulling out clothing for the trip and told her maid-servant, "Fetch bags for me to pack in – not trunks. I want to travel as light as possible so as to shorten the journey." The servant nodded and hastily exited. When she returned with the requested bags, they set about packing the belongings that were laid out on the bed. Within little over an hour, all was packed that could be today. A few last minute items would be added in the morning before their departure. And then Lothiriel was left alone to her thoughts. The implications of Eomer's paralysis were not lost on her. A king was supposed to lead his men into battle, when necessary, and was also expected to produce an heir. Both of those activities were in jeopardy by this injury. And for a man, especially a warrior, that would be a difficult thing to accept. She tried to envision life with a man who could not walk or do many of the things a husband normally would, but it was difficult to picture Eomer in that setting. He was so robust and full of life that it seemed impossible anything could keep him down. And she was not the only one affected. How would the people of Rohan react? Would they want a different king who was not so impaired? If Eomer stepped down, then Eowyn would be the natural replacement, but would she and Faramir wish to give up their new home and titles and responsibilities in Gondor? Undoubtedly, Eowyn would not leave her country to fend for itself, but it would not be an easy decision for them to make. Lothiriel had always loved children, and hoped to have many of her own. Could she let go of that dream without causing Eomer to feel as if he had failed her? Question after question chased through her mind, but few solid answers manifested themselves. The only thing she was certain of was her love for Eomer, and her determination to do all she could to get them both through this experience without it driving them apart.