off for some profit to our country; only I seemed concerned that her marriage be more than a mere political alliance." For a moment, he became lost in his thoughts, and his eyes slipped closed. Just as they began to think he had fallen asleep once more, his eyes flickered back open and he pressed on, saying, "You two imps did not make it easy, with your sneaking around behind everyone's backs while falling in love, but I could not have hoped for a grander outcome." All three chuckled slightly at his words, before Imrahil concluded what he wanted to express, "Continue to treasure her, though I am sure you will, and continue to treasure your wonderful family." Eomer sniffed once, stifling the tears pricking at this throat and eyes. "How could I not, my dear friend? Much of value was exchanged between Rohan and Gondor after the War, but none benefited so greatly as did I. The Riddermark owes a tremendous debt to the generous Lord of Dol Amroth, for he gave us the greatest treasure imaginable." Lothiriel was now weeping freely at the exchange between two of the men she loved most in life, touched by their sentiments. Before she could completely lose her composure, however, Imrahil spoke again, his voice almost too soft to catch his words. "I would see the children, before my time is gone." Lothiriel nodded and rose, pressing a handkerchief to her damp face. Once Eomer had summoned the family members in, he and Lothiriel stepped into the hallway, where he pulled her into a tight embrace. "I meant it, you know. You are the greatest gift I have ever been given, my love. I am sorry we were not able to get you home to Dol Amroth more often after our marriage. I know.…" Words failed him and he simply held her close. For several minutes, Lothiriel wept against his chest, soaking his tunic. At length, she drew a quaking breath and murmured, "I do not regret my time with you, beloved. You need not apologize. It is the way of life for a woman to leave her home and go to be with her husband. You did the best you could in getting me back here as often as might be. Do not reproach yourself on that score." "Mother?" Elfwine said softly from the doorway. "Come quickly. I think his time is short." As his parents hurried inside, Elfwine moved quickly down the corridor to summon the rest of Imrahil's family also. Moments later, the room was filled with all of them gathered around the bed of the family patriarch. Smiling with pleasure at the sight of their beloved faces, Imrahil closed his eyes and drew a final breath. THE END 5/12/07 – 8/6/07 A/N2: FYI: Amrothos sent the letter to Eomer rather than directly to Lothiriel, not wanting her to see it until Eomer was around to console her. As the messenger indicated it was urgent, he immediately sent a page in search of his wife to deliver the letter. She had not been in the main hall when the messenger arrived, but returned there before the page found her. FYI: Halls of Mandos - It was to the Halls of Mandos that the spirits of Elves and Men were gathered to await their different fates, and so Mandos was given its common name of the Halls of Waiting. After a time, the near-immortal Elves could be re-embodied, and return from the Halls to their kin in Aman. Men had a different fate, a fate which, even among the Lords of Valinor, only Mandos and Manwë truly understood. (excerpt from The Encyclopedia of Arda on the internet at glyphweb) 27 IV Apr Freawine chosen for the King's Guard [Frealaf, Second to Eothain, retires and Kialmar replaces him 28 IV Jun Cirion born (s of Elfwine/Dariel) 30 IV Sep Gerisen born (s of Freawine/Theodwyn) 31 IV late Jul Selinnan born (d of Elfwine/Dariel) 34 IV Arlof born (d of Freawine/Thw); Imrahil probably died, age 98 [E 63; L 55; Elf 33; Thw 26; Theomund, 24; Morwen, 20; Theodred, 11 42 IV Apr Eothain turns 70, retires – replaced by Kialmar as head of King's Guard w/Freawine as Second Elfwine – Arawine 11, Cirion 6, Selinnan 3; Theodwyn – Gerisen 4, Arlof born in 34 IV; Theomund & Morwen – unmarried Theomund hadn't met Fele & Morwen hadn't met Caranhir; Gamling is still Doorward; Kialmar is 2nd to Eothain in King's Guard Group 1: Eothain, Lothiriel, Elfwine Group 2: Kialmar, Eomer, Theomund, Morwen, Theodred, Arawine Note to Readers: Considering the iffy nature of ffn's posting alerts for stories, I am thinking of setting up a mailing list for my readers. If you would like me to add your email to the list, send me an email saying so (dalleyan at mindspring dotcom). If I post a story and do not receive a Story alert in my own email, I will assume no one else did and send one myself. I will not use this list for any other purpose, or share it with anyone else. It will only be used to alert you to the posting of my stories. End note: It is best that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order, but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.