Éowyn inside. When she heard the doors clash shut behind her, she could feel her heart sink into her stomach. As much as she had wished that this was all a horrible nightmare that she would soon awaken from, it wasn't . And that was made very clear when Gríma slowly turned her around, placed his left hand on her right shoulder, and with his right hand, softly brushed her cheek . As much as she tried to avoid eye contact with him, she could feel herself becoming almost listless, and finally allowed her eyes to slowly meet up to his. A false smile of concern came upon his face. "I am sorry that your Uncle has forced your brother to leave you here, alone , my dear. But, you do know that he has only you and the people of Rohan at his best interest". Éowyn didn't say even one word in response to Gríma. She didn't look away from his piercing gaze. She felt as if she couldn't even move. All she knew, was that her world was changing, and in the worst possible ways. "Come, my dear. Let me lead you to your rooms, as I'm sure you'd like to rest before the servants announce the call for dinner". He gave her one last soft caress on her cheek, and slowly turned her away from him. With his hand once again on her lower back , he lead her down the corridors to where her one place of privacy and solitude was . It was if she didn't even remember the way to her own rooms. By this time, the sun had set, and darkness filled the castle and all its corridors, with the exception of the flickering flames of the candles that lined the tall, stone walls. Gríma looked down upon his treasured Éowyn, standing right in front of him . While he was so very tempted to grab her and embrace his beloved , he had to resist . …For now, at least. His time would come . He knew this . And he knew it wouldn't be long… It wasn't until the large wooden door, lined and decorated with metal embellishments made a cracking sound as it opened, did Éowyn come back to reality. She softly wiped a tear from her cheek, and went to enter her room. She could both hear and feel Gríma following behind her , and entering her room right behind her. She froze ; Her eyes grew wide with intense fear of the unknown. Never had she ever allowed Gríma to enter her room. Nor had he even been this close to this wing of the castle. …At least to her knowledge. But little did she know, he did , and he had been this close many , many times , both in recent nights and in the past. Gríma had to resist his strong urge to embrace and lay a passionate kiss on his beloved, his treasured Éowyn . He stared at her from behind. He gazed her from the crown of her beautiful, long, golden hair, to the very bottom of the beautiful, elegant gown that gently touched the floor. As much as knowing his intimidation weakened her , he did feel a bit of guilt conjuring up inside him for bringing pain upon the one he secretly loved, lusted for, and desired so dearly , he had to break the silence and let her be. "May I bring you anything, my lady?", he asked in an unusually odd, concerned, almost caring tone. She couldn't bring herself to completely turn around and look at him, but somehow , she managed to slowly face him over her shoulder. "No…thank you", she replied, and slowly turned back to her original stance. "Then I shall see you at dinner", he said, and slowly closed the door to her room, but not without once again gazing her up and down . He felt like he could admire her beauty for the rest of his life, but he had other things to tend to, and with that, he shut Éowyn's door. Listless, mentally exhausted, confused, angered, frustrated…and alone . She turned away from her bed, but she was close enough so that when she fell back, as if she had been hit with an arrow, she landed on the soft furs that covered it. Tears began to stream from her beautiful eyes, but she didn't make a single sound . What was the point? Who would hear it? Gríma ? A servant ? Gríma was the last person she wanted to see, as she had finally ridden herself of him, even if for only an hour at the most, until the call that dinner was to be served would come. While she was always kind, polite, and appreciative of those whom served and catered to her and her family's needs, she knew no one would understand what was happening to her . Her world, as she knew it, was slowly crumbling . Her dear cousin, Théodred, was so very close to death. She lay there wondering if he was even still alive . That thought only further deepened her pain. She couldn't bring herself to go to him. Not now . Her beloved Uncle, King Théoden, was under some sort of bizarre, life-draining spell which was cast upon him by Saruman. Gríma was the one making orders and practically running not only her home, the castle, but the entire Kingdom of Rohan , since Théoden was too weak to do anything. Even speaking was becoming a challenge for him. The few words he was able to mutter were nearly always directed towards Gríma, if anyone. Her brother, protector and best friend, Éomer, was banished from their own home, their Kingdom. ' What is to become of me ?' she silently asked herself in her own mind. Tears continued to flow from her eyes, and she quietly cried herself into a light slumber…