you! I truly thought it was the only way to save you!" "I know, I know," she soothed, stroking his head comfortingly, and pulling him closer into her embrace. Elfwine quietly shut the door the remainder of the way, and slowly undressed, pondering what he had witnessed. Could he have been mistaken? He lay awake quite a while considering the matter, but weariness finally overtook him and he slept. The next morning, breakfast was a somber affair as the family ate in silence. The events of the previous day were still fresh in everyone's minds, and no one knew how to broach the hurtful subject. At length, Lothiriel took a deep breath and plunged in. This had to be put to rest. "Elfwine, in a battle situation, it is sometimes necessary to do things in what may appear to be a heartless manner. But warriors must make decisions, based on their skill and experience, about how best to accomplish their goal. Newer soldiers do not always understand the wisdom of their more seasoned leaders, but they have to trust them to know what they are doing. And you must trust your father to know what he was doing when he acted yesterday." Elfwine had thought much about what he had seen and heard yesterday and last night. He found it difficult to believe that his mother was deceived, but still… Struggling to come to grips with this, he asked, "But why?" He didn't elaborate, but Eomer seemed to understand the question and spoke for the first time. "Once you were free, the only pawn they had was your mother. If they believed we cared about her, they would use her to keep us at bay and control the situation. They could have prolonged it for days, with us not daring to act for fear of her being harmed. And in the meantime, they could have… hurt her…without killing her." His eyes flicked to Lothiriel, and she reached a hand over to grasp his. Swallowing hard he continued, "But if they believed we did not care about her, they would have no reason to keep her as a shield or a weapon against us. My words were intended to convince them we cared not, so they would cast her aside and fight or run, particularly once we attacked them. And that is what they did. Your mother knew I did not mean my words, and so did all she could to watch and help us in our efforts. She slumped to the ground as added encouragement for the one holding her to give her up and flee. Once she was free, she looked for me to come to her aid, as she knew I would." Elfwine pondered this explanation. It did seem to make a certain sense, but how could his father say those things if he didn't mean them. As if reading his thoughts, Eomer told him, "I said it because I had to, son. I would do whatever is necessary to protect your mother, even if it means saying things I do not truly mean…or dying." A wave of shame swept through Elfwine and tears sprang to his eyes. He wrestled with his emotions for a moment, his head bowed, and then sprang up from his seat and rushed to his father. Flinging his arms around Eomer's neck, he sobbed, "I am sorry, Papa! I do not hate you! I did not mean it either!" The iron fist gripping his heart in an icy stranglehold finally eased, and relief flooded through Eomer. Clutching the boy to him, Eomer wept also. Lothiriel, too, wiped at her eyes, pleased the matter was resolved in a positive manner. As their emotion subsided, Eomer pulled back to look in his son's eyes, one hand on the side of the boy's head. "Know this, Elfwine, I love your mother and you and Theodwyn more than anything else in this world. You may be certain of that, no matter what anyone says to the contrary, including me. I will take that love with me to my grave." Elfwine nodded convulsively, and hugged his father again, before finally returning to his seat. After staring at his food a moment, he glanced up and announced, "And I will never doubt you again, Papa! Someday, hopefully, I will be as wise a soldier as you are." Eomer smiled sadly, and answered, "I hope you learn from my knowledge, but I hope you never have to gain it from personal experience. My wisdom came at a very high price." His words were sobering, but Lothiriel saw no reason to linger on this subject longer. Turning their attention to other things, she inquired about what had been happening in Edoras during their absence, and after a time, her husband began to tell them the news. Elfwine joined in with tales of their travels and visit with the relatives in Dol Amroth, and gradually the family wandered back to a happier atmosphere. But in her heart, Lothiriel knew Eomer would never forget these two days, and likely neither would Elfwine. THE END 9-2-05 End note: It is not essential that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written, but there is an advantage to doing so. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order (#15 came after #17, I think), but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.