reseated herself next to him. "Let me see your leg." He glanced down. The shoulder had hurt the most and he had forgotten the twinge he felt there. Hesitantly he asked, "Do I need to remove my..." With a slight blush, she shook her head, "No, that is not necessary. I can treat it well enough. It is not so severe as your shoulder." Her fingers moved gently over the wound, then she looked up at him, "Does it hurt?" "It aches a bit, but it does not hurt." "Good. I think we were able to prevent any infection there. It bled out. The shoulder is the biggest problem." She medicated and rebandaged his leg. Moving back to his shoulder, she pulled the blanket off and set to work draining some remaining pus and repacking the wound before applying a fresh bandage. Rising she said softly, "Up, Leander. Let us get ready." The horse rose and moved away from them before shaking himself all over. She signalled the horse after her, "Go and eat, and then we will pack up." She let the horse out of the cave and returned to collect the blankets and supplies that were scattered about. Once the camp was struck, she motioned for Legolas to follow her and they slipped out of the cave, re-covering it and removing any evidence of its existence. Moving quickly, she began gathering more of various plants into two sacks that she carried. Legolas could only trail along behind and watch since he did not know what precisely she was gathering or why. At length she finished and gave a piping whistle. A moment later Leander trotted into view and stopped in front of her. Within minutes he was bridled and packed and they mounted, with Módwyn riding in back. "South, Leander, to Helm's Deep," she told the horse and he set off at an easy canter. After a good hour and half, she could feel Legolas' muscles tensing and suspected he was tiring and possibly beginning to feel some pain. She reached up and removed his bow from his back and then took an arrow from his quiver. "What are you doing?" he asked as he felt her movements behind him. "We need to eat." Then to the horse she said, "Leander, raise some birds." Leander veered to the right toward a low brushy area. Módwyn instructed Legolas, "Lean forward along his neck as much as you can." Within a few moments, a bird was startled up from the brush and she quickly shot it. A second one followed and met the same fate. "That is enough, Leander." The horse swung back and came to a stop near the second fallen bird. While Módwyn retrieved it, the horse moved toward the other bird and she followed on foot. Removing the arrows, she handed them and the bow back up to Legolas, and put the birds in a sack across the horse's withers. Suddenly, Leander's head jerked up and he let out an alarmed snort. Módwyn's head snapped around, searching for the cause of his warning. Legolas seemed to realize there was danger and offered his arm for her to swing up. Almost as soon as she did, he heard them – the pounding of many feet and spotted the small party of orcs headed in their direction. "Go, Leander!" she instructed and the horse wheeled and set off. Orc arrows began whizzing nearby. "Can you ride and shoot at them?" Legolas called to her over his shoulder. "No, not backwards. I'm not that good," she answered. "Move back as far as you can," he instructed. As she did, he slid back as well, then turned to look at her over his right shoulder. "Reach up and grab around my neck. I am going to swing you in front of me." She nodded her understanding and did as she was told. His right arm caught her tightly around the waist and for an instant she was suspended alongside him. Quickly he pulled her forward and she settled in front. "Are you secure?" he asked, and at her nod, he strung an arrow and began returning fire at their pursuers. She leaned along the horse's neck, "Faster, Leander! Outrun them!" A few moments later, Legolas stopped firing, realizing they had gotten out of range. He kept an eye on their followers until finally they slowed and veered off toward the east. "They are breaking off," he advised her. She let the horse ease his pace, but they continued on some distance until a hill hid them from view, and then swung into a rocky area and stopped. Immediately, Legolas slid down and found a vantage point to check their surroundings for any other dangers. Finding none, he returned to where she was building a fire and sat down on a nearby rock. He was startled a moment later to see her stroke each bird and whisper something over them before she prepared the meat for cooking. Elves always honored the sacrifice of any animal to provide food, but it was something he rarely saw done among Men. The meal was quickly cooked and while they were eating, she was heating water and provided him with another brew of painkiller. In the rush of the attack, he had forgotten the discomfort he had been feeling but now it was beginning to be far more noticeable. She cleaned up the eating utensils while it took effect, then rechecked his wounds and redressed the shoulder. When they continued their journey, he had her ride in front in case they encountered any further attacks. This time she urged Leander to greater speed. She had avoided pushing him because of the distance and carrying double, but now it seemed more urgent to get within the walls of the stronghold. There would be time for resting then. from the Old English mód meaning "heart, mind."; the Old English words wyn meaning "joy."; Módwyn means heart of joy