me, and pulled her into my embrace. If she was alarmed, she gave no indication of it. Her posture was perhaps tense for an instant, but then she melted against my chest and wept freely, as though flood waters long held back had suddenly been loosed. I was not consciously aware of what I was saying, but I believe I murmured soothing words as one hand cupped her head, and the other rubbed her back, until at length the storm passed and she stilled, save for an occasional hiccup or sniffle. And still we did not move apart. Having taken this step, I was committed to it, however long she required it of me. I wondered, somewhat, at the strength of my conviction to aid Lothiriel's recovery. I could not say why exactly it mattered so much to me, though perhaps it had to do with a sense of obligation to her father. Imrahil had rescued Eowyn when she appeared lost; now was my opportunity to repay the debt. At that thought, my arms tightened around her, holding her safe. At length, her composure slowly began to return, and along with it came a measure of embarassment for her show of emotion. Avoiding my eyes, she murmured strickenly, "I am so very sorry, my lord. Please forgive me!" Quietly, I replied, "There is no need. Such sorrow must be expressed or it will fester inside, and you will not heal." I very much hoped she would not question how I had learned that truth. At this moment, I did not feel up to relating the experiences which had led me to such an understanding, but I knew it to be true all the same. For a moment, she did not respond, but eventually nodded slowly in acceptance, then began to pull free of my embrace. Reluctantly I allowed her to do so, not entirely sure she should withdraw so quickly and, surprisingly, feeling a bit bereft with the loss of her warmth. We stood in silence, not meeting one another's gaze, both of us rather disconcerted by what had just been shared between us. "Your…your guard will wonder if we do not return soon. He cannot see us here." She was gazing back toward where Walda had settled on some rocks, and I turned to follow her glance, though I did not doubt her words. "He is not the nervous sort. He will not be alarmed unless we are absent far longer than this," I murmured in answer. Then, flicking a look back out over the sea, I sighed and asked, "What was it you saw that…affected you?" She gave me a stiff smile. "My mother loved the sea. Father sometimes teased her that she was not truly a woman, but a sprite come up out of the depths to seduce a mortal man!" At the look of surprise on my face, she laughed. "Do not be so amazed! Though you know the Prince and the warrior, there is much more to Imrahil of Dol Amroth! She loved him so! Whenever he would accuse her thus, she merely replied that she would gladly forsake the sea if it meant spending the rest of her days at his side. I think…I think she just did not expect those days to be so few." Her face fell again, as more tears slid down her cheeks, and I reached out to grip her shoulder supportively. "None of us knows the length of our days," I commented, "but it sounds to me as though she made the most of what she was given." She brushed at the tears still trickling from her eyes, but she smiled determinedly up at me. "Aye! Aye, she did!" We stood in silence, side by side, staring out to sea, and then almost without my noticing, she began strolling back the way we had come, steering a course to safer ground. The lady might have been flustered by my friendly attentions to her, but you could not discern it in her bearing. She had recovered her composure and continued on as though moments before she had not stood wrapped in my arms as she wept. I suppose I should not have found that unexpected, considering she was the daughter of a prince, but I was not convinced the storm had passed and her troubles had ended. I would continue watching until I truly believed she had turned the corner on her grief. TBC Sirrin – "river queen" Walda - from weald - "power" FYI: There are some distances given between locations for LOTR, but not all. I'm figuring it took about 4 days for the trip from Dol Amroth to Minas Tirith by boat, and the Riders traveling overland took about 9 days. So having set out 6 days before Eomer did, they arrived the day before he did. (and thanks to Lady Bluejay for giving me a more realistic reckoning of the travel time by boat) For this particular scenario, you'll have to assume the Fourth Age started in Sep, 3021 rather than in March as I usually have it. Shire Reckoning fixed the beginning of the Fourth Age to coincide with Frodo sailing to the Undying Lands in Sept. rather than the March reckoning Gondor tended to use. Tuilérë Spring holiday. Tuilere was a day between the months of March and April. It did not belong to either month. Tuilere and the autumn holiday Yaviere were added to the Revised Calendar of the Stewards' Reckoning created by Mardil in 2060. The Stewards' Reckoning was used in Gondor and other places where the Common Speech was spoken, but not in the Shire. The colour of deepest mourning among medieval European queens was white rather than black. This tradition survived in Spain until the end of the fifteenth century, and was again practiced by the Spanish-born Belgian Queen Fabiola of King Baudouin's funeral. It was the custom for the Queens of France to wear deuil blanc or "white mourning".