why she blushed at the offer. Smiling at her in his usual sociable manner, he replied, "And I look forward to seeing your home. I do not know how long it will be before we make our way north. Perhaps after we have seen all we wish to in the south, we will make use of the Anduin for the journey." "I...I hope you enjoy your travels. If you...I should be very pleased to hear from you on what you encounter. It all sounds very exciting." Theodred's eyebrows twitched at her comment; then he realized she was hinting for him to write to her. He shrugged. "I do not know how easily I may send letters, but perhaps I can find a way to send one. If not, I will tell you about my travels in person when I come." That seemed to satisfy her and she looked quite happy with the situation, even though her father was calling to her to board the boat. Final farewells were said and Theodred watched as the boarding planks were removed, lines cast off and the boat moved away. With a last wave from Theodred and Freahelm, the two returned to their horses. They were quickly mounted and on their way. They had been riding some time before Freahelm broke the silence. "So, do I detect an interest in Kata?" Theodred chuckled. "She is a sweet child, my friend. Nothing more." "Child? Theodred, the girl has just entered her eighteenth year – that means she is only two years younger than you! She is no child!" "She is very young for her age. I grant you she is charming and friendly, and very lovely, but she is still a child. I think there is a greater chance of something between you and Fritha than between me and her sister!" Freahelm gave a snort, answering, "I am the son of a soldier, and a soldier myself. I do not think it likely she is looking to be courted by such. And even if she is, her father is not apt to desire it." "Freahelm, they are less rigid in Dale. Surely you saw that. Do not underestimate your chances. If you like the girl, make some effort in wooing her." "Yes, I shall do that – from Dol Amroth..." Freahelm commented sarcastically. "All right!" Theodred laughed. "You make a valid point. Woo her when we go to visit, then." After a moment, Freahelm encouraged, "And you ought to give her sister greater consideration. I think there is more there than you presently acknowledge. And judging by the way she looks at you, I doubt very much she would object to your attentions." "Perhaps. I will keep it in mind when next I see her." TBC 4-23-06 Explanatory Note: Overland it is about 50 miles from Minas Tirith to Cair Andros. A person on horseback can probably cover 30-40 miles/day so it would take about 2 days. However, if there are wagons and such, the speed drops to about 15 miles per day, meaning it would take 3-4 days. I have assumed that since it is more than 40 years after the War, once the danger was past of nasties of Mordor, a road was built from Ithilien to Dale along the east side of Mirkwood (Eryn Lasgalen). It followed the North Road until that road split off to the east toward Mordor. A new road was built continuing on North and that is the route the Dale visitors are taking. Since it is a very long overland journey, they are sparing their horses that extra 50 miles. When they arrived, they left their wagons and such in a new port established at Cair Andros and sailed to Minas Tirith from there. They are returning to Cair Andros via the Anduin to pick up their wagons and continue on home. In a later chapter, when Theodred and Freahelm go to Dale, they do not take that road, which would have been the easiest, most direct route. Instead, they elect to follow the western shore of the Anduin since they are interested in visiting historical sites along the way. From my examination of everything I could find about the Anduin, I am convinced that the Anduin is not particularly "boatable" from about Cair Andros to the Falls of Rauros. Then farther north, the Undeeps make it difficult boating as well, except perhaps for smaller craft. Thus, when Theodred and Freahelm return home, they sail down the Anduin til they reach the Limlight River and then strike overland across Rohan. The Undeeps begin near that point. Wasn't sure how to name the folks from Dale, but in checking Thain's Book online I found that the known names seem to be Old Norse. I tracked down a website that gives Old Norse names and tried to come up with some that sounded like they fit in Middle-earth. (My apologies to Tolkien and anyone else who knows more about this than I do.) from Old Norse: Gird - meaning is uncertain; Fritha - "beloved"; Kata - "cheerful"; Darf - "bold, brave" End note: It is not essential that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written, but there is an advantage to doing so. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order (#15 came after #17, I think), but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.