making her way to the dining chamber. Generally, her father made it a point not to discuss military matters in front of her, not wanting to frighten or alarm her, but occasionally she wandered in on such. She was used to them curtailing their conversation when she appeared, but now Imrahil and his sons turned to look at her. She could not quite read the expression in their eyes or on their faces, but it made her uneasy. She had caught the word 'departure' as she was entering and she feared bad news was coming. Even so, not until supper was ended and the servants had cleared away all but their tea did Imrahil venture to enlighten her. She was rather surprised when he bid her remain, and something in her mother's countenance set her stomach churning with agitation. All eyes were on Imrahil. Though her brothers likely knew what he would say, and possibly even her mother did also, it was expected he would be the one to voice it for Lothiriel's benefit. With a sigh, he began. "I have tried not to worry you, dearest, with the difficulties we face, but now it cannot be avoided. The threat of Mordor grows daily and Denethor has requested we come. Your brothers and I will depart two days hence, to take the Swan Knights and an army of seven hundred to aid Minas Tirith's defense. Elphir will remain here with you and your mother, to assist in the rule of the City and to oversee the protection of Dol Amroth. I do not expect our city to come under attack, for I think the Dark Lord will focus all his efforts on destroying Minas Tirith first, but if the White City falls, then it is only a matter of time before the rest of Gondor crumbles as well." Lothiriel wondered how she could still be conscious when it seemed as though she had stopped breathing. Regardless of what she had imagined, this was far worse than expected. Her father continued, "I confess, I had hoped Mithrandir's prediction regarding you all those years ago might have signaled a brighter future than this for all of us, but it seems it is not to be. Be strong, my beloved child, and do all you can to help your mother and brother protect our people. And whatever else, know how very much I love you." All eyes were on her, and she wondered what they expected her to do or say. Swallowing hard, she spoke the first words that came to mind. "Safe journey, Father. May the Valar watch over you and see you safely home to us." None were fooled by her benign response, but there was nothing that could be said to reassure her that all would be well. They could not be certain if things would be well, and there was a very strong possibility that they would not all sit at the same table again once this was ended. "Is…is there anything you wish me to do to help you prepare?" Lothiriel managed to croak out, in a voice that sounded nothing like her own. Realizing it might help her to be useful, Imrahil suggested, "Your mother will assist me, but perhaps you will help Erchirion and Amrothos ready themselves. We must travel quick and light, so there will be no room for finery. Time is of the essence." After that, no one seemed to know what more to say, but none was willing to be the first to break their circle and leave the table. They lingered for nearly half an hour, sipping at their tea and talking quietly. At length, Imrahil decisively rose to set things in motion, and the family followed his lead. Lothiriel watched silently as her parents left the dining chamber arm in arm. Although she was used to seeing them walking thus, now her mother seemed almost to cling to her father's arm, as though wanting to hold him close to her. Amrothos' teasing voice broke her reverie, and she jumped slightly as he caught her by the waist. "Come. You can help me decide what to pack. Let Erchirion fend for himself!" Erchirion made a face at the two of them, but allowed them to exit the room without commenting. The pair had always been close, since Amrothos was nearest to Lothiriel in age, and likely it would help her most to spend some time with him. xx Two days later, at dawn, the family gathered in the yard below the palace steps. Lothiriel's face was drawn and tired, not having slept well. Her tears were long since shed. She had clung to Amrothos and sobbed that night Imrahil made the announcement, and it was very late before progress was made toward packing any of his belongings. She had wept into her pillow as well, though she had tried to make sure she was not heard. Now, as she watched the final preparations, she felt totally depleted, as though there was no moisture left in her body to come forth. Even her mouth felt dry as dust, and she swallowed several times in an attempt to relieve it. At last the moment came for the final hugs, and kisses pressed to forehead or cheek. Imrahil and Sirrin tightly held each other for several long minutes before stepping resolutely away from one another. Without speaking, Imrahil turned and stepped up into the saddle, and his sons followed suit. Elphir and Lothiriel moved in closer beside their mother, each linking an arm with her. With a final nod to his family, Imrahil signaled the troop forward and they slowly filed out of the yard. The three stood in silence and watched until they exited the gate at the bottom of the long sweeping drive out of the palace grounds. TBC 3002: Elphir – 15, Erchirion – 12, Amrothos – 8, Lothiriel – 3 ; Boromir – 24, Faramir – 19 Sirrin – ("river queen")