eyes and looked around. There were roses everywhere. "You added your special touch to the place, and I can see that right off." "I can tell you. It needed it." Aurora grabbed his hand. "Come. Let me show you" Faramir stood up high on the courtyard watching them. It did his heart good to see Aurora so happy. But it also broke it so see her so happy with someone else. Smiling he turned to see Eowyn standing at the doorway watching him. Faramir had noticed her when he and Aurora had arrived the first time. She didn't have Aurora's striking beauty or stand out presence. But, she was pretty, with a shy way about her. Faramir smiled softly at her, glanced once more at Aurora and her brother, who was busy showing him her recent work. Boromir was impressed with Aurora's work. But he wasn't shocked. Everything had her touch and quality to it. It delighted him to see her so happy. Like the look on her face when he had shown her the rose garden he'd had built for her at home. He thought she was going to bust. Boromir couldn't help but stand and smile at her with deep pride. And to think this woman would become his wife when they returned home. Wife. What would she do next? The thing she did next brought a hint of tears to his eyes. Boromir turned to his left to see a child running and hollering Aurora's name. The little girl couldn't have been more than two, and she ran toward Aurora with her arms high in the air. Aurora bent down and picked the child up, spinning her in the air. Boromir watched as the child squealed with glee. Aurora bent over and snapped off a rose bud and handed it to the child. The child in turn wrapped both arms around her neck. Boromir was at a loss for words. Maybe someday in their future he would see this. He so hoped. Aurora set the child down and laughed out loud as she ran to her mom to show off her new treasure. Aurora waved back at the mother as the two walked back to their home. Looking back at Boromir who stood there completely silent, Aurora's hand found its way to his Captains medallion. "I remember you saying something that when I saw you again, you could have this back." Aurora brought the medallion from around her neck. When Boromir said nothing and stood there staring at her she wondered if she had done something wrong. "Boromir?" "You amaze me Aurora." Boromir placed his and on her cheek. "I have never realized the impact you have on people. What you did for that child . . . not everyone would do such a thing." "It doesn't take a lot to show kindness," Aurora stated firmly. She opened Boromir's other hand and placed his medallion in it. "I believe this looks better on you. And besides, it's too damn heavy." Aurora slanted him a sarcastic look. Boromir brought her lips to his again, only a little more hotly this time. When he finally pulled broke the kiss, Aurora was breathless. Boromir still held her as close to him as he could. "If only we were alone." Boromir had that possessive gleam in his eye and a seductive growl in his voice. "I'd have you right here and now." Just another thing Aurora loved about her Captain, spontaneity. Eowyn wished she had Aurora's aggressiveness. She seemed to have no problem what so ever talking to people. Especially men. Envy was also a good word. Eowyn never knew herself to be shy because to her people she seemed bold enough. But she had spent a lot of time around Aurora and found out otherwise. She stood there staring at Faramir from across the room the night of supper and gala before they left for home. Eowyn never realized what handsome man Faramir was. His brother was a different handsome to her but, Aurora was definitely in good company in Gondor. She would have to do something because it was hard telling when she would, or if, see him again. "Why don't you just go talk to the man?" Aurora had been watching Eowyn ogle at Faramir. Eowyn scoffed, "That is so easy for you to say." "He doesn't bite." "I know." Eowyn nervously sipped her wine. "You never know, you might like it, if he did." Eoywn didn't know whether to blush or laugh. "But, if you stand there like a stick, you'll never find out." Aurora was right. Again. God, where was her backbone? "Ok, fine. Here I go." Eowyn took a huge breath and went to take a step and then stopped. "Oh, come on. He'll be an old man by the time you get around to it." Aurora shoved Eowyn forward. "Ok, matchmaker, what are you up to?" Boromir whispered into Aurora's ear after standing behind the two woman laughing. "Boromir, Eoywn has been aching to talk to Faramir since he showed up the first time." Aurora leaned into Boromir. "I doubt he's much better at–" Aurora elbowed him before she cut him off. "Oh, look." Aurora discretely pointed in Faramir's direction." "It's about time." Eowyn finally made her way over to Faramir and struck up conversation. "You'd think she'd dissolve into the air if she were to say a word to him." Boromir rolled his eyes and shook his head. She was always up to something. Boromir wrapped his arms around Aurora's waste and lowered head to breath in her sweet scent. God, she smelled good. "What do you say we leave early and head to your room?" Aurora couldn't agree more. She turned and seen the same look in Boromir's eye that he'd had earlier in the day. "Do you have a proposition for me Captain?" "Oh, I have something for you." Aurora was the first one to make a run for the stairs.