(it was fine), and concluding with him essentially giving an oration on his plans for getting Edoras back on track after the war (she had no comment). "My lady," he finally asked in frustration, "is there nothing that excites your enthusiasm? I would enjoy hearing of what gives you pleasure and holds your interest." He would have thought his bluntness might embarrass her, but she gave no outward show that it did. "There is nothing of any consequence to tell you," she answered mildly, still not looking directly at him. "I am not unlike other maidens in my pursuits." He was disconcerted by her refusal to even meet his gaze, and since that was all he was able to eke out of her as to conversation, at length he excused himself. "It has been a pleasure meeting you, Mithanmag. I do hope you will enjoy the remainder of your time here before returning home." Certainly he had no intention of delaying her departure, he thought, as he made his way to his study. Shy, even quiet women, did not bother him, but it was agony to get this one to say anything, and he wearied of the effort. They had been in one another's company three times and he still knew nothing more of her personally than at their first encounter. Every response she gave was meek, passive and uninformative. Did she really think he wished to marry a complete stranger? If this was all he could expect during courtship, he did not think she would be of any use as queen, and she was less than inviting as a prospective wife. He did not want to always be arguing with a woman, but he did like them to have a little fire, and an opinion on things! As they bid farewell to their guests the following day, Eothain stood beside Eomer, watching them ride down the hill, before the pair turned and returned inside. Walking the length of the hall, Eothain finally queried, "Erkenbrand's daughters did not…appeal to you?" It was too astute a question for Eomer's liking, but Eothain knew him well after all these years. And it did give him an opportunity to vent his frustration. "What was there to appeal? One would not stop her giggling and the other would not say a word! Do you remember that dog that Alfrid had as a boy, the one that had been mistreated? Remember how everytime you so much as looked at it, it fell over on its back and cowered submissively? That is what Mithanmag reminded me of. She agreed with everything said and gave in to what she was bid to do. No question, no opinion, nothing. Such a woman would drive me mad! I do like at least a little conversation!" Eothain chuckled at his diatribe and nodded his understanding. He had come to the same assessment of the two girls, and was not surprised that Eomer was not eager to pursue either of them. "Well, there are plenty of women to be had, Eomer. Do not trouble yourself about it so early in the hunt. You will find a wife, I am sure." "And what about you?" Eomer retorted, turning to gaze pointedly at his friend. "You could do with a woman at your side also." "I could," Eothain conceded, "but it is not so urgent a matter for me as for you, and since I am not king I think I shall have a far easier time finding the right one!" Eomer could not argue with that, though he scowled at Eothain before continuing to lead the way to his study in silence. It was an inauspicious beginning to Eomer's efforts at courtship, but he remained mildly optimistic all the same. He had not thought to settle on the very first woman he approached anyway, so it mattered little that he deemed her unsuitable. At least he had not wasted a great deal of time on her. TBC ch 1, A/N: I named Elphir's wife Alcathir in my other fics and continue doing so here. Rohan women: Afrehold – "perpetually loyal" (ch 3) Fegenferth – "happy heart" (ch 6) Mithanmag – "hidden woman" (ch 1) Rohan male (mentioned): Aldfrid – "old peace" Gondor women: Ardagnir – "bane of royals" (MT) (ch 5) Balardil – "lover of power" (MT) (ch 2) Gaermil – "sea lover" (DA) (ch 4) Pethmil – "lover of words" (MT) (ch 2) Vaniel – "beautiful daughter" (DA) (ch 4) Gondor men: Angamor – "black iron" (ch 7) Belcam – "strong hand" (ch 3) Faramil – "sufficient affection" (ch 6) Pethraug – "demon words" (ch 4) Tarendil – "friend of kings" (ch 2) Vanendil – "lover of beauty" (ch 4) Note: For the Tolkien purists among you: You may have noticed certain Quenya words forming some of the names I give to Gondorians, in other stories but especially in this one where I needed so many original names. I do realize that Gondorian names should pretty much be based on Adunaic or Sindarin/Noldorin. However, as we have so few words in those languages for which we have meanings, it is sometimes difficult to form meaningful names that aren't ones you have seen used a million times before (and which have probably already been given to a more known/recognizable character). I could simply snatch Sindarin words and mash them together, regardless of the meaning of the name it creates, but I don't like to do that, as Tolkien tried to have his names have meaning. So, the least objectionable choice to me is to use Quenya when I have to, and I hope you won't mind too much. See why I prefer to write the Rohirrim? They are so much easier! I can pull just about any meaning I want from Old/Middle English to give them names (except when I can't find a word with the meaning I want that will work as part of a name, but that's a separate issue).