at last passed from our lands. Moving deeper into the garden, I was suddenly brought to a halt by a gasp of surprise. The figure moved slightly and the moonlight hit her – it was Lothiriel. Wonderful. We had been trying to avoid each other all night and here we ended up alone in a garden together. Ruefully, I told her, "My apologies. I did not see you there." She answered politely, "It is alright, my lord. The night is dark and I was making no effort to be seen." I shifted nervously, wondering what to say to her and what I should do, then rather lamely commented, "It is late. Shouldn't you be going inside soon?" To my surprise, she let out a laugh and told me, "Perhaps, but I have escaped the evening relatively unscathed and I want to savor my first, hopefully one of many, victory over my meddlesome family. What better a place than in the dark, under the stars?" I couldn't help but smile, and told her, "Indeed. We did very well at thwarting them, to be sure." Even so, we fell into an awkward silence, and I was trying to think of a polite way to excuse myself when she invited, "Will you join me for a bit? If you are as tired as I am, your feet would likely welcome the respite." I hesitated ever so briefly, but I was finding her ever more intriguing, and this seemed an opportune moment, away from scheming eyes, to get to know her better. I nodded and took a seat beside her, whereupon she began asking about the stars in Rohan. Grateful for something to say, I answered her question, but after a moment her comment sank in about 'finding out for herself in a few weeks' and I asked, "You are coming to Rohan?" She explained that she would be accompanying her family for Theoden's funeral and expressed excitement at the prospect of the journey, despite the somber occasion. I was surprised at her interest; few in Gondor seemed very curious about Rohan, and the general impression I got was that many considered us rather barbaric. With a smile, I replied, "My uncle would not have wanted to dampen such enthusiasm for visiting Rohan, so neither shall I. We will be honored to have you there and do all that we can to see that you enjoy yourself." She thanked me and we lapsed into silence again, but this time it did not feel so uncomfortable. That surprised me, since I could think of no woman other than Eowyn with whom I would be able to sit in such silence and not feel obligated to come up with some sort of conversation to fill the air. She shifted her position next to me, and in so doing kicked one of her shoes, exposing her bare feet to the moonlight. I could not help grinning at the sight – surely I had never before been in the presence of a lady who was barefoot! I told her, "I am envious, my lady. Your attire, or lack thereof, seems most inviting, but I fear Kings are not indulged in such frivolous behavior as going barefooted." She smiled teasingly in return and made the strangest comment ever addressed to me, "Tis a pity, then, that you do not wear skirts, my lord." More than a little startled, I gave her a curious look and she explained, "A lady's skirts can hide many things, including bare feet! I am afraid trousers are too revealing for such activities." I could not restrain a laugh and said, "The King of Rohan in skirts? Now that would be a sight to see!" Suddenly she blushed and urged me not to tell her father she had said such a thing, indicating he would be mortified to learn she had said something like that to me, even in jest. I assured her, "Your secret is safe with me. And now, at least, when my feet are hot and tired and I would gladly remove my boots but am unable to do so, I may privately distract myself with the image of the King wearing a skirt whilst barefoot!" She laughed appreciatively at the mental picture I had painted and told me, "Ah, but if you ever succumb and do actually wear a skirt for that purpose, beware! What a King does is always considered fashionable, and soon you would find all the men of Rohan in skirts and bare feet!" I could not help myself; I exploded with laughter, and she laughed along with me. Truly this was the most bizarre conversation I had ever held in my life. And I was enjoying every minute of it. It had been a long time since I had really laughed at anything, and certainly I had never had such a pleasant time in a lady's company. Many were beautiful and physically enticing, and a very few were intelligent and could discuss deep matters, but I could not think of any, save my sister only, who would dare be so open and, well, silly in speaking with me. Especially now that I was king, and I greatly missed having people be so at ease with me and freely speaking their minds. She tried to stifle a yawn next to me and I realized how late it must be. I rose and commented, "Perhaps we should go in, before you think of any other changes to my wardrobe." I offered my hand, so she collected her shoes and took it. We walked in a comfortable silence to my door, where I bowed and entered. Just as I moved to close it, I glimpsed Imrahil making for his daughter's room with a stern look on his face. Hopefully he had not seen us together and would not say anything to her to dampen her evening. Certainly I owed her a debt of gratitude for making the night less dreary.