themselves also. Before she could leave, however, the queen asked Luthiel to remain for a moment and speak with her in private. Goodnights were said to the others, and then Arwen led the way to the library for their conversation. The queen serenely stood by the fireplace, gazing into the flames for a moment, then said quietly, "There are those who put much stock in 'luck', but I am not among them. I am a great believer in making one's own luck. Therefore, it will not surprise you much, I think, that I do not hold with the notion that it is 'bad luck' for a bride and groom to see one another before their wedding." She turned to eye Luthiel pointedly. "In fact, I believe there are instances when such a meeting might be essential to future 'luck'." Luthiel's brow furrowed at her comments; it was evident the queen thought she needed to see Eldarion. "Is there…something I should know?" she asked, a bit fearfully. "Nothing dreadful," Arwen gently assured her, "only that my brash son is feeling a bit beleaguered of late, and is perhaps in need of a special someone's tender touch." With an enigmatic smile for the girl standing before her, the Elf-woman glided toward the door, adding over her shoulder, "I have found he often retreats upon the Tower when he is troubled." Luthiel remained pondering her words for several moments after she was gone. For the past week, she and Eldarion had not been allowed to spend time alone together. Only group gatherings, such as tonight's supper, permitted them any time in one another's company. Taking a deep breath, she turned toward the door. She had never much held with the notion of luck either and, if Eldarion needed her, she did not intend to let superstitions interfere. She had only been up on the Tower two or three times in her life, but it was not difficult to find her way. There were strategically placed lamps, that were kept lit from dusk until midnight, though admittedly the great Tower had a rather eerie feeling to it in the darkness of night when she was alone. "Eldarion?" she called, her eyes probing the blackness in an attempt to locate him, as she stepped through the stone doorway from the stairs. The torches here flickered in the wind, and the moon, though nearly full, was largely hidden behind the storm clouds. There was no response to her call, but a movement to her right drew her focus there, and at last her eyes adjusted enough to make out Eldarion's form, slumped dejectedly against the chest-high wall around the perimeter of the tower. Quietly, she moved over to join him, leaning on the wall next to him. Though he did not speak, she could feel the tension in him, even without their touching; his mother was right – something was definitely wrong. With a soft sigh, she turned to face him, and reached a hand over to his cheek bringing his face around toward her, though he kept his eyes lowered and did not meet her gaze. "What troubles you?" she asked gently. After several moments, he pulled away from her to stare back out over the Pelennor below them. Letting out a ragged breath, he murmured mournfully, "I wanted everything to be perfect for you, but it has all gone amiss. The harder I try to make it special, the more it all falls apart. I am sorry, my love. I have failed you." Luthiel's thoughts raced as she tried to discern what he was talking about, in order to form a response. Then a flash of insight struck her, and she asked, "Do you mean the wedding plans?" He nodded disconsolately, then railed, "The weather keeps our guests away and has ruined the flowers, after nearly thirty years of relative peace the Haradrim choose now to stir up trouble, and your betrothed looks as though he has been in a tavern brawl! What more can go wrong? We do still have a few hours yet for further mayhem to manifest itself!" Ah, so that was it! Eldarion, who always did everything perfectly, was frustrated by his failure to accomplish perfection now. She could not help finding it all slightly amusing, but clearly he had taken the situation to heart and was quite tormented by all that had gone wrong. "Eldarion," she told him tenderly, "look at me." She waited, and finally he did as she bid, turning to face her though he didn't meet her gaze. Reaching out a hand, she lifted his chin, forcing his eyes to follow, until they were looking into one another's eyes. "I do not need guests or flowers to make my wedding day perfect, and the Haradrim would do well not to try and come between me and my betrothed! I am the daughter of a shieldmaiden; I will take them on personally if they attempt to deprive me of you!" Her words elicited a laugh that he could not quite stifle. "And, as to your appearance, my love, I have seen you bruised and bloody before, though usually it was my doing that caused it. I doubt this will be the last time I will see you thus." She leaned closer and brought her lips within a hair's breadth of his to whisper, "Just think of all the pleasure that can be had as I nurse you back to health!" With a groan, he pulled her against him and hungrily kissed her. When they paused to catch their breath, Eldarion could only hold her in silence. No words would ever express what he was feeling. He could only hope she understood without his speaking of it. As if in confirmation, she tilted her head to look up at him in the brief shaft of moonlight that had revealed itself. Her eyes spoke volumes to him, and he reclaimed her lips in appreciation of what he read there.