totally engulfed in flames, and Fele's roof was burning. Like a madman, he raced toward the door, screaming for her, "Fele! Fele!" He could hear coughing and Eledher was crying. Not bothering to wait, he crashed against the door, bursting it open and fell inside. The smoke stung his eyes, and for a moment he choked before able to get enough air to call again, "Fele, Eledher – where are you?" Something flung itself at his knees and it took a moment to realize that it must be Eledher. Scooping the boy up, he called again, "Fele? Where are you? I have Eledher!" A sob of relief sounded nearby and he turned to see Fele struggling into a robe and helping her mother toward the door. He followed them out, even as men were beginning to throw water on the flames. Something struck his arm, but he hurried on, not stopping to check it until they were clear of the cottage and he was sure they were all safe. He steered them toward a patch of grass under a tree, where the four of them collapsed on the ground, coughing the smoke out of their lungs. Eledher had calmed just being held by Theomund, and the man turned his attention to the two women. Frideswide seemed unharmed, but in shock as she stared at the burning building. But Fele was sobbing uncontrollably. With a quick kiss to Eledher's head, he handed the boy to his grandmother and then reached over to pull Fele close, wrapping her in a strong embrace. Silently he held her as she wept. It was some time before the sobs eased, and just as they did, Renward approached. "Theomund, two of the cottages were destroyed, and a third is damaged severely, but no lives were lost." Struggling for composure, Theomund nodded, then instructed, "Gather those who lost their homes. I am sure there will be room for them at Meduseld until other arrangements can be made." His eyes turned relentlessly to take in the smoldering buildings, flames still evident as the men fought to completely extinguish the fire. Not wanting to let go of Fele, Theomund awkwardly got to his feet, pulling her with him, and then helped Frideswide to stand. Knowing the boy was too heavy for her to manage up the hill to the Golden Hall, he handed her daughter over to her and took the child in his arms. The other families were gathering nearby, and he led the sad processional up the street. Already, men were coming down the hill, having been alerted. Eothain was in his shirtsleeves, and stopped to speak with Theomund as he was lacing his breeches. Theomund filled him in on what had happened, then instructed, "Set a guard for the night, please, Eothain. They do not possess much, but I would not want anything that survived to be lost to looters." The older man nodded, gripping his shoulder in consolation before moving on down the hill with a few riders. Meduseld was abuzz, and Theomund was not surprised to find his parents waiting and two healers present. Once the families had been checked for injuries, they would be given rooms for the night. Luckily, there were few serious injuries. All of them were still coughing and their eyes burned, but flushing with water had eased that somewhat and fresh air was gradually replacing the smoke in their lungs. Fele had been sitting numbly with her mother and son, awaiting attention. Their cottage had been next to the one that caught fire, so the other family was treated first. As Theomund came to join them, something registered in her clouded mind and she let out a gasp, lurching to her feet. "Theomund! Your arm!" He looked down as she reached for his left arm, only then noticing the burned skin of his forearm. In all the confusion, he had forgotten about something striking him. It was now apparent it had been something that was aflame. He winced as she tried to gently ease his shirt from the wound and Frideswide rose, calling to the queen, "My lady! Come quickly! A healer is needed for your son!" In an instant, Lothiriel was at their side, examining Theomund's arm as she pressed him down on a bench. Now that he was aware of the injury, the pain of it was beginning to seep in past the adrenalin that had concealed it until now. Wearily he rested his head on his clenched fist, trying to keep the pain at bay while the healer cleaned it. A cool hand came to rest on his head, and stroked it soothingly. He assumed it was his mother, but when he looked up he found Fele watching him with concern. Grasping her hand, he pressed her palm to his cheek and hoarsely whispered, "I was afraid I had lost you!" For once, she did not pull back and simply gave him a gentle smile. "Shhh! Everyone is safe, thanks to you." He dropped his eyes. Gratitude. He was sick to death of gratitude. He wanted to hold her and kiss her until his mind was firmly convinced she was unharmed, and then he wanted to continue kissing her until the end of time. If she noticed his despair, she gave no indication and all stood in silence as the healer worked on him. Once the arm was bandaged, Lothiriel instructed, "Give them your old room, dearest. I will see to the others. And then you should get some rest yourself. Do you want to stay here tonight? If so, Theodred's room is empty for now." He nodded morosely, saying, "I will stay." He did not add that he couldn't bear leaving this little family just yet. 411411411411411 Brythild: brytta – giver, hild – war; "war giver" Fealides: fealu – dark, ides – woman; "dark woman" Durucwen: duru – door, cwen – woman; "woman of the door" Lyfwyn: lyf – air, wyn – delight; "delightful air"