"it certainly made a bloody nice drop." Bofur stared back at her. And then she began to giggle. "I'm so sorry," she gasped, and held her hand over her stomach. "I'm… your braids are drooping, they look so sad! I crushed the model, it was an accident – I'm so sorry, it was on the chair and I didnae look to…" "Wait, you said made a nice drop," Bofur interrupted, a huge grin beginning to bloom across his face. She laughed louder, her brown eyes sparkling. "I did." "So, my poor little toy dragon, he was smashing then?" Bofur began to chuckle, and she shook her head, wine running down her neck as she laughed. "Actually he came to a rather flat and abrupt end ," she said, and grinned. Bofur laughed uproariously. "What a crushin' defeat!" "Wasn't the feet that was his undoing!" Bofur fell over, clutching his hat. Gimrís leaned over her knees and held her stomach as together they laughed and laughed. Bofur sat up eventually, and wiped at his eyes. "Ahhh, we're a mess," he said, and shook his head. He couldn't seem to wipe the grin from his face. He hadn't known she was funny. How could he not know that? "Could've been worse," Gimrís said, and she shook her head. "Oh, hammer and tongs, my stomach. Well, we lasted but five minutes before disaster struck. That's got to be some sort of record." "The shortest courtship in Erebor!" Bofur's grin softened into a smile, and he scooted closer to her. "They'll sing songs about us, eh?" "They already sing songs about you," she said, ducking her head, shy of a sudden. She twisted her fingers in her wine-sodden hair. He pulled them away gently. "They sing songs about the Company, aye. Bunch of idealistic old twits that we were." He traced a burn-scar on her palm with his thumb, and then squeezed her hands between his. "Gimrís, you are young yet, are you…" She surged forward and kissed him. It was rather like being hit with someone else's mouth. She pressed her lips together as hard as steel, and then mashed them against his, as though daring him to draw away. He blinked in shock, before carefully threading one hand through the silky curls upon her cheek and opening his mouth upon hers. She made a sound of surprise, and then followed his lead. He lost track of all time then, sitting on his floor with wine splashed in puddles all around and broken glass scattered about them. Gimrís seemed content enough, though, and paid no mind to anything that wasn't him. Well, that suited him right down to the bedrock. "You're a sweet old fool if you think you're going to scare me away," she said softly, and leaned her head against his. This close, she could see the lighter flecks in his eyes, like topaz, and the little wrinkles around his lips from millions upon millions of smiles. "Your dragons don't frighten me, Bofur. I'll just sit on them." He laughed helplessly again, and kissed her and kissed her, and knew he was happy, knew he was totally smitten, knew he had finally found what he had always longed for. "Oh, you're a ruby, you are," he murmured. "My ruby." Bombur paused in the doorway, and then carefully and as quietly as he was able, he crept away. "Gimrís – Mahal wept !" "Shhhh!" she hissed, and snuck through the doorway into the kitchen. Gimli's mouth was open in absolute astonishment as he took in the state of her. "Don't wake Amad and Adad!" "What happened?" Gimli said, staring at her, his eyes huge. She knew she looked an absolute fright: her hair was a riot, worse even than his, and she was clad only in an old coat of Bofur's, her shift and her jewellery, with her sopping and wine-reeking dress slung over her arm. He reached for her to rub her arms, trying to warm her. "He spilled the wine, that's all!" She slapped his hands away. "I'm fine, nadad, get off! I had a wonderful time. I'm seeing him again at Nori's tomorrow. He can play whistle, did you know? I'm going to bring my dance-shoes, show them a few of our best moves." "Don't think Nori's is the place for axe-dancin' somehow," Gimli said weakly, and then he gestured around her mouth. "You're, uh." Her hand flew up, and she blushed hotly as she felt the rawness around her lips. "Um." "Um," Gimli agreed. "So?" She then beamed and flopped into a chair. "I broke a dragon, and there was Broadbeam dumpling soup. Bombur made it," she said, and she sighed happily and gazed at nothing in particular. "And the wine was from Dale before we ended up wearing it. He's going to sing for me. He knows a lot of songs. He was very poor once. He has nice hair. And he's going to sing for me." "That's… nice," Gimli said, and he did not appear to know what to do with a happy and dreamy sister as opposed to a sharp and sarcastic one. "Perhaps you should bathe before bed, eh? You smell." " You smell," she retorted dreamily. "Come on, nadad, bed time." He coaxed her up, and led her towards the bathing room. "You can tell me more in the morning, eh? Not everything, mind," he added hurriedly. She laughed. "Not everything, no. He's going to sing for me, did I mention?" "You did," he said, and he seemed to have settled on 'amused' rather than 'alarmed'. "I think that'd be right annoying, being sung at constantly." "Not if it's the right person doing the singing," she countered, and poked his stomach. "Not if it's the right song." "I'll take your word for it," he said, and pushed her into the bathroom before shaking his head. Honestly, who wanted to be warbled at all day? Might as well be an elf, with that attitude.