added, "Lothiriel is in your usual room. I will send food for you there, and then you can go see Eothain." xx Eomer was not surprised that his wife woke almost instantly as he entered the room, nor that she did not look rested. In silence he seated himself on the side of the bed and drew her into his embrace, holding her tightly. Again, her tears flowed, and she murmured into his shoulder, "I do not know what I would do if he is lost to us!" "Shhh! He will not be. I will not even contemplate that possibility. We will find them, and those who took him will regret they were ever born!" Eomer promised. A knock at the door signaled the arrival of his meal, and interrupted the moment. Pressing a kiss to her head, he went to let the servant in before returning to her side. While he ate, he explained what was planned and that he would be leaving shortly to begin the search. "What about Eothain?" she asked. "Eothain has ever been at my side during such times as these, and he will continue to be. He is going with us, if I have to break him out of that prison singlehandedly!" A smile tweaked Lothiriel's mouth briefly, before she nodded. "Good. I cannot believe he willfully did anything to betray us or Elfwine. He deserves to be there to punish those who are guilty." xx Eomer ducked into the cell, and Eothain rose to respectfully greet his king. He knew Eomer did not expect it of him, but he felt it important to do so with the guard present. Once the man stepped out of the room, Eothain relaxed slightly and gave Eomer a wan grin before slumping back onto the bench where he had been seated. Eomer moved to sit beside him, glancing around the cell and surprised with how comfortable it seemed. He raised an eyebrow to look at his friend, who readily grasped his thoughts. "Courtesy of your wife," he explained with a chuckle. "I believe she has most of the guards thoroughly intimidated, and terrified of offending her by slighting me!" Eomer gave a wry smile at his words, commenting, "I would expect nothing less. Lothiriel can be quite tenacious about defending her own." He lapsed into silence for a few moments, and then ventured, "What happened? I have heard what others have told me, but I want to hear it from you." With a sigh, Eothain nodded. "Certainly I have had plenty of time to ponder the matter. It has taken awhile for my memory to clear, and even so I do not have all the answers I would like. There was nothing notable that happened that night, Eomer. It makes no sense at all if you look at it just on facts alone. As I told Lothiriel, someone I trusted had to have betrayed me and done this, for I saw no enemy that night." "Then who did you see? We will go through each of them one by one until we find the culprit. If you are not guilty, and I know you are not, then someone else is, and we will find them – and make them pay." After going through the roster of men who had been there that night, Eomer leaned back against the wall, his eyes narrowed. "Elessar sent some of his soldiers to greet you?" Eothain nodded, but added, "They were all men that I had met before when I have been in Gondor, and none did anything that made me suspicious." "Still," Eomer observed, "I am more inclined to suspect them than one of our own soldiers. We have long trusted the men of the King's Guard with our lives and safety, and I choose not to distrust them unless it is unavoidable. We will start with the Gondorians." "Proceed with…tact, Eomer. You cannot jump in and make accusations against Elessar's men without something substantial in the way of evidence. We do not wish to undo the peace and goodwill between our lands after so short a time," Eothain reminded his king. Eomer nodded, pondering the situation for a few moments, and then rose decisively. Looking down at his friend, he told him, "Be ready to ride. I will have you out of here soon and then we will find Elfwine." Once Eomer left, Eothain leaned back and closed his eyes. As was becoming commonplace, that fateful night flashed through his mind's eye and he watched the evening play out yet again. What was he missing? What detail was he overlooking? There had to have been something, some clue in what happened that would guide them to the criminals behind this. He shivered as he thought of Elfwine, alone with these men. The boy would be terrified, wondering why Eothain did not come to claim him. He could not fail the child. Elfwine might be Eomer's son, but Eothain loved him as dearly as if he were his own. Nevermind his duty as captain of the king's guard – this was personal! TBC (Point of reference: Elfwine is 5 here; "Frolic" took place in Jun, 6 IV) End note: It is best that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order, but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.