look her full in the face, avowing, "Of course I am, my sweet! You are the greatest happiness I have ever known, and I would not have you think otherwise, but they do not know that. They…are pleased with me for the wrong reasons." He felt like he was not explaining things very well, and he gazed frustratedly at her, wondering if she was taking his meaning in spite of his clumsy words. Her hand came up and caressed his cheek, as she looked lovingly into his eyes. " I care if you are happy in your choices. I appreciate who you are. Truth be known, you do not meet any of my expectations, and yet I could not love you more! They are who they are, and you cannot change that, but I would not have it dampen your pleasure in the new life we are making together." He pulled her close once more and murmured into her shoulder, "Thank you, beloved. Your approbation means more than anyone else's does. I will not let them trouble me so long as I have you. Who knows? They may yet find ample reason to be displeased with me!" Morwen could not restrain a laugh, and pressed a kiss to his temple. "Well, I am quite certain you will yet manage to aggravate me ! You seem to have a talent for it, and still I adore you!" xx If Morwen thought things would improve with the presence of his brothers, she was mistaken. It turned out that both Belzagar, the eldest, and Gaerant were of the same mindset as their parents. She watched the family interaction over supper the next evening with interest. Not so very long ago she herself had possessed the same sort of attitude as they did, setting the noble class above all others. Yet, watching them treat Caranhir as less deserving of their regard annoyed her greatly. True, she was not a great advocate of soldiering and the profession he had heretofore claimed, but he was a good man with a good heart. They seemed to think his profession had robbed him of any value whatsoever, and it rankled her tremendously. Almost without being aware of it, she slipped onto the defensive, and it was not long before she was inundating them with tales of how well he was received in the royal courts of both Rohan and Gondor, particularly since the kings of both realms had themselves been renowned soldiers and considered it a worthy profession. She delighted in regaling them with stories of how he had bested the heir to Gondor's throne in archery, and acquitted himself quite well in sparring with Rohan's heir. In the face of her remarks, his family backed off from their slighting comments of him, and even looked at him with a bit more regard than before. It was not lost on Caranhir what she was doing, and he was forced to hide his amusement behind his napkin a time or two at the comical expressions on his family's faces. There was little chance they would argue with a princess of Rohan, no matter how vehemently they might disagree with her words. Theodred was also finding the interplay quite entertaining, and whenever his sister seemed to come up dry with stories, he happily threw in a few of his own, just to keep things spiced up. By the time they finally called it a night and returned to the inn, Caranhir and Theodred had broken up with laughter a short distance from the house and chortled the entire way back. Morwen walked in silence, allowing them their triumph, and pleased that Caranhir was feeling better about things. They would still be here another couple of days, before beginning the journey back to Edoras. She hoped the lighter atmosphere would continue for the duration. Theodred stepped inside while Caranhir pulled Morwen into the shadows to say goodnight, away from prying eyes. As he gazed tenderly into her eyes, glinting with light from a street lamp, he whispered, "It would seem I have found myself quite the defender. You, who profess to dislike war, are a formidable foe in battle, my love!" His lips brushed hers lightly, and then came down with eager passion, making evident his pleasure with her actions. As Morwen lost herself in the embrace, she could not help smiling inwardly. Perhaps, like her mother, she did not march to defense of her country, but let any attack her loved ones and none would know a more terrible enemy. THE END 8/15/06 – 8/20/06 Manners: was in 36 IV (between May-Jun); Theodred was 13, Morwen was 22 and Caranhir was 26 Caranhir's father: Balahir – "powerful lord" (N) Mother: Miraluin – "blue jewel" (S) Eldest bro: Belzagar – "great light of a sword" (A) 2nd bro: Gaerant – "sea gift" (S) Housekeeper: Mallin – "golden song" (S) Trivia: The stationer's shop in Minas Tirith on the Fourth Level that Theodred visits before the trip to Linhir is the same one where he will later meet Esgalmir. (Adv. of Theodred, Ch. 10) End note: It is not essential that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written, but there is an advantage to doing so. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order (#15 came after #17, I think), but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.