king to treat me any differently than before, no matter what anyone says." When he paused for breath, she interjected quietly, "Freawine, the king and I have virtually raised you alongside our own son. We know full well the quality of man you have become. Jealous gossip by Haman, or anyone else, will not convince us of anything contrary to what we know about you." Startled by this declaration, he blushed again and murmured, "Thank you, my lady." After a moment, he continued, "Some of what Haman says is true, though. I am just a lowly soldier, and that is likely all I will ever be. Which means that my wife will live in humble circumstances, and will often be alone when I am away with the eored. In many ways, Haman could offer Theodwyn much more than I ever will be able to. I do not wish to make her suffer because of my selfishness…" He raised sorrowful eyes to his queen, wondering if she understood what he was trying to say. Lothiriel pondered his words a few moments, then commented, "It is to your credit that you are even considering these matters. I suspect you have not mentioned this to Theodwyn, assuming, probably rightly, that she will vehemently deny caring about such things. But you and I both know that she is very young and very inexperienced in the world. My children are no strangers to work, but there is no question they live a much more pampered life than the average person. She would claim such things matter not, but we know she may think much differently when she is alone in a house with crying children, a sick baby and no one to help her." Freawine gulped and looked away. She had very accurately described his fears. He was startled just then by a gentle hand on his shoulder. "She loves you Freawine, and she is a girl of great determination. That will count for much. As for the rest, perhaps I can give her a taste of what it will be like and then we can see if she remains so enthusiastic to live such a life." He looked at her, puzzled, and she explained, "Lissa and Faleth are old friends of mine, and their situation much mirrors what yours will be. I will speak with Lissa and ask if Theodwyn might come and live with them for two months. She will be solely responsible for the children, the housekeeping, the cooking and everything else. Lissa can guide and instruct, but mostly she will just sit back and watch." Freawine hesitated. Though it seemed an excellent test, he felt guilty asking everyone to go to so much trouble on his behalf. Lothiriel's hand, which had not left his shoulder, tightened enough to draw his attention. "I do not do this only for you Freawine. My daughter needs to understand going in what her life will be like. She needs to choose that life, understanding full well what it entails. If she does not, neither of you will be happy. And I do not wish to see my daughter in an unhappy marriage. I am glad you spoke of this to me." She brushed the hair back from his face, a gesture she had made often before with both him and Elfwine, and Freawine smiled gratefully at her. "Thank you, my lady. I do not wish Theodwyn to be unhappy either. Even as much as I love her, I would rather give her up than shackle her to a wretched, miserable existence for the rest of her life." With a grin, Lothiriel stroked his head and answered, "I know, which is the very reason why we would much rather see her married to you than to Haman. I rather doubt her happiness would be of much interest to him." Rising, she smiled down at the young man, and asked, "When does your eored leave again?" "Two days hence," he answered. Nodding, she told him, "I will speak with Lissa and arrange for Theodwyn's 'instruction in life' to begin just after that." He rose also and asked hesitantly, "Should I say anything to her about it?" "No, I think not. I will explain it fully when the time comes. Your mentioning it will only cause her to argue that it is not necessary. I will not give her a choice!" For a moment, Freawine felt guilty about inflicting this on his beloved, but then it occurred to him that it was better done now than have her find it intolerable later. Bowing formally, Freawine again said, "Thank you, my lady. I am deeply indebted to you." Laughing, she linked his arm through hers, saying, "Good! That means you will not mind helping me weed my garden!" A/N: In Chapter 1, the trothplighting is a paraphrasing of what Tolkien wrote for Eowyn and Faramir, altered to suit this situation. Some is word for word, with tiny additions/changes as needed. Research on Medieval times indicates that they usually ate three meals: a light breakfast, a midday meal called dinner and an evening meal called supper. Not all of my stories accurately distinguish between dinner and supper, and eventually I may go back and fix that, but going forward I will try to be consistent. I hope you all realize I spend almost as much time trying to keep timelines, characters, ages, etc., etc., etc. all straight in my sub-universe of Tolkien's world, as I do actually writing stories! I had no idea how complicated this was all going to get when I started the Elfwine Chronicles! Family groups/ages for reference (in year 26 of IV age, at beginning of story): Eomer 54, Lothiriel 46, Elfwine 24, Theodwyn 17 (turns 18 in Nov that year), Theomund 15, Morwen 11, Theodred 2 Gamling 56, Eadnes 54, Freawine 25, Denulf 23, Ethelstan 19 Faleth 33, Lissa 33, Theor 10, Dreng 7, Fegennes 3, Beorn 5 mos. Kialmar 45, Miren 43 Eothain 53