groan as he stood. "I need to lie down. Hopefully my guard can find our way back to Prince Imrahil's house." He glanced at his cousin. "How much longer will you be staying in the Houses of Healing?" "They say it should require another month to completely heal my arm, but I am sure I can leave before then. They do not take into account how hardy we Eorlingas are!" she laughed. He chuckled; knowing Eowyn, they would be hard pressed to keep her here another two weeks! She linked arms with him and walked him to the exit, leaving him with a kiss to his cheek. "I am glad you have come, Theodred. I only wish…" She didn't finish the sentence, but he took her meaning. He also wished his father was here. Helm's Deep was only a dim memory while his father had been there, and Theodred had not been up to conversation. He would like to have seen his father healed of Wormtongue's leechcraft and once again his own man. But it was something to know that it had happened, and that Theoden had died with honor. He was sure Eomer would tell him more of it when they saw one another. TBC Original Characters: Athelhad – "noble person" – injured Roh. at M.T.; Thd knew him from his serving at H.D. Betersel – "more happiness" – Eomer's housekeeper at Aldburg Brenross – "bold rain" – Swan Knight who guided Eomer from M.T. to Dol Amroth Cuthwine – "known friend" – Retaleoth's deceased husband; Tilleoth's father Deorlyft – "precious sky" – Dunhere's widow Eadgif – "rich gift" – servant at Aldburg in Eomer's house Eanswith – "one strength" – Erkenbrand's wife Freobyrne – "free fire" – injured Roh. at M.T.; Thd knew him from his serving at H.D. Fylscinan – "shine plentifully" – child at H.D.; Tilleoth goes to play with her Harding – Elfhelm's second in command; carries wounded Theodred to H.D. Retaleoth - "cheering or comforting song" – eldest daughter of Erkenbrand Seftebeorn – "pleasant man" – leech at Helm's Deep Swidhelm – "strong fortress" – Theodred's steward Tilleoth – "good song" – daughter of Retaleoth Walda – "power" – Rider in D.A. with Eomer, sent with message to Theodred Wermund – "protector of truth" – rider in Theodred's escort to M.T.; sings/composes songs Footnote: For those of you only familiar with the movies and not the books, Eomer never went to the Fords of Isen, found Theodred alive or took him back to Edoras where he died. Instead, Theodred died and was buried at the Fords. Eomer visited the site much later, with Theoden and Gandalf when they went to Isengard after the battle at Helm's Deep. They returned to Helm's Deep and then went on to the muster at Dunharrow. It was Elfhelm who rode to Theodred's aid and, after both battles at the Fords, Elfhelm took his surviving Riders back to guard Edoras about the time Gandalf was gathering Erkenbrand and Grimbold's scattered forces to help at Helm's Deep. Eventually, though, Elfhelm was involved in the muster and rode to Minas Tirith with Theoden. (see The Unfinished Tales for most of the available details on the battles fought at the Fords of Isen, etc.) Additionally, in the books Eomer was imprisoned, not banished, and he fought alongside Aragorn at Helm's Deep. It was Erkenbrand who arrived with Gandalf to help defeat the enemy. Harding is an actual character in Tolkien's work, mentioned only in a song commemorating those who fell at the Battle of the Pelennor. Rather than create a new character for my purposes here, I simply gave one of those unknown men a backstory. When Theodred first meets Eowyn at Minas Tirith, she and Faramir have not yet had their talk in which she realizes she loves him and agrees to marry him, thus the reason she still looks troubled when Theodred initially sees her in the garden. (I couldn't find that Tolkien ever specified what precise date some of the events took place, so I approximated dates for my purposes – Eowyn got the letter from Eomer on March 30, Theodred arrives the morning of April 2 and Faramir proposes that same afternoon.) When Aragorn speaks to Eomer and Theodred, in front of the court of Gondor, prior to their departure for Rohan after the war (early May), some of the dialogue is taken directly from Tolkien, some of it is paraphrased Tolkien and some of it is mine. The material point being that it's not all my words. At Edoras, some of the dialogue for the acceptance of Theodred as king and Eomer performing the trothplighting of Eowyn to Faramir is actual or paraphrased directly from Tolkien. A short treatise on reviews: May I just mention, on behalf of myself but also for my fellow writers, that reviews are greatly appreciated. A great many of you lurk along, reading our stories in silence, even marking them as favorites or us as a favored author, but you never speak directly to us. I have seen quite a few wonderful stories with only a handful of reviews, and I worry that they are not receiving their due notice. Even something simple like "Loved the story!" or "Great characterization of Aragorn" will warm our hearts and inspire us to continue writing. If you are able to offer constructive criticism or point out typos, that, too, is appreciated. We only ask that you do it in a friendly and courteous manner. You do not necessarily need to review every chapter, but we do love to get feedback and know how you are reacting to what we have written – did it make you think, or cry, or reread the book? Please let us know! And don't hesitate to offer story ideas. Possibly we will never be able to use them, but I know more than one of my stories has come from reader suggestions. You just never know what you might inspire!