imagined it would, but he thought he did an admirable job of it. At least he thought so until he caught Eowyn watching him with a speculative eyebrow raised. After supper, Sirrin had planned various games for entertainment, and Eomer found himself partnered with Lothiriel for checkers. While both chess and checkers were popular in the Mark, he had never much cared for chess. Though the need for strategizing appealed to him, the game moved too slowly and he usually grew restless in short order. With its faster pace, Eomer had quickly become quite adept at checkers, making use of his skill at battle strategies to plan his moves. However, Lothiriel proved very much his equal, and he enjoyed the challenge. At home, he found it difficult to find a player who could keep him on his toes so well as she did. "How is it that you are so good at this?" he asked as they set up the board for a new game, Lothiriel having just won the one they were playing. She laughed. "When you have only brothers, you quickly learn that all games are competition and if you do not keep up you will be run over! I had to be good enough to hold my own against them. Elphir is the best, though he prefers chess, but I am a good match for the other two. Mother also, so usually it was the four of us playing checkers in the evening while Elphir and Father played chess." He grinned in response. "You are right! Games in the Mark can become quite cutthroat. I think most there enjoy checkers far more than chess. It is too sedate to suit our temperaments!" "I shall need to learn though," she admitted. "Lord Gaerost prefers chess, and rarely chooses to play checkers. I suppose I must get used to defeat on a regular basis." The mention of her betrothed put a damper on his enthusiasm that the easy familiarity of their interaction had brought. Though they continued talking, telling of their lives, he found himself holding back, fearing he would overstep some boundary that should not be crossed. If she noticed his reticence, she did not comment on it. Even as much as Eomer's head told him he should avoid close contact with the lady, it seemed he constantly was finding himself in her company. There were times when he could almost believe she was attracted to him, but then he reined in his thoughts. What did it matter if she was? She would not break her betrothal, and he would not attempt to steal another man's woman. Had they met sooner, before she accepted Gaerost, possibly they could have been together, but now that would never happen. Eowyn continued to watch him, and the day before they left Minas Tirith to return home, she came to his room. Looking on as he packed his few meager belongings, she finally broached the subject on her mind. "Do I sense…something between you and Lothiriel, Brother? You seem eager to share her company." Eomer paused only slightly in what he was doing, not turning to look at her. Finally, he told her firmly, "Lady Lothiriel is betrothed to Lord Gaerost. End of discussion, Eowyn." She knew him too well to pursue the matter, though he was sure she could read between the lines. Without further comment, she moved forward and slipped her arms around him, pressing her cheek against his back. She held him in silence for several moments, and then stepped back. "I will see you at supper. This is my last day with Faramir and I intend to make the most of it," she told him. He turned to smile encouragingly at her. "You do that. I am sorry you must return with me, and that he cannot join us, but there is nothing to be done for it. We must prepare things for Theoden's funeral, and arrange for your official betrothing." "I know," she acknowledged, then tossed him a grin before departing. Eomer stood staring at the closed door for several moments before resuming his packing. Whether Eowyn liked it or not, so far as he was concerned, the sooner he left Minas Tirith the better it would be. xxx Imrahil's family had turned out to bid the Rohirrim farewell, but Eomer was able to keep a tolerable distance from Lothiriel so that nothing would seem amiss in their interaction. He had been a little surprised that she had come at all, making the walk up two levels to where they were gathering outside the Citadel. Making sure to display no preference for her company over anyone else's, he and Eowyn were soon mounted and making their way slowly down through the city. He did not notice the curious sidelong glances Eowyn cast in his direction initially, before finally turning her attention elsewhere. She understood why he could not pursue Lothiriel, as she was certain he wished, but it troubled her that he so clearly cared for the woman. It was good to be going home though. That so many wounded men were traveling in their midst slowed the trek somewhat, but still there was an excitement at returning to homeland and loved ones. Not until they reached the damaged walls of the Rammas Echor did Eomer allow himself a glance back at the White City. The past four months had been unbelievable – from the moment three men sprung up from the grass of Rohan, until he found himself facing the Black Gate, and down to seeing the crowning of Gondor's king after so very long without one. Turning his face back to the west, Eomer fixed his gaze on the horizon and signaled the company onward. There would be time in the evenings to dwell upon all that had taken place this year, but for now the Mark beckoned and there was much work to be done. TBC Gaerost – "sea fortress" Iorlin – "old song"