he did not immediately speak his purpose, Eomer ventured with a sigh, "Very well, tell me. Clearly something is amiss and you are delighting in sharing it with me." Eothain set a large bucket down on Eomer's desk with a thunk. It was filled with a grayish-brown sludge, and Eomer raised a curious eyebrow after glancing at it. "So?" he pressed. "My men have been collecting this from the stream. There was a blockage in the water just before the stream flowed under the wall, and when we checked, we found this," the big man explained. "And?" Eomer was sure that was not the whole of the matter. "And, I did some inquiring. Though they did not see him leave Meduseld, very early this morning your youngest son appeared at the front door, having come up the steps from the town. I have no proof, of course, but I am…suspicious of this…coincidence!" Eomer rubbed his forehead and sighed again, sitting back in his chair. "Aye, likely not a coincidence. Let me see what I can learn about it." Suddenly the memory of his conversation with Gamling returned to him, along with Lothiriel telling him of the mess Theomund had made in the bath at Dol Amroth while floating paper boats. With a groan he buried his face in his hands as understanding flooded through him. Eothain eyed him with interest, and at length he explained, "I think I know what is going on. If I am right, then it is time I had a talk with Theomund about the proper use of paper." After a moment, he glared up at his Captain. "Now that you have sons of your own, I would think you would cease to take such pleasure in alerting me to the mischief of my children!" Eothain rumbled with laughter. "Nay, Lord! It is things like this that keep my king humble!" He set the bucket by the door and beat a hasty retreat before Eomer could find a retort for his cheeky remark. In truth, Eomer could find as much humor in the situation as did his friend. During the remainder of his morning, he caught up on work that had been sidelined while he was gone. Yet every time he looked at the bucket of sludge, he could not help but chuckle and shake his head in wry amusement. At least laughing now might help him get it out of his system before confronting his son at noon. Eomer arrived in the dining chamber to find a very unhappy child scowling at the table, his arms crossed. He had not expected this, but he seated himself next to Theomund for a talk while they waited for the rest of the family to put in appearance. "You are upset about something?" the king asked at length. Theomund's pout tightened and he nodded. Finally he blurted out, "Someone took all my boats, Papa! Will you catch them and punish them?" His earnest expression almost caused Eomer to begin laughing again, but he managed to control himself. After a moment, he answered, "I know who took your boats, Theomund, and no I will not be punishing them. Mama told me that she scolded you for the mess you made in the bath at Dol Amroth with your boats. Did you not think that would happen here if you put them in the stream?" "No," the boy replied, quite honestly. "The water is moving so they would not sink and make a mess as they did in the bath." Now Eomer did smile. "Even in moving water, they do eventually sink, and the wet paper becomes very messy. Your boats stopped up the stream near the wall and made it very muddy. Eothain had to have some men clean it out, just like the servants had to clean out the bath in Grandfather's house." Theomund considered this, then asked, "So where can I sail my boats then?" Obviously the child didn't entirely grasp the idea that wet paper made a mess anywhere, and it took a moment for Eomer to think of a reply. By then Lothiriel and the other children were joining them, listening curiously to their conversation. "Tell you what, Theomund, I will have Gamling show you how to make a wooden boat that will sail. Then you will not use all of our writing paper, and you will not make messes for others to clean. Only on special occasions may you make Uncle Erchirion's paper boats, and then only a few – not so many as you have been doing. But, when we return to Dol Amroth and visit Uncle Erchirion, you may make as many paper boats as you like and float them in his bath. Is that agreeable?" Eomer dared not look at his wife when he offered this solution, which his son accepted. Possibly she would take him to task for the retaliation toward her brother. On the other hand, knowing Thiri, she just might think him justified! He very much owed Erchirion for teaching Theomund this particular skill! THE END 9/3/11 – 4/23/12 Elfwine is 14, Theodwyn is 7, Theomund is 5 and Morwen is about 17 months old. End note: It is best that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order, but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.