with agitation at his silence. Finally, in desperation, he blurted out, "I would have you for my wife!" Appalled, he stared at her. That was not at all how he had intended to do things. It wasn't gentle or romantic or any of the things women liked. Why would any woman agree to such a demand! Slowly she stood, staring at him in astonishment, and having to tilt her head back to see his face once she was standing. For several moments, their eyes were locked and neither spoke a word. Then, blushing furiously red, she moved forward and slipped her arms around his waist, hugging him tightly as she laid her head on his chest. "I would like that," she murmured. For an instant, Eothain stood frozen in place, not entirely sure he hadn't imagined her response. At length, though, comprehension took over and he wrapped her in his arms. "Yes?" he whispered. Turning a tearful face up to him, she laughed. "Yes!" He didn't remember moving, but suddenly he was kissing her with a passion so strong she had to cling to him for support. When finally he released her, she was gulping for breath, but her eyes shone with both love and humor. Unable to think of words to express her feelings, she just slipped into his arms once more and again laid her head on his chest. Thus it happened that Zimraphel did not return from her 'errands' for another hour. The boys had been released for the remainder of the day, so the queen was no longer in the main hall. They found her, however, when Eothain carried the bundles to Lothiriel's bedchamber for Zimraphel. At the sight of her, the girl's face froze in concern and she quickly turned away, busying herself with unwrapping the purchases. Eothain was oblivious to the sudden change in her demeanor, throwing the queen an impish grin before he kissed the girl goodbye and told her he would see her at supper. When the two women were alone, Lothiriel asked quietly, "Zimraphel?" She pressed no further, and the girl timidly turned to face her, not meeting her gaze. "Speak," the queen instructed. Mournfully, the girl looked up at her. "Eothain, he...he has asked me to marry him, my lady. But, perhaps I am not at liberty to do so." Her voice had trailed to a whisper by the time she got it all out. Shaking her head, Lothiriel moved over and swept the girl into her arms. "Of course you are at liberty to do so! I do not own you, and I would never deny you happiness. We will discuss the particulars and find a solution for each of us, but if you wish to marry that big oaf, then I shall do everything in my power to see it done! And you will be a beautiful bride and have a lovely wedding, make no mistake about it!" Zimraphel could not hold back the tears of relief and gratitude that flooded through her, and it occurred to Lothiriel just how alone the poor girl must feel with no surviving family. Well, she would not let her suffer for that. They would be her family and see this done right. And so it was that a maidservant from Gondor, who had been in the queen's employ for less than a year, found herself being wed in the Golden Hall. She was wearing a dress that the queen had helped her sew, she was given on the arm of the king's Doorward and there was a feast held afterward for all of the staff of Meduseld and anyone of the town who cared to attend. It would be difficult to say which looked most terrified on their wedding day – the shy, blushing bride or the middle-aged groom who was wondering what on earth he was getting himself into. But when they were finally bound as husband and wife, and sealed their vows with a kiss, the fear seemed to disappear. The queen had little doubt it would be a big adjustment for the both of them, but she also knew they both would work hard at making it turn out right. THE END 1/29/06 – 2/8/06 A/N2: This could get confusing, so I thought I ought to mention it. Because I have done so many variations on how E/L met and got together, you have seen quite a bit of Eothain. In all versions of my stories, his character/personality are essentially the same. HOWEVER, the No Mistake/Elfwine Chronicles series has seen little of Eothain. He really only appears to any appreciable extent in "You Want What?". Many of the things you "remember" happening between him and Eomer or Lothiriel are NOT in this series. In case you can't tell, if Eothain were a dog, I see him as being a cross between a Labrador and a Doberman. Most of the time he is this big, lovable, affable pooch, but get him riled and he can be deadly dangerous. Mentally, I rather imagine him as being a big bruiser of a man, rather like Sean Bean as Boromir. He can be physically intimidating without saying a word. End note: It is best that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order, but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.