kiss to his lips, again caressing his face. "That is all I ask. I only want your memories of her to be fond and not so crushing." Lothiriel was not surprised when Eomer had another restless night, and was gone before she awoke. Her hand smoothed across the sheets on his side of the bed, hoping today dawned brighter for him. xx "My lord! Welcome!" The tavern-keeper bustled toward him. "Would you care for something to drink?" Eomer paused, but then nodded. "Ale." It was a bit early for drinking, but he needed something to occupy his hands, and suddenly his throat felt very dry. A swift glance around showed few in the tavern so soon before noon, but there were a couple of men at one table in the farthest corner who eyed him curiously. The only other person sat drinking alone, his back to Eomer. After ten years, certainly Eomer could not recognize the man from behind, if he ever could, but his instinct told him this was who he sought. Just as the ale was handed to him, a craggy voice called out, "Have you come to imprison me, Eomer, now that it is within your power? Or are you here to kill me, as you always wanted to do? Surely none would question the king taking a life." There was bitterness in his tone, but also a recklessness. Eomer realized that Cuthburg did not much care if Eomer was going to kill him. Perhaps Lothiriel was right; perhaps he felt he deserved death. "What would imprisonment or death accomplish?" he asked walking closer, and moving around so he could see Cuthburg's face. He almost gasped at the change of ten years. Indeed, it looked more as though a span twice that had passed. He could not think that time alone had so ravaged the man's countenance. Cuthburg lifted his eyes to stare at Eomer, and almost unwillingly the king found himself searching for answers there. He did not like what he saw – the heavy burden of guilt, far worse even than what he had suffered when he thought he had failed Eowyn. Thiri was right; nothing Eomer could say or do would wound this man any more than he was already hurt. He drew out a chair and sat down across from Cuthburg, taking a sip of his ale while gathering his thoughts. Finally, with a sigh, he said what he knew must be said, no matter how difficult it was for him. "I was wrong to blame you. You did not deserve that. Only now do I see clearly and realize that Breguswith chose to act as she did, and you would have done anything, even to the giving of your own life, to prevent it." The man's brow knit with surprise. "You have changed, Eomer," he observed quietly. "Aye, I have. Long years of war does that to a man. And, I have found a good woman who helps me see my mistakes and correct them if I can." Cuthburg swallowed some of his ale, spilling a little on the table as he set the mug down with a thump. "A good woman is worth more than gold. Cling to her." Before Eomer could respond to that, he added, "Fegerwif left me, you know. Her grief was too great at the death of her only child. She took sick and died in less than a year." Eomer let out a ragged breath. "I am sorry for your loss. I always liked Fegerwif. She was very kind to me…as were you." A tear trickled from Cuthburg's eye, but he paid it no heed. "That was a long time ago." "Not so long. The War is ended and there is peace in our land. Shall there also be peace between us? I think…I think Breguswith would wish that. She would not like seeing you in such pain. Despite your different view of things, she did love you dearly." "As I loved her!" Cuthburg gasped, his face dropping on his arms as he wept freely. Eomer realized that perhaps he had never fully grieved for his daughter until now. Sympathetically, he laid a hand on the man's shoulder and remained silent. Eventually the emotion subsided, and Cuthburg swiped at his face with embarrassment. After a moment, he sat up and met Eomer's gaze. "You have changed, Eomer King, and perhaps if you do not think me a worthless cur, then I do not need to believe it is so." Eomer nodded. The tension eased, the men drank in silence. At length, Eomer asked, "Would…would you care to join me for the midday meal, meet my wife and son?" Cuthburg favored him with a long look and then smiled. "Yes, I should like that very much." 11/9/12 – 1/20/13 Cuthburg – "known protector"; Breguswith – "strong protector"; Fegerwif – "pleasant woman" The events described took place about 3009 III, when Eomer was about 18 or 19. 3002 - Death of Eomer's father Eomund. Soon afterwards, Eomer's mother Theodwyn also dies. 3014 - King Theoden begins to fall under the influence of Saruman's agent Grima Wormtongue. 3017 - Eomer becomes Third Marshal of the Mark. End note: It is best that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order, but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.