to admire in them, a Captain of Rangers required more. Legolas fought to maintain himself in the face of this mounting pressure. The blood was back in his ears, his breath rasping in and out of his open mouth. He tried to swallow and found it difficult, the chain moving over his throat as his adam's apple flexed beneath the constricting band. He felt Faramir fiddle behind him and the pressure increased. And increased again. He began to fight in earnest. He couldn't breathe. Big, bright spots danced before his closed eyes while blood rushed loudly enough to drown out all other sounds. His tongue was forced to the front of his mouth, almost over his lower jaw, as the space available to it decreased. The spots became larger and brighter, his breath loud yet with little volume, his mind spinning as he swayed with dizziness brought on by the lack of blood to his brain. Images came to him of men, bad men, leering, jeering at an elf caught in their trap. Indeed, the men in the cavern could be laughing or shouting right now and he would not hear them. Foolish elf. Stupid, stupid elf. They would kill him now, enjoy his dying struggles, then brag of the deed later in one of those dank, smoky beer-holes they favored. Irrelevantly he remembered dwarves and hobbits also loved beer-holes. Did no one care for wine anymore? Faster and faster his thoughts spun, disjointed, panicked, descending into darkness. If he could just topple over, he suddenly realized, the weights would hit the ground and cease strangling him. He tried to shift to one side, only to begin genuinely thrashing about in terror when he felt hands holding his upper arms, keeping him upright -- killing him. Then unexpectedly he felt a touch on the side of his face, soft words breathed into his ear, "Trust me, Legolas. Please… trust me. I will not fail you." Faramir's voice, his words, so quiet, so calming. The flailing Eldar could barely hear him. Faramir? He was still here? For some reason that surprised him. Then he remembered the cavern, the rangers, his purpose this night. Despite the approaching blackness at the edges of his mind, he forced himself to still and listen. "I am with you, Legolas," the voice continued, soft and intimate by his side, yet strong, powerful. "Never will I abandon you; never will you have cause to fear me. I will value your life as I do my own." Faramir stepped to the other side, trailing his hand across the finely-wrought chain binding the elf's neck. "Every ranger is your brother now. All will give their lives to protect you. Will you not do the same for them?" Aragorn recognized the words of the Ranger's Pledge. His own trial in the North had taken a somewhat different form, but the aim had been identical: to bind like minds together in an unbreakable bond of brotherhood. In Aragorn's case, there had been overtones of kinship and fealty as well, but those were issues not relevant to this gathering. He found himself mesmerized by the sight of one barely-conscious friend kneeling before another at the crisis of this trial. Faramir waited with baited breath. It all came down to this moment, this surrender of self and soul. He knew Legolas would do it for Aragorn without any hesitation whatsoever. It was easy to see the love his king shared with the elven archer, but Faramir had no comforting illusions regarding his own worthiness. He was no king of men to awaken such fond regard in a Firstborn prince. He was but a steward, of a rich and powerful land to be sure, but still of lesser blood, lesser stature. In the end, his family had failed in their trust to deliver the kingdom hale and hearty to its rightful ruler. Faramir considered himself more survivor than heir and thanked Aragorn's nobility and fair mindedness that he had a place in this new Gondor. Would that he managed to secure a place in his new friend's heart as well. The light of the world was fading quickly for Legolas now as he knelt before his tormentor (savior?) and tried to understand what has happening to him. How had Faramir turned from killer to protector so quickly? Was he not about to die after all? And what was this about brothers? In his confusion and distress, he almost lost the significance of the moment, but then suddenly the choice laid before him became plain: Give his life over to Faramir, his ranger-brother, or take it back and sever completely the ties he could build between them tonight. Either way, he now knew he would not die; no one here was trying to kill him. To enter this brotherhood he must give them everything he was or remain forever an outsider. It all seemed so simple. How could he have lost his path? Faramir was speaking again. "I know you cannot answer with words, but if you desire what is offered, remain still. Accept the darkness, knowing we will bring you back to us. If you do not wish to continue, fall to your side and we will release you. No one is holding you now." It was true. Legolas could no longer feel the hands on his arms or even Faramir's breath on his cheek. He was isolated in the middle of the cavern while the men waited for his decision. They knew what it meant to be where the elf was now; the confusion, the pain, the almost overwhelming inability to think clearly and knowing you must trust yourself to react without due consideration. It was almost as much a trial of faith in yourself as faith in others. Legolas knew how to have faith in himself. He bent all his will to remaining upright as long as possible, then slowly slid to the floor as blackness enveloped him. The End May 2006