area. Dejectedly, Caffola turned away and moved toward one of the side exits from the hall. He did not notice that Theodwyn had been standing nearby, having come to claim him for their dance, nor did he realize she had witnessed the full exchange with Tamwen and Feladyrne. Scowling in resentment of the way he had been treated, she spun on her heel and charged through the crowd in search of Elfwine. Elfwine had just gotten Dariel seated comfortably in a chair where she could watch the proceedings. She was in her seventh month of pregnancy and not always at ease, but she participated in activities as long as she could before she was forced to retire for the evening. Just as Elfwine straightened, Theodwyn charged up and caught him by the arm to drag him away for a private conversation. Dariel shook her head in amusement, by now quite used to Theodwyn's blunt manner. "Theodwyn, what is it?" Elfwine asked, freeing his arm from her grasp. Pacing angrily in front of him, she animatedly relayed what had taken place, then demanded, "What are we to do?" Older and wiser, Elfwine better understood the situation and told her firmly, "Nothing." As she began to protest, he stopped her with a raised hand. "Theodwyn, this is not something you can fix. I will go talk to Caffola, but anything you might do to try and help would only make things worse. Please, just be his friend, but do not interfere." He reached out and stroked her head soothingly at the frustrated look in her eyes. "I know it is difficult, and I want to help Caffola, too, but we must tread lightly. Love is not something outsiders should meddle in." "But he–" she began to protest, only to be interrupted. "No 'buts', Theodwyn." He pressed a kiss to her forehead. "Trust me on this. Although it is difficult to see Caffola be hurt, there is only so much we can do without hurting him more." Reluctantly, she backed down, crossing her arms in annoyance at the injustice of it all. "Do not fret, dearest," Elfwine reassured. "I will go do what I can." With a sigh, he moved toward the exit she had indicated Caffola had used, and followed the other young man out into the darkness. It was not difficult to locate his friend, for he had not gone far and was sitting on a bench, staring out into the night. Elfwine took a seat beside Caffola, remaining silent for awhile. At length, he asked, "Will you not fight for her?" "She has made her choice," Caffola answered dully. "Of course she would want someone with more to offer than I ever could." "Stop it!" Elfwine snapped and Caffola looked up, blinking in surprise at his tone. "I will not allow you to sit here and wallow in self-pity. You are a good man, you have an honorable occupation, you are a hard worker and have a pleasing disposition. Feladyrne can offer her nothing more or better than you can." He paused a moment and then added, "And I am not convinced he offers her as much as you do." "What do you mean?" Caffola asked hesitantly. "I do not think he loves her. I think…I have seen men like him before. I think he toys with her for his own pleasure, and will ill use her, then cast her aside. If you truly love her, you would not let her suffer such a fate." "Have you learned something?" Caffola questioned, demandingly. "If so, I would hear it!" "No," Elfwine sighed, "nothing has been said to raise my suspicions. It is just a feeling I have – the way he carries himself, and the way I have seen him act with other women." Caffola shook his head disbelievingly. "You are my friend, and you think you see things that are not there because you want me to be happy. Everyone speaks well of Feladyrne, and even with my own eyes I can find no complaint with his behavior." Elfwine let out a growl of frustration with his friend's stubbornness, and rose. "I am not wrong. I am sure he will prove his true colors all too soon. And Tamwen will be the one to suffer for your blindness." He turned and strode quickly into Meduseld, his irritation evident in his movements. Caffola dropped his head into his hands. For just an instant, he entertained the notion Elfwine had planted in his mind, but then he forced it aside. It was wishful thinking that Feladyrne had evil designs on Tamwen. She would not accept his attentions if he were a bad person. He sat on the bench long into the night, his mind awhirl with many thoughts, but nothing to offer him hope. He would have to plan a future without Tamwen at his side. TBC Leofwine – "agreeable friend" (Durucwen's husband; Tamwen's father) Feladyrne – "many secrets" Halmeth - "fortunate maiden" (Byldan's wife) E 52, L 44, Elfwine 22 (married; Arawine born in June); Theodwyn 15, Theomund 13, Morwen 9, Theodred 0 (born in Feb) Caffola 22, Tamwen 23; Feladyrne 26 End note: It is best that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order (#15 came after #17, I think), but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.