like this old woman, despite her unexpected conversation. "I suspect that Lothiriel will wish to care for our children as often as she may do so, but likely a nurse will be needed to assist her so she may have time for her duties as queen. I would hope to participate as frequently as time will allow me to. As for Lothiriel taking care of me in addition to the children, I do not believe I could prevent her from it no matter how hard I tried. She can be most determined!" Another snort. "Obstinate, is more like it! Head strong! Lovely girl, our Lothiriel. Had to be strong to survive living with all those men, and no mother to show her the way. Did you want something to eat? Most folks eat about now. I do not much care for meals at midday, but it is an established practice, so people expect it, you know." "You did invite us to dinner, Aunt," Lothiriel interjected, finally rejoining their conversation. "Did I? Must have been bowing to social pressure. Silly waste of time and food, if you ask me. A few cups of tea and some biscuits tides a person over until supper. Ah well, if I invited you, I had best make good." She had bounded up from her chair once more and shuffled quickly to the doorway. This time Eomer was prepared when she bellowed out, "Food! Bring us food!" Once more she returned to her chair as though nothing odd had just occurred, and Eomer snuck a glance at his wife, who merely grinned in response. Almost instantly, the same servant shuffled in with a full tray, and began laying it out on the small table near the window. The cats, having finished their cream, hastened to explore what new delights were being made available. The servant was ready for them, however, and the first dish he uncovered held a large bowl of minced fish. Instantly, he had their full attention as he led them back to the hearth and portioned it out in the numerous dishes. While he did thus, Lothiriel set to dishing up plates of food for her and Eomer. He was a little surprised when she did not even offer to do the same for her aunt, but after that discourse on dinner, he supposed it was pointless, and likely Lothiriel knew what was best. In spite of Ivriniel's view on eating meals at midday, the dinner was actually quite tasty. Eomer wasn't sure he recognized everything he had been served, but he could ask Lothiriel about it later. Possibly it was local delicacies that they did not have in Rohan. Ivriniel silently watched them eat, and Eomer was grateful that she wasn't going to make him attempt to talk around mouthfuls of food. The instant he swallowed the last bite, however, she started up again. "Have the Rohirrim settled that nasty business with the Dunlendings yet?" He blinked in astonishment at the question. He wasn't sure what had been more startling, that this seemingly housebound old woman knew of that dispute or that she was inquiring about it. "Do not look so surprised, boy! One does not have to leave their house to know what is going on in the land. I stay on top of things, you may be sure." He was quite sure she did. Eomer suspected she perhaps knew more than a good many others who should know such things. Drawing his focus back to her question, he answered, "Yes, for the most part. There may still be some lingering resentment of our past troubles, but when we defeated them at Helm's Deep and then treated them mercifully, they swore an oath to never again wage war against us. They even sent an ambassador to Gondor – this November past." It felt odd having such a discussion with an elderly noblewoman, but if that interested her, so be it. Ivriniel nodded. "Good. There has been enough killing, and you would never find that peace you seek if that old wound could not be healed." Abruptly, Ivriniel stood. "Time for my nap. I will see you children later, perhaps." Eomer and Lothiriel instantly rose as well. Once more, Ivriniel advanced on Eomer, coming to stand in front of him, again almost touching. Peering up into his face, there was a long pause, and then she smiled approvingly. "I like you, boy! Welcome to the family!" She disappeared out the door, shuffling determinedly down the hall, and never looking back. For several long moments, nothing was said as Lothiriel moved to link her arm with her husband's. Then he murmured softly, a grin twitching at his mouth, "I like you, also, Aunt Ivriniel!" THE END 2/10/08 FYI: Ivriniel was born in 2947. She was the eldest child of Prince Adrahil of Dol Amroth. She would be 73 here. This is only a few months into Eomer and Lothiriel's marriage, and follows the stories "Advance" and "Reason", though it does not particularly tie to those stories. This story does make reference to events that took place in "By the Book" and "No Mistake: Redux", prior to Eomer and Lothiriel's marriage. End note: It is best that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order, but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.