aware of that. When did such take place?" Eomer's scowl had deepened, so Lothiriel hesitantly explained, "It…it was several years ago, Father, when I was visiting Minas Tirith with Aunt Ivriniel. King Eomer was here with his cousin, Prince Theodred." Her hand fisted in the folds of her skirt, out of sight of onlookers. This was proving as difficult as she had anticipated. "I see," Imrahil commented, but Eomer had already turned his attention to the man's sons, and was greeting them warmly. Again Imrahil's brow rose. He would never have expected Eomer to behave so, indeed his behavior toward Lothiriel was almost rude. After a moment, Imrahil set aside his concern over it; likely Eomer was exhausted from his travel, and distressed by the reason for it. He would be more the man Imrahil knew and liked once this was all in the past. He followed the young king along the line as he greeted others, and they slowly made their way to join Gondor's king and queen. Once he was past, Lothiriel sat as quickly as was appropriate. A glance up gave her a glimpse of her aunt, smiling approvingly at her conduct, and apparently totally unware of the turmoil raging inside her niece. Giving a small sigh, Lothiriel sipped at the wine that the servants were beginning to pour and let the talk nearby draw her in. Despite everything, however, Lothiriel could not keep from sneaking glances at Eomer. Doing so afforded her nothing, though, as he never seemed to look in her direction or take any further notice of her. Just as Erglass had indicated, Eomer had the full interest of every unattached woman in the room, and Lothiriel caught even a few of the married ones eyeing him. When the meal ended and the guests stood around talking and mingling, Eomer was soon surrounded by eager women, anxious to catch his notice. That alone was irksome to Lothiriel, who felt she must keep her distance, but the worst part of it was how pleased he seemed to be to accommodate them. It was quite evident he had well and truly forgotten his professions of love to her, and he most certainly had not been pining over her loss. It put a bitter taste in her mouth, even as she admitted she full well deserved to be treated thus. To her chagrin, her brother Erchirion seemed intent on bringing the two of them together, and despite her protests, he caught her elbow and propelled her toward the golden-haired king. Likely no one but Lothiriel noticed him stiffen when he caught a glimpse of her approaching. He politely turned to acknowledge them, though he kept his eyes on Erchirion, barely glancing at her. Feeling awkward standing there in silence, she ventured conversation by telling him, "I was very sorry to learn of your uncle's death, and Theodred's as well. You have my condolences." The words brought a resounding silence from all gathered, and Lothiriel paled, realizing that perhaps that had not been the best topic at just this moment. Eomer's jaw had tightened, but he quietly answered, "Thank you. That is very kind of you." He paused an instant, then glanced around at the group attending him and announced, "If you will all excuse me. It has been a very long day and we depart early. I believe I will call it a night." He sketched a bow at the collective gathering, and they responded in kind, though clearly the ladies were loath for him to depart. Sadly, Lothiriel watched him stride over to farewell the royals of Gondor and her father before exiting. It had perhaps been foolish of her, but she had hoped that they might at least be friendly toward one another. She had dared hope he might have forgiven her for the folly of her youth, but clearly forgiveness was not forefront in his mind where she was concerned. Erchirion made no comment, though he watched her curiously from the corner of his eye. Neither she nor Eomer had mentioned their previous acquaintance, but he could discern nothing in their behavior to suggest it had been a cordial association. He bit back a grin; Aunt Ivriniel had her work cut out for her if she hoped to marry his sister off to Rohan's king, as he had little doubt she intended. TBC Erglass – "lone joy" Linsul – "wind song" Angcam – "iron hand" Arastel – "deer foot" Ivriniel: Sister of Prince Imrahil of Dol Amroth. Ivriniel was born in 2947 (69 in 3016). She was the eldest child of Prince Adrahil of Dol Amroth. She had a younger sister Finduilas - wife of Denethor II, Steward of Gondor - and a younger brother Imrahil. Theodred born 2978 (38 in 3016); died 25 Feb 3019 Eomer born 2991; 25 in 3016 Lothiriel born 2999; 17 in 3016 Theoden began to fall under influence of Grima in 3014 3018 September 19: Gandalf comes to Edoras and is refused admittance. September 20: Gandalf has an audience with King Theoden and warns him of Saruman's treachery, but Theoden sends him away. Soon afterwards, Saruman begins to act openly in his plan to conquer Rohan. September 23: Gandalf leaves Rohan with Shadowfax. 3019 February 25: Theoden's son Theodred is killed by Saruman's forces at the First Battle of the Fords of Isen. February 27: Theoden learns of Theodred's death. Erkenbrand sends a request for reinforcements but Grima advises against it and Theoden follows his advice. Eomer leads his eored in pursuit of the Orcs against King Theoden's orders. February 30: Eomer meets Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli and decides to aid them. On his return to Edoras, Eomer is arrested. March 2: Theoden is freed from Grima's influence by Gandalf and decides to ride to war against Saruman. August 7: The funeral escort arrives in Edoras. August 10: Funeral of King Theoden. Eomer announces the betrothal of Eowyn to Faramir of Gondor. August 14: The Fellowship leaves Edoras.