and they set out just after dinner. Their sightseeing and shopping took most of the afternoon, and it was somewhat reluctantly that Caffola returned to the Golden Hall. His time here was drawing to an end, and he knew he would have to be up and on his way early in the morning. He had come to realize that he would miss Tamwen's company. They had dropped his purchases in his room, and then Tamwen hurried off to help with supper. Once she was gone, he sat on his bed, pondering the situation. Dare he… With a sigh, he fell over backwards and laid sprawled across the bed. This visit to Edoras had certainly proven eventful, and in some ways it was both unsettling and unsatisfactory. Still, he could not change what was. At least King Eomer had agreed to keep Lithemeg. That was something, making the visit not a total disappointment. Theomund appeared at his door, calling him to come eat, and he quickly washed his face and hands. If Elfwine's family noticed how quiet he was during the meal, they did not say so, and they kept up a lively conversation of their own. Tamwen appeared only once, bringing in a platter, but then did not return. Once the meal concluded, the family was preparing to gather in Eomer's study, but Caffola excused himself briefly, saying he would join them shortly. Making his way to the kitchen, he hovered in the doorway, hesitant about entering and approaching Tamwen so publicly. Luck was with him, however, as she looked up and spotted him. Flashing a grin, she wiped her hands and came to greet him. "Caffola! Did you need something?" Shuffling in place, he stammered, "Could…could I speak with you for a moment? In private?" Raising a curious eyebrow, she nodded and gestured toward the outside door, leading him out into the cool night air. They walked a short distance away from the kitchen door so as to not be overheard, and she turned to look questioningly at him in the moonlight. Rarely in his life had he been tongue-tied, but this seemed to be a unique situation. "I…" he began, then faltered. Taking a deep breath, he pressed determinedly on, "I was wondering if…if it would be all right if I write to you, when I get home?" There could be little doubt of the genuine pleasure in her response for her face lit up. "I should like that, very much!" she told him softly, dropping her eyes. "Good," he murmured, unsure what else to say. They stood in silence, neither quite looking at the other, before Tamwen apologetically told him, "I really must get back to work." She knew he was leaving rather early and wasn't sure if she would see him again. Despite her responsibilities inside, she was reluctant to leave him here. "Of course. I did not mean to interrupt. I hope I did not get you into trouble," he offered. "You did not," she assured. She started to turn away, then impulsively turned back and looked closely at him for a moment. An instant later, she reached up and quickly kissed his cheek, before bolting back inside. For several minutes, Caffola stood in the dark with a silly grin spread over his face, his hand rubbing the spot she had kissed. Then slowly he made his way in to join Elfwine and his family. xx This was turning into a bittersweet parting, more so than usual, but all things considered, Caffola had enjoyed his visit. Gathering his belongings, he made his way to the Golden Hall. Not surprisingly, Eomer and Lothiriel were already there, waiting to bid him farewell, and the queen wanting to make sure he ate before departing. As they sat down together to eat, Eomer leaned his arms on the table and said solemnly, "Caffola, I have changed my mind. I do not think I have room in my stable for Lithemeg." Caffola's heart stopped beating in his chest, and he stared at the king with a horrified expression. Then Eomer lifted his gaze to meet the young man's eyes. "Therefore, I think I will give her to you, to replace Mithlig. You should have a horse of your own instead of borrowing mine all the time!" His eyes twinkled with mischief as Caffola's mouth dropped open. "You are…giving me Lithemeg?" he questioned, too stunned to quite take it in. "Yes. Unless you do not want her, of course. I am sure I could sell her…" "No!" Caffola blurted out, despite his subconsciously knowing the king was teasing. An instant later, he was on his feet and had his arms wrapped around Eomer in a tight hug. Eomer chuckled and grinned at his wife. Somehow he thought it unlikely Caffola was ever going to learn proper decorum with the king… THE END 8/20/06 – 8/27/06 Lithemeg: lithe – gentle, meg – maiden; "gentle maiden" Elfwine and Caffola are 19, Theodwyn is 12, Theomund is 10 and Morwen is 6. Tamwen is 20. Frame of reference: the following year in May, 21 IV, Elfwine loses his hand (Lost & Found). End note: It is not essential that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written, but there is an advantage to doing so. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order, but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.