will not make me love you any less. I cannot change the fact that you do not carry my blood in your veins, but I will always bear love for you in my heart. I swear it." The small boy drew back and wiped at his face, pondering this for a moment, then nodded his acceptance. He could not expect more than that. Throwing his arms around Theomund's neck, he hugged him tightly, "I will always love you, too, Papa." xx Eomer moved to seat himself at the desk in his study, then looked at the small group gathered there. Theomund had asked for certain people specifically to join them: Eomer, Lothiriel, Elfwine and Eomer's two Chief Advisers. With Theomund were Fele, Frideswide, Eledher and Haldred. "So, Theomund, what is this all about?" Eomer asked. "My lord," he formally phrased, "I have a matter to bring up that is largely a family matter, but may have some points that require counsel from your Advisers. I wish to name Eledher as my lawful heir, with all the rights and privileges that attend that position." Eomer blinked in surprise, not expecting this, but Lothiriel smiled. The two Advisers were momentarily stunned, and then broke into frantic whispering between the two of them. Finally, Eomer raised a hand to silence the two men and asked, "You are certain about this? You have thought it through carefully?" "Yes, Father. I love him as dearly as if he were flesh of my flesh. It is merely a formality, but I would have all know the esteem he is held in our family and in my heart. I would have him responsible for my land and property, for my family, should anything happen to me. I will be responsible for explaining this to Haldred as he grows older so he understands why I chose to do this." "My lord," one Adviser ventured, "he is not of the house of Eorl..." Eomer caught the implication and nodded. Turning back to Theomund and his family, he signaled to Eledher to come to him. When the boy came forward, he lifted him up into his lap. "Eledher, do you know what the house of Eorl is?" When the boy shook his head no, Eomer continued, "It is the blood line of the kings of Rohan. Each of the kings has been from that line for generations. Normally it comes down through the male line, from son to son, but on occasion it comes down through the female line through a daughter, as it did with me, when no sons are living to rule. When I die, Elfwine will be the next king of Rohan, and after him will come Arawine. But that assumes that everything goes the way that it should. If something very unusual were to happen, it is possible that the kingship might come to Theomund instead, and that eventually it could fall to one of Theomund's sons to rule Rohan. All of Theomund's sons would be of the blood line of the house of Eorl – all of them except for you. As king of Rohan, I can make you Theomund's lawful heir, but I cannot make you of the blood line of Eorl, and so I cannot make it possible for you to rule Rohan. Do you see that?" Eledher thought for a moment and then nodded. Eomer added, "It does not mean that I or Theomund does not love you, but that is simply something that we cannot give you, and the law says that you must have it if you are to rule Rohan. So, I will grant what Theomund asks – I will make you Theomund's lawful heir, with the one exception that you will not be his heir to the throne of Rohan. Haldred will retain that right, should it ever become necessary." With that Eomer kissed the boy's head, and grinned at his son. "You do like to keep an old man on his toes, do you not? Do you lie awake at night thinking of new and interesting ways to challenge me?" All in the room broke up with laughter, save Eledher, who did not understand what was said, and the Advisers who did not have much of a sense of humor to begin with. There was a side benefit to the whole matter, however. Theomund was now more aware of what he was doing, and realized that his excessive focus on his new son had been misconstrued by Eledher. He was more careful to include Eledher and not appear to show favorites, thus allowing Fele more time to enjoy her new baby, which suited the new mother just fine. THE END 7-4-06 Eledher is 6-7 A/N2: I haven't done a story about it, but Gamling began relinquishing his duties and training his replacement in May, 44 IV. Since Eomer has been absent more and more frequently, and turning more and more responsibility over to Elfwine, he left it to his son to select the new Doorward. Elfwine chose Brandir, son of Eothain, to be his Doorward. At this point, Gamling is still around, but Brandir largely does the footwork while Gamling mostly just advises him. End note: It is best that you read the Elfwine Chronicles in the order they were written. The more of them that I wrote, the more likely I was to make reference to one of the previous ones and something that happened there. If you want to read them in order, go to the top of this page and click on my name (Deandra). That will take you to my profile page. Scroll down and you will find all the stories I have written. The Elfwine Chronicles are in order from bottom to top since ffn shows them in the order they were posted. A few were posted out of number order, but you can read them in posting order or number order since those few won't be affected in the story content.