door behind him, leaving Elladan and Elrohir in the hall. He looked around, noting the open window, the quiet sounds outside of those fortuned people who did not have a duty which required living temporarily by the schedules of Men. Other than that, however, the room was quiet, even when he focused his naturally sharp hearing. Admittedly curious as to what had frightened the twins, he began to prowl the room, peering into the closet, behind a trunk, behind a drapery. Finally he found himself beside Elladan's bed, where the boys claimed to have heard the 'orc'. Dropping to one knee, he shifted his grip on his sword just in case, and lifted the edge of the rumpled blankets. There was certainly no orc, although he'd been certain of that. As a matter of fact, he discovered after poking around in a large pile of clothes and other things with the tip of his blade, there was nothing alive in there at all. Puzzled, Laurë sat back on his heels, looking around. Then, what could have caused the sounds Elladan insisted that they'd heard? He'd thought he might at least find a small animal, like the squirrel the twins had once caged under his bed although for what reason he still wasn't certain. Finally he stood again, shrugging one shoulder slightly to himself, and turned, preparing to leave. A clunk from behind sent him into a defensive spin, blade up. He scanned the area quickly, eyes darting finally to the bed. Carefully this time, he moved back toward the sound, alert but still confused. He had heard something... but he could not hear it now, had not seen it, could not even smell it. In one quick, fluid move, he flung up the blankets again, sword at the sharp ready. And then he chuckled, quietly, to himself, letting his weapon fall. There was only one thing that had changed from when he had last peered into this dark treasure trove -- one book had fallen off a stack of them, all of which were teetering rather precariously. He looked closer, and saw another book near the one he knew had fallen. The twins' orc, no doubt; a fear caused by their own untidiness. Laurë shook his head a bit, reaching in to pick up the book and read the spine, before putting it back down. The second he tucked into his tunic; Elrond had been searching for these poems for some months. With a swat of the flat of his blade, the rest of the stack came toppling down, where they could not repeat the fall. Standing then, he looked about the rest of the room, satisfying himself that nothing more could bump, thump, or crash to scare the boys, then he moved back to the door. Elladan and Elrohir had been hovering just outside; they jumped back as he swung the door open. Eyebrows arched, the golden-haired warrior let the pair look at him with wide, pleading eyes for a second before relenting, fighting the amused smile that hovered at the corners of his lips. "Your orc, pin tithen , is gone." "Did you really get it?" Elladan demanded to know, suspicion flickering around his eyes. This one would be a sharp debater some year himself, Laurë thought. Much like his father... "Yes, I dealt with it," he answered truthfully, lifting his sword. "With my own blade." That satisfied Elrohir. Eyes shining happily, he flung himself at the warrior, whose heart skipped briefly as the boy barely missed injuring himself, and hugged him. Then the younger twin took off across the room, peering under the bed curiously. Elladan eyed the adult for a moment more, then seemed to relax too, following his brother without a look back. Sighing, Laurë left the room as the boys both climbed up on the one bed, closing the door behind him. Standing for a moment in the hall, he thought over what had just happened since he'd been so rudely awoken, and then shook his head slightly. Just why did he get involved in these things? he thought again, starting down the hall toward his own chambers and his beckoning pillow. With the history he'd seen and made, the wars he'd lived through, the glory he'd known... why was he chasing imaginary orcs? There were so many 'better' uses of his times and skills, people would say, so many other, more important places to make use of his sword. To all the logic of Men and Elves, it was senseless! Honestly, why did he do it? The Firstborn was stopped in his physical and mental tracks by the quiet, questioning warmth that seeped into his soul from without, the touch of the one he knew he would die for if need be. Quietly, he found himself beginning to smile, turning and looking back down the hall with not only exasperation, but fondness. Yes, he did love those boys, as much as they had put him through so far, and likely would many times more before their adulthood. But, truthfully, there was one reason above all why he, Laurefindë Minnon, battle-captain of legend, slayer of a balrog and the hosts of Morgoth, did such things. It was for that warmth, that trust, that laughter that he shared with only one other. The bond of love that was closer than any other save that of mates. For you , he informed Elrond with a silent chuckle as he closed his own door behind him, retreating to the welcome embrace of his own bed. Ai, mell, you know I do it for you. ------ Translations: Ada : "Daddy" Ego : "go!", "leave!" Ai : a sound widely usable in question, exclamation, or agreement; analogous to "Ah", "Oh", "Indeed" Pen muin : "dearest one" Pin tithen : "little ones" Minnon : "Firstborn"; in my stories used as a second-name for those who were among the very first Eldar and therefore have no father-or-mother-name. Mell : "dear (one)"