the Hornburg. Amid the dust and stench of the Pelennor after the battle, Legolas stood looking out over the sea of broken limbs and bodies and the rivers of blood. He combed the area in which he had seen the Rangers fighting. His keen eyes had grown used to the darkness, as day had turned into night. And finally he saw him. Halbarad, the valiant Ranger, dark of hair and eyes but light of speech and heart, crumpled in the dirt like a bundle of rags and bones. His throat had been cut and he bore many other wounds. Legolas knelt down beside him and cradled the Man's head in his hands. The once-weary face was now at peace, its lines now smoothed, and its worries over. Legolas bowed his head in respect, and after a few moments he unclasped the star-shaped brooch from the Ranger's cloak, and his careful hands removed the scroll of parchment from within Halbarad's jerkin. "Rest, my noble friend," the Elf said. Ten years later, Legolas stood before Barliman Butterbur in the Prancing Pony. "Do you know of a lady named Veronica?" he asked the Man. Barliman stared at the visitor. This strange Elf wore his hood pulled so closely around his face and shoulders that the innkeeper could not see him properly. It lent the creature an air of otherworldliness not often seen anymore in the lands about the Shire. "Veronica Goldspanner? Aye. She is one of the barmaids." He looked suspicious. "Is she here at present?" asked Legolas. Barliman looked nervous. "I am not sure I ought to tell you that," he said, glancing up at the tall, mysterious figure. Legolas pulled his hood back a little, and the innkeeper gasped to see the beauty of the Elf, so seldom seen in these parts, the light shining from Legolas' face almost blinding him. "I came as a friend of Halbarad the Ranger," said Legolas. "I mean no harm to you." "Halbarad! I have not seen him in years!" cried Barliman. "Veronica will be well surprised! Come, I will take you to her." Legolas followed the innkeeper up a narrow flight of stairs to a room along the upper corridor. Barliman knocked on the grey wood of the door and presently it opened with a creak. Before them stood a lady who must have been in her thirties, but she looked a little older than her years. Legolas noticed her striking hair first; it fell about her shoulders in unruly ringlets of brown shining with red. She gazed up at them with curious bright eyes, but she did not smile. "Veronica," said Mr. Butterbur, "an – er – friend – has come to see you." Veronica peered at the hooded Elf. "Do I know you, Sir?" she asked with some wariness. "I should have said that he is a friend of Mr. Halbarad's," Barliman corrected. Veronica's face turned white as Legolas threw back his hood to reveal himself. He caught Veronica as she fell down in a faint. The Man and Elf supported her into the room and Barliman shut the door. He went to pull over a chair from under her plain wooden table so that Legolas could seat her upon it. "I am sorry to have startled you," said the Elf. "I will not stay long and cause you any more distress." "You – you spoke of Halbarad," she said haltingly. "I have not seen him for years now." "Yes, I know," said Legolas. "He and I fought in the war to the south together," he told her. "Did he tell you of me, then?" she asked, staring at Legolas in wonder. "I had no idea that he knew any being such as you. I did not know much about him at all. I thought he had left me." "Did you love him?" asked Legolas. Veronica gasped and her hand flew to her throat. "I do not know by what odd fate you have come here to discuss my life with me," she said, "or why I should tell you of my innermost private feelings." Legolas' eyes shone with pity. He reached beneath his cloak and took out a parcel wrapped in a linen scarf tied with a velvet ribbon. He held this out for Veronica. With trembling hands, she opened the small bundle. Within lay Halbarad's silver brooch and a parchment scroll. She picked up the brooch and stared at it. Then she unrolled the parchment. When she recognized her room in the picture, her face crumpled and she held the brooch to her lips. When she unfurled the drawing of her own likeness, she began to sob. "I am sorry to tell you that Halbarad died in battle," said Legolas. "He was a brave man to the end. Several days before he met his fate we talked of you and he made that drawing of you and your room from memory. He said he would never forget this place. He loved you. I wanted you to know that, and so I took those things from his body, and I have kept them until I could come here and give them to you I hope you can take comfort from knowing that he was comforted being able to look upon your likeness and remember you." A few moments of silence passed while Veronica stared at the last pieces of Halbarad's memory. "Thank you," she said finally. She was weeping softly. "I will see myself out," said Legolas, rising. "Wait," she said. Legolas stopped, his hand on the door-handle, and turned to look at her. "Yes," she said. "You should know that I loved him." A/N: TIMELINE OF EVENTS Year 3019 March 3:Battle of the Hornburg March 6:The Dúnedain overtake Aragorn March 7:Aragorn comes to Dunharrow March 8:Aragorn takes the Paths of the Dead March 10:The Dawnless Day – the Muster of Rohan Halbarad died on the Pelennor fields on March 15. (from P. 882 – LOTR: Alan Lee Illustrated Edition.) 12