thereafter, when while coming home from a trip I met a young elleth in the gardens. Somehow I knew her before either of us had spoken a word, and she likewise. Our soft laughter was nearly the first sound either of our voices made when we first met, except for her singing which had drawn me in the first place. Wild with joy, I knew I was in love - nay, more than that. I knew that I, in the way of the Eldar not of Men, had found the one who was destined to be my wife. That joy lasted only several nights, until finally I mentioned my new love to my father. He was excited for me at first; he wished to know who it was. Not suspecting that there might be anything wrong, I joyously spoke her name. The look in his eyes turned to steel. That evening, I learned that my dear new friend and love was none other than my father's own blood daughter, whom I had never met, who had just returned from staying with her grandparents in Lothlórien, where she had grown up since her mother's loss. That evening, I learned that my father's protectiveness extended to more than I. That evening, my world fall apart. The next morning, I left, not to return for many years. I remember when a small hobbit brought me back home. There were four, actually, but it was the one who held the One Ring who so desperately needed the help that only one person I knew could provide. The little one was dying, fading quickly from his wound and the touch of Shadow both, and so I ran for the greatest Healer I knew. I ran to the one I had once called father. I expected to leave again quickly, return to my Ranger's life and posts in the wilds, but several of my old friends convinced me to stay. So I stayed. I sought him out several times; I learned that little had changed. He still refused to give me his daughter's hand. Yet, at the same time, I could see something in his eyes that gave me a flickering of hope - hope for which he had named me as a child - that maybe, just maybe I might still hold a part of his love. It was for that flicker of emotion in his eyes that I stood at the Council and chose to join the Fellowship... and to seek to regain the heritage I had fled from so many years before. The next year was achingly slow and whirlingly fast all at once. Battle, running, walking, war; my world narrowed, until all that mattered was getting the Ring to Mordor... and gaining back the respect of the Lord of Imladris. Despite my hard-sought goal, however, I do not believe I ever really thought I would be able to. But when one night at the edge of Rohan I came face-to-face with the one I thought I would never see so far from home, I could not help but hope. "I come of behalf of one I love" he said, and though he spoke in that moment of his daughter, when I looked into fierce gray eyes I saw more than her father. I saw my own. I remember when they gave me the kingdom, the throne, that so many had coveted, the one I had never wished for. I remember that day vividly. But not because of the crown set upon my head. Not because of the fine clothes I was given to wear, or the gifts bestowed upon my new kingship. It was because that day, I was finally given the hand of my Lady. And that day, I finally, once more, saw pride behind the tears in my father's eyes. And now, years later, here I stand again, at the birth of my third child. A son and a daughter we have already, and I have long since learned of the other side of the relationship between father and child. I would defend my children with my life. I would bring down the stars for them to touch, if I could. I would give my kingdom for their happiness, and kill to protect them. Now I understand. Finally, I understand. A smile spreads across my face at my thoughts, and widens even more as a tiny warm bundle is placed in my arms. The gray eyes of the only healer we would allow in the room twinkle at me, and I see in them hints of memory, of his own children being born... and as his hand rests upon my shoulder, I know that I am not exempt from those memories. I smile back as he returns to my wife to finish cleaning up after the birth, and after a few minutes of cuddling return my new daughter to her exhausted mother's side. As she takes her babe back into her arms, I look back up. My father only smiles slightly, and kisses both I and my wife on the forehead before leaving the room, leaving us to our own family as our elder two children rush in past him. I remember so many things... a century of memories, now; longer than any human should expect to live... any human that is, who has not elven blood. As I watch go the being who gave me that blood, I am drawn to follow, nearly on his heels out into the hallway. I place my hand on his shoulder, and he turns. We share a long glance between us, equals yet still family, and finally he smiles once more, warmly, and I grin. And if the people standing in or passing through this hallway look on in surprise as Elessar of Gondor, King of Men, and Elrond of Imladris, Lord of Eldar, wrap each other in a warm embrace, it is only because they cannot remember the things that I remember.