brother, I'll warrant." Faramir gazed at the man from Belfalas. "You know what having a brother is like. You know what pain it would cause you if Rochion were to die. How you would—wish to die yourself." Tirinion nodded. "Aye," he said huskily. "That I do." Faramir sighed. "In truth...I do not know what to do. How can we hope for victory without Boromir?" Tirinion shook his head. "Boromir was great, but he was not the only one," he said. "We still have leaders that can bring us victory. Leaders that men will follow." He stopped and shook his head. "Do not let what others think bring thee down." Faramir leaned forward until his elbows rested on his knees and began massaging his eyes. "I have to tell him, Tirinion." Tirinion nodded and stared at the flames. "Aye. He has a right to know, sir." He bit his tongue and cursed himself inwardly for his lack of better words. "But thee must rest first," he finally said, in a firm voice that he had never used with his captain before. Faramir was not irked. He nodded slowly, hands still over his eyes. "Yes, I should. But I am afraid, Tirinion." He looked up at the other man, and there was fear in his eyes. Tirinion had never seen his Captain look like that before, and he was unsure what to think. "I don't know what I will find in the land of dreams. And I do not want to waste time. Now that Boromir is...gone...I must do the work of us both." "Thee cannot, Captain," Tirinion protested. "It is impossible. Thee does too much already. Thou wilt kill thyself if thou tries it." Faramir laughed hoarsely. "Kill myself...aye, I might kill myself. But if that is the outcome, then that is what I must do." He closed his eyes and leaned back, idly unclasping his cloak and loosening the collar of his tunic. "But perhaps I can delay my return to Minis Tirith for a few days..." "We need thee here," Tirinion agreed. Faramir sighed and bowed his head, and before long his breath grew measured. Tirinion smiled as he realized that his Captain had finally fallen asleep, and he stoked the fire back to life so he would not be cold. But fate was not kind to Faramir that day, and before ten minutes were up there were heard loud voices at the end of the hall and hurrying feet. "The Lord Faramir...where is the Captain?" echoed through the room, and Faramir's head snapped up. Fingers pointed toward him, and he drew himself up to his full height as a breathless man ran toward him and dropped onto one knee at his feet. "Rise," Faramir said, helping the man, who looked as if he was about to collapse, up to a standing position. "Sit, here, and tell me your news." The man nodded gratefully and took a minute to catch his breath before beginning to speak. In his hands he clutched a bundle of cloth which secreted something lumpy inside it. Faramir waited patiently, and every now and then his eye would catch on the bundle. Finally, the man spoke. "Sir," he began, "I was on watch not an hour ago when I saw something at the edge of the water. It looked as if it was shimmering in the dying light, and I stealthily made my way toward it. When I got closer, I saw what it was, and my heart seemed to be torn within me. And not ten minutes after I fished it out, a soldier rode up to me and handed me its counterpart, for he too had found it in the river. It's...it's this, sir," he finished, handing Faramir the bundle and turning away. With trembling hands, Faramir began unwrapping the bundle. Before he had reached the middle, his face turned ashen, and he said in a strangled tone, "Oh Eru!" The men around him looked at each other and murmured, trying to see what it was. Before he could stop it, the object slipped from Faramir's once again lifeless fingers and clattered to the floor. It was Boromir's horn, cloven in two. A great gasp went up from the assembly, and Faramir stooped to pick it up. With shaking hands, he wrapped it up again and set it on a stool reverently, then turned to pick up his cloak. "I must leave at once," he muttered, clasping it around himself. Turning to Hálas, he said, "Prepare my horse immediately, and pack me water and bread. I must go to the Steward. Now." The men began to disperse again, and nobody saw Tirinion making his silent way down to the stables to saddle his horse. His Captain was going on a journey, and he would see to it that he was protected. Faramir could not face this shadow alone. It's difficult for Faramir's men to understand both the Steward's loathing of Faramir, and Faramir's loving of the Steward. This chapter is made to bring out their confusion, and also Faramir's acceptance that they cannot understand. His emotions run so deep and are intertwined with his instincts so acutely that they have no way of knowing how it is possible for him to love the man who hates him. "Thee" and "Thou" are difficult to work with, but they do give Tirinion and Rochion an essential part of their characters. It is imperative they have something distinguishing about them---to symbolize, if nothing else, that they are not from around Minis Tirith, and so do not quite understand all its complexities. In a sense they are simpler and truer, and they do not need flowery explanations to understand something. This makes Tirinion a perfect friend for Faramir, who also sees clearly. Tirinion's sense of companionship and almost leech-like friendship—no matter what Faramir does he won't let go—are important for all the trials Faramir must endure. I'm terribly sorry if I slaughtered the 'thees' and 'thous'—forgive me?