turned her head to the side, away from him, her eyes tearing up as she bit her lip, she should be happy, he'd given her another chance, she'd been bad. But God, why did her chest feel so tight, why couldn't it just all go away? He slowly lifted himself up so that his hand had free range, she almost lifted an eyebrow in irony, he'd hadn't even considered forgiving her, he'd undone her zip while he'd been lying above her. A single tear rolled down her still red cheek as she felt his fingers on the straps of her vest top, why couldn't she have been born a good girl? "Now I'm going to make sure you never even think such bad things again, you'll learn soon enough, I'll make sure of it" With those last words he yanked down the straps, she hunched inwards, trying to make it impossible for the straps to go any lower down, it didn't help. His fingers dug hard into her skin as he yanked again at the straps until the front of her top was also pulled down, revealing her white, simple lace bra to his eyes. He almost smiled "Well, at least it's still white" There was almost a tinge of relief in his voice, a slight softening to him存he took the chance. Bucking up she tilted side ways, slamming her hip bone into him, he gave a small yell before he lifted himself on hands and knees. Her eyes lit up, he'd let go of her hands! Already asking for forgiveness in her mind she slammed her hands up, flat against his face, pushing him back with all the force of her small frame, she couldn't let him do this, it was wrong, there had to be other ways. She never saw the chair, she'd forgotten it in all the chaos, but the sharp reminder slammed into her as she saw his eyes widen as the back of his head slammed against the wooden seat edge, a loud crack almost thundering through her ears. He flopped down almost instantly, the force of the collision giving his eyes a blank look, even as his breathing turned to a ragged pant. "D-Daddy?" She slammed her hand against her mouth, n-no. "D-Daddy, oh please, I'm so sorry, I d-didn't mean it!" A low keening sound tore from her throat, oh he was going to be so mad at her, he'd kill her! He would! He'd lock her in her room for a week without food, he'd done it before! She looked around frantically, everyone would know! They'd know she'd hurt her Dad, they'd know she'd been a bad girl, oh he would be so ashamed, so angry at her. She felt her breathing hitch again, tears blinding her sight just as she locked on her one freedom. The back door. S-she'd call an ambulance, yes, she'd tell them there'd been an accident, he-he'd slipped on something. Then she'd leave, yes yes, it could work, he'd no longer have her around a-and she wouldn't have to face them, the glaring eyes, the accusing looks. She nodded, running to the phone in the living room, she had to do this while he was out, maybe he'd believe the story she told the hospital, h-he looked like he had a concussion anyway! She listened to the ring tone, twisting the cord around her finger. "Good evening, which would you like to be forwarded to, the police station, the fire service or the ambulance service?" The voice, airy and light set her on edge instantly. "A-ambulance service please" "Right away miss" The voice never changed, it stayed the same, like a robot even as she fidgeted from one foot to the other, throwing glances back into the kitchen as for an agonising minute she listened to the buzz on the other end of the phone as she was connected. "Hospital ambulance service" She could have sobbed in relief. "T-there's been an accident, m-my dad slipped, he hit his head and I think he's concussed o-or something, I-I-I heard a crack多e hit his head again-against the chair" "Alright honey, just take a deep breath, where are you calling from?" She recited her address easily "32 B-Baker's Way, by Cords Street" "Alright, we have an ambulance less then 2 minutes away, just stay-hello! Miss!..." She let the phone drop, 2 minutes! Oh God, they'd see her! In her frantic movements she brushed against the door and felt a belt loop catch the door handle and her trousers slipped down a few more inches, she felt her cheeks redden as she shakily did up her zip and button. What must she look like! Adjusting her vest top so that her bra was once more covered she ran again, through the kitchen, not caring about shoes as she passed her father, hearing him groan as he began to come to. But she didn't stop. She could never stop. She flung open the door in a flurry, not caring when she heard the corner of her ruined blouse rip as it caught on the half finished fencing around the pond as she ran down the garden, to the back gate which led to the forest. She could stay there for a while, then hitch a ride to another town地way from here. She had just opened the back gate when she heard the siren of the ambulance, no, no, no, no! Go away! You can't find me, you can't! She didn't bother shutting the gate, she just ran, never once looking forward, she was too scared, her gaze continuously going behind her, expecting someone from the ambulance to be right behind her, a look of accusation upon their face在ut she would never see them, she never even saw the dip, with the stone resting innocently in it. She never saw what tripped her, what sent her crashing down into the grass covered floor, never saw what happened after her head hit the ground.