claiming Faramir's mouth in another biting kiss. Faramir was already half-hard, his shaft hot and rising from its nest of cinnamon curls, and Éomer could easily see himself falling in love with the noises he could wring from the other man, choked moans and surprised gasps and breathless keens. He moved his hand carefully at first, in an easy up and down movement with a slight squeeze around the base, until there was enough precome to slick the way. Faramir was clutching to his shoulders, soft lashes fluttering against his cheeks whenever his unfocused eyes drifted shut, his mouth gaping open to draw in stuttered pants. Éomer hid his smirk against Faramir's neck, licking the salty clean skin and feeling the racing heartbeat under his lips. "Do not hold back on my account, sweet Faramir," he whispered in the other's man ear, worrying his earlobe between his teeth and pressing his own burgeoning erection against Faramir's hip. "This is just the opening act." As if Faramir had only waited for his cue, he screwed his eyes tightly shut, threw his head back and gushed out all over Éomer's hand and his own stomach. Éomer teased his fingers over Faramir's softening manhood, through the mess on his stomach and waited until the Gondorian had regained his breath and focused on him with a still slightly dazed gaze. "Do you want me to…?" Faramir asked with a fierce blush and a slight nod down at Éomer's by now almost painful erection. "I want you to undress," Éomer murmured in his ear before taking Faramir's mouth in another bruising kiss. "And wait right here." He drew back reluctantly, spending moments just taking the other man in - flushed cheeks and tussled hair, kiss-swollen lips and dazed eyes, shirt rucked and breeches undone, the perfect image of debauchery - and then hastened over to his bags. He riffled through his things and quickly found the saddle oil he had been looking for. When he turned around, Faramir had stepped out of his breeches, toed of his boots and was just plucking his shirt away from his come-smeared stomach. Éomer had to kiss him again. Faramir stumbled back in surprise before he managed to stabilize himself against the table, allowing Éomer to step between his legs and grind his erection against his naked thigh. "My lord, won't you get undressed as well?" Faramir asked, timidly caressing Éomer's chest through his shirt. Éomer smirked, quickly pulling his shirt over his head and unlacing his breeches, pushing them down his legs and finally freeing his aching erection. Faramir reached out to take his manhood in hand, a question and unexpected daring in his eyes, but Éomer evaded his grasp. "I want to be inside of you when I come," he said, taking Faramir by the hips and spinning him around. "Brace yourself against the table for me." He moaned softly when Faramir complied, presenting him with his enticing backside, all fair skin over tight muscles. He slid his hands over the thin material of Faramir's shirt, felt the hard planes of muscles underneath, kneaded the firm flesh of his ass and then placed a light bite on one of his cheeks. Faramir jerked in surprise and Éomer laughed softly, repeating the action on the other side before gently spreading the globes of his ass and blowing on his puckered entrance. A shiver raced down Faramir's back. Éomer loved his partners sensitive, responsive to his every touch, strong men that he could take apart with his lips and hands and cock, reduce to whimpers and keens, sighs and moans. Faramir proved to be exactly like that, bitten off moans answering every slow press of Éomer's fingers and a long wail the moment Éomer entered him for the first time in one smooth thrust until he was pressed flush against the other man. He kissed the nape of Faramir's neck to distract himself from the overwhelming need to come right then and there. After he had given Faramir time to adjust and himself time to regain at least some composure and he set an easy rhythm in and out of the other man's tight passage, running his fingers soothingly through damp brown curls when Faramir pushed back to meet his strokes and almost threw him off balance. "Easy there, my dear Faramir," he murmured, oblingingly speeding up his thrusts until he was pistoning hard into the other man, battering Faramir's prostate and racing inevitably towards his own orgasm. His vision went white for a timeless moment as he buried himself deep within Faramir's clinging heat and coated his insides with his essence, marked him as his own in the most primal way. When he was spent he pulled out and slumped into the chair to calm his breathing and gather enough energy to open his eyes. After a moment he heard the soft pad of naked feet and shortly after he felt a wet cloth against his stomach and manhood, gently cleaning him of the residues of their lovemaking. "You can tell Aragorn I accept his offer," Éomer said, blinking his eyes open to find Faramir kneeling between his legs, already dressed and moderately put together. "I certainly accept." He grinned, leaning down to press a kiss to Faramir's red lips. "Yes, my lord," Faramir murmured, almost hastily getting to his feet. "I will tell him right away." Éomer could only stare in surprise at the door as it swung shut behind Faramir, pondering whether he should be offended that Faramir was so eager for them to get married that he had forwent another round of pleasure. Probably not. He leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes with a satisfied smirk. It might in part be due to the amazing sex they had just shared, but he felt already half in love with Faramir and couldn't wait to fall all the way. Oh, lookie here, a big, empty input field. What could you possibly do with that?