getting in my face. I confess I came out in such a rush to see Gimli that I did not take the time to tie it back". Fingalas nodded, and went toward Legolas's bedroom. Gimli looked at Legolas and shook his head. "My friend, you worry me", he said. "You constantly complain to me that the women chase you, and yet you seem to do everything that you can to attract them". "I have no idea what you mean", replied Legolas, surprised. While many women among elves and humans both were attracted to him, Legolas had lived a long time and had been through many battles, and war had left him emotionally distant. He had withdrawn into a reflective, philosophic Elf whose mind was on other things than love and marriage. He desired neither, and in fact found himself involved in a new conflict; the constant struggle with his newly found sea-longing, an affliction that he fought on a daily basis. "No, I can see that you don't", said Gimli. "You are ever the elusive elf. It is no matter. I have come today at Aragorn's request, to invite you to Minas Tirith for a few days or so. He says he wants you to hear a new minstrel that is visiting them for a while. It seems that she is one of the wandering elves, and was discovered while traveling through Rohan. The Lady Eowyn speaks very highly of her singing talent. It is, apparently, very special, and Aragorn thought that you would like to hear her and meet her". "That sounds very interesting, but I cannot go just now, I am afraid", said Legolas. "There is much I must do here yet before I can go away again. Did you not wish to continue our travels in the fall, and go to visit Moria as we had planned?" Legolas and Gimli had planned for a long time to return to the Misty Mountains in order to explore Moria again. They were to visit each other's choice of places and had already traveled through Fangorn Forest, where Legolas had wished to visit, but they had not continued on through Moria. He had wanted to put off this trip until he was less busy with matters in his own new realm. Gimli wished to visit Moria before winter set in. He had been living in the Glittering Caves of Helm's Deep in Rohan, to be nearer to the friends he had made during the years of the Fellowship of the Ring, but now he desired to travel once more with his old friend the Elf. "Legolas, I have grown impatient with sitting still", said Gimli. "I would like to start our travels again now, and traveling would take you away from the women for a while". "There are women also in Minas Tirith, and everywhere", Legolas retorted. He had discovered that since the War had ended, many women seemed to be looking around them for eligible men to marry and start having families with. Many females, both human and elf would approach him constantly. Mothers would bring their daughters to be introduced to him. Handmaidens of Arwen's court would give her notes to pass on to him, knowing that he was a good friend of hers, and that she was always willing to do this favour for them. Secretly she enjoyed teasing her old friend and seeing his mild discomfort. He did not wish for that much attention at this time, because there were so many things that he wanted to accomplish, things that had not been possible for many years because of the Shadow of Sauron and the ensuing War. He wanted to finish building Ithilorien and establish a colony of elves there. He was also struggling with his innate desire to leave Middle-earth and sail over the sea to the Undying Lands, a desire that had been awakened in him since the end of the War. He struggled daily with this desire to leave, but also with his subconscious longing to stay in Middle-earth, until his human friend Aragorn, King Elessar of Gondor, passed away from old age. However, Legolas was an immortal elf, and since the elves had been in decline for a long time, most of them having departed Middle-earth, he lacked the desire for marriage and children that humans possessed. There were no more elf children being born. Elves could still fall in love and have normal loving relationships with each other, but they had forsaken their ability to be fruitful and bear children. Fingalas returned with a silver hairbrush in her hand. "My Lord, would you like to come to your room now, and I will do your hair?" she enquired. Legolas watched her approach, and turned to Gimli. "All right, Gimli, let us go to Minas Tirith, if you are able to stay here for a fortnight. I sent Arod back to Edoras a few days ago, and we must wait for him to return before we can leave on a long journey. I would not ride any other horse but him. Please have some breakfast and wait for me while I get dressed in appropriate clothes for the daytime!" He smiled broadly. "I shall not be long". LOTR (Alan Lee Illustrated Edition): P. 1066: "Elrond -- a silver harp was in his hand --". P. 1068: "-- there was a White Ship lying -- Then Frodo kissed Merry and Pippin, and last of all Sam, and went aboard --". Since JRRT described Legolas as being fair of face, it seemed likely that he would be attractive to women, especially after the War when people could return to normal lives. These are the first two stanzas of the song that Frodo heard Bilbo singing in Rivendell. From Page 250 of LOTR (Alan Lee Illustrated Edition), The Fellowship of the Ring , "Many Meetings". Borrowed from the Book of Lost Tales, Part Two, where it states that Legolas led the exiles from Gondolin. 13