reason that Sauron had not conquered her people in the first war. However, if the evil in Mordor was stirring, that protection may not last. Sauron had tried many ways to reach Lantia, but they all ended in failure. This time , she thought gravely, he will not give up so easily. Our people may have a fight on their hands if this evil is allowed to come to pass . The electric crackle of Energy was the only sound heard as the Queen thought of the sorrowful farewells she endured back in Lantia. Her people had flooded the streets to wish her a safe journey. The children had brought her flowers, the women had cried, and the men had given her grave parting words to remind her to keep herself safe. Even Market Day was forgotten as everyone had become caught up in the departure of the Guardian. Gallin had the toughest time of them all. Stifling his emotions, he humbly declared that he would wait until his Queen's return. Now, a school of Arochnids swam through the dark water past the observation window as the tiny vessel moved toward the surface. Light streamed in the overhead window as they neared their destination. Then, like the first light of dawn, the vessel crested the waves like a whale breaching out of the water. It then settled on the surface as it moved toward the dock along the shoreline. Analyus busied herself with making sure that the Queen's belongings were in order as the monks gave each other hesitant glances. When they reached the dock, the front window of the craft dissipated, allowing the Queen to disembark. Goosebumps crept across her arms as the crisp air of the early morning glided across her skin. The sun shone across the surface of the ocean turning the water a light pink color. And even in this early hour the forest was alive with activity. Yamara heard a near silent sob from behind and turned to face her lady-in-waiting. As a result of being immortal, Yamara had known all of her people since their birth, and Anaylus was no different. Her parents had been killed in a fishing accident and she had been brought to the tower to be raised. When she came of age to choose her path in life, she decided to serve the Queen. Because it was always a choice of her servants, Yamara greatly valued those who served her with all of her heart. From the moment that Analyus went into training till now, she had served Yamara with unwavering support, constantly looking out for her Queen's health when it was neglected. Now, silent tears streamed down her face at the thought of not being there for her on her journey. She handed her Queen her saddle bag, "J-just be careful, Your Majesty. I-if you get in trouble, I'll come after you!" She playfully warned. Smiling at Anaylus' attempt at humor, Yamara placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder, "I'm sure you will be the first one by my side." Analyus tried to smile as she closed the glass window of the Sherub. Giving them all one last good-bye, Yamara turned toward the shore and shrugged off a sense of despair at the thought of not seeing her people again. A pair of horses, one beige and the other chestnut, and a single rider were waiting for her on the beach. It was a soldier of Gondor sent to escort her to Minas Tirith by the Steward. How kind of him , she thought sarcastically. The Steward of Gondor didn't think very highly of the last Guardian despite what she had done to show him favor. She could already hear the carriage move back under the waves. She chose the beige horse because of a certain alertness and spirit she possessed. "And who are we?" She cheerfully addressed the silent steed and pulling a handful of oats she had packed for the mare. The soldier spoke up for the first time. "That horse's name is Starfire, ma'am." He crisply answered. His shoulders were erect and at attention. Giving the rider a gentle smile, she tied her bag onto the saddle and climbed astride as the soldier mounted his own. "Well, Son of Gondor, shall we? A new adventure begins." At her enthusiastic attitude, the tension seemed to lessen in his broad shoulders. No doubt there are traces of Númenórean blood in him , she mused silently. He seemed to shift in his saddle. "Ready when you are, milady." He smiled, and he led his horse toward the road that would take them to The White City. oOo Yamara and Kalden, the soldier in question, had been riding for two days. From where they were now, they weren't far from the capital city of Gondor. Now they rode in amicable silence when Yamara sensed a change in her surroundings. Her beige companion snorted in the crisp morning air, a cloud of her breath evaporating out of sight. Feeling a little agitated, Starfire tried to warn her rider of the approaching danger. "Yes, I know girl." They were in a slight hurry this morning to get to Minas Tirith, but that didn't mean she was willing to run into danger heedlessly and place her companion in danger. "What is it, milady?" The soldier asked urgently, suddenly very alert. He scanned their surroundings for signs of danger. Brigands had a habit of running around in these parts, and they both hoped they wouldn't encounter any. To be continued . . . June 18, 2011 - 1:44am - Should I continue? Curious? I keep updating, but right now I have to go to bed. If you have read this story before, I made some massive revisions. Check it out. Reviews = more story. (Technically, since I am writing this for personal amusement and fulfillment, I will still post regardless of whether I get any reviews. But they are still welcome.) L8ters, Divatox240 (: