be killed situation, but that does not make it any easier for him. He is not a man born for war and if he had been given the chance he would never have been a soldier. He does it to please his father, but his father is blind to him. There is nothing that Faramir could do to please his father. Even if Faramir single handily killed Sauron himself, his father would still find a reason to belittle and humiliate him." Gandalf said sadly. "Where is Boromir in all of this? If they are so close why is he letting his father treat Faramir like this?" Aragorn said with a slight anger towards Denethor. "Boromir only knows what Faramir is willing to share. If Boromir knew everything that I knew or that Faramir would tell, then he would not follow his father. I do not know if either of them would be in Gondor if Boromir knew the whole truth. I believe that is why Faramir has always kept quiet. He does not want to cause pain to his brother. There is also fear there, of how Boromir would react to the information. Faramir is so used to being alone and handling everything on his own that the thought of even Boromir defending him against Denethor does not cross his mind. Faramir just wants his father's love, it is quite sad." "That is sad. A son should know what the love of his father feels like. Do you think Faramir would give a fight if I was to take the throne?" "Faramir is not like Denethor or Boromir. He does not care for glory or power. Faramir would make a fine Steward and leader. His men follow him without thought. The people of Gondor love him and trust him. Faramir is down to earth. He does not care for luxury or the finer things in life. He gives everything he can to the people on the lower levels of Minas Tirith. He will not get in the way of your return you need not worry about that. I will give a bit of council though if I may." "Of course" "If you are to assign a new Steward to take your place should something happen, I would choose Faramir over anyone else. He has a destiny about him. You are the king and Faramir is as close to a king as one can get. He was meant to be a leader and with him at your side the two of you will be able to restore all of Gondor to its glory. Leave Boromir to do what he does best and that is to fight. Faramir is intelligent, too intelligent to be left out in the field. He would be able to show you how to run a kingdom and with him by your side the people of Gondor will follow you." "You care about him. It is not often that you care for someone, he must be one hell of a man to gain your heart." "He is a very rare man with a kindred soul. You will see what I mean when you meet him. He could have very well been your son in another life. Have patience with him he will fear you at first, but he will learn to warm up to you and trust you. He will just need time." "I am in no hurry. I am now more curious to meet him." "He is a very good man who has been through a lot in his short life. He will need time to move passed everything that has happened. I do fear that he will not be able to overcome this war. Faramir is not a man for war." "He has survived this long. With the help of his brother, I am certain he will pull through." "I hope so. It would pain me to lose him." "All wounds heal with time. With his brother there with him I am sure Faramir will be able to start to heal from this. Boromir seems excited to be going back to Gondor and back to Faramir." "Boromir loves Faramir and he worries about him when he is away. Boromir has always loved Faramir more than anyone else in this world. It would not end well if Boromir found out everything that Faramir has been hiding. It is not just your return that could cause a civil war in Gondor." "You fear what state Faramir will be in for it could cause a rift between Boromir and his father." "I do fear that. There are things that I do not even know that has happened between Faramir and Denethor. There is even more things that Boromir does not know. Faramir is surrounded by walls that he has built in order to continue on each day. I fear that with Boromir not being there this past year Denethor has not held back. All it will take is one crack in Faramir's walls and all of the truth will come out. If there is a crack just seeing Boromir might be enough to open the floods. Gondor will not be strong enough to handle a civil war especially at this time. We need to get to Gondor as soon as we can. I fear Faramir needs help on more than one level." "Let us ride then. It is a three day journey to Minas Tirith and we will not get there any faster sitting around here. There will be a time to wonder and plan for a return to the throne. For now we must focus on the survival of Gondor and Middle Earth." Aragorn said as he stood up. Gandalf stood up as well and together they made their way back to the stables to head out for Gondor. None of them even knew what state Gondor would be in and Boromir was anxious to get home to see his brother for the first time in a year.