that pretty head of yours?". "I…" Legolas trailed off, looking over the river, sighing. Elrohir drew Legolas into a brotherly hug, holding him tight. "I'm fine" Legolas said muffled against Elrohir's shoulder. "No you're not" Elrohir stated. "I…". "Just get it out, Legolas". "It's just so hard" Legolas said a bit choked after a long pause. "I know" Elrohir soothed, "or, actually, I don't" he added after a short while. "The pressure" Legolas whispered choked, "I'm just so tired all the time". Elladan and Elrohir started to understand. Legolas' responsibilities as crownprince and captain was growing from every day, the pressure on the young prince ever growing. Legolas was starting to fell overburdened. "Oh Legolas" they both exclaimed and hugged Legolas brotherly, holding him tight. "Thank you" Legolas said, smiling against Elrohir's shoulder. They kept on hugging him. "You can let go now" Legolas said, chuckling. "Are you thinking the same as I do?" Elladan grinned mischievously. "I think that I do" Elrohir grinned. Before Legolas could react, they both pushed him of the rock, and jumped into the river with him. Legolas yelped in surprise, the twin just laughed hole heartedly. When Legolas resurfaced, he could not help the laugh that escaped him. They were all soaked when they finally emerged from the river and walked back to the main house of the valley. "Legolas!" came the slight agitated voice of his mother, Legolas flinched and turned to look at her. His mother looked absolutely shocked to see him and the twins soaking wet, next to her Celebrían was having difficulties surprising her laughter. "Easy now, Anariel" Celebrían chuckled, "they had just been bathing, we should actually be thrilled". "Did you paint Glorfindel yellow?" Anariel asked, placing her hands on her hips. "No" Legolas stated, holding her gaze. "But he saw you holding the brushes" she said. "Legolas had nothing to do with it, my queen" Elladan said, bowing his head in respect, "we threw the brushed to him when we ran past him". "And why are you all wet?" she asked. The three young elves looked at each other, the twins urged Legolas to answer. "Sure you want to know the answer?" Legolas said with a wry smile. "I asked, didn't I?" his mother said, getting frustrated. "We jumped into the river" Legolas said calmly, as it was the most normal thing to do. "Why did you jump into the river?" his mother breathed resignedly. "The water looked so nice" he grinned. "You're impossible" she gave up, throwing her arms in the air. "Ada would properly agree with you". "Just make sure to be ready for dinner soon". A couple of weeks later, the elves of Greenwood returned home. It was a beautiful morning, the mist was laying heavily over the valley and surrounding forests. Legolas rode his pure white stallion next to his mother's white mare, and surrounded by the elite team. Legolas left Imladris in a better mood than he arrived, the valley and his friends having lifted his spirit, and he felt more ready to return home and face the duties and responsibilities of his position as crown prince. And he looked forward to see his two younger brothers again, he had been away for almost three months now. They neared the Misty Mountains, and thereby the hidden path through them. The path was made by the elves of Imladris and Greenwood the Great, to make a safe and easier way to travel between the two realms. They were on the way down from the mountains an early morning, they had just rounded a corner of the path when Legolas, who was up front, stopped and signaled to keep their guards up. The queen was immediately surrounded by the warriors. Legolas looked up at the mountainside, having a feeling something was nearing. "Orcs!" he yelled when the first arrow flew right past his head. He took his bow and let an arrow flew faster than the orc could register, and hit the mark. The orc stumbled down the mountainside and landed next to Legolas' horse. The other warriors also fired arrows towards the enemy now. Rozarko rode up next to Legolas, getting a full view of the enemy. "They are too many" Legolas stated, then turning to the others, "keep the queen safe and flanked, we are retreading". They pushed their horses forth, keeping the queen flanked. They galloped along the narrow path, to their right the mountainside rode, to their left the terrain fell steeply towards a river deep below them. The orcs came running down the mountainside, jumping onto the fleeing elves, knocking them to the ground. An orc knocked Rozarko to the ground, he stumbled down the side towards the river below. Legolas looked behind and saw more of his team being knocked of their horses. He turned his horse around when he saw an orc jumping towards his mother. He fired an arrow and the orc never hit her. Girion, Tristan, Anglond, Falael and Logon were still on their horses, the others were nowhere to be seen at the moment. Tristan killed an orc who jumped for the queen, just to be felled by another and knocked to the ground. He did not fell down the side, and manage to stand his ground for a short moment, before he was felled with an arrow to the shoulder. Legolas pushed his horse forth. Girion and Anglond was knocked down towards the river, Anglond's back hitting a tree hard on the way. Orcs ran from both sides of the path now, almost surrounding the remaining elves. Four orcs grabbed Falael's golden horse and pulled it down the mountainside, with Falael. The same was done to Logon. Legolas drew his twin knifes and fiercely protected his mother. The orcs grabbed his horse's harness and yanked it to the ground, the orcs were soon all over Legolas, throwing him down the mountainside. His head hit a tree hard on the way down, knocking him unconscious.