in better shape". Belenor chuckled, "always setting high standards for yourself, young prince" he smiled. Belenor placed his hands on Legolas' shoulders. "I have talked to Rozarko and Girion" he said. "Of course, you have" Legolas said obvious. "I am clearing you for active duty" Belenor smiled, looking straight into his eyes. Legolas' eyes shone with relief and gratitude, as he bowed his head and thanked Belenor, who smiled gently, and guided Legolas out of the bathroom again. Once back in the office, both Thranduil and Rozarko looked to them with anticipation, and the smile on Legolas' lips told them all they needed to hear. But nevertheless, did Belenor speak up. "I am clearing prince Legolas for active duty from this day on" Belenor stated happily, then he turned to Legolas, "just continue with my prescription" he told him serious, holding his gaze until Legolas nodded. o0o The team was gathered at the headquarters, they all sat around the oval table in the meeting room, waiting for Legolas to arrive. And when he arrived, they all looked to him, Rozarko was close behind as always. "I'm cleared to active duty" Legolas declared with a smile. "Finally," they all exclaimed and rose to their feet, walking over to claps Legolas' arm or shoulder. "So, no more exercises?" Tristan asked hopefully, sending the best pleading eyes he could, making Legolas chuckle. "When have I ever gone dawn on exercises?" Legolas asked with a smile, chuckling as Tristan slumped and muttered something under his breath. "As for I" Anglond said with a gentle smile, bowing his head to Legolas, "I am more than happy to leave you the command of these wrecked, impossible, do-not-listen-to-anything-you-tell-them…" Legolas arched an eyebrow at Anglond, crossing his arms, making the cinnamon brown-haired elf shut his mouth like he had said something very bad. The other laughed, clasping Anglond, who had acted as their captain while Legolas was off duty, on his back. Legolas could not help the smile that played on his lips. "I thought I told you to be nice to Anglond" Legolas scolded good naturally. "We were" Cyan promised with a huge grin. "We weren't that bad" Kaleth smiled, making the best innocent face that he could. "Why do I not quite believe you" Legolas shock his head in amusement. "Because we are not quite telling you the truth?" Mirthral grinned with a mischievous glint in his gray-blue eyes. "Of course, you are not" Legolas said while shaking his head, "you are unregenerate". "Then why do you always take us out on these horrible exercises all the time!" Tristan almost whined. "Excuse me" Legolas scolded with his arms crossed, "my exercises are excellent, not horrible". Anglond grunted, Girion and Rozarko coughed. "That is a terrible cough you two have" Legolas said good naturally, "maybe you should get a healer to look at it". "Well maybe you should get Belenor to check that memory of yours" Rozarko almost laughed. "There is nothing wrong with my memory!" Legolas almost sneered. "Yes, there is" Rozarko said forcefully. "What is wrong with Legolas' memory?" Falael asked confused. "Nothing" Legolas snapped. Rozarko shot Legolas a dirty look before turning to Falael. "He can't remember where he put the plan for the next exercise" Rozarko grinned. "Good" Tristan cheered happily. Legolas glared first hotly at Rozarko, then Tristan, who almost squirmed under the gaze from Legolas. "Don't frighten the elfling" Anglond laughed at the sight of Tristan almost trembling. Legolas breathed heavily, looking resignedly to the ceiling. "What am I to do with you all?" he breathed defeated. "You could punish us" Rogon grinned. "Bang our heads together" Logon teased. "Or make us run laps" Galdor piped in. "Or reword us" Tristan said with hope in his face, "for not giving Anglond gray hair". "Yes, that is an excellent idea!" Mirthral smiled, clapping his hands together. "Reward you with what?" Legolas asked a bit exasperated, but still not quite able to hide his amusement. "Not taking us on that god damn exercise you have planned" Tristan said hopefully. Legolas tilted his head a little, looking for a short moment at Tristan, who were beginning to hope that Legolas was considering what he had said. "How do you know that my exercise is god damned?" Legolas asked calmly. Tristan hope fell to the ground, and he slumped visibly in front of Legolas' piercing gaze. "I…" Tristan stammered, "I don't… I…". "I'm waiting" Legolas pressed. Tristan moved nervously in front of Legolas. "Well" Legolas said calmly. "We made have stolen your plan" Tristan said quietly, looking at the floor. "You what?!" Legolas exclaimed, he then took a moment to breathe and gather himself again, "how?" the almost growled. "We helped them" Girion said while waving at Rozarko. Legolas breathed even deeper to compose himself. "Off course you did" he said with closed eyes, but then they snapped open and he looked directly at Rozarko. "Ha" he exclaimed," then I did not forget where I put it". Rozarko just laughed while shaking his head. Legolas shot him a hot glare before straightening up. "And pray tell" Legolas said, getting back to business, "where did you hide it then?". "We are not telling you" Rozarko chuckled. Legolas glared intently at him, Rozarko did not look away, but stared back just as intently. Legolas patiently stood his ground, strong and stubborn, and held Rozarko's gaze. Rozarko seemed as first just as stubborn and strong-willed, but after some time, he started to move a bit nervously. Rozarko then turned his gaze away, and Legolas knew he had won. But then just smiled gently and sighing. "Very well then" he breathed with a small smile, "we will forget that exercise". "Thought you already did" Rozarko challenged, only receiving a smack at the back of his head from Legolas. "In a week" Legolas then said, looking to all of them now, "we ride out. I suggest you train and make yourself ready, we are to patrol the northern border again".