Rings!" Lottie cries, her fingers pulling my hair tighter than needed. "Lord of the Rings?" Penelope asks innocently, her face scrunched with confusion. I turn my head towards her, despite Lottie's annoyed sigh at it ruining my hair. I stare at Penelope with a 'are you serious' sort of facial expression. Penelope shrugs her shoulders and pulls into herself. She tries to make herself as small as possible. I'm properly not the only one looking at her like she's the mentally unstable. We're all avid fans of the books and movies. Lottie however has always been indifferent when it comes to the books. She's never read them but she adores the movies. Mainly because of how attractive the actors are. "You've never heard of the lord of the Rings?" I cry, loudly. "I'm not sure-"Lottie begins "-How we've stayed friends-"Says Regan "-All these years without you hearing about LOTR!" finishes Lottie. "I-I uhmm-"Penelope says stumbling to find words. Leah takes pity on her. She rubs her shoulder softly. "No need to worry," Leah says "We'll just watch the first one, okay?" she asks, directing the question more to the twins and I. "Of course we will!" I yell jumping up to find the disc. "Ow!" I cry. I had forgotten Lottie still had her finger entwined in my hair. Everyone laughs at my misfortune. But I grumbled in fake anger as I search for the Fellowship of the Ring. Ten minutes later, we're all snug and comfortable. Chocolate and bowls of popcorn sprawled across the bed with us. Lottie's redoing my hair and I'm sucking on a mouthful of chocolate. Throughout the movie we explain several things to Penelope. But she quickly gathers most of the information. As the fellowship breaks and Samwise falls into the water, Penelope sniffs sadly. "He's alright, right?" she asks "Of course he's fine." Regan tells her "see- watch." "Somebody has a favorite hobbit I see." Lottie says in a sing-song voice as the closing credits roll onto the screen. "Well-"Penelope says with a bright blush. Her dirty-blonde hair falls over her honey brown eyes. Her tanned skin contrasts with her fire-truck red flush. She looks rather cute with her heart-shaped face. She is both the youngest and shortest and most likely the plumpest. But she's properly the kindest. "Don't worry, Penny," Leah says "we all have favorites." "I'm officially in love with Merry!" cries Lottie loudly with a goofy smile painting her lips. "I recon Frodo's the best." I tell them. "I concur;" Begins Regan "Pippin is my favorite hobbit." Leah shakes her head in disagreement "Well I believe Legolas is better than them all." I smile ruefully and share a small look with the twins. Before she can prepare herself she's under attack. We all throw our pillows towards her. Some knock into Penelope as well and she shrinks away. After loosening several hundred-billion feathers into the air, we calmed down. I sat with Lottie on one bed, while Leah, Regan and Penelope occupied the other. "Imagine living in Middle-Earth"says Regan dreamily "I'd want to live in the Shire," Penelope says "it seems much nicer than the rest of Middle-Earth." Leah shakes her head in disagreement "That's because of the war. Wait until the fourth age, that's when the real beauty is shown." "No," I retort "I agree with Penny. I'd love to live in the Shire but I wouldn't mind going on a few adventures too." Suddenly Regan calls for our attention by flailing her arms in the air. Her facial expression is rather serious. "Would you do it?" A chorus of 'what's and 'uh's echo and Regan reforms her question. "If you were thrown into Lord of the Rings would you join the Fellowship?" I laugh the idea off but answer vigorously. Not realizing what power my words hold. Each and every one of us answers. Our answers come in various different ways. Mine coming last and ending in a surprisingly solemn voice. "Of course I would," I laugh "but I would save every life I could." I finish strongly. "Oh come off it," Leah says "what happens if you change something and your decision changes the course of LOTR history? You save Boromir and he steals the ring? Or you kill off Frodo, or worse Legolas!" she cries but I know she is not being serious. "Don't worry, my dear friend for I am far too skilled to do anything like that. Besides just because a small plot-line is changed doesn't mean the whole story is ruined. Well maybe if Bilbo didn't get the ring then, yes there wouldn't be a Lord of the Rings. But seriously," I say "if I were to wake up in Middle-Earth I would do everything in my power to save the lives that I can." "Whatever." Leah brushes it off and our conversation moves on. As the clock ticks ever closer to morning than evening, we finally retire to our own beds. All of our minds filled with fresh gossip and amusement. But I'm weighed with deeper thoughts. My thoughts continue to return to our previous conversation. Would I really change the course of the books? I think I would. If it meant I could save lives and Frodo's broken future. I would do anything to stop that. With that final thought, I promptly fall asleep. A/N- How was that? Five new OC's known as Aderyn, Leah, Lottie, Regan and Penelope. Penelope is shy, complacent and kindhearted. Leah has a bunch of morals, she's a dancer, hard working and friendly. Regan and Lottie are a lot alike and quite a bit like Merry and Pippin although there wasn't much on them in this chapter. They are both jokers, out-going and mischievous. Aderyn the main character throughout this series is brave, bold, proud, headstrong but also kind. For the next chapter, I will tell you know that everyone is being sent to different times throughout Middle-Earth and not everyone will appear where they should be.