she turned to Túrulas her eyes were derteminated, and she bode him stop in a voice so autoritary and angered that the princeling was suddenly amazed, and yet proud of her courage. And then Túrulas lowed his blade and with his voice was calm when he said "Shh, hush, little one, I´ll do nothing with him" but while he said it, his eyes ran through the terrified figure of the princeling, and seemed to savour his youth. "Nothing at all" he said, but his voice, raised, and then he buried his dagger into the princeling´s torso, and the little Greenleaf shouted in anguish, for he had never felt such pain before in his short life, and when Turulas released him as if he has disgust for the elfling, he fell to his knees, and his vision darkened. That was the final blow, for Ancalime jumped on Túrulas, her knives raised, and Túrulas fought back, but he was already injured, and tired of battle, and Ancalime, in great hate had her skill in battle doubled, and soon she buried her blades in Túrulas chest, and he was dead within seconds. After the small battle, Ancalime rushed to the side of the tiny greenleaf, that was lying face to the floor, his long golden locks spreaded everywhere, and he was pale and cold to the touch. But when Ancalime turned his body so it would face her, his eyes sparkled, and she realized that he breathed still, but it was laboured and he seemed to chock in his own blood. And then his eyes turned to her, and gripping her wrist, the princeling said: "Enourmous... gratitude... I owe you, daughter of... the light..." and thus the princeling died, and Ancalime screamed his name in anguish, and she buried her face in his chest, and cried loud and endless tears of grief. Her sobs could be heard from very long distances, but they were muffled by the battle that happened still on the fields before the great palace. And suddenly, Ancalime felt something else that gripped her beloved brother, and she was startled to discorver numerous vines involving his body. "Daro! Leave him be!" she shouted, and her hands pulled the plants forcifully away from his torso. "Don't refuse the help that is needed, my child" A voice reached her ears, gentle and soft it was, and Ancalime looked to the direction of which it came, and was surprised for she saw a beautiful maiden. Green were her raiments, and her hair was a waving fire that falled on the height of her waist, and in her brow she used a circlet of silver that shone in the very moonlight. And Ancalime suddenly felt hope wash out her grief, and she couldn't torn her gaze away from hers, and her eyes seemed to penetrate her very soul. "Hold, dear, fear not, for I am Yavanna, the one who created all the is green. You were right, dear one, for you called your brother Legolas, the green leaf, and that name suits him well. For your brother, my child, was born gifted. How many years have he heard the whispers of trees and used them as confort, but though he knew not, he drew not only warmth for his heart, but also for his body. For he was born fragile, and would have died soon, but you showed him the trees, and they loved him greatly, and they gave him strenght, and have always standed there if he needed. Thus is his gift, my dear. To hear the trees, and to love them, nd to be loved back for it is rare, and it blossoms in such way that his wounds can be healed, and his blood will be stanched." And Ancalime had her eyes lit, for she expected more of Yavanna's words than she should. And seeing this, Yavanna's eyes sparkled with sorrow, and she said: "Do not lie to yourself, dear one, for I cannot reverse death in any way, even if I desire it from the bottom of my heart. My trees can cure his wounds, and I will help them to restore his health, and to light the burden of many deaths he carries. But in order to his heart to beat again, a sacrifice shall be made." And Ancalime was scared, for she understood her words, and her mind debated within itself for a decision to be made. But even as she cut her gaze with Yavanna and looked at her beloved greenleaf, sorrow tugged on her inner soul, for in death he looked beautiful and yet he was too young for such beauty, and it seemed unnatural upon him. And when she turned her gaze back at the maiden, her eyes were determined, and she raised her voice. "If a sacrifice must be made, oh Yavanna, merciful of all Valar you shall be, for it will be done. Take my heart and the life that runs through my veins, and revive him, if you can. No other argument or prize shall convince me otherwise, for if I lived, I would perish in grief at his passing, for my soul is not as young as his, and no tree would conceive me happiness again." And so she stood near Yavanna, and the Valar placed her hands on her forehead. She felt many things at one, but regret did not marred her thoughts, and Yavanna, that could read them, even without her knowledge, weeped, for the child was brave and her soul was pure, and as her merciful tears fell in Ancalime´s face, her head became lighted, and her shine faded, and spots danced on her vision, until she saw nothing more. And when the elfling awoke from his deathly sleep, he found himself alone. I know it's not very long but I hope you all enjoy it :) If you read it and like it, please leave a comment telling about it :) I would apreciate it very much