into an empty horse stall and checked out the clothes that Merth had given me—a voluminous one-size-fits-all shift made of homespun wool and a mud-colored felt jumper cinched with leather ties. But they were clean, so I put them on. I was belting the jumper around the billowing shift when Wulfhelm and Faegan led up a gigantic slate-grey gelding tacked with the saddle that Wulfhelm had found for me. It was no fancy caballero's saddle encrusted with fancy leatherwork and silver conchos—it was basically a plain couch-on-a-horse. The warhorse was giving me a walleyed sneer, but otherwise he seemed to be a professional. "Garulf's horse is probably your best bet," Wulfhelm said. "Three different men have ridden Hasufel in the past two months and he's caused none of them trouble." "He's had three riders in two months?" I asked skeptically. "Two of them were slain by orcs. It was not the horse's fault," Wulfhelm answered shortly. "Get her a box, Faegan. Barbarella will never be able to mount up otherwise." Faegan dragged over a crate for me to stand on and the two of them shoved me into the big saddle on top of Hasufel—or 'Monstruo', as I nicknamed him in my thoughts. That beast was an absolute whale! Once I was mounted it took longer than you might imagine to get ready to roll. First, Wulfhelm had to take Hasufel by the bridle and walk us back and forth through the stable so the horse could get used to me. I really didn't get used to Hasufel but eventually I learned to fake it. While all this was happening Faegan and Caedmund ran and got me a waterskin, a pouch of bread, and a rind of cheese. This was invaluable later on, because when I finally checked the saddlebag I discovered that the supplies were all for Monstruo, er…Hasufel. By the time that Wulfhelm led me out to the Great Gates, it was completely dark. Seated on their great Mearas stallions, King Théoden and Gandalf were conversing quietly. Éomer and half a dozen of his men were right behind them—armed, armored, and ready to ride with their King. Finally, just past the statue of Helm Hammerhand, I spotted Princess Éowyn on Windfola next to Lord Aragorn and his friends. Aragorn was still riding Prince Théodred's warhorse Brego and Legolas and Gimli were still sharing a mount. For a moment I was scared that everyone had been waiting for me, especially when Éowyn called out, "So there you are, Barbarella! I was wondering where you were!" Gimli saw my embarrassment and interjected gruffly, "That's a pretty big warhorse, lass. Do you really think you can ride a horse that size?" "If a Dwarf can do it, it can't be that hard,'' I said with a smile. I wasn't being disrespectful—he likes people to talk to him like that. Just as the Great Gates were being opened for us, one of Haldir's Elves rode up on a pale grey horse. I couldn't make out the Elf's face in the moonlight, but his mail glittered from the tip of his pointy helmet to the toes of his shiny boots. He announced to Gandalf, "I shall represent Lothlórien in this venture to Isengard." Gandalf stared at the newcomer Elf for a moment and then said slowly, "I have no need of a bodyguard, Serindë." "Even so." The Elf's voice was cold, precise—and implacable. Gandalf shrugged and let the matter drop. Here was somebody who wasn't going to let Gandalf tell him what to do. Unlike me. What was I doing on this 'venture'? I considered asking Gandalf why he'd wanted me along, but dropped the idea when I realized how useless it would be. Gandalf is like Dumbledore—there's no way he would tell me anything until he was good and ready. We rode down the Causeway toward the Deeping Coomb, with Gandalf in the lead and Théoden King right behind him. The torchlight from the fortress only extended about fify feet from the Gates—after that I had to let my horse follow the herd. I pointed Hasufel in Windfola's general direction and wound up alongside Princess Éowyn. It felt much safer to ride next to Éowyn. Once my eyes adjusted to the dark I could see a little better, but even by moonlight the Deeping Coomb was really gloomy. Dark, dark, darksome. Creepy, too. There were shadows looming at us from all over the Coomb. And rustling. "Trees!" Éowyn gasped incredulously. "This cannot be—I see trees on the Deeping Coomb!" I peered into the shadows and saw that she was right. Sometime after the Battle of Helm's Deep, a forest had walked out onto the empty floodplain of the Deeping Stream. Birnam Wood had come to Dunsinane. A forest…walking. Now what did that remind me of? "Ents," I said thoughtfully. "It looks like we've got Ents." Éowyn wheeled to stare at me, fascinated and frightened at once. "What are Ents? Are they creatures that you have read about in your studies?" Wracking my brain, I finally came up with, "Ummm. Ents are supposed to be sentient trees. Spirits of the wood, capable of both fighting and speaking." And she passed the word all down the line! I was so embarrassed! But as it turned out, I was right. Since the only Lord of the Rings movie I'd ever seen was Fellowship , you may be wondering—where had I gotten this information? Let me say three things: High school. Boy friend. Dungeons & Dragons. It's nice to have the reputation of a scholar. It's even nicer when you're able to live up to it. I hadn't read Tolkien's books and I'm not a fan like my Mom, but I'd watched my share of sci-fi movies and I'd read my share of popular novels—even fantasy novels. The Lord of the Rings is the taproot for most of the 20th century's fantasy and half of its SF. Like it or not, I'd been soaking in it.