on Pippin, and soon had the whole story out of them. "…so you see, Merry, it was Lotho we meant to get, and we didn't mean to be spying at all! And I don't think I ever want to see anything as horrid as a naked Lobelia again in my life! I wish I could remove my eyeballs!" Rusty nodded an emphatic agreement. Merry glanced over at her with a new respect, and not a little apprehension. She was very nearly as bad as a Took for getting into trouble, apparently. He dreaded to think what it would be like if she and Pippin spent too much time together. But what a lot of pluck she had for a lass! Just then, they heard a loud bellow: " TOOK! " They turned to see a red-faced Lotho Sackville-Baggins striding angrily across the lawn towards Paladin. " What are you planning to do to the person who attacked my mother?" he shouted, not even waiting until he was close enough for civil speech. Paladin turned on him frostily. "Attacked, Mr. Sackville-Baggins?" "I don't know what else you'd call it, gluing her hands together, throwing coalscuttles at her, spying on her!" By now he had come up to the group who had been talking, and was angrily yelling into Paladin's face. "I demand that you punish the person responsible!" "If I am able to determine who is responsible then most certainly I will see to it that they are suitably punished." Paladin's tone was cold and hard. "I think it's obvious who's responsible-" He looked over and glared in Merry's and Pippin's direction "-that Brandybuck brat and your son were the culprits, and you -" he turned in Frodo's direction "-are probably the one who put them up to it!" Pippin blanched, and clutched at Merry's arm. "Merry!" he hissed, "I can't let them blame you and Frodo!" Merry shook his head. "Calm down, Pip. You can't get Rusty in trouble either-which you will if you confess. And Frodo and I will not be in disgrace." Rusty was badly frightened. She very much wanted to say "never mind about me" but the words would not come. She licked her dry lips. The three of them listened again to the adults' conversation, for no effort was being made to keep voices down. "Don't be absurd, Cousin Lotho," Frodo snapped. "Merry and Pippin have been here in the south garden, as any number of witnesses are willing to attest. And I most certainly would not encourage either of them to such behavior. It is hardly worth it." Merry turned to Pippin, with one eyebrow raised. "You see, Pip? No one would ever think that you would have any other partner in crime besides myself. And because I've been here the whole time, they assume you have as well." He glanced at Rusty. "You are very lucky, Rusty, that most people think Pippin won't get into trouble without me around." Lotho was red in the face and his eyes were bulging out. "My mother and I will not stay around to be insulted! As soon as that healer says she is up to it, we shall be leaving. We will not be staying around for any party after treatment like this!" He turned on his heel and stomped off. Merry grinned at the two younger hobbits as they had watched from a safe distance. "Well, it looks as though you accomplished something good, at least! We shall say no more on it. Come on, I said we were going to introduce Rusty to Fatty." Merry kept the two of them under his eye until it was time to go in to tea. Tea was served in the Thain's apartment, in the private sitting room, and there were only a few people besides Pippin's parents and sisters there: Frodo, of course; Merry and his parents; the Aunties Primrose and Peridot; the healer, Mistress Poppy and her apprentice, Miss Larkspur Mugwort. Mistress Poppy informed Paladin that Lobelia was feeling much better, though still vengefully angry, and that she and Lotho had vowed they would be leaving first thing in the morning. No one seemed terribly upset at the news. Pippin and Rusty were rather quiet. Pippin could feel Merry's constant regard-every time he looked in Merry's direction, their gazes met, and his older cousin flashed a warning in his grey eyes. Pippin and his guest sat in a corner, sipping their tea, and nibbling on biscuits and cucumber sandwiches. They were not inclined to laugh or giggle over their prank. It had been a near thing, and both of them were a bit frightened still over how it might have turned out. Pippin sighed. "Every time I close my eyes, I see.. .her ." "I know," muttered Rusty. "I think I might have nightmares. I may never play another prank again." Pippin looked over at her. "Really?" She stopped short of saying yes, and as she looked at him, a smile started. "No, not really-but maybe for a long time," and then she giggled. Pippin grinned at her. "Yes, maybe a long time-but not 'never'." After tea, Paladin offered Frodo the use of one of the pony-traps to take Rusty back into town, and Eglantine invited her and her family to return the next day for the Thain's party. Overwhelmed, Rusty stammered her thanks, imagining her mother's reaction to the invitation. She said good-bye when Frodo, Merry and Pippin dropped her off at her cousin's shop, congratulating herself on a day well-spent. And was delighted to discover that her mother and Cousin BriarRose had decided that perhaps the brown and green material would do for her dress, after all. But neither she nor Pippin slept well that night. xxxxxxx * "Pippin the Protector" ** "Milk glue" is what is called "casein glue". It is a milk product, and is one of the most ancient forms of glues in existence. It is as strong as modern PVA glues.