very thin. He was already on the path that would lead him out of Arda, but he was young and alone and confused. Gandalf had not the power to call him back, but he did have the power to lend him comfort and his presence so far as the Gates. He could not read the little one's thoughts, but he could feel his fëa , as it turned from confusion to joy, and there was a brief instant of gratitude sent his way before it flared and went beyond his ken. And Gandalf sent forth his own prayer of gratitude. And then wondered what he would tell the youth's remaining companions when they woke to find their kinsman gone from them. Morning came, bright and blue. The fire was down to mere coals, but the snow had stopped and the wind no longer howled. The cold felt less brittle. But Rumble and Bard could take no joy in it, for they had wakened to the news that Hammie had died in the night. He and Bard clung to one another, weeping silently for a while. Bard had done much of his grieving the day before when they realized this outcome was all too likely, but Rumble had held on to some hope once their mysterious new friend had arrived. Still, he did not blame Gandalf—it was unlikely he could have saved poor young Hammie. And at least the lad had been warm and comfortable in his last few hours. But now what were they to do? They still had no pony, and very little food was left, even with Gandalf's contributions—only a tiny bit of the journeybread. And—he hated to think it—but what about Hammie? Were they going to have to leave him here, in this forsaken place? Gandalf had laid Hammie's body out very gently and with dignity. Rumble thought that in death, his young cousin actually looked less blue than he had the day before. At least he no longer felt the cold. He was startled when Gandalf spoke. "I know that it might be somewhat awkward, but I think it might be possible for Borin to pull your sleigh. I know the shafts will be short, but I think we can make the adjustments necessary…" Given a practical problem to think about, both Rumble and Bard were able to put their grief aside for the moment. The three of them went over to the cart, and Gandalf used his long arms to sweep much of the snow off of it. He banged his staff on the sides, and soon it was cleared off. It was indeed a makeshift and awkward arrangement in the end, and Borin did not look very happy. But he was a placid-natured horse, and accepted his new role with only a little snorting. Hammie's body was laid in the back, and Rumble and Bard sat in the seat. Gandalf was going to walk and lead the horse, for there was no way that the hobbits could handle driving such a large beast, nor any way Gandalf could fit upon the seat of the sleigh. "The only question now," said Gandalf, "is where are we going?" "If there's no more snow," replied Rumble, "we could make it to the Bridge Inn in half a day." "Very well," replied the old Man. He urged the horse forward, and they began their journey in silence. The Sun continued to be bright, and lend her warmth to the three weary travellers. Perhaps, thought Gandalf, Spring was on the way at last. He noted the melting snow dripping from branches and heard the occasional "crack" of breaking icicles. He looked at his small companions, who grieved as they were over the loss of the younger one, still looked about them. Ferumbras spoke. "Perhaps Spring's come at last!" There was a note of hopefulness in his voice in spite of all that had happened. "If only we could have found more food in Bree," said Flambard. "I do not know what we will tell Aunt Miradonna; it seems as if poor Hammie died without purpose." Ferumbras shook his head. "Hammie would insist on going, you know—he might even have followed us if we had not given our permission. And his heart was in the right place." "It was," Flambard agreed. "He was a brave lad, and he worried so over the others. I know it weighed on him, the hunger of the younger children." "It weighs on me as well," said Ferumbras, "the hunger of the children, and of the old folk, too. Not to mention everyone else. But winter can't last forever. Things will come 'round soon, you'll see." "I know. And we'll see to it that everyone honours Hammie for his courage and great heart." Flambard took a deep breath. "And we are not home yet; we may still find some provisions along the way to take back with what we've got. And though what we've got isn't much, it's better than nothing at all." "You're right, cousin," said Ferumbras. "And word was sent to Brandybucks in Buckland before we left, and to Bandy in the Northfarthing! Hobbits will help each other, you'll see!" Gandalf, walking alongside the horse, looked in amazement at his small companions. There was no sign of defeat about them, sorrowful though they were at the loss of their cousin. They clung to hope, and spoke lightly and without doubt. What amazing creatures these little people were—such great hearts as he had not encountered before, out of all proportion to their size, and filled with Pity and kindness. He was glad of this encounter, and he would accompany them home if they would allow it, and do what he could to succour them and their people. It felt right somehow, almost as though it was a memory of something that had happened already. He knew in his heart that he had found friends, and he could not think their meeting now was Chance.