return," added Isumbras, "perhaps all you young people would like to go for a ride?" There was a whoop of joy from all the teens and tweens, and grinning, Pearl put Paladin down and took his hand, and followed Ferumbras back into the smial. Ferumbras glanced over at Pearl, and felt himself blushing again. He'd never noticed before how pretty she was. They were the same age, too, at least, almost. He'd had his birthday nearly a month ago, and she would be having hers in another two weeks. He looked back for a moment at the others. Primula was the centre of attention, as usual, with her dark hair and striking looks. He'd often heard his aunts and uncles say she was the image of Aunt Mirabella at that age, except her eyes were blue instead of green. Peridot seemed to take after Cousin Periwinkle; she had warm brown eyes, and light brown hair, and tended to be rather quiet. Primrose was very Tookish, with a pointed face and green eyes and chestnut hair. But Pearl seemed to be a blend of both her parents, and looked nothing like either of her sisters. Her hair was a glossy light brown, but her eyes were green, and she had her mother's chin and nose. It gave her a character all her own. "Do you know which apartment we've been given?" she asked. Up until Isumbras' wife had died a couple of years ago, the Whitwell Tooks had been given the same quarters every time they came, but Lalia thought it was a waste to save perfectly good guest rooms for a family that only visited briefly once or twice a year. Ferumbras nodded, and led Pearl and her small charge through the maze of passages, wishing he could think of something to say, and to make conversation with her. He suddenly realized they were near the Thain's mathom room-not one of the more common ones, with everyone's cast-offs, but the one where the Thain and his immediate family kept some of the more valuable items. "Would you like to see something? It would only take a moment." he asked hopefully. Pearl was a bit surprised, but curious. "See what?" she asked cautiously. "Here," he said, opening the door. It was not kept locked-Isumbras had said testily to Lalia's suggestion that it should be, "we are not in the wilds of Buckland", and that was that. Intrigued, Pearl followed him in. This was not the sort of mathom room she was used to. Most of them were dim and dusty, and filled with jumbles of cast offs. This room was neatly kept; there were low cabinets and chests in the centre of the room, and shelves from floor to ceiling against each wall. Nothing had simply been tossed in and forgotten-all were in boxes or caskets or bags or baskets, neatly arranged on the tables and shelves. A skylight let in a shaft of sunlight, and the dusty motes illuminated the lower shelves, which were filled with several volumes of the Yellowskin. Pearl let go of Paladin's hand and followed Ferumbras. Paladin toddled after his sister. On top of one of the cabinets was an item not in a box. It was apparently a sheathed dagger, decorated with pearl and silver on haft and sheath. Pearl's eyes grew wide at the sight of it. Ferumbras glanced at it and shrugged. "It's a Dwarf dagger. Mother got it from Uncle Bardo. She's giving it to Grandfather for his birthday. But this is what I wanted to show you." He moved over to one of the shelves. "Magic." "Magic?" Pearl asked, following him. "You've heard of Great-Grandfather Gerontius' shirt-studs, haven't you?" Pearl's eyes grew wide at the thought of seeing those legendary shirt-studs. As Pearl and Ferumbras went over to some shelves at the far side of the room, little Paladin gripped the cabinet, to steady himself. He could just see over the edge of it. What was that shiny thing? He reached out a chubby hand, and soon had it tightly gripped in his little fist. Sitting down with a thump, he wondered if it tasted good. Quite fortunately, the dagger was well-fastened into the sheath by a cunning wire. Meanwhile, Ferumbras had taken down a small casket. He opened it. "See, here they are!" "How do they work?" asked Pearl. "No one knows. When Great-Grandfather died, the magic word that worked them was lost. But they are still magic. No one can fasten them or unfasten them without the word." And he demonstrated. Though they appeared to fasten just like ordinary shirt-studs, as soon as Ferumbras released them, they fell away. "Oh! Let me try!" And Pearl also tried to close them, with no more luck than her cousin. Sitting on the floor by the cabinet, Paladin tried to take a bite of the shiny thing. But it was disappointing; it looked very pretty, but it tasted cold and nasty. He dropped it in disgust, and with a little kick from his furry foot, it disappeared beneath the cabinet. He was getting tired; he did not try to stand up again, but crawled around to where he could see Pearl and that other lad cousin, laughing over something. He watched them with drooping eyes, and then lay down upon the floor and was instantly asleep. Ferumbras took the shirt-studs and put them back in the casket, and Pearl said with a start, "I had better get Paladin to Mother!" She looked around, almost panicking at the realization that her brother was not at her skirts. Her expression softened as she saw him asleep, and she bent down and picked him up, holding him over her shoulder. "Poor baby!" she said. "We really need to go! Besides, remember, we've been promised to go riding." They passed out of the room, Ferumbras closing the door behind him, neither of them noticing that the Dwarf dagger was no longer on top of the cabinet.