She lost a slipper, and we would return it to her." Now the woodcutter felt dread at their words, for he feared that if anyone found out about her, he would lose his daughter. So he lied. "No, my lords, I do not know of any maiden in the forest." So the hunting party searched the rest of the day, and then puzzled and discouraged, returned to the castle. The two princes told the king and queen of what they had found. When Prince Gallant pulled out the slipper to show it to them, the queen swooned, and the king declared "Why, our daughter must be alive!" The king proclaimed a great reward for the finding of his daughter. Proclamations were sent throughout the land. The day came that the woodcutter went to the village to sell his wood, and to buy the things his little family would need for the winter. There he found the villagers all abuzz with the news of the proclamation. He returned home with a heavy heart; now he knew the truth of who his daughter was-not abandoned by her family, but stolen from them in malice. That night, the woodcutter stayed up to speak to his wife after their daughter had gone to bed. He told her of what he had discovered. "It is not right that we keep her from her destiny," he said to his wife. "But husband! How can we bear to lose her? I love her so! And there is this-if the king learns we have kept her all these years, perhaps he will punish us!" And so the woodcutter listened to his wife's fears, and kept silent. They did not know their daughter was still awake and had heard their conversation. Early, before dawn broke, Fern arose, and dressed herself. She put the other slipper in her pocket, and made her way through the forest. She had spent much time with her father, and was canny in the ways of the wood, so she had not much trouble in finding her way to the village. When she arrived, she was amazed to find a great crowd of young maidens gathered in the village square. She was suddenly shy of so very many people-never had she seen this many people at one time in her life, and she was far too tongue-tied to say anything or ask any of the many questions she had. But she found herself, nevertheless, being hustled into the square with the other maidens. And then a great coach drove up. A herald in splendid clothes stepped out and read a proclamation: all the maidens would be given an opportunity to try on the slipper found in the forest. The true princess would be she whom the slipper fit. And now Prince Noble and Prince Gallant stepped out. The maidens were all made to stand in a long line. Shy as she was, Fern managed to get at the very end of the line. Many of the maidens could almost wear the slipper, but not one did it fit exactly. Some of them were very cross indeed when they could not put it on. As the line grew shorter and shorter, the two princes were feeling very discouraged. The next to the last maiden was very buxom. It was quite clear that her large foot would never fit the slipper, but she insisted on trying anyway. She could barely get her toes in, but she pushed and pushed, until the seams of the slipper gave way and it split. Prince Noble gave a cry of anguish. "Foolish girl!" he cried, "now I shall never find my sister!" But Fern stepped forward, and took the other slipper from her pocket, and handed it to him. He stared at her, amazed, and then held the slipper for her to put on. Her foot fit perfectly. With a shout of joy, Prince Noble grabbed her up, and swung her around! "At last, little sister, you are found! Our parents will be overjoyed!" But Prince Gallant looked at them with shining eyes, for he had fallen in love with the beautiful Fern at first sight. The king and queen were overjoyed to see her once more, and lavished presents and parties and beautiful clothes on her. But she was sad, for she missed the woodcutter and his wife, who had raised her all her life. So the king had them brought to the castle, and greatly rewarded them, for as he said "Had you not found her she surely would have died." And Prince Gallant paid court to her, and soon she fell in love with him, and they were married in the most splendid wedding ever seen in the two kingdoms." Merry and Beri looked at each other. "Is that the end?" asked Merry. "Yes, sprout, it is. That is just the way Bilbo told it to me." Frodo smiled. "Did you like it?" "It was a good story," said Berilac. "But I like ones with dragons and battles better." Merry picked up one of the slippers and studied it carefully. "Do you suppose this slipper belonged to a princess? How do you think it came here?" Frodo shook his head. "I've no idea how it may have ended up here at Brandy Hall. And I don't think it could have belonged to a princess, for I do not think it is so old as the last of the kings." Merry cocked his head. "Maybe there will be princesses again when the King comes back!" Berilac laughed. "Well, that means it will never happen!" Frodo chuckled, and tousled Beri's curls. "You never know, Beri-lad. It could happen someday. Now, if you've found enough mathoms let's be on our way. I think it's nearly time for luncheon." And at the mention of food the two lads jumped up, and gathered together the chosen gifts, and they left the room, and left the pair of slippers behind on the dusty floor.