roof-beams as we sing! Ever longer grow the days- May the Yule log brightly blaze! Merry glanced over at Pippin, whose clear voice was easy to hear over the many others in the room. Pippin had Holly's hand in his, and when he saw Merry watching him, he grinned, without missing a note. The feast that followed was magnificent, and would help Saradoc live up to his nickname of "Scattergold". The tables groaned with bounty. Tonight as the Master and Mistress were presiding over the Hall, Pippin sat at the high table with Holly at his side. Merry was next to his mother, on Holly's other side. She leaned over, and he heard her whispering to Pippin, "In all the years we lived here at Brandy Hall, I never sat at the high table before." "Never?" Pippin asked. She shook her head . "No, we were only very distant cousins, after all." "Well, as you see the food's no different." "And I, for one," said Merry, "am glad that we finally have your company here!" The feast came to a spectacular conclusion, with a lovely and flaming Yule pudding, and then it came time to clear the room for dancing. Pippin looked at Holly. "I am sorry that I won't be able to dance with you for the first part of the evening, but I promised Aunt Esme-" "That's quite all right, Pippin! I will enjoy watching you play your fiddle. And most of the dances early in the evening are circle dances-I shall have plenty of dancing tonight!" "Well, we've a little while until the Hall is cleared. Would-" Pippin stopped, and then plunged ahead-"would you like to get a bit of fresh air before then?" To his surprise, she smiled. "That sounds like a lovely idea, Pippin." She took his arm, and they headed out into the garden. The evening was crisp, and their breath steamed in little wisps and puffs. It was very clear, and the stars were brilliant overhead. Pippin looked up. "My cousin Frodo has all sorts of stories about the stars. He says they are the dew from a magical Tree, scattered across the sky by a powerful magical maiden." "An Elf?" "I don't think so, she seems to be something else altogether. I don't know if it's true or not, but Frodo says the Elves believe it." "It's a very pretty story. And as likely to be true as not." Holly shivered a bit. "Here!" Pippin led her around to the other side of a low garden wall, that served as a windbreak. "Thank you." She pulled her wrap about her more closely. "You are a very sweet lad, Pippin." Her tone was almost sad as she said it. Suddenly he knew why. "But you don't really like me in that way," he said. She smiled. "Well, I do like you in that way, as I think you like me in that way. But I don't love you." "Oh." "I'm afraid I've already lost my heart to someone else long ago. But he doesn't even have a clue I'm alive." "Well, he's very foolish, then," Pippin said stoutly. But inside he felt disappointed. He had hoped that perhaps Holly would allow him to kiss her. Suddenly, she put her hands on his shoulders, and leaning forward, she put her lips on his. Pippin was almost too surprised to kiss her back. Almost. Her lips lingered for a moment, and Pippin felt it clear down to his toes and back. Without his own volition, his arms moved around her. After another instant she drew back, and smiled at him. "I think that you are a very good kisser, Pippin Took. And one day you will find a very lucky lass who will be worthy of you." "But not you?" Pippin was not sure how he felt about this. He did like her very much, but he didn't feel about her the way Sam felt about his Rose. She shook her head. "No, I'm not the one. But that doesn't mean we can't enjoy ourselves. And I think that your Aunt Esme will be awaiting your fiddle, don't you?" He grinned, and led her back inside. xxxxx Pippin carefully put his fiddle in its case, and stepped down from the dais. He saw three lasses he knew smiling and waving at him. He gave them a smile and a cordial nod himself, and made his way to where Holly waited. He offered her his arm, and said "Would you like some punch?" She smiled at him, and he didn't mind a bit that she was looking down slightly to do so. They made their way across the room to the refreshment table. Nearly in the middle of the room, Sancho was holding forth to several of his friends. Pippin paused slightly as they went by, and frowned as he heard the subject under discussion. "And Cellie and I were behind the oak tree for nearly an hour," Sancho was snickering, "and let me tell you, she may be young, but she is one eager-" So full of his boasting as he was, Sancho failed to notice the change of expression on his listeners' faces from avid to alarmed. In fact, the first that he knew of something wrong was a shove from behind. He whirled around. "Oi! What-" But he was abruptly silenced by a swift fist connecting with his nose. He looked up blurrily from the floor at Doderic Brandybuck. "Keep away from my sister," Celandine's brother said furiously, before turning on his heel and stomping off. Pippin could not resist. As he steered Holly past the still prone Sancho, he looked down, schooling his face into his best imitation of Frodo. "Sancho," he said, as seriously as he could manage, "a gentlehobbit does not kiss and tell." xxxxxxx *In my story "The Life of a Bard", which can be found at the Stories of Arda archive or at Many Paths to Tread .