at home. "It's a pleasure to make your acquaintance! I'm actually staying here in the palace. The king wanted me to stay here to repay my kindness. It wasn't really that big of a deal after all. I couldn't have just let you die Prince Legolas it would have been evil of me not to." Damia explained. "You're staying here? That's great! We will become friends." Tauriel was joyed by this news. Knowing she can make another friend she can talk to. "He asked you to stay here?" Legolas interrupted with his brows furrowed. "Ah yes, well I kind of gotten thrown in the dungeons for a little while for disrespecting him. I do apologize for my behavior." Damia bowed again with a frown on her face remembering what she said to Thranduil. "He threw you in the dungeons?!" Legolas raised his voice a couple octaves higher at knowing how horrid the dungeons really were. "Oh it wasn't that bad I am perfectly healthy! As I said do not worry about it! I do not want any more problems with the king. I did cause him anger at my cruel words, just don't worry about it!" Damia spoke loudly waving her hands in front of her face signifying she was alright. She saw Tauriel and Legolas' expressions lighten at her happiness. "So what are you doing down here anyway?" Tauriel asked with a concerned expression plastered on her face. "Well I wanted to see my horse." Damia smiled wryly probably thinking she was insane for wanting to see and speak with Gunter. "The stables are just through that gate, don't worry if you get lost. Guards will escort you." Legolas smiled a small smile again. Damia's brows furrowed at his expressions, it's like he didn't know how to show happiness. Just like his father, but his father was cold that was the only difference between them. "Thank you!" Damia finally said jogging off through the gate. Once she reached the stables she admired at how huge they were. The building was big enough to hold over one hundred horses. "This will be a joy" she whispered to herself After a few moments of passing by stalls her eyes stopped on one in particular, the gate of this stall was plated with silver and when she looked into the stall she saw a grand Elk standing proud and tall. 'This must be the kings steed' thinking to herself in amazement. "You're beautiful!" she complemented the beautiful creature. Instantly he walked over to her and started nuzzling her on the head. "Oh stop that! It tickles!" she laughed petting the creatures face. She was stopped by the sound of Gunter's voice. "My lady?" he neighed and she could tell he must have been so worried about her. "Gunter!" She ran over to him a few stalls away from the elk and wrapped her arms around his giant black and white paint neck. "I missed you!" Damia almost started to cry from how happy she was. "Me too my lady, are we going home now?" He asked in a hurry. "This is our home now Gunter, we will be much safer here." She looked into his light blue eyes for approval. "What about your things? The others?" He sounded hurt. "I did not rule over them Gunter, I was not some Queen. I was myself. A friend to them. As for my things the elves are retrieving my things." She said with a sorry tone in her voice. She was sorry but she wanted to see what it was like to live in a place such as this with elves, and Thranduil. 'Why am I still thinking about him?' she asked herself. Feeling her face heat up at the memory of his touch on her skin put knots in her stomach. Just thinking about his face made her heart race. She hadn't the slightest clue. "Are you okay my lady?" Gunter asked in a worried tone. "Ah yes, I just have a lot on my mind my friend, would you like to go for a ride around the kingdom?!" she asked with glee wanting to feel the breeze run through her hair and tickle her face. Gunter's head bowed and he snorted "Yes, My Lady." He then walked out of the stall he was in and Damia climbed onto his tall back without the slightest bit of struggle. After they were out of the stables she whispered to her steed "Stay still for a second Gunter." And he obeyed instantly. With much practice Damia slowly stood straight onto Gunter with one foot on his shoulder bone and the other on his rear with her arms spread out over her sides smiling. "Canter Gunter." She smiled down at him and he began to canter, he didn't worry the slightest bit of falling, she would always stand on his bareback and enjoy the ride. It took much talent but he knew she was proficient at it. Damia started to giggle as to how much fun it was. The wind blew her hair back making it look like a trail of blue smoke behind her. Her white dress showing off her body figure was now tighter thanks to the wind, but Damia didn't care. This was one of the few ways she really felt free. Free from pain, free from evil. She felt almost invincible almost floating through the air on the back of her horse. She did not know that she had a show of elves watching her. Legolas was sent to tell Damia that dinner was ready and Tauriel followed him to fetch her. They both watched in awe at her talent. Never before have they seen a woman in such grace and beauty, just watching her had them dumb struck. Up on the balcony Thranduil stared at her beauty dumbstruck that she had the talent to stand on a horses back while it cantered. He was going to enjoy this very much so.