Meriadoc, whom Mellor had met. "Good morning, Master-?" The lad blushed. "Ilberic Brandybuck, at your service, sir. But you can call me Ilbie," he blurted. "Mellor, son of Meneldil, at yours and your family's" he responded with a smile. "You are close kin to Sir Meriadoc, are you not?" He nodded. "I'm his second cousin once removed, through his great-uncle Saradas, who was my grandfather." The Ranger grinned at this earnest recital; such kinship among Men would not be reckoned especially close, but among hobbits it most certainly was. "I am very pleased to meet you, then, Ilbie. So you have been told off to watch me then?" He shook his head. "No, I offered. Lots of us wanted a turn to watch you." Mellor found this frank admission rather disarming. "I had better let Aunt Esme know you are awake, though, because the healer wants a look at you, and then of course, you need to eat…" He put down the book he had been holding, and darted to the door, before Mellor could protest that he was not especially hungry. And yet even as he thought this, his stomach growled. "I'm turning into a hobbit, already," he muttered to himself. Hungry or not, the thought of food was not especially appealing with his head still throbbing so. It wasn't long until Ilbie returned, bearing a loaded tray of food, and followed by Mistress Brandybuck and Master Dodinas. Ilbie put the tray down, and Dodinas came over to him, removing the pendulum from his neck. It was the tooth of some sort of animal, suspended from a leather cord -Mellor's eyebrows rose-if he were any judge of such things, that looked like a wolf's tooth! How he wondered, had such a thing come to a hobbit? He watched curiously as the hobbit dangled the pendulum over him. This was not something he had seen before. The hobbit studied the patterns of the swinging pendulum intently. "You are still in a good deal of pain," said the healer. "I think that I need to increase the willow-bark I have been giving you. And now you need to eat something and build up your strength." The healer reached a hand down, to assist Mellor to sit up. The hobbit was surprisingly strong. For a moment the room swayed, and Mellor thought he might end up flat on his back again, but after an instant the dizziness passed. Ilbie put the tray down, and Mellor inspected it. There was far more food there than he would have cared to eat even in full health. There was a bowl of porridge, toast and jam, a plate with a mushroom omelet and several sausages, and a pot of tea. But he looked with dismay at the tiny cup and the utensils-they would be awkward in his large hands. Still, with care, he found he could manage them. He ate more than he thought he would-all the porridge and most of the omelet, though he took only a bite or two of toast, and did not touch the sausages. The tea was very good, and sweetened with honey. Each cup was only a couple of swallows. Esmeralda sat next to him, pouring more from the teapot as he finished each cupful. "I am pleased that you are feeling somewhat better, Master Mellor." she said "You will be glad to know that I received the letter of permission from Thain, Master and Mayor just this morning; I expect that the Master, and Merry and Pippin will be in Buckland before the day is out." Mellor was briefly puzzled, before he recalled that those were the nicknames of Sir Meriadoc and Sir Peregrin. "Thank you, Mistress Brandybuck. You have been kindness itself." "I am glad to be of help to you. We of the Shire have only recently become aware of the debt we owe you Rangers for generations of safety and security. Your people have paid a high price for the protection of ours." Mellor looked at her earnestly. "It was our duty, but also our privilege. And it was worth every moment of it, for what your people in the end did for ours. It was, after all, a hobbit, who finally saw accomplished that which even the King Isildur could not do. And all our years of watching and waiting led up to that moment, though we knew it not." A sad smile came to her face, and for an instant, tears stood in her green eyes. She blinked. "Frodo. And of course Merry and Pippin and Samwise. It is still hard to understand, but I am beginning to." xxxxxxx As they dismounted at the Ferry, Merry looked at his father with concern. "Are you all right, Da?" Saradoc chuckled wearily. "I am not so young as I used to be. Riding through the night straight through is something I have not done in many years." "Well, you can take it easy now, Uncle Sara, for we're home," said Pippin. He turned to his cousin, who had signaled the hobbit on duty across the River to bring the ferry over. "What will we do next, Merry?" "I don't know, Pip. It's going to depend on what this Ranger has to tell us, and how he came to be injured." Merry was worried. If the Ranger had been injured by violence it could mean a serious problem for the Shire. xxxxxxx Eradan was worried. His partner was supposed to have met him back at their camp, where the road to Sarn Ford met the Greenway. He had not at first worried, for he had returned from his own errand more quickly than he thought-he had caught up to the King's Messenger long before Bree. Still, after three days, he was getting very concerned. What could have happened to Mellor? xxxxxxx * AUTHOR'S NOTE: The character of Cousin Dody is loosely based on Ariel's OC, Dody, in her wonderful story, "Fear" and used with her permission.