with which he soaked the handkerchief. "Mr. Bilbo, do you have some pipe-weed?" Bilbo, astonished at young Sam's presence of mind, handed him his leaf-pouch. Sam put a large pinch onto the wet cloth, and applied it to the swelling. "It's not a bite, Master Pippin, it's a sting. He stuck his stinger into you." Pippin had calmed a bit and was just sniffling now. "The wet pipe-weed will pull the stinger out, and make it feel better,"* said Sam soothingly. "He's probably very sorry he stung you, Master Pippin. He'll die now he's got no stinger." "Oh!" cried Pippin, and burst into tears again. "I killed it!" For the first time since Pippin screamed, Sam looked taken aback, and gave a puzzled look to Bilbo. Bilbo knelt down and gathered Pippin into a hug, careful not to let the handkerchief get loose. "It's all right, Pippin, that's just the way of things for bees." "But what if he has a family?" Pippin sniffed. "There are so many bees in his family, and as I am afraid bees are not at all clever about such things, they will not really notice." "Oh." Pippin's sobs began to subside, and he relaxed into Bilbo's embrace, his little thumb finding its way into his mouth. "It feels better, Sam," he murmured. Just then the Gaffer walked up. "What's all this then?" he asked. Sam looked up at his father. "Master Pippin got stung by a bee." "Yes," said Bilbo, "and I am most thankful to young Samwise here, for his use of the wet pipe-weed! I had no idea that is what one does for bee-stings! He's a very clever lad!" Sam blushed at the praise, and the Gaffer looked gratified. "Well, seems as if that's summat a gardener needs to know, Mr. Bilbo. I've had to do the very same for Sam myself a time or two. Is the little Master feeling better?" he added to Pippin. Pippin turned his gaze up to the Gaffer's face. "Uh-huh," he nodded. He ducked his face shyly into Bilbo's weskit, and burrowed further into his cousin's embrace. "I think," said Bilbo, "that it is time to go back inside and prepare lunch. Won't you and Sam join us in the kitchen, Master Hamfast?" Bilbo asked more out of habit than of expecting an affirmative answer. "No, and thank you, Mr. Bilbo," the gardener answered as he always did. "The Missus'll have summat fixed for us at Number Three. Come along, Sam. You can finish weeding the border later." Pippin pulled his thumb from his mouth, and turned his tear-ravaged face up. "Please, Mr. Gaffer? Mayn't Sam stay? I like him. I could play with him 'till Merry and Frodo get here!" Hamfast Gamgee gazed at the little Took as if mesmerized, and then, shaking himself out of his daze, said, "All right. Go along wi' ye, Sam, and do just as Mr. Bilbo says, and keep Master Pippin out'n any more trouble." Sam gaped at his father in astonishment, and then with a grin said "Yes, sir!" After a splendid luncheon, Pippin went back out in the front garden with Sam, who obligingly chased him, squealing, about the garden. Sam had just caught Pippin and was swinging him high overhead, when they heard familiar voices calling from the lane. "Oh!" cried Pippin. "It's Merry and Frodo!" And scarcely waiting for Sam to set his feet to the ground, he pelted through the gate and barreled into his most-beloved and best cousins. Frodo and Merry, walking amiably up the road to Bag End, and wondering what Bilbo might have for tea, looked up in surprise to see the tiny figure coming at them like an arrow straight to the target, and braced themselves. Pippin slammed into them, hugging them both, and talking a mile a minute. "Merry! Frodo! I've been waiting for you ever so long! Papa-I mean Father-said I could stay with Cousin Bilbo till you came and I got to play with Sam and I got stinged by a bee and Sam fixed it with pipe-weed and Cousin Bilbo is making seedcake for tea and-" Merry grabbed his tiny cousin and swung him about, and then pretending to throw him, held him up to Frodo, who, with one smooth move, plopped him atop his shoulders. Pippin squealed in glee, and tangled his fingers in Frodo's dark curls. "I thought you would never get here! Cousin Bilbo said you went to visit Cousin Fatty but he said you'd be home in time for tea and-" The cousins came through the gate to Bag End, which Pippin had left swinging open, and Merry shut it carefully behind him. "Cousin Bilbo wouldn't climb the tree with me he said he is too old Frodo so maybe you will climb with me did you know that weeds can choke flowers? Sam said so-" Sam stood by the path, grinning and shaking his head. "Hullo, Merry! Mr. Frodo! I've been keeping him company while Mr. Bilbo makes tea." "Father and Mother and Pearl and Pimmie and Vinca are going to be here for supper! Cousin Bilbo says we are having leg of lamb and mint jelly and potatoes and-" Merry patted Sam's arm sympathetically. Sam glanced up at the little one, who seemingly had yet to run out of breath. "Does he ever stop talking?" "-we have new kittens at the farm Merry maybe you can come see them soon-" Merry laughed. "Only when he's asleep, Sam!" The cousins headed into the smial. "-can Merry and me sleep with you tonight Frodo? I'd like that ever so-" And as the green door closed behind them, Sam chuckled, and turned his attention to the flowerbeds. xxxxxxx * Wet tobacco actually is good for insect stings. Author's Note: The last little bit of the story in which Frodo and Merry arrive was originally posted separately as a sort of coda to the first part. I have simply put them together here.