complete return to consciousness. He lost his balance and started to topple backwards. To this day, I can't say how he did it, but he turned a possible asphalt-burnt-behind into a perfect back-walkover. Righting himself, he leaned down and gave Gandalf a hand up. Unfortunately, Legolas' aura of effortless recovery was effectively ruined. Gandalf simply tapped him gently on the head with his staff, and Legolas tripped over his own feet as he turned to rejoin us. Spotting me, Gandalf altered his course and stopped right in front of me. He gently took my right hand in his, kneeled and bowed his head slightly. "Enchanté, Madmoiselle," he said, in surprisingly good French, "Je voudrais demander votre pardon... mes amis ne sont pas toujours si... rustique." (3) I laughed. "Oh," I said as he released my hand, "please, don't mention it." Everyone watched this exchange open-mouthed. The hobbits giggled and nudged one another. "She's blushing," cried Pippin. Merry elbowed Pippin in the ribs and winked. "Watch this," he said in an undertone, "it will knock her socks off." He sauntered over to me with a cocky grin on his face. Shoving his hands in his vest pockets, he said, loudly and clearly, "Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir?" (4) Gandalf choked. I was stunned. Without thinking, I slapped him. Hard. He fell backwards. Hard. The asphalt kissed his bottom... hard. To a grown man, the slap would have merely turned his face and stung, but Merry was considerably smaller than a grown man... and the effect was a little more noticeable. "Well," Pippin muttered, "at least someone's socks were knocked off." AW, who had remained silent, piped up, "And you're lucky you didn't get your teeth knocked out too!" He loomed over the fallen lad and said almost pleasantly, but with a thread of steal just bellow the surface, "If you ever say something like that to my sister again I'll..." he grinned evilly and snatched up the lacrosse stick, "use my imagination." Pippin glanced from the stick to AW's face, paled and nodded vigorously. As AW stalked off, I heard Sam whisper to Merry, "What did you say?" "I don't know," Merry wailed softly, "I heard it on the radio the whole time we were in Quebec... I thought it would make me sound smart!" Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Gandalf guiltily pull a cassette tape out of his pocket, drop it on the ground and crunch it under the heel of his boot. I don't think anyone else noticed, they were too busy laughing at Merry. Sam snorted. "My old Gaffer used to say, 'It's better to keep your mouth shut and have the world think you're a fool, than to open your mouth and prove them right.' Aragorn jumped up and looked from Gandalf to me and back again, stunned. "You-... Y..." he sputtered, "You speak FRENCH? You said you didn't... that whole time we were lost in the French province... you could have HELPED??" I'm not entirely sure, but I think Gandalf smirked beneath his beard and replied calmly, "You never asked. You simply assumed I didn't speak French." Then he grinned, "Besides, you should have seen the lot of you, struggling with the phrase book, 'La plume de ma tante est sur la table, où est la toilette?'" (5) With that, he dissolved into giggles and sat down suddenly on the edge of the table. Aragorn stood helplessly, his eyes bulged and his mouth opened and closed like a fish out of water. Finally, he gave up and sat down next to the hobbits. I silently passed him two sandwiches which he took without comment. The conversations died down as everyone devoured their one star lunch lunches. After several moments of quiet munching, Sam looked at Aragorn and said timidly, "Pardon me, Mr. Strider, sir," he quailed as Aragorn turned and glared at him, but continued gamely, "but the van is ticking... Is that a good thing?" Aragorn took a deep breath, apparently to find his equilibrium, and replied somewhat rationally, "Yes, Sam, it is a good thing. The mechanic in New York said that engines tick as they cool down. Perhaps all the van needs is some time to cool dow-" He may have finished his sentence, but no one ever heard what he said. Not that anyone cared much or even noticed. Accounts vary as to exactly what happened next. I guess it depends where we were standing, what we saw. I wasn't looking in the right direction at the time, so by the time _I_ looked at the van, it reminded me of Moses and the burning bush... except there was no bush, and Aragorn's wail did not remotely sound like the voice of God. The van was completely engulfed in flames, and a green mushroom cloud ascended over 50 feet above it. Everyone stood or sat perfectly still, eyes wide and mouths slack. Time stood still. It's funny. You never look for the defining moments in life, yet they still find you. Little did I know this was one of them... and boy! It was a doozy! ~*~*~*~*~ (1) BSB - Boromir's sick bag. Special thanks to Maryn Falkner for letting us borrow one. (2) Aber Guenevere, ich bin doch kitzlig! = But Guenevere, I'm ticklish! Verflickt und zugenäeht! = literally: All torn apart and sewn back again; not so literally: what the heck do these twits want NOW? (3) Enchanté, Madmoiselle = Enchanted, my dear Je voudrais demander votre pardon... mes amis ne sont pas toujours si... rustique. = I would like to ask for your pardon... my friends are not always this... uncouth. (4) Voulez-vous coucher avec moi ce soir? = Would you like to sleep with me tonight? (5) La plume de ma tante est sur la table, où est la toilette? = My aunt's pen is on the table, where is the bathroom? ~*~*~*~*~ Special thanks to San Antonio Rose for the German translations.