their breeches altogether!" The four of them heard several variations of that theme, and they congratulated themselves on a very successful prank. After a few more moments, they spotted a bedraggled pair of hobbits, their clothing in much disarray. "Just leave me alone right now," shouted Lotho. "I'm going to pull myself together, and then we'll finish our business." He flounced into one of the outdoor privies found at the perimeter of the Fair, far enough away that they would not offend fairgoers, but close enough to be useful. "Now's our chance!" said Pippin. He looked about on the ground, until he saw a stick that would serve his purpose. He snuck up, and carefully and firmly wedged it up under the privy door. It would come out easily enough from the outside, but any efforts to open the door from the inside would only wedge it even more tightly That only left Sandyman to deal with. "He knows Nibs," said Pippin, "and he knows me. It had better not be Rusty, in case he hears about what else happened-there aren't too many red-haired lasses who wear lad's clothing about." "That means it has to be you, Rufus. You know you can do it," his sister said. Pippin looked at him. "Please. It's to help my cousin." Rufus nodded, and Rusty handed him their lone farthing. "To make it seem more likely." Sandyman was waiting some distance away, and beginning to get impatient. Just then a young lad tugged at his shirt sleeve. "Beg pardon, sir," said the lad, "but another hobbit, he gave me this farthing to give you a message." He showed the miller the coin. "What message?" said the miller crossly. "Well, sir, he said he was fed up with the Fair and he didn't think anything was going to turn out right, and that he was going home, and not to wait for him any more." "Of all the nerve!" fumed Sandyman. "I've had it with his big ideas. I guess I will just make my own way home as well!" He stomped off, Rufus stood there a moment, and then went back to the others. "It worked." He sounded surprised. "Of course it worked, silly lad," said his sister, giving him a completely unexpected hug and kiss. He blushed. Pippin brushed his hands together. "Well, that takes care of that. Even if old Loathsome gets out of there anytime soon, he won't try to hurt Frodo and Merry by himself. He's too much of a scaredy-cat." "It's almost teatime!" exclaimed Nibs. "We'd better hurry!" They arrived at the campsite breathless, and found the adults all eagerly discussing the day's victories: the Cotton's sow had taken second place; Sam's roses and the Gaffer's cabbage took first places, and the Gaffer's marrows had taken a second. Mrs. Cotton's cake had taken first place among the cakes, and grand prize among all the baked goods, and even Marigold's coverlet had received a judge's note as being an excellent first effort. The children told of their day, somehow leaving out their manner of watching the animal show, and never even bothering to mention the presence of such beings as Lotho Sackville-Baggins and his cronies, or any of their other more interesting activities. "I was that worried about you," said Mrs. Cotton. "Why I heard a gang of kidnappers actually tried to grab a little lass today, if you can believe it!" "Oh, Aunt Lily!" Rusty exclaimed, her eyes wide and innocent. "I hardly think such a thing is likely in the Shire, Mrs. Cotton," said Frodo. "Nevertheless, I think tomorrow we'll keep our young ones closer at hand." Rusty turned to Pippin and gave him a broad wink. The next day, Pippin returned to the Fair, this time in company with Frodo and Merry. It had been good fun the day before, with the other children, but nothing was quite the same as spending time with his own special cousins. They went back to the Hook-a-Duck, and this time Pippin won another leather ball, and to his delight, two of the bright handkerchiefs. He gave the blue one to Frodo, who smiled and thanked him politely. But Merry was really rather happy with his bright yellow one, which he sincerely pronounced "quite splendid". And though Pippin had planned to eventually tell at least Merry of the rest of his adventures that day, somehow he never quite got around to it. Too many other things happened. But he hugged the memory to himself, as he realized that for the first time in his life *he* had looked out for Merry and Frodo, instead of the other way round… xxxxxxx Merry was nearly halfway over the rope. He could hear Frodo's voice behind him, calling soft encouragement, but in front of him, he could make out Pippin. Although his face was tiny from this distance, Merry could easily imagine the fierce expression of concern which it would now have, just as easily as if he were only a couple of feet from his cousin. He recognized the posture, as Pippin stood there, slightly tensed, arms held out as if he could catch him. He suddenly realized that this was the exact same posture he himself had often held when watching over his younger cousin. He concentrated on Pippin, on getting across to him. The distance was growing shorter now, and he began to feel a bit more confident as Pippin's face grew closer. He could hear his murmurs now: "Come on, Merry, you're doing fine!" and suddenly he felt the earth beneath his right foot and then his left, and he was clasped in Pippin's embrace. "Good old Merry! I knew you could do it!" Merry pulled back with a start, and looked into the earnest green eyes. He knew Pippin had gained a good deal of maturity during this journey, but when had he decided that he was Merry's protector? For the second time that day, he said "Thanks, Pip."