seeing the Elves up closely. Sir Meriadoc was at the side of Prince Legolas, but he turned with a grin when Pippin called out "Oi! Merry, I've someone I want you to meet!" The other hobbit made his way to them with an engaging grin. "Merry, this is Valdarion's cousin Margil." Merry made a little half-bow. "Meriadoc Brandybuck, at your service and your family's," he said politely. Margil took a deep breath, and returned the gesture. "Margil son of Marcarion, at yours?" he said hesitantly. Pippin laughed. "Now there's a clever lad and a quick learner," he said proudly, "even if he did not believe in hobbits!" Margil flushed again. He supposed he'd never hear the end of it, but he did not feel as bad about the teasing as he would have a day before. Pippin looked up, and saw Frodo gesturing to him, and many of the guests were moving towards the inner chamber where the actual talks would take place. "I'll leave Margil to you, shall I Merry? It looks like they need me now." Margil felt somewhat bereft as Pippin rushed off, but he had little time for it. Merry smiled at him and said, "So you did not believe in us?" "I did not really think about it, Sir Meriadoc," he confessed ruefully. "So many unbelievable things have happened lately, and somehow, that just seemed one thing too much." Suddenly he remembered that night in Pelargir, and gave a shudder. He bit his lip, and hoped that Sir Meriadoc had not noticed. But the sharp grey eyes were looking at him intently. "Let's find a quiet corner to talk," he said. "And call me Merry." He led Margil off to a bench beneath a window, far from the crowded center of the room. As they walked, he said "You know, before we came here, I did not believe in oliphaunts— what you call mûmakil !" Margil gave him a look of astonishment. Merry laughed. "You see, I could believe in Elves and Dwarves and Dragons and Trolls and Goblins—after all, old Cousin Bilbo had seen them himself, and as Frodo believed Bilbo, so did I. But Cousin Bilbo admitted he had never actually seen an oliphaunt himself, so I felt that I could doubt them. It seemed impossible to me that any animal could be so large!" Margil gave a chuckle as they sat down upon the bench. He was unprepared to see his companion suddenly turn serious. "So, Margil, what unbelievable thing frightened you so?" If his father or his uncle or even his cousin had asked him that question, Margil knew that he would have hotly denied having been frightened by anything! But somehow he knew that this hobbit would understand. "I didn't cover my head that night as everyone else did— I saw the Army of the Dead go by. I felt cold all the way through, my stomach dropped clear to my toes, my heart was pounding so fast I thought it would burst, and I could hardly breathe. I was terrified. But I did not wish anyone to know…" Merry nodded, and gave a little shudder of his own. "I think I understand, Margil. I have felt that way many times since I left my home." "But you are so brave!" Margil exclaimed. "So they tell me," Merry said. "But don't mistake that with never being afraid…" When Margil's mother, sister and aunt found him, he and Merry had been talking for a long time, and he felt lighter than he had in many weeks. "Come, Margil," said his aunt. "Master Meriadoc, the talks will be going on for quite a while today. If you will excuse Margil, we are going to return to our home." Merry stood. "Indeed, Mistress Elisien! It has been a pleasure. I am sure that all of us will come to call on you again soon." Margil turned as they left to give the hobbit a farewell wave. And that night, for the first time since that horrible night of the passing of the Dead, Margil slept truly and well. xxxxx The next day the four hobbits paid an informal visit to the gardens of Margil's aunt and uncle. He watched them carefully and listened to all they said. For the first time, he got the chance to meet and speak to the Ring-bearer, the Cormacolindor . Frodo was quieter than Pippin, more serious than Merry, less practical than Samwise, yet he seemed to see more deeply. And he so appreciated beautiful things. Margil was privileged to see them there a few more times. They came to say farewell to the family shortly after the King's wedding, and it was all Margil could do to avoid weeping openly. He noticed Valdarion was also blinking back the glitter in his eyes. Valariel and Arniel were sobbing, and Meliseth flung herself on Pippin, and begged them not to go. Frodo knelt and dried her tears and comforted her, reminding her gently that Gondor was not their home, but they would never forget them. But Margil had been very thoughtful. And before the year turned, he had convinced his father to apprentice him to an overland trader. Someday, perhaps, he could bring goods to the North, to Arnor, to Bree, maybe even to the Shire… xxxxx Author's End Notes: If you have not read Larner's original story, I encourage you to do so. I do hope I've done it justice with this remix from Margil's POV. The ending of the story is particularly beautiful, and I did not feel I could even begin to approach it so well, but I hope that I've given some hint of how that ending came about. The feast, as I described it using modern terms, is based on a Medieval feast recreated, and the proper names of the dishes and links to the recipes, both original and modern redactions, may be found at AEthelmearc Academy November XXXIII at the Gode Cookery website.