sleeping as soundly as Sam Gamgee ever had. xxxxxxx In the public room of the inn, the pipers had gathered. They were mostly having a good time with the ale, and with talking to one another. The older pipers, Ferdinand Took, Wil Cotton and Denham Banks were sitting at a table together, and comparing the worst students on the pipes they had ever had. Only Gil Chubb was sitting by himself, drinking ale after ale, and staring glumly at the door to the inn's private room, where he had watched the Thain and his family, the Master of Buckland and his family, the Mayor, and Sam Gamgee and his wife go in. After a while they all came out, and made their separate ways to their rooms. Rufus Tunnelly had brought with him a cask of his own brew, rather stronger than what the inn usually served, and persuaded the innkeeper, his second cousin once removed, to allow him to broach it. It was dark and rich and heady. Lott Brockhouse was telling a story about the first time he had heard Pippin play, when he was just a young tween, there was a chorus of toasts to "Captain Peregrin" and then another to "Captain Merry". Then there was another chorus of toasts to the Travellers and to the new King they would be meeting on the morrow. Carl Roper called for a toast to Samwise Gamgee, who had made the Shire green again. As all the rest drained their tankards, Gil Chubb shoved his away, muttering "Nothing but a gardener, married to a jumped-up farmer's daughter, pretending he's gentry-" Unfortunately his mutters came during a lull in the conversations, and was all too clear to the rest in the room. He suddenly found Jolly Cotton staring at him, inches from his face. "What did you just say?" xxxxxxx There was a persistent knocking at his door. Pippin opened one eye muzzily, and took in the fact that he was neither at the Great Smials nor Crickhollow-ah, yes, was it morning already? He glanced out the window; dawn was peeping in. "I'm awake!" he called. Merry stuck his head in the door. His face was serious. "Pip. We have a problem." xxxxxxx Pippin looked at the row of pipers standing before him, each and every one of them obviously in the grip of miserable hangovers. Gil Chubb had a black eye and a swollen nose. Jolly had a lump on his brow not at all concealed by his mop of curls. "What am I going to do with the lot of you?" he asked angrily. "The King will be here at noon, and we are to meet him on the bridge. Forget about second breakfast, we are going to practice, now!" "Captain Pippin," moaned Jolly, "I'm not sure I could eat breakfast if I had it." At the second mention of breakfast, Hildibold Took and Marco Goodbody bolted for the door. They barely made it outside before they could be heard being noisily sick. Pippin looked at Merry. "What happened?" he asked miserably. Merry rolled his eyes. "Rufus Tunnelly's home brew and Gil Chubb's big mouth." Pippin glared at Chubb. He should have known. "What did he say?" Carl aimed a venomous look at the subdued Chubb. "He insulted Sam and Rosie." Pippin turned bright red with anger. He walked over to Gil Chubb. "So you found something to say about our Sam and Rosie, did you?" he yelled right into the hung over hobbit's face. Chubb flinched. "I'm sorry, Mr. Pippin." he whined, "It was the ale as was talking." "You'd better be sorry! And you'd better play your heart out today to make up for it!" "Ooh, my head!" the hapless Chubb moaned. xxxxxxx Two hours later, Pippin sank down dismally on a bench by the inn door. They were terrible. They were awful. He'd never heard pipers sound worse. And these were supposed to be the best pipers in the Shire. They had stumbled as they tried to march. Once, Marco, Hildibold and Lott had marched in the opposite direction than everyone else. And they would get halfway through a song, and just fade out one at a time. They could not keep the rhythm. All of Pippin's nightmares seemed about to come true. Merry sat down by him sympathetically. "Maybe you should just play for Aragorn, and leave the others out of it." Pippin moaned. He might just have to do that. He felt an abject sense of failure. His father had entrusted him with an important task, put him in charge of this, and he had messed it all up. Merry patted him on the back sympathetically, for once at a loss as to what else was to be done. "Pippin-" Pippin looked up to see Sam, Rose and Diamond standing there. Rose had a tray with cups on it, and Sam and Diamond between them were carrying a good sized kettle. "-I have some of the Gaffer's morning after remedy mixed up here. Bring 'em on over here, and we'll dose 'em." "Oh, Sam!" Pippin's face lit up. "You are a genius! And too kind, after that one's remarks!" "Well now, Mr.- I mean, Pippin, you know I'm not one to hold a grudge." "Besides," giggled Diamond, "it's going to taste really nasty." Rose grinned. "And you know what finishes off the Gaffer's remedy!" Pippin gave her an evil grin. Ah, yes! Cold water poured over the head. xxxxxxx King Elessar sat among those of his court who had traveled with him, and watched the twelve hobbits, as they piped and played and marched in precision. They sounded stirring and grand, and every time Pippin passed he caught his King's eye with a gleam of pride. He could not help but wonder, however at the story behind the obviously bruised faces on a couple of them, and why they all appeared to have wet heads. He grinned. He'd hear the tale sooner or later.