orc fell...five yards to the left of the one I was aiming at, but hey, they all count. A further volley of elven arrows thinned the attackers' ranks further, but then the survivors were upon us. I threw down the bow and drew my sword. Findathil's lads were playing a blinder, picking off orcs even as they got within striking range of us. But eventually a snarling orc reached me: I parried its swinging blow and countered, striking its small hand shield. Again it struck, but I dodged back and thrust, catching it on the shoulder. Hissing furiously, its grotesque face twisted with anger, the orc leapt at me...and straight onto a further thrust from my sword. I heard a noise behind me. Whirling round I saw an orc sneaking behind to try and surprise me. My sword swung around and cut it down. A third orc popped its head around the corner of the stockade – next instant the head lay severed on the ground. "Hey this is ok!" I shouted to Jacko. "This lot are pants!" Then I looked up. "Oh sh...." A cave troll stood before me, a gigantic spiked club the size of a hatchback in its hand. Its growl made my insides rattle and I prepared to find out what sort of afterlife Iluvatar had in mind. At that instant the front section of the stockade fell open and there was a brief staccato booming that made my ears ring. Three fist sized-holes appeared in the troll's broad neck, perforating it like a tear-off slip. With a look of bewilderment it shook its head, which promptly fell off with a snapping of tendons. The troll's body, unencumbered now by its brain, turned tail and lumbered away quite adeptly, squashing two orcs flat before realising it was dead and crashing down to the ground. "Tally ho!" cried Jacko. There was the thudding retort of more heavy calibre ordnance and a cluster of three retreating orcs splattered quite satisfyingly. "Take that you Nazi scoundrels!" shouted Jacko. "How many times?" I complained. "ORC scoundrels!" But Jacko was oblivious. He emerged from what remained of the stockade pushing a bulky contraption ahead of him. A stumpy barrel protruded from a jumble of ironmongery mounted on what I recognised as the Spitfire's wheels. Grunting a little with the effort he pushed the device ahead of him like a handcart before setting it down, looking along the barrel and pushing a plunger in. The Spitfire's cannon rattled and roared again. The orcs and a further troll were fleeing in terror already, but the latter never made the safety of the spur: cannon shells ripped into it, almost cutting it in two. Jacko straightened and took a few deep breaths. "Bit bulky, but does the job eh?" "I'll say!" I concurred. "Need a hand?" "Wouldn't say no." We had hardly wheeled the gun any distance before Findathil and his archers were with us, the rout of the orcs and trolls encouraging them to break cover. "Truly this is great magic!" he marvelled. "Let us use it to aid the our friends up the valley!" We wheeled the cannon around the spur and up the valley towards where the dwarves were at bay. True to his word, Norri had not let an orc pass his gateway, but massed ranks boiled around the outer defensive wall while trolls battered at the masonry. Word of our 'thunder stick' had spread among the orcs and no counter attack came our way: instead they tried to keep us at range, ranks of archers firing desperately at us. We trundled onto a broad mound, set the cart down and waited, hands over our ears, while Jacko took aim. A few seconds later the remaining orc archers were fleeing the broken remains of their comrades, while Jacko raised the sights and peppered the masses at the dwarf's gateway with cannon shells. With no further ado the orcs fled shrieking back up the valley. With an exultant cry the elves gave chase, firing arrows off as they ran and downing orcs by the dozen. The dwarves swarmed from their stronghold, battle axes felling orcs like saplings and butchering the one troll that stood its ground. Jacko and I leant back on the cannon and left them to it. "Why the hell didn't you tell me what you were up to?" I demanded. He shrugged nonchalantly. "Wasn't sure it would come off. But those dwarf chaps are top notch engineers. Wanted to test it out first but never got the chance. Still, it was alright on the night, eh?" I nodded, looking into the workings of the cannon. "Much ammo left?" He shook his head. "Fraid not. The Spit's one failing: not much in the way of shells. Enough for one more scrap like this and that's your lot." "Ah well," I said. "I don't think the bad guys will be back in hurry." A gurgling hiss nearby made us jump: I drew my sword as I saw movement behind us. One of the orcs knocked down by the dying troll had survived. I rushed back, sword drawn, and pulled the battered and bewildered creature to its feet. "Don't try anything, face-ache," I snarled, shoving it ahead of me towards the gun. Jacko looked at it with some distaste. "Ugly chap, don't you think? Any use to us?" I kept the tip of my sword a few inches from the orc, motioning it to sit. "Maybe. It might know something." "Mmm, worth a try," murmured Jacko, stroking his moustache. "Bet he wishes he'd stayed in the Fatherland now, eh?" I rolled my eyes. "For absolutely that last time, Jacko, this is MIDDLE EARTH. This is NOT World War Two. This is an orc, definitely, DEFINITELY not a German, ok? Now, you!" I kicked the crouching orc. "Are your lot planning any more attacks?" It looked up at me, incomprehension in its black eyes. "Ich weisse nicht," it grunted. "Sprechen sie Deutsch?"