To do so I will have to face both Sauruman, and most assuredly the Nine. If not the Dark Lord himself." "You have strength enough for Sauruman. Indeed, I think you far surpass him. Even the Nine, I think, you have the strength for." He snorted. "Eight of them, yes. But their leader? He who was once the Witch King of Angmar? That I do not know." He might have just a shade more power, but he doubted the Dark Rider would be driven to using his power as desperately as he knew he would be spending his. He had no doubt his adversary would wait until he was nearly spent before engaging him. A gentle hand on his shoulder, turning him to look once more into those fathomless eyes. "You fear this trial." He nodded. "I fear it indeed. And yet, it must be faced. Or I must leave others I know have not the strength for it to face the peril, and that I will not do." He could no more abandon those he had watched so faithfully as Mithrandir than he could have accepted Sauruman's suggestion that they join Sauron, a lifetime ago. Dark concern filled her eyes. "This is a heavy burden." She touched his forehead and jaw, tracing the lines graven there. "You will face much before the end. And I fear you will suffer deeply." Sadness entered her expression. "There is much pain and loss on your road." He thought of Frodo carrying the Ring into peril and his wish that the burden was not the hobbit's to bear. "I know. But I would far rather suffer it than let another take my place." Something about that truth, once spoken, eased his heart and firmed his resolve. Yes, he could take this task, not for necessity, not for his duty to Middle-Earth, but because of all those he desired to protect. Hobbits in the Shire. His friends and companions, grown so dear on their shared journey. This world he had so long watched over. Grey Pilgrim. Mithrandir. The wandering wizard. He had watched and fought long. He could not bear to give up now. Her eyes softened and warmed, and her hands took his. Warmth, kindness and a sort of healing flowed into him from her touch. "You have more strength than you know. And there will be help on your road. Do not despair." A small smile, and a voice in his mind. 'Whenever you need aid, you need only call, and I will come.' "I know." He found a smile. He knew his burden was no less, but his heart was lighter than it had been since he had first awoken. "I shall not despair." He would worry, and he was not foolish enough to say he would not fear, but that he thought he could say safely. "No." Her eyes were serene once more as she read his resolve. She clasped his hands a moment longer, then smiled tenderly at him, and brushed his hair back from his face. "Rest, until the dawn comes." "I shall." He stood aside to let her pass before him. Once she had disappeared among the trees, he made his way to his own rooms and slept, at peace. Dawn woke him, and he joined Lord and Lady for breakfast. He made a brief foray among the elves of Lorien, accepting their smiles and blessings and greetings, their gifts of food and water and little things. One craftsman presented him with a set of packs that could be either shoulder packs or saddle packs, and he put the other gifts inside, grateful for the consideration. All too soon, he heard the call of a great eagle and looked up to see Gwaihir's distinctive form circling. "I see it is time for me to be on my way." There were nods all around. A last waving of hands and calling of farewells. Then he mounted the stairs to the high tree-top where he had so lately been delivered into Galadriel's care. Three steps from the top, he stopped and turned to the Lord and Lady of the Golden Wood. His friends. "I thank you, for all you have done." He raised his staff slightly in acknowledgment. Celeborn bowed his head. "And we thank you, for all you have done and have yet to do." He clasped his hand. "Safe journey, my friend." "My thanks." He returned the clasp, then turned to Galadriel. "I thank you as well, my lady." "There is none required. It was a freely given gift." She smiled warmly and traced his face as she had the night before. Then she leaned forward and touched her lips to his forehead in benediction. "I wish you safe journey. Know that my thoughts go with you. I will watch for you as often as I may." A precious gift, as dear in it's way as the light she had given Frodo. "Thank you." He looked into her eyes one more time, sharing awareness, sharing hope and strength, such as it was, then turned and broke away to climb to the top of the tree. He lifted his arms, and Gwaihir swooped low. With a single smooth leap he was astride the great eagle. His breath caught as his body adjusted to the half-forgotten rhythms of flight. The eagle wheeled in the sky once more and he looked down upon the woods a final time. There at the platform, he could see the small figures of the Lord and Lady. Their presence and warmth blazed in his mind, a gentle farewell. He raised his arm in salute and goodbye. Then Gwaihir turned and pumped his wings, gaining altitude and turning toward Rohan. He lowered his arm to grip the feathers. His journey had begun. He had work to do. Author's Note: Always kind of wanted to explore what happened to Gandalf. After watching the Hobbit, I decided to write this down after all. Hope you enjoy it.