and finally signed it himself: "Frodo Baggins, Deputy Mayor." Sam and Rosie and the other witnesses stepped away, and Frodo put an arm around Tom's and Marigold's shoulders. "I present to you Mr. and Mrs. Tolman Cotton the Younger." He leaned toward Tom. "You can kiss her now, Tom." To the cheers and laughter of all their guests, Tom bussed his bride soundly. She blushed, and then kissed him back just as firmly. xxxxxxx_ Frodo now took his jacket off, and prepared to enjoy himself as a guest. He turned to see Merry standing behind him, and glaring at Pippin, who was chatting with Sam's young cousin Snowdrop. "I think " said Merry, through gritted teeth, "that I am just going to kill him and tell everyone he died." This would have alarmed anyone else but Frodo, who was well aware of Merry's moods, especially with regards to Pippin. "What did he get you into this time?" "Oh, he only volunteered me to play the tambour for the dancing this afternoon." Frodo bit his lip to stifle a chuckle. "And you agreed?" "Well, I could hardly say 'no' with everyone staring at me, could I?" "Maybe it won't be so bad, Merry. You used to be pretty good with that thing." "In private." Merry flushed. He had never cared for the idea of performing for an audience-it was why he wouldn't let his mother teach him the fiddle. "Well, you're committed, now, cousin, you'll just have to make the best of it." But Frodo was privately amused, and felt that Merry was now getting a taste of his own medicine. He had not quite forgiven him for maneuvering him into taking the Deputy Mayor's job. Merry sighed. He'd not done too badly in their practice session behind the barn, though he could tell Pip thought he was keeping the beat a bit slow. Maybe it wouldn't be a total disaster. Just then Pippin came up and plucked at his sleeve. "Come on, Merry, we'll be playing in just a moment." And he began to drag Merry off with him, just as the notes from old Wil Cotton's pipes got all the guest's attention. The musicians were gathered beneath the tree where the ceremony had taken place. Nibs looked at them before he put his flute to his lips. "We'll start with 'Southfarthing Brawl'(1) and then do 'Happy Hob'.(2) Merry groaned inwardly. Why did they have to start with Southfarthing Brawl? It got faster and faster toward the end. But there was nothing for it, the other players were ready to begin. It started well enough, and at first Merry thought things might not be so bad, but as the music began to speed up, he started to lose the rhythm. Desperately he tried to keep up, but fielding glares from the other musicians, he flushed and dropped out. He cast his fiercest glare towards Pippin, but Pippin, who was fairly glowing with the music, cast a smile his way full of fond encouragement. Pippin gave Merry a couple of firm nods to the beat, and soon, by keeping his eyes on his cousin, he was able to get back into the music, and even managed the fast run up to the end of the piece. Merry flashed Pippin a triumphant grin, which Pippin returned along with a look that said "I told you so." Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all… The music started for "Happy Hob", which was one of Merry's favorite dances. The last time he had danced that was with Estella at Sam's wedding. This wasn't so bad. They went through a number of Merry's favorite dances, nothing unfamiliar. Soon they were playing the Tangle Dance.(3) They'd take a break after this. Merry watched the dancers-why that was Frodo leading the Tangle! He and Pippin grinned again. It was worth it to see Frodo dancing again. After the music ended, and the dancers had extricated themselves, the guests all descended on the tables, and began to help themselves to food and drink. Pippin handed Merry an ale, and Merry took it gratefully. "See, Merry, it's not so bad." "No, Pip, it's not so bad. But I wouldn't want to make a habit of it." After the food and drink had found its place, the musicians went back to work. They played a few songs that were just for listening to, and then after a while, they struck up "Exchanges".(4) Everyone thought it would be great fun to try and cut the bridal couple, but Tom and Marigold were very nimble, and managed to stay together through the whole dance, in spite of some very determined efforts by Tom's younger brothers, and by some of Marigold's friends. There was much laughter from those watching, at the various tricks that were tried and failed. The music continued with a few breaks here and there, throughout the afternoon. The food and drink kept being replenished, and there were a number of hobbits who began to flag. Finally, as the sun began to set, Tom's Uncle Wil piped the couple to the door of the little cottage that had been built nearby. xxxxxxx Sam and Rose walked back to Bag End with Frodo, Merry and Pippin. "That was a lovely wedding, Sam," Rose said. "Not so lovely as our own, Rosie-lass." Sam dropped a kiss on top of her head as they walked hand in hand. A few steps ahead, the cousins walked quietly. The stars began to come out. Frodo looked up at them, thinking that today had been a very nice finish to his duties as Deputy Mayor. xxxxxxx I can't post the links to the music played on this site, but if you search, you can likely find them: (1)To hear the Southfarthing Brawl, search for Califian Bransle. 2)To hear Happy Hob, search for Mairi's Wedding. (3) To hear the Tangle Dance, search for the Tangle Bransle (4) To hear Exchanges, search for Hole in the Wall.