to assure her that he was alive, and that they knew where he was. She wondered as to how they had come by such information so quickly, but it never occurred to her to doubt it. She sighed deeply, and tears gathered in her eyes yet again. How ever was she going to make this up to him, once he was safe in her arms once more? xxxxxxx Grinning in anticipation of the payoff of their scheme, Tiny and Slouch returned to the ruins of The Dirty Duck , talking of what they would do once they had their money. Up the stairs, and unlocking the door, Tiny called out, "Little halfling, I have some food for you-" and then when the door swung open, he cursed. "Where's he gone?" For there was no sign of Pippin in the room. His sword was gone, he was gone! The window stood open, and the two Men rushed to it, wondering how their prisoner could have gone out from so high up. And froze at the sound of a chill voice. "Gentlemen." Tiny swallowed. He could feel the prick of a sword point at the small of his back. The point moved away. "Turn around," Pippin said. "slowly." They did so, and found themselves looking into a pair of hard green eyes. Their former prisoner was holding his blade confidently, and did not look the least bit intimidated. In his left hand he held the ropes with which he had been bound. Pippin moved the sword's tip to the fat Man's belly, and tossed the rope to the floor between him and Slouch. "You! Slouch! Take the rope and tie him up." "Where-where were you?" gasped Tiny. "Under the bed, of course! You don't think I'd be fool enough to go out a third floor window?" Slouch bent over cautiously to pick up the rope, eyeing the hobbit suspiciously. He picked it up gingerly. "I said 'tie him up'." Pippin repeated. The smaller Man eyed his partner, and gulped. Then he looked at Pippin again. It suddenly occurred to him that they were in serious trouble. If they were tied up and turned over to the King… In a panic, he threw the rope at Pippin. Pippin batted it aside with his sword, and then backed up quickly as the Man lunged at him. "Don't!" Pippin warned. "I've killed a troll with this sword!" Slouch hesitated, but now Tiny moved to the side, trying to get away and behind the hobbit. Pippin backed up, and for the first time a bit of apprehension showed in eyes. But before he could make up his mind to strike to kill, he heard the pounding of footsteps-many heavy footsteps, and the very welcome voice of his cousin calling "Pippin!" "I'm here, Merry!" he yelled, and then there was his Strider, his King, bursting through the door, Anduril drawn, and Merry at his heels, his own sword out. Faramir was right behind them, and others. Slouch threw his hands up. Tiny burst into tears. xxxxxxx Many hours later, Pippin and Diamond were finally alone, in their chamber at the guesthouse. The two rogues had been tied up and led off to gaol. Pippin, in spite of his declarations that he was not in the least hurt, only dirty and hungry, had been borne away in the arms of his King, who had insisted on examining him thoroughly. Merry had fussed over him until he thought he'd lose his temper, but finally he had been allowed to bathe; in the King's own apartment, no less, and a servant had been sent to the guesthouse to fetch a change of clothing. The four hobbits had taken a late supper there, along with the King and Queen, and with Faramir and Éowyn. Diamond had very little to say, but she had clung to him tightly the whole time. Pippin described the whole event for them. "I wasn't really frightened. Those two were not really evil; after Ringwraiths, Orcs and renegade Wizards and Dark Lords, I think I might be a judge of evil. They are only dirty and lazy, and Tiny seemed rather obsessed with the idea of the inn he'd lost. I actually think they would have let me go when they got their money. From the way they talked this was the first time they'd ever tried anything like this." He cast a sideways look at Aragorn as he spoke. "If this is a roundabout way of asking me to spare the villains, Pippin, we shall have to wait until the matter comes to trial." But Aragorn gave a half-smile and shook his head. Hobbits. But he'd not have them any other way. Finally, when the two couples were well sated with food and drink, several Guardsmen escorted the four back to the guesthouse, and now, at last he and Diamond-alone. Diamond looked at her husband, as he started to undress. "Pippin." "Yes, love?" "I'm sorry I was so foolish last night." He gave her a lopsided grin. "Tooks are allowed to be foolish. It's in the blood." Braces hanging at his side, he went over and put his arms around her. "It's quite all right. I had been neglecting you." He gave her a little kiss on the forehead, and then smiled into her eyes. "Those wretches never thought to search me, by the way, or they might just have robbed me and been done with it." He reached into his pocket and drew forth his hand, opening it to her curious gaze. A golden chain, with three pear-shaped diamonds suspended from it lay there. Stunned, she picked it up. "It was meant to be a bracelet, I suppose, for some fine Lady of the Big Folk. But I think that it will look very nice around your lovely neck." He bent and kissed the side of that neck, and then they were in one another's arms. And all was right with the world once more.