choke, he was the last to finish, taking his time, and sometimes just dipping it into the sauce and licking it off without a bite. He'd always been one who loved to play with his food as much as to eat it, and this food was perfect for that. "I have to say, Merry," Frodo said, when he had finally finished his, "this is a most remarkable discovery! I wonder who would ever have thought to try eating one of these, though? They are so formidable looking!" Everyone laughed, and Sam said, "I wonder would these grow in the Shire?" "Master Elrond had a very few plants in the garden at Rivendell," Strider said. "They took a good deal of pampering even in the mildest of winters. But once established they bore year after year, though never very prolifically." Sam nodded thoughtfully. "I suppose I could give it a try. Mayhap I could cover them over in the winter, like asparagus." "It would certainly be worth a try, even if we only ever grew enough for one such feast as this," said Frodo thoughtfully. I was delighted to see the look of determination spring up on Sam's face, and I knew that he'd see to it that he grew some of them for Frodo, no matter how much work it was. We talked for a while, discussing some of the things that had been going on in the camp, and hearing the latest news from Faramir in the City, when Strider gave an exclamation! "The sand has run out, Pippin, and I never noticed. It is time for your draught, and for you, Sam and Frodo to retire." Pippin made a face, but did not otherwise complain, as he drank down the unpleasant draught. The Big Folk left, though I could tell they had only gone so far as just outside. I helped Pippin into his bed, and then turned to tuck up Frodo and Sam. I'd been doing that since they first wakened. It made Sam blush furiously, and he would always object, but I did it anyway. It was fun to watch him turn red. Frodo suffered my attentions with a sly murmur of "Thank you, sprout." That made me blush, as it was a reminder of my childhood when Frodo had always tucked me in. And I wasn't going to object to his using my baby-name. He was alive, and he could call me any names he wanted. I turned to make sure Pip was covered, and dropped a kiss on his forehead. He was already sleepy from the draught. "I'll be back in a few minutes, Pip." "Wish I could have a smoke and a sniff of air," he muttered. But he was already asleep by the time I went outside to join Gandalf, Strider and Gimli for a brief evening pipe. Legolas had left to "go check on Arod", his usual excuse to get away from the scent of pipeweed. Our supply of leaf from Isengard was low, so we kept it quick. Better a short smoke once in a while than no smoke at all. I soon left the others and went back into the tent. I checked on Frodo and Sam, and then on Pippin. I was tempted to crawl in beside him, but I had promised Strider that I would take my rest in my own cot—he thought I did not sleep soundly enough when I was by Pippin, since I feared to hurt him if I moved in my sleep. I felt quite pleased with myself. Often I had felt I did not contribute enough to the efforts that had been made during and after the War, but last night I felt as though I had accomplished something with my foraging, and especially in finding a new and unusual food that everyone had enjoyed. I hoped that I could find more of those, and perhaps some other new and exotic food that my cousins and Sam could enjoy. And I did not forget the location of those strawberries…a week? Ten days? I would check on them often—it would not do for the birds to get at them before I could. Good heavens! I have been writing for quite a while! I am sure that the others are awake by this time. Sure enough, the King's cousin Éothain pokes his head into the tent. "Holdwine! Are you still here? The Ringbearer was asking after you just a few moments ago!" I slip down from my cushioned chair and roll up the pages I have been writing upon. I know that Éomer King will not begrudge me them, and I would like to have these notes to refer to. I am certain that I will once more have the chance to prepare artichokes sometime. *End Notes I had the bunny for this story at once when I received my prompt words. However in researching it, I discovered it was unlikely that artichokes would be at the harvestible stage that early in the year. Since the bunny would not go away, and Merry insisted his encounter with the strange veggie took place at Cormallen, I can only conclude that this was a strain peculiar to Ithilien, one which was ready to eat far earlier than other sorts. Also, the explanation for the name "artichokes" is a bit of false folk etymology; the name actually comes from the Arabic. But I thought the popular myth would be suitable for Middle-earth. The recipe I used here is one that I must confess I have never personally tried. (I have cooked and eaten artichokes in the conventional manner.) It came from an excellent book called The Magic of Fire: Hearth Cooking, One Hundred Recipes for the Fireplace and Campfire by William Rubel. It is filled with delightful information about cooking with real fire, and is a marvelous resource for anyone who writes fic set in a time and place when cooking would have been done with woodfire.