turned around to see the front lawn quite bare of young hobbits, and began to seek. Sam was easily found behind the rain barrel, and Pimmie and Pervinca were behind the bayberry bush near the front gate. Pearl was hiding behind the well. Merry took much longer to find, as he seldom hid in the same places all the time. Finally Frodo called out his surrender. "I give up, Merry!" he shouted. It was still a moment or two before Merry came out from behind the garden shed door. "Well," said Frodo, "you are the Seeker now!" The children had returned to the front garden, when Pearl gave a small shriek. "Where are they?" she wailed. "Who?" asked Frodo. "Marisu and Pippin!" she exclaimed, a desperate note in her voice. "Didn't they go indoors with your mother?" asked Frodo. "I thought they did." "No!" She looked around wildly. "They were on the blanket. I told Marisu to watch Pippin!" Frodo resisted grabbing her and shaking her. It would only frighten her and would not find them, but he could not help wondering how she could have been so reckless as to tell a faunt to watch a baby! "They went to hide too!" said Vinca. She could remember only too well that it had not been so very long since they thought her too young to play such games. Of course Marisu wanted to play too, and she would take Pippin with her. It's what she would have done if it had been her. "Well, we'd better seek for them, then," said Frodo. He was not too alarmed. After all, what could happen in Bag End's garden. He turned a gimlet eye on Pearl. "Pearl, you need to go and tell your mother what happened." Pearl blanched, but gave a shamefaced nod, and entered the smial. Frodo and the rest of the youngsters fanned out across Bag End's grounds, calling out: "Marisu! Where are you?" while Merry threw in an occasional "Pippin!" as though the baby would be able to answer. When no answer came, Frodo began to be anxious. He was relieved to see the adults come out of the hole and join in the search. Gandalf did not call out, but stood quietly with both hands on his staff. "Frodo! Where did you say you first found Marisu?" "Of course! The lilac bush!" All of them raced around to the back, Merry reaching it first, followed by Eglantine. Merry peered into the hollow between the bush and the smial . He looked around. "Well, there's Pip!" He started to go under the bush, but Gandalf held him back. "Merry, look carefully when you go in, to see what you can see." Merry nodded, and then went in. He scooped up his little cousin, who gurgled and reached up to pull his curls. Merry paid no attention, but looked very carefully at the soft dirt beneath his feet. He looked up at the faces peering at him. "I see her footprints," he said, for her little bare feet left prints far different than those of hobbit feet, "she was here! But she isn't anymore." As if the others could not see this fact for themselves. "Do her footprints come out?" asked Gandalf. Merry looked once more, and shook his head. "Uh-uh. I don't see any. I might have stepped on them when I came in, though." "That's quite all right, Merry-lad. Bring Pippin out with you now." Merry placed Pippin into Eglantine's waiting arms. "Perhaps we should search a little longer," said Gandalf, "although I do not believe we will find her. I think she has gone as mysteriously as she came. That did, indeed, prove to be the case. Paladin was relieved, for it meant he did not have to write to the Thain. Bilbo was also relieved, for it meant that she was probably back with her family and he would not have to tell Frodo that they could not take her in. Eglantine was sad, and so was Bell, for they had grown quite fond of her-and the children felt the same. They never knew whence she came or where she went. xxxxx EPILOGUE Geoffrey jumped with startlement as his baby sister suddenly reappeared in her playpen. At fifteen, his parents thought he was old enough to watch her for a day while they travelled to the funeral of an elderly relative that Geoff had never met. He'd spent a few hours on the computer playing games until he got bored. Then he'd taken out the old book a friend had given him. It was supposed to be a book of magic spells, but most of them were rather useless: spells to take off warts or insure a good crop of turnips or to make hair grow on a bald man. But one had looked interesting: a spell to open a portal to another world. He wouldn't mind seeing another world! He'd been shocked when his baby sister had vanished instead of him, so he'd been frantically trying to get her back for hours. He repeated the spell, but nothing happened. He'd searched for another, and had no luck. He had begun to panic, imagining as he tried to tell his parents how Mary Sue had disappeared without a trace. The police would come. No one would believe him. If they did a lie detector test, and it showed he wasn't lying, they would think him crazy! Nearly weeping with frustration, he had tried just once more, this time reciting the little cantrip backwards. There she was, grinning up at him, saying "Pip! Pip! Pip!" He picked her up and hugged her. Then he noticed she had no shoes and was wearing a cloth diaper... xxxxx *"Stones" is a popular game in "my" Shire, in which children take a handful of small stones, anywhere from four to eight depending on the child's skill level, and toss them up to catch on the back of their hands.