on either side, so that it could be placed across the lap and make a comfortable table. Frodo's eyes grew large at the sight of the bounty: there was toast, made of bread baked with cinnamon and raisins, lightly buttered, and with more cinnamon sprinkled atop it; there was a coddled egg, with some sort of creamy sauce, fragrant with herbs; there was a small bowl of oatmeal, swirled with honey, and drizzled with melted butter and cream; there were two rashers of bacon, crisp and brown; on a small plate were slices of cold melon and some grapes and strawberries. In addition there was a tumbler of juice, orange in color, and very cold. A candied cherry floated atop the juice. To one side of the tray was another plate, stacked with several more slices of the lovely toast. A second servant entered, with another smaller tray, bearing a teapot and several cups. He placed the tray on the night table, and with a deep bow to the King, and a nod to the pheriannath, the two servants withdrew. "Oh my!" exclaimed Frodo softly. "I don't know if I could possibly eat all this by myself!" Pippin grinned. "Eat what you will, cousin! We'll help!" He ducked and laughed as Merry aimed a swat at the back of his head. "Shall I pour?" he said, moving over to the table where the teapot stood. Merry smiled. "Anyway, that's what the extra toast's for." He reached over and took a slice. Aragorn shook his head amused. He had learned early on that hobbits considered it very poor manners to allow someone to eat alone, and would always nibble on something to "keep them company", so he did not refuse when Pippin passed him a cup of tea, nor when Sam offered him a slice of the toast. It would be more than enough of a breakfast for himself, and he knew the other three hobbits would go down soon enough to a "proper breakfast" for themselves, as soon as they were assured that Frodo was properly nourished. At first Frodo merely picked at the food, but after a few bites he began to eat more enthusiastically, occasionally offering a bit of fruit to one of the others, who nibbled at their toast, and talked lightly of what they would do when they went home. Frodo said little, but listened, and smiled just a little, and soon had finished nearly every bite. There was a slight rap on the edge of the open door, and all looked up to see Gandalf standing there, smiling, a twinkle in his dark eyes. But he said gruffly, "My Lord King Elessar, your Steward awaits your presence. You have too much to do today to waste time lollygagging about with this lot." He turned a stern eye on Merry, Pippin and Sam. "And you three had better make your way to the kitchen if you want your own breakfasts! The cooks have better things to do than to be awaiting the whims of a lot of hobbits!" Pippin hopped down at once from his perch at the edge of Frodo's bed, and Sam did so a bit more slowly, but Merry just gave Gandalf a cool look from under a raised brow. "None of your sauce, Mister Brandybuck! I will stay with your cousin." Aragorn stood and said, "Mustn't keep my Steward waiting. I will check on you after luncheon Frodo. But I expect you to rest today!" He turned to look at Pippin. "Sir Peregrin, you had best make haste if you intend to have another breakfast, for I expect you to attend on me in one hour; and Sir Meriadoc, I am quite certain that Éomer King will be expecting you as well." He strode from the room and Merry and Pippin scrambled to follow him. Sam followed a bit more slowly, and looking back at Frodo said, "You keep warm now, Mr. Frodo. And have another cup of tea!" As he passed Gandalf, he whispered loudly "You keep an eye on him, now, sir." The wizard chuckled. "Of course, Samwise! Now move along with you or that Took will have left nothing for you!" After Sam left, Gandalf shut the door. He crossed the room to the nightstand, and poured out a cup of tea for himself, and then turning, he removed the tray from the bed, and poured another cup for Frodo. "The stars forbid that I should not follow the orders of Lord Samwise the Brave!" he said as he handed it to Frodo, before sitting down in the chair that Aragorn had vacated. Frodo took a sip, sighed, and leaned his head back against the pillows. "I do wish that everyone would not make such a fuss over me. I am so sorry for what happened last night. I did not wish to spoil the coronation feast." Gandalf placed his large and gentle hand atop Frodo's head. "My dear Frodo! You have not been long recovered from your ordeal-" privately, as he studied the pale face, he thought that perhaps the Ringbearer had not recovered at all. That hint of translucence he had noted once in Rivendell seemed even more pronounced now. "-and yesterday was a long and busy one for you. And then to remember your own long-ago grief on top of that, well, it is only to be expected you should react so!" "Still, it was exceedingly embarrassing." Frodo closed his eyes. Gandalf had begun to gently smooth the dark curls. "Have I ever told you the tale of how I first encountered hobbits?" Without waiting for an answer, he began to talk, in a soft and soothing tone, of those long days past, and his discovery of the Shirefolk, and their gentle and simple way of life. Slowly, Frodo drifted into a deep and untroubled dream of his home. "Rest well, my friend," murmured Gandalf. "Your parents would have been exceedingly proud of you…" The End