Cado and Vinca on the other side of Clovis. Pimmie turned and said something too, and now both the brothers were pale and looked discomfited. Once they were seated, however, Merry put the Bankses out of his mind. The servants began to bring the food, and it was delicious and varied. There was creamy carrot soup, and roast beef with mashed parsnips, and warm yeasty rolls of bread, and stuffed mushrooms and several other delights as well. Pudding was an apple crumble, and for filling up the corners there were plates of cheeses, pickles and savoury wafers. Frodo found himself sated long before the filling up of corners stage was reached. He sipped lightly of the excellent elderberry wine that was being served to the adults, and listened politely to the reminiscences of the two elderly hobbitesses. They had been good friends of his mother, and it was a bittersweet pleasure to hear their stories of her youth. For a moment his mind wandered to Pippin, and he swept his eye over that table. His gaze briefly landed on the Banks brothers; he still was half-convinced that Paladin and Eglantine should have been informed of the incident, but he would honour Pippin's wishes in spite of his misgivings. The meal ended, and the hobbits began to leave the pavilion and head out into the now-starlit evening to the sounds of the musicians warming up their instruments for the dancing. Frodo spotted Cado and Clovis. They seemed to be lurking behind one of the poles holding up the pavilion, and he wondered what mischief they might be plotting now. He went over to them, and the guilty expressions they turned to him steeled his resolve to speak to them. "I know what you did to Pippin in town this afternoon. It was not a joke and it was not funny; do not try to tell me that it was. I will be keeping my eyes open while I am here, and I expect the two of you to give Pippin a wide berth. Do you understand me?" Clovis gave a sullen nod, and Cado squeaked out a barely audible "Yes, sir." Frodo treated them to another moment of his silent gaze, and then giving a satisfied nod, he walked away. An instant later, the two brothers, who were trying to avoid being seen by anyone , saw Pearl coming in their direction. They bolted. The music had started now, and sets of dancers had begun to form in the wide space between the pavilions. The first dance was "The Happy Hob", and it was a vigorous and breathless dance. Merry danced with Pimpernel and Pippin with Pervinca. This was followed by "Circle of Joy". This was one of Frodo's favorites, and he found himself in the circle between Pearl and another hobbitess he did not know. He partnered Aunt Primrose in "Exchanges" and then dropped out of the dancing to just watch. He soon found himself at the mercy of several young hobbits clamoring for a story, so he sat down upon the gnarled root of an old oak tree and began to tell the exciting tale of the Great Eagle Thorondor, and how he had helped the Elf Fingon to rescue his cousin Maedhros from the evil Lord of Angband. He glanced up to notice that Merry and Pippin had joined the crowd of hobbits at his feet. He was getting tired. "One more story," he said. "Just one!" "Tell us one about Gandalf!" cried Pippin. Frodo thought for a moment, and then grinned, and told the story of Gandalf's first meeting with the Old Took, who was not so very old at the time, and was engaged in a bit of tweenaged mischief for good measure! He left the group of youngsters laughing, and began to make his way to the Smials. He was unsurprised to find Merry and Pippin rushing to catch him up. Merry was probably just as tired as he was—they had both set off early, after all. Pippin seemed to be full of energy, hopping about and running ahead only to stop and watch impatiently. But Frodo was sure that he had to be exhausted as well after such a busy day. They followed Frodo to his room, and Pippin asked "Can we stay with you tonight, Frodo?" Frodo was mildly surprised. They had mostly outgrown asking to sleep with him; Merry especially thought he was too old for that now. But he truly did not mind, as it reminded him of when they were younger. Still, they did not have as much time together as they once had now that Frodo was Master of Bag End. He nodded. Merry went to fetch his and Pippin's nightshirts and dressing gowns, and Pippin went into the room with Frodo. "Thank you for not telling on Cado and Clovis, Frodo. I really think they were just joking. And it would have made Mother so upset!" "It was not a funny joke, then, Pippin. They could have hurt you badly." "I was a little bit scared," he admitted. Frodo knew that if his little cousin was admitting to that much, that he had been far more than a "little bit" scared, but he didn't say anything, and Pippin, looking to change the subject, picked up the book that Frodo had unpacked. He looked at it curiously. "This looks interesting. Would you read some of it to us?" "Anything to avoid sleep, Pip?" Frodo asked with a chuckle. He grinned at Pip's pleading face. "Yes, you insatiable Took, I will read a little bit of it tonight." Merry returned with the nightshirts, and soon all three were tucked up in Frodo's bed, the lamp lit and the Moon glowing through the window. "It was the first day of Halimath in the year 928 when I drove my cart East on the Great Road, heading for Bree with a cartload of Buckland's finest apple brandy and produce from the Marish…"