one he had before! Convinced he'd guessed aright, he turned and made his way down to the now-empty quarters of the Son of the Hall. He went in; even though most of the furniture was still there, the rooms still had a vacant feel to them. He quietly made his way to the door that had led to his old room, and tapped on the door. There was no answer, and Frodo knocked once more. "Frodo? Is that you?" came a subdued voice. "Yes, Merry. I'm coming in." He suited action to words, leaving the door wide open, as he knew only too well that the room would be dark. His cousin lay on the bare mattress of Frodo's old bed, his left arm flung over his head. Merry moved his arm, and then winced at the faint light coming in through the open door. Frodo strolled over to the bed and sat down next to him. Merry pulled himself up on his elbows and looked at Frodo. "I should have known you'd find me here." "It just seemed you might be here. If it makes you feel any better it wasn't the first place I looked." Merry's mouth twisted into a brief wry smile. "That's something anyway." Then he sat up and flung himself at his cousin, "Frodo! I've disgraced myself and been a fool! I thought she wanted...she doesn't love me at all." Frodo gave him a firm embrace, and then held him back by the shoulders, and looked into Merry's sad face. "No, I am sure she does not. Merry, Ivy is far too young to know her own mind. And I know that you kissed her." Even in the dim light he could see the flush tinting Merry's cheeks. "How? I didn't tell anyone, I know better than that!" "She told us herself," said Frodo. Now his expression was one of indignant betrayal. " 'Us'?" he asked warily. "Your mother, myself, your Aunt Linda, Berilac and Sancho, at breakfast. She said you stole a kiss, and that she slapped you." "Frodo, I won't be able to look my mother in the eye! But really, I thought Ivy wanted me to kiss her. She stood really close and looked up at me, and that's what, well, someone else did last year when she wanted us to kiss, so I thought..." "I think your mother knows you well enough to understand that you did not intend to offend. And sadly, she blames Ivy for leading you on." Merry sighed. "Well, she did and she didn't. That is, sometimes I thought she liked me, and then she would act like she couldn't bear me to be around her. It was very confusing." He shook his head. "I hope she's not in too much trouble. I suppose it's not her fault I misunderstood." Frodo smiled and gave Merry a squeeze of the shoulders. "It's never well-done to blame the lass when things like this happen." He was proud that Merry was willing to shoulder the blame. Merry nodded. "I don't suppose I can stay in here for the rest of my life?" "No, Merry, you cannot." "I guess I should apologise to her. Do you think if I do she might change her mind about me?" Frodo suppressed a chuckle. "Yes, an apology would be a good thing. But if I were you, I would not hope for her to change her mind. She might-and then change it again, and then where would you be?" Merry gave Frodo a long look, and then nodded his head reluctantly. "I wonder if I will ever find a lass who won't change her mind about me?" "I am quite sure that one day you will find the perfect lass for you." Merry looked glumly skeptical at this optimistic prediction, but he seldom contradicted Frodo outright. Frodo shook his head. "Let's go to the pump in the kitchen, and you can wash, and then we shall go down and face the dragons." "The dragons?" "Your mother, your aunt, and Miss Ivy." "Oh." Esmeralda, Linda and Ivy were still at the breakfast table, although the dishes had been cleared away. They looked up as Frodo and Merry entered the room. Ivy, who was looking very subdued, flushed. Frodo stood behind Merry with his hand on his cousin's shoulder. Merry took a deep breath. "Miss Ivy, I am very sorry that I presumed to give you unwanted attentions. I thought...well, anyway, I am sorry. I hope that you will forgive me." He looked down at his toes and his shoulders slumped in dejection. Ivy stared at him for a long moment. Linda cleared her throat. "I do forgive you, Merry. And I am sorry as well, that I may have given you the impression I would allow you to kiss me." Merry looked up then, and nodded. Just then, as if to complete his humiliation, his stomach chose that moment to rumble loudly. He turned redder than ever. Frodo looked over at Esmeralda, and then said, "You've had no breakfast yet, nor have I, and it's nearly time for second breakfast. Why don't we go on down to the dining hall and be first to find our plates?" Merry looked up at him gratefully and nodded. As they sat down with their plates full: sausage, bacon, mushrooms, grilled tomatoes and toast, Merry set to his food with eagerness. He finally stopped briefly to take a sip of his tea. "Frodo?" "Yes, Merry?" "I think I am going to swear off lasses at least until I come of age!" Frodo nodded solemnly. "That might be a good idea, cousin," he said judiciously. He wondered how many times he would hear that from him before Merry turned thirty-three. -oo000oo- *The death of Rorimac Brandybuck canonically took place in S.R. 1408, when Merry was 26 and Frodo was 40. I described that event in my story "Cousin Calla". This story takes place in the autumn of that same year.