down and took his foot-brush to his feet. He had the little room assigned to the pages all to himself- the others were already down in the kitchen getting ready to do their jobs. He tucked the handkerchief Elanor had embroidered for him with his initials, into his pocket, and then headed for his father's guest room in the hobbit wing. Frodo was not even halfway there when he met his father coming in his direction. Sam grinned at him, and took Frodo-lad's elbow as they turned and went to the feast hall. "Where is Mr. Hornblower?" asked Frodo. "He went to dinner down to Foregate. Turns out him and Mayor Sandheaver are fourth cousins on their mothers' sides, so they got some catching up to do." Soon they were seated at the High Table. His father sat to the King's left hand, and Frodo sat the other side of his father. It seemed very strange to be sitting there, and he looked up in startlement, when Tarostar appeared next to him and poured water into his goblet. He looked at the other page and caught his eye, and Tarostar blushed. Frodo noticed that when Taro served the famous Lord Samwise, his hands trembled, though he did not spill anything. The food was plentiful: a huge trout served on a hot plank; roast pheasant from a recent hunting served with roasted parsnips and carrots and mushrooms; a savory pie of mixed meats; hen's eggs, boiled and covered with sausage and then fried ( a receipt, Sam-dad said, as was popular in the Tooklands, and gifted to the cook by Uncle Pippin) ; a soup of summer vegetables; a salad of mixed greens, with cucumbers and tomatoes, sprinkled with chopped herbs (Frodo detected basil and summer savory and parsley) and some vinegar and fine oil. There was fine white bread and brown, and cheeses of all sorts. And for afters, a pastry baked in the shape of a swan and filled with strawberries, bilberries and sweetened cream, as well as some sweets baked in the shape of mushrooms. Frodo found the food delicious and plentiful. He could not understand the complaints of some of the courtiers who had come from the South at the "simple fare" of the Northern Court, but it suited the King, and so the complaints were usually only voiced in front of servants or pages. They were at the stage that hobbits called "filling up the corners", which he and his dad were doing with some of the bread and cheese, when Master Menelcar, the King's Bard came forth to sing. "We are honoured tonight to have with us one of the Ringbearers, and so in his honour, I shall sing a song I composed after the War, to celebrate our pheriannath heroes. I call it ' The Smallest Hands' ." Menelcar began to sing, his voice in no way diminished by his age. Frodo-lad had never heard this one sung before, and he looked on his father once more in pride, to hear him placed alongside all the great heroes of the Ages. Sam-dad's face had that faraway look it often got when he thought of Uncle Frodo, and tears glistened in the brown eyes. And Frodo-lad was filled with love for his father at that moment, and if they had not been sitting there in front of the King and everybody, he would have hugged him as hard as ever he could. The song ended, and Sam-dad took out his pocket handkerchief and blew his nose. The King turned, and put a hand on his shoulder, and got a smile in return. Then he leaned around to speak to Frodo. "Frodo, your father reminded me of something today. I should have realised how much you would miss working in a garden. From now on, you shall have one day a week in which to do so, starting tomorrow." Oh! He was so happy he nearly could not speak for a moment, and then he said, "Oh thank you , Sire!" The King and his father laughed, and the Queen bent one of her lovely smiles upon him, and Frodo felt that it was a fitting ending to one of the best days he'd had since coming to Annúminas. He had seen his father off the next morning, with many messages for his mother and sibs and friends in the Shire, and then dressed in sturdy but worn work clothes, he had gone in search of Mr. Thistlewool, the head gardener, to find out what needed doing. And now, he was happily trimming the verge about the fountain in the very same garden where he and his father had picnicked the day before, whistling a cheery tune. He stopped a moment, as he heard another song. " Filip filip filip codidio codidio quitquiquit tittit tittit tereret tereret tereret , !" Frodo grinned up at the throstle in the poplar. He felt quite as blithe and happy as the bird did. xxxxxxxxxx A/N: Information on the throstle (or song thrush) came from the Wikipedia entry on the Song Thrush, and on the Birds of Britain site . "The Song Thrush (Turdus philomelos) is a thrush that breeds across much of Eurasia. It is also known in English dialects as throstle or mavis." "The Song Thrush has a short, sharp tsip call, replaced on migration by a thin high seep, similar to the Redwing's call but shorter. The alarm call is a chook-chook becoming shorter and more strident with increasing danger. The male's song, given from trees, rooftops or other elevated perches, is a loud clear run of musical phrases, repeated two to four times, filip filip filip codidio codidio quitquiquit tittit tittit tereret tereret tereret, and interspersed with grating notes and mimicry. It is given mainly from February to June by the Outer Hebridean race, but from November to July by the more widespread subspecies. For its weight, this species has one of the loudest bird calls."