appearance hadn't also riled the wraiths as well. "Dra-," the chubby one stuttered. "Dra-," The golden-haired one said. He appeared to be the youngest. " Dragon. Thou dost have a most inopportune sense of timing." The tallest wraith stepped forward. His shrouded head was also protected by an iron helm decorated with spikes. The dragon gave the hobbits a dangerous grin before turning and facing the wraith. The dragon was the size of a horse and was black as night, his scales gleaming under the light of the moon. They shimmered with a dark opalescence, and the color of it niggled against Pippin's mind for some reason. His eyes were gleaming gold, the pupils slitted like a cat's and wide in the darkness. His legs were long and his paws tipped in shiny black talons that were curved and wicked-looking. The dragon was very thin, almost skeletal looking, and his long tail was swishing languidly behind him as he hunched his shoulders to prepare for an attack. "Witch-king. Still sucking Sauron's cock?" The dragon asked cheekily. The hobbits were quite surprised not only to hear the dragon speak the Dark Lord's name, but to address the wraith as though it knew it. The Witch-King of Angmar let out an unearthly shriek and made a motion with his hands. The other four wraiths attacked the dragon, ghostly pale swords glimmering in the moonlight. The dragon danced and twirled like a top as his claws glittered and struck out at the wraiths. The tallest wraith stepped around the fight, advancing on the hobbits. Sam moved forward clutching his blade. "Back, you devil!" he said, striking out with the short dagger. The Witch-king laughed and bandied the little fool back. The other two just stared at him in horror and he shoved them aside roughly. This one. This last one held what he sought. The Halfling took a few steps back from him and stumbled quite spectacularly. He could almost see the influence of the Ring taking the creature. Yes, yes….put it on. Draw the Eye to you, little one. And he did. The Ring was on the foul little creature's hand! His Master's Ring…just there. Right within reach. His hand lowered slightly to take it, a grin on his ghostly face. With a yelp of effort the lad pulled his hand back. Impressive Will, this one. But it angered the Witch-King. He drew the Morgul Blade from within his cloak and stabbed downwards into the hobbit's shoulder. Then he saw fire. He felt fire. He tasted fire. The dragon had gotten tired of whirling about with the other wraiths and had used that fantastic breath on them. Now there was another creature there, a Man with a sword and a flaming brand. The brand had been touched against his cloak and now the flames licked at him. He fled. "Strider!" Sam called, looking down at the wound on Frodo's shoulder. The Ranger knelt down next to Frodo, examining the wound. He picked up the dagger that had been used to wound him. "He has been stabbed with a Morgul Blade," he said softly. The blade disintegrated and he cast aside the handle with distaste. "I can do little for him. He needs Elvish medicine." Strider said. "We're still six days from Rivendell. He'll never make it!" Sam argued. "Pardon me, sirs. You have a problem." They all whirled around to see the black dragon sitting calm-as-you-please against the old stones, his long tail wrapped around him and tapping gently at the ground. Strider seemed to notice the beast for the first time. "Naurlam…" he said softly. The dragon seemed to grin a bit. Strider noticed a long pale scar across the dragon's face, going from the top of its head down between its eyes and beneath its left eye. "Your pony holds supplies. I can hold hobbit," he said. His voice was thick and accented and it appeared to be of great effort just to speak. Strider noticed from the few words he had spoken that he seemed only to be able to get out four words per sentence before he had to pause. "I won't have Master Frodo being hauled around by the likes of a dragon!" Sam yelled, brandishing his blade again. Naurlam threw back his head and laughed. "You are all lucky. I am feeling benevolent," he said, standing to his feet and approaching them. Sam swung the sword in warning. "Mister Gamgee. This dragon is trustworthy. Lower your blade," Strider said with authority. Sam looked at the Ranger and then at the dragon. "What kind of world do we live in where Dragons are trustworthy ?" Sam exclaimed. "A weird one. We can argue...or we can go." Naurlam said, moving gracefully up next to Strider who had picked up Frodo. Strider noticed criss crossing scars across Naurlam's back, right between his wings. The wounds would have had to be quite deep to scar the tough dragon hide, even the more tender flesh between his wings. Strider sighed softly as he thought about the injustices that Naurlam had suffered. But then he settled the young Hobbit onto his back and they were on their way to Rivendell, making very good time with their scaly steed holding Frodo and trusty Bill holding the supplies. Naurlam did not seem to mind being a beast of burden too much, and even hummed a bit as they walked. It did wonders to decrease the nervousness of the Hobbits. Naurlam even thought they might have arrived at Rivendell earlier than expected had the Ring-wraiths not decided to try their specific brand of douche-fuckery again. Well that was fun! I hope you've been caught neatly in my net. (Or Jedi Mend-tricked into reading. Lol) I hope you drop me a line to let me know if this is to your liking. I'll probably continue either way, but it's always a nice gesture to know that a work is appreciated, especially if the work is non-profit.