they have one in their toils, then they seem to think that tormenting their suitors is a way to see how strong their hold is over their swains." "I was a fool, Frodo. But she's so beautiful." Frodo shrugged. "At your age that's important, Merry. But a kind heart is where true beauty lies." Merry sighed. "I think I shall just give up on lasses until I come of age." Frodo laughed, clasping at his chest, because laughter was painful. "How many times have you resolved that over the last two years?" Merry blushed. They spent two days in a similar manner, mostly sleeping and eating in the little guest room. Merry was soon up, and when Frodo slept, would go and help Goldberry in the kitchen or around her house. The third day Goldberry allowed Frodo to get out of bed. He walked slowly into the homely kitchen, leaning heavily on Merry. He was given a cushioned stool to sit upon, and allowed to sit there and pare a few potatoes as Merry bustled to help their hostess to prepare luncheon. It felt good to be doing something useful. It was nearly ready when they heard Tom returning, his song coming clearly through to them as he came into the house. Goldberry threw off her apron and rushed into the other room to greet him. And then they heard other unexpected voices tendering greetings to the lady of the house. Merry and Frodo stared at one another, then with a joyful shout of "Da! Grand-da!" Merry bolted from the kitchen to greet them. Frodo moved more carefully, supporting himself by placing a hand on the tables, chairs and shelves that he passed along the way. He was puzzled—there had been a third voice besides that of Uncle Rory and Uncle Saradoc, a vaguely familiar voice. He entered Tom's front room, and then stopped, leaning against the doorjamb, an expression of horror on his face. "Farmer Maggot!" he said hoarsely. "Why, Mr. Baggins!" said that worthy. "You don't look too well!" Merry rushed over to him, and assisted him to a nearby chair. "I'm sorry, Frodo! You should not have walked so far without me!" Frodo felt relieved. The Farmer showed no sign of recognizing him as the mushroom thief of nearly two decades before. Perhaps he had forgotten after all these years. Saradoc placed an arm around Merry's shoulders. "Come with me, son. We'll see to the waggon ponies, and I'll have a few words with you…" Merry winced, but did not object as his father led him out. Uncle Rory came over to Frodo, who looked up at him in surprise at seeing him here. His uncle was nearly a hundred-and-seven, and though his mind was as sharp as ever, he spent most of his time by Aunt Gilda's side, for her health had been very bad. "Frodo," he said, "Merry wasn't the only one to do something foolish." Frodo started to speak, but Rory held up a hand and shook his head. "Hear me out, lad. I know you are an adult now, but you've still a long way to go before you catch up to me. You thought if you could bring Merry home before we learned what he'd done, you'd spare him some trouble and embarrassment." Frodo nodded. "It's Merry," he said. Rory smiled. "And you've always indulged him. But there's something more, Frodo. Ever since you can remember you have been Merry's hero. In his eyes you can do no wrong. It's only natural that you wish to bolster that opinion by running to his rescue, be his hero again." Frodo looked up at his uncle in surprise. For years he had thought that his Brandybuck family could never understand him as well as Bilbo had. But in this case his Uncle Rory understood him all too well." "You are a good hobbit, Frodo, but you need to think of yourself once in a while." Rory smiled and leaned over to drop a kiss on his nephew's forehead. Rory took a seat, for he was very tired. Frodo worried over him—this was a long trip at his age. He glanced over by the hearth, where Farmer Maggot sat with Tom and Goldberry, chatting as though to an old friend. In a few moments Saradoc and Merry returned, Merry looking very chastened, yet somewhat lighter of heart. After a luncheon of potato soup, bread, cheese, butter and honey, Frodo was bundled up in blankets and escorted out to the waggon that the others had arrived in. Goldberry gave Saradoc several vials of medicine and instruction on their use. Tom guided them out, and they arrived at Brandy Hall in time for tea. They had arrived in time for Yule, but Frodo had suffered a little setback from the waggon ride home, and had to spend it in bed; and Merry was unable to enjoy the festivities. He spent the evening of First Yule waiting on Frodo hand and foot, though that was no hardship to him; Second Yule was to be spent in the kitchen scrubbing pots, which was. "Berilac told me that Uncle Merimac sent Ivy home to her parents in disgrace," said Merry. "Good!" was Frodo's response. It was the last time that subject came up between them. xxxxx *Four furlongs are about half a mile. **Tom's song and parts of the paragraph following are adapted slightly from FotR, Chapter VI, "The Old Forest" . AUTHOR'S NOTES: My thanks to Fiondil for providing the Quenya phrase for the refrain to my song! Here are his notes on the translation of the phrase— "Come ye waters, Ulmo calls you to the Sea" Á tulë le neni, Ulmo yaleldë ëarenna. Á tule: Imperative of 'to come'. le: you (plural) neni: waters (plural of nén) yaleldë: calls-he-you (plural) ëarenna: toward the sea In speaking this phrase _yaleldë_ is shortened to _yaleld'_ as the final vowel is assimilated into the initial vowel of the next word. Fiondil