what had happened. When he informed Aragorn of this, the man nodded. "After about an hour of walking, you fell quickly to the poison. I thought resting would do some good so we stopped at a nearby cave. The one we always used when we were younger." Legolas nodded. "Aye, I remember. Go on." "You were fevered and I went looking for something to help slow the poison down or help break the fever and as I was crushing up the plants you started..talking.." Legolas lifted an eyebrow. "Did I now? And what exactly did I say?" Aragorn's heart felt torn between telling the truth or making something up quickly on the spot. He faltered for a second and before Legolas could pick up on the inner battle Elladan rushed through the door. "The king has arrived." Legolas looked apologetically at Aragorn and stood up. He stood for a moment catching his balance and followed Elladan out slowly but gaining more confidence and strength with each step. He controlled his thoughts and emotions and by the time he entered the room where his father and Lord Elrond sat, no one could tell he would have rather turned and ran the other way. "Hello, father," Legolas said bowing his head slightly. King Thurandil stood, his face showing no expression. "Come Legolas and sit. We should talk," his father's voice was hard as rock but still betrayed no emotion. Elrond stood and with a bow politely said, "I take my leave. Please use the room for as long as you require it." Elrond left closing the doors behind him and Legolas strode over to the chair and sat. He was now alone with one of the only things he feared. ~~*~~ Legolas put one foot in the stirrup of his horse and hoisted himself over with a bit of difficulty. His father was already on his steed and with a wave of his arm, the small group of elves that came with him started out. Legolas gently urged his horse forward. It was going to be long trip back to Mirkwood and with every step Legolas would wish the earth could swallow him whole. He hadn't gotten far when he heard Aragorn yelling his name. He turned the horse around and saw the ranger running at him. "What is it Aragorn?" Aragorn paused to catch his breath and replied, "Legolas..that day you..when you were fevered.." Legolas' face twisted into a puzzled expression. "What about it?" Aragorn stood there, panting for breath. He licked his lips. He didn't know if he could do this. "Legolas! Come we must be on our way!" the kings' steel voice rang out over the courtyard and Legolas grimaced and turned his horse back around. "Legolas wait!" Aragorn cried out jogging along the trotting horse. "I have to go Aragorn, I cannot-" "I'M THE FOOL!" Aragorn yelled as he fell behind, "I'M THE FOOL!" Legolas twisted in his saddle and began to ask by the name of Valar what he meant when he let out a gasp and accidently jerked the reins. The horse whinnied and stopped and Legolas sat frozen. Legolas blinked and urged the horse to move back to where Aragorn seemed to stand rooted on the stairs. "So you know. I don't expect-" Before Legolas could finish his sentence Aragorn pulled on his tunic, making Legolas lean out from the horse. Aragorn smiled and soon Legolas felt impatient lips against his. Tongue found tongue and within seconds an innocent kiss turned into heated passion. They broke apart, a bit breathless. The world seemed to have stopped while the kiss lasted and Legolas abruptly sat up while Aragorn backed away. Legolas looked towards his father and saw the king sitting there a look of horror on his face. Legolas wasn't sure what to do so he turned to look at Lord Elrond and the twins. They all wore pleasant expressions and he knew them well enough to know that they were happy for them. When he turned back around his father was by his side. "Legolas Greenleaf, Prince and heir to the throne of Mirkwood. You're title is renounced; your birthright taken away. You are no son of mine," Thurandil said anger dripping off every word. Legolas looked at his father straight in the eyes. "So be it," he replied his voice matching the king's. Legolas' head snapped to the opposite side and he left it there, not wanting to watch the king and his small entourage ride out. His eyes met Aragorn's eyes. In them he found sympathy, anger, but most important unconditional love. Legolas was a bit ashamed as his eyes overflowed with tears. Aragorn stepped forward as Legolas dismounted. The elf threw himself into the ranger's open arms. "When did you love me?" Legolas whispered. "From the moment I laid eyes on you." Legolas barely held back a sob and he felt his weakened legs crumble underneath him. Aragorn's arms were there before he could hit the ground. He hid his face in Aragorn's shoulder as the ranger carried him back inside. ~~*~~ "Ada says to take it easy for a few days. He's worried that the stress that you're going to be facing over the next few months will take a toll on you." Legolas looked up from the book he was reading and slowly closed it. "Has the letter-" Aragorn held it out, the king's official seal noticeable on the back. Legolas closed his eyes for a moment before taking it. Instead of reading it, he placed it aside and patted the space on the bed next to him. Aragorn dutifully sat down pulling the elf close to him. "I will rest for a few days, but after that I cannot put anything off anymore." "I know." "What will you do-" "I'll be where I've always been." Legolas smiled and gave the ranger a small kiss. "Where's that?" he said playfully. "Right by your side," Aragorn whispered, returning the kiss. END.