shaped differently. Clouds drifted over dry, yellow land and gathered beside black mountains. A swirling hurricane grew in the sea, while the sun shone brightly. As the planet grew bigger and bigger, it came apparent that she was going to collide with it. She twisted and squirmed, but the planet loomed larger and larger. There was no escape. She held her arms out to embrace it, and entered the atmosphere. To her surprise, she didn't burn up. She fell very slowly. There was no wind. She turned her attention to the world below her. A dark green smudge blossomed in a pool of dull brown, bordered by sharp, white mountains. The green was a forest, she realized. The brown was grassland. The mass of green separated itself into trees, and suddenly, Jessica felt the wind. It began slowly at first, but then it pushed against her, trying in vain to stop her progress. The wind made her eyes water, blinding her. She didn't know until it was too late that she was heading straight for a very tall tree. A great deal of interesting history had occurred in the western part of Middle-earth by the early Second Age, but here in the East, in Fangorn, the world was relatively untouched. An Ent soaked up rainwater and light as he had done for hundreds of years, watching a grove of cantankerous oaks. He had left his duties to drink by the stream, as he did every morning. This morning would be like any other, if a child hadn't have dropped from the sky and onto one of the oldest trees in the grove. The limbs of the tree were sorely damaged its the attempt to catch the child. The child's forehead had speckled the bark of one of the greater limbs with red when it struck. All this the oaks explained to the Ent. Explanations didn't change the fact that the child was motionless, bleeding from a deep gash in her forehead, and that her limbs were bent in far too many ways. Ents know little of children, especially injured ones, so the Ent left in a brisk pace to find some Elves. Luckily, his search was not long. He met the son of his Elven friends, named Ladrengil, who had been visiting Fangorn with his son and another Elf. They were taking their time walking during this bright and cheerful morning and enjoying a chat with the boy, when the Ent found them on the trail and hailed them. "Do you not think it a little unnatural that you walk with such haste?" greeted Ladrengil. "Hoom... no. I found a child; I do not know how to help it." "Where did you find this child?" asked Ladrengil's companion. "My oaks say that she fell from the sky," the Ent paused, "though they are very jolly trees; they may make tales for their merriment. Hoom, the child is broken, I fear." "That is sad news. Lead me there." The Ent lifted them to his shoulders, and strode back south in his strangely hasty fashion. When they reached the spot, flies had already gathered. The child's cushioned face was already disfigured with red, infected pox, and the blood was starting to clot over her head wound, in a feeble attempt at self-preservation. The child's leg lay at an odd angle. Ladrengil turned to the Ent, sighed, and said, "I will take care of this. You can leave if you like. I am certain that you have other things to do." The Ent thought for a second, and slowly strode away. " Daddy, what happened ?" asked his son in Elvish. " I must dig a place for her to sleep ." " She would want to sleep underground ?" " Yes. Run along towards Lothlórien, I will meet you there later ." " Are you sure, Daddy ?" " Yes, Curulaer. If you run fast enough, I will not meet you till Caras Galadhon ." Curulaer grinned at the challenge, and took off at a break-neck speed to the north. Ladrengil looked to his friend and said, " Make certain that he travels in safety ." His friend nodded, and took off after Curulaer. Ladrengil sighed at the unlimited energy of youth, and pulled out a knife. When he was certain that the Ent and his son were no longer in sight, he carefully cut a branch off a tree, taking care not to harm the tree, and sharpened the branch till it could serve as a digging tool. He paused for a second to look at the girl. A deep sorrow in him stirred as he thought of the parents of the dead child. Now that he looked closer, it looked almost as if she was breathing. Puzzled, he reached for her neck to feel for a pulse. As he did, he saw a thin, golden chain. He lightly touched it, and an invisible hand grabbed him by his shirt and threw him back. He struggled to his feet, but tiny, icy cold hands clang onto one of his wrists. He tried to pull himself free, but wherever the hands touched became numb, and the numbness spread into his chest, encircled his heart, and dragged his mind into a dark, icy sea. The last thing he saw before his eyes clouded over was a transparent figure standing over the child. At this precise moment the dead girl awakened and threw up. Author's Note The chapter title is in Adûnaic. The reviewer's guide: Did you understand what was happening? What do you think of the introduced characters? Is the foreshadowing good? Are your Mary Sue alarm bells ringing? If so, why? Does it leave you wanting to read on? What do you expect to happen next? What parts of the prose do you think need to be improved? What grammar or spelling mistakes did you see? Did anything in this chapter bother you while reading it? What did you like about it?