sat huddled miserably, anger, fear and worry on his face and in every line of his posture, both of them casting occasional glares in Aragorn's direction. The King had forbidden them to join in the search. "The last thing we need are two more missing hobbits," he had said firmly. But he did not look any too patient himself, as he waited to hear the reports of the searchers. Young Bergil had been in and out three times with the messages: no sign of the missing yet. Faramir had gone out and then returned, having made some inquiries of his own among the staff of the Citadel. "None have seen them today, sire," he said, shaking his head. "You inquired of everyone?" The Steward nodded, and then stopped, a sudden look of hope on his face. "No! No, I did not. The Archivist does not live in the Citadel, so I've not spoken to him! But I do remember that Frodo expressed an interest in looking among the ancient records. Would Pippin have gone with him?" Merry and Sam exchanged a look. "Yes," said Merry, "if there wasn't anything else to do. He'd want to stay with Frodo." Faramir stepped to the door. "Bergil!" The boy came in. "Yes, sir?" "Do you know where the Archivist lives?" At the child's nod, Faramir said "Run and fetch him, then." xxxxxxx Frodo was fairly sure it was past midnight now. Sam and Merry must be frantic. Pippin's head was in his lap, and as he stroked the chestnut curls, he hummed soothingly, an old Shire melody. It had to be a measure of the pain Pippin was in, that he made no effort to join in. They had driven the rats off three more times. And the first of the lanterns had now burned out. Frodo was anxious, as he noticed the second one began to gutter a little. He didn't think the light would burn till morn-and then they'd not be able to see the rats. In spite of his confident words to Pippin, Frodo began to wonder just how long it would be until they were found. He remembered vividly the frantic search for Pippin, years ago, in similar circumstances. How foolish he'd been to leave no word of where they were going to be! He shifted Pippin's head a bit. If the rats came back he needed a free hand. Suddenly, from the direction of the stairs, they heard a thud, and the groan of hinges-the sound of a door being flung back. "Frodo! Pippin!" "We're here!" Frodo yelled. "Down here!" Pippin sat up with a grin. They could see torches, and hear feet, including rapidly approaching hobbit feet. Merry and Sam burst into the room, followed closely by Aragorn, Faramir, Gandalf, Bergil and the elderly Archivist, who could be heard proclaiming his apologies on the way down. "I had no idea the pheriannath were still down here…" Merry and Sam came up to the table, puzzlement on their faces. "What's happened here?" Merry asked, looking askance at the toppled bench, and the remains of the broken box. "We were taking refuge from rats," Frodo said, arching a brow, and glancing significantly at Pippin before catching Merry's eye. Merry looked at Pippin, who was grinning at him now. But he understood. "Shall we get you down from here?" he asked. "Just a moment," said Aragorn. He walked over and looked at Pippin's red and swollen knee; then he glanced at Frodo's weary and pale face. "I don't think the two of you need to be doing any walking." He reached over and took hold of Pippin's knee. Pippin suppressed a gasp of pain. "You've put a strain on it, but it does not seem that you dislocated it again." He lifted the young hobbit carefully, and turned, putting him into Faramir's waiting arms. Then he turned to Frodo. "I'm fine, Aragorn! I can walk." "No doubt. But you've had nothing to eat, and you are exhausted. Humor me." And he scooped Frodo up as well. Gandalf had been looking about the room, and noticed the documents that had been swept to the floor. He picked one of them up, and glancing at it, he turned to look at Frodo. Frodo met his gaze squarely, and nodded. Gandalf rolled it up, and placed it in his robes. Suddenly, Frodo grinned, as he remembered the other document that he still had in his own jacket. Perhaps he'd just hold on to that one a day or so. Faramir looked at Aragorn. "Should we carry them to the Houses of Healing, sire?" Both Frodo and Pippin started to protest, but Aragorn shook his head. "I think they will be better off at the guesthouse." It was nearly dawn by the time that Frodo and Pippin were tucked up together in the big bed the hobbits shared on the ground floor of the guesthouse. They had been washed and dressed in clean nightshirts, and fussed over. Pippin's knee had been rubbed with salve, and wrapped. Merry and Sam brought them a gigantic tray, with porridge laced with cream, butter and honey, juice, tea and toast-and a couple of the cheese tarts Pippin had spoken of earlier. After Aragorn and Faramir left, Merry and Sam joined them, all of them ready for some sleep. Pippin dozed off quickly, tucked between Merry and Frodo, succumbing to the pain draught Aragorn had given him. Frodo turned his head and dropped a kiss on Pippin's curls, meeting Merry's eyes. His own eyes began to droop, when they flew open once more. He turned to Sam. "Sam! What did you do with that scroll I had in my jacket?" "I put it away in the clothes press with your other things, Mr. Frodo." "Good, good," he said, getting drowsy once more. "Pippin wanted to show that to Menelcar. I think he deserves to." And then he slipped into slumber. xxxxxxx *Reference to my story "The Brandy Hall Incident"