foot. We would take the longer and safer way." She paused for a few moments. "The ruffians had tightened their siege of the Tooklands. Do you remember the wooded copse about five miles east of the farm, that ran down to Stoney Brook?" Pippin nodded. "I played there often as child," he said. "We were making for it-it would be our last stop before trying to get to Whitwell the following night-we were travelling at night of course…" "Of course, the better to avoid prying eyes." Pippin bit his lip, remembering how difficult the journey had been from Rivendell to Caradhras, travelling all night long. How much harder it would have been for a lass and two small children? "We were creeping silently along, when we heard them, laughing and making a racket. They had a camp right in the way we needed to go. And there I was with the children." She shuddered, and crossed her arms and began to rub her upper arms as though she were chilled. "It was dark enough. If I'd been alone, I'd have risked trying to get by them-Big Folk are so noisy-but I couldn't take the chance with the children. I decided to wait a while, to see if they'd fall asleep. And most of them did, but they'd set a watch. The night went on, and I knew once daybreak came, they'd see us right away. There was a bramble-bush nearby-it was plenty of cover for the children, but it wasn't big enough for me. I made Kit and Carrie go in to hide. 'Pretend you are hiding from a fox or an owl', I told them. And they were good as gold, frightened and cold and hungry as they were, they did as I said without a whimper." She closed her eyes and her voice dropped to a whisper. "When the light began to break, I took off running. I knew they'd follow me away from the little ones, and they did. They caught me. Thought I was a lad, thought I was a Took, too, because of my red hair. Cuffed me about a bit." Pippin's eyes grew stormy at the thought of brave Rusty, being mishandled so. He did not much imagine her captors had been any gentler with her than the Uruk-hai had been with him and Merry. "I was knocked out. Came to on my way to the Lockholes. I told 'em my name was Isembold Took, and that I'd been sent by the Thain to see what I could find out about their movements. They thought I might know something, and chucked me in with a couple of other lads. They told me that they were saving me to be questioned by someone named Sharkey, but it never happened." She stopped a moment, and then looked at Pippin, her eyes swimming with tears. "It's just-Pippin I don't know what happened to the children! I had to keep the Ruffians away from them, but they were left there, all alone-" suddenly, she burst into tears. Pippin moved over to sit on the bed, and held her as she wept. "There, now, Rusty. You protected them as best you could. Take heart that you kept them from being caught-I'm sure that once they had you, the children would have been safe." He stroked her hair, and remembered how helpless he'd felt, being carried away from Frodo, whom he had promised to stick with, and from Sam, and Merry being carried along-not knowing if Merry was only unconscious, or maybe even dead. He knew just how she felt. She wept against his shoulder until she began to hiccup. Pippin drew away, for an instant, and sighed. "I'm afraid I don't have any pocket-handkerchiefs with me, Rusty," he said. "Uncle Bilbo gave me a splendid one for Yule, but I seem to have lost it in my travels." Rusty giggled, and gave a mighty sniff, and ran her hand under her nose like a little child. Pippin grinned at her, and then both of them chuckled. "You Tooks always know how to make me laugh," she said, finally. "Us Tooks, eh?" Pippin asked drolly, with a lift of his brow. "And you've known, oh so many Tooks!" She blushed. "Well, not so very many-but the ones I know are very funny," and the twinkle in her eye when she said it reminded him of the lass who had sneaked them into the animal trainer's tent at the Michel Delving Fair. Just then, the door opened, and her cousin Bramble came in. Pippin rose, took Rusty's hand just briefly in both his own, and then took his farewell. xxxxxxx A couple of days later, Isembold Took was coming from his barn wondering when he would again have any animals to put in it-it had served so long to house refugees from elsewhere in the Shire-when he heard the sound of a pony rapidly approaching. "Cousin Hildifons!" he exclaimed. "What's going on? Have the Ruffians returned?" "No, not at all. But the Quick Post has been reinstated, and you've a letter here." "Dear Buttons, I thought you might like to know: Rusty Cotton was found in the Lockholes. She's staying for the next few weeks at the Gravelly farm in Michel Delving. She's recovering well from her ordeal, but one thing looms large on her mind-she is worried about the two children she was forced to hide and leave behind. I know it would relieve her greatly if you had anything of their fate to tell her. Glad you came through all these troubles safely. Fond regards, Cousin Pip." He smiled. Resourceful young Kit had brought his sister safely to the wooded copse, guarded by Took archers. One of them had escorted the children quickly to the farm, where Noddy and their mother and grandmother had already arrived. "Looks like I'm going to Michel Delving," he grinned. And maybe, he thought, Miss Rusty Cotton would consent to become Mrs. Isembold Took.