step of hiding in a pile of the creature's spoor. Reg had his bow trained and we could all see that the creature was trying to sniff us out. I picked up a small stone and threw it down a passageway, thinking to distract the creature and send it hunting. I cringe to think back at my panicked stupidity. I threw the stone down the hallway that we needed to traverse! The troll dutifully complied with my desires and shambled off down that hallway seeking the prey it imagined was fleeing that way. My companions and I all breathed a sigh of relief and waited, praying the Troll would keep going. After a short discussion we set off down the eastern hallway and mercifully did not run into the Troll. We turned north again and continued on our journey following the map as best we could. I happened to notice a pile of rubble with a tiny Dwarven ruin chalked upon it. A small cylinder held a message for Skorri's brother Norri detailing his efforts to lead King Hjorig's party into "His" lair. I do not know of whom Skorri speaks but it can only bode ill for the King and his companions. We pushed ahead watching for chalk sign and came to another crossroad. This one was massive with a collapsed tower that once lead to upper levels and three other hall ways branching off to the cardinal directions. The gloom was almost complete enough to require torches for the others eyes and the ruins seemed to loom with foreboding over us. We fanned out to search for sign and found an abundance of it. Chalk sign showed the western passage was the route the party, guided by Skorri, took. There was evidence that they had camped among these ruins and I found another message cylinder from Skorri. Poison! That Dourhand rat was exclaiming his happiness that he had managed to poison some of the King's party. I will have a reckoning with that foul excuse for a Dwarf. I warned off my companions from the well thinking that the most likely target for Skorri's machinations. I was explaining the note to Prince Baern when a hushed cry of alarm went up from my companions. From the eastern tunnel came a large party of Misty Mountain goblins. Again, they were far from home and in numbers great enough to warrant extreme caution. My companions quickly made themselves scarce, disappearing into the shadows, under cloaks and into the rubble. I am not stealthy. This fact alone should have disproved all of the accusations to thievery and nefarious activities I received while growing up in the Lonely Mountain. I knew I could not hide as well as they could but I would at least claim to display occasional flashes of cleverness. We had seen evidence of Dwarven defenders laying where they were slain almost half a century ago throughout our travels so I thought one more Dwarven "corpse" would not attract too much notice. I collapsed into a corner placing my shield over me. My ruse apparently worked as the Goblins cautiously advanced into the crossroads. There were 18 of the foul creatures led by a rather large specimen wielding a large, glowing mace. He seemed to be looking at this enscorlled weapon and then around the cavern with no small amount of confusion. A sharp exclamation from Prince Baern proved that this was a known foe. Reg punctuated the outburst by putting an arrow through the foul creatures head. I swear that Man is more Elf than Woodman sometimes. He is devastating with that bow. Bedlam erupted at that moment. My companions and I arose from our hiding spots and set about us with the greatest enthusiasm. All of us knew that while we held the advantage of surprise, we were sorely outnumbered and needed to punish these goblins quickly before they were able to regroup and overwhelm us. With that in mind I set forth a challenge to shake the very stone above. With the best and loudest "BARUK KHAZAD" I could manage, I flew into a group of goblins hewing this way and that. My vision, narrowed by my helm, was further limited by my rage. It seems the dark of this benighted place coupled with my own foul memories of Dwarven tunnels colored my emotions. I set about with all of my anger and did not take much note of what my companions were doing. I am ashamed to admit that had my companions dearly needed me to defend them or render aid, I would have been unaware. This, apparently, is the battlerage that some warriors speak of. I know we triumphed and my companions seem to be in good spirits but I will hold this battle as a mark of shame upon me. I need to be composed in battle and ready to render aid where it is needed. I was trained to be a calculating defender, not some woolly hill-man frothing and swinging about wildly. After this victory, were confronted by a conundrum though. It was late enough that the sun-shafts no longer provided any light and we needed a place to camp. With so many bodies, it was obvious that the scavengers would be upon these crossroads in very little time. Proceeding in any of the directions exiting this area presented it's own dangers. It seems fate decided to be kind to us though. We found a small trap-door in the floor which led to a small, unused storeroom and family crypt below this level. We quickly piled into this area and latched the door. We have built a small fire and set watch as we all bedded down. From this relatively safe vantage, I finish this journal entry and seek the peace of sleep. Dark tunnels and tidings journey alongside, Our fellowship to save family and pride. Into the maw of night and portents untrue. A crown to reclaim and friends to rescue.