worthy replied. " Elves made this?" he sounded incredulous. "I thought Elves only drank wine!" Bilbo chuckled, and the Elf Legolas said, with the slightly patronizing air he tended to use with the Dwarf, "That is a common misconception. Elves in general, are far more fond of wine. But we certainly like beer and ale as well." "In fact, they are uncommonly good brewers when they choose to be," said Bilbo, "but I must confess that they do not broach the beer casks as often as I would prefer." Mithrandir laughed, and said "My dear Bilbo, if they broached the beer casks as often as you preferred, you would soon be an avowed tippler!" "Now, Gandalf, I seem to recall that you are fond of your beer as well as your pipe, so don't take that tone with me!" "Well," said Pippin, who was at the tap and filling his own mug once more, "I'd say this is even better than the beer at The Golden Perch!" "I think you're right, Pip," agreed Merry, who waited behind him to refill his mug as well. "What do you say, Sam?" he turned to Samwise, who was right behind him. "I don't know, sir, as I never got the chance to try the beer at The Golden Perch . But I'd say it's at least as good as The Green Dragon , though it's not so brown." Frodo nodded. He was still on his first mug. I had noticed that he seemed to be just a bit more abstemious than the others. "I think that you are right, Sam." This led to a discussion of different inns and the excellence or poor quality of their beers and ales, and from there we soon, as it will happen in a company of males of whatever races, began to tell stories of times when we had managed to be the worse for drink. I told of the first time I took Faramir out to get drunk, and how he somehow turned the tables on me, so that both of us were somewhat more than mellow when we made our way back to the Citadel. It was only the kindness of an older Guardsman that we slipped in without our father discovering our folly. Mischievously, Frodo told of Merry's initiation into over-indulgence, and had all of us laughing, but when I asked Pippin about his first such experience, he looked at his toes, and Merry quickly said, "Oh, no one wants to hear that story." The hobbits looked so solemn at this that I wondered what the tale might be, but Merry went on "How about you, Gimli?" "Dwarves never get drunk!" he proclaimed. "Although it would not do, perhaps to ask my cousin OÍn if that is really true." "It would not do to ask me, either," said Bilbo. "For I have seen enough Dwarves in their cups to know. I will confess, however, that it is rare. Dwarves have a remarkable capacity for drink, and Dwarven ale is a potent brew!" He looked at Legolas. "And I know that Elves are not immune to over-indulgence either. I seem to remember a couple of Mirkwood Elves who made themselves rather merry over some wine, and thus allowed me to make away with some of my friends." Legolas burst out into laughter. "My father still rails over that from time to time. But the wine of Dorwinion is remarkably potent, and even by Elves not meant to be drunk unwatered!" We now listened to some of Bilbo's reminiscences of his adventure in Erebor. Although I had heard his tale at the Council, there had been so much else told there, that I am afraid his story was rather lost on me. Now, as I listened, with some additional remarks from Gimli, and even Legolas, it suddenly dawned on me: this small being had bearded a dragon in its lair and lived to tell of it. He had survived a series of mishaps on his own with remarkable ingenuity and courage. And it was through his quick wits that a war between those who should have been allies was averted, and enabled them to overcome the Enemy's forces in the Battle of Five Armies, tales of which had come down to us even in Gondor. I stared at him as if seeing him for the first time. The hobbits were making more inroads on the food, and I rose and took a bit more to nibble on as well. Pippin grinned up at me. "We'll make a hobbit of you yet, Boromir." I chuckled. I can think of worse fates. The evening began to wind down. Mithrandir took his leave, saying he had promised to speak to Lord Elrond, and then Aragorn as well made his excuses. I confess it, I was the last except for the hobbits, to leave. The younger hobbits, under Frodo's direction were clearing away the signs of the party, as Master Bilbo escorted me to the door. "I cannot thank you enough," I said, "for inviting me here this evening. I have had a delightful time, and you are a most excellent host." I meant every word. I have not felt so relaxed since I left Gondor. The old hobbit looked up with a twinkle in his eye. "I had my reasons. I am confiding into your care and that of the others, those whom I hold most dear. I needed to know that they will be with those I can trust." I nodded. "And do you think that you can trust me?" "As well as any," he said. "I think that you are a noble and honorable Man, and will do all in your power to protect my dear ones." "Thank you." And as I made my way to my room, I felt a deep respect for that venerable hobbit, and I realized how honored I was to have his respect in return. I vowed not to let him down.