Ask me." "The rooms I have now-those were his, were they not?" "Yes, Bilbo, they were. You were not the first hobbit to live a well-deserved retirement within these walls. Go now, and read what he has to say, and perhaps you will understand." After returning to his rooms, he looked at them with new eyes. Now that he came to think of it, it was clear that the little kitchen and the small bedroom with its round door were not something new, built within the last few months, but had been there for a number of years. He prepared himself a light luncheon, and took it to his sitting room. Settling in next to the hearth, he began to read. He spent several days reading his uncle's journal, realizing that the two of them had far more in common than was first apparent. But Hildifons' life had turned out more difficult in the end than his own. It was something that gave him furiously to think. -oo000oo- One afternoon there came one of those odd weather days, in which winter seemed to retreat, and it felt more like fall or spring. Bilbo decided to take some fruit and the book outside and wander the gardens of Rivendell. He was still discovering places new to him, even among the paths and grounds nearest the House. The ground was bare, and save for such plants and trees as stayed ever green, the leaves were gone. There were holly trees, laurel, juniper and bay along a pleasant flagged path. Some of the thyme growing between the pathstones were yet green and gave a pleasant herbal scent. As in most of the gardens small benches and seats had been randomly placed for stopping and resting during a garden stroll. He espied the Lady Arwen seated on one such bench; she also had a book in hand. She looked up and gave him a warm smile. "Will you not join me, Master Baggins?" She patted the bench next to her. "Since you are so kind, milady, I will." He set down the little basket with Hildifons' journal and a couple of apples on the end of the bench, as he scrambled up. "Please, call me Arwen," she said to him as he settled back. He offered her one of the apples, which she accepted. "Only if you will call me Bilbo," he replied. "The weather is delightful today." "Today only," she said. "My father tells me the morning will bring frost again." She glanced at the book in the basket. "What are you reading?" Bilbo took it out and showed her. "It's my uncle's journal. I've finished it, but am still perusing it. Did you know him when he was here?" She shook her head. "No, I was gone for a number of years visiting my grandparents, when he was staying among us, and never had the chance to meet him then. I always wished that I had done so-my father and brothers speak very fondly of him." "And what are you reading, mil...I mean, Arwen?" She lifted out the slim volume bound in blue, the cover lettered in gilded Tengwar. "Ah," said Bilbo with a grin. "The Lay of Leithian, the tale of Beren and Lúthien." "Yes, one of my favorite tales." She gave a wistful sigh. Bilbo glanced up at her slyly. "The Dúnadan left yesterday, didn't he?" She looked down at him startled, and then laughed. "You are most observant, Bilbo!" He looked up at her with a grin, and gave her a cheeky wink of the eye. Shaking her head, she laughed again. Truly, the old hobbit was delightful. She foresaw that they would be great friends over time. -oo000oo- The weeks passed, and the weather grew colder. Bilbo had quite lost track of time; he thought that they were still in what was called "Foreyule" in the Shire, but he wasn't sure. He was fairly certain that Yule had not yet come, as the days were not growing longer yet, but he was not sure when the shortest day would come. He had spent a quiet and fairly normal day, and after a grand supper in the feast hall, he headed for the Hall of Fire. He was surprised when Elrond came up and asked "May I walk with you, Bilbo?" "Of course...Elrond," he replied. He was still getting used to being on a first-name basis with the Lord of Rivendell. He supposed that over time he would find it easier. They entered through the wide double doors. "Oh my!" he said. The hall had been festooned with greenery! Bilbo looked up at his host with joy. "I never expected such a thing!" Elrond chuckled. "Before he left on his latest patrol, Aragorn took great pains to remind me that the turning of the year holds great significance for your people. And my daughter has been reminding me for the last several days that today was the longest night. Happy Yule, Bilbo Baggins!" -oo000oo- Lindelea's story is "The Tenth Walker", in which Merrylegs makes an appearance. Stories of mine that are referenced are: "Tra-La-Lalley! Come Back to the Valley" "Warm Welcome Home" "The Birthday, S.R. 1402" "Trotter" All of them are posted here on this site. ATTENTION: Since I can no longer link to my essays, I've decided to post some of them here on my profile, on a rotating basis. I hope to update each month, removing one and replacing it with another. If you have questions or comments about any of my essays, please feel free to PM me; I'd love to know what you think. This month I have posted a simple list I made: "Shire Calendar Addendum: Election Years and Overlithe". It is my hope that hobbit writers might find this useful. It lists all the years in Shire Reckoning during which either a Mayoral Election would occur, or which was a Leap Year by Shire Reckoning, during which the day called "Overlithe" would occur.