quite an enthusiasm for the event, and was excited and worried by turns. But Merry had not really thought it would keep him from coming at Yule, and for a few seconds he indulged himself in ill-temper and a bit of unbecoming jealousy. But his good nature reasserted itself quickly. Of course Pippin was excited over being an uncle, and was worried for his sister. And Merry was very fond of Pimpernel himself. He chuckled ruefully-how silly he was, to be jealous of a wee babe who was not even born yet! Would it be a lad or a lass? he wondered. Perhaps after Yule, he'd accompany Frodo back to Bag End, and they could both go to the Great Smials and meet the new addition to the family. First Yule, S.R. 1416 It's taking forever! Pippin thought. He sat down once more, right at the edge of the settee, his ears strained for the sounds behind the closed door between the sitting room and the bedroom. He heard another heart-felt moan from his sister, and jumped up again, pacing to the window to look out at the clear night. It had been hours and hours. In a few moments it would be midnight, and Second Yule. He bit his lip, and went over to the hearth, where he picked up the poker, and jabbed at the fire, causing sparks to fly up the chimney, and the log to break in two. He reached down and placed a new one on the fire. "Pippin!" Paladin too, was anxious, and Pippin's fidgeting was getting on his nerves. "Sorry, Father." He went over and sat down once more, still tightly wound, and ready to spring up again at any moment. "Why can't we go in and see her?" "Son, the only male who needs to be in there is Pimmie's husband. She would not even take notice of us! And Mistress Poppy has all the help she needs, between your mother, and Milo's mother, and Pearl and Pervinca and her apprentice." Paladin sighed. "They would all only yell at us to 'get out!' and rightfully so." "I suppose." He got up again. It was Yule. He could have been at Brandy Hall with Merry and Frodo. Pimmie had told him that he needn't feel obliged to be here when she gave birth-had found it rather amusing that he thought he needed to be. But good heavens! a chap didn't become an uncle for the first time every day. Now, however, he found himself wishing he had listened. It was awful, this waiting about, and every so often hearing his sister cry out. If it was so painful, it made him wonder why lasses ever wanted to have babies. It's a wonder there were ever any new little hobbits! A few hours earlier, he'd gone with his father to the main hall, for the lighting of the Yule log. They'd not stayed for the festivities-the Tooks understood why. All the Great Smials were eagerly awaiting the arrival of the Thain's first grandchild. Pippin winced, as he heard Pimmie giving another groan. The door to the sitting room opened, and he looked over in relief to see his Aunts Primrose and Peridot enter. Auntie Prim went over to her brother, and she and Paladin conversed in low tones. Aunt Peridot came over and stood by him. She gave him a little kiss on the cheek. "Is everything all right, Pippin?" she asked gently. "I don't know," said Pippin. "It seems to be taking ever so long! I hate this waiting about!" She smiled at him. "I've an idea, my dear." She walked over to the shelves near the fireplace, and picked up her lap harp, and Pippin's fiddle and bow. Pippin's face brightened at the thought of music, and she handed the fiddle to him. In only a few moments they were playing "Light the Yule Log", and followed it by "No Shorter Now Will Grow the Days", "Wassail, Wassail" and other seasonal tunes. Pippin felt himself relax as he made music with his aunt. Just as they were finishing "It is the Turning of the Year", they heard another sharp cry from the bedroom, followed by the lusty wail of a baby. Pippin stopped playing and grinned. The door opened, and his mother came out, looking tired but happy. "It's a lass!" she said. There was much cheering in the sitting room. Paladin turned to Pippin. "Son, would you like to go make the announcement in the main hall?" Nodding, Pippin dashed out and ran all the way. After the cheering and back-slapping had died down, he returned wearily to the family apartments, where most everyone was now in the sitting room except for Milo. Pervinca was asleep in a chair, and on the settee, Paladin had his arm about an exhausted Eglantine. He looked up as Pippin came in. "Would you like to meet your new niece, son?" He gestured to the other room with his chin. Almost shyly, Pippin tapped at the door, and entered diffidently at Milo's greeting. Pimmie lay in the bed looking pale and a bit disheveled, but happy, with a blanket-wrapped bundle in her arms. Milo, who had been sitting at the edge of the bed stood up. "Come and meet little Flora, Pippin," he said softly. Pippin went over to the bed, and Pimmie pulled back the blanket. He looked at the tiny red face, topped with a few downy reddish-gold curls. No doubt they would darken soon enough. His sister smiled at him. "I heard your playing, through the door. It really helped, and made me feel better, Pip." He smiled at her, gratified. "Did it? I'm ever so glad, Pimmie, if it did." "Would you like to hold her?" Pippin nodded, and Milo bent over and picked up his daughter, placing her carefully in Pippin's arms. Pippin smiled down at the sleeping little one. "Happy Yule, Flora." *A reference to my story "The Dare"