of Rory's generation stood, and toasted Master Saradoc and Mistress Esmeralda. The feast was ended, and Frodo could not get Merry out of the crush too soon. He saw to getting his younger cousins into bed, and then sat up to wait for the others. It was not too long before Saradoc and Esmeralda arrived, along with Paladin. Eglantine had taken the lasses to the guest rooms the Tooks used on their visits to Brandy Hall-all save Pippin who had his own room near Merry's. Saradoc dropped heavily into his favorite chair with a deep sigh of exhaustion. Esmeralda moved behind him, and began to knead her husband's neck. "I am surprised to see you still awake, Frodo." Frodo shrugged. "I wanted to speak to you, Uncle Sara. I need to return to Bag End soon-and I wanted to ask, will you allow Merry to finish his visit there? I know things will have to be different now he's the Son of the Hall." Saradoc pursed his lips and leaned forward. "To be honest, Frodo, I'd not thought that far ahead. But I have no intention of plunging Merry into such duties now-he's still too young and his grief too new. I suppose that starting next year, I will gradually increase his responsibilities. But actually, I think I would be very grateful if you returned with him to Bag End. He needs to be away from things here until they settle down a bit. Don't think I haven't noticed how well you protected him the last couple of days from those who would have used his youth to take advantage of him." "I'll always watch after Merry, Uncle, you know that. It's not something you have to thank me for." "I do know that, Frodo. But I'm grateful all the same. If you can persuade him to rest tomorrow, then I think it would not be thought improper if you took him back with you the day after." Frodo turned to Paladin. "Paladin? What about Pippin?" Paladin nodded. "I'd not be so cruel as to separate him from Merry now of all times. But the journey back should not be in such haste-I was very proud of how well he endured it, but I think you should make your way slower upon your return." "Actually," said Frodo, "if both were returning with me, I had planned to hire a trap, and drive as far as Budgeford. A day or so in Fatty's and Folco's pleasant company, and then we would have a nice leisurely walk the rest of the way, camping out and taking our time." "That sounds an excellent plan. I will see to the return of the hired ponies, then." xxxxxxx The next day, the young people remained in the apartment. Merry and Pippin, watched over by Frodo were joined by Pippin's sisters and Merry's cousin Berilac. They spent the day playing games, chatting and eating. The other adults returned in time for tea. But after tea, Frodo quietly slipped away for awhile, and made his way to Cousin Calla's apartment. "She's feeling poorly today, Mr. Frodo," said Yarrow at the door. "Is that Frodo Baggins, Yarrow?" called a soft voice weakly. "Please do show him in." Yarrow stood back disapprovingly. It was clear that she did not feel her mistress was up to company. "I won't stay long," Frodo told her reassuringly. This time, Frodo was shown into Calla's bedchamber. She was propped against pillows, her face nearly as pale as the bedlinens. Her sketchbook lay closed upon the bed, next to her legs. "It's good to see you again, Frodo. Did you come to say farewell?" He nodded. "I saw you yesterday. I fear it was nearly too much for you." "It probably was. But I owed Rory and Gilda that much. They did so much for me when I could no longer be of any use to anyone." Frodo wanted to protest this self-deprecation, but he feared that to do so would simply tire her more. Instead he said "I was glad to see you once more." She nodded. "My sketchbook. Look at the last page-it came to me yesterday when I returned here, and I could not rest until I got it down. What it means, I do not know, but I wanted you to see it." Curiously, he turned to the last page, and felt a shock of recognition followed by a feeling of amazed joy. "I've never seen the sea," she said, "but I am sure that is what it is." He nodded. Nor had he seen the sea, but he had no doubt that was what he gazed upon. There was a sandy beach, and waves lapping upon it, and a solitary figure of a person walking on the shore. He suddenly realized it was himself. And then, as he studied the picture, he glanced at the clouds sketched in above the horizon-there was something about them. Suddenly, he realized there were faces in the clouds looking down at him: his parents. "Oh my!" he exclaimed softly. "Take it." He looked at her. Was she sure? She nodded once more. "Take it." So he very carefully tore it loose from the rest of the sketchbook, and rolling it up, he placed it in his jacket. He bent over and kissed the pale brow. "Good-bye, Cousin Calla." She smiled wearily at him. "Farewell, Cousin Frodo." And her eyes closed, her breathing soft and rhythmic-she was already asleep. xxxxxxx Frodo, Merry and Pippin left early the following morning, to return to Bag End. It was the last time Frodo saw Calla Brandybuck. She died quietly in her sleep before the following Yule. xxxxxxx *While only Rorimac "Old Rory" Brandybuck is listed as dying in S.R. 1408, I do not think it much of a stretch, given what we know of hobbit marriage, that Menegilda might have died at the same time. After seventy years of marriage, the bond had to be pretty strong.