to pre-empt the Noldor if he kept being interrupted? Then he looked beyond Galion and saw, glinting brighter than all the other stars, the star that had once been a Silmaril. And there was Galion looking at it not knowing that it could spell the doom of the Greenwood Elves. He couldn't bear it. But he had to. Then he realised something. Just because Galion didn't know about the Noldor didn't mean he was immune from them. Thranduil launched himself across the room, grabbed Galion roughly round the wrist and dragged him back into the room. Then he pulled the doors to and locked them. "What on earth are you doing?" Galion asked indignantly as Thranduil drew the curtains and hurriedly rolled the map up. "I can't tell you." "I think someone's a little over-tired," Galion chided gently. "No," Thranduil replied, his tone almost whiny, "I need to solve this." With that he took out the map he'd just packed away and unrolled it on the table again. "I've almost cracked it." "Come on, meldir," Galion said in a firmer tone, "it's very late now and it's pitch dark. These candles will go out in a short while." "Then I'll light some new ones," Thranduil said, taking the required number out of the desk drawer, lighting them using the already lit candles. Then he began throwing the old ones onto the grate with their wicks still burning. Galion watched the flames sputter in the ash and go out. He made a note to get them out of the grate first thing in the morning; even with Beorn and his hives only on the other side of the forest good beeswax was expensive. Over the short distance back to his desk, Thranduil staggered slightly through tiredness. Galion was about to say something when one of the candlesticks began to rock seemingly of its own accord – though it had actually been joggled by a loose floorboard as the king passed. It rocked on its base first backwards, then forwards, for a while. Thranduil, oblivious, was back at his desk by the time it decided to fall. Onto the sea of papers. Even as Thranduil saw the flames and stifled his own scream, Galion righted the candlestick and scooped the burning papers into the grate, where they withered and folded in on themselves without destroying the whole room. He looked up at Thranduil, expecting the usual slight nod of thanks for such a minor favour, but instead he saw his king white faced, one hand still clapped to his mouth and the other gripping the desk behind him as tightly as possible. Galion realised he had no explanation for what had just happened either. He rose and approached his terrified friend, hushing and soothing him and making to pull Thranduil into his embrace. But before he could Thranduil pushed him away and swept across to the other side of the room, only lowering his hand from his mouth when he was in the far corner. "They've found me already." "Who have?" Galion whispered. "And they're trying to kill me." He turned to Galion, "Don't you see? They used their magic to topple the candlestick." Again Thranduil's conviction made a convincing argument. Galion nodded, "I suppose magic is possible." "I can't stop them," Thranduil continued, "They'll only stop when they have what they want. And I don't have it. I can't get it. They're mad; you can't get things from the heavens." "Thranduil?" Galion's brow furrowed. Thranduil was known to say strange things when exhausted, which he evidently was now. "They'll kill everyone. Just like before. What can I do? I'm not as powerful as the kings of old, I stand no chance!" "Thranduil, stop this." Galion put out the candles and advanced on his friend. Thranduil looked at him in the dark as though seeing him for the first time. He went as white as a sheet and started shaking, "I shouldn't have said that." "Come on," Galion repeated but as his hand touched Thranduil shoulder Thranduil began weeping. "What if they heard? What if they know everything?" He pulled away, back to the map, and when Galion tried to stop him he repeated, "I have to finish this!" over and over again. Eventually, in exasperation, Galion put an arm around his friend's waist and pulled him off his feet. Thranduil screamed in indignation and fear, so Galion put a hand over his mouth, "You are too tired to think. If you won't go to bed willingly then Eru help me I'll drag you there!" With that he half carried, half dragged the Sinda out of his office and along the corridor, with Thranduil writhing and screaming and even kicking in his arms. When none of these worked his tongue found the fleshy base of Galion's thumb and he bit down on it hard. Galion cried out, more in surprise than pain, but didn't let go and eventually threw the king into his rooms, locking the door behind him. He then went round the room locking the doors to the balcony and taking the keys out from Thranduil's various hiding places – he knew them all. Then he turned to the king who now sat on the edge of the bed, head in hands. "I'm locking you in so you actually go to sleep," he explained, "I'll be back in the early morning." He stopped and watched Thranduil, "Are you alright?" Still with his head in his hands, Thranduil nodded and mumbled, "Just over tired." Galion pursed his lips, "I keep saying those long council meetings always end in tears but does anyone ever listen?" Then he left and though he said 'good night' at the door he got no further reply. Thranduil sat on the bed, shaking and weeping silently. He felt even worse for not being able to tell anyone, but how could he have told Galion that he'd as good as killed someone everyone else thought was already dead?