still sat on his tall horse. Now Pippin turned to the other two. "Doderic, would you please let Aunt Esme know I am here. And very soon, Sam will be here as well. Estella is also on her way back, though she has left the children in Freddy's and Angelica's care." Merry gaped at Pippin, speechless. "And Ilberic?" Pippin continued, "Would you be so kind as to see if we could have a bit of second breakfast? My stomach thinks my throat's been cut!" Ilberic winced at this brutal expression, but nodded and hurried off, finally leaving Merry and Pippin alone in the study. "Oh, Pip!" Merry said quietly, "I knew you'd come if you could. But I really didn't think there was any way you could get here." "Merry, all the hosts of Mordor couldn't keep us apart. Do you really think I'd let a river stand in my way of getting to you?" Merry swallowed. "Pippin, so many are lost, nearly twenty dead. I-I-" Suddenly his grief poured forth, and the tears he'd been holding at bay for days finally came. Gently, Pippin wrapped his arms around his beloved cousin, and wept with him. This-this was what Merry had truly needed him for. 0o0o0o0 Months later Pippin wiped the sweat from his brow, and looked around at the mountains of boxes and bundles waiting to be loaded onto a cart for transport to the Great Smials. Crickhollow looked strangely bare; the furniture remained, but all the things that had shown a family lived there, the pictures and cushions and books and toys and other mathoms, were gone. He suppressed a small feeling of guilt; even after all these weeks of effort, and all that had been done to restore Buckland, he sometimes felt guilty that Crickhollow had suffered so little damage: a tree down, some need of re-thatching, a bit of water in the root cellar. So many hobbits of Buckland had lost everything. But he had seen Merry through with the restoration, and now Buckland was beginning to get back to normal. Too many of the buildings still looked brand new, and the harvest was not going to be as abundant, but the recovery was well underway. The help sent by King Elessar and by Éomer of Rohan had made certain that none would go hungry, nor remain homeless. And now Pippin needed to return to the Great Smials and prepare to take up the Thainship, for his cousin Opal had said that Paladin would be fortunate to live until the next Spring. "Pippin!" Merry's voice called from the front. "I'm coming, Merry!" he called. Diamond and the children were already on their way. They would cross the newly re-built Bridge and await him at the Inn there. Merry stood there with their ponies; he'd ride with Pippin as far as the bridge. Pippin locked the door to the little house and handed Merry the key. "I'm going to miss all the good times we had here." "I know." Merry's eyes roved over the small house, where they had both lived for so many years after their return. "Did you leave the axe?" Merry's voice was grave. The crisis of the flood had left its mark on him as much as had the Quest, and he was solemn more than he used to be. Pippin nodded. "It's in the rafters of the attic." "Good." For one edict that the Master of Buckland had made, as each new cot was built or smial dug out, as each old one was repaired and re-thatched: every dwelling was to have an ax in the attic or under the rafters. End Notes: This story was originally written and posted on my LiveJournal on Oct. 3, 2005, not long after Hurricane Katrina. It was in response to the overwhelming friendship and generosity showed by many of my online friends, who had created an LJ community called "Hobbit Aid" to raise funds to help me and another friend after the storm. I usually edit my stories heavily before posting. This story was a catharsis, and I posted it raw. I keep it that way since it just feels right to me that I shared my emotions as they came to me. There are any number of references to some of my previous stories here, and I have not tried to footnote them at all. Please feel free to ask if something puzzles you. The axe in the attic relates to something my husband told me after Hurricane Katrina. One of his elderly patients had been a contractor who had helped rebuild the Gulf Coast after the devastation of Hurricane Camille. He told my husband some stories about it. Because of the fact that so many had died in that manner-trapped in attics-just as they did with this storm-he insisted that any home or building that he helped to build or restore be furnished with an axe in the attic, so that at least someone forced to take refuge that way would have a way to chop themselves an escape to the rooftop. In my story, it only takes a few months for Buckland to begin its recovery. In reality, it is going to take years for the Gulf Coast to recover from the ravages of Hurricane Katrina. But to even begin to recover would not be possible without all the help being given by kind friends like all of you. I thank you so very, very much. More than any material assistance, just the knowledge that you were caring and thinking of us made the world of difference. I want to give extra special thanks to Llinos, Marigold, Budgielover, Pippinfan, Grey Wonderer, and Anso the Hobbit for the reminders sent to me by snail mail and for the help and support over the phone when it finally came up. But to everyone on my friends list, and to everyone who took part in Hobbit Aid, my thanks as well. I love you all.