The cousins looked at Sam, wondering how he would feel about it. He nodded. "All o' mine save Ruby, Robin and little Tom have heard it all, and they've heard Mr. Bilbo's part. Ruby turns twenty this year. I'll be letting her listen to the other parts now. Elanor and Frodo-lad, o' course have read it for themselves. Rosie-lass, Merry-lad and Pippin-lad have read bits of it, but Goldilocks asked t'other day could she read it for herself." "What about others?" asked Merry. "Not many in Hobbiton has the interest." Sam heaved a great sigh. "There's them around here don't remember Mr. Frodo at all. Jolly's read it, though. He heard so much of it when he was away South, he said he wanted to know the right of it. Still, I wish more would care about it." "Well, Sam," said Pippin, "most hobbits feel what's done is done and over and done. Those aren't the sorts of tales they want to know about. And if they aren't family, you can't make them." The three looked at one another, and nodded wistfully. This was quite true. -oo000oo- Merry had become used to seeing Merimas sitting in the middle of the Master's study on the tall stool at the bookstand, silently reading. Every once in a while, he'd stop and look over and ask Merry a question. "What was all that business about the Elves and the Dwarves? Why don't they get on?" "What was Gandalf up to when he went off and left Bilbo and the Dwarves to fend for themselves? "Who is Elbereth?" "How come the Elves made all those Rings? Couldn't they tell who Sauron was?" "A Balrog? It seems that all the Big Folk knew what that was, but it's not clear to me." "I don't understand all that business with the Lady Galadriel. What kind of test was she talking about, and how could passing it diminish her?" "Why did that Lord Denethor want to keep from turning the country over to the King? Come to that, why wasn't King Elessar king all along?" "He'd been betrothed to the Queen the whole time? Why did no one know of it? And why did he not tell you that you were waiting for his wedding? There were others as well, and Merry would try to answer, but sometimes he realised that his own information was scanty at best. Merimas would purse his lips and give Merry that sort of look he remembered getting occasionally from Uncle Dinodas, or rarely from Frodo or Bilbo- a look that said he'd come ill-prepared for his lesson and was a disappointment as a scholar. It irked him to get such a look from a cousin who was the same age as he, or, come to think of it, younger by a year! Sometimes Merimas would come in to read when Merry was not in his study. One afternoon, a few weeks after Merimas had begun to read, Merry returned after supper to fetch a book for himself and saw Merimas sitting there, just staring at the book, his face stricken. "You've finished." Merimas nodded. "I never truly understood. I don't think I understand now completely. But you are right. This is something our young people should read. Not too young, though." "I agree. Tweens, of course. I fear the tale would be far too frightening to the youngest of your pupils." "I wish I had known Frodo better when he was here." Merry felt that sharp stab of grief that even now would come upon him unawares. He swallowed it down, and took a deep breath. All he said was "I wish you had, too." -oo000oo- That night a hard rain woke Merry from a sound sleep. He rose from his bed quietly, so as not to disturb Estella, and went to look out the window. Storms were far more disturbing to him since the big flood twenty-five years ago. This was just an ordinary Blommath storm, but he knew he'd not settle to sleep until it slacked off. Seventy-six was by no means old, but he wasn't as young as he used to be either. He put on his dressing gown and went into the small kitchen of the Master's apartment, and made himself of a cup of tea, and slipped out with it and padded across the passage to his study. There he sat down behind his large desk, and sipped his tea. An idea was forming in his mind. Years ago, perhaps a year or two before the revelation of the Ring, Frodo had toyed with an idea of writing a history of the Northern kingdoms, but had put it aside reluctantly when he realised there was not enough information in the Shire to do the subject justice. But of course, that was before he knew where such a source of information could be found. Merry knew he was not nearly the scholar that Frodo had been, but perhaps it would honour his cousin if he could take up such a work. And perhaps it need not be merely confined to the Northern kingdoms… He pursed his lips in thought for a moment, and then pulled out a sheet of paper from his drawer, and picked up his quill. Dipping it in the ink, he began to write. "Brandy Hall 5 Blommath, S.R. 1458, Fourth Age 37, My Lord Celeborn, Greetings from Buckland, and my wish that all is well in Rivendell. I am writing to you in the hopes that you will be able to assist me in a project which I have in mind…" The rain had stopped and the grey light of dawn had begun to light the sky above the Old Forest when he had finished. He'd time to slip back to bed for an hour or so. He was glad the weather was clearing. He'd have someone take the letter up to the King's Messenger at the Messenger House by the Bridge today.