picnic with one of the elves!" she laughed. He took a sip of the milk, using the paper napkin she had given him to blot the white beverage from his fluffy mustache. "And which elf was it?" he asked. "Oh, while everyone loves to dream and drool over Legolas, I like the dark-haired ones best. And Lord Elrond is very handsome in that serious, darker way," she said with a grin. His eyebrows twitched upwards. "Lord, eh? Is he important?" he asked. "He's the Lord of one of the elven realms, called Rivendell in the Common Tongue, or Imladris to the elves," she replied. "You know? I've got a poster of him in my nerd room! I'll show you!" she said. "Nerd room?" he asked. She flushed again. "Let me show you," she said, standing from the table and grasping his hand. He laughed at her exuberance. He grasped his staff from where it had been set against the wall as they passed it, allowing her to pull him to the first room in the narrow hallway. She pushed open the door and led him inside. His eyebrows nearly came off of his face. Against one wall was a massive map of Arda, framed in a rich black frame and behind glass. On each side, there was a replica of a wizard's staff. If he were correct, it was a rough replica of his own staff, and that of Saruman's. There were Tengwar letters below the frame, painted onto the wall. Savo 'lass a lalaith. Have joy and laughter. She knew bits of Elvish, then? Interesting. There were many colored pictures on that wall, and she walked over to the wall, pointing to faces that he had known for a long time. "This is Legolas. He's played by Orlando Bloom. He's the Prince of Mirkwood, which is right here on the map," she was speaking exuberantly. "And this is Elijah Wood. He plays Frodo Baggins." His eyes snapped up at the picture, widening as the narrow, haunted face stared back at him. The lad's hand was extended, and a simple gold ring rested on his palm. "Oh! Here's Elrond. Hugo Weaving is his actor," she said, pointing to the picture. The likeness was striking. The deep eyes that stared out from the glossy paper, the simple circlet on his brow, and the austere robes were so very…Elrond. She pointed to a shiny, blunt sword. "I like this one. This is a replica of Andúril. It's Aragorn's sword, re-forged from the shards of a sword called Narsil," she said. He realized he was still holding the garland of flowers in his hand, and his fingers tightened about it. She knew quite a bit about what was, is, and was to come… "This is my favorite wall. On this side I have some Harry Potter stuff, mostly wands from different wizards and a replica of Hermione's Time Turner," she said, pointing to a display case. "Some people go out and party, drink…I like to collect book and movie props." "Oh! I forgot I had him!" she said, reaching under a squishy sofa. She pulled out a large stuffed animal, and when she turned it to him, he realized it was a large stuffed dragon. Its cartoonish mouth was open, revealing felt teeth and a felt forked tongue. It was red with shimmering golden wings, and with a start he looked into the gold button eyes and realized it was a replica of Smaug. "I made him myself! Isn't he so squishy looking?" she said, tucking the animal into a cushion of the sofa. "I'm impressed," he croaked out. She looked at him, a proud look on her face. "And I…I have something for you," he added. This almost felt like a betrayal. She smiled in that guileless way and he held out the circlet with a flourish. "Oh! It's pretty. For me?" she asked. He stepped towards her, holding his staff in the crook of his arm as he placed the garland of flowers on her head. She blushed prettily, reaching up and cocking the flowers against her braided hair. "Thank you!" she said. He kept staring at her, noticing as her smile slowly faded from her face. She blinked several times, reached up to rub her eyes, and then promptly keeled over. His staff lit up with blinding blue light, and he sighed softly. "Sometimes, my dear child, our dreams become more real than we could possibly imagine. And when that time comes, we must ask ourselves what to do about it. Do we put our feet on the ground and meet it head on, or do we run and hide ourselves away? You are about to find out more about fair Arda than you ever thought you'd know," he said and knelt down next to her. There was a flash of light and the smell of ozone in the air as magic crashed around them, and when the light faded, there was nothing to indicate either had ever been there except the remnants of breakfast dishes in the kitchen and a broken garland of flowers on the floor. I hope that was original and not confusing. This story will have some heavy influences by the Valar, Lord Irmo in particular. For those unfamiliar with the lore of the Valar, Irmo is the Lord and Master of Dreams, Visions, and Desires. He is the husband to Estë the Gentle, Lady of Healing and Rest. There may be some cameo appearances by the others (There are fourteen) but these two are the greatest supernatural stars. :) Cerena's name is pronounced just like 'Serena' but is spelled with a 'c.' *Shrug* Let me know what you think. Favorite, Follow, or if you have a bit of time, I'd love to have a review. For the sake of interest and hoping to catch more people, I will be posting Chapter 1 and Chapter 2 together. I hope to see you for the long run!