torment him. He had cuts all over his upper body as well as bruises. When the cuts had failed to produce enough screams, they had spent an evening breaking his fingers one by one. Sometimes he would faint from the pain or the terror. If they'd had enough amusement for the evening, they would leave him be, and he would fall into dark dreams, but always ending with the dream of Folco Boffin. If they had not had enough sport, they would slap him awake, and pour a foul-tasting draught down his throat that burned like fire. It would give him energy, and wake him, and it seemed to sustain him in some horrid way-for they never offered him any food at all. He had no idea of how long his ordeal had lasted. But there had been a day of respite-freezing cold and rainy weather had led them to find an abandoned cot to lie up in. The torment that night had been severe, but the next day, the weather had dried up, and leaving him alone and tied up, the four of them had gone out to forage for food. Ted lay there falling in and out of a hazy drowse, roused from time to time by pain, and thinking the same anguished thoughts over and over again. The look of pity on Frodo Baggins' face kept coming to his mind. Why should Frodo have felt sorry for him? Obviously he must have known what was coming to him. He was feverish, and finally he dropped off into a profound, yet uncomfortable sleep. He was wakened once more by a slap, and some of the horrible draught was poured down his throat. He was too weak to struggle against it as he had been, and merely gagged as the burning liquid scalded its way down his throat. Gash took out his knife, and Ted watched dully as the ruffian played with it in front of his eyes. Then he flinched as the knife was repeatedly prodded in his upper arm. A few days earlier, this would have brought him to screams; now he barely whimpered. "Looks like our little rat is not so much sport as he was," said Gash with a sneer. "Maybe we should do something a little different." He approached the fire they had built in the hearth, and lay the end of his knife in the fire. Ted watched apprehensively, a knot of fear as he wondered what new deviltry his tormentor had come up with. He could hear the other three chuckling in anticipation. Gash turned and picked Ted up by the ropes which were wound about his torso, and then quite deliberately lay the hot knife against the hobbit's cheek. Ted's shriek of pain seemed quite satisfying. He held him very close to his face, and brought the knife up again. "Maybe an eye, this time," he chuckled. Ted's terror was suddenly rekindled. In a panic, and with an energy he thought had long abandoned him, he began to struggle as he had not since the beginning. The knife drew closer. With a move borne more out of instinct than anything else, Ted threw his own face forward, and clamped his teeth on Gash's nose, biting so hard that he drew blood. Two things happened. Gash with a horrible yowl, threw Ted from him. Ted flew across the room, landing so hard against the wall of the decaying house that he actually broke through it. Ted spat-the hot acid taste in his mouth nothing like the salty taste of blood. He looked up in surprise at Gash's face staring down, and noticed with a shock that the blood was black. The second thing was his realization that he no longer felt any pain. He couldn't move at all, but the pain was gone. His eyes widened in surprise. Gash grabbed his left arm and snapped it like a twig. Ted looked at it in wonder. The brute looked surprised at his lack of reaction. Krag came over, and stepped on his other arm. Ted didn't feel that either. Harry looked for a moment, and then dispassionately lifted one of his legs and let go. It landed like a log. "You've gone and broken its back, Gash," he said. "It's not going to be feeling any more pain. Won't be anymore sport from that one." Gash rubbed his nose, and looked at the black blood on his hand. He reached down and cleaned it off on Ted's breeches. "Oh well," he said, "it was fun while it lasted." The four turned away, and began to prepare their meal, ignoring Ted. Ted lay like a broken doll, tears rolling down his cheeks. He tried to swallow, but couldn't, and then he looked up. Folco Boffin stood there, smiling at him sweetly. " 'M sorry," Ted mumbled, " 'm sorry." Folco reached a hand down, and Ted reached up and grasped it, found himself standing next to the hobbit he had watched being murdered. And yet he saw, there was a hobbit lying there, battered and worn, who looked remarkably like himself. "Come along," said Folco. "It's all over now." xxxxxxx "That's not a very deep hole, Bart," said Harry. "Who cares?" replied the Man. "Gash said bury him. He didn't say how deep." "Well, I'm glad he's dead. I'm not so much for the kind of sport that Gash and Krag like, and he was slowing us down." Bart nodded, and they tipped the little body in, and scraped a shallow covering of dirt over it. "Well, I hope we get out of here soon. Krag said he spotted one of them Rangers this morning. And where there's one there's more." "Aye," replied Harry. "I think we should move on now." He kicked a bit more dirt over the grave, and they walked off. xxxxxxx *Quotations in italics from The Return of the King , Book VI, Chapter VIII, "The Scouring of the Shire"