rocket exploded across the sky, Paladin came forward to where the bonfire was set up, and at his signal all the hobbits gathered in a large circle to hold hands and to sing what was known as "The Tuckborough Carol": "Light the Yule log, blazing cheer, Giving warmth this time of year. Turning back all thoughts of fear, As we hold close our loved ones dear! The day is short; the night is long. Against the dark we sing this song- Let our hearts be filled with light And may the world again grow bright! We put up many stores ahead Against the cold months left to tread. Shall we now have meat and bread? Our bodies and our hearts be fed! The day is short; the night is long. Against the dark we sing this song- Let our hearts be filled with light And may the world again grow bright! Though the world is dark and cold, While we have a hand to hold, And we are safe within the fold, Our spirits may be brave and bold! The day is short; the night is long. Against the dark we sing this song- Let our hearts be filled with light And may the world again grow bright! Light the Yule log, blazing cheer, Giving warmth this time of year. Turning back all thoughts of fear, As we hold close our loved ones dear! " Gandalf blinked back unaccustomed tears, and turned to Bilbo. "I do think, Bilbo, old friend, that I will have some of that apple-brandy punch now!" Bilbo grinned and the two friends made their way to the punch bowl. The musicians were tuning up for dancing. Esmeralda was up on the bandstand with her fiddle, and Ferdinand with his Tookish pipes. Pearl had her tambour. Cousin Hildigar had his lute, and Aunt Peridot her lap-harp, and Uncle Everand had his drum. Soon music filled the Green Hills, and hobbits were dancing about the bonfire-and after a few cups of the punch, so was one wizard. Many of the children were joining in the circle dances, while others were running about playing. Bilbo spotted Frodo dancing Circle of Joy, his favourite dance, with little Pervinca. Merry was wrestling with Fatty. Bilbo glanced around. Pimpernel was over there with some lasses, playing a clapping game. Paladin and Eglantine were surrounded by Tooks, all of them eager to tell him of how dreadful life in the Great Smials was under Lalia's firm thumb. Where was young Pippin? Just then, Gandalf came to stand by Bilbo, slightly out of breath. "Bilbo, Bilbo-have I ever told you that hobbits are amaz-amazing creatures? Truly amazing. Have I told you that?" "Gandalf! I do believe you are tipsy!" "Quite likely. That punch has quite a punch," and then Gandalf chuckled at his own joke. "Have you seen little Pippin?" "Little Pippin? No, I don't suppose I have…shall we go look for him? But perhaps I should have some more punch first…" "No, Gandalf, I don't think so. I think some fresh air will be better for you. Let us see if we can find Pippin. I have a feeling that it would be a good idea." The two looked carefully around the edges of the crowd. Gandalf had no trouble seeing over the heads of the crowd. "There he is! Over by the bonfire." The wizard peered more closely. "Good heavens! What is he doing?" "What?" asked Bilbo sharply. "Quickly," said Gandalf. He hurriedly made his way to the bonfire, with Bilbo trotting at his heels-what *was* that lad doing? Gandalf reached down. "Here, my lad! I'll take those." He reached down and took a handful of sparklers from Pippin's hand. "Were you going to light *all* of those at one time, Peregrin Took?" Earnest green eyes gazed back. "Yes! I thought they would look grand all lighted up together!" Bilbo picked Pippin up. "That is *not* a good idea, child! It could be very dangerous to light so many at once." "Oh." They carried the lad over to his parents, who looked askance. "Don't ask," said Bilbo. Paladin and Eglantine looked at one another with alarm, but their attention was drawn away by some of the other hobbits. Bilbo and Gandalf hurried away, to avoid any awkward questions. "I suppose that I will have to tell them," said Bilbo, "but I think it can wait until tomorrow. I have never known a child so young who could find so many ways to fall into trouble! It will be a miracle if he lives to grow up." Gandalf stopped for a moment, and stared up at the sky. "He will live to grow up. That child has a destiny." Bilbo looked startled. "Gandalf?" For an instant, Gandalf paid him no mind, and then he shook his head and looked down. "I'm sorry, Bilbo. I seem to have forgotten what I was going to say. I think I may have indulged in a bit too much of the punch. I think that I shall retire now." Bilbo watched him walk away, his tall form swaying just a bit. "I'm sure," he said to himself, "that it must have been the apple-brandy talking. But it's been a splendid Yule! Why, I don't think there has been such a lovely Yule here since Grandfather Gerontius' time!" xxxxx Far away in the Southfarthing, at the Hornblower family estate, Southfork, Lalia looked out her window, as she prepared to retire. The wedding had been every bit as extravagant as she had expected, and the Yule celebration afterwards had been magnificent. As her maid came to help her get ready for bed, Lalia smiled. She had been treated to a bountiful feast, and had received an expensive gift of a gold bracelet from the Hornblower himself. "I have had a splendid Yule, Begonia. I am glad I could see my way clear to attending." "Yes, ma'am." "After all, Yule at the Great Smials is always such a dreary affair."