and video rentals with the supposed intent of buying allergy medicine and to send a letter to her parents in Hong Kong (it had taken a long time to cultivate the misinformation that the Mathesons didn't have reliable internet access. In Hong Kong of all places). I would go to the student union and buy up soda, with the cover story of a study group on the quad. I'd smuggle them in my book bag and we'd have a party. We usually skipped dinner, preferring to indulge on pizza rolls cooked in the 3rd floor microwave, ramen cooked over our illegal hotplate we hid in Ellette's sock drawer during the Witch's inspections, and lots, and lots of junk food. We ate so healthy in the dining hall we had to blow it every now and then for our sanity. Usually we invited the rest of the Fellowship over, so I sent them all texts while I set up the DVD player, waiting for Ellette to get back. I opened one of my sodas, Fresca to be exact. I was the only one I knew besides my mother who would drink it, so I had no fear of Ellette or Merry stealing my soda. Julie and Heather preferred water, though they'd take a diet soda if the desire struck them. I didn't have the self-control. I needed my sugary, grapefruity goodness. I set the Fresca on my night table, and stood up to open the door when I heard a knock. Ellette, weighed down with groceries she managed to slip past the Witch, couldn't get the knob herself. "Back," she said, and held up a DVD case triumphantly. "And we are totally watching 12 Monkeys." I grinned. I couldn't wait to see Heather's face when she eagerly started watching her favorite actor Brad Pitt and realizing we sprung a bizarre science fiction movie on her. We were evil. Definitely. "Pop it in. The girls are on their way over," I explained. I hopped up on my bed, and started playing with my koosh ball, tossing it back and forth between my hands. Ellette put the DVD in, and the creepy menu screen music started playing. Ellette went to work putting cold groceries in our mini fridge. We wouldn't cook anything until the other girls got there, to divvy up portions to everyone's satisfaction. We never could tell if Julie would be on one of her strange health kicks. I tossed the koosh to Ellette when she turned around, and she caught it flawlessly. Guess skipping Gym had no averse effects on the girl. "Three Day Weekend, Hallelujah!" she announced, and tossed it back at me. However, this time, it hit the lamp on my night table, which knocked over into the open can of Fresca. It went tumbling over the edge of my desk, drenching the wall socket with carbonated deliciousness. All the lights in the dorm flickered a few times before turning off and the TV went dead. We heard screams split through the dorms. So maybe Ellette shouldn't have skipped Gym... "Dammit!" I cried, and grabbed a lighter from the drawer. Candles weren't allowed either, but we hid those in along with the hot plate and candy. I pulled one out from under my bed and lit it, trying to find Ellette in the darkness. I saw her figure in the candle light, moving towards me, and suddenly stumbling over something on the floor. She cursed viciously, pain lancing her voice. Another voice raised, saying something in a language I didn't understand. A very male voice. A very male voice with a British accent. "What the hell is a guy doing in our dorm?!" I screeched. "Would you kindly get off of me?" the male voice asked, presumably to Ellette. In the flickering candle light, she looked down at the person she was lying on top of, let out a little shriek of her own, and rolled off, crab walking backwards away from him until she ran into her bed. "Thank you." "What the hell is this? How'd you get in here so fast?" she asked, more worried than I. I stood up, and moved the candle to get a better look at our stranger. He had long arms and legs, with long hair as blonde as Merry's, pulled back. He had two knives and a quiver of arrows strapped to his back, and a bow lay at his side. He was clad in a tunic and leggings, and a cape tangled around his legs. He was beautiful, especially in the flattering candle light, and looked to be about five or six years older than myself. I couldn't tell his eyes in the darkness, but they were focused on me. "Where am I?" he asked, genuine confusion flooding his voice. "Well, man, that's a good question," I said, leaning away. I wasn't about to trust some fruitcake with a bow and arrows who randomly showed up in my dorm room. "I am not a Man," he retorted. He stood up, towering over me by at least a foot. Not that it was a hard thing to do. I was five feet and some change at a stretch. "I am the Prince of Mirkwood!" Ellette and I exchanged a disbelieving glance. "Ellette," I ventured, and turned back to look at the guy standing indignantly in front of us. "I blame it on the Fresca." Author's Note the Second: What do y'all think? Yes, I am aware it's cliche and Mary sue-ish, but tha's part of it's charm! Or something like that... anyway, I'm having way too much fun writing this. I don't know how frequent updates will be, as I'm busy with making costumes (ACEN is right around the corner, GUH!) and with college and all that jazz. But hopefully it won't be all that bad. :D I can't help but love my stories, even if the originals make me cringe... But anyway, review and tell me what you think!