want to help you." Elrond tried to say, but Legolas was getting worked up and was warming to his theme. "That is it, isnt it? All of you, trying to break me." Legolas got up and was pacing now, gaining the attention of everyone. "You are especially sneaky. You help me when I was injured, saw me weak. You helped me so I would trust you, and then you betrayed me!" Legolas was shouting now. "The Mirkwood elves didnt care; none of you care! I am just a lowly slave to you! If you believe you can bring me down, think AGAIN!" Legolas was so caught up in yelling at Elrond he didnt notice Glorfindel coming up behind him and landing a smart smack to his behind. Legolas jumped and whipped around. "Now, I believe that is quite enough of that." Glorfindel said calmly. His cool voice made Legolas even angrier and he swung at Glorfindel, who easily caught his arm, pushing it down. He put his hand on Legolas' head, holding him at bay. He allowed the elfling to swing at him, never coming close to actually hitting him. Rumil and Orophin watched, horrified. "Wow, if that had been us, we would not sit for a week!" Rumil whispered to Orophin, who nodded. Glorfindel let Legolas swing at him until he was exausted and just leaned wearily against the hand holding him up. He was red in the face and his voice hoarse from screaming profanity at the warrior. Now all he wanted to do was sleep. But Glorfindel wasnt going to let him off that easily. "Are you finished?" he asked lightly. Legolas blew out an irritated breath. "tired now? Are you going to listen?" Legolas immediately began yelling at Glorfindel again, trying to hit him. Glorfindel sighed. This was going to take a while. About an hour later, Legolas had completely lost his voice and was so tired Glorfindel was the only thing between Legolas and the ground. "Now you are going to listen and listen well, little one." Glorfindel said. Legolas shook his head, but didnt try to fight anymore. "You have a problem with authority. I understand that it is unfair that way you have been treated. But your behavior to your elders is completely unacceptable and if you were one of the elflings under my care, you would be sleeping on your stomach tonight. As it is, I will let you off with a warning of a very warm bottom if you EVER do this again, is that understood?" he didnt wait for the answer that was never going to come and continued. "We are trying to help you, but honestly, would King Thranduil really let you come with us if he thought we wouldnt be rough with you?" Legolas felt limp against his hand. The sound of Glorfindel's deep voice was draining Legolas of his anger and he felt like crying. "I promise you, you will not get treated like you were in Mirkwood, regardless of what you do. But you will have consequences. I am not being unfair, littlest one." Legolas, for the first time, looked up and met Glorfindel's eyes. "Ask Rumil or Orophin if they have ever gotten away with anything close to the little performance you have put on tonight. You can make this easy or you can make this hard. Either way, once you are a warrior, you will thank us for giving you boundaries and administering discipline." There was a pause while Glorfindel allowed his words to sink in. "May I go to bed now?" Legolas asked in a small voice. Glorfindel was inwardly relieved, but all he did was nod and moved his hand away from Legolas' forehead so he could go past him to lay out a bedroll. Elrond smiled once Legolas laid down and was facing away from the others. "He is testing you." he said quietly. He knew Legolas was defying Glorfindel by laying with his back to him, like he was ignoring him. "Aye. I know. But I think he got the message, it is just taking it a while to sink in. He does not trust us yet, so he behavior can be excused for the moment." Glorfindel crossed his arms and sighed. "but once we get to Imladris, he is going to get a wake-up call he cannot ignore." Elrond smirked at that. He could tell Glorfindel and Legolas were going to be butting heads quite a lot, but he also knew it was probably going to be good for them both. Elladan and Elrohir were already brought up right, despite their mischief and never earned more then a few smacks to the bottom. Legolas, it seemed, was very wild and very stubborn. He was almost looking forward to watching their power struggle. After everyone was in bed, Rumil tapped Legolas on the shoulder, making him roll over. "What?" he hissed, but without any real venom. He was tired and Glorfindel's scolding still shocked him. "I just thought I'd warn you; I would listen to Elrond and obey Glorfindel if I was you." Rumil said. "what you did tonight was foolish and dangerous. If I ever did something like that, not only would Haldir light me up, but I'd most likely feel Celeborn's belt as well." Legolas rolled his eyes. Typical elfling, he thought. "I'd been beaten so badly I couldnt stand up. I have scars from horsewhips and other things you couldnt even dream up. I am not afraid of Glorfindel nor Elrond. They should be afraid of me." Legolas said. Rumil's jaw dropped. "Shh, you do not want anyone to hear you." Rumil put a finger to his lips and gave a cautious look around the campsite. "I'm not going to envy you if you disrespect either of them again." Rumil rolled over, still shaking his head. I'll show them, Legolas thought. I'll show them I will not be beaten, not this time! Smiling contently, Legolas fell asleep.