clear blue eyes, the same shade as his father's, shone back at her. "You are a good friend, Lona." "Good that we cleared that up. Otherwise I will have to start suspecting you are only here for my cookies," she said, laughing. The ellon grinned sheepishly, "Not just the cookies! Lona, you are good at making anything. The best!" Lona shook her head at him, eyes dancing. "I won't claim to be the best cook ever, though since I've somehow managed to keep you from growing up a gangly ellon I must have some skill," she stopped to brush some of the cookie crumbs off the front of his tunic. "How an elf manages to grow big and strong on sugar alone is a mystery." "Ada loves sweets! If he can become a strong warrior and eat it I don't see why I should not." She leaned down to whisper conpiratorially in his ear, as if sharing a secret hidden from the rest of the world. "Your father has a sweet tooth, my Prince, but he still eats his vegetables." The mortification on his face showed her all she needed and she smiled inwardly at her success in convincing the blonde prince to eat more greens. She pulled the half-empty cookie jar from the counter top beside him, evoking a small protest from the still cookie nibbling Prince. "No more cookies for those who skip dinner," she said sternly. Legolas bemoaned his fate for a minute, before settling back into his place on his stool. His curious blue eyes studied the various parts of the kitchen, which stood still alive with different processes of cooking. He had once asked his father if he could work in the kitchen. But he had quickly been shot down, apparently the kitchen was not a workplace befitting of a Prince. Or so his grandfather had said, at least. His father had continued the verdict, but no one could stop him from lingering there when he wished. He only did so though when Lona permitted it, which meant one could find him here mostly in the mornings, when it was often just herself readying the ovens and stoves for the days work. Folding his arms over his knees, he rested his chin against them. "I missed you at the feast, you know." She did not face him, but continued stirring the soup. "I know." "Is it because of father?" Legolas knew that Lona and the king had been friends at one point, but the two of them had always acted courteous around each other from the first time Legolas met her. Like a proper King and his servant. Always with a barrier between them. It was sad, because his father had few real friends, and he thought the King might like having her as a friend. Legolas certainly did. "No, little leaf," Lona answered as she sighed tiredly. "I.. I am tired of banquets and balls and feasting under the stars. I am tired of dancing ." Legolas laughed, a childish laughter that always reminded her of the child he had once been. "You are acting like you are old, Lona. Which I know is not true because you laugh a lot more than Ada's old councillors," he gave her a pointed look, "and they are old." "Being old and feeling old is two different things, my Prince." Stoking the fire in the stove, she accidentally burned herself on the warm hatch, which caused her to hiss. With lightening speed, her hand was pulled away and put in a basin of chilled water. Legolas flattened out her palm underneath the surface with his hands, to allow him to see the burn properly. "It is nothing," she insisted. "A minor burn compared to what I have acquired in the past." "Ada always says a lady needs to care for her hands." The blonde ran his fingertip along the redness of the burn. "You have working hands, very different from those of my aunt, but important none the less." He wrapped the hand in a clean kitchen towel, taking care not to press unnecessarily on the wound. "Thank you, little Leaf," she said as she took the bound hand and held it to her. Her other reached up to stroke the top of his golden head, even though he had grown past her height and reaching so high became a hard task in itself. The clearing of a throat alerted them to Galion, where he stood at the entrance. "My Prince, I have searched for you." He forced a smile on his face despite the fact that he wanted to scold the boy, but remembering the King's surprise and happiness from earlier he reined in his anger. "Come, your father is calling for you." Lona watched the young Prince as his eyes bounced from one to the other. His eyes finally settled on her and she had to smile at the innocent question in his eyes. "It is okay. The others will soon be back." Lona eye-smiled at Galion for a moment before waving the blonde off. "Scurry off, little Leaf, and share your adventures with your father." The Prince grinned, waving goodbye enthusiastically even as Galion rolled his eyes at the sight. Once the Prince had run down the hall. a grateful smile graced Galion's features and he bowed slightly to her, before he turned the corner, leaving her alone in the kitchen. Without the incessant talking of the Prince, the kitchen fell silent, and only the sound of bubbling pots remained. Another day which heralded another week's beginning was over. She lifted the kitchen towel and stared down at the burn, a soft smile dawning on her lips. Moving to the cabinet where she kept the first aid equipment in case of any injuries occurring in the kitchen, she lifted the almost empty jar of salve used for burns and cuts. Yes. Tomorrow was a new day. #To be continued... Translations Ada – Father, Dad