asked him to come to him once he knew. "Fin?" The blonde perked to attention, finding those deep eyes hidden from him. "Yes?" "I..." Erestor pondered what to say for a moment. His tongue barely co-operating. "I've been thinking." There was a clinking of metal on ceramic. He could feel Glorfindel's eyes on him and his heart raced at the attention. Raising his eyes, he found Glorfindel almost frozen in place, barely breathing at all. Erestor swallowed, feeling the intensity of what he was about to say. "I think I could come to care for you." He hesitated for a second. "To love you, I mean. It's still complicated, but I realized no other could make my heart race like you. Nor can I imagine kissing another... I can still feel it etched into my memory..." When there was still no response, Erestor continued, though with considerably more pause. "I've never been in love before, Glorfindel. Not for real. So I don't really know what it feels like. But if it is much like what I feel for you, I am not adverse to exploring it further." The plate flew out of his hand, the spoon joining it in a clutter on the soft rug by the bed. Though Erestor would be hard pressed to notice, for he was thoroughly occupied by the blonde stealing a passionate kiss from his lips. Glorfindel's fingers caressed his face, as if memorizing its shape while staring into Erestor's half-covered eyes. The intensity of Glorfindel poured over him again. Embedding Erestor in his scent, his taste and the feel of him. He felt like he could lose himself in it forever. His hold on reality fading quickly the way Glorfindel's gentle touches coaxed his skin – his heart – awake from years of idleness. When they finally ran out of air they pulled apart. But Glorfindel remained close, linking their foreheads together and staring into Erestor's eyes with such radiant joy. "You do not realize how happy you just made me." Erestor's cheeks were a deep shade of rose, a fetching color on the otherwise pale skin. Glorfindel would happily stare at it for the rest of his days, if only it kept Erestor with him. The brunette was fragile, as frail as the first blossom of spring. Glorfindel feared letting him out of his sight now that he was finally becoming his. "I will treasure you, Erestor," Glorfindel whispered, taking note of the faint widening of dark eyes. His voice soothed the skittish brunette while pressing light kisses to the tip of Erestor's nose. "You will not regret your decision. I promise." .oOo. Snow piled on the roof outside the small window. The pale morning sun caused the white expanse to glitter like a sea of diamonds, a magical view to be sure, drawing a smile on his face. Feet raced up the stairs and Erestor barely managed to close his robe before a gangly teen came bumbling into the room. Still wearing the sparse morning stubble he started growing in the last year, he took no caution before launching himself at the older male. "Erestor!" The brunette caught the teen with a loud oomph, barely standing against the force of attack. "Erestor! When did you get here? Do Elladan and Elrohir know? You're still skinny. Are you eating enough?" Erestor held his hands up in surrender, trying to calm the flood of questions spewing out of the teen's mouth. "I'm fine, honeg. We arrived last night..." His warm eyes took in Estel's grown appearance. "You've sprouted like a sapling! Your presents won't fit you if you keep growing at this rate." "Erestor!" Estel bemoaned. "No ruining surprises. I know Santa's not real. But that doesn't mean I dislike the suspense of Christmas presents." "Oops!" Erestor grinned, watching the scruffy teen pull on his face in despair. He had missed his favorite nephew. His little honeg had grown up so fast. A banging sounded from downstairs. "Estel! Leave the poor man alone. It's still eight in the morning for heaven's sake!" They both flinched at the sharp order from Elrond. The male was particularly grumpy in the morning. The laughter that followed told them the twins had awoken from the racket. Erestor smiled, catching a whiff of the morning air. A faint smell of coffee and eggs filtered from the kitchen. Celebrian already up preparing breakfast. "I better get down." Estel said sheepishly. "I will never hear the end of it if I don't." "I'll see you at breakfast." He hugged the boy. "Merry Christmas, honeg." "Merry Christmas, Erestor." Estel peeked over Erestor's shoulder, grinning. "Merry Christmas, Fin!" Erestor closed the door behind him, striding back over to the window sill. Light glinted off the gold bands. Aligned perfectly in the soft, satin covered cushion they were situated in. He carefully snapped the box shut. Peering at the winter landscape with a wistful expression on his face. "Come back to bed, Erestor." The covers were held up invitingly, tempting with its promise of warmth and something more. Erestor smiled, shaking his head in disbelief. Seating himself on the edge of the bed, he asked, "How can you possibly sleep on a day like this?" The blond only drew him close, disregarding the fact that Erestor still wore his thin robe as he forced Erestor to stretch out beside his languid form. Glorfindel buried his head into the nook between neck and shoulder. His golden tresses tickling Erestor's nose. Glorfindel pressed a kiss on the bare skin of Erestor's neck, relishing in his beloved's presence. Slowly drifting back to sleep despite Erestor's protests. "Eight in the morning is far too early to wake up," Glorfindel murmured, drowsily. "Even if it is our wedding day." Erestor smiled, because he had gotten the best Christmas present of all: A life with the love of his life. From this day forth. #The End Translations: Ada – father Nana - mother Ion – son Honeg – little brother