he asked, eyes drowning with emotion. The wet nurse flitted a glance at Glorfindel for permission, the blonde only smiling in response. "Of course, my Lord," she said, gently laying the bundled child in his waiting arms. Elrond adjusted the babe in his arms with a practiced ease of a many times father. His face softening as he watched the tiny face scrunch up from the light tickle his draped hair bestowed on him. "You know, I have been meaning to ask you if you'd like to watch him sometime," Glorfindel said slowly, as if hesitating. "For a couple of hours. Just long enough so that I can surprise Erestor with that candle light dinner I planned in celebration of the birth." Silver eyes rose to his, amused, "You think Erestor would want to part from him this soon?" Elrond was well aware of the nervous disposition new mothers – or in this case fathers – had towards leaving their child so soon after the birth. Elrond himself had felt it impossible to turn his ever guarding eye away from his twins until they were well over two months old. Something that had irked Celebrian to no end. "I'm sure I can get him to agree with a little persuasion ." Elrond blinked at the sly grin on the balrog slayer's face. The expression made him seem like an overgrown child that had just found the cookie jar. "If he's fine with it, I have no objections." Elrond shifted the babe, watching those eyes flutter slightly and the haze leave them, revealing the familiar blue eyes of his friend. Tiny hands reached out to swipe at the offending dark strands hanging above him, the movement almost like a game since the child couldn't seem to manage pushing them all out of the way at the same time. "I would be careful-!" Glorfindel started to warn, but winced as Laurië made a sharp yank on a strand of hair. Elrond gave a soft laugh, well accustomed to babies trying to pull his hair out. Determined not to be outdone, Elrond gathered a tail of hair in his hand, using the brush like end of it to tickle the babe. The child squirmed, not yet knowing how to laugh, tongue peeking out playfully as chubby hands swatted at the hair. It was a delight Elrond had not seen for a long time; the innocent joy on a child's face. "I hope my son isn't causing too much trouble," came the low drawl from the door. Erestor, freshly bathed and looking awake despite the dark shadows beneath his eyes, smiled at the sight of the gathered elves. "I thought you'd sleep in," Glorfindel said, turning his face up to accept the morning kiss Erestor liked to press to the corner of his lips. "I was restless," Erestor replied, slipping over to tickle Laurië's stomach, relishing in the recognition that showed in the boy's eyes. "You could have woken me up, Fin. Or at least told me you're taking him up. I never want to desperately search the bedcovers for him ever again." He watched a brow fly up on Elrond's face. "You brought him back to bed?" The sheepish look Erestor shot him answered the question for him. Erestor slumped down in the chair beside him, sighing, "It turns out he sleeps better near us than in the crib. I had been up three times already when I decided to indulge myself." Glorfindel frowned, hands pouring a strong cup of tea for his love. "You could have woken me up." Erestor leveled him with a gaze, unamused. "Trust me, it was not from lack of trying that I allowed you to sleep." The twins snickered in the background and Glorfindel had the grace to flush faintly. Erestor had pointed out time and time again how hard it was to wake him, but he had never really believed him. The warrior usually stirred from the smallest of noises out on patrol. Was he so relaxed in his ways when he slept at home that he couldn't even hear the cries of his son? "I am sorry." Glorfindel promised himself to do better, he couldn't let Erestor take all the work night after night. "You are forgiven. Allowing me to sleep in once in a while is more than enough to brighten my mood." Erestor glanced at Elrond, sharing a smile with him as they delighted in teasing the blonde. "So. How about all of us head out into the garden today? The weather is wonderful." Elrond ignored the enthusiastic noises from his sons, concentrating on Erestor. "Sure. I think you and I both can use a bit of sun." He watched the dreamy expression take over Erestor's face, the elf imagining his favorite past time; lounging in the warm sun. "I'm sure we can all take turns watching Laurië. You'd get some sunbathing done." Erestor sent an almost begging look in Glorfindel's direction and the blonde laughed. "That does sound wonderful." "I'll pack snacks!" Elrohir shouted as he sprinted across the room. "Don't forget strawberries!" Elladan called after him, remembering Erestor's fondness for the fruit. He rubbed the back of his head embarrassed as he watched Erestor beam at him. His father's own face looked thoroughly amused by the concern Elladan was showing. Elrond knew instantly that Elladan planned to use the morning to hoard Laurië all for himself. The bribe of strawberries ensured him first place to play with the elfling. It was acceptable, as Elrond conceded that the new parents needed some time to relax. Their makeshift family was there to help after all. Elrond held the child closer to him, enjoying the sparkle in the boy's lively eyes. You really do shine, Laurië. More than you know. Because, yes, for the first time in many years, light returned to the House of Elrond. Filling their life with happiness and love once again. -oOo- END -oOo- Laurië – meaning goldenness; like gold