the young woman, assessing the state of her injuries and appearance. First to catch his attention were the girl's clothes. They appeared to be made out of wool or cotton, but they were so damaged and dirty he couldn't tell much from them. Looking closely at her face, Aragorn estimated her age around nineteen summers old and her features looked very similar to those of the people of Rhune, the Easterlings. Her hair was long and black, though it was hard to tell with how dirty it was and in the dark. She was short, about the height of his chest when standing, he guessed, and though her frame was thin, she had the muscle tone of one who spent a lot of her time outdoors. The only thing that contested that thought though was that her skin was as fair and smooth as a noblewoman's. Once done with taking in her appearance, he then moved on to her injuries, only to grimace at the state she was in. The girl's left arm lay limply on the ground beside her and the shoulder was swollen and turning black and blue. ' Dislocated shoulder, ' Aragorn surmised as he continued with his examination of the limb and found her forearm was broken as well. He then moved to examine her head when he noticed the skin on the left side of her face was discolored. Reaching over, he gently gripped her chin and turned her face into the light to get a better look. Aragorn brushed her long bangs aside and frowned when a large, fresh burn was revealed that covered most of the left side of her face, including her eye. Aragorn then tenderly touched the raw, oozing skin and lifted the girl's left eyelid and had to resist the urge to jerk his hand away from the now revealed eye. The girl's left eye was completely white, the pupil so clouded over he could hardly see it in the moonlight. He then checked her other eye for damage and was relieved to find a normal dark brown eye staring back at him unseeingly. As he pulled himself up and looked over her whole body once more, his eyes then caught sight of the small puddle of blood and a strange yet familiar object that was sticking out from underneath the girl's body. Gently turning her body on her uninjured side, Aragorn managed to pull the object out from under her, revealing it to be a bow which he set on the ground beside him, and then turned to look at the girl's injured back. Stretching from her right shoulder down to her left him was a large yet shallow gash. It wasn't life threatening and it was already scabbing over and stopped bleeding, but Aragorn still made a note to check it for infection later on. Turing back to the bow at his side, he examined the weapon. The bow itself was about five feet in length and made of a strange light yet strong wood stained a dark brown with a leather handgrip a few inches below the middle of the bow. The string was made of a strangle woven fiber that he'd never seen before, yet when he pulled it back found it to be as strong as any other bow string. Feeling something nudge his foot, Aragorn glanced down to see the dog pushing a rather large quiver filled with equally long arrows. The ranger was startled from his observation of the bow and quiver when the girl's eyelids flickered and a low moan escaped her lips. Hearing the girl stir, the dog whimpered loudly as it scampered over to her side. Seeing that the dog wasn't attacking his friend, Fletcher carefully approached and squatted beside Aragorn. He glanced down at the girl and was unable to suppress his wince when he got a good look at her injuries. "What are we going to do with her, Aragorn?" he quietly inquired, his eyes expertly assessing her various injuries. "She is in need of immediate medical attention and neither of us have the supplies needed to treat her injuries. The best thing we can do for her is to take her back to camp and treat her there. I'll carry her, you take her weapon and quiver. Don't worry about the dog, I have a feeling he'll follow after us all on his own." As he finished speaking, Aragorn gently scooped the girl up into his arms and shifted her body around until he had a better hold and then started his way up and out of the crater. Fletcher picked up the bow with a whistle of admiration and slung the quiver over his shoulder. When he glanced at the dog, he was surprised to see it staring at him with intelligent eyes. "Well, come along... boy?" a quick check later, "Yes, that's what you are. Come along then boy, the sooner we get back to camp, the sooner you can see your master again." And then as he made his way up the rocky slope, he heard the clacking of claws against stone following behind. Well, there you have it. That's the new and improved first chapter, hope you like it. Please read and review. *Elvish Translation: - Telin le thaed = I've come to help you - Av-'osto = Don't be afraid - Boe de nestad = It is necessary to heal her Update 9/28/2014: I have made many changes to this chapter. Mostly grammar changes. I did decide to change the crossbow into a bow, because it just didn't feel right to me anymore. The bow I had chosen for her to use now is a traditional Japanese Yumi bow, more specifically the Hanky ū version. The Yumi is usually taller than the archer, but the Hanky ū is a shorter variant, that's why I decided to use that type. There's a reason I chose this bow, so keep reading to find out.