"Thank you so much." Please, PLEASE, make this whole mission bearable and short. I wondered if there'd be the slightest chance that I die from jumping off the horses as we passed over some sharp jagged rocks. It was so tempting...And I thought that maybe if I killed myself (and if I could somehow manage to kill Miss Perfect too), I'd manage to save us the trouble of avoiding the whole pilgrimage of the Ring and preventing a very possible apocalypse for this world. Sure, it'd be a gruesome way to go but I really don't see an exit door anywhere. By now, I was pretty sure that we were in the time of the Ring-being-discovered-and-Frodo-going-to-Rivendell time period since that was usually the starting point for most "fallers". It was like a default option for a reset game. So, I presumed we were heading towards Rivendell. Avoiding the fellowship is going to be a pain no matter how large the place is… Maybe I could try investing a leash for Miss Perfect…If the elves don't kill me first for it. The trip was filled in a mound of absolute awkwardness. And I'm pretty sure if we were forced to camp out, it would have been even more awkward. And I'd probably have to spend the whole night watching the elves moon over Miss Mary-Sueness. Fortunately I was spared of inwardly killing myself, as we neared structures that weren't trees, which led me to presume they were buildings. I almost let out a sigh of relief. But then, those elves intimidated me way too much to make any sound that may have annoyed the hot headed ones to my extinction (elves can get angry too…I saw that firsthand, didn't it?). Sure, it wasn't enough for me to say one curt comment. But that was my limit from, you know, possible certain death…or punishment. Whatever floats their boat. I hadn't exactly made my way into their hearts or their "People Worth Acknowledging Their Existence" list. The question of whether she made either of those items is any likely answer (all the ones that point to YES ). Anyway, I was adamant to keeping the visage of the quiet little girl who didn't mean anything. The less influence I had on these characters, the better. Of course, the same couldn't be said of Miss Perfect as the slightest flip of her hair sent eyes in her direction. It was like a disgusting ritual I had to witness multiple times because I had the good fortune to get myself a front seat. I definitely need to get her a leash. She was horrible at keeping a low profile (though I doubt she'd ever want to). The only thought that kept me going mad and strangling her from this annoyance was that this quality would make her a crappy ninja/spy/assassin. She didn't deserve to be badass. As we neared the entrance, I got a feeling of déjà vu. In this current situation, I felt a groan of exasperation threaten to escape my lips. Familiarity was not a welcome feeling for this disaster. No, it only proved my theory correct. It sucked being right. It was a thrilling moment. To enter their homeland; absolutely stunning and beyond words. I only knew then that my father would have to talk to their architect, for he must have been the protégé of architecture. The light of the sun hit the buildings so perfectly and gently, it was like magic. I could not help myself but wonder if I, myself, were to be embodied into a structural building; I would be a somewhat similar structures as these. Of course, I would be a miracle upon all architecture. It would only make sense that I would be a world wonder and that all would flock in my direction-...No, wait…That already happens! Oh, I am so witty! As I smiled, I could not help but noticed their eyes glancing at me. A light thumping in my chest quickened at their attention. My father and mother wouldn't approve…But they weren't here! The thought was enough to excite my blood even more. As fabulously wonderful you all may assume of a beauty like myself to experience, with doting parents. They were protective of me. Very protective. I believe, there is no way for me to express this to accuracy. Oh yes, we would go to all the balls, I would flirt with the poor princes who fantasized of me upon sight, but would never be allowed any time alone and unaccompanied. No kisses. No embraces. No, all those were reserved for my loving mother and father and would later ritualistically watch me as the maids tucked me in and readied me for bed. It was all very understandable. I was a treasure to be protected. And though some may call my parents rash as they forbid me from going anywhere (even the lavatories, dear goodness!) without being accompanied with a torrent of maids and servants, I had always heard tell tale of the other princesses (not nearly beautiful as I, of course) who were under much worse circumstances. Some were locked in towers, under lock and key with only a window to look out, while others were hidden away in forests that the most normal of men would never dare to enter. Both prisons seemed absolutely horrid to me, and I prayed each and every night that my parents would never grow accustomed to such an idea! Wasn't a 12 foot iron clad wall enough? As repulsive as it was, father and mother always insisted it were for my protection… Which leads me to another question. If such precautions were taken for me to stay safe within the walls, how have I come to be here? Beyond my home? END OF CHAPTER 1! Okay, feedback time! Or not. It totally depends on you, just thanks for reading! Hopefully you'll stay tuned for Chapter 2. There's more to these two girls than you assume.