the hilt and pulled the sword out. The weight felt right in his hands. The shaking stopped immediately with the deadly power they now held. Saurman had trapped him within his mind, but he was free now and his sword was demanding blood. "Where is Grima?" Hama dropped his gaze to the floor. Aragorn shifted slightly to his left foot as he watched the soldier seemed to deflate. The worm had gotten away. "He alluded us, sire. We tried to capture him once Gandalf freed you from Saurman, but we had no luck. He took a horse from your stable and headed off in the direction of Isengard. We could not follow to where he was going. Saurman would have seen." The king took a deep, slow breath. He was hoping to give his sword the blood it craved. He took him his four new guests one more time. Something was not right. Someone was missing. "Where is Theodred? Where is my son?" !#$&()!#$&()!#$&()!#$&()!#$&()!#$&() The burial was beautiful and Eowyn gifted her uncle with her voice in song for the occasion. She missed her brother, Eomer, and her cousin, Theodred, but was glad to have her uncle, Théoden, back. As she walked back to the gates, she glanced back over her shoulder towards the grave sight. Théoden and Gandalf talking. When her uncle fell to his knees in tears, she almost ran back to him. A horse on the hill stopped her. The children needed help. !#$&()!#$&()!#$&()!#$&()!#$&()!#$&() "They had no warning. They were unarmed. Now the wild men are moving through the Westfold, burning as they go -- rick, cot and tree." Eowyn rose to her feet. The children were eating now and had stopped crying. They were still asking for their mother. She tried to keep them as calm as possible. Théoden sat upon his thrown with Gandalf at his side. Aragorn and Gimli were seated at a table in the middle of the room finishing with their dinner. The elf was still standing and still was not completely comfortable. These were the people that locked him in a cell in their very halls. It was going to take some getting used to. "This is but a taste of the terror that Saruman will unleash. All the more potent for he is driven mad by fear of Sauron. Ride out and meet him head on. Draw him away from your women and children. You must fight!" Gandalf was passionate in his plea. He had seen glimpses of what was to come when he had battled the second time with Saurman. Things were set into motion that would not be stopped until the ring was destroyed in the fires. Théoden needed to put his people in motion and help in the fight. Théoden was not happy with being told what to do, but out of guilt to what he had allowed to happen to Gandalf and the three others, he held his tongue. Sauron could not want Rohan. Gondor was a better target. The king let his gaze fall on who he thought to be a simple ranger. How wrong he had been. The power of a king, the future king of Gondor. The man was sitting at his table in his great hall. He should feel honored and show respect. But Rohan owed nothing to a man who was not even king to a land that did nothing to help Rohan. "You have two thousand good men riding north as we speak. Eomer is loyal to you. His men will return and fight for their King." Aragorn had a feeling that the king was not happy with his or his companions presence in Rohan. Guilt for their false entrapment was a part of it, but Aragorn had a feeling it was the knowledge of who he was that caused the bigger problem. Théoden looked hard at the ranger, "They will be three hundred leagues from here by now. Eomer cannot help us. I know what it is you want of me. But I will not bring further death to my people. I will not risk open war." It was a battle between the two men. Legolas could feel the tension pouring off Aragorn. He kept himself in check and stayed out of it. His cheek stilled ached and he had no desire to open the cut by allowing himself into the argument. He held nothing against the people of Rohan. They hadn't done this to them. And they had been willing to help them when they were out. Healers had looked at his wounds and they were allowed to get clean. New clothes were always nice no matter in what situation. Gimli took a deep slip of his brew. Some ran down his beard, but he didn't care. It would help kill any spiders that managed to stay in there even after his bath. He belched loudly and looked directly to Aragorn. "Open war is upon you, whether you would risk it or not." Théoden glared steel at the other man, "When last I looked, Théoden, not Aragorn, was King of Rohan." Gandalf knew the situation was going to get out of hand. He was going to have to end this before things got worst. These two men were going to have to help each other in order for either to be successful. Prejudices on Théoden's part were going to have to be ignored and Aragorn was going to have to accept who he was and the power he truly held. "Then what is the king's decision?" The hall went quiet. Things were set into motion. All men alike, plus an elf and a dwarf, were going to face things unknown. Cells and hells were left behind. New ones were going to take their place. More blood would be shed. More lives would be lost. New chills ran down Aragorn's spine. This time his sweat was warm, not cold. The future was coming, and it was coming now. Fin