Stop. Erestor moaned into the kiss, allowing Glorfindel's strong hand buried in his hair to pull him deeper into the kiss. Nipping at Erestor's bottom lip, the blonde released him before allowing the elf some distance. Glorfindel watched in the dark as the clearly affected elf panted softly. Sweet breath caressing the balrog slayer's lips intimately with each exhale. "Don't speak nonsense, Erestor. If you have energy for such things I know better activities I'd rather engage in..." Glorfindel murmured teasingly to lighten the mood, but not without a hint of seriousness to it. He had been without a very long time and at this moment Glorfindel's body ached to reacquaint itself with his love's flesh. Erestor pouted, a rare sight. "I was attempting to be romantic." "And I'm saying I can feel your intentions without you wording them." He pulled the slender elf down over himself again, pushing Erestor's face into the crook of his neck despite the elf's protests so that he could rest his chin atop Erestor's head. Relenting, Erestor slithered one arm to rest along the blonde's side, feeling Glorfindel's chest expand slowly with each breath, filling him with reassurance. This was Glorfindel. His Glorfindel. The brunette rested against him, feeling life course through him. Erestor loved this elf. More than he ever thought he could love another being. He was an elf who had died for his city, who defended his people, his friends and family. Who could stand Erestor despite his faults. Who gave him a son, a family of his own. His own, foolish, terribly strong yet gentle balrog slayer. A shiver propagated through his skin and Erestor grew a bit more determined as he allowed his fingers to brush over expanses of golden flesh. "...Erestor..." "Shh..." Glorfindel closed his eyes. A harsh swallow constricting his throat. His hand gripped at the bedding as soft waves of pleasure travelled down his spine, each tender kiss pressed to his skin more searing than the last. Knuckles turned white as Glorfindel arched into the small touches. "I love you, Glorfindel." Erestor paused, face hovering millimeters from heated skin. His body tingled with the weight of his words. From the feelings he felt for this elf. " Forever ." Glorfindel gasped, " 'Til death... " " ...and the world is remade." Erestor grasped their hands together, weaving their fingers and set them on each side of his golden head. "Bound, my soul to yours." Clear blue stared up at him, lips slightly parted as if unable to comprehend his sudden difficulty to breathe. Or that they were this close, this merged in thought and voice. Using his speechless state against him, Erestor maneuvered one leg across Glorfindel's two. Gently adjusting his position while keeping his gaze locked with the blonde's. He could feel Glorfindel stir beneath him. Reaching out towards him through the warm haze. Tears slipped down Glorfindel's cheeks once they were joined, in body and soul, just as they had so many years ago. Erestor took it in stride, gently wiping down wet cheeks and whispering soft words in encouragement, drawing the blonde out. Beckoning. Strong hands clung to his back, nestled amongst the swaying strands. Trying to a keep hold on the focus of his current storm. Erestor was all his. His alone. "Please." Glorfindel quiverred on the inside, ready to break free. To release. "Please, Erestor." Erestor's dark eyes snapped shut, hands trembling faintly. Their fëa were mingling, reaching out and echoing each other's song. It was a beautiful moment and Erestor felt himself hope. For Glorfindel. For them and their future . For something that would last... " Forever." .oOo. Erestor found himself wringing his hands nervously as he watched, a curious looking Elrohir sitting by his side in the grass. He knew he was silly, that he should not be so worried. But it was impossible. Laurië let out another joyful peal, dark hair fanned out behind him. "Breathe, Erestor, breathe." Elrohir adjusted the lid on the wicker basket they had set between them. Full of chilled fruit and other sweet goodies. "Valar, you look like he's going to keel over and die any minute." "That is a very plausible outcome," Erestor bit out in a foreboding tone. Though, somewhere deep inside he knew that Glorfindel would sooner kill himself before he let his son be thrown and trampled to death beneath his loyal steed's hoves. Elrohir sighed. In the distance, Elladan shouted encouragements. Each word egged the elfling on further. Glorfindel stood cool as a lake and regally poised in the middle of the paddock. One hand keeping a firm hold of the long rope, ready to launch into action at a moments notice. His sharp eyes monitoring every move, every rippling muscle on the stallion's form. "Trust in Glorfindel." Elrohir felt a thrill watching the boy ride on his own, the small elf moving in tune with the powerful beast beneath him. Laurië had inherited Glorfindel's skill, that much was obvious. Elrohir did not doubt that he would be a fine rider with a bit more experience. "I am trying to." "No one knows Asfaloth better than he does," Elrohir reassured. "I know." Erestor dug his fingers into the fabric of his robe. "But it is Asfaloth ." Elrohir fumbled for words. Eyes switching from Erestor's pale features to the horse vibrating with restrained energy. The stallion kept glancing at its owner. A strange twitch set in its right ear. The boy seemed oblivious to the tic nor did he take notice of the agitated hitch Asfaloth's neck muscles did whenever the elfling pulled a bit too harshly on the rightsided reign. Elrohir tried to ignore the drop of prespiration that gathered at this temple. "Let us trust in Glorfindel..." he said slowly and none to convincingly. Erestor turned an annoyed glance his way. "As I said, I am trying to." -oOo- The End -oOo- AN: Too much drama/fluff/cliché? I can't seem to overcome this weakness... – DR