Did they not together take a simaril from the iron crown of Morgo…" "Do not speak that name here so openly!" Strider whispered, intensity in his voice. "How you have such knowledge and yet remained unknown to the rangers is beyond my grasp at present, however I shall ask no more of the matter until we are safely within the home of Elrond." "But…what happened to her, Luthien?" Frodo asked, still wishing to hear the end of the story. "She died…get some sleep, both of you," with that he turned around, back to watching the surrounding landscape. Hesitantly I too laid my head down, dozing off into an uneasy peace. Several nights later we came to a watch post which Strider described as Amon Sul, but I knew it as Weathertop. Knowing what was to come, I decided to sleep as much as possible before nightfall, and Strider went off to scout out the land. A terrible shriek woke me, apparently in my weariness I had slept through the hobbit's cooking fire. In fear the hobbits were huddled together, their swords drawn, I quickly followed suit. Grabbing a nearby chunk of wood I lit it in the fire, creating a makeshift torch, though it revealed little of the enclosing darkness. That's when I saw them, five black shapes derived from nightmares slowly inching their way towards us, I raised my sword in defense. They came simultaneously, walking side by side their swords unsheathed. A great fear I had never felt in my life struck me, though I knew what these things were, no matter what I told myself it seemed as if I had turned to ice on the inside. The inner cold made it difficult to breathe, as if the temperature around us had dropped drastically in the moments since the creatures appeared, I too backed up slowly with the hobbits. At first I was prepared to drop my sword and run, but Sam's valiant yet futile charge at the lead wraith snapped me out of it. Mustering all my will to movie I jumped upon the closest wraith, tackling him to the ground. Upon regaining my senses I swung the sword Strider had given me, yet he easily parried, its strength seemed unreal as it easily tossed me off it. It swung again, this time I parried, though I lost some footing as its sheer force knocked me back. As it came again I knew I could not win this way, so I threw my makeshift torch at the wraith as it came closer, the torch landed at its feet, setting the rim of its dark cloak aflame. Its screech seemed inhuman as it howled in pain, throwing itself from the tower. Confident of myself I grabbed the torch and turned to the others, to find three more approaching me, the fourth was busy with Frodo. I rose my sword in a pathetic defense, knowing I stood no chance against three of them, I expected to die. The three jumped back, the sight of dual torches setting them ablaze gave me hope, Strider had returned. Unfortunately though they were defeated Frodo was still wounded by the Morgul blade, we made all haste for Rivendell. After several days of constant travel we rested at the base of three solidified trolls, though I barely noticed them. In the night Strider approached me after tending to Frodo. "That was no small amount of courage you displayed upon Amon Sul my friend, few can say they have bested one of the nine in battle." "I only won because of the fire," I replied, not very proud of myself. "It was a far superior swordsman to me." "Yet you were the more clever, I admit that I did not trust you completely when I first laid eyes on you at Bree, but I can assure you that that is no more," he bowed slightly. "It will be an honor to fight alongside you should it come to that again." He paused before asking his next questing. "You said your name was Derek did you not, where are you from? "Yes I did," I replied hesitantly. I continued to explain to him everything that had happened since I opened the book, explaining that I came from another world with no way back. "Derek," Strider repeated once I had finished, stroking his chin. "That is an odd name for these parts, the enemy may grow suspicious of your origins, you shall need a new one." "What should I call myself?" I asked, unsure as to what names weren't odd for around here. "I have many names," replied Strider with a hearty chuckle. "You may have one of mine, for now you shall be called: Dunedan, after my people the Dunedain rangers." "Th-thank you," I stuttered as Strider bowed and returned to tending Frodo's wounds. I laid back down on the ground, falling into a weary trance. "Dunedan," I repeated. The sound of hoof beats interrupted my stupor; I prepared to draw my sword, until I realized it was not a ringwraith, but a tall rider upon a white horse. I could only guess that the rider was an elf, due to the pointed ears I saw protruding from his golden blonde hair. The elf spoke to Strider in a language I recognized as elvish from Strider's song the other night, before turning to me and speaking in English. "I am Glorfindel sent by the Lord Elrond to guide you." At least they didn't cut Glorfindel out this time , I thought to myself with a soft chuckle. (Yes I always hated how Glorfindel wasn't in the movie or animated movie) Whew, been wanting to redo this chapter for some time, though the changes aren't too large I think the added detail is worth it. I sort of rushed it the first time I made it, I hope you enjoy it even more than the first draft, review with your thoughts, sorry for the delays :)