was all happening too fast. He tightened his hold on narrow hips, but despite its strength it did nothing to stop the shorter elf from rising on his tip toes, face hovering close to his. "Erestor.. I.." He hesitated. The dark elf was painfully close, he could feel the puff of warm breath on his lips. "Shut up and kiss me." He knew not who acted first, but soon Erestor was crashing lips into his. Glorfindel was suddenly overcome by the sweetness that was Erestor. The elf's soft lips covered his, moving, teasing and dancing enticingly, drawing a pleasured gasp from him. Erestor didn't hesitate in taking the presented opening, diving in and deepening the kiss further. Slender arms wrapped around his neck and Glorfindel found himself struggling to stand while being assaulted by this dark, lustful creature. His fingers dug into hips as silky tongues battled for dominance, wrapping around each other and rubbing against the inside of his mouth. Struck by sudden need, Glorfindel pushed the smaller elf backwards, maneuvering them both closer towards the low stone bench in front of the balustrade. Once fixed against the immovable object he pushed the dark elf into a seat, Glorfindel prying the other elf's snaking hands off of himself and taking Erestor's slender wrists captive. The sudden release from the passionate kiss left them both breathless and panting for air. Erestor's face was flushed with unconcealed need. His lips parted, bruised and wonderfully ravished. Eyes remained half lidded and misty, the dark orbs staring transfixed at Glorfindel despite the sudden rough handling. Glorfindel stared down at Erestor with disbelief. All that he had worked for, planned even, for the day when he would finally have this delicious elf had come down to naught. Instead he, Glorfindel of Gondolin, had been seduced by this little minx like an elf barely out of his majority! He had been defeated at his own game! "Who are you and what have you done with Lord Erestor?" He did not even try to hide the disbelief that colored his voice, too concentrated was he on reining in his body's reaction to their little passionate encounter. The words seemed to take a few seconds until they finally sunk in fully, drawing a laugh from the dark elf. Erestor couldn't help but find the whole situation hilarious. Here they were – kissing – after years of careful dancing around each other and this is what Glorfindel stopped it for? It was so amusing he couldn't stop the ringing laugher trickling from his lips. "Have you gone out of your mind?" Glorfindel didn't really see what was so funny about the situation. Erestor shook his head as he fought to stop laughing, trying not to scold the oblivious elf before him. "Yes I'm mad," he said pointedly, moving to catch the other's gaze, "Mad for you. How long is it going to take until you realize it?" Glorfindel gaped, stumped by the sudden confession. "What? But you.. You're Erestor. You can't be!" Sighing, Erestor pulled his wrist free, tugging the larger blonde down by the open neck of his tunic. "I've been trying to get you to see that your interest has been returned in full for at least ten years now. But no matter how hard I try, I can't seem to get through this thick skull of yours regardless how blatant I am about it." "Then.. Just then..?" "I decided to take the matter into my own hands." Glorfindel stared back, not knowing what to say. Feeling the need to make a statement, Erestor pulled him close, placing a chaste kiss to his lips. Dark eyes sought his own, a glimmer in them that made heat spread in his chest. "You are a fool, Glorfindel. But you're my fool now." Erestor watched the blonde flush a wonderful pink all the way to the tip of his ears. The sight was the most endearing he had ever seen, causing Erestor to drag the blonde into another kiss. The blonde, being more responsive now, gave into the demanding lips, opening up to him in a submissive gesture that made Erestor's spine tingle in delight. Rising from his seat, he explored the strong, muscled torso before him with caressing strokes, making Glorfindel moan into the kiss. Erestor's fingers working magic without even touching skin. Satisfied that he had stoked life into the wild fire of the famous balrog slayer, he tore away from the lip lock. Licking his lips slowly and tasting the remnants of Glorfindel on them, Erestor waited for some kind of reaction from his heart's desire. The normally icy blue pools had turned dark, pupils dilated and eyes burning with a deep fire that sent hot fire down Erestor's spine and straight to his groin. His own arousal awakening at the sight of the thoroughly kissed blonde. Without warning Erestor grabbed Glorfindel's hand before starting to pull him towards the garden, "Come." Glorfindel struggled to keep up with the hurried steps, the sound of the great hall fading away behind them. The dark of the garden surrounded them with its enticing sounds and smells. He gave a weak tug to the dark haired elf's arm. "Where are we going?" Glorfindel asked puzzled, still somewhat dazed from the kiss. Erestor didn't stop but turned his head around wearing a mischievous smile, "Shortcut to my rooms." The implication was not lost on either of them. Erestor smiled madly while Glorfindel wondered if he'd survive the night, a gorgeous blush staining his cheeks. This new Erestor certainly was a wild one, a strong contrast from the stern advisor image he usually displayed during the day. The two images were like night and day, like two different persons. No longer was Erestor clad in dark black and grey robes. No.. This Erestor of the night was all lively red silk, fluttering and tempting. A spicy mix of all that Glorfindel loved. And now he was his. -oOo- The end -oOo-