the bandages ready. "Aragorn," Legolas breathed as deep as he could, "Do not blame yourself. You did nothing wrong here." Aragorn refused to meet the prince's eyes as he reached towards the wound. A groan echoed through the glade as pressure was applied to try to stop the blood. It faded off quickly. Aragorn's eyes jumped to Legolas' face. The elf had passed out. "Come on now my brother. Do not give up on me. You are stronger than this. I am so, so sorry my friend. This is all my fault. Please do not leave me!" Working quickly, Aragorn managed to get the bleeding to stop. The sword had entered and exited cleanly. It was not as deep as Aragorn had originally had thought by the amount of blood that covered the elf, though it was still deep enough to cause problems. What really caused him to worry was the fact that Legolas had yet to wake. Everything was foggy for the elf. He could hear sounds of Aragorn, but there just was not enough strength in his body to make his eyes open. The pain was great, but he could offer nothing to his friend to express it outside of his head. Inside his head, he was screaming. "Okay. I have the athelas, the bandages…where is the needle?" Aragorn mumbled to himself as he worked on Legolas. He wanted to make sure he did everything he was supposed to. This was something he wanted perfect. He did not want a scar to mark Legolas and show the man's shame for ages to come. It was bad enough that blood covered his hands and the ground below both of them. Blood of his brother. "This is going to hurt, but I need to stitch this up or it will not heal correctly." Legolas could make out the words more clearly now. His haze was lifting slowly. The first prick of the needle into his skin forced a moan from his throat. "Legolas!" The elf forced his jaw to move. "I am here…Aragorn." "Oh thank you brother! You had me scared there." "You tend to over react on everything. It must be a human thing." Aragorn couldn't stop the chuckle. Even at a time like this Legolas had to give him a hard time. It made the man's heart lighter at the statement. He finished the stitching in silence all the while watching the prince's face. Discomfort was clearly evident which did nothing for the guilt he still carried. "Okay. Legolas I am going to help you up. We need to get out of here." "Sounds good to me." Quickly the two friends got to their feet. Aragorn slung Legolas' arm over his shoulders to help his friend move along. The man wanted to get away that glade as soon as they could. He had no ideawhere the rest of the slavers were and he didn't really want to meet them. Getting lectured by Elrond was much more desired at that moment. The two friends made their way home. Ada really didn't yell at us all that much. He was more concerned with Legolas and his wound to his stomach. We had explained everything to him. I was just so glad to be home under the roof of his family. But I would still like to be able to repeat the past. Legolas still was injured and miserable. He had been locked in his room by Ada so that he would be able to heal. I understand his frustration. Ada always did that to me too when I was injured or sick. Guilt still racks through me at all times in the day. I made my brother bleed. His blood covered my hands. I have had blood on my hands before, but never before did the blood feel so warm, so condemning. I had talked with Legolas already this morning. He gave me the biggest lecture I think I have ever had in my life. He yelled, he cried. It was painful for me. I knew guilt and pain racked through my soul, but I didn't realize that it did the same to me. Legolas confessed to me that he felt guilty that he made me feel bad all the time. My best friend said he was the worst thing to happen to me. I remember the shock I felt at that. Of course I had told him no. I held him through his tears. I explained to him that he was my chosen brother and that meant a lot to me. Without Legolas, I don't know where I really would be today. The look he gave me with watery eyes would be one I would never forget, nor his words. "Aragorn, things happen without reason or without cause. You feel quilt at something you could not control. Deep in your heart you know that you don't have to at all. I love you with all my heart, my friend. The things you just said to me, they all apply to you. You are the brother of my heart and there is nothing you have to feel guilty about. Nothing you could ever do would make me remove you from my heart." My eyes stung. But I refused to let my hands anywhere near my face. I still saw the blood on them even though I had scrubbed them what seemed to be hundreds of times. They were clean. Nothing anyone, including Legolas, said to me would make them clean. I could not go back in time and erase the pain I caused. There was nothing I could do, but accept things for they way they were. I had bathed my hands in the blood of my brother and he had forgiven me. His blood poured due to my hand. It stained my soul. I could never give it back. But I didn't want to. His blood, my blood…it was all the same. We were one and the same. Brothers.