Glorfindel paled. Erratically, he followed the steward with his eyes as Erestor wandered the cramped space. Wondering what fiendish plan the elf had in mind this time. A pair of strong hands on his shoulders stopped his panicking thoughts however. The calculative smile on the Marchwarden's face did not make him feel much better, though. .oOo. He sat at his desk, working. All things were on their way. Erestor had, in some miraculous way that went beyond all reasoning, managed to save the day and the Last Homely House's reputation once more. Erestor breathed a sigh, leaning back in his chair. Hand still clutching his worn feathered quill. He glanced at the box by his feet. It was a shallow thing which was little more than a foot deep, stuffed with feathered pillows and a blanket. A perfect space to sleep in. Or so he thought as he watched Elladan's sleeping form, all curled up like a particularly satisfied kitten after a whole day of play. Erestor would not begrudge the boy his respite. He too felt like sleeping for hours after everything he had been through today. Thankfully, his duties kept him away from the crowds and drunken revelry. And it was only by praying to the stars and their makers that Erestor had gathered enough faith to trust in Glorfindel's words. The blond had after all given his word not to mess up. Though, Erestor thought sourly, it was probably just another ruse to get out from under his feet. The balrogslayer had been particularly jumpy ever since they had forced two jugs of water down his throat. Really, he acted as if they were trying to kill him. The fool... If only it was that easy. Erestor leaned his head into his palm, elbow propped up as he skimmed though another list of wares and perishable food items he had to order for next month. Eyelids drooped slowly. He jerked to attention, head shaking from side to side to clear it. No, no. He hovered the tip of the inked quill over the document, checking off another ware. Potatoes. Lots, and lots of potatoes. Erestor released a long breath. Setting his quill aside in its stand. He should probably do something more physically engaging. Just to stop himself from nodding off. But... He turned to watch Elladan. The one physical anchor that lodged him in place. Why did it have to be so stationary? Then again, walking around the house with a babe in a box would only raise unnecessary attention... Still, Elladan was so tiny Erestor could probably get away with hiding him inside his loose robes. People wouldn't even notice... Elladan . The firstborn and heir to Lord Elrond's title and estate. A heavy weight to bear this early in life for something so small. How Celebrian could stand to leave such a vulnerable thing behind went beyond him. After all, what was the point in bringing one but not two babes? Though, Erestor admitted, it would be less of a burden while travelling. Erestor never had been quite invested in their care before this, but it seemed troublesome enough raising one. He could only imagine how caring for two at a time must be... He frowned at his own thoughts. Poor thing, Erestor thought as he watched Elladan bring his thumb towards his mouth. They have never been parted before and now they have been separated so forcefully. No wonder Elladan cried at every little thing. Erestor had barely been able to set the boy down all day since he would cry everytime he tried to do so. He was the same with Elrond. When asked, Elrond mentioned something about physical closeness easing the boy's restlessness from being separated from his brother. Being an only child, Erestor never put a lot of weight in physical bonds. But perhaps twins were special? After all, they had been together from the very beginning. Erestor was beginning to suspect Elrond knew more about it than he liked to admit, being a twin and all. "Erestor?" Elrond, looking more frazzled than he had been earlier when he left him, stood in the doorway. One hand wrapped around the doorhandle, subtly keeping the old thing from creaking. He must have picked up on the stillness in the room, for his storm grey eyes were quickly attached to the improvised crib. "He fell asleep." Erestor did not know why he felt like explaining himself. After all, he had read that elflings slept during the day a lot. As in hours. And this was the first time he slept since this morning. Soundless, Elrond crossed the floor. His loving eyes peered down at the child. "I can see that." "Thank you, Erestor." Elrond bent down with fluid grace, easing the sleeping babe into his arms undisturbed. A grateful smile found its place on his lips before Elrond pressed a soft kiss to the boy's downy midnight crown. "I knew I could trust you, my friend. See you tomorrow. Good night." Erestor stared after the tall figure, catching the way the light reflected off of Elrond's silver hair-ornaments. How his strong frame cradled Elladan's soft body against his as if he was the most precious thing in the world. Unreplacable. "Good night, my Lord." The whisper echoed in the silence of the room. Suddenly his office felt far too empty for his liking. From the sounds filtering from the Great Hall he could tell the feasting was still going strong. Most of the candles were still lit, sending sparkles of glowing lights through the garden windows. Glorfindel was probably up to no good again. Lord Haldir was surely using the time spent drinking to spread even more malicious rumors about the famed balrogslayer. Erestor should see to it that unnecessary damage was kept down to a minimal. After all, that was what any vaguely responsible elf would do. Erestor laughed. He guessed fatherhood came in all sorts and forms. # The end.