end. I hit the wall with a thud and sink to the ground. Before I know it, Borku is at my side, urging me to get up. It seems that I was in the same position I was in only moments earlier in the story. But this time, I decide not to get up. I wave Borku off and tell him to go hide, and that I'm going to lie down and go unconscious for a little while, but before I can see Borku run away, I black out. I awake only moments later, but just in time to see that the troll has apparently stabbed a Halfling and the golden looking elf shoot an arrow straight into the back of the troll's head. All of the other orcs have buggered off by now, and no one notices me. All of the party rush to the unconscious Halfling. I sit up preparing to take this chance to run, but I don't see Borku anywhere. "Borku! Borku where are you! Hurry, we must leave! Borku! Are you hurt!? Borku!" The group is too busy with the Halfling, who apparently lived, to notice my yelling. I was frantic, and thought Borku might be dead…Until I hear a voice from behind me. "I'm here, Halgidure." Borku is lying right behind me. Apparently the dimwit's idea of running and hiding is going and hiding right behind me. It's like a troll hiding behind a bush. "Why didn't you run?" "I didn't want to leave you alone; I thought I had to protect you." Yeah, I feel safe now. The bloody coward was just afraid to go on by himself. "Come, quick, let's get out of here." We scurry up the wall and back through the ceiling crack into the tunnel. Outside of the room it is quiet and there is nothing but bodies. "Where has everyone got to, now?" I wonder. We make back to our colony's nest and find the chief with the few survivors assembling there. I walk up to him, expecting answers, but he cuts me off. "The Chieftain says were going to cut them off in the Grand Hall. They have to go through there to escape. He's assembled the whole mine, they're all in position, we gotta leave." I take Borku and am led by the chief. We navigate a complicated network of tunnels that I've never been through, meeting with dozens of other orcs on the way. Borku leans towards me while panting and trying to keep up, "Every orc in the mines? My god, think of how chaotic it will be!" I was trying not to. "At least it will get the job done, they'll be dead." "But think off all the noise, what if we--" I cut him off, "Just stick close to me." For once Borku has a point, and it's a frightening one. When we get to the Grand Hall we are at the top of a massive pillar and the group is already standing in the center of the Hall, surrounded by an unending ocean of orcs. We stop at the half way down the pillar. I hope that everything will be over by the time we get to the bottom to attack, but before the first orc can even strike, there is a loud sound like thunder somewhere in the mines, and off in the distance there's a glow that is growing. Those idiots, of course they would wake it, they were making so much fuss throughout the entire mine. I know that we have to get as far away as possible. Apparently, so does everybody else, because they quickly begin retreating up the pillars that they had just descended. Even the group of unfortunate travelers run as fast as they can, but they won't make it. I dash with the flow of orcs scurrying up the pillars until I realize that Borku is not at my side. I look down to see him clinging to the pillar in fear with rushing orcs all around him. The bloody fool can't scurry! "Halgidure, help!" He cries out for me in the most genuine fear I have ever heard in his voice. "Just wait, I'll be there!" The other orcs should be up the pillars soon, they are moving faster than I have ever seen any orcs move; but that fiery glow is quickly getting bigger, and soon I saw that Icould make out Durin's Bane at the end of the Hall. Just as the last orc rushes by Borku, he gets knocked to the side and loses his grip. He falls all the way down to the center of the hall. "Borku!!! Get up, you have to!" He struggles just to sit up, and I am slightly relieved that he survived the fall, but that relief means little when I see that beast barreling down on him. Borku clearly couldn't move from the spot on the ground. "Halgidure, I can't move, help, please!" He blubbers out in a whimper. "Please, I'm sorry for waking you!" He reaches out to me as though I could grab him from the top of the pillar. The ground is shaking now with the approaching onslaught of destruction. I am only feet from the safe tunnel at the top of the pillar, and countless meters from Borku lying helpless in the hall. "I'm coming!" I shout out preparing to make the giant leap that would surely kill me. "Thank you!" Borku managed to shout out before passing out on the ground. Durin's Bane emerges from the end of the hall, preparing to effortlessly crush the tiny lump lying in its path. I quickly rush into the tunnel at the top of the pillar and ball up in a crevice for safety. As I hear the monster passing I hear Borku yell out "Halgidure!" before being suddenly silenced. I scurry through the tunnel and make my way back to the nest. As I said, orcs are not honorable creatures.