sought to dominate others, but men who were accustomed to hide their weaknesses felt exposed and humiliated by the pity and understanding in Faramir's eyes. And though Boromir loved his father dearly, it came to his mind that perhaps Denethor, accustomed to having no peers, felt threatened by his younger son's too-perceptive regard. It made no sense to Boromir, who could not imagine what weaknesses the lord of the Tower of the Guard might wish to hide, but there it was. He could not dismiss the notion easily, for it rang true to him in spite of his own inability to delve any further into the matter. And if it were true…. He glanced down at the dark head laid trustingly against his chest and frowned. What might Faramir have seen this afternoon that had frightened him so? Supremely confident of his own martial prowess, Boromir knew nevertheless that Faramir had a resolute heart, and would prove a formidable opponent on the field. He was therefore no coward, and if he sat here, curled up like a babe and shaking, then he must have some reason for it. This gift of his, to read others' hearts, could kill him one day, Boromir thought with grim concern. It could poison him. How many secrets does he know that should be kept hidden from the sunlight? "Faramir, you would tell me if you were in danger, would you not?" Boromir found himself asking. "Of course," his brother replied, seeming surprised. Boromir bit his lip, uncertain how to proceed now. It had been long indeed since he had last seen his brother so upset over anything. Faramir might come to this secluded tower every few months, but whenever Boromir found him there, it usually needed no more than a few words to convince him to leave it. For Boromir counted it unhealthy for his brother to spend too much time brooding alone on this isolated perch, and he worried now that he might have to ask Denethor what had passed between him and his brother in order to work out the truth. Not that he thought Faramir was lying, but he knew he had not told all and would not unless pressed hard. But Boromir had no heart for that if the matter did not touch on the safety of Minas Tirith, as it assuredly did not in this case. "Is there nothing I can do?" he finally asked. "Nay, I think not …unless," Faramir paused, struck by a thought. He shifted and gently freed himself from his brother's grasp so he could look him in the face. "Father wants me to remain here, and to take a position in the Tower Guard. You know of this?" "Yes, I do." "Convince him to let me go with the Ithilien company," Faramir said, and Boromir frowned, taken aback both by the request and by the deadly serious tone in which it was delivered. "The Ithilien company? Would you not prefer it here? Ithilien is well-nigh deserted, and it has but a small detachment scouring it." "I know. But I think I can serve Minas Tirith better there than here. Do you not see, Boromir?" Faramir spoke softly, earnestly. "If I remain, Father and I shall be at each other's throats in every matter, even when we agree! Wherefore does that aid Gondor? Whereas if I am out of his sight, and placed in such a remote post, then I may yet learn to do much good for our people. Father listens to you. He trusts you, and if you ask him, he will do it. I know he will." There was a flicker in those grey eyes, as of ill-masked desperation, and Boromir realized that he was right. If Faramir remained in Minas Tirith, he and Denethor would tear each other apart inside. Behind closed doors, and in their private moments, they would mutilate each other; no one would ever see it, but everyone would know nonetheless. The two people whom he loved best in the world would be miserable, and all of Gondor would suffer with them. So although Boromir heaved a sigh, he said resolutely, "I will see to it. If you like, I can have you assigned to my company in Osgiliath." "Nay, I would not want to be an encumbrance upon you, Brother. I, too, must learn to stand on my own," Faramir replied. Thunder crackled overhead, and both brothers looked up as lightning split the sky. "Perhaps we ought to go down now." "I think so," Boromir said, standing quickly. The two made their way down the ladder, and Boromir pulled the hatch firmly shut after them. Below in the stairwell, a single torch guttered. Faramir retrieved it and they went quickly down the spiraling steps, pausing whenever the thunder shook the tower about them. Once they reached ground level, they left through the tower's door and dashed across the plaza just as the sky opened up and rain came pouring down with a vengeance. They were soaked by the time they reached the eaves of the northern door. There they paused a moment, and Boromir wrung the water out of his cloak, while Faramir ran his hands through his hair, slicking back wet tendrils behind his ears. "I shall speak to Father tonight, and afterward shall I come and find you." "Thank you, Boromir," the younger lad laid a hand on his brother's forearm, and his eyes were serious. "There is no need," said Boromir simply. And indeed, there never had been need for thanks–not between brothers. * I know in the appendix the listed translation is "Eagle of the Star," but given that Elendil comes out as "Elf-friend" rather than "Friend-of-the-Elf" Thorongil ought to be able to be similarly translated. And I think it's more likely that people would translate the Sindarin Thorongil to "Star-Eagle" simply because it survives daily wear and tear better. Or maybe Boromir just doesn't speak Sindarin as well as he speaks Westron.