himself, Televor flinched a bit. "Take what you can from this place," Halandur said then, wiping his blade upon his cloak. "Anything that might be recognized, anything that seems useful. Some of it may be restored, the rest goes to our upkeep." "What about them?" Belendir asked, indicating the bodies. "I will deal with them. Just do as I say. And lads," he added, as Belendir and Televor moved to obey, "watch your step this time!" Perhaps half an hour later, having signaled the rest of their party to join them, and moved what could be salvaged from the lair, Televor and Belendir joined Halandur once more within the noisome cave. The older Ranger had managed to drag the bodies so that they lay together, though the gory, glistening trail upon the floor, and the state of Halandur's hands and the tunic he had used to drag some of them to their final resting place said much of how difficult that task had been. "Have you found aught?" Televor asked, a little hesitantly, and gestured to the bodies. "A few tokens. Men of Dale, in the main, or adventurers from Northmen who wander still and did not follow Eorl," Halandur replied, as he emptied a flask of resin over the remains. Somewhat to the surprise of the younger men, he splashed some of it over the nest, too. "Why not just leave those?" Belendir asked, frowning. "Because we do not have to," came the quick, quite sharp, reply. Startled by this, Belendir fell silent, though he gave Televor a quick, puzzled look. Halandur ignored them both, murmuring benedictions softly under his breath ere he lowered the brand, holding it steady 'til the resin caught. He passed slowly from one man to the next, 'til at length there remained only the nest. And there he paused a moment, staring at the work of the day. "They would have terrorized the passes as even orcs cannot, and the lands beneath the mountains would have lived in fear of their coming. But though they would have ravaged the country, and would have slain our folk and us, they are not beasts only, and these were as all youth are—clean. 'Twas their ill luck and our good fortune that this was no fair fight." He shook his head. "You listen to me, lads: whenever time is given you for the duty, you tend to your dead—friend and foe, and grudge it to neither. You owe it to your fellows; but to your enemies, you owe thanks, for going ahead of you. And because you are Rangers, not brigands and not beasts, and this is often that little distance that makes the difference. Do you hear me?" "Yes, sir!" "Good. Then say your farewells." So saying, he tossed the brand into the midst. A few moments more he waited, then turned once more and beckoned a very subdued Televor and Belendir to follow him out. In time, Aragost and the rest of the company arrived to find them sitting upon the ledge, the salvaged goods stacked neatly nearby. They rose swiftly to their feet as the Chieftain approached, eyeing Televor and then Belendir, then looked to Halandur. "So?" he asked. "'Tis done," Halandur assured him. "Then let us move these things down the mountain while there is still light. We shall make for Thranduil's realm—his people ought to be able to pass them back to Dale with less suspicion than we could," Aragost replied. "Aye, my lord," Halandur answered, as the three of them moved to help the others. But: "A moment," Aragost said, halting them. "Captain?" "How went it here? Any trouble?" he asked, once more eyeing the two young Rangers, who bore up to this as best they could. "No, sir. Kept their heads the while. No mishaps." "Indeed?" "Aye, Captain. Think they might have learned something," Halandur replied. And although his expression never changed, nor his voice, something seemed to pass between him and Aragost. For Aragost, after a moment, nodded slowly, and it was a measuring regard he turned upon them this time. Televor felt the weight of that gaze, but 'twas not opprobrium that gave it gravity. He felt his spine stiffen reflexively. Aragost grunted softly, but then waved them onward. "Good. Then let us go, lads, while fortune favors us, and leave our dragons to lie sleeping at last!" hr 1. Title: "'Grievous is the fall of your men; but you shall see that at least the wolves of the mountains do not devour them. It is with their friends, the Orcs, that they hold their feast: such indeed is the friendship of their kind.'"—"The Road to Isengard," TTT, 199. 2. On Dale: IUnfinished Tales/I gives reason to think Dale had been settled well before Rohan even existed, back in the days of Narmacil II. See "Cirion and Eorl," 302. 3. On dragons in the North: As the citation at the top says, dragons were on the move just after the settling of Rohan by the Éothéod. This would have been during the last two decades of Aragost's Chieftainship. I am assuming the "far North" could have included parts of northern Eriador, and that others besides the Dwarves would have been concerned about this. 4. Also, I think I'm probably drawing more from the animated version of "The Hobbit" for dragon scent than the book, which I think has only one reference to halls filled with reek ("On the Doorstep," 189), and that seems to mean smoke and vapors. Oh well. I needed it for the "very" part of "very dirty dragon." bEdit:/b erunyauve pointed out that "Of Túrin Turambar" contains a passage that supports the notion that standing downwind of dragons is decidedly unpleasant: "But ere the middle-night the dragon roused, and with a great noise and blast cast his forward part across the chasm, and began to draw his bulk after. Turambar and Hunthor were well-nigh overcome by the heat and the stench..." (Silmarillion, 273). Thanks, erunyauve!