reeling from time to time, and wondered who he was and why." Aragorn seemed to consider this a moment, but then: "With all due respect, Captain, I do not see the others reeling so." "Not yet, perhaps, but they will—most men spend their first year in the Wild bored and weary. They shall bear it awhile, and then later on, it starts to wear on them and then they start to teeter on doubts, questions they thought they had banished as starless yearlings," Pelhar replied with the confidence that came of twenty years under a Ranger's cloak. "But they shall stop teetering, will they not?" And when Pelhar nodded, he demanded further, "For there will be someone over them to steady them?" At that, Pelhar shook his head and hastened to forestall the objection clearly working towards a hearing in that question. "'Tis true, you are the son of the Chieftain, and will take up his place yourself one day soon enough—none other can say that. And 'tis true, none of us has been Elrond's fosterling," he conceded. "None of these matters are light, nor easily borne up to, and I should not say otherwise. "But," and now his tone grew markedly sharper than it had been, "you're mortal as any of us, and young as we all have been, and there's no one who hasn't stumbled over being his father's son in the eyes of others, or being spit and dirt to a Bree-land cotter. Don't begin to think, lad, that there is no one who understands what troubles you—go far enough down that road and you will be lost beyond finding or aid. Rangering is lonely enough work—do not make it lonelier thinking there's somewhat special about your own pains. There will be someone who can hear what it is pains you, if you'll look for him." Pelhar paused a moment, eyeing his companion, taking in the slight flush to the other's cheeks, but also the thoughtful silence across the table, and the fact that Aragorn was watching him straightly enough. Mayhap he's begun to grasp it—we'll hope so! he thought. Perhaps he had, in a way. For he asked then, "So… had you been in my place this morning, Captain, how would you have taken it?" Pelhar raised a cautionary forefinger. "I'm compelled to point out: I would not have been in your place this morning—I've not been doing this twenty years to traipse over some farmer's field with no urgent reason. But," he allowed, "I have no doubt that when I was your age, I would have limped the long way back to the road, dreaming of vengeance and dogskin coats the while, and composed a fairly slanderous song in honor of the insolent fellow until my captain sat me down and had a word with me about the matter." Aragorn frowned at that. "Limped?" he echoed, displaying an irritating aptitude to catch on words others might have overlooked. Pelhar sighed. "There was a tree involved," he explained, with vast dignity. And when Aragorn, after a moment's nonplussed staring, began to laugh, even putting his head down on the table, the Captain of the Sarn Ford guard looked on with an expression of pained tolerance, though in truth he was glad to see it. And so, when Aragorn at length straightened, and reached for his tea, attempting, apparently, to drown the last of the chuckles, Pelhar let his face soften into a slight smile, as he finished gently, "'Tis a hard road, Aragorn, and it hurts to give what wounds you up to another's understanding, but 'tis better than hoarding such hurts. That I know, if nothing else." "I shall strive to remember it, Captain," Aragorn promised. "And I shall look for those to remind me of it by their understanding." "Good," Pelhar replied, and took a long draw on his pipe. And: He'll be all right, then, I think , he judged, as his young lord settled into his chair to join him in savoring the smoke. Aye, he ought to do well indeed! center***/center He would remember that morning conversation some years later, when he came home from the cold and a long walk back from Dale to find Aragorn gone east to dwell among strangers and a note waiting for him. I remember well your lesson, Captain. I would put it to the test before it is urgent—if there is hope, then I should find many who can hear what wounds us here in Eriador. Perhaps then, too, I shall get a hold upon myself and stop reeling. Pelhar had cursed his own advice for a long, beery night that had left his head aching and him ruing the cleverness of age, which he could feel all too surely as he watched the sun rise. But there was no rest for the wicked, nor even for the wounded, and he had turned to other matters, setting guilt to one side, if not worry. "There's no unsaying what's said, nor what's true," as he told Caranthar later. "May it not kill him, this seeking after truth!" "No, there is not," the Lieutenant of the Angle had replied. Then: " Estel he was among the Elves. He'll be well, I trust. As for the rest of us…" "Aye," Pelhar had murmured, fervently, and gave Caranthar a wan, meaningful smile. "I know." Caranthar had stared at him a moment, then sighed and clapped his shoulder. "So do we all," he had replied. "So do we all!" hr Birthday well wishes to Vilwarin, first of all, but also to Gandalfs Apprentice, who got a part of this story for her birthday last year. I hope you don't mind sharing! This started out as the story (no doubt one of several) that Aragorn conveniently forgot to mention to the hobbits when he claimed that his cuts, short or long, didn't go wrong. It ended up somewhere else, but I think it holds together well enough despite that. Dwim