"Send him hence, Father!" Fear is on the air – the same fear, Father Jeremiah thinks, that fed betrayal long ago. Still, the souls of men are yoked to two horses, one black, one white, that strive ever against each other, and tonight he feels their striving. Long he stands listening, fates beyond his ken hanging in the balance, then: "I will go out to him." Notes: 1. Day 9: The Chariot 2. Homoousios : "one in being" or "the same nature" 3. Still, the souls of men are yoked to two horses, one black, one white, that strive ever against each other - classic description borrowed from Plato's Phaedrus , 253d-255a Daimon Warning for violent misuse of religious iconography. Water the guest rejects – vomits it forth, breaks the hand with the towel. Afternoon rain, drumming on Nottamun's rectory roof, sends him to the corner, rocking, cursing. "Get out!" he screams at tear-blurred shapes, then claws his eyes. " OUT! " "Pity inoffensive eyes!" Father Jeremiah rushes to restrain the madman. "Stop this, friend!" A demon's cry rises; outside, men cower, then run to look. Father Jeremiah lies neck acrook, and the stranger... "Jesu!" they murmur, staring at the priestly crucifix in one mutilated orb. ~0~ ... as a hundred leagues hence, he opens new eyes – again – and wails... Notes: 1. Day 13: When Archetypes Fight: Hierophant and Fool. 2. Daimon : "They are messengers who shuttle back and forth between [gods and mortals]..." (Symposium, 202 e). Metaousiosis Men are free. Beyond the world's confines they range. They will not only what the Song might offer, but shift the Song. Small changes, but time grows them. Such freedom ages them, wearing away flesh and time. Men aren't elven bodies, nor even those that once istari were. Their deaths are substantial, their lives uncertain. And he – he's one with them, a mad and deadly note, relentlessly reborn. But mortal freedom is the solvent to all substance that wears on him, wears in him. The alchemy of Ages and untold lives invests him – to what end, none knows... Notes : 1. Day 18: Card: The Devil 2. Metaousiosis : a change of being. Mania Silhouetted men about trash-can fires draw fearfully together as he passes. They know him – twenty years he's wandered these blighted streets, an unquiet presence, wrecked by more than poverty. There's a darkness riding in him, and they turn away. They've reason, perhaps – who knows what he does when he's asleep? His dreams might – but they're bloody nightmares to shame his daytime rages. They sit heavy, like beasts desiring, for there's memory in them... Rimed in his filth, he goes among the forgotten, haunted by faces with all the same eyes – by voices with all the same cries. "Tell your fortune?" wheezes the half-blind madwoman perched amid garbage, and turns a resurrection. He ignores her, would pass by, but she rises from her trash-bag throne. "The angel," she, persistent, rasps; "She comin'!" Her hand catches his. No! His darkness shrieking descends, and he throws her aside – then stoops, snatches, slams her into a wall. Her eyes go white in her head, a wet-dark aureole spreading behind her dreads. "Leave me!" he snarls – to himself, to her, warning and rejection commingled in confusion. But she remains – dirt-crusted fingers dug into his sleeve, she pants, lips twitching, "Angel... she comin'..." There's something on her face when she blinks, and he, foreboding, touches it – wet, stinging not sticky. Tears. She's weeping as she's smiling as she's dying, and she's looking at him... It's a fist through his chest, that wet-eyed, laughing look. His legs buckle, pitch him to the pavement, bewildered, stunned. He's gasping like a half-drowned sailor and he can't catch his breath, can't catch his breath. "Help," he mouths, stretching his hand to the one hand that wouldn't take rejection. But there's no life in it now; prostrate beside her, he succumbs to dizzying night. Notes 1. I'm going with the alternate name "angel" for this card, rather than judgment. 2. Unfortunately, I couldn't get this part of Melkor's story done in under 300 words. Caritas The door to his darkened room cracks open. "Come in," Freddy invites. "Don't mind the shutters – my eyes hurt." Lobelia enters, tray in hand. "I brought tea," she announces, between offering and her old insistence. But her hesitancy is new, so: "Won't you join me?" Right answer: Lobelia fairly glows. ~0~ When Lúthien's foes about her thronged In sleeping coils of spell-bound song, She gazed upon the Darksome King, Movèd by strange pitying, And gave a gift he couldn't spurn: Thy sister speaks and tells thee: Burn With her godfire love for thee Bond whence none can e'er be free! Notes: in Lobelia cycle:Your card is: "The Star." 2. Day 20: When Archetypes Love: Hanged Man/Hermit and Hierophant/The Devil. Fifty words apiece. Catharsis He dreams of the angel. She pours her tears over his head, and senses long dimmed rouse. Light pains his eyes. Air burns in his throat, and the music – ! A grand, terrifying sweep, ever-shifting – no theme to set variations. "It was not so," he breathes, from the dim recesses of dark and ancient memory. "Behold the glory of the Gifts of Men," the angel answers. She kisses him, then remonstrates: "To the world that is our destiny, Brother, and make right lament." ~0~ He wakes to the taste of salt, to the broken body. Terror-stricken, he flees, staggering – 'til he sees him. There, in the street, hand upraised... Make right lament. He's threadbare in his being – I can't, I can't... ! . ~0~ The traffic cop startles when the grimy apparition falls at his feet. "What the – ?" "Save us!" Wild, tear-blind eyes lift, compelling silence, as he confesses wretchedly: "I... I've killed a woman!" Notes : 1. Day 25: Card: The World Thanks to Juno and Aranel for the challenge.