it!" Estel muttered. "That will be revealed in time, and you must trust Elrond's wisdom in this matter. I can well understand that you have many questions, and wish for answers, but ask yourself: is it so terrible to dwell here with us? Do you resent us that much?" "Nooo," Estel replied, drawing out the word. "Imladris is my home, and I have here brothers and a mother whom I love." He smiled slightly and murmured, "But I have two fathers, and though I have in some way known that for many years, and been untroubled by it, I find that the more I grow to love Elrond, the more I regret that I know naught of my second father, who was in fact my first. I do not even know his name!" Elrohir was silent for a long moment, and the two of them, Elf and boy, stared out at Eriador. And Estel thought of the long, dreaming years he had spent in this valley, content to let the days bring what they would. Short years, he supposed them to be, at least as Elves reckoned time, and yet they were long as well. A long time to wander asleep! But the dream has ended, or is ending, I do not know which. There was a time when I called Elrond 'father' and meant it very sincerely, without ever thinking that it might not be literally true. My mother's husband was a ghost in my mind, present but without presence, as is the way of dreams. But now I feel his absence, and I would hear his voice, or learn a little of his life among Men. But Elrohir's comforting hand on his back was very warm, and the sun was bright; time seemed to stand still, and despite desperate curiosity, Estel felt his eyes closing of their own accord. Surrendering to the impulse, he laid his head upon crossed forearms, inhaling the scent of the grass and wondering if it smelled the same outside of Rivendell. Yes… one day I shall leave this valley and discover how the land feels to me outside of Rivendell. One day soon, as we count the days here… ! Elrohir smiled, watching the boy's eyelids droop, and he shook his head. Like as not, he did not sleep all last night, anticipating this day! I would I could tell him the half of it, and so set his heart somewhat at ease. But he could not, and he sighed, realizing that after this afternoon, he would have to earn Estel's trust rather than assume that he had it in hand. Well, I did not truly expect that this day would never come, did I? And surprisingly, he found he could not answer that question. If he had ever thought about it, reason would have informed him of this inevitability, but he never had, and his heart had assumed that the boy would never question their relationship. He truly is as a brother to me, for only of Elladan have I felt such certainty. And of Arwen, of course, but there is another matter that I may not speak of, on father's orders. Of all Elrond's precautions, that was the most mysterious, for neither Elladan nor Elrohir could think of any reason to hide their sister's existence from Estel. But one does not disobey such a ban, and I, like Estel, must trust that one day the reason shall be revealed! For some time, Elrohir sat watching Estel sleep, and perhaps he dozed himself. Memory and dream are not so very different from each other to the elvish mind, and his thoughts wandered far afield, recalling names long lost to the rest of the world, seeing in his mind's eye the faces of those who bore the name of Isildur–each one a different man, but it seemed to Elrohir that the face mattered not, for there lived in each heart the same spirit. Sometimes that spirit burned brightly, and the form that it dwelt in could not contain it and ended early; other times it was more muted. And now it is Estel's turn to bear it, if he can! Once again, his mind seized upon Arathorn's image, recalling the bloody ruin of grey eyes after that last battle, and Elrohir jerked out of his daydream quite suddenly, roused by the memory of that terrible day as much as by Estel's stirring. The boy rolled onto his side, yawned, and then rubbed at his eyes. "What time is it?" Elrohir glanced at the sky himself ere he replied, "It grows late. We should return to the valley floor, if you are ready." "I am!" Estel bounded to his feet, and the Elf rose with smooth grace. But ere the boy had take four steps, Elrohir reached out and caught his arm, halting him. Estel glanced up, puzzled. "What is wrong?" "Naught." Elrohir hesitated, considering briefly a decision reached unconsciously. Elrond would not approve, that was certain. But my father was not there that day, either, and bears no stigma of guilt… ! "Your father's name was Arathorn." Estel blinked, and then swallowed hard as he repeated softly, "Arathorn." "Yes. We, Elladan and I," Elrohir continued somberly, "were with him when he died. And you may not repeat that to anyone." "I do not understand," Estel replied sadly, but then squared his shoulders and said firmly, "But I shall not say a word, nevertheless!" "Good then," Elrohir replied, feeling his conscience rest a bit more easily. "Now, can you find a better way down from here than by that slope? Or will you be lost if you stay not with the tried path?" "Will I–?" Estel snorted. "Lost indeed! This way, Elrohir, and mind your step!" he replied, and there was a gleam of mischief in his eyes that the Elf knew well. Raising his eyes briefly heavenward, as if in supplication, Elrohir then dashed after his brother who, laughing, led the way home.