quietly, "Your Ada must be away for awhile, Halbarad. He does not want to be, but he must." "Why?" "Because he loves you, Halbarad," Gilraen replied. "There are things that he must do for you, that you cannot know about yet. But he does them for you, because he loves you, and he loves your mother. And he sent you here, because this is where he would want to be. Do you love your Ada?" A nod. "And your Nana?" "Yes..." "Then can you be a very brave boy for them, and stay here with your Nana and me for awhile?" she asked. Halbarad hesitated a moment, but then nodded enthusiastically, and Gilraen smiled again. "Good lad. Give us a kiss?" With all the shyness of children, Halbarad did so-a quick (if somewhat wet) peck on the cheek before he squirmed about, clearly wanting to return to his mother. Gilraen handed him back, and Haldeth stood, with Halbarad clinging to her neck. "I think it is time this one took a nap. 'Tis only the excitement, I think, of strange places that has kept him up," Haldeth said, by way of excusing herself, and Gilraen nodded as the other swept out of the kitchen. And as soon as Haldeth was out of sight, she leaned her head in her hands, and squeezed her eyes shut. After a thoughtless time, she opened them again and drew a deep breath as she made herself sit up straight, and reached unerringly for the tea cup. Though usually she preferred not to gulp, this time she did down the rest of the cup in a swallow, and found herself wishing for something stronger to numb the shock. I have a grandson; my son is a father, and I am a grandmother. It scarcely seemed possible. Mayhap she had been too long among the Elves, and merely mortal time had begun to lose its hold upon her, but it seemed not so long ago that she had said farewell to Arathorn for the last time. It seemed only a very little while ago that Aragorn had left, painfully determined to take up the burdens of a heritage he knew but little of. That he had now a child of his own, even if Halbarad would carry his mother's name, seemed impossibly swift. So it begins again , she thought, staring at the tea leaves in the bottom of her cup, and wishing she could so easily read the whim of fortune there. Or mayhap not. It seems my lot to prophesy pain, and I would not wish that upon a child. Such a dreadful gift, foresight. But at least there was also hindsight, and though she knew not what emotion-relief or regret or pride, or all at once-flared within her breast, there was a certain... comfort, an almost grim satisfaction to be found in it, and in the knowledge that here was a place she had been before. Aye, it begins again. It was not in vain, my husband. We have a son, and now a grandson, and the line continues on, unbroken. And this time, she resolved, I shall be able to do this rightly, so that Halbarad does not grow up ignorant of what and who he is. He shall not be caught, as Aragorn is, between Imladris and the Angle. Not this time. Determinedly, then, she rose and went to join Haldeth in the guestroom. She found the other sitting on the edge of one of the beds, staring at and past a sleeping Halbarad, who was apparently not nearly so fussy about naps as his father had been. Haldeth glanced up as Gilraen approached, and Gilraen felt a pang of sympathy for the look in the other's eyes. "I did not wish to come here, you know," Haldeth murmured after a moment. "'Tis so far from home, and... I..." Do not wish to be as you are. Unspoken it was, yet clear as day to one who knew the weight of exile. "I know," Gilraen replied softly, and laid a comforting arm about the young woman's shoulders. "I want him to be my son-not a confusion of Man and Elf," Haldeth said, with quiet force. "And he will be," Gilraen promised. "What was done to Aragorn is not usual. My husband was not one who suffered any confusion as to what he was, nor his father before him. Halbarad is and shall be your son, not Elrond's, and he has and shall have no brothers nor a sister-" at which Haldeth winced slightly, apparently having just put two and two together "-only a mother, a grandmother, and a father, who is a Ranger like many others. When the time comes," she said firmly, as she stared down with Haldeth at the sleeping child, "he shall be ready to go home." And mayhap, then, so also shall I. ******* Author's note: In the summary, I said that a full quarter of the Chieftains died untimely. Well, that may not be exactly true. The percentage may be slightly higher. If you count the names of the Chieftains in Appendix A ii : "The Realms In Exile-The Northern Line", you will find sixteen names, Aragorn II's included. If you read further, however, in "Eriador, Arnor, and the Heirs of Isildur", you find the following: "There were fourteen Chieftains, before the fifteenth and last was born, Aragorn II" (RoTK, 363). A little earlier, it had been noted that "the line of the Kings was continued by the Chieftains of the Dúnedain, of whom Aranarth son of Arvedui was the first" (RoTK, 362). So it is not even the case that we can discount Aranarth. There are sixteen Chieftains if you count the names, fifteen if you read the text. I think this is clearly an instance of an error that was never caught. But it is interesting, and since both numbers are there, clearly there's scope for some sort of fictional reconciliation of the two...