Boromir liked this idea even more, it resembled a real fight. This suggestion was impractical, though, with Faramir being only seven years of age and hardly tall enough to hold the arms of the soldier, much less control them. Despite this, Faramir loyally obeyed Boromir's suggestion and ran behind the nearest wooden soldier and clumsily lifted up its arm that held a wooden sword by half a foot. Faramir had to stretch both arms far above his head to accomplish this. Boromir held the tip of the sword to the wooden one and stepped from side to side, stalking his enemy. He pulled back the blade and smacked it into the soldiers arm, throwing it back into Faramir's jaw, almost knocking him off of his feet. "Faramir! I'm sorry, are you ok? I didn't…" "I'm fine. Not even bleeding, just a knock on the chin. I just need a better grip." Faramir lied as he wiped blood from his mouth. He had actually begun to enjoy the game, and didn't want Boromir to stop on his account. Faramir grasped the soldiers forearm with both hands and stood under it. "Ok, I'm ready, go." "Very well, then evil beast, prepare to perish!" Boromir quickly forgot about Faramir's injury with the excitement of the game. He made two more lumbering whacks at the wooden man. The first which hit the upper breast and the second which was aimed at its stomach, but Faramir managed to move the wooden sword quickly enough to block it. This made Boromir more aware in his attack. He stopped and pointed his sword at the dummy, taking a few more side steps. He thought about his attack, stared the soldier straight in his eyes, and stepped forward and made three consecutive slashes. The first on the wooden neck, the second pierced his wooden arm, and the third cut into flesh. When Boromir realized what had happened, Faramir was on the ground writhing in pain, holding his arm from which seemed as if a river of blood flowed and splotched onto the straw ground. "I….I... Vorond! Help, Faramir is hurt! Vorond! Help!" Boromir screamed, not knowing what else to do. Before he knew it, Vorond had burst through the door, closely followed by Denethor. The solider was swiftly on the ground at Faramir's side. Boromir turned to the open door that was almost off its hinges and found himself staring at his father in the open doorway. Denethor was staring at the dismal situation wearing a blank face as he watched Vorond care for Faramir. "I… I didn't mean to. It was an accident, we were at play…." Boromir stuttered. "Come here." Denethor called to his frightened and worried son. Boromir's pale figure seemed to glow in the dark room as he stood still, unable to obey his father and move his legs out of fear and shock. Slowly Boromir made his was to his father's side, and stared up at his expressionless face. He then observed something odd, which he had never seen on his father before. An unfamiliar appearance took Denethor's face, his eyes seemed to glow and a hardly discernable smile crawled across his mouth. Denethor glanced up from Boromir to Faramir lying on the ground, and then back. "You were very good son. You looked like a true soldier." Boromir was lost on how to react to this. It did not console his shame and worry for injuring his younger brother and best friend. "Um, what do you mean father? I hurt Faramir!" Boromir stuttered, not sure what to say, and almost immediately feeling regret for this, thinking his father might become furious. "That was an accident, Faramir will be fine. You showed true potential, though. That was skill worthy of a Gondorian soldier." Denethor seemed prouder of Boromir than he had ever been, so much so that he seemed almost excited. Boromir could not imagine a way to redeem himself. His only friend, his younger brother, was lying bleeding on the floor hardly a few feet away, but the only thing he could think feel was pride. Denethor was not only proud of him, but he was acknowledging him. His could feel his father looking at him as an honorable and noble soldier. More than pride, Boromir almost felt hints of glee. "Thank you, father." Was all Boromir could say, he was at a loss for any other words. "Son, I think it's time that you became a slider. You're coming of age, and you've shown you are prepared for that day. From now on you will be attending daily training to become a true soldier. I will personally instruct you, I will make you into a solider. Would you like that?" Denethor informed Boromir of this with excitement. Boromir had never seen such excitement in his father's eyes. Boromir saw more than pride, but satisfaction and an enthusiasm that was almost youthful. Boromir himself could not help but feel inexplicable joy and glory. He had visions of himself as an honorable soldier wearing glorious armor with the emblem of a white tree, of and his father standing beside him. "I would like that very much." Boromir said proudly, standing taller. This brought an even larger smile to Denethor's face. The resounding presence of his father's pride in Boromir pushed the shame of his hurt brother from his mind. "Come with me and I will tell you about your training." Denethor commanded before excitedly ascending the first steps of the stairs, looking back at Boromir the whole time. As Boromir went to follow him, he glanced back at his brother lying on the ground, stained red with blood. Vorond was leaning over Faramir, urgently dressing his wound. Faramir's white and sweaty face peeked up at Boromir, with a look of helplessness on it. Then Boromir saw what looked like a smile on Faramir's face. Heartened, Boromir turned back to his father, hurried up the stairs, and followed him into his future of glory.