waiting at home for me, nor shall there ever be. 'Do not bring it home': there is no 'home' for me to bring aught to, only the night to pass through with such comfort as I can find, wherever I can find it. And since unhappy endings were all too common, and this lad had already the makings of one, Halbarad stirred then, gently shifting the lad off of him, and sat up. The other yawned, turning onto his back and stretching as he blinked sleep from his eyes. Then, pushing himself up onto his elbows, he looked up at Halbarad and asked, "Will you leave now?" "Aye. 'Tis better for both of us if I do. Dawn comes early, and you do not want others to see me creeping from your room, I think," Halbarad replied, rising and going to collect his clothing. "There is water in the pitcher, if you want it," the lad informed him, and then collapsed back on his pillow, pulling the covers up against the cold. "My thanks," Halbarad replied. And since it was cold, ablutions were brief ere he climbed quickly back into his clothes. He had just finished lacing the ties of his overtunic, and was reaching for his cloak, when the lad joined him, suddenly. And as he flung the cloak round his shoulders, the other reached out, caught the clasp, and fastened it securely in place–left of center, as ever. Halbarad raised a brow at that, and in the dim candlelight, the lad gave him a close-mouthed smile, which nonetheless seemed somehow more genuine than the others he had given him that evening. "Will you return to Aescing, as the others do sometimes?" he asked. "I do not know," Halbarad replied, as he always did when that question arose. The lad considered this a moment, then nodded after the manner of one accustomed to hear 'no' when it was said, however it was said, and to accept his lot, whatever it might be. "Then fare you well... and my name is Modig." Modig. Halbarad shook his head and rubbed tiredly at his eyes. Or mayhap 'tis not so simple for him, either. Modig... "It suits you," he replied. Reaching into the purse at his belt, he felt about, identifying coins by shape and size, and finally came up with three marks. Taking the lad's wrist, he turned his palm up, and pressed the coins into his hand, closing his fingers about them. "Halbarad, son of Hirthon," he said simply, and offered a bare grin. "Good night, lad. And thank you." And with that, he turned and left, quietly closing the door behind him. The moon was setting over Aescing's narrow streets, as Halbarad paused at the bottom of the stairs. Breathing out a long sigh in a trail of vapor, he pulled his cloak close about him and began walking slowly back towards the light that blazed still from the tavern windows. But ere he had managed two steps, it seemed, a voice called out softly, "Halbarad." "Aragorn?" Halbarad queried softly, turning sharply, and frowning as his friend appeared just then from the shadows between houses. "I thought you would be long abed." "I might have said the same of you," the other replied, falling in at his side. "Aragorn, you were not waiting, were you?" Halbarad asked, suspiciously. "Mm...," the other grunted, noncommittally, which was just as much an answer as 'yes.' And as they walked, Aragorn gave him a queer sort of look, and asked, quietly, "Are you well?" Am I well? He had just lain with a lad who bore the marks of the spite of others: past and present bruises aside, Modig had had other marks on his body. There were welts on his back from past abuse (or more likely, harsh discipline)—scars as permanent as any that Halbarad bore from years of unseen wars in Eriador and on the road. In candlelight, he could ignore them, as Modig ignored them, and in the warm, dark space between their bodies, imagination had painted a different face from the one before him, had turned a pauper into a prince. Dark hair and shadows, and will enough, and then even a tavern boy's rough hands could feel as those of a warrior. Aragorn would never know that, he thought, bitterly, and knew that he was being unfair, but was unable to feel otherwise tonight. For Aragorn loved Arwen and so would have no cause to know any of it, while Halbarad feared for a scrawny lad he might never see again and made love to an illusion. Am I well? Indeed! And so: "Of course," he answered, and gave his friend a smile. Aragorn was silent a moment, and his eyes said clearly that he did not believe him. But he recognized that tone, and that look, and so he, too, smiled, and laid a hand on Halbarad's shoulder. "Of course," he echoed. Thus, with that lie firmly in place between them–secret to neither, yet they would keep it secret–they returned to the light and sound of the tavern, and left the night behind. "Modig"-Old English adjective and name: "brave." "Who was it... who was it who said once that that which I should not do, that I do indeed?"- Halbarad is apparently channeling St. Paul: Romans 7:15 "I do not understand what I do; For what I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do." or again: Romans 7:19 "For what I do is not the good I want to do; no, the evil I do no want to do - this I keep on doing." Thanks to Nilmandra for supplying the reference. For the sake of clarity, I want to emphasize that when he thinks that, Halbarad's dilemma is *not* that he prefers to sleep with men; it's that he didn't have the self-control not to sleep with someone who was likely to be hurt for spending the night with him.