along with their bow and arrow. He for some unknown reason felt that they themselves had other weapons that were hidden from the eye. He didn't know what was up to these men but they felt strange and mysterious. And the way the knelt was strange too. The others had knelt flat on their knees and then back again to a bent form but they neither were on their knees nor were they bent. It was something different. It was as if they were kneeling but standing and yet they did not look to be standing or sitting. Such a strange thing to behold indeed! The noble people of the West and of Gondor watched with amazement as one stood up. This lone Dunedain ranger with remarkable speed that matched an elf's grabbed his bow from his back and notched an arrow. He then aimed high at the sky and pulled. The arrow flew up and for awhile others waited to see where it would land but it didn't come back. No, it was gone without a trace. The lone Dunedain ranger smiled and bent his head and back. He covered his heart with his hand in respect and waited for his King and Queen to remark. Everyone except for the rest of the Dunedain, the King and Queen, and some of the elves were shocked at this. These Dunedain seemed to be separated from the others. They were aligned not as it seemed with the other Dunedain as whole but with the King and Queen. These men were greater in stature than the others and held a greater aura. "Bow not to us, friends of old!" Arwen commanded with her soft stern voice and yet everyone felt her power. "Rise instead, friends I adore!" Then at once in an instance these peculiar men rose and raised their eyes and head loyally to the Queen. Arwen smiled at this and glanced at her husband. She saw a wonderful twinkle in his eyes and in her mind beckoned him to speak. "Well met!" was all Elessar could say. He strode quickly to the once lone Dunedain ranger and placed a hand over his heart. "Well met, indeed." And to the surprise of most the King eagerly and lovingly hugged the Dunedain man. This man smiled in return and hugged back. "My friend," he said. "Finally." Elessar laughed at this and pulled back when Arwen came upon them. She looked at the once-lone Dunedain ranger and kissed him on both cheeks and let him do that in return. A silence was in the air for all were stunned as they watched their King and Queen with the strange faction of the Dunedain. Elessar and Arwen noticed this and smiled. They returned to where they at first stood and gazed at all. "The celebration will begin!" Elessar pronounced. "Enjoy the festive moments of peace while I will take of learning to my guests! I will see you all tonight!" He then met with eyes with the Dunedain ranger that stood out. The man smiled at his King and nodded. They both conversed. They had a connection and the conversation ended for Elessar made it so. Arwen turned away from them all as the crowd started to disperse while the guest waited for Elessar who then turned. They followed him towards the inner part while Faramir took his role to show them all their housing. The strange Dunedain instead followed the King and the Queen as they left the others. They followed them to a hidden area. An area that only the King and Queen knew about and it was a garden that surrounded a small man made pool. The Queen pushed aside one of her hairs and turned kindly towards the certain Dunedain. Elessar sat next to her on a stone while the strange Dunedain rangers that seemed to be apart of a different faction of the whole stood patiently. They were waiting for their lieges to speak for it was their incentive to follow their lead. "How did you fare the Mines of Moria?" Elessar asked. He needed to know that their safety was assured. He had worried for them when he journey through that road. Although the memory was dark he knew he had to know. The lone Dunedain ranger called Valandil (although that was not his real name even thought Arwen and Elessar knew it they did not even in private call each other by name) stepped forward and bent his head in respect. Raising his head, he spoke, "Treacherous and ancient. Yes, we fared well. Enough to follow you to Rauros." Arwen nodded. "And the Paths of the Dead? And the battle? Are you all unscathed or was there some injury that I have not seen yet?" Valandil smiled kindly at his beloved Queen and replied, "We held our own and rejoiced in your husband's triumph over the Dead." She smiled back and grasped Elessar's hand. "I am pleased. Aragorn I have worried for you but as always Estel prevails." All the men laughed good-naturedly but Valandil sensed something. Noticing this Aragorn inquired, "Yes, my protector and friend, what do you feel?" Valandil smiled in pure joy and ecstasy. "My wondrous Queen you are with a child. Congratulations!" Arwen beamed at the news and turned to Aragorn. He was smiling along to join Valandil's own ecstasy. He grinned at his wife and embraced her long and hard with an especially long kiss. "Ah, beloved soul we have a child!" Aragorn cried as Arwen laughed with joy. Valandil and the others smiled along as their hearts swelled at their lieges' satisfaction. Tears were now falling from Arwen's face as he clung to Aragorn while they both touched her stomach. This was there moment. They were to have a family. Valandil knew that this should be private and turned away followed by the others leaving two very happy lovers to the news of a child. Yes, the celebration will be great.