It had used to make his heart ache, but now all Legolas felt when he remembered Kili was a soft pang of regret. "They gave it to her?" Gimli almost bellowed, his wide eyes growing even bigger. "A dwarf gave it to her?" "Yes," Legolas smiled. "It surprised me as well, but she stole the hearts of many—and not only elves. It may be hard to believe, but it is the truth." He received the stone back and touched it carefully. "She would be happy, seeing me talking to you like this." He slipped the stone carefully into his pocket. Gimli grunted. "She certainly seems like an interesting lass." He looked away, and then, as if as an afterthought, he asked softly, "Do you miss her?" Legolas' gaze again flew to the heavens. He could almost hear her voice. "More than I can ever put into words." "Friends," someone called out behind them, and both of them startled at the sound. Turning, they saw Aragorn standing at the balcony door. Legolas could see how heavy he carried himself, how each step seemed to take much effort. He walked towards them, and the elf and the dwarf stood aside to let him stand between them. Like they did earlier that night, Aragorn peered down at the remnants of the battle. Minutes later, he spoke. "Haleth was only fourteen years old." His voice was stiff. "Mellon," Legolas said softly. "There are two things we cannot control," Legolas said, as he watched Aragorn clench his fists. "Love and war. You are the future king, but that does not mean you are responsible for all the things that happen in this world. Haleth died a noble death." Legolas had learned this many years ago. She had told him this. Many, many years ago. Aragorn knew this as well. But sometimes even the greatest of kings needed reminding. "The elf is right, lad. There was nothing you could have done," Gimli added, his voice gruff. Aragorn breathed out. Slowly. Loudly. And then he glanced at them both, his eyes grateful. He nodded. "Sometimes it is just difficult to remember the value of what you were supposed to be fighting for when death has taken much of those you care about." Silence again took over and the stars brightened in the sky. Minutes passed like this, wherein Legolas just took in the beauty and dangerous appeal of the night. And when he thought he would withdraw from his friends for the night, Aragorn suddenly spoke. "There has been a band of men looting on the eastern side of the grounds, near the forest of Fangorn," Aragorn said. "They have been taking the armour of those who fell in the battle." Gimli growled, and his face darkened. "I have nothing but despise for those who have no respect for the dead." "They have not been caught yet?" Legolas also frowned. "They're well organised, scouts are hidden at planned areas and are able to warn the looters even when our own riders are still miles away from them," Aragorn explained. He gave a worried glance at Legolas before continuing, now in a careful voice. "It has worried us, because some of the riders claim that there are elves in this thieving band." Legolas froze. Again, memories flooded into him, but it was not the good natured ones that he had remembered earlier. No, these ones were full of darkness. Of an elf threatening them with words from the inside of a cell. Of arrows flying at them from the darkness of the Mirkwood forest, and most of all, of even his oldest friend losing his will to a sickness none of them could cure. "Elves?" Was all he could say. He wished he had misheard Aragorn, but he also knew that he had not. "Yes, mellon ." Aragorn was watching him carefully. "I… They need to be found." Legolas faced his friend. "We need to see if this is true." Aragorn nodded. "Gandalf said the same. We will look into it in the morning. The wizard will visit Saruman and he asks that we go with him. We meet at the gates at daybreak." He again took a deep breath, then looked out at the world shrouded in darkness. "I know it is more than we could ever ask of them, but sometimes I wonder where Frodo and Sam are, and sometimes I worry. Gandalf has much faith in them, and so do I, but sometimes it is not difficult to be overcome by this continuous loss and fear of tomorrow," Aragorn mused. "They are sturdy lads," Gimli commented after a few minutes of silence. Through the darkness, Legolas seemed to glimpse the burning fires of Mordor. "They will make it through." "Yes," Legolas agreed quietly. With every breath he took and released, he slowly let go of his worries. Then he raised his eyes to the stars. He took in their light, took in the halo around them. And when he closed his eyes, he could still see them blinking at him. "They will make it through," he repeated, his hands finding the stone in his pocket. Again, he passed a thumb over it so lightly. "And then we can all return home." END OF CHAPTER A/N: Finally, finally. It has been so long, but I hope you guys are still with me! Further ramblings: Naming this chapter gave me a headache. I was almost going to decide on an elven word, but I realized that that was only for the second part of this trilogy. So I decided to be a bit more allowing with myself for this last installment. Last installment. Huh. I'm glad to finally have the chance to finish this, but I'll be missing you guys when it's finally done! TT_TT Please do tell me what you thought about the chapter. I haven't written in a while so I'll need all the feedback I can get. Please? :D I've missed you all! Vee