before quickly looking elsewhere. I looked back to Erin, equally shocked to see her eyes turned downwards, with no trace of a smile whatsoever on her face. Pippin started giving an overdramatic introduction to Isengard behind us, but I turned back to Erin in confusion, lightly grabbing her arm. "Wait, what's going on?" I whispered. "What the hell happened?" She sighed, looking up at me again, though this time I was surprised to see a deep pain in her eyes. "A lot of things," she answered quietly. "I'll catch you up once we get back to Edoras." I nodded slowly, though still deeply unsettled by the exchange as we both turned back to Pippin again. "It's a quality establishment!" the red-haired hobbit was saying. Gimli shook a scolding axe from his spot behind Legolas. "You young rascal!" he cried. "A merry hunt you've led us on, and now we find you feasting, and...a-and smoking!" Pippin raised an eyebrow and looked down his nose at the dwarf. "We are sitting - standing," he added, nodding to me, "on a field of victory, enjoying a few well-earned comforts." I smirked as the hobbit held up a piece of the meat we'd been eating earlier. "The salted pork is particularly good." You could almost see Gimli's mouth watering. "S...s-salted pork?" "Pip, pass me some of that!" I called out to him. He nodded, tossing me a chunk which I easily caught. Gimli stared at it longingly as it sailed through the air. It was then that Erin noticed the other thing Pippin held in his hand, and her eyes narrowed. "...Pippin, is that... is that a joint?" His eyes lit up, and he nodded eagerly. "Kaia showed me how to make them! You should try one, Erin, they're quite remarkable!" I was struggling to smother my laughter as Erin blinked, then shook her head in disbelief. "You know, I think I'm good. But thank you for the offer." As she turned to me, though, I could see a small smile threatening to grow. "Really?" she whispered, also chuckling to herself. "You taught him how to roll a joint?" "Listen, I'm surprised I even remembered how to do it in the first place," I shot back. "It's been years." She rolled her eyes, though still laughing quietly. Gandalf just shook his head, unimpressed by all the antics. "Hobbits," he grumbled under his breath. "So why have you two been sitting out here?" Erin asked Pippin, attempting to get the conversation back on track. "We're under orders from Treebeard!" he answered, gesturing behind him. "He's in charge of Isengard now, ever since the Ents arrived." "And he is still here, I presume?" Gandalf asked. Pippin nodded. "Yes! He's guarding the tower inside." "Then we must ride forth to meet with him," the wizard replied. "Come, quickly!" Pippin grabbed one last bite of pork before jumping down and running over to the group, hitching a ride with Aragorn. I climbed onto Erin's horse behind her, noticing Théoden, Éomer, and another man bearing the banner of Edoras beside them. I recognized the king and his nephew, although it'd certainly been awhile since I'd seen them. "So everything went according to plan at Helm's Deep, I assume?" I asked, keeping my voice low. But again, Erin seemed to hesitate before answering, as if she didn't want to talk about it. "For the most part. Like I said, I'll tell you everything when we get back. I want to wait until we meet up with Kathryn again so I'm not explaining myself twice." I frowned slightly, surprised as Erin nudged her horse forward. "Kathryn wasn't with you?" Erin shook her head. "She left for Ithilien not long after we first arrived in Edoras. Something about needing to go find Faramir to respect Boromir's dying wish. I haven't seen her for at least a month." My frown deepened. "...So how do you know she's coming back?" We passed through the gap in the wall, sloshing forward as our party began to make our way towards Orthanc. She let out a breath. "I don't. I just keep hoping and praying that she will. That's what I did for you." My gaze fell, and I was silent for a moment, again unsettled by her somber, almost defeated tone. It was an air that carried throughout the rest of the group as well, which I noticed now as we rode forward. They all seemed... more weary than I remembered. Exhausted and worn down. Clearly things had not gone entirely well since the breaking of the Fellowship, although I couldn't even begin to guess what had happened. But as we continued to press forward, my focus shifted, now turning to the black spike of Orthanc which pierced the dull sky not far ahead. My jaw clenched, and I glared up at the tower, anger and a slight fear sparking in my heart as I remembered who was trapped within. I'd kept myself as far from that place as physically possible ever since my escape. This was closer than I'd been to it in weeks. I wanted to turn back; I wanted to run... but I didn't. I stayed right where I was behind Erin as we slowed, swallowing my fear and forcing myself to look straight ahead as we stopped just a handful of yards from the foot of the tower. A/N: At long last, book four has begun! Apologies about the delay in getting this first chapter published, but between some nasty writer's block and life getting sufficiently crazier for me over the past month or so, this fic had to take a bit of a backseat for awhile. But now I'm back! And I'm so very excited for where this final book is going to go, so hopefully updates will start to come quicker and more regularly from now on. In any event, though, thank you to those of you who've stuck with this series and continue to read! Love you all!