then and there, but I couldn't, no matter how much I wanted to. There was nothing I could do, which only fueled my anger. I couldn't do a damn thing to defend myself, even from humiliation. Ignoring Pippin's concerned look, I slumped down again as the line started moving once more, trying to get my head resting comfortably against the back of my carrier's neck. Good fucking God. It'll take a miracle to get us out of this one. – -Éowyn- I cursed the great billowing skirts hindering me as I tried to run, wishing I could be rid of the long red gown as I sped through the halls of Meduseld. Even after all these years as a lady of the court, I had never mastered the trick of running in a skirt. I doubted I ever would. And in times such as these, speed was everything. I'd been scouring the halls for Éomer, but had seen no sign of him yet, which only added to my sense of fear. I must find him. I have to, he's the only one who might listen to me. Finally, I reached the stairwell leading down to the armory, descending it quickly and hoping to find him there. Thankfully, my wishes had not gone unheard, and I was relieved as I entered the low-lit room to see his form several feet away. I marched up to him as he shrugged off his breastplate - clearly he'd only just returned for his latest scouting mission. "Éomer!" At my voice, he turned, a flash of joy in his dark eyes as he saw me. As soon as I was within arm's reach, he'd discarded the armor in his hands, pulling me close with a sigh of relief. "Éowyn..." he said softly. I felt the stiffness in his shoulders recede. "You are well." I nodded, taking comfort in his strong embrace. "I'm glad to see you," I replied. "You were gone for so long, I was worried..." Éomer released me then, his typical somber gaze returning fast. "Too long," he said bitterly. "Longer than any of us expected." A slight frown showed on my face. "What happened?" Éomer watched me carefully for a moment, as if deciding whether or not he wished to answer truthfully. But after a moment, something in his eyes shifted again, and his voice was low as he spoke. "...We were ambushed." My own eyes widened in shock at the news. "What? Ambushed?" He nodded. "Where?" "Not far from the Entwash, where we'd been sent." He reached to pick up his breastplate again, and I glanced at it, my heart skipping a beat when I noticed a recently made gash in the metal. "But these enemies were different," he went on. "Unlike anything I've ever seen in our lands. Their armor was thick, and their warriors fierce." "Were they Orcs?" I asked, hoping I did not sound as panicked as I felt. Éomer shook his head. "No Orc I've ever known has attacked in daylight, but these did so. They attacked us on their own...almost as if they'd been planning to do so." I stared at him, recognizing the suspicious air of his tone. "...You think Wormtongue is behind this?" I whispered. "Of course I do," he sneered, disgusted by the mere mention of the man. "He is a snake that has been conspiring against us from the beginning, Éowyn. Now it is clear he will spare no expense to kill us if it means he would gain more power over the throne." I drew back for a moment, the realization slowly sinking in. "...Kathryn was right," I muttered. "We should never have let him come so far," he said, unclasping the vambraces from his forearms. "He has weaseled his way in here, breeding war within our own halls and against our own people-" But then I stopped him with a hand on his arm. "Éomer, this may mean worse things than you know." My tone was grave as he looked at me, sensing my fear as I revealed why I'd been desperately searching for him in the first place. "...Theodred has not yet returned." At the news, his face fell. "From the Fords of Isen? He left nearly a fortnight ago!" "I was hoping you would have heard news of his party's return." But Éomer shook his head, and I felt my heart sink like a stone. "If Wormtongue has plotted an ambush against you, then-" "Theodred is no longer safe," he finished. Almost immediately, he turned, grabbing his breastplate and helmet from where they'd been lain on a nearby table. Within seconds, he'd donned his armor once more, reaching for his spear propped up against the wall as he brushed past me. "Éomer, wait!" I called, causing him to stop by the door. "You've only just returned!" He turned, a fear in his eyes which I had not seen in a long time as he slipped his helmet over his head. "He has no idea what's coming, Éowyn. I fear we may already be too late." Before I could say another word to him, he'd disappeared back up the stairs, gone in the blink of an eye. I stayed frozen where I was, helpless, already hearing his wild shouts to rally his men once more. A shudder ran through me, and I raised a hand to my mouth, taking a shaky breath. Éomer had never believed in praying to the gods, and had always teased me when I had done it as a child. Now, however, I prayed without hesitation. What more could I do? Theodred was in danger. If we lost him... Rohan would fall. A/N: Kind of a bummer of a first chapter, I know. Wasn't really intentional, but then again...this book is where things start to get dark. Buckle up, folks, cause we're in for a wild ride. ;) See ya next time! Thanks for reading, and don't forget to leave me feedback in a review!