less attention we draw to ourselves, the better." I nodded again, then looked over my shoulder as Boromir came up to us. "What about you? You think he'll like you?" The redheaded man shrugged. "I have not met King Thranduil before, but my father never spoke kindly of him, if at all." He glanced at Legolas, who showed no reaction. "I hope he is understanding, given our situation." "That's just it, though," I sighed. "Our situation is hard to explain...and even harder to believe." "He will have my word to trust," Legolas reassured us again. "You will be fine." I said nothing, just kept walking forward and staring at my feet. The rain was still pouring down on us, dripping from my nose and hair, running into my eyes. At least it's not windy, I mused. It had gotten considerably darker and colder since we'd started off, though. Thinking about it made me shudder, and I pulled the sopping wet cloak tighter around me in a pointless attempt to protect me from the elements. My mind began to wander again as we walked, landing on the subject of the Mirkwood elves again. I couldn't say that I wasn't excited. In fact, if we weren't walking through dangerous, cold, wet territory, I'd probably be bouncing my way down the path. No, I was excited to see the Woodland Realm. Seeing it in the movies alone had been amazing for me. It had been so beautiful...easily my favorite realm in Middle-Earth. And now I was getting to see it for myself! I was also very intimidated by the thought of meeting the king, though. I loved Thranduil's character to death, but I was already expecting to feel unwelcome in his halls. He was known for being cold and possibly even heartless by many, not caring for anyone but himself and his own people. I doubted it was true, but still. I could've been wrong. And then there was one other elf in Mirkwood that I was nervous about meeting...even more than Thranduil himself. Well, nervous isn't the word for it. Displeased fits way better. I was about to roll my eyes out of contempt, but stopped myself. Might as well save it. There'll be plenty of eye-rolling once we meet, I'm sure. Suddenly, I was jerked from my thoughts as I felt my foot catch on an errant root sticking out of the ground. My eyes widened as I registered what was happening, and my arms flailed wildly to try and catch myself, but that failed. I cringed as I faceplanted into the wet, muddy ground. "Erin!" I heard a shout and groaned as I picked myself up. "Are you all right?" A hand touched my arm, and I grabbed onto Boromir as he helped me stand again. "Yeah, yeah, I'm fine," I said. I looked down, frowning as I stared at the mud and leaves that were now splattered all over me. A sigh escaped my lips as I trudged forward again. "Absolutely fantastic." Whatever. The mud never bothered me anyway, I guess. Despite what had just happened, I somehow got lost in my thoughts again two seconds later, and probably would've walked right off a cliff if Legolas hadn't shot an arm out and caught me. I blinked and looked down at the raging river far below. "...Oh. Sorry." He didn't say anything at first, just looked at me with a brilliant smile on his face. "Erin...look. We are here." My eyes widened, all the complaints of the weather that'd been rolling around in my head vanishing as I looked past him to what lay across the gap. Even in the darkness, I could pick out the smooth stone bridge leading over to what could only be the entrance to Thranduil's realm. Great stone pillars that looked woven together stood strong and tall, framing the equally massive teal doors that led into the mountain where the elves lived. The remainder of the elven path led along the cliff's edge, down to the main walkway that connected to the bridge across the water. There were a few flickering torches as well, just enough to provide light on the stone landing where guards stood watch. I heard the faint gasps of Kathryn and Boromir as they came up behind us, also seeing our destination up ahead. "Thank God," the former breathed in relief. I could feel the excitement beginning to buzz inside me as Legolas took off down along the river's edge, motioning for us to follow. My thoughts of anything else were completely gone now as we approached the end of the road and the guards caught sight of us, shouting out orders in elvish for us to stop and state our business in the forest. Legolas raised his hands in response, showing he meant no harm. "Avo drasto, mellon! Gwannas l û ad, si iston i n ívedh." (Do not worry, friend! A long time has passed, but I know your face.) "What's he saying?" Kathryn whispered. "He's telling them we're okay to be here," I said, roughly translating the elvish in my head. I knew some, but not much. As we drew closer, I took a deep breath and prepared for the inevitable. Here goes nothing. A/N: And another book begins. Bonus points if you catch the reference Erin makes in this chapter. ;) If you're new to my stories and haven't read part one of this, READ THAT FIRST! You'll be much less confused, I promise you. C: And if you've been eagerly awaiting the second installment of this shorter series...congratulations. You got it. C: Again, thank you all so so much for the support you've given me with this fic so far. I'd be nowhere if not for you. :) And happy (belated) birthday to Kathryn again, who somehow managed to put up with me and be my best friend for a third miraculous year. Hope you enjoy the rest of this crazy adventure, my dear~ -Erin