volume and let it fall open in his hand. "Please come out and speak to me," she said softly. "You barely said a word in the drawing room." "When I left you," Elrond drawled, "you would not have whined and complained at me for remaining silent during a private audience. Have you become a sour old shrew in these few short weeks?" "Would you prefer me to shriek at you?" she demanded sharply. "Or knock both wine and book out of your hands? You are being quite rude." He snapped the second book shut, too. "Of all the people to be rude to, you most certainly deserve it," he said coolly, striding past her and into the sitting area of his study. "What have I done?" she growled in exasperation, following him. "I can hardly have offended you in the five hours we have been together again." He stopped and turned sharply, and she skidded to a halt to avoid colliding with him. "You were counting?" he breathed, a cruel smile curling his mouth. She looked at him steadily, unfazed. He chuckled and turned away, but she seized his arm. "Tell me why I deserve this treatment," she said softly. His smile widened. She was most dangerous when she spoke softly. He took her chin between his thumb and forefinger, still smiling. "You do not deserve to be told, lovely." The anger peaked in her face, then softened slightly. "Why?" she murmured reproachfully. He released her chin reluctantly and, setting his glass on a nearby table, gripped her arms. "Were you at Violet Hill?" She frowned. "What?" she whispered. "Of course I was not. Why would you-" He tightened his grip and pulled her closer. "The truth, Celebrían. Were you at Violet Hill? " "No," she said, holding his gaze steadily. "Are you feeling well, Peredhel?" A snarl pulled at the corners of his mouth, his hands shaking furiously. "If you are lying, woman, so help me-" He paused for a long moment, conquering himself, then released her, took up his wine glass again, and strode to the hearth to lean heavily on the mantle. "Why would I lie to you?" Celebrían asked imploringly, raising her arms, then letting them fall to her sides again. "You tell me," Elrond growled, covering his eyes with his free hand. "Elrond-" " Damn it, Celebrían!" he roared, flinging the goblet across the room where it smashed against the stone wall, spraying red wine onto the flagstones. "I saw you there! And so if you are telling the truth, I am going crazy, but if you are lying… if you are lying …" Trembling violently, he halted, running one hand over his face. "I thought you were dead," he muttered once he had calmed somewhat. "This whole time, I was sure you were dead. You were not among the living… and so many died, nearly a third of the legion…." She slipped quietly to his side and placed one hand on his shoulder, the other on the side of his face to turn it outwards to hers. "I would not lie to you," she said firmly. He studied her carefully, drinking in every detail of her features, her stance, searching behind her confident eyes. "Even if it were for my own good?" She sighed and rested her head on his shoulder. "I cannot think of a situation that would warrant." His fury went out like a candle in a breath of wind, and he held her carefully, not too close, but close enough that he could feel her warmth, feel her breathing. "Why are you so determined to think that I am lying?" she murmured into his shoulder. "You could easily have made a mistake. And you hit your head quite badly, according to Glorfindel. You could have dreamt it." "Because even the great and the good lie, dearest," he said softly. "Even you." She raised her head. "But I know I cannot fool you," she said with a small smile. "So why would I try?" "Because you knew you could use that argument against me." She chuckled quietly. "You are far too cynical for your own good, my friend," she hummed contentedly. She watching him for several moments, her expression impassive, and then frowned. "You are exhausted," she whispered, raising a hand to brush his hair back from his face and touch the dark circles beneath his eyes. "I wish you would not work yourself so." "What else do I have to live for?" he smiled. "If not my work?" "So many things, Elrond Peredhel," she murmured intensely. "Your life, your King, Glorfindel, Erestor, Imladris. Aren't all these things more to live for than your work?" "But I serve them and express my gratitude through my work. I protect my life, my King's life, their lives, Imladris, you." She sighed heavily. "Alright, dark one. You win, for tonight. Now will you please retire?" He shook his head, releasing her gently. "I am not ready yet. I-" "You are quite the fool, Peredhel. Come here." She took his hand and led him to the couch in front of the fire. "Sit with me." She sat, but he remained standing for several seconds, observing her refined, determined features. "As you wish," he sighed finally. She moved to the side when he sat, however, and pulled a folded blanket from the back of the couch and laid it on her lap. "Lay your head here," she ordered firmly. "Celebrían," he frowned, "that is hardly appropriate-" "Propriety be damned," she said sharply. "Now do as I say. You will rest, and you will rest now ." He relented with another sigh and laid his head on the blanket. Silence fell, her fingers gently combing through his hair as they watched the fire. "You are sure you are not lying to me, Celebrían?" he breathed, eyelids closing against his will. "Hush, dear one. Have a little faith, for once." "I am… not sure I believe you." "Goodnight, Elrond."