second but were keeping just out of reach. Somehow Frodo had to get out alive, that was all that was important. Pippin didn't lower the threatening blade he held in his right hand but gave Sam a push with his left, the hand that still held Merry's blade. He realised that there were tears running down his face at the thought of Merry and he pushed back his grief. There would be time to mourn later, if it were necessary and if he was alive himself. Mourn after the battle or others will die...He focused again on the task at hand. "Sam, you get Frodo out of here and get him out now!" Pippin gasped, not taking his eyes off the threatening orcs. "Sam, get him out, while Aragorn yet holds the way! "Both of you, do as I say or they are dead for nothing!" Pippin shuddered that he was already numbering Merry dead along with Gandalf. "Everyone, everything, dead for nothing! Now go!" Then there was no more time for thought and Pippin threw himself forward, years of tackling two dear, older cousins giving him the knowledge of just where to hit. These creatures outweighed him by far, but Merry had taught him that weight wasn't always a factor when it came to facing an opponent bigger than yourself. Then he was piling into the two bewildered orcs in a form of attack they had no experience with, his arms just long enough to wrap around a thigh each and all three fell into a heap on the stone floor, the slippery blood causing them to slide away from the other two hobbits and giving them an opening to reach the outside. Frodo stared at his youngest cousin, too shocked for a breath to react. As Pippin tackled the advancing foes about the legs, Frodo had the ridiculous thought that Pip had used this very technique many times in childhood to bring down a larger playmate. But this was not play. Pippin was rushing to his death! He could feel the weight of the Ring around his neck as never before. If not for It, he would have followed Pippin into the fray, and to certain death. Instead, he turned his back on his cousin, and fled toward Aragorn, dimly aware of Sam at his side. The Ranger had just decapitated a giant brute of an orc, and beyond the creature's body lay fresh air and freedom. Merry lay face down, a steadily growing red pool forming under him. As carefully as the circumstances allowed, Legolas gently rolled him onto his back. He instantly located the stab-wound on the hobbit's left side, just under the ribcage and near the heart, the knife buried to the hilt. There was no time to tend the wound but the elf was sure it was mortal, placing a hand on Merry's brow and finding the flesh cooling rapidly. Long fingers hesitantly rested against the young hobbit's neck and he held his breath and waited. Merry was floating somewhere near the roof of the dim cavern. It was an interesting sensation as he was unaware up until now that he could fly at all. He looked down upon the scene of mayhem below him and his heart seized in clenching pain as he saw Pippin besieged on all sides by terrifying creatures, all intent upon slaying his little cousin and his friends. That was when Merry first realized that he was dead. Grief struck him like a palpable thing, not for himself but – Pippin! They had not even said goodbye. How could he leave without a last touch of his hand, a farewell word from his Pip? Was death supposed to be like this, filled with regret and sorrow? Perhaps if you stayed at home in the Shire and lived to a ripe old age it was not this way. Perhaps then your spirit could leave fulfilled and happy that all was done and you would not feel wrenched from your loved ones so cruelly. Merry watched with frantic anxiety as he saw Pippin race back into the thick of things and tackle two orcs the way he had shown his younger cousin to bring down a heftier opponent, take them low and use all your body weight. "Pippin, no!" he heard himself saying, "Get back! Don't die too." His little cousin was doughty and tenacious in battle though, Merry knew that, but he felt so helpless just floating here, unable to help or even cry out. Why did he have to die so stupidly? Merry berated himself now, he had lost hold of his sword – the one thing Boromir had said he must never do. ' Stupid, clumsy hobbit ,' he thought bitterly, ' Pip, I'm so sorry. ' Merry wondered how long he would be allowed to stay here and watch the fate of his companions – perhaps forever. Maybe that was what happened when you failed. Pippin had started towards where he lay, but then turned to push Frodo and Sam back in the direction of the door. Merry felt his heart leap again, with fear and pride. Fear for the safety of all his companions but great pride that Pippin had remembered the importance of the Quest, to keep safe Frodo. He had resisted the urge to chase after Merry's dead body – it would have been pointless anyway. Merry looked sadly at his own crumpled corpse. He was lying curled up in a foetal position in a large pool of blood. At least he had not been decapitated. Around him lay the ruin of the three orcs that had attacked him and the troll, also slain now. His hand was stretched out and his fingers splayed as though he were reaching for something. Pippin? But he couldn't reach his cousin. He had wanted to touch his hand one last time, something in his soul had refused to leave without saying goodbye – without Pippin. -0000- TBC