said, indicating just how tired he was of living his mortal life. "Maybe not to you, but it is to me," I whispered. "Ah, Arwen, I know that nothing I can say can ease this for you, or for me. But for my part, all of our happy years together have been worth this. And I still am certain that this is not truly an ending. I am but going to sleep, where I will await you as you have often awaited me." "I am not ready to say farewell," I said, still hoping to forestall him, someway. This, then, was Mortality. "Then do not, keep me in your heart and you shall not have to say farewell." "I love you," I cried quietly as I held him and wept, my face pressed against his strong, velvet-clad chest. I trembled and my throat was sore as he held onto me. After a long while he slowly pulled back and kissed my forehead, then my lips. We heard the tolling of the bell in the high tower and he sighed. They expected he was gone by then. He lay down beside me, making himself comfortable just as if he were laying down in our bed after a long day in councils. My heart was rent by the sight of him, looking so comfortable and peaceful. He took my hand in his, and kissing it, said, "I love you, my Evenstar, since the very first time I saw you." I cried bitterly as he held my hand long, stroking it with his thumb. With his free hand he reached up to touch my wet cheek. "So many memories I shall have for dreams until I hold you again." Then he reclined and curled upon his side and said to me, "goodnight, beloved." And he slept. And it was my breaking. I did not leave his side until dawn. I was still shaking even as I stood and went out to the rest of the City. My brothers were waiting for me at the door to the Street, keeping their own vigil. I began to weep all over again when I saw them, and then every time thereafter when I saw something that sparked a memory of my Estel. They held onto me, though, flanking me, ushering me through the mourning crowds, and helped me up to the Citadel, where I went directly to bed. As I fell asleep, I could hear Elrohir say to Elladan that he believed this would be the death of me. I knew at once that he was not wrong. Two days later Estel's body was officially laid to rest in a tomb, in the place where he had relinquished his fëa, after his people had come to pay their last respects, and they were many. I say truly, though, that not one condolence did I receive of easily a thousand that lightened my heart, despite their kindest intentions. I was utterly without hope. The twins, the boys as well as my girls, were worried about me. Eldarion was worried about me and using practically all of the time allotted to the new King for grieving to stay with me and trying to console me. Finally I had to demand that he take care of himself and his wife and their children. Minas Tirith, indeed all of Gondor mourned long and hard. The passing of Estel was like the changing of the world and many did not know what the world was like without him in it. I myself had rather forgotten. After a few months I could no longer bear to be in the White City that Estel had made his own. I almost wanted to go back to Imladris, and would have but that there were still those who lingered there. I needed to be alone, and I could not bear anyone fretting over me any more. My own time was coming, and like wild animals do, I sought to be by myself when that time came. None now dwelt in Lorien, and even the trees were fading of their luster, so that was to where I went. To die in a dying land. The same land that had nurtured me for many years. What once was immortal, now is mortal. I took my horse and left the City, without a host or a guard. Riding out alone, my mourning cloak wrapped about me, for I was so cold, even when the sun shone. I have dwelt here some months, alone with my memories, my anguish, and the love that is still bittersweet in my heart. It was here, upon Cerin Amroth, that Estel and I pledged to one another. Here, I accepted a Mortal life. I know now the pain of mortality, fully, but I do not regret. Were I in Valinor today, I should only have a lifetime of regret. I sit, my back pressing against the smooth bole of a mallorn, its golden leaves lightly falling around me, like the tears I shed upon Estel's bier. I weave a circlet of elanor and niphredil as I used to do in my younger days, before the Shadow was dispelled. I am weary now, and shall lay me down for a time and sleep. And start a new dream. wilwarin-neth - little butterfly le melin vanimelda - i love you, fair (one) hirin-nin - my lady ithilloth - moonflower ellyth - female elves (from elleth - i supposed it would be made plural this way) Ninui - February Herves-nin - my wife Saes - please mela - beloved Yes this is pretty long for a one-shot, but once i started writing it two weeks ago it wouldn't let me go. I haven't worked on anything in those two weeks all because of this little plotbunny. After writing this i realize yet again how much i identify with Arwen. The last line i borrowed from the Trans-siberian Orchestra's Beethoven's Last Night closing song A Final Dream.