place was already crowded with patrons, many of whom were UA students celebrating the semesters close. They found an empty table near the back of the bar and Andy ordered a round of beers for the three of them. They drank and reminisced for some time, joking openly with one another and making plans for the future. Arianna sighed in contentment as she gazed around at the dimly lit tavern and its inhabitance, her fears and worries melting away in a haze of post-grad bliss. Around 10 they left The Surly Wench, opting to drive the half block to the Sky Bar. By the grace of God one parking spot remained open and they rushed into it, giggling like kids as they piled back out of the car. They entered the closely packed bar, taking a seat at the counter. Ari got the bartenders attention and when he strode over she leaned in close, having to practically yell to be heard over the music and chatter. "I'll have a Long Island Iced Tea please!" "I need to see some ID beautiful!" the bartender called back over the din. Ari blushed, and then smiled wanly as she reached for her back pocket. Why was she the only one who ever got carded for anything? Her smile faltered as her hand failed to find the telltale budge of her wallet. "Hold on a sec!" she said, motioning for him to help his other customers, he nodded, and moved on with a small wink in her direction. Her eyes widened momentarily at the man's gesture. Was he flirting with her? She didn't know how to react. She eyed the guy for a moment as he popped open a Dos equis bottle for a male patron. He looked to be in his late twenties or early thirties. His dark hair contrasted well with the tanned skin of his arms. He wasn't exactly ripped, but the tone and definition of his biceps told her that he took very good care of himself. In comparison, her 173 lbs. and utter lack of definition made her feel self-conscious. She was soft all over. Her generous 5'8 stature evened out the edges and made for a nice overall ratio, but her lack of self-confidence put every glance she got from men under suspicion. She pulled her eyes away from the bartender and checked the rest of her pants pockets and, in typical female fashion, her bra. Nothing. With a sigh she turned to Charlotte. "Can I borrow your car keys? I think I left my wallet in the car". Charlotte looked at Ari with her 'seriously?' expression for a moment before digging in her pocket for her keys. She tossed them at Ari, who caught them before she slid off of her bar stool and strode towards the door. On the street restaurants and clubs were humming with activity. Lights blaze on and inside buildings, and the Arizona night was buzzing with car horns, laughter, and music pouring from every open door. It made Ari's head swim. She walked around the side of the building and breathed a sigh of relief. The parking lot was poorly lit and the building seemed to mute the cacophony of sound coming from the street. A group of patrons stood around near the side of the building, the glowing cherries of cigarettes like fireflies in the parking lots dim light. Wordlessly she made her way through the rows of cars until she came to Charlottes Chevy. She thought she could just see the outline of her wallet in the back seat. She unlocked the car and leaned over the seat, reaching for the troublesome cardholder. "You didn't answer my texts" a low, familiar voice said behind her. Arianna's blood turned to ice as fear raced up her spine, the hairs on the back of her neck standing on end. She had barely begun to twist her head in the direction of his voice when pain exploded into the back of her head, stunning the scream from her throat. Her knees buckled and she hit the ground hard, dazed, but not out. Not yet. Black spots danced in her vision, but that didn't stop her from crying out as Aiden climbed atop her. From the corner of her eye she caught a metallic gleam. A knife—he had a knife. Her fight or flight instincts kicked into high gear and it took him a minute and a good punch or two to subdue her. She went limp, present but in complete and utter shock, as he held the knife to her throat, his free hand unbuttoning her jeans. He struggled to get them and her panties to her knees, grunting with the effort, but he managed the feat, moving then to the clasp of his own jeans. Her vision clouded with tears as Ari realized what he planned to do and she turned her head. Concentrating on the pebbled asphalt. She couldn't hold back a pained shriek as he forced himself into her, shattering her innocence in one swift, violent motion. It ended quickly. He gave a strained cry as he found release, the knife biting deeper into her throat. She felt a warm trickle of liquid crawl down the side of her neck. "Why did you have to be a bitch! You should have just talked to me! You made me do this!" he breathed harshly as he pulled the knife away. Her lips quivered with the effort of speaking as she responded. "…go to hell…," she spat weakly, her gaze turning to meet his. His anger faltered then, replaced by fear. She could see him weighing his options. He knew she wasn't a victim— that if she lived he would spend the rest of his days behind bars. She watched as he dropped the knife. Hope fluttered within her for a fleeting moment—and then she felt the barrel of a gun as it pressed itself to her temple. All was silence—then darkness.