strode forward, seized Elrond's arm, and practically dragged him to the seat across from Celebrían. They glared daggers at each other first, then at me. I was both larger and stronger than both of them, so I was not quite sure why I cowered under their gazes, but decided that perhaps giving them a common enemy would cause them to reconcile. There was a long, painful silence which reminded me of the calm before a storm, and then the shouting broke out. First they shouted at me, then they shouted at each other for shouting at me, and when I tried to explain myself, they shouted alternately at each other and me. I could only watch and wonder what I would do if the argument became violent. And suddenly, to my consternation, it was over, and she was sobbing in his arms as he stroked her hair soothingly, murmuring softly in her ear. I was sent a look over her shoulder that said he would deal with me later, and I left the room quickly. Later that evening, I was subjected to a long tirade about why I should mind my own business and not take advantage of friends' trust and lure them into unpleasant situations under false pretenses. I turned to go, thoroughly chastised, but stopped when he said my name quietly. "Glorfindel?" "My lord?" "Thank you." Over the next few months, I was forced to accept that the courtship was no longer merely a courtship, it was not going to break, and would probably grow into something even more beautiful at any given second. They were in love. I saw it in the tenderness of his hands as he touched her cheek when he thought no one was watching and when he took her in his arms to dance with her in the Hall. I saw it in the way he would sometimes pause and smile in his work, apparently at nothing. I saw it in the gentleness of her gaze as she listened to him speak or laid a hand on his arm when he was frustrated. I saw it in their very existence. They were molded to each other, suiting the other like a glove, and were one in their thoughts and actions. Thoughts of the future and the changes to come haunted my mind, but I could not help but be happy. My worst fears and most joyful expectations were confirmed when I happened upon them in the forest that night. I was grateful I had found pleasure in the trees rather than the ground that evening, and was able to look down on them in their moonlit clearing without detection. He was holding her in his arms, one hand first running through her hair, then caressing her cheek. He was murmuring quietly to her, and though I could not catch the words, I noted that his voice was raw and intimate. She was holding his face in her hands, her luminous gaze searching his, brushing black locks away from his temples as she replied to his gentle words. He sighed heavily and leaned forward to kiss her forehead. He whispered one final question there, and when she responded, he drew her swiftly into a passionate embrace. It was time for me to go. Glancing one last time at entwined silver and ebony below me, I returned to the House. And here I was now, witnessing their union. Had I expected this when I had first found them together and laughing at me in the library? Certainly not. Was it something completely expected and natural now? Absolutely. I follow Erestor forward to greet the couple. There is only joy dancing in their eyes as they turn to me and embrace me in turn, and I beam at them and offer my wholehearted blessing and desire for their happiness. When Elrond is occupied briefly with Lindir, I take Celebrían aside. "Now, I must warn you that the care and upkeep of Elf-lords is not light task," I say sternly. "He must be fed daily – or perhaps every other day. He is a soldier and doesn't need much. And… let's see, what else… his clothes will need to be washed at least every yen, and be sure he bathes. The wretch is quite terrified of soap." She laughs her ringing, silver laugh. "I will do my best, Glorfindel," she says, still chuckling. I take her face in my hands and look at her, far more serious than before. "You cannot know how grateful I am to you," I murmur. "For what you have done to and for him." She smiles softly and touches my cheek, and I embrace her again. "Did I forget to mention that I expect at least a dozen nieces and nephews?" I say lightheartedly as I guide her back to her beloved. "Six for me, six for Erestor." "Six whats?" Elrond asks as he takes her in his arms again. "Elflings, dear," Celebrían says, her eyes gentling at the thought. Elrond's own eyes spark. "Yes, well, nieces and nephews are not nearly as important as grandchildren," Celeborn says, clapping his son-in-law on the back. He leans forward to whisper something in his ear, and Elrond chokes. Erestor and I step aside as the bride and groom prepare to dance. When they are finished, many more couples fill the grassy dance floor. My fellow advisor and I, however, retreat to the wine. "And so we await the next chapter of our lives," Erestor says, pouring me my first goblet in an unusually polite gesture. "A much more interesting one, by the looks of it," I reply, watching Elrond and Celebrían slip away from the many guests and into the House. Erestor grunts his concurrence. "But the married life is only for a chosen few," I say genially. "And most certainly not for us. To bachelors." "To bachelors," Erestor agrees with a laugh, and we drain our goblets. I smile into the excellent vintage.