freezing and his mother not far away. Lady Gilraen did not survive." "Lady… Gilraen?" Glorfindel faltered. But then, that would make the baby Erestor shielded… "Aragorn?! Noro lim!" he said urgently to Asfaloth. Neither Elf spoke again until they clattered into the courtyard of the Last Homely House. Glorfindel leapt down and assisted Erestor who promptly shoved him away and ran inside, calling for Elrond. Elrond emerged from the Hall of Fire looking a bit put out. "Erestor, what is the trouble? Surely it can wait, this is Yu-" "If it waits, this child will die!" Erestor shouted. Erestor removed his cloak to reveal the freezing descendent of Elendil. Elrond just stared in alarm for a moment until his healer's instincts kicked in. He moved quickly down the hallway toward the healing wing as Erestor followed on his heels, described how he'd found the child and his dead mother in the woods. Elrond took the little one into his own arms and saw that the little one was shivering violently and barely reacted to the change in presence, not a good sign. Glorfindel was last to come in, after sending Asfaloth to the stables. "What do we need, Elrond?" he asked calmly, used to assisting the Lord of Imladris with medical procedures. Elrond shook his head as he headed back to the Hall of Fire with the babe in his arms. "Fetch some heavy blankets, please," he asked. "We must get him warm again before we can assess any other conditions. I will sit with him by the hearth until he is safe," Elrond said, planning to use the fireplace, body heat, and warm blankets to get Arathorn's son through this. "No," Erestor sternly protested unexpectedly. "What you propose does not require healing knowledge, so I shall be the one who sees this child through. I found him and, gods be merciful, his poor nana. He will stay with me tonight." Erestor reached out to take Aragorn back into his arms and he sat down on the floor, directly beside the blazing hearth. Few of those who were gathered there had ever seen such a thing as Master Erestor seated upon the floor, but Erestor did not care. "You two go and fetch those blankets, and then let us have peace and quiet here tonight. Everyone can celebrate elsewhere; this is now officially a healing chamber." Once Erestor and little Aragorn were snugly wrapped in several layers of hithlain and the fire banked up well for the night, everyone left the hall to continue to Yule vigil (read festiveness) and wonder about how Erestor came to have a child in his care. The hours passed slowly by as Erestor willed the child to regain warmth. After some while he felt the child's little arms move, gripping the Elf in a sort of hug. Erestor tentatively touched the child's cheek and was relieved to find it was no longer quite so chilled. Aragorn looked up at Erestor and lifted his head up just enough to place a childlike little kiss on Erestor's chin. It was then that Erestor broke down, holding the child close to him and thanking the Valar for protecting this innocent child, not even taking into account the fact of who he was. Erestor himself had a chill run down his back when it came to him that had he not gone out that day seeking solitude, this child would not be here. So ironic , he thought, brushing back the dark hair of Isildur's heir, I went to be alone, to seek quiet. Had it not been interrupted, you would have died out there. He looked out the window as the sky grew lighter over Imladris's high cliffs. The sun was rising after the longest night. As the day dawned in brilliant colors, signaling the start of brighter days and bringing the promise of warmth and growth, Erestor smiled. Never have I had such a wonderful Yule night. For Yule is all about hope, so I shall call you from now on Estel, o Arathornion-neth. That day, as Elrond cared for Estel's medical needs, Erestor found a report on his desk that had been left by Elladan on Yule morning. He mentioned that there had been an orc-fight and that a number of Dûnedain were killed. It closed saying that he and his brother would be riding out in two days, after the Yule celebrations, to see if the survivors needed help. Erestor, in a wholly uncharacteristic move, throw the parchment into his hearth. He would not be angry with the twins, for they could not know. He had worked it out well enough without having to know the specifics. Arathorn was killed by orcs, Gilraen knew she and her child needed to find the haven of Imladris as so many of Isildur's heirs in years passed had. Only the courageous lady had not made it, and her son would not have either, had it not been for the grace of the Valar. Erestor knew that this orphaned edan was destined for greatness one day, though he would have to stand many trials first. As Elrond monitored the sleeping boy's temperature he and Erestor discussed the situation. Apparently, had Glorfindel not found Erestor when he did, they would have been at risk of becoming orc fodder, for several of the brutes had been tracking Gilraen. Clearly Isildur's heirs were being pursued. Elrond agreed that Aragorn needed to be keep safe in their haven, and agreed that he should take the child into his care, since he had parenting experience. It was Erestor who pushed the issue of hiding his identity though. Glorfindel was set against the idea, but the twins tipped the balance in Erestor's favor when, upon being informed of the new addition to the house, they said in enthusiastic unison, "a little brother!" "He is Estel, Elrond. That is his name," Erestor said confidently, "and so he shall be, to all of Arda one day."