I can get you some help," she said gently, not wanting to upset him. Together they walked the few blocks down to the hospital. She told him to have a seat in the lobby and to wait just a moment and she would find someone who could "get him home." Faramir liked this place least of all. Never had he been comfortable around the healers in Minas Tirith and every person who walked passed him here gave him that exact same feeling. Nothing about this place felt right, nothing, and Faramir was terrified. He went to find the woman and found her talking to a man in a white coat. "Is it possible for me to wait in the garden?" he asked, looking claustrophobic. "There won't be any need, sir," said the man. "We can take you in for evaluation now." "Evaluation of what sort?" Faramir said suspiciously. The man laid a hand on his arm meant to calm him, but Faramir, already approaching a breaking point, spooked like a horse and bolted. Faramir was fast enough and agile enough to elude the hospital personnel and to lose them rather quickly. The sun was setting and something in him told Faramir to get back to the place he'd started from, that somehow that was the key to getting out of this terrible place. Faramir continued to run back along the streets the carriage had taken him on. It was dark before he came into the first area of the city again, but there was so much light around him that he would not have known it was night. Clearly the city had to be of steel, for so many fires lit would have destroyed a city held up by timbers. Faramir began to wander looking for that place from where he had started. There was a tall building and a shop, he recalled… but that did him little good, everything looked the same here. The further he wandered the more exhausted he became. He realized he was very thirsty and remembered that there had been rivers on the map, though the Valar only knew if the rivers were still there or to what scale the map was - the rivers could be miles away. It was not long, though, before Faramir could hear the lapping of water and he ran to the river. Upon kneeling down and reaching into the river, someone shouted, "you got a death wish or something?" "Excuse me?" Faramir said, panting from near collapse. "That water ain't no Perrier, man. Here," said a man who looked more ragged than any Ranger, handing Faramir a bottle. Faramir looked at the bottle and could not figure out for the life of him what the bottle itself was made from. He drank from it, though he wished he hadn't. "What manner of poison is this?" "Just bottled water, man, I know it's not champagne, but you take what you can get these days." "That is not water. It doesn't even have a taste!" Faramir cried. "Yeah, well, if you want the river water, fine. Why don't you go fishing, too, or go for a swim? There are faster, less painful ways to kill yourself anyway," the man said. "You mean to tell me that this river is poison?" Faramir said. "That's what happens when you get industrialized greed-sloths who dump toxins into the river to save a few dollars. In case you didn't notice, this ain't the farm anymore, Gomer." "I am not looking for a farm," Faramir said, laying down on the riverbank in utter breakdown. "I am looking for home, for my brother and father. I know I will never see Bori' again, but I would even be grateful to have my father tell me it was my fault again. Anything, I just want to get out of here before I die. Man has failed, the Ring will be taken back, and this is what shall happen to Arda." Faramir began to weep. "You are crazy, man," said the other man, getting up and leaving. Faramir was just as glad to be alone. So this was to be his end and the end of all that he knew and held dear. He looked upward at the sky and saw no clouds in the sky, but there were so many lights on the ground that he could see no stars. It was over, he knew, and he allowed his head to loll to the side as he stared westward. The gods were no more it seemed to Faramir. He could feel his will to live leaving him. Just then, his eye caught a little glint toward the east. The sun was beginning to rise, but up above the horizon was a star, one that Faramir had known and associated with comfort since childhood. It was Earëndil, passing by for a morning visit. As Faramir watched the star's swift progress as day dawned he realized that no matter what befell his world, all was just a passing moment in time, and even the worst of circumstances was truly of little consequence, for nothing would last forever, and at the End of Days even the very earth was destined to be unmade and made anew. It was then that Faramir heard a voice above him, calling his name, softly at first, then louder and closer. There stood beside him a man, dressed as a Ranger, but tall and respectable. "Faramir," said the man, "return to us, you are dearly needed." Faramir looked for a long time at the man and it seemed strange to him that he should be garbed as a Ranger, for this man had all the bearing of a king of old, but he looked to be filled with compassion, also. The man extended his hand to Faramir, again speaking his name with fondness and esteem. Faramir took the hand offered to him and said, "My lord, you called me. I come. What does my king command?"