took for the elf to do as Aragorn asked. Pippin looked up at Gandalf. The Wizard knew what had surprised the Hobbit, so he spared a comforting glance at the youngster. Pippin wondered if Faramir, who he had yet to meet, would be more open to Aragorn's return than the rest of his family. Pippin stared at the ceiling wondering if Gandalf had drifted off to sleep yet. He wanted desperately to talk to someone, and the Wizard was the only company he had. He wanted to ask about Merry, Frodo, and Sam once more, but he was neither entirely certain Gandalf could tell him anything nor the least bit certain that he would care to know if anything had gone wrong with his three friends. Not for the first time, he wondered how he had gotten here. This was as far from the Shire as any Hobbit was likely to get. When Merry had told him that there would be no Shire at all if this war was not won, the very idea had shattered his safe little world. He had believed that they would simply return home when the part they played was over. It had never occurred to him that the Shire might not be there, or that some of the evil he had seen since leaving Crickhollow might find its way there. He imagined orcs and Black Riders racing through Hobbiton and wargs and wolves hunting their dinners on Bagshot Row. The images refused to leave him and his dreams echoed his waking thoughts. He shivered and drew the blanket more tightly around him as he shifted position yet again. "Peregrin Took, if you continue to toss about like a frog on a frying pan, I will have to tie you down!" Gandalf's voice echoed through the silent room, and Pippin inhaled sharply but did not exhale. A tired moan came back to the Hobbit from across the room. "Forgive me, Pippin, but an old Wizard sometimes forgets himself. I will never tie you down, my dear Hobbit." Pip breathed again in relief. "I never meant to disturb you." "I know you didn't, Pippin. Tell me what concerns you so much that it keeps you from a Hobbit's second favorite pass time…sleeping!" Pippin shrugged even though he was sure the gesture couldn't be seen. "I'm thinking of Merry and Sam and Frodo. It feels like years since I've seen them, though I know that can't be so. Merry was so worried about me when we parted, and now he's all I can think of. Sam and Frodo…we haven't heard a word about them since Boromir died! That seems another lifetime ago!" Gandaf nodded. "It's natural enough to worry, but it will get you nowhere. Merry is as safe as you are. Theoden was quite fond of him, and I believe he and Eowyn will likely strike up a friendship." The Wizard sighed. "As for Sam and Frodo…I wish I knew. All I can say for certain is they have not yet destroyed the Ring, but then neither has Sauron found it. They may yet succeed in their quest." Pippin thought this over. "If they don't, how will we know?" "You will know, Pip. If Sauron finds the Ring, there will be no way to defeat him. Darkness will spread across all of Middle-earth." Pip thought that over. "Sam and Frodo will win." "I hope so, Pippin. I truly hope so." Pippin wondered at the conviction in his own words. In the moment that he'd uttered them, he had believed them utterly. Sam and Frodo would succeed. They had to succeed. As far as Pippin knew, Frodo had never failed in anything he'd set out to do. He could only ever remember Frodo happy and laughing and full of joy...and yet, since leaving the Shire, Pip realized he'd rarely seen Frodo anything other than pensive, sullen, and fearful. "I wish the Ring had never come to him." Pip whispered, forgetting for a moment that he was not alone. Gandalf gave a small chuckle that sounded more like a sigh. "Frodo said much the same to me, Young Took, but the fact is it did come to him. And while I would spare him this if I could, as I would spare you...and Merry and Sam, and, come to that, Legolas, Aragorn, Gimli...and Faramir...the choice it not ours to make. We all have some part to play in this." Pippin's eyes widened slightly. "Even me?" Gandalf laughed now, though not joyously, the young Hobbit's words and tone had released the tension he'd bottled inside him since departing from Denethor's chambers. "Yes, my friend, even you. I fear my chastisement may have left you thinking ill of your contribution." "What contribution? I'm a burden to all of you." Gandalf moved in the darkness, kneeling by Pippin's bedside, and speaking in a voice quieter than a whisper. "If my hasty words have caused you to think so, Peregrin Took, then I regret them more than you can know. You are a member of the Fellowship of the Ring, and while I would have chosen that you not undertake this journey, Lord Elrond knew well what he was doing in sending you along." Pippin looked intently at the Wizard, eyes wide in amazement. "You believe that?" Gandalf smiled and rested his hand on Pippin's. "Yes, I do." Pippin smiled in return feeling slightly better than he had. "Thank you, Gandalf." "You are most welcome, Pippin." Gandalf rose and retreated to his own bed. Pippin lay awake listening to the Wizard as he settled down, and, in but a short time, began to snore. As he listened, he promised himself he would live up to Gandalf's words. He would not give the Wizard any reason to call him a fool of a Took ever again. He stretched and settled down, closing his eyes to sleep. His last waking thoughts--of the Shire, and Merry--melted into sweet dreams full of hope and peace. End