way through the lush forest just bordering Rivendell. "I still can not believe it has been so many years since I carried Frodo across the river Bruinen," Arwen whispered looking at the sparkling water that was once so shallow. "It does seem ages ago," Elrond confirmed as they turned to head back to Rivendell. "Your brother has slowly began to drift from us." "He did care for her," Arwen replied. "Not enough to fade," Elrond said. "What are you saying, father?" Arwen asked. "You must speak to him. Make him understand life is not worth losing if the one who claim to love leaves you for sixteen years to never return," Elrond said causing Arwen to halt and stare hard at her father. "Have you learned nothing from Elessar and myself? Look at what we created! Eldarion and we have daughters," Arwen hissed, eyes narrowing. "And I must cope with the idea that you will one day pass when Elessar's light diminishes," Elrond countered as a loud splash came from behind them. "What was that?" Arwen asked looking at the surrounding forest. "There in the water," Elrond whispered as a woman jumped from the water, gasping and shaking as she circled around in the middle of the Bruinen River. "Kristy?" Arwen whispered as her heart skipped a beat. There she was the girl, blonde hair floating around her as she swam to shore, unaware of the two that watched. "Why," Elrond whispered. "Why always here?" "Fate," Arwen said rushing to the shoreline where the young woman would soon reach. "Kristy!" "Arwen?" Kristy whispered as she stood in the shallows as the Elven Princess rushed her, knocking the girl off her feet and back into the water. With a splash both girls were quickly submerged in the crystal clear water. Elrond casually made his way over to the two as they slowly came from the water. "How?" Kristy and Arwen asked one another. "Am I?" Kristy asked. "No one else has surfaced," Elrond whispered with narrowed eyes. "We must tell Elrohir!" Arwen whispered in excitement, gripping Kristy's wrist and dragging her through the forest quickly back to Rivendell just as the twins and her son were coming through the gate to search for their father and sibling. Twins stopped at the sight of the drenched human approaching them, her elven features all but disappeared from when she had once resided there. "Kristy?" Elrohir whispered. "Aragorn, a word. If you do not mind," Thranduil whispered as his son and Gimli prepared for their nightly rounds to check the safety of Mirkwood. "Of course," Aragorn replied. "You must convince my son to move on," Thranduil whispered as Legolas gave his father a glare as he settled onto his horse, with Gimli in front. "I can not guarantee my success in such a request. He did love her very much and I know she loved him," Aragorn whispered, placing a hand on the King's shoulder before turning to mount Brego. "I will not marry another," Legolas said as they began their track, guards following closely behind. Aragorn gave a solid nod before looking ahead slightly. "Legolas…" he whispered. "Are your people always wandering around alone?" Gimli asked. "Those are not elves of Mirkwood," Legolas said, dismounting his horse and motioning for his men to stop. Aragorn and Gimli following in suit, drawing their weapons. "How have they not spotted us?" Aragorn wondered. "Daro! Stop !" Legolas called out, the begins stopped for a moment to stare at one another before looking around the surrounding forest before continuing on. "Daro! Stop !" Aragorn called this time. "Have they stopped?" Aragorn's eyes straining in an attempt to see what Legolas was intently watching. "They are not responded. They don't know where the command is coming from," Legolas said moving forward quickly to cut the two travelers off before his guards chose to open fire. "Daro! Stop !" Legolas commanded coming to stand before two elven twins who stared at him with wide blue eyes, their mouths hanging agape. "Man cerig? What are you doing? " Legolas questioned. "What? Speak English," the man said causing Legolas to look to Aragorn. "Pedil edhellen? Do you speak Elvish?" Legolas asked. "En-gl-ish," the girl said from behind the man, her hand clutching to her brother's arm. "Are you not elven?" Aragorn asked. "There is not such thing as elves," the girl said from behind her brother. "What are your names?" Legolas asked. "They look familiar," Gimli commented. "Serena," the girl said. "Shane," the boy answered. "You are clearly elven. Why are you in the woods of Mirkwood? Who sent you?" Legolas asked. "We woke up here," Serena answered. "Where are you from?" Gimli asked. "They do look familiar," Aragorn agreed as Legolas moved around the two to check for weapons finding none, only the strange garments they wore. "Where did you get this?" Legolas asked grabbing the girls wrist and pulling her to him, his eyes starring at the ring he had given Jessica sixteen years ago. Aragorn quickly stepping up to restrain the brother who instinctively went to punch at the Elven Prince. "My mother gave it to me, you asshole. Let me go," the girl hissed. Aragorn and Gimli look at each other with a grin as Legolas narrowed his eyes at the girl. "Where did you steal it from? You thief," Legolas commented. "I am not a thief," Serena yelled. "Take them to Mirkwood. I shall interrogate them further upon my return," Legolas ordered his guards who quickly approached to bound the twins at the wrist. "Legolas…" Aragorn whispered. "You didn't notice anything about them two?" "They managed to steal Jessica's ring before she left, yes, I saw." Legolas replied. "They don't look like anyone to you?" Gimli asked. "No," Legolas replied. A/N: Alright Chapter One is officially done. Everything is set into motion now lets see where all these characters will head off too and with a new enemy. Next chapter will be posted next week!