"And how do you find Mirkwood?" he questioned curiously. "It is, I am sure, not quite like your lands." Haldir barked out an amused laugh. "No, indeed it is not. But it has its own dark beauty." He paused for a moment, trying to form his next words carefully so as not to create accidental insult to his newfound friend. "I have heard tales of this land, of course, and while I would personally not choose to live here, I am glad of the opportunity to visit and learn firsthand what life here is like. It may well prove different from all our tales in Lórien." "Yes, I understand your meaning," answered Daugion, smiling. "It is a dark place to be sure and while we must always be on guard against what lurks here, Mirkwood is filled with its own rewards. During your stay I certainly hope you learn some of them." "Indeed," smiled Haldir, feeling the sentiment residing deep within him. "I certainly hope so too." 888888888888888888888888888888 After the feasting was over the tables were cleared by the servants while the dinner party retired to a neighboring hall. A roaring fire had been set in the oversized stone fireplace which cast its warm glow over the entire room. While not as grand as the hall they had just left, Haldir found it to be quite comfortable, even cozy. There more Elves had already gathered, talking amongst themselves in small groups. Walking with Haldir Daugion pointed out several Elves who were in the same guard as he was. "There, standing closest to the fireplace is Gondien. The one standing with him is Revion. He is one you might find interesting to talk with; he too often journeys beyond our borders. Only recently is he returned to Mirkwood after having spent some months in the South. I will have to introduce you at some point during your stay." Daugion said. Redirecting Haldir's attention to the other side of the room he started pointing out several more of his companions. Momentarily later, however, he was interrupted by the sound of otherworldly singing. Leaning close to Haldir's ear Daugion said in a low voice as not to disturb the surrounding Elves, "Ah, and here is a real treat. Menelwen has chosen to begin the evening. It is said her voice could call the stars from their heavens in order to dance here on Arda amongst the twilit gardens bedecked with dew. We have not heard from her in a long while." Haldir nodded. Already he was entranced. Never before had he heard such beauty in music. Her song wrapped her arms around him in a sweet embrace, holding him so close that he felt as if he could spend eternity lost in her music. Daugion seeing Haldir's wistful contentment smiled to himself and stepped back. Haldir did not notice. All he was aware of was the feel of the open air upon his cheek and the warm sunlight streaming down upon his head; the enchantment of her song. Although Menelwen sang for many long minutes the song ended far too soon and Haldir suddenly felt almost cool, as if he had entered an unlit room after standing outside on a summer's day. Slowly he became aware of his surroundings once more as another singer started his song. Looking about him he saw a new Elf had discretely entered the room while he and the rest of the company there gathered were under Menelwen's spell. The Elf had his face turned away from Haldir, but something about him felt familiar, as if he had somehow known the other Elf from another lifetime. As if the other Elf sensed Haldir's thoughts he turned and looked his way. In that moment Haldir was struck with an inability to speak. The room about him seemed to fade into the background and he could not help but stare. There before him was the most beautiful creature he had ever beheld: fairer than any other Elf that currently lived with eyes that seemed to reflect the inner light of the dancing fire and golden hair that captured all the warmth held in Middle-earth. Haldir felt as if all loveliness that ever was and ever would be were concentrated and was radiating from the bewitching Elf. Unable to draw his gaze away from the Elf Haldir nudged the air near Daugion, unaware that he was missing his mark entirely. "Who is that new Elf, the one standing with Gondien and Revion?" he questioned hazily. Daugion, seeing the transfixed wonder on Haldir's face, redirected his attention to the Elf in question. Had Haldir eyes for anyone else in the room he might have once again noticed the fleeting shadow darken his friend's face before he answered, but as it was he took no notice. "That," Daugion responded, "is Legolas Thranduilion, prince of Mirkwood." As if the sound of Daugion's voice suddenly roused him, Haldir felt a tingle that started in his toes and rushed to the top of his head. A roaring cacophony as of many rivers filled his ears and a heightened sense of awareness made him conscious that he was openly gawking. Quickly adverting his eyes, he turned his focus once more upon the singer, still aware of the beautiful Elf standing in the corner. " Legolas…" Haldir breathed to himself, feeling like spring was taking root deep within his heart. This trip to Mirkwood if not already worthwhile had suddenly become even more so; having looked upon that which was most fair Haldir knew his life was never to be the same again. To be continued… A/N: The dialogue between Sméagol and Déagol at the beginning of the chapter is taken word for word from The Fellowship of the Ring and belongs solely to Tolkien and his estate. Also, in case you were wondering about the names given: Meldiron means "friend," Daugion means "of the army," Gondien means "a rock," Revion means "to wander," and Menelwen means "heavenly."