raced through the corridors, dashing his tears from his eyes. A sense of urgency propelled him forward. If only it was not too late! "Wait!" Estel cried as soon as he reached the departing party. "Legolas, wait!" He could not see Legolas anywhere. Had he missed him? Suddenly he saw a horse towards the front of the group turning towards him. There he was! He was not too late after all! A grin broke out on Legolas's face. Trotting his horse forward, he dismounted in front of Estel and knelt in the dirt before him. Grabbing hold of the child he wrapped his arms around him. "I'm so glad you changed your mind!" he exclaimed, feeling a tear of relief, joy, and sadness trickle down his face. As soon as Legolas's arms were about him, Estel lost any determination he might have had not to cry in front of his friend. The tears came pouring from him, and he could not hold back the sob that escaped him. "Legolas!" he cried, "please don't leave me!" Legolas held him at arms' length to study the young face that was stained with layers of tears. He felt an ache for the child, knowing that for him, the time they spent apart would feel longer than it would for himself. He loved Estel, yes, but for his mortality, he knew Estel would bear the burden of farewell more heavily on his heart. Indeed, he already was suffering. Legolas longed to reach out and heal that heartbreak, but he knew he could not. "Estel," Legolas said, looking directly into the boy's eyes and smiling slightly, "do not grieve so. This separation is merely temporary. We will see each other again." "But when?" sniffed Estel. "I cannot say. But we will still be friends, though we are parted, and for our parting our reunification will be that much sweeter, don't you think?" Legolas smiled encouragingly. "I suppose," said Estel, trying to feel brave. "I know so," answered Legolas. "We will see each other again." 88888888888888888888888888888888 It had been many years since that farewell and the ranger known as Strider could still feel the emptiness that the child Estel had carried with him for years after. He had heard Legolas was to attend this meeting that Elrond had called to discuss the One Ring, and despite himself, he felt slightly nervous. He had kept tabs on his childhood friend, but never since that parting had the two met. Likely Legolas had forgotten all about him. Throughout the meeting, Strider tried to keep his gaze from wandering over to the Elf who sat across from him. Did he remember? Could, perhaps, he find a new friend in the Mirkwood Elf? Everything about him was still familiar; his memory had kept an accurate picture of Legolas all this while. And yet, somehow the Elf was different. He knew that this was due to the fact that he was seeing through adult eyes the friend he knew only as a child. Was it possible that, despite the years and the growth he had personally experienced, the two could rekindle their friendship? Or was it simply too late for that? Nevertheless, his mind still was able to focus on the meeting at hand. This ring, this thing of such evil, tempted him, and he knew that the love of others that Legolas had once told him would grow in him had, in fact, taken root in his system. He could not abandon Middle-earth to its fate; what Boromir proposed was outrageous. No Man could wield this kind of power and live. Middle-earth would be laid to ruins and all that was beautiful and right in the world in which they lived and that they loved would be destroyed. "You cannot wield it," he broke into Boromir's speech, concerned at the direction of the Man's thoughts, "None of us can. The One Ring answers to Sauron alone. It has no other master." Boromir turned towards Strider, a look of condescending written on his face and in his voice as he answered. "And what would a Ranger know of this matter?" At this Legolas rose to his feet. "This is no mere Ranger. This is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe him your allegiance." He had been looking Boromir straight in the eye but broke contact as Boromir turned to inspect the Ranger before him. Feeling the eyes of Aragorn upon him, Legolas made eye contact with him for the first time since he had said goodbye to the child Estel all those years ago. Aragorn met and held his gaze for only a fraction of a second before returning his attention to Boromir. "Aragorn?" Boromir was questioning. " This is Isildur's heir?" "And heir to the throne of Gondor," Legolas added defensively before darting his eyes back to Aragorn. A feeling of warmth settled over Aragorn. Despite the seriousness of the situation at hand, Aragorn could not help but feel a certain level of happiness at his friend's memory. Of course I remember, my friend, Aragorn suddenly heard his friend's voice in his head. I could never forget you, Estel. I promised we'd see each other again, didn't I? Indeed he had. Suddenly Aragorn saw in his mind's eye Estel running through the meadows, laughing and swimming, riding and shooting with Legolas all those years ago. Yes, for the child who was Estel, for the Elf who still stood by him and called him friend, for Frodo and his kin and for all others who called Middle-earth their home, he knew he would be able to one day take his place on his throne. It is good to see you again, my friend, Estel thought back happily. ----------------------------------------------------------------- A/N: Yes, I have shameless stolen two separate things for this story. Obviously the dialogue at the very end at Elrond's council is taken word for word from the movie. Secondly, I borrowed J.M. Barrie's idea from Peter Pan that acorns are kisses.