you appear to be pregnant." "Oh, yes, that." He peered down at his swollen belly. "These things happen sometimes." "Ah. I see." "Beware the consequences of not using proper protection, Éomer," said Legolas, waggling an admonitory finger. "But no matter. Little Fundin shall be a wanted child." "Fundin?" Éomer sounded puzzled. "That sounds rather Dwarvish." Looking up from his salted pork, Gimli cleared his throat pointedly. Éomer blinked. "Oh. I get it." "I don't approve of these inter-species relationships," declared Gandalf, frowning. "That's not what you said last night," hissed the Balrog, poking his head into the room and cracking his whip suggestively. "Oh, Flame of Udûn, be have ," giggled Glorfindel, tugging the Balrog back into the bedchamber. A second later, the door opened again, and out came… " Estel!" cried Arwen. " Thorongil!" cried Denethor. " Strider!" cried the Hobbits. " Aragorn!" cried Boromir. " Pookums!" cried Éomer. "I thought I told you not to call me that in public," said the King. Éomer blushed furiously. "Sorry, shnoogie." Aragorn rolled his eyes and looked about. "Whatever. Breakfast, I see! Any seats available?" There was an instantaneous tumult. "Ooh! Ooh! Sit with us, sit with us!" squealed Boromir, bouncing up and down next to Faramir, who, though still attempting to recover from the sight of a Balrog in his sitting room, had enough presence of mind to be shocked at the fact that his brother had really just squealed . "No, no, over here, over here!" cried Denethor and Imrahil. "With us! With us!" objected Arwen and Éowyn. "Don't you want to snuggle, pookums?" "You can sit here! Here! Here!" " Down here!" cried all four Hobbits in unison. "Hmmm… choices, choices…" Aragorn smirked. "Maybe I should just lie out on the table so that you all can bask in my not unremarkable glory?" Incensed at the idea of Aragorn climbing all over his furniture, Faramir stood up. Boromir pulled him back down. Faramir shook him off and stood up again. "Look, what in the name of the Valar…" "Are the Valar in there, too?" said Legolas, gesturing toward the door. "Are the Valar in there, too?" Aragorn stepped back and popped the door ajar, peering within. "Yes, the Valar are in there, too. Well, not all of them. Ulmo couldn't make it. He doesn't do well outside of water." "Look, forget the Valar!" cried Faramir. "I want to know what all of you are doing here! I never invited you! And I certainly won't tolerate such… such acts of… wanton… wanton debauchery under this roof!" He stamped his foot for emphasis. "Ooh, someone's getting feisty," purred Théodred, sipping his tea. " And stop drinking all of my bloody tea!" "As for why we're all here, Faramir," said Gandalf gravely. "Well, do you mean to say you don't know?" "No, of course I don't know! What is there to know?" The countenance of every person in the room, even the Hobbits rolling around on the floor, sobered instantly. "It's the Ring," said Éowyn gravely. "We sought to use it for good, but it corrupted us in the end. Now we are slaves to its will," said Boromir. "It forces us to commit… vile acts!" said Aragorn. "Vile!" agreed Legolas. "Depraved!" added Saruman. "Despicable!" added Arwen. "I actually thought they were rather f…" began Éomer. "Shh," said Aragorn. "Look, what on Arda are you all talking about? There is no Ring!" argued Faramir. "The Ring was destroyed!" "No, it wasn't!" gasped Aragorn. "Boromir took it from Frodo at Amon Hen, remember?" "I most certainly did not!" objected Boromir. "Frodo gave it to you!" "No, I didn't!" said Frodo from the floor. "I gave it to Galadriel!" "And then I stole it when I sacked Lórien!" supplied Saruman. "You never sacked Lórien, you pompous windbag!" said Arwen. "Frodo gave it to Galadriel, who gave it to Aragorn, who had to give it to me when he lost the wedding bands before the ceremony!" "But I thought you had the Ring, Faramir!" said Legolas. "Didn't you steal it from Frodo after you seduced him at Henneth Annún?" Faramir nearly gagged. " WHAT? I never… I never seduced Frodo! Ever! Where do you get these preposterous notions?" "Well, Fari, you can hardly spend five minutes teasing Frodo's ring with the point of your sword and then not expect us to suspect anything," said Boromir reasonably. "But… but…" Faramir's mind reeled as he desperately tried to cling to the last remnants of his sanity, which appeared to been stolen away along with each and every one of his cups of tea. And then he had a sudden Inspiration. "You're right," he said. Boromir looked puzzled. "What was that?" "I said you're right. I do have the Ring. I've had it all along." He turned to address the room at large. "I am the Dark Lord of Middle-earth, wielder of the One Ring To Rule Them All. And everything I say must be obeyed." He paused. "And I say that we should all go back into that bedroom for another round." There were whoops and cheers and hollers as everyone threw down fragments of breakfast and dashed into the bedchamber at full tilt. Faramir, pretending to follow behind, waited until the last stragglers crossed the threshold, and then swiftly slammed the door behind them, bolting it firmly. Gloating inwardly, he made his way over to the table to pour himself a cup of victory tea. And discovered that the pot was empty. 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o Faramir held the empty pot in his hands and contemplated it for nearly a quarter of an hour. Then, putting it aside at last, he rose to his feet, said "What the hell", unlocked the door, and went in. The larger population of Middle-earth was quick to offer the tea-bereft Steward all the comfort it was within their power to bestow. 0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o0o A/n: Each time I read this, I find more symbolism. … I think the Hawthorne must be getting to me.