in shame. And I'm not just playing the part, too. There is so much real evil in the world. Why should we wish to sow mischief ourselves? Has all the change finished, do you think, or will the world keep on changing more and more? And will the hobbits be part of it, or will we stay safe and snug behind our borders, and let the world race away from us, pausing only to marvel, sometimes, at the wonders that we hear of in letters? 13. Éomer to Meriadoc, F.A. 19 From Éomer King to Meriadoc Brandybuck, in haste. Your letter was brought to me with the latest dispatches. Apologies for the late reply. My men and I have ridden to battle with King Elessar, for old enemies have surfaced again in the east. I apologise for the writing. I was wounded in the right arm, and although my left arm is trained for the spear, it refuses to cooperate when I ask it to write. And behold! I have knocked the ink pot over and all but obscured my words. Must go. Horns are sounding. 14. Meriadoc to Éomer, F.A. 19 You are at war? I knew that, of course, because we are Councillors of the north kingdom now, and important messengers keep us informed of such things. But you are at war ? Today I adjudicated over a boundary dispute - something about overhanging apple trees - and helped find a missing kitten. And you and Aragorn are at war. You might have fallen in battle, and the messenger is even now pounding his way along the Greenway with the news, while I search for missing kittens. Aragorn thinks it's important that we keep on doing things like that. He thinks that because we are the sort of people who spend our days worrying about missing kittens and overhanging apple trees, Frodo was able to do what he did. That's why he doesn't want us to be invaded by Men, who might change things. Sometimes I agree with him. Sometimes… You're at war. I hope you're well. I hope you're already home. Home's important, but I wish… 15. Meriadoc to Éomer, F.A. 19 Éomer? Please write. Éowyn's silent, too. Pippin's heard nothing from Faramir, either. We even went to Annúminas but nobody knows anything there. What's the point of having such an enormous kingdom if we in the north don't know ? Aragorn has the palantir, but what do we have? Just ponies. Messages are so much quicker than they used to be, but they still take weeks. I wish I could be everywhere at once. I wish… 16. Éomer to Meriadoc, F.A. 19 From Éomer King to Meriadoc Brandybuck, in haste. All is well. Elessar was triumphant, although it was a close-fought thing. Our enemies were preying on our couriers, and many messages went astray. I was wounded, but it was but a little thing. Elessar was wounded worse, but that is all healed now. Faramir and Éowyn were too busy trying to hold things together at home. You were worried. Of course you were. I am sorry. I will send more soon. 17. Meriadoc to Éomer, F.A. 20 From Meriadoc, Master of Buckland, to Éomer King, Lord of the Eorlingas, greetings. I am heartily relieved to hear that you and all our friends are alive and well. I wish I could have been there with you. But, no, I don't wish that, because although I learnt more about war than most hobbits ever know, and Pippin and I are considered military heroes for our part in the Battle of Bywater, I am not made for war. I have seen more of it than I ever want to see. I don't know what world I want to live in. I want to live here, because this is my place, but I want to be with my friends in the south. I want the world to stay as it was, but I want it to change. I want to be there when my friends are fighting for their lives, but I want to stay here, fighting for the quiet freedoms that Aragorn's Rangers used to risk their lives to preserve. I am in two worlds. Do you feel that, Éomer? Does everyone? But at least we have letters. With letters, those two worlds can meet. The world is shrinking, but we still lie many weeks apart, but with words, we can know each other. I hope our letters can continue. They mean a lot to me. But now I must go. The goat has fallen in the duck pond again, and there is much loud clamouring, with everyone insisting it's someone else's fault. I'd better go and sort it out. Afterword The letters do not end there. As Meriadoc hoped, the letters continued for the rest of their lives, but that is a tale for the second bundle… End Note : I'd originally intended the letters to cover the whole of Éomer's life-span, leading seamlessly into my story, The Swallow, which deals with Merry's arrival at Edoras not long before Éomer's death. But then I realised that I was approaching 5000 words and had barely covered a decade. Massive acceleration of the time-scale didn't feel right to me, and neither did suddenly jumping 30 years, and resuming near the end. So imagine that The Master and the King: part 2 will appear in vol. 130 of First Century Studies , and the complete, unedited correspondence (with copious annotations by Targon Fletcher) will be published in the following year. The "eventful visit" to Minas Tirith in F.A. 12 is the subject of The Shadow of War, which I had only just started to write when I wrote this story, but which is now finished and posted. Any similarities to Humphrey Carpenter's edition of Tolkien's letters are, of course, entirely intentional. Fortunately for future historians, Merry inherited his creator's habit of holding onto his drafts, even those that went unsent.