as she could remember. She wondered if there were roses in Rohan. "Morwen..." He knelt before her. "It is the custom of... my people to give a gift to their promised bride." He hesitated before he spoke of his people. He had been younger than she was now when he had left Rohan. She remembered her first sight of him, long ago. He had been a grown man; she had been a child. The older girls had debated whether he was handsome or not, with his long pale hair and his jewel-coloured clothing. Morwen had been afraid of his horse. "It is the custom of my people, too." She could feel the rose petal crushed against her palm. She could smell it, too: the smell of lost childhood. As a girl, she had made perfume out of rose petals and water. "Your people give jewellery," said Thengel. Unbidden, her hand rose to her throat, where she wore her grandmother's opals, from Dol Amroth by the sea. Gondor was white and silver and steel. Like all her kin, she was tall, with dark hair and eyes of grey. The colours of her family were pale blue and a white like pearls. Thengel had come to Gondor in gold and bronze, with a brooch of garnet and a cloak the colour of emeralds. The jewels of Rohan were the colour of gardens, not towers of old stone. "My people…" Thengel faltered again. He had left in anger; she knew that now. He had left in anger, and in nearly twenty years, had not gone home. "My people give a sword." "To a lady?" She laughed, just a little. Then she wished that she had not. "The noble ladies of Rohan learn how to wield a sword," Thengel said. "They do not ride to war, but if war comes to them, they defend their halls and their hearths. A Queen of the Eorlingas is a sword and a shield for all the women of the Mark." "I… knew that." She feared she sounded very young. He smiled, but it did not reach his eyes. "I should give you an heirloom, a treasure of my house to be your own, but I have not gone home in nigh on twenty years. I brought with me no jewels to grace a lady's neck, and no sword to suit a lady's hand." Home, he had said. She wondered what place his heart called home, when he had lived half his life away from the country of his birth. She wondered where he would choose to live out his days, without duty and his birthright to call him back to Rohan one day, to be king. One day, she would know him well enough to ask him. One day, perhaps, she would know without the need for asking. "But I am Thengel son of Fengel, of the House of Eorl," he said, "although I have lived in Gondor these twenty years; and you are Morwen of Belfalas and Lossarnach in Gondor, although one day it may be that you will be Queen in Edoras; and this, Morwen, is my bride gift to you." It gleamed in the sun like the river at noontide. It jewels were dark red, like the roses of her garden; but those that did not catch the light were dark as a summer night. It was a sword, but slimmer and shorter than the sword Thengel wore at his belt. Its guard and its pommel and even its grip were made of gold, inlaid with countless close-fitting garnets. Patterns of dark red and gold swirled around the hilt, tracing the shapes of flowers and animals. Beneath the pommel, she saw a swan, and turning it around, she saw a horse. The pommel itself was set with the largest garnet she had ever seen. She saw her reflection in it, fractured into a dozen facets. "It is beautiful," she breathed. "It is both jewellery and a sword. It is Rohan, and Gondor, too. It is…" She felt herself blushing. She wanted to lower her eyes, but did not. "It is us." His smile was sunlight. She had not realised until then how nervous he had been. In some ways, she was still five years old, and he was the noble prince from a far-off land. Grown men were never shy. Princes felt no fear. She thought she might love him. "Where did you get it?" She wondered where the garnets had come from. She was suddenly sure that the large stone had been used before, in a brooch, perhaps, or on a belt, or worn at the throat of a beautiful maiden. She wondered how the its previous owner had lost it, and what stories it had seen, and how it had come to her. "I had it made," he said. "For you." A skein of geese flew overhead, heading north-west. Rohan lay there, beyond the mountains. She would have to live there one day. She would be queen, and one day, perhaps, a son of hers would be king. She did not know if there were roses there. There was no Great River. There were horses instead of swans. But Thengel would be there, beside her, and he loved her enough to make her this gift. He said he had brought no heirlooms. Let this become a new heirloom, then: the first of the new house that they would make between them. She turned the sword in her hand, letting it catch the light. The great old garnet gleamed, showing none of its old stories, just her own reflection and the reflection of Thengel, who loved her. The blackbird returned, joyful on the silver branches. Her heart was fluttering as she moved forward and let him take her in his arms. "We will make new stories." She spoke it into the warmth of his chest, where his heart was pounding as much as hers. "We will make new stories together, you and I."