gone. "Go on, guess." Aragorn obeyed. "Apple," he suggested, "and bacon? I can see the carrot. Some sort of herb…" "The mystery ingredient!" Pippin tapped a finger against the side of his nose. "Don't ask, because we won't tell. It's a hobbit secret that only hobbits can know." Only hobbits, Aragorn thought. Not strangers. Ah, but it was good that he had come here! It would be good for every noble, every soldier, every lord: everyone who by their actions, had the power to affect the small people of the world. Whenever a hobbit left the Shire, he wandered in a world built for people of a different size. It was only right that Men should experience the same. If they were shut out of the Shire forever more, they would come to forget that a place existed where they were outsiders; where their ways were not the only ways; where their ways were not the right ways. It was important to be a stranger at times, to feel out of place. Aragorn had learnt that lesson well in the long decades of his wandering, but he had spent the last forty years on the throne of the Reunified Kingdom, and wherever he went, the world tried to shape itself around him, as people hurried to fulfil his imagined needs. "Another drink?" Pippin said. "Oh, all right, if you insist." Aragorn shifted position again, and the table left the ground for a moment, lifted up by his knees. With a cry, Pippin lunged for his tankard, narrowly managing to catch it, as the table legs smashed into the floor, scraping against the flagstones. Fifty pairs of hobbit eyes turned to look at them, as conversations lulled. "Shouldn't have brought a Man. " The voice was low, but it came at that moment of near silence, and it carried as loudly as a shout. "We know what Men are like, and that one has a villainous look about him. We shouldn't stand for it, that's what I say." "Hey, now, Nob!" someone admonished him. There were other shouts, too. Amid the jostling of the crowd, Aragorn caught a glimpse of a raised stick. He leant forward, ready to react. Such things could escalate; he had seen it happen. A cry of dissent in a market place far to the south had veiled an assassination attempt. He was the King. They would look to him to take the lead. They always did. They… He let out a breath; sank back against the too-small seat. Merry had taken over, pushing his way through the crowd with easy assurance. With an apologetic smile to Aragorn, Pippin stood up and slithered through the crowd by another route. Aragorn was left out, forgotten, able to see nothing but a circle of backs. There was too much muttering for him to hear what Merry and Pippin were saying, but he could hear the tone: firm, but not harsh. The door opened and shut. He resisted the urge to stand up and take a look. "A little bit too much to drink," Merry explained, returning to his seat. "A common problem at Harvest Home. He didn't mean it." "Yes, he did." Pippin had acquired three more tankards of beer, and he placed them carefully on the table carefully, almost managing not to spill. "But he'll learn.. His father died in the unpleasantness , you see. We'll put him right." They would put him right, indeed: Merry, Pippin, Sam. This was the Shire, ruled by hobbits in their own way. It had just been a minor disturbance, over in a moment, but if it had been far worse… However bad it was, it was not Aragorn's place to solve it. He would intervene if asked. His Rangers had protected the Shire for years, but those were from enemies that no hobbit could fight. But this was not his place. The hobbits solved their problems in their own way, and sometimes their ways were very different from the ways of Gondor, but they were their ways. Aragorn was not the centre of things. He was the unimportant stranger, far from home. He smiled. And then, as they bumped their glasses together, and drank to the world to come, he laughed. And when the bonfires were lit, he stood with Merry and Pippin at his side, and joined in with songs that he soon came to know, and listened to stories that had echoes of older tales. "It does feel like home, in a way," Merry said. "Minas Tirith, I mean. Because we have friends there, and that matters. It matters enormously." Aragorn knelt down, and put his arms around their shoulders, one at each side. "It does," he agreed. "But only the Shire is truly home to me," said Merry, "and this is right ." And will never truly be home to me, Aragorn thought, no matter how much I come to love it. And that, too, was right, because more than anybody else, a king needed to remember what it was to be a stranger, a distrusted traveller moving through the dark. "It is right," Merry said, "isn't it, Strider?" "Yes," Aragorn agreed, smiling at them both, at the world, at the night. "Yes, it is right." The end Note: I am sure that Tolkien never envisaged a scenario like this. It seems clear to me that Tolkien meant the ban on Men entering the Shire to be seen as an unambiguously good thing. However, it has always bothered me, and I wanted to explore my concerns in a story. Think of it not as an AU, as such - for nothing in here directly contradicts anything Tolkien tells us in the Tale of Years - but as a "what if?" that almost certainly never happened. The title comes from a poem by Robert Burns: I've seen sae mony changefu' years, On earth I am a stranger grown; I wander in the ways of men, Alike unknowing, and unknown.