up on a pile of pillows. His skin was burning, and his eyes were bright. He was deathly still in his fever, not tossing like some men did. Neither did he babble; Faramir knew that much from the time he had spent with him earlier. When the light was good, he looked as if he was merely lying back, thinking. But when the light faded outside, he looked… Dying, Faramir thought, unable to stop himself. "He… he must have succumbed to the sickness yesterday morning, if not before," the healer said, when he had examined the king for a while. "It normally takes time to progress to such a high fever." Yesterday morning. Yesterday morning, when his king had expressed his intention to go out into the city to minister to the sick. Yesterday morning, when Faramir had done nothing to stop him. "He was out with the sick all day yesterday," Faramir said. "He came home late. So he was out all day, suffering-" "It can creep up on a person unawares," the healer said. "He might not have known. He is a gifted healer, but it is easy for us healers to confuse the weariness of the sick room with the first symptoms of our own sickness." "But what can we do ?" Faramir asked. "Wait." The healer raked his fingers through his thin grey hair. "It seldom kills the strong, although it is a rough ride that they have to endure. We can ease their symptoms, but there is little we can do to cure them. But for those who are deeply lost in fever…" His words trailed away. "What?" Faramir demanded, although he thought he knew the answer already. "Sometimes he can call them back." Faramir knew was it was like to wander lost in the darkness, and to hear the voice of his king calling him back to life. I wish… he thought. He did not possess the gift of healing, at least not in an uncommon way. Healers came and went. At times, Faramir had to leave his king, and venture out into the audience chamber, to make rulings in the king's name for those few who still came to seek his justice. Keep it quiet, Aragorn had begged him, and so Faramir did. He knew the importance of hope. The people of Minas Tirith were suffering, and if they knew that their king was lost in fever, they would despair. He had nobody to confide in. Not for the first time, he wondered if he should send a messenger to Emyn Arnen, asking the queen to return. But then Éowyn would doubtless come to, and oh, how he wanted her to! But Éowyn was pregnant, and in this affliction, pregnant women, like the young and the old, were most at risk of dying. Was he being selfish, then, not to send for the queen? But the healer insisted that there was little threat to the king's life, and surely Arwen would sense if her husband was in true danger, and come for him herself. I… don't know what to do, he thought. The healers had gone, one of them to fetch fresh herbs, and one for water. Faramir sat alone at his lord's beside. Aragorn lay completely still, despite the fever that consumed him. In two days, he had barely spoken, but those words that he had said were lucid and sensible: stray questions about food and the light and the situation in the city. Even in sickness, it seemed, his iron will prevailed. "I don't know what to do," Faramir said out loud. He took his king's hand in his own. It felt ferociously warm. He remembered his own fever, when he had been lost and despairing after the dark arrow had struck him down. The memory still came to him in dreams, at times. It was a dark memory, but it was a good memory, too, because after the dread, there had come healing. Alone and lost, he had wandered through a dark, blasted land, but then a voice had called to him. Called to him… I wish… he thought, as he remembered hearing that call. He sank deeper into the memory. The call had come through the shadows, and he had turned towards it. He had not known his king at first, but had responded to the command in his voice, and to the gentleness that lay behind it. He had turned towards it, and reached out his hand, and… and… I took his hand. In memory, he took his king's hand. And he led me out. Holding his king's hand, they walked side by side out of the darkness. And then I opened my eyes… He opened his eyes, and his king was looking at him, his eyes bright and lucid. And then he smiled. The epidemic was fast fading. Although the people of Minas Tirith would never know it, their king was one of its final victims. The damp snow stopped falling, and weak sunlight penetrated the thinning clouds, warming the chill of winter. "You called me back," Aragorn said. He was still weak, but only those who knew him well would see any sign of it. The lords were beginning to return for their audiences. They saw nothing amiss. Faramir shook his head. "I have no skill…" "At healing?" Aragorn finished for him. "You called me back." "I was only thinking…" "It was enough," said his king. "Many years ago, a link was established between us when I healed you. It still remains, although for the most part, it sleeps. By remembering it, you awakened it, and now it sleeps again, until it is needed. I was…" He looked down for a moment, almost shy, then looked up, fearless. "I was lost for a while, but I heard you calling. It was like a light that guides a weary traveller home from dark places." "But…" Faramir protested. "It was enough," said his king. And it was enough.