the king's hall of Meduseld, but an eating knife could kill, when thrust into the right place. The bard escaped all justice by choosing to take his own life. Blood seeped across the painted tiles. Morwen had to look away. "So we will probably never know who sent him," Morwen said, "or who he planned to kill." "Some whisper the name of Saruman." The stranger's voice was almost hesitant. "Saruman troubles our borders," Morwen said, "but this is far worse than that. This would count as war. It is the nature of neighbours to squabbles over boundaries, but Saruman… He is trusted in Gondor. He opposes the true enemy in the Land of Shadow." The stranger nodded. Morwen felt that he was considering saying something, but he clearly decided against it. Instead, after a pause, he said, "She is recovering rapidly now. She still has no memory of her attacker, but she remembers seeing a man drop something. She picked it up and tried to hand it back to him. It hurt her fingers. And then…" "And we can guess what happened then," Morwen said. "Yes," said the stranger, and that, perhaps, was the end of it. It was dark before she dared to say it. "Thengel?" He rolled towards her, his hand finding hers, granting her both permission and the courage to continue. "You said I felt sympathy for her," she said. "What did you mean by that?" "Ah." Thengel's hand was still. "I meant that I know that there are still times when you consider yourself to be the same as her: a woman, far from her kin and far from home." "That was part of it, yes," Morwen had to confess. "I didn't realise it at first. But I don't always feel like that," she said. "Not often. Only when I'm feeling tired, or sad." Or old, she added silently, facing a future in which my husband will doubtless die before I do, and my daughters will marry and leave me for halls of their own. "Thengel," she assured him, "your people are my people. This is my home." He squeezed her hand, then raised their clasped hands to his lips and kissed her entwined fingers. "I spent more than half my adult life in Gondor," Thengel said. "If I had not been called back as king, I would be there still. You have no need to apologise, my dear, and there is no need for reproach. Gondor is as much home to me as the Riddermark." "My home is where you are," Morwen said, "wherever that is." He kissed her then, and in the darkness, he did not seem old at all. "I returned from Gondor because duty called me," he murmured, "but it only became home because you came, too." "So there was a mystery," Théodwyn said. "A mystery, and nobody told me. And now it's all solved, and it's too late for me to solve it." "All solved indeed." Morwen ruffled her daughter's hair. Théodwyn had been told very little of it, of course. The blood had been thoroughly scrubbed from the tiles before she had been allowed back into the hall. "And the bad man was caught and sent away where he can't bother anyone ever again." Théodwyn picked up her toy horse, and clattered it across the table. "Clip-clop," she said. "Clip-clop. I want a mystery to solve, mother. Can I have a mystery?" Below them, beneath the terrace, the stranger passed by on his horse, at the rear of a group of men. He was the only one not wearing a helmet, and he nodded at Morwen as he passed. It was respectful, but it was not quite a bow. Now, he is the true mystery, Morwen thought. "I like him," Théodwyn said. "I was out with Hilde yesterday. We were picking flowers. He stopped to talk to her: boring, grown-up things. Riders don't normally talk to her, you know, because she's only an old nurse, but he did. I gave him a flower, because he was nice. I like his brooch. It's shiny. And there was a bird in the sky, really high, and I couldn't see what sort it was, but he told me. Hilde said he must have eyes like an eagle. What's his name?" "I don't know," Morwen said. "Perhaps you should give him a name." A few years ago, Theodywn had gone through a phase of giving everyone in the household silly nicknames, many of them unflattering references to their physical quirks. Morwen waited while Théodwyn thought about it, and wondered what name her youngest daughter would come up with this time. "Thorongil," Théodwyn said at last. "Thorongil?" Morwen said, startled. "Why?" "Because he's got the eyes of an eagle, and he wears a shiny star," Théodwyn said. " Obviously ." "But why say it in the high tongue of Gondor?" Morwen asked. "Why not say it in the tongue of the Mark?" "Because he doesn't come from here," Théodwyn said. "Because he's tall and dark, like you. Because nothing else would feel right for him." She galloped her toy horse back again. "I'm hungry, mother. Can I have some cake?" Thorongil, Morwen thought. "Soon," she said, absently. The outer gate opened, and Thorongil, their stranger, rode out with the others, out onto the plains, once again thick with the flowers of spring. I wonder if his mystery will ever be solved, she thought. I hope so. End Note : The parts relating to the legal system in Rohan are entirely made up, but were inspired by a dimly-remembered book I read on the Anglo-Saxon justice system, and the move from treating murder as a crime against a person or family, to a crime against the state. Part of me would very much like to write the continuing adventures of the intrepid crime-fighting duo that is "Thorongil" and the Queen of Rohan. Sadly, I fear this could only happen in a strange sort of AU. Shame.