stressed the part played by the hobbits and many others, he was at the heart of it all. How I would have loved him when I was four years old! Faramir thought, remembering the ferocious love he had felt for Elendil and all the other heroes from the past. How I would have admired him at thirteen, when he had trembled nervously on the threshold of being a man, and had needed somebody to look up to. How I love and admire him still! They were friends now, of course, and had been for many years. It was difficult at first to accept that such a great man could value his opinion, but he had come to accept it after a while. They disagreed at times. They spent time together - less than they would like - like any two friends, chatting about anything and nothing. But he would never entirely forget what it felt like to be called from the darkness by the voice of his king. It was right that his king had been be immortalised in a thousand songs. It was right that boys and girls in a thousand years would refight his battles with toy soldiers and tell each other stories about his deeds. It was right that young women would weave together garlands of flowers and sigh about the love between Elessar and the queen, and would tell that story for ever more. It was right, and he was glad that he had lived through it. And all the while, the entourage trundled on. He heard the cheering long before he reached the gates. When he passed beneath the walls, the applause was almost deafening. Girls threw garlands. "There he is!" he heard a boy shout excitedly from his perch on a roof. Three more boys were squeezed side by side in an attic window. One was clutching a jointed wooden doll, wearing a painted white tree of Gondor. An old woman wept. Two young women clutched at each other, and each held out a hand towards him, as if they longed for him. He endured it for as long as he could, until the songs began, and the stories. "Do they think I am the king?" he murmured, speaking quietly to the guard at his side. "Were they expecting the king?" The guard looked surprised by the question. "They know who you are, my lord, and that's why they honour you." The songs were new ones, songs he had never heard. Faramir , he heard, and again and again. Faramir. The Lord Steward. Faramir, son of Denethor. Faramir. Faramir. He played his part; of course he did. He had served Gondor for too many decades not to know how to keep disquiet from showing on his face. 'Do you not hear it?' Éowyn had said to him so many times. 'Do you not know ?' But he had not. He had not. A boy of four or five gazed up at him, his eyes as wide as saucers. A gangly youth blushed and dropped his book. A man in his thirties, unhappy and unwell, followed him with his eyes, as if he alone could bring him hope. It is not for me, Faramir protested. It should not be! But the songs went on. Hallas of Osgiliath was four and three-quarters, which was bigger than four and a half. (The boy next door was four and a half. He was a baby .) It was a very special year indeed. Special because he was going to be five soon, and would go to school like the big boys. Special because it was five hundred years since King Elessar had become king, and that meant long speeches, which were boring, and parties, which were fun and had cakes with pink icing. Special because his auntie came visiting from a shiny city in the north, and brought him a real live printed book with woodcuts on every single page! It was all about King Elessar, in nice, easy words, nothing hard. King Elessar was exciting. Hallas' brother bagged Elessar for himself, and ran around with his sword, Andúril (it was a stick, really) and shouted FOLLOW ME, OH YE SPIRITS OF THE DEAD! in a big boomy voice and jumped on Hallas (Hallas was being a Corsair) and poked him with his stick and said that he had an army of skellingtons behind him, and dead bodies, all green and rotten and stinky, and Hallas was going to die . King Elessar was a bit scary. His mother kissed him better and cuddled him on her lap while he turned through the next few pages. "Who's that?" he asked, pointing at a man who was standing with a lady in a garden. "I like him best." "That's Faramir, the Lord Steward," his mother told him. She told him more, lots more. It wasn't enough. He asked more questions, and she told him even more, and sang him some songs. A man called Beregond shed blood in the Hallows, his mother said, which was a very bad thing indeed. ("Worse than whispering in the Standing Silence?" Hallas asked, because that was the worst thing he knew, and she said yes, even worse than that.) But he had done so because he loved Faramir, because everyone who knew him loved him. That's the sort of man he was. And he was a great soldier, too, who fought bad men in Ithilien, which wasn't pretty back then, like it was now, but a wild and scary place. ("But not too scary," she assured him. "There weren't any skellingtons?" he asked, and she said that no, Faramir never had anything to do with skeletons, or walking dead bodies, all stinky and green.) The song lingered afterwards, after she left. The stories lingered more, and by the next morning, he was telling them back to himself, and making up more. When Hallas of Osgiliath was four and three-quarters, he fell in love.