wept, according to their nature. Then the Eagle came, and sang its song of victory and hope unlooked for, and the bells rang in broken towers, but Daerion just nodded once, for there was work to be done. The banner of Elendil flew once more from the Tower of Ecthelion, and the time had come for the captains of Gondor to pledge their oaths in person to the King. Few remained who had sworn their oaths to Denethor, for many had died. Daerion looked at the new captains waiting outside the throne room, and thought he saw a difference between these men and the old. More of them came from humble backgrounds than had been common in the days of Denethor, and more, too, came from the outer lands, not from the City herself. The oath was sworn upon a naked sword. Daerion remembered how he had swept his grandfather's sword from his scabbard, thrusting it almost in his Captain's face. Not for the first time, he wondered how close he had come to being slain in that moment, killed by someone who thought only to protect their captain from some mad fool who struck him in the night. His turn came, because he was one of the first, although not the greatest. He was strangely free of fear. "My King." He bowed low. "Sire." It was not the scripted opening. He heard people shifting, their clothing rustling, but his King remained unruffled. "I beg your leave to swear my oath on my knife and not my sword." "You have it," his King said calmly, but his eyes were sparkling. Daerion drew the blade from its sheath, and pressed his hand to the blade. He said the proper words, swearing to serve Gondor and his King until death took him or the world ended. Then his King took the knife and said the right reply, but he did not pass it back when he was finished. There were whispers at the back of the throne room. The King ignored them. "You kept it, then." "I kept it, Captain." Daerion dared to say it. The whispers grew louder. "I remembered what you said. I tried to act upon it." "I can see that you have," his Captain said. He sheathed the blade, and then he, too, traced the patterns with his fingertip, just as Daerion had so often done. "But I was not entirely right that night. You opened my eyes to things I should have seen more clearly. I thank you for that, Daerion." "But you left," he said, sounding like a boy again. The King smiled gravely. "It was time. It was well past time." He handed back the knife, pressing it into Daerion's hand. "Take it. Wield it. Remember." The cause, not the captain, he thought. But Eradan had said it was the other way round. It was a dangerous and terrible thing to know that men would follow you to their deaths, just because you asked them to. Daerion had spent the last forty years devoting himself to the cause, but he had never forgotten the power that a captain could wield. Which should have a stronger claim on a man's heart: the cause, or the captain? It depended on the man, he thought, and it depended, too, on the captain. Or maybe, sometimes, there was no tension at all, because the cause and the captain were one. "I will, my King." Daerion bowed, then gave a salute, as a man-at-arms to his captain. "Captain," he said, and almost he thought that his King and his Captain laughed. END Notes : Outsider viewpoint is one of my Favourite Things in fanfic, and hidden identities are just about my Best Thing Ever in fiction, especially when they lead to the Big Revelation Scene, so it was inevitable that my first story in this fandom would be something like this. The challenge now will be to move on to new things, and not just spend my entire time writing outsider viewpoints of the future king, because I could quite happily spend many happy months doing just that. I could find very little firm information about the military organisation of Gondor. Through Beregond, we learn something about the Citadel guard, but when Pippin and Bergil watch the armies arrive, it seems very much a case of feudal levies, with men wearing the liveries of their own lords. However, it seemed to me that if there are at least three companies guarding the Citadel, there must be at least as many guarding the rest of the City. Therefore I've gone with a City guard as well as the Citadel guard. (In my mind, the Citadel guard recruits mostly from the upper classes, while the City guard is open to all classes.) But I've made it quite a flexible system, in which even gate guards might find themselves out on campaign, if their skills suit the needs of the mission, and if the captain of the venture asks for him. The source material is a bit confusing when it comes to the chronology of Aragorn's time in Gondor. In The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen , it strongly implies that after leaving Gondor, Aragorn went on to have considerable adventures in the East and the South, before coming to Lorien in 2980 and meeting Arwen. However, in the appendix dealing with Gondor, we hear that Denethor became Steward four years after "Thorongil" left Gondor. Denethor became Steward in 2984, so that suggests that Aragorn was in Gondor until 2980. This is the dating I've gone with. And while I'm rambling… Tolkien also states that Aragorn was called Thorongil in both Rohan and Gondor. However, he also states that Thorongil was a name bestowed on him by others. Why would people in Rohan give him a Sindarin name? Therefore in my mind the people of Rohan called him by some other name in their own language, and he is only Thorongil in Gondor.