walked beneath the trees of Cerin Amroth, where she had met Aragorn so long ago, and fallen in love with him. She imagined herself turning away. She imagined herself running, far far away, far enough away to keep from meeting him. She would make a different choice. She would save him. Tears fell onto their clasped hands. "I... cannot," she whispered. She brought them to her face, pressing his hand against her cheek. His hand was close. There had always been such strength in it. She sank forward. His eyes were still open, seeing things that she could not see. She climbed onto the bed beside him, and lay down, her arms wrapped around his body, and her face pressed against his neck. She closed her eyes, and once more she was under the trees of Cerin Amroth, and this time she was not alone. He was not clad in white, not this time. He looked younger even than he had been then, dressed in the weather-worn clothes of a Ranger who had endured much hardship without hope. But his eyes... No, his eyes were not young. "Estel!" Beneath the trees of Cerin Amroth, she called his name. "No." He raised his hand in negation, as if pushing her away. "Run." She shook her head, opening her arms to him. "Please..." "Run," he rasped. "Run far away, far enough away to keep from meeting me. Make another choice. Save yourself." It was her own thoughts turned back on her; the very same words. Of course it was, she told herself, because this was a dream, because she was mortal now, and dreams were all she had left to her. She... She stopped. Save yourself, he had said. Those words had not come from her. She could still feel his body against hers, faint and far away. This was real. In some strange way, this was real. "Aragorn," she said, perhaps out loud, or perhaps just beneath the trees of Cerin Amroth. "Please come back to me." She saw him shake his head, although the body beside her was still. "You wished you had not met me. It is better for you this way." "No!" She almost screamed it, there beneath the golden trees. He was down on his knees now, although she had not seen him fall. Leaves rustled overheard. "I heard you," he said. "No!" she protested, before she realised the truth. She had given up her immortality, but of course she still had gifts. She had sensed his injury. Close to death, he had sensed her despairing thoughts. She could save him. She had to save him. "Aragorn," she said, "I was foolish. For a moment, I thought that if the only way I could save you was to give you up, I might do so. But it is not the only way." The leaves were dying beneath him where he knelt. She could see his wound now: a great pit of darkness at his heart, with tendrils reaching into every part of him. "Would you?" he asked. His voice sounded raw. "If it was the only way, would you make another choice?" She shook her head. "It is not the only way." "But if it were...?" Even dying and trapped in a dream, his voice knew how to demand a reply. "If it were," she said, looking up at the golden leaves and the sky above it, "then I would not wish to make another choice. I have been happier with you these last few years than in all the long years before we met. But if you wished it..." "I do wish it," he said. It pierced her like a blade to the heart, but there beneath the trees of Cerin Amroth, she made no sign of it. "You would rather live without me than die..." "I want you to live," he said. "I want... Oh, Arwen, my love, my love, you gave up so much for me, and I... What have I given you? Just grief and a bitter parting. Just the loss of your birthright and the diminishing of your gifts. Here we stand on Cerin Amroth, where it all began. Turn away. Never meet me. Make another choice." "No," she said, and her eyes were wet, both in the real world, and in the world beneath the trees. It was because he loved her that he was saying this, she knew. She had never realised that he could still doubt her love, and blame himself for the partings she had endured. "Please," he begged her, almost lost now beneath the darkness of his wound. "No." She walked towards him, golden leaves rustling beneath her feet. "Aragorn," she said, "I do not regret my choice. I never have, and I never will. I chose you then, and I choose you now. Come back to me. Take my hand. Come back to me." He looked up at her, hope and despair warring in his eyes. Arwen knelt before him. "I have not been diminished by my choice. I feared so for a while, because I was so afraid for you, but I am still Arwen Undómiel. I am the same as I have always been, except that I am so much more, because now I am happy, because now I have you." He said nothing. His head fell forward, and she could not see his face. In the past, he had been the one to do the asking. This time she was the first to take his hand. "Aragorn, son of Arathorn, do you plight me your troth?" Golden leaves fell upon his hair. Shadows stirred behind him. At last he looked up. The darkness that was his wound swirled sharply, and then was gone, fading away like shadows in the morning. Far away, where their real bodies lay, she felt him stirring, taking her hand in his. "Yes, I do," he said, saying it both in Cerin Amroth, and in the world to come.