ale," Faramir said. "You can find some…" "In the cellar." Boromir stood up with exaggerated weariness, pretending to be incredibly put-upon. He swayed a little as he started to walk. Faramir frowned carefully, struggling to bring him into focus. "Raisins!" Faramir declared, as a barrel appeared at the trapdoor. Unseen hands from below gave it a shove, sending it rolling across the floor. Boromir clambered out a moment later. "Raisins!" Faramir told him, holding up a revelatory finger. "There were raisins! Do you have raisins?" "I have no raisins." Boromir began to close to trap door, then reconsidered, leaving it open. "Be careful not to shake the barrel," Faramir remembered to say, a moment before it came to rest with a thump against the far wall. "I like my ale lively," Boromir said. Faramir concentrated on the cauldron while Boromir tapped the barrel. The ale hissed explosively, and when Faramir dared turn around again, the inevitable had already happened. As a child, he would have laughed to see his brother so covered in frothy ale, but he was a grown man now, a Captain of the Rangers, generally seen as a quiet man, too solemn, and often sad. He was a grown man, and… He laughed. Boromir laughed first, though; he always did. Still chuckling, Faramir filled their tankards with ale, and poured the rest into the cauldron. "Now we leave it to stew," he said, "but first we add the cinnamon…" Boromir grabbed the jar of cinnamon and tipped it all in. "…sparingly, at first," Faramir said, "so we can taste it and add more later, if needed." Boromir shrugged, and settled down with his ale. Faramir settled down beside him. They talked of childhood and memories. They spoke of places they had been, and places they would never go. Sometimes they said nothing at all. Faramir sang, once, fragments of a quiet song their mother used to sing. Boromir responded with a rousing soldier's song, and then a ribald one, which he claimed he had never sung before, merely heard the common soldiery sing it from far away. Every now and then, one or other of them would stir the stew. The air turned warm, rich with the smell of smoke and cinnamon, of ale and garlic. "Raisins," Faramir murmured once. "It does need raisins." "And yogurt," Boromir said. "It was served with yogurt and garlic, and a dash of… What was it called?" "Paprika," Faramir supplied, startled by his sudden feat of memory. "Paprika," Boromir said. "Shame you couldn't provide the yogurt. I did my bit. I gave you garlic. Will goat's milk serve, do you think?" "I am not milking a goat," Faramir told him, "and no, it would not." He scrambled to his feet, and made his way to the bubbling cauldron. He spooned up a ladleful of stew, and blew over it until it was cool enough to sample. "Lamb with red wine and cinnamon," he said, "with no lamb and no red wine and too much cinnamon. And no raisins," he said accusingly to Boromir. "Or yogurt," Boromir reminded him. "You should milk that goat." He snatched the ladle from Faramir's hand, and ate what was left. "It tastes nothing at all like it used to taste," he said, wrinkling his nose. "No." Faramir settled down beside his brother, and let out a contented sigh. For ever more, he thought, the smell of cinnamon would take him back not to the last happy days of his childhood, but to this moment, this small perfect moment in a world wrapped in shadow. "No," he said, "it tastes better." The end The recipe Serves four to six, depending on appetites. Recipe written in typical UK style, mixing metric and imperial measurements with gay abandon. I have absolutely no idea how it works out in American style measurements. To be honest, I tend to chuck things in the general direction of the pot without measuring them, and wait and see what comes out. Stew 2 tablespoons of plain flour 2 lbs of lean boneless lamb, cubed 2 tablespoons of olive oil 1 garlic clove, sliced 300 ml of red wine 2 tablespoons of red wine vinegar 1 tin of chopped tomatoes 2 oz of raisins 1 tablespoon of cinnamon a pinch of sugar 1 bay leaf salt and pepper Topping 150 ml of natural Greek yogurt 2 crushed garlic cloves salt and pepper paprika (for garnish) Season the flour with the salt and pepper. Put in polythene bag with the lamb and shake until the lamb is coated. Heat oil in a casserole. Cook onions and garlic for 5 minutes, or until softened. Add lamb. Cook over a high heat, stirring, until browned all over. Stir wine, vinegar and tomatoes unto casserole. Bring to the boil, then reduce heat and add raisins, cinnamon, bay leaf and sugar. Cover and simmer for 2 hours or so. To make topping, mix yogurt, garlic, salt and pepper together. Chill. Serve stew (minus bay leaf) topped with yogurt and dusted with paprika. Notes Like Faramir, I consistently forget that this recipe doesn't include onions. My standard first step in making a stew is to chop onions, so I invariably start this one the same way, and then I get out the recipe and go "Oh." I still add them, though; I like onions. Boromir's Too Much Garlic situation was also inspired by life. The first time I made this, for a variety of reasons (mostly summed up by the word "stupidity") I managed to put about ten times the amount of garlic in the yogurt topping than I should have done. I love garlic, but even I had to agree that this was Too Much. Once, at a long-ago university Tolkien Society party, I attempted to pour myself modest wine-glass-sized portions of wine in a pint glass, which was, by the time I arrived, the only drinking vessel available. The only comment I have to make about this is: "Don't."