just that. He unveiled himself just a little. "No." The mayor crumpled where Aragorn left him. "Not very good at it," Legolas said again, as they walked out through the gate. Behind them, not long afterwards, they heard joyful singing. "Will you go back?" Legolas asked, as they neared Lake Evendim. "To Norton?" Aragorn shook his head. "I admit that it is tempting to ride up in all my panoply and watch their jaws drop open, but the lesson is better given as it is. Let them find their own path." They were mounted again, and already the wall sentries had sighted them. Whether they recognised their king, Legolas did not know. When they were almost at the gate, Aragorn paused, and looked back at the road that unfolded behind them, and the hills beyond. He sighed. Although his clothes were weatherbeaten, with every moment he looked less like a common traveller, and more like a king in borrowed clothes. "And if I do," Aragorn admitted, "the tale will spread through both kingdoms like wildfire. If it becomes known that I sometimes walk through my kingdom in disguise, I will no longer be able to do it. And I want to do it, Legolas. I need to." "I know," Legolas said. He thought of those haughty elves who would never deign to consort with a Man, and were horrified at the thought of a dwarf as a friend. "I think everyone can benefit from a little Misrule at times." Then he laughed, because he had to. "But maybe you will do it better next time." Aragorn spread his hand in a gesture of innocence. "It was not my fault. They made me their king." "No," Legolas said, "that was entirely your own doing, my friend. It is who you are." And you cannot escape it, he thought. It was the last night of Misrule, the great feast that ended the revelry. Aragorn served at the lowest table, while Arwen baked bread in the kitchen. Legolas and Gimli poured ale, the lords of Arnor cooked and cleaned, and even the flatterers of Gondor had been put to work carrying plates. After the Standing Silence, Aragorn begged leave to speak, and would not do so until Pippin's nephew had given his consent. "I do not speak to you tonight by right," Aragorn said, "but because I believe the words are worth saying. Misrule is important. I know there are some among you who dislike the name and believe it should not be associated with kingship. I know there are some among you who think it undignified and an excuse for unbridled revelry." "Nothing wrong with unbridled revelry," Aragorn saw Pippin whisper into his nephew's ear. Pippin was serving wine, the Thain working as a servant, but Aragorn suspected that he was the brains behind his nephew's rule. "But it has a solemn purpose," Aragorn said. "There are still many dangers in the world, and so we need the rule of order. We need armies to protect the weak, and a king to uphold justice. But there was no king in Arnor for a thousand years, and the people survived. Sauron was defeated not just by kings and lords and captains, but by common soldiers in the armies of Gondor, and common farmers and villagers in the north, who kept themselves free. We only live today because two small hobbits, one of them then a servant, braved great dangers and gave their all. That is why we remember." There was utter silence in the room. The lords of Arnor, many of them former Rangers, were nodding in agreement. The flatterers who had chosen to come up from Gondor were staring awkwardly at the ground. "The Reunified Kingdom rests of the labours of all," Aragorn said, "and everybody, great and small, is bound by duty. Misrule reminds the mighty not to become arrogant. Lords, be careful how you treat your servants, because when Misrule comes, they will be your masters. Beware of arrogance and pride. Look to the Shire, and remember who it was who saved you." Standing before the high table, he bowed towards the Lord of Misrule. "I am your servant," he said. "I serve you all." Pippin's nephew opened his mouth, looked at Pippin, and opened his mouth again. Eventually he managed to stammer, "No, you're our King, Sire." Pippin nudged him sharply with his elbow. "Indeed he is, Freddie my boy, but tonight he should be waiting on the bottom tables. Go and wait on the bottom tables!" Aragorn stood up, and bowed his head. "As you command. But I believe you should be pouring drinks for your betters, oh Thain?" "Oh. Yes. Yes, of course." Pippin hurried away. Aragorn turned away, but lingered just long enough to catch Pippin hiss an order to the young hobbit: "The goats. Don't forget the goats." "I knew it!" Aragorn murmured out loud, as he returned to his station. Legolas was already there, and he was laughing. As Aragorn approached, the laughter faded into a smile. "You really are not good at this, are you?" Aragorn shook his head ruefully. "I try. It is all any of us can do." A door burst open, and the goats surged in. Aragorn quirked an eyebrow. "Shall I introduce this custom in Gondor, do you think?" Legolas gave a delicious shudder. "I think you should. It will be good for them." Note : The Lord of Misrule (sometimes called, even more delightfully, the Abbot of Unreason) is a real custom recorded in medieval England and Scotland, possibly deriving from Roman Saturnalia. It worked more or less the way it's described in this story, although it's not clear how widespread it was. Most of the information we have about it comes from outraged commentators, who saw it as an excuse for drunkeness and disrespect. As far as I know, there is no evidence for it in Middle Earth, but it seemed to me to fit quite nicely.