and a blanket. There were no further farewells. Alone, Bedir went out into the night. Spring was late that year, and the nights were bitterly cold, the earth freezing as hard as stone. The blanket was a small comfort. The memory of company was more. Bedir wondered if his words had made any difference. Perhaps not. "And I never saw them again," Bedir would tell them, so many years later. "The morning after, I came upon Murat shivering on the banks of a stream, and I fought him. And then I remembered…" Words in the darkness. Memories of a friend. "Instead of taking his braid, I offered him an alliance. I suggested that we worked together: four eyes instead of two; two blades instead of one. He agreed, and then…" And then Bedir had seen the glint in his old friend's eyes that told of duplicity. Murat would take his blade as he slumbered. He would fell him from behind. He would betray him. He would win. And even if he did not, even if he was planning none of those things, Bedir would never be able to relax just in case the betrayal was still to come. It only took a instant to take a braid. It only took an instant, and a foolish, weak, misplaced moment of trust, to blight your future forever. "I said… I said he would betray me, and he laughed, and said of course he would. He said I was a fool to make the offer, and no true man would try to share the spoils when victory could be his alone. And so I took his braid. It was my first. My only." But he won, even so. He had a braid, so he would not be disgraced, no matter what happened next. He had taken Murat's braid, and after that, what else did he have to fear? He was swift and bold, risking discovery, moving fast. The other boys, or so he had learnt afterwards, had become bogged down in hunting each other, and had lost sight of the goal. "And so the beads were mine," he said, as he told it afterwards, as all around them, the other clans accepted the overlordship of Mordor. "But when my lord went to join his fathers, I was not the one chosen…" …because his clan had listened overmuch to the blandishments of Sauron's emissaries, and were jealous of the spoils being offered to the other clans, and hungry for a share of their killing. The old lord had resisted. The new lord would not. Bedir had been a scarred warrior then, but already becoming famed - imagine that! - for his wisdom. When he had done the unthinkable and refused to obey his new lord, enough of them had come out on his side for him to escape with his life. They had fled to the hills, the few that remained to him, and at length they had fashioned wains again, as their forefathers had done. Theirs had been a wandering existence, caught between two sides in a looming war, kin to one side, but friends to neither. "Did you ever find out what happened to them?" the young boys asked sometimes, but only a few of them. "The wounded man and the old one?" And Bedir would shake his head. "I went back to the den after I won my beads, but they were gone. There was no sign of them at all. No blood. No tracks. No sign. Only…" He would pause just long enough for them to ask, and then he would tell them. "A flower," he said. "A small dried flower, like something a traveller might carry as a keepsake, or something caught up in the fold of a robe by chance. It was white. I had never seen a flower like that before." He would gesture to his unseeing eyes. "Now I never will." He was old now, but the world had changed. His people had lost their dread overlord, and they would be warring again, tearing each other apart, while the might of Gondor grew in the west. Before very long, Gondor's new king would turn his attention their way, and they would fall before him as they had fallen to Sauron, because they were riven from within. Offer alliance, the wounded man had urged him. Bury your enmity and work together. And he had laughed. Long ago, and foolish, he had laughed. Fifty years later, weak from a lifetime of wounds, and blind, perhaps he could sow the seed. He had been a lord in his own way, leader of a scattered, broken people. He was no lord now, but the young lord heeded him and turned to him always for advice. "But I still have that flower," he would say, "and I still remember." Would the world change because he had stumbled upon a wounded man, on a cold afternoon so long ago? Perhaps not. Perhaps. He hoped. END Note: Apologies for the sideways way of responding this prompt. Outsider POV is one of my Favourite Things, and I couldn't resist. I did idly think that I could write a companion piece showing what really happened to Aragorn and Gandalf, but to be honest, I think I prefer it as it is. Tolkien gives us so little to play with when it comes to the Easterlings. The few clues he drops don't particularly support the interpretation I've gone with, but I reasoned that there was enough space there for all sorts of different cultures to exist, even if they aren't seen in the novel. I kept having to stop myself from going off on long tangents about their burial rituals and folklore and the like. Maybe in some future story… Well, actually, almost certainly in some future story, since I'm in the early stages of a long Fourth Age story which will have need of some Easterling characters, and Bedir's people might just fit the bill.