your bowstring. The choice was not irrevocable, and you wished to make it so, for you feared that you would change your mind." Raenor still had his knife. He sent it skittering across the floor, to crash against the far wall. "Are you going to kill me?" He could see the king's great sword now, and he had heard tales of his prowess in battle. "Should I?" The king's gaze skewered him like a butterfly on a board. Raenor swallowed. "I think you should, sire." He added the honorific now, for he had given up all hope of pleading. "A king should be merciful," the king said, "but justice must be served. I do not wish to be forever looking over my shoulder, watching for the arrow at my back." I know I was wrong, Raenor wanted to say, but deep down, he had always known that he was wrong, but he had still agreed to do the deed. His only questions had been about money and his chance of escape. Perhaps, he thought, this was because he had known all along that these were the only questions that could have proper answers. If he had asked the other questions, he would have ended up saying no. "We will go down now," said the king. It was as soft as a request, but was unmistakeably a command. The king made Raenor go first, and followed closely. It was a difficult climb, with great expanses of the staircase missing, as well as one whole floor. As he clung to a sheer expanse of broken wall, Raenor was tempted to let go and hope that the fall killed him. It was not fear that stopped him, he thought, but pride. For four years, stubborn pride had kept him from admitting that he had been in the wrong, and that he had deserved to be dismissed from the Rangers. Now, at the end, he would embrace a better kind of pride. At long last, he would face the consequences of his own weakness. The bottom of the tower was ringed with guards; of course it was. Their eyes were cold, hard stones of hatred. By habit, Raenor's hand rose to the jewel at his throat, but instead of gripping it, he grabbed it and lifted the chain over his head, and cast it away. Nobody watched where it fell. All eyes were on him and the king. They walked a dozen steps, and a dozen more. The crowds were still waiting, oblivious to what was unfolding behind them, near the river's edge. Another dozen steps, and then Raenor saw it: a dark hood, a strand of dark hair, a gleaming dagger, poised to be thrown. Raenor acted without a thought. He threw himself in front of the king, expecting to die, but knowing only that this was right, that this was right . The king shouted something, a snap of command. Raenor hit the ground hard. There was very little pain. He rolled onto his belly. His left hand was on the ground next to his face, and the imprint of the jewel was still visible on his palm. "We knew," he heard the king say quietly. Raenor struggled to his knees. He was not wounded after all, he thought, merely jarred by the impact with the ground. The king's glorious sword was unsheathed, held in both hands. Where Raenor had glimpsed the dark man, Faramir was now standing, with a crumpled body at his feet. He looked over at the king, and he gave a brief nod, almost a bow. He did not look at Raenor. "There could be no mercy for one such as him," the king said. "But you acted without thinking, and your act was to try to save my life. It will not be forgotten." He would not plead. He would not beg. He stayed on his knees. In a different world, the crowds were waiting for their king, in a ruined city that was alive with hope and flowers. Within years, it would flourish at the heart of a new and glorious world. For the first time in weeks, Raenor's thoughts were suffused not with the lure of gold, but with visions of beautiful buildings in a kingdom that was at peace. He wanted to be part of it. He wanted a second chance, but what second chance could there be for one who had fallen as far as he had fallen? The king raised him up. At the top of the tower, Raenor had felt himself skewered by this man's gaze, but now he felt himself laid entirely bare. The king saw everything. The king knew all his secrets, and Raenor wanted to fall to his knees and beg to be allowed to serve him. At length the king released him. "You cannot stay in Gondor," he said. "My mercy cannot stretch that far. A king must be merciful, but he cannot be a fool." Raenor blinked, but kept his expression still, accepting it. "But there are many wild places still to be tamed," the king went on. "There are lands, once rich, that are now desolate and need to be brought to the plough. There are places that groan with injustice, and still need the rule of law. There is a place for people like you." "People like me, sire?" Raenor could not help but say it. "An assassin. A failure. Someone who would have ruined the future of his country because of the hope of gold." The king smiled. "Someone who made a mistake, and let it rule his life for a while, but then grew past it. Someone who knows his own weaknesses, and knows how to overcome them." The tears were back, almost blinding him. "But I don't…" "You do," said the king. "I have hope, Raenor. I have hope in you." And Raenor bowed down low, and bent to head to his king, because in that moment, he had hope, too.