a brown pair of breeches and sprinted away from Thranduil while laughing all the way. Thranduil joined in the laughter and purposely kept Oropher ahead the entire time. Legolas watched the spectacle around him with amazement. Sure, he had seen Thranduil let loose plenty of times and just play around like a small child, but his grandfather was always so serious and would not let loose more than a chuckle and normally he would chide Thranduil for not being as dignified. But not today, today he was just another elf having a good time. He burst out laughing when Thranduil tripped his father, causing him to tumble into the water. It was Thranduil's turn to laugh at the king's expense as Oropher came out spluttering and trying to wipe his hair out of his face, "THRANDUIL!! PREPARE TO FEEL MY WRATH!!" Thranduil quickly backed away from his father while still laughing, "Now, adar, it was only fair that I get back at you for laughing at me." He let out an undignified squeal and ran when Oropher clambered out of the water, even more drenched than Thranduil was before. "Remember, I carried you before, I can do it again!" He increased his speed and managed to catch up to Thranduil, because he was laughing too hard to run any faster. He picked him up and hauled him over his shoulder, "Arg, you are a lot heavier than before." Oropher grunted while Thranduil was protesting at being man-handled in such a way. Legolas had not stopped laughing when the whole incident started, and was now laughing even harder at the way his grandfather was carrying his father, never had he seen anything like it before. He clutched at his stomach even harder and was bent over it, the tears just kept rolling down his cheeks and even his face was beginning to ache. Thranduil felt himself falling head-first into the water. He was finding it very hard to sound serious when he could not stop laughing, "Adar, you do realize that I will now have to exact my revenge." When he was trying to get out, Oropher pushed him back in, but not without tumbling in himself because Thranduil managed to grab a hold of his shirt. Very soon, a splash-fight ensued between the two of them. When things quietened a bit, they each heard childlike-laughter. Legolas was still clutching his stomach, "You...you both acting tho funny." Laughter took over his speech. Thranduil gave Oropher a wink of his own and spoke loud enough for his elfling to hear, "Why, adar, I forgot that there is still a certain little fish that I must teach a lesson to. No one gets away with splashing the most highly-esteemed prince." Oropher snorted in the most un-elflike way and muttered to himself, "Most highly-esteemed prince, if that was true then I am a frog." "I heard that." Oropher merely looked innocently at Thranduil. Thranduil continued to address Legolas, "You have not told me what this fish looks like." Legolas finally managed to get his laughter under control, "He got blue eyeth." "Blue eyes, hmmm." Thranduil pretended to think, "Must be a trout, then. What else?" Legolas thought a bit and came up with another description, "It hath yellow haiw wike yourth and mine – he wath a weally thmall fith." Thranduil pretended to think some more, "Blue eyes and yellow hair; definitely a rare specie of the Salogel trout." Legolas nodded vigorously, "Yeth, ada, it mutht have been the Thal-thomething twout." "What do you think I should do with the trout once I catch it?" "I think that you mutht not do anyfing to it. I think it ith vewy thowwy fow thplathing the motht highly-eth...eth...thomething pwinth." "No, I think I will do this to it." Without warning, he lifted Legolas onto his shoulder just like his father had done with him earlier, except in a much gentler way and carried him to the deeper side of the pool. "No, ada, put me down, put me down!" Legolas screamed between his giggles. Thranduil did as he was told, but still held the elfling under his armpits, "Do you think the fish has learnt its lesson?" Legolas nodded again with all seriousness, "Yeth, I think he hath." Thranduil smiled and threw Legolas into the air and caught him again – earning himself musical giggles of delight from his small son. Oropher went over to them. He gently took the child into his own strong arms and carried him around the pool, telling him stories and singing songs to him. Legolas' eyes soon became heavy as the sun was sinking. They all climbed out the pool and got themselves as dry as possible, which made it difficult for Oropher, whose clothes were soaked. But he knew the ride home would dry them a bit. They had forgotten about the food so they decided on eating before they left. Legolas barely touched his food, he was too exhausted from the day's events but he had quite a bit of the apple-pie. Once everyone had eaten, Oropher tied the basket to his horse and climbed on. Thranduil helped Legolas back onto Barasath, once he made sure he was secure, he gracefully leapt up behind Legolas. They were on their way home once again and Legolas was nodding off to sleep. He had a very eventful day and he loved every minute of it. Oropher looked fondly at the pair; all the love and pride in the world could be seen in his eyes. In that moment, he felt so blessed that his heart was bursting and unshed tears came to his eyes. They were his pride and joy and he would never forget the picture perfect moments he shared with them. Җ The end Translations: Penneth: Little one Daerada: Granddad or granddaddy Ion: Son Ada: Dad or daddy Adar: Father Nana: Mom or mommy Daernana: Grandmom Daro: Stop Hannon lle: Thank you God bless and ride free, citizens.