time passed and the silence persisted, finally the ranger began to sing into the trees. "The forests are quiet, the guards are asleep, we wait at your doorstep and at your kings feet, come welcome your friends and cast down your arms, a friendship was founded while Sauron was put down, the council of Elrond, it was but a start to a peace of the ages where all play their part…" He was cut off by the emergence of a tall slender figure from the tree line in front of us, the stranger picked up the tempo "those seated on thrones or those scraping the dirt are the children of Arda and shall not be hurt, so cast down your weapons and open your arms for friends here that wait and have traveled so far." As the silhouette of this stranger entered the light I saw the distinct elvish features, sharp ears and a slender graceful form. "I am Emlindir, and you know our language well. Thuranduil has left for the caves and does not see visitors, even rangers. All I can offer is for you to join those who still dance among the trees." We walked through some dense wood for a while and eventually came to a clearing; filled with lanterns and music it was an island of life amid the damp, dark forest. How we hadn't heard or seen something from beyond the clearing was beyond me but the trees here parted enough that the faint glimmer of stars was visible through the blanket of boughs above. The ranger turned to me and patted my shoulder, "If any companion of mine survived we shall meet them here. Drink and eat, I will find you before long but first I must discuss what we have seen with whoever leads here." He turned away and followed Emlindir, a pair of Elves came and walked me to a table where wine and food lay and we listened to the songs of the Elf bards, their abilities honed over centuries. I wondered if any of these Elves were the ones in the stories Grandfather used to tell, seeing as they did not age they could truly have witnessed the battle of the five armies or perhaps even the fall of Gondolin. They gave me drink which warmed my aching limbs and eventually my exhaustion began to overcome my excitement. I lay down in a pile of leaves, their enchanting melodies dancing me to the edge of dreams… Colors swirled and the faces of the cruel creatures from the forest leered out of the night. I awoke in the clearing alone, the Elves gone and my companion no where to be seen. The only evidence that what I had seen was real was a finely woven blanket draped across me and a small parcel of food which I immediately consumed. There was bread, rich with the sweetness of honey and berries of many kinds, a small strip of smoked meat much better than that which the old butcher near my home used to make. Home, I had almost forgotten that I didn't belong here, out in the world with Rangers and Elves and magical monsters. The crack of light I often gazed into was gone and I was out in the world like I had always dreamed of being, on a great adventure. But I could remember the warmth of the fire and the low rumble of my grandfathers voice, the games of my friends and the face of a girl who once held my hand a little too long... Abruptly out of the trees came my companion and he sauntered over to me with a smile, "I see you had your fill boy, naught left but crumbs." "It was very good but where did all the Elves go? I thought this was their camp." "Ah boy it was. I talked with the elders of this group and told them of the happenings which brought us here. They have decided to retreat from this threat for the time being and send for aid. These Elves are less adept with magic than some, they are however unequaled in their elusiveness and will play to their strong points until some who know how to combat dark magic arrive." "And what of the other Rangers, did any return?" His gaze faltered and I saw sorrow in his eyes, he looked down as he told me "They did not come and I fear their fates may have been the same as the others I traveled here with." "I'm sorry, if it weren't for me they would've escaped..." He cut me short, "Do not think it is your fault. We suffered near nightly attacks and the men I came here with could not contend this enemy. Luck is all that saved us, and the kindness of the Elves, do not blame yourself for that which you had no power to change." I decided that I wished to follow this ranger and help him if I could, "My name is Eldwyn." He looked up and placed a hand on my shoulder, maybe aware that our fates were now tied. "I am Kantha, and I head to Annúminas in Arnor, a great way from these forests but I shall take you home before I make this journey." "No." "No? What do you mean, would you like to return al..." "No, I wish to come with you. I am not ready to go home, what would I do there? I do not belong." "It is far." He paused, thinking about my request. "But if this is how you feel then I should enjoy some company." Getting up he indicated that I should follow and hurriedly I packed the few things I had into my bag, carefully folding the new Elvish blanket on top. We began into the woods again and I glanced back to the clearing. Hoping that I would see Elves again, their vibrant music echoing in my mind...