be a zombie!" He turned but I grabbed his arm and said, "Fine Then I will be alone because I refuse to leave my sister!" Durhillion yanked his arm away and kissed me, then turning and running. I looked at him and back at my sister. I looked between the two and then slouched down against a tree and put my head in my hands. Chapter 5 Jerking awake, Azaari woke up and looked around. Durhillion was lying next to her, taking in short breaths. They had made it to Lothlorien in record time where they were welcomed. She just could not believe that Legolas had abandoned his own kin for the love of his life. Then again, she had abandoned me just the same to be with Durhillion. She pulled her legs in to her chest and looked around at the mystical and weird moonlights. She and I had promised never to leave each other, and I had in fact admitted that she was lost without Azaari. The more she thought about this, the sadder she became. "Are you alright?" Durhillion asked, noticing that Azaari was crying. She sniffed and said, "I have never been this far away from my sister before. Is there no way into Mirkwood so we may see her?" Durhillion laughed and said, "Oh course there is sweetie! You are royalty of the Shadows, so you alone can turn into an eagle! Fly us there." She laughed as Durhillion wrapped his arm around her. "Her wedding is not until the next moon, it tis tradition in Mirkwood for the princes to wed in the full moonlight," Durhillion said holding Azaari close. She sighed in happiness, but in sorrow that she would put off Treebeard again. Whatever Azaari was feeling when she realized what she had done, I felt a million times worse. That guilt, that betrayal, ate at me like a fire at wood. Legolas watched me suffer through the days and the guilt shared within him. Thranduil took me in as his daughter-in-law and because of this, he tried to make Legolas feel better. Finally, I could take it no longer and I decided that it was not my fault that Azaari had left. This was now her life, not both of ours, not my life either. I went up to Legolas and said, "Can you tell me where I can find a wedding dress? I wish for this to be a happy marriage, not sad and full of gloom. But light and love; all the things my fallen Shadows never had the chance to have." Legolas took me in his arms, hugging me as he ran his fingers through my hair. He turned to his father and led me through the halls to the tailor. The Elves were departing to the Undying Lands, yes, but the Elves of Mirkwood refused to travel until I was married. I smiled at the Elves as we passed, for the respect they showed me was more than I could ask for. Arriving at the tailor, the Elves almost immediately began to measure me and scribble down the measurements of pieces of parchment. "So my lady, dark green?" one asked, drawing on another piece. I nodded and she and the other tailors ushered Legolas out, muttering something about bad luck to see the bride before the wedding. Legolas blew me a kiss and ran out of the room and out of the castle to scout. I was poked, prodded, measured for almost two days until Thranduil came in through the door. He stopped in his tracks at my dress and gasped, "You…look stunning! I am sorry for anything I ever said about your race." I smiled and looked at myself in the mirror. Strapless, sparkling, and beautifully crafted my dress was as my blond hair rolled down my shoulders and down my back. Galadriel herself (if she was still here) would envy me. My crown fit perfectly on my head and my blue eyes had the smallest amount of eye shadow to frame the blueness. "It is time," Thranduil said, holding his arm out and I took it, both of us walking away. "Where is she? I see my brother, the full moon is out and the entire kingdom is here," Durhillion whispered, peering down at the ceremony through the window. My sister was waiting to see what I looked like, holding Durhillion's hand tight. The guards had even left their posts to attend my wedding. Durhillion said, "We say our vows while they saw theirs. Tonight, both my brother and I will marry the most beautiful women." Azaari kissed Durhillion and then the wedding music began. As I walked down the isle with Thranduil, the kingdom held their breaths at my beauty. "You are too beautiful for my desire," Legolas whispered as he took my arm. I smiled and the ceremony began. "I vow to love, respect and honor you," Legolas and Durhillion said after Thranduil finished. "I will protect our love as long as we live," Legolas, Durhillion, Azaari and I said all at once. "You are now one!" Thranduil finished, a tear rolling down his face. Legolas and I looked up to see the moon as it shone down brightly upon us, but instead found Azaari and Durhillion watching us. There was a pang in my heart and Legolas knew that his brother meant well being here, so he swooped me down and pressed his lips to mine. I put my hands behind Legolas's head and everyone began to clap. "We are preparing to leave, Legolas," a messenger said, walking into our room. Azaari jumped in through the window and I changed into a wolf. But upon seeing it was just she, I changed back and took Legolas's hand. Durhillion came in and took Azaari's hand. "I thought that I told you that you were banished," Legolas said, staring into Durhillion's eyes. The two brothers smiled and hugged each other. "What about Treebeard?" Azaari asked.