in Estel's company." "It cannot be helped, Legolas," Gandalf said kindly. Legolas jumped up and began to pace. "Mithrandir, I do not understand why Men must be mortal!" he exclaimed. "It must be so because death brings the greatest good for the greatest number of people." Legolas stopped and stared at the wizard. "The greatest good for the greatest number of people," he repeated, nonplussed. "Havo dad, Legolas," Gandalf said gently. The Elf obeyed, still staring at the wizard. "Now, as a general rule," Gandalf began, "parents take great joy in their children." "Ye-es," agreed Legolas slowly. In his own case, his father, grieving the death of his wife, had at first been unable to take joy in his son. Now, however, Thranduil's love for his Legolas was unmistakable. "In their love for their children, the parents would not deny them any joys—including the joys with which they themselves are familiar." Legolas nodded. "Since the parents derived great joy from being parents, would they not want their own children to be fathers and mothers of a subsequent generation?" "I suppose that would be the case," conceded Legolas. "It is also to be expected that their children would want their own offspring to experience the same joys." Legolas signified his assent. "Now I want you to imagine, Legolas," the wizard went on, "that Men were immortal. The first parents of Men would still live, and their children would still dwell in Arda, and the children of their children, and their children's children's children, and—" "You need say no more, Mithrandir," Legolas said wryly. "Middle-earth by now would be overrun by humans had this been the case. Even so tiny a creature as an ant would scarcely be able to find refuge amidst the feet that would trample the soil to rock." "I see that you understand the conundrum, my lad. Elves have been blessed with immortality, but there are few among them who experience the joy of parenthood. It must be so, for the one precludes the other. Humans on the other hand, are born to die, yet it is that curse which allows them to bring children into the world, children who will in turn experience the happiness vouchsafed their parents—but only because those parents are mortal, as were their parents before them." "Yes, a conundrum," agreed Legolas. "You say that the Elves are blessed and humans cursed. It could just as easily be said that it is the humans who are blessed and the Elves cursed." "I cannot argue with that assertion," said the wizard. "It is sometimes said that the Gift that Ilúvatar bestowed upon Men was that they not be bound to the Circles of the Earth. If that be a Gift, then it was something that Ilúvatar denied the Eldar." Legolas now no longer felt agitated at the prospect of his friend's death. Indeed, he felt quite calm. "I would deny Estel no happiness," he told the wizard. "I would not wish him to forgo the joy of fathering a child. Nor would I wish to deny him the hope that his child shall be equally joyous. If the Estel must die to be happy, then so be it. It seems a paradox, but I shall rail against it no more." Mithrandir smiled and pulled out a pipe. Legolas scowled. "Pipe weed again!" "You would deny Aragorn no joy," the wizard said with a straight face, "but you would deny me this one pleasure?" "Oh, smoke if you must," huffed Legolas, "but don't expect me to keep you company." The Elf threw himself on his bed and was almost immediately asleep. As for Gandalf, he thoughtfully puffed upon his pipe for a time as he contemplated his young friend. 'It will be harder for him than for Aragorn, I think', the wizard mused. 'Aragorn will accept his death cheerfully, knowing what it is he leaves behind. Legolas, however, must accept the death of one he loves and be the one who is left behind. And not the death of Aragorn alone must he endure. Legolas will suffer the loss of many, always remaining as a witness as one by one his friends slip away. Whom will he have at the end, I wonder'. Gandalf sat silently a little longer. A sliver of moonlight came in at the casement and fell upon the face of the Elf, who smiled a little in his sleep. "He looks downright ethereal, what with that silver light shining upon him," muttered the wizard. "How very different the Elves are from other races. Middle-earth is truly a remarkable place, that it should harbor such a variety of folk. Everyone from that Elf there to the stubbiest of Dwarves. Now there's a race that has its feet planted firmly in the earth! One might think that Ilúvatar planned that the one folk were to complement the other: the Elves with their heads in the stars, the Dwarves with their spades in the soil." Gandalf had almost finished his bowl of pipe weed. He sent several vaporous gulls to soar over the head of his young friend. "Ah, my dear lad," he sighed, "I hope you are not alone in the end." The wizard tapped out his bowl. "I must think on it," he said thoughtfully. "Surely Eru would not be pleased that one of his Children should be left bereft." The Istar arose. Placing his pipe in his pouch, he strode to the door. There he paused to look back one last time at the sleeping Elf. "I must think on it," he repeated as he turned to leave the chamber. Behind him the gulls slowly dissolved into a mist that reformed into a new shape: a boat that sailed a few times about the head of the Elf and then floated out the window. To the West the vessel sailed, its sheets shimmering in the moonlight, until, at last long, like Eärendil's boat, it seemed to take its place among the stars.