more to tell you, but you must promise me again that you will not do anything to change the future. Based on just the little I have told you, I know you are anxious to do so and telling you all that I know will only make you more so. Do you promise?" "Yes. It is not pleasing that I cannot do anything to prevent this, but I feel that I need to know all that you have to tell me. I will do as much as possible not to make any alterations that would change the future." "Very well. When this happens, someone will need to take it upon theirself to protect the Shire. I can already tell you that it won't be me, not that I wouldn't, of course-" "Why not you? If you already know what is going to happen, then why not be the one?" "Merry, what have I told you? No it is not to be me, and no I won't tell you why, in one sense, but in another I will. I have already seen the one who will do this. It is not me, nor is it you or anyone alive right now. Merry, it is to be your daughter." "My daughter?" Merry was plainly shocked. With Merry hushed for the moment, Frodo continued, "Yes, your daughter. In time you will marry and you will have a daughter. I know it is hard to believe and I know that now, more than ever you want to take the future into you own hands, but you must not for her sake and yours. She will be one of the dearest things to you in this world, but if you do not heed my warning about not preventing the future, she will be your downfall." "Oh Frodo. How can this happen. Why does this have to happen?" "I don't know Merry. There are a lot of things in our lives that I don't know why they had to happen. This is but another. I do not know what the outcome will be, but this will not happen for some time. Please try and focus on life now for what it is, not what it will be. We have made it through so much. We'll make it through again," he said the last as much for himself as he did for Merry. "Let come what may," he added in a voice no more than a whisper. "Do you need to return to Bag End right away?" "No, but I do need to send word to Sam to let him know I made it safely." "Will you stay for a few days with me then? Perhaps until Pippin gets back? I really don't want to be alone right now." "Of course. I am rather tired, after that ride. Would you send word to Sam for me?" "Yes." "I expect you won't tell him anything of our conversation here?" "No. I won't tell Pippin either. I also don't think it would be wise to tell my parents." "Indeed it would not. You understand the importance of what I have told you and that it is crucial not to do anything about it for now, but they might not." "I'm headed to the post then. Take any room you would like and get some rest." "I will. See you on your return, Merry." Merry sent the letter to Sam and returned home pondering all that Frodo had said. A daughter. He was to have a daughter. This was such joyous news. But look at what the future would possibly bring her, as much danger and pain as he had endured and he could do nothing. Frodo stayed until Pippin returned and enjoyed a visit with him as well. Frodo returned home, but he checked on Merry quite often. Leaving Merry after telling him what he had seen was going to be very hard indeed. He hoped that Merry would keep his promise and be all right without his guidance. And so passed the next four and a half months. As they stood together at the harbor Merry finally found out exactly why Frodo had told him that he would not be the one to protect the Shire again. They were all in great shock to learn that Frodo hadn't come to tell those leaving farewell, but to leave also. Frodo went to Merry first. "Remember Merry," Frodo said so only they could hear, "let come what may." They embraced and said their farewells. Frodo then turned to Pippin. Then to Sam, giving to him the red book. Tears streamed freely from all of their eyes. "But," said Sam, "I thought you were going to enjoy the shire too, for years and years, after all you have done." "So I thought too once," Frodo chose his next words carefully as he needed to reassure himself as well as the others. "But I have been too deeply hurt. I tried to save the Shire, and it has been saved, but not for me. It must often be so when things are in danger: someone has to give them up, lose them, so others may keep them." He embraced and kissed them all once more, then turned and boarded the ship. He turned to them and smiled through his tears. They all smiled back through their tears also. He gave them a nod as if to say, "I'll see you again," and then walked to the bow. The ship set sail. Sam, Merry, and Pippin watched until they could see it no more. At last the three companions turned away, and never looking back they rode slowly homewards. They spoke no word to one another, but each had great comfort in his friends. At last they rode over the downs and took the East Road, and then they separated. Merry and Pippin headed to Buckland and Crickhollow, Sam to Bag End, and all, as Frodo had done, to let come what may.