and fear welled up in her. "But sir how can we find them? We can't make contact with the other inhabitants." "Just sniff them out! Go!" Fiona stood up quickly, forgetting her pain once more. She looked at the unconscious man on her couch. She could not fight again. Her previous victory was mere luck and because she had access to so many blades on the floor. Now she had nothing. She looked at the sword he carried. He had two swords and a knife in his boot. She would have been amused under different circumstances. Dad's pistol! She thought and scurried to try to find it. He had left it for her in case she ever needed to defend herself. Well this was as good as any time to use it. She ran to her room and got it from the side of her bed where she kept it hidden. She returned to the living room where the man was. "God this is never going to work. They will still get us before I can shoot them all," she muttered as she looked fearfully out the window. Then she had an idea. She knew she had to hide their scent and she knew how. First she ran to lock the three doors in the house; one in the living room she was in, one in the back of the kitchen and the main entrance. Then she ran to the living room and picked the man but this time she dragged him by the underarms into her parent's bedroom which was the one farthest away from the front of the house, and laid him on the shower floor. She then realized for the first time that she was bathed in blood from the creatures. This would surely give them away fast. She had no more time. She undressed there in the same bathroom from head to toe. She stood there thinking where to hide the clothes to hide the smell. She looked at the toilet bowl but frowned. She then looked at the toilet's water tank and quickly took off the lid and shoved the clothes in and returned the top. She took her mother's bathrobe and wrapped herself with it. Leaving the gun on the toilet she jumped into the shower with the man and turned on the water. A choked gasp and a round of curses left her throat as the freezing water fell on her body. She had not turned on the water heater and the water was freezing. She had to withhold it and allowed the water to wash every inch of her body. Then she allowed the man get wet as her. She kept the water on for almost half an hour though she was not really aware of the time. She was only shaking from the cold and from the fear of being found out. oooOooo "What is she doing?" asked a golden haired man who was watching from the mirror of Aithne. The father of the man who was also the one in charge there observed Fiona as she dragged his son to the shower and changed her clothes. When she opened the water then it hit him. "She is hiding their scent," he said softly with a half smile on his lips. "Smart girl," commented one of the spectators also with a half smile. All the present watched eagerly to see what would happen next. They prayed for their safety to the Valar. oooOooo Fiona didn't know how long she had been there soaking with the freezing water. She was shaking violently from the cold and her head felt as if it was splitting in half. Fiona took some shaking steps outside the shower dripping water all over. She took the gun and silently she walked out the room to look out from the living room window. She couldn't see or hear anything. She returned to the room and went into the closet again. She pulled out three beach towels and three normal towels. She spread the three beach towels one on top of the other on her parent's bed. Then she returned to the bathroom and picked the man by the arms and dragged him to the bed. With much effort she lifted him and laid him on the towels. She then took one towel with her and went into her room. Trembling she undressed and dried herself. She put on a t-shirt and long pj pants to keep warm. She then returned to the man. Sitting down on the edge of the bed, she placed a hand on his cheek and forehead. His skin was very cold. For a moment she thought, and then she began to unbutton his tunic. She removed his wet clothes but left him with his white underwear that looked like tight boxer pants. She was glad they were not mini boxers. She rubbed the towel over his body and pressed the towel over his hips where he had the boxers to absorb as much water as possible. She then took out one of her dad's white t-shirts and his sleeping pants that were dark blue with black and grey lines that made squares. She chose those since the man was thinner than her dad and the pants could be adjusted. Careful not to touch his head where the wound was, she dressed him and covered him with a blanket. There was nothing else she could do now for him and she had not the strength either. Dragging her feet she walked to the kitchen and took out all the knives she could find. Then she returned to the living room, placed the knives under a pillow on the couch and laid herself on the same couch with one hand under the pillow grasping the handle of the biggest knife and another holding the pistol. She looked at the clock on the wall. It was 1: 37 p.m. She closed her eyes and drifted into sleep.