as we go." Boromir frowned. "You have no bows." With a grin and a flick of the wrist Pip let fly a stone, hastening after it into the long grass. Merry followed suit. They emerged a few minutes later with a triumphant grin and five dead conies. "Supper, anyone?" END 92.) LETTERS I found 'em when I was clearin' out his desk. Rosie said she didn't feel right doin' it so I went through these last things of his today. Some of the letters were from Mr Bilbo and they rambled a bit I must say. There was even a couple from the King himself but they were just about the borders. The ones that made me cry were from Lord Elrond. I knew he'd been sufferin' but I didn't know the half of it, not even after he told me. "I hope you're feeling better where you are now, Mr Frodo." END 93.) DEADLINE For what he was sure was the tenth time that morning Merry checked the mountain peaks. They showed no sign of snow, as they had shown none on the previous nine occasions. The passes were clear and he knew that the last of those sent out seeking the fate of the Black Riders had returned that morning. The fair faces of Elrond's sons were grim as they hurried to their father, with not a word for anyone on the way. Merry decided it was time to dig out his pack once more. The deadline for their departure had clearly arrived. END 94.) I KNOW YOU, BUT WHERE? Seeing Elrond at the feast Frodo was accosted by the feeling that they had met before. Yet he had been unconscious whilst Elrond healed him. Frodo felt it again when Elrond spoke to him in the Hall of Fire and all through the council meeting the following day. Now Elrond sat opposite as Frodo refastened his shirt. "Forgive me, Lord Elrond but I seem to know you as someone of more than short acquaintance." Elrond smiled. "Healing can be accomplished by more than herb and stitch. Our fee's conversed for a while." "Oh." Elves really were quite enigmatic at times. END 95.) A DIFFICULT ROAD Razor edges slice at the now tender soles of heavy, aching feet. The rocks are too newly birthed from molten earth to be smoothed by wind or water. Instead, they lay a treacherous carpet, ever willing to twist an ankle or stub a dragging and unwary toe. This ground is parched; leaching what body moisture he has left with every plodding step. Powder fine ash puffs up around his toes, rising in still air to sear his already dry throat. Too weary to cough, he can only wheeze his protest at this latest discomfort. Will this be his last path? END 96.) FIRST IN MIND Ten years ago had anyone considered who to elect mayor of the Shire Samwise Gamgee would not have been the first to come to mind, or second, or indeed third. Sam accepted the scissors from Sissy Whitefoot. Wouldn't Mister Frodo be surprised to see him now? Or perhaps he wouldn't. Frodo seemed to know a lot more than he was saying before he left. Still not one to waste words, he smiled at the assembly and said simply, "I declare this new Mathom House open!" A cheer went up as he neatly snipped the green ribbon strung across the entrance. END 97.) FELLOW SUFFERER Faramir nodded welcome as Eomer sat. For several minutes they stared in silence at the physic garden, then both spoke at once. "I'm sorry for . . ." "My condolences . . ." There was an embarrassed silence. "Your uncle died an honourable death." "And I am sure your father loved his people very much." "In his way," replied the new Steward. "How fares your sister?" "Aragorn has tended her physical hurts. Whether she will awaken to hope or despair I cannot say." Faramir sighed. "How many more must die for love and honour before the end?" "As many as are needful," King Eomer promised firmly. END 98.) FINALLY "Estel, Estel!" But he was gone and none could salve the anguish of her heart. Only a flicker of starlight in dark forest marked her passage, where echoes raised their canticle to shining Elbereth. Silver trees rained golden leaves, mourning in naked silence she who once danced, carefree, in their groves. Time had come to Lorien and Arwen lay down upon the winter sward enjoining the land to enfold her empty shell until none could find her bones. And so Arwen Undomiel became truly the last evenstar of her people in Middle earth. And in the West a tear fell. END 99.) THE FLAG OF SURRENDER Frodo folded his arms, glowering from beneath his fringe. "Absolutely not." One eyebrow climbed Elrond's forehead as he set a tray upon the bed. "We have tried gentler methods. They have proved ineffective." Blue eyes surveyed the large bulb and tubing, the bowl of liquid, and undignified childhood memories surfaced. Frodo crossed his ankles. Elrond's voice was calm. "Are you not looking forward to the feast tomorrow?" "Well . . . yes." "Even a hobbit body will hold only a certain amount of food before exploding." Frodo sighed resignedly and Elrond nodded. "Aragorn . . . his legs please." END 100.) BEYOND THE CIRCLES OF THE WORLD Salt-rimed crystals scratch his toes. Once these were stones, gnawed by waves and carried on Ulmo's broad chest to Valinor's shore. He scoops a handful; noting its silvered colour is formed of many hues. One tiny grain is the deep brown of Shire loam. As he tries to separate it a mischievous breeze sends all dancing from his grasp. Sparkling grains whisper, "Do not stay alone. Join us. Be." Wavelets wash his feet, tugging gently as they trickle back, inviting him to play. He follows a little way as cool water and warm sun to balance his soul at last. END 39