but we know not from whence you come." "I have ridden from Arnor my lords." "Then you have brought men to our aid?" "No, we have too been plagued by the men who roam your lands." "Innuminas, She has not fallen?" "I fear it may be so, I have not seen her walls breached with my own eyes but her seige began nearly two moons ago." "I'm afraid I do not lament her loss human. Her citizens may drink and sing well, their pleasures are sated for hours and 'hores and her warriors do not train for battle but instead for enforcing taxes on the citizenry. Innuminas was no hold of culture and civilisation as she once was but instead a city founded on the hard-headed tight-fisted nature of its populace. The Empire to which the forces of good once rallied has destroyed itself and left vulnerable, the tribe of the wolf now rides over her ashes." Eldwyn was taken aback by the insult, the Dwarf who now stood there waiting for a reaction. The Dwarf stopped teasing his beard and leveled his eyes at the man aggressively triggering Eldywn to speak. "You are right for the most part Dwarf, yet my city was not all corruption and debauchery. Culture was a long resting seed in Innuminas, its emergence only awaiting a drop of fresh water to the throne room." The Dwarf smiled once again and nodded to his peers before turning back to Eldwyn and bowing. "I am Twerg, and you are welcome at our table. Although don't expect much conversation from the others, they're a grouchy bunch who refuse to speak the common tongue." Eldwyn joined the Dwarves as the table was cleared and ale was brought out, soon plates and trays of food came too some so laden that two Dwarves might need to carry one. And when the table began to lurch with the weight the servants disappeared and the hall felt empty again. The old Dwarf spoke again, but this time in the Dwarven tongue. "Mahal al Khuzdul shalom, hava nagila." Turning with a smile to Eldwyn he said "Eat and then we shall talk." Chapter 13 Afridor rode steadily through the plains, her companions chasing her brisk pace their steeds weary though refreshed at curiously unaffected villages along the way. They were less than a day from Edoras and as of yet had not been challenged by either the riders of the mark nor the invaders. It was as if evil had not touched these people yet but this spurred Afridor fourth, hoping to protect their way of life and the children who had chased the ragged riders out of town. Edoras came into view momentarily as they crested a hill, the Meduseld golden and glorious, glinting in the sunlight. The walls manned and the gates wide Afridor was confronted by Swidhurn, her aunt rushing towards her. "Afridor, the powers bring you back safe. But what of your men?" "They are lost, have you suffered no attacks?" "Lost? How can this be, there must have been fifty by your side!" "We were set upon. Has Edoras seen no fighting?" "No, not since you left. The enemy are out east, they have not again crossed the Isen." "King Wilmaer?" "He tends his ales. He will not see you." "He must." Afridor dismounted and began up the steps to the Meduseld, passing the Royal guards who looked at her uneasily and opening the doors to the great hall she found that most of the men of Edoras were assisting the King in 'tending his ales.' "My leige, I have news which must reach your ears!" The king stepped down from a large boiler which churned with the mash of ale, he among the crowd of drunkards had maintained his sobriety. His interest was in the perfection of brewing and the product he rendered not reveling in its influence. "What news from the north does my niece bring me that is so urgent?" "The horde is in the north Uncle. They have taken Innuminas and besiege the kingdoms of the Dwarves and Elves as we speak." "Innuminas has fallen?" "Yes." "And what of your mother?" "I did not reach her, we will know of her fate in the fullness of time. But now we must be proactive about this enemy." The King Willmaer glanced down at his hand as it moved to the pommel of his sword, the metal was cold and alien to the hands that had brought peace to his people its brass and leather grip attached to a blade that had hidden away since his hair was darker and his bones less tired. He looked back up at the woman before him and saw the strength in her eyes, the determination which drove her forward to whatever end. "You shall be our general in this war." Afridor was taken aback but she saw in the kings eyes what he dare not say. He had no stomach for battle anymore and his body could not wield the sword as it must be. She knelt before the old man and took his hands in hers, "I will do all that is in my power to see that Edoras is kept safe King Willmaer, our gilded halls shall not look again upon the grotesque enemy." Afridor assembled a war council with the aide of the King and although some at first held her in contempt within days she had won their loyalty through her confidence at the helm. Within the week the Rohirrim had summoned some eight thousand troops and as their spears were polished and their blades sharpened Afridors hope returned. But as the troops kept riding in one thing had become clear, neither the heralds who had ridden to summon them nor the people themselves had ridden to Edoras from the far eastern parts of Rohan. 1-J.R.R Tolkien. Unfinished Tales of Numenor and Middle Earth, Of Tuor and his coming to Gondolin, (Dream of Tuor)