life," I say. "A curse that I share." "Sometimes it can seem that way," Frodo says evenly. "I bet you wouldn't believe that Uncle Bilbo is nearing one hundred and eight himself." He is right; I do find his uncle's age hard to fathom for such a vivacious hobbit. "No," I say. "Not a figurative curse, but a real one. Her ancestor, Olea, was out fishing one day when she saw two young hobbits fighting over a small metal object – a ring, she claimed. One killed the other, and a kind of spirit appeared, tying her descendants to the fate of this object. Everything is very hazy now, but I suppose it's my destiny to live a long and solitary life." I watch his face grieve with me as my words sink in. "You must have loved your grandmother very much to sacrifice your entire life to care for her." I nod. "It was my duty. I couldn't deny it." Remembering some fond times, I add, "Besides, she was good fun to live with; I think she and your uncle may have hit it off." Frodo shakes his head and brushes back one of my tears with his finger. "You're wrong about one thing. I don't believe in destiny." He presses his lips against mine and a part of me that was hungering is fed. "I love you, too, Frodo Baggins," I say, now somehow knowing this but not fully comprehending. After I say this, I feel free and it soon becomes obvious that Frodo does, too. His lithe, page-turning fingers are all over my face, neck, and body. My water-working hands are eager to explore all of his. My touch roams lower and my fingertips reach his hipbone. His hands slide down my waist. The finale of fireworks explode and we part for a moment to watch them. We still hold each other close, and I want to stay in his arms forever. Frodo I have been waiting ages to touch her, but hearing her speak love for me aloud is even more nourishing than the sweet flavor of zinnias in spring. She tastes like the flower she was named for. Eventually, Zinnia and I fall asleep in each other's arms on the mossy wood floor. Some time later, a bright light awakens us. I rise groggily to see the tip of Gandalf's staff near my nose. I look up, and see the wizard riding a snow white horse. Nudging Zinnia, I stand up, not ashamed, but awestruck at Gandalf's sudden visitation. Zinnia also stands at attention when she sees who has arrived in our midst. Gandalf is normally twice my height, but he seems taller now. He seems more powerful and radiant than ever in his grey robes; I am almost afraid of him. "Zinnia Riverbottom," he bellows. "Your presence is requested in the Undying Lands." Where? The look on her face tells me that she must be thinking the same thing. "I have been told to take you to your family and end the curse placed on your line long ago," his voice resounds through the trees. "My family? They are alive?" she cries. "Departure of Middle Earth does not always end in death," says the wizard cryptically. Zinnia is silent but as she stares at Gandalf's face, it is as if she is suddenly tetherlessly pulled onto the horse. She kisses my cheek once and walks from me, taking the wizard's extended hand as he swings her onto his horse. Her eyes glaze over with film, but she appears joyful. I know Gandalf, and I know he will not allow harm to come to her, but still I feel the life go out of me. "Frodo, soon you will learn that forces exist beyond your comprehension, but we must answer to them nonetheless," says Gandalf. "No!" I say, "You cannot do this!" I recall Gandalf's visit to Bag End a few days ago and grimace. "Gandalf, you knew you had to do this. Why did you let me spend all this time with her? Why didn't you just take her to begin with?" The old wizard clicks his tongue. "Your meeting may have had greater benefits beyond your own personal feelings. This 'chance encounter' may play a larger role in the scheme of things. Your care of her during her last days told Zinnia that her time removed from the outside world wasn't in vain. She knew she was loved before she parted." I think on this for a moment. "But why must she part at all?" I implore. "I love her." Gandalf tosses his robe over Zinnia, securing her in place. ""She and her family line have suffered more than you know. More than you may ever understand," he says. "I am sorry, Frodo," he says, gripping the reins tightly. "But this is for the best." He begins to ride off. He takes my love with him. The lass I would have married. How can this be for the best? If I thought I had the slightest chance of keeping up, I would run after them for days and days. "May we meet again under better circumstances," Gandalf calls, and they are gone, lost to the wind. Epilogue Frodo It has been months since Zinnia left me, and I still think of her often. I see her visage in the reflection of every pond and pool. I see her smile when I dive under the water. I've hidden her dress in a trunk and sometimes take it out when Uncle Bilbo is not around. Yet as sure the birds sing messages of hope, I know she is safe and reunited with her family. Often I question myself: was I too selfish to notice her weariness? Nonetheless, I live on without her by my side, soaking in the sunny days and reading on the rainy ones, cherishing my family and the Shire life, longing for nothing but to one day love her again. THE END.