something strange and unkind, only for the blink of an eye, then she cast the newly filled bowl onto the floor where it shattered, and the pigment spilled like blood. Kalrê began walking up the hill with swift, stubborn steps, and her long braid, garlanding her head in the fashion of a betrothed woman, unravelled at her insistent tugs, swaying down her back in golden waves before she disappeared from view. Dess touched her own hair. It remained in place; the three elaborate rosettes above her brow were perhaps a little mussed, but she would do her best to keep them orderly to show Kalrê that she had no intention of betrothal to another, not ever. Another moment of deliberation, and she dashed after Kalrê. It began to rain that instant, in thick, plodding drops that soon caused rivulets of dirt to run downhill and made the path slick and slippery underfoot. "Wait!" Dess cried and wiped a frazzle of wet hair from her face after she had slipped the second time. "Wait!" This was not what she had intended; she could not even really say when their conversation had taken this ugly turn. Perhaps it was the Rider's presence in the forest that slowly drove them all to madness. It was high time they went hunting. End Notes: This story employs a lot of invention in all possible directions (though with echoes of both the Laws and Customs and primary-world archaeology), but more than that, a lot of Gratuitous Elvish (TM). I used Primitive Elvish terms (and a smattering of Common Eldarin, which may be anachronistic, but easier to work with in terms of derivation) where it seemed necessary in the fic; the Ardalambion article was an invaluable help in depicting Cuiviénen culture somewhat like I imagined it and to evoke some distance to the Eldar of the later Silmarillion. Elî: Star(s) – a hypothetical form that refers to Varda. Kêmî: Earth – a hypothetical form that refers to Yavanna, borrowed from the Book of Lost Tales (where it is taken to mean Earth-Lady ) and adapted. How the early Quendi knew about these two prior to contact with Oromë will be explained in the course of the story. Târî: A title; Queen. Minjâi, Tatjâi, Lindâi: Old clan names respectively for the Quenya forms Minyar (first clan, the Vanyar), Tatyar (second clan, the Noldor being a part of these) and Lindar (third and most numerous clan, the Eldarin part of whom yielded the Teleri). Wegî: the plural form of early wegê, manhood, vigour Peñû: the dual form of peñe , lip – context should make clear which ones are being referred to. Sjatsî: the plural form of sjatsê , cleft Skelnâ: adj.,naked, unclothed Khôn: Heart (the physical organ) Wendî: plural of wendê , maiden Ele! : Legendary first outcry of the Eldar upon seeing the stars after their Awakening, apparently meaning something like "See! Look!" Óroto-Karanî: Red Mountains, the Orocarni mountain range east of Cuiviénen. Ñguruki: At that point not referring to Orcs or Uruks (though the latter word is derived from this one as far as I know); rather generally meaning any greater, malicious creature that posed a danger to the early Quendi, often in league with or corrupted by Morgoth. This particular form is a correlation with the stem NGUR, horror. Andambundâi: plural of andambundâ, elephant, literally translating to long-nose, so I considered it safe to use for a mammoth, or the Middle-earth equivalent of it, as well. Mailikô: Greedy One, a name for Morgoth. A note on breasts and nipples: I tried to use (or, uhm, repurpose) attested words in the Primitve Elvish dirty talk (file under: things that I never thought I'd write), but given the scarcity of that word-list it wasn't always possible to use the appropriate words. Tiuksû : The dual form of tiuksê , which in turn is comprised of TIW "fat, thick", plus an adjectival suffix -kâ , plus a nominal suffix -sê , "something that is made by the action denoted by the stem" (Ardalambion). I chose to use this to mirror the origin of English breast , PIE *bhreus - "to swell/sprout" – there also is the stem TUY, swell, sprout, bud, and other similar words (eventually yielding Quenya tuilë "spring"), but both seem to be related, at least semantically – e.g. a bud is a swollen thing. I was initially looking for a way to reconstruct tyetsë , Qenya "breast, teat" for "nipple", but didn't manage that with the roots available – linked as it is to smallness, little babies and suckling in Parma Eldalamberon's Qenya Lexicon, the only available root in the same direction is TIK "small", yielding * tik(k)â, 'little' and * tiksê as a noun going by the same formation process as above . There exists a Quenya word tixë " dot, tiny mark, point" from this root, so I am sure the process is not wrong, or not entirely so (since an actival suffix seems a bit strange here, but there are several other and more appropriate uses to -sê), but it is not the right word (unless the possibility of PE Q initial k t change as in kyulumâ tyulma also works in other positions, and something could be built from that). Any attested Quenya stems for babies listed are related to vinya , "new" rather than their smallness, or come from a root LAP yielding lapsë , "babe". It seems, however, that Tolkien did go for homophony with the supposed real-world etymology of tit/teat, which likewise seems to harken back to the meaning "to suck" from an unexplained origin, as well as small things (such as the birds of the same name) from a Northern Germanic direction. So rather than reconstruting a primitive form (which would probably have ended with me throwing my books across the room), I assumed a root TYET (then yielding tyetsê in Primitive Elvish and tyetsë in Q(u)enya) that is denoting something to do with suckling babies somehow.