aren't allowed to do it to those who you really want to?" Elladan added. Two identical smiles beamed over at Estel and Legolas, who were both very much surprised by this. Ashiaro sighed, standing up and walking over to where the twins were standing. "All of you know Elrond is going to be very disappointed when he sees that Erestor are still arguing with one another, right?" he asked, putting his arms around the twins. Elladan and Elrohir nodded their support. "The least we can do is make things better for him by not arguing ourselves." Legolas stared at Ashiaro like he was crazy. "You are in over your head, my friend," he said. "But let us hope that it is for the better this time, right?" He and Ashiaro shared a brief smile, assuring that the earlier incidence would be kept a secret from the twins. "I do wonder what this means for Glorfindel and Erestor," Elladan said. "I hope they're thinking about what we told them earlier today." Two confused gazes met the twins' smiles. Estel perched himself on the window sill, folding his arms across his chest. Legolas and Ashiaro sat down on Ashiaro's bed, all awaiting an explanation. "What do you mean, Elladan?" asked Legolas, pushing a strand of blonde hair out of his face. "What we mean, Legolas," Elrohir answered for his brother, "is that earlier today, I talked to Glorfindel and El talked to Erestor. Hopefully we managed to convince thm to get along with each other and make up, so everything will be fine." Ashiaro sighed. "Elrohir," he began, "what exactly did you say to Glorfindel? When I walked by the library, I heard two voice. One was clearly his, but the other one, I could not tell who that one belongs to. It sounded nothing like any other voice I have ever heard before in my entire life!" Legolas shrugged his shouders. Ashiaro was older than any of them, being born near the end of the Second Age. "What language?" Estel asked, still staring out the window. "If it was in the Black Tongue of Mordor, then we'd be sure the voice was some evilness!" To this, the twins rolled their eyes. Their fifteen-year-old human brother seemed to come up with some of the most ridiculous ideas they'd ever heard. Legolas reached his hand to his mouth and started biting his nails. "Are you biting your nails again, Legolas?" Elladan asked before Ashiaro had the chance to answer Estel's question, glancing over at Legolas. The last time he'd come to Rivendell, the Prince of Mirkwood had been punished for his bad habit of biting his nails. And that was nearly two and a half years ago. Estel had been just thirteen. In fact, it had been around Estel's thirteenth birthday, a memorable event for everyone. "The voice was speaking in Quenya, but an accent so foreign that I could hardly understand it, but Glorfindel was speaking in Sindarin," Ashiaro replied. Nearly everyone in Rivendell knew both Sindarin and Common, but few were fluent in Quenya. Elrond had insisted upon the twins learning it, as well as both Estel and Ashiaro, but the old language was difficult and tedious to learn. "I wonder who the voice belonged to," Legolas said, his voice barely above a whisper. "Did you see anyone enter or leave the library?" Ashiaro shook his head. "I looked inside, but I only saw Glorfindel sitting by some of the scrolls of history that Master Elrond has written," he replied. His glance shifted, looking at each person sitting in the room. "And, yet, it remains a mystery to be solved." center /center "You okay, Glorfindel?" a voice asked from above him. A hand gently, but firmly, shook Glorfindel's shoulder, while the other hand pushed hair out of Glorfindel's face. The voice seemed to be concerned. "As I walked by, I saw you fall out of your chair. Do you want me to get Lord Elrond?" Glorfindel opened his eyes, blinking slowly. To his surprise, he saw Erestor kneeling above him. "But-" he began, but Erestor silenced him, putting a finger to his lips. Putting his fingers to his mouth, he whistled shrilly three times, then waited a few seconds, and repeated the whistle. He followed this up by one long whistle. Footsteps could be heard outside, and Elrond came running in. "No, Elrond," Erestor said, his voice barely above a whisper. "I was not here when it happened, but when I found him, he had fallen out of his chair." Elrond nodded. "We'll help him to his room," Elrond said after glancing over Glorfindel quickly to see that the blonde Elf was not injured or anything. "After a couple days' rest, he should be just fine." With Erestor's help, Elrond lifted Glorfindel up, putting one arm under Glorfindel's. Erestor did the same on the other side. Together, they helped Glorfindel walk to his room. "I'll leave you two alone to talk for a few minutes," Elrond said before leaving the room. He closed the door behind him, retiring to his study. Erestor pulled a chair up to Glorfindel's bedside and sat down. "I'm sorry," he whispered. "Lord Elrond was right." "No," Glorfindel answered. "I'm sorry. I should not have snapped at you like that. Is it too late to turn from the past and become friends?" His eyelids closed slightly, and the brightness of his grey-blue eyes turned dull and lacklustre. Erestor shook his head, feeling the coolness of Glorfindel's hand in his own. "It is not too late, mellon-nin," he smiled. "It is never too late." i A/N: I wrote this after hearing a Newsboys song which goes: "Will you forgive? Will you forget? Will you live what you know? He left his rights, will you leave yours? You won't understand it, let it go." Rim hennaid to everyone who inspired me in some way or another, especially Vana for the idea of using a song within the storyline. /i