nervously for the balrog-slayer to sternly allude to the scrape the elfling had gotten himself into. When Glorfindel at last spoke, however, his tone was very mild. "I am sure," he said, "that you were singing because you were happy at the thought of the pleasure that the gift of the pendant would bring to Arwen. Your motives were pure, even if your ears were faulty." "Thank you, Lord Glorfindel," Anomen said hesitantly. The Elf lord cleared his throat. "And I thank you for the return of my arrow." "You are very welcome, Lord Glorfindel," replied Anomen, who was more and more surprised. He was not accustomed to receiving compliments, and certainly not from Glorfindel the Twice-born, Balrog-slayer! Glorfindel cleared his throat again. Anomen thought that the Elf's throat must be very dry, and he wondered at it. Perhaps the climate in Dunland had not suited him. "No doubt," Glorfindel continued, "your compatriots will be wondering where you have gotten yourself to these past few days. As you have suffered enough at the hands of the Haradrim, I shan't embarrass you by telling them that you were taken prisoner by Men." "Thank you, Lord Glorfindel," said Anomen, who was bewildered at the Lord's unwonted solicitude. Suddenly, however, a possible motive occurred to Anomen that would account for Glorfindel's kindness. "I suppose," the elfling said slyly, "that I had better not tell anyone that I went into the woods in search of arrows that had gone astray." "Do you know," said Glorfindel, sounding surprised, "I think you are right! Yes, that is so. If you mention what you were up to, it will raise all sorts of questions that had better be left unanswered—to avoid unnecessary embarrassment, of course." Anomen noticed that Glorfindel had not specified embarrassment to whom , and he suppressed a giggle. Glorfindel must have guessed at what he was thinking, however. "Scamp," he said softly, but his voice was amused, and he gently tousled Anomen's hair. Now Anomen did giggle, and Glorfindel pretended to cuff his ear. Anomen giggled again, but then let out an inelegant yawn that would have horrified his tutor Erestor. Glorfindel circled his waist with an arm and pulled him back against his chest. "Sleep now," he ordered, trying to sound gruff. Caught between yawning and grinning, Anomen at last fell asleep safely cradled in the arms of the balrog-slayer. A few days later, the elven company rode toward the bridge to Rivendell. Lindir had been sent ahead to alert the folk to their return, and as the first horse set foot upon the bridge, Arwen was to be seen scampering toward them from the opposite end. With an indulgent smile, Elrond dismounted and scooped her into his arms. "Ada," she shouted joyously, "Ada! You are back early. You have only been gone twelve days. Look!" She held up her fingers and quickly told off the days. When she was finished, she looked about proudly. Then she caught sight of Anomen. She frowned. "You promised to play games with me," she scolded, "but then you ran off." "Do not be angry with Anomen, Arwen," Elrond said. "It is Anomen who gave us occasion to return two days early. He hit upon a scheme that allowed us to impress the Dunlendings with the power and might of Imladris. His cleverness brought the negotiations to a quick conclusion." Arwen's frown was instantly transformed into a smile. She wriggled from her father's arms and held her own up to Anomen. Glorfindel set Anomen upon the ground, and she flung her arms around the elfling, who tried to look dignified even as he strove to peel her fingers from his tunic. "Oh, Nomie," she cooed, "you are the bestest brother." "Best," corrected Anomen, and then he blushed. It was Glorfindel who rescued him. "Anomen," he called, "I believe a little archery practice is in order. I shall stable my horse and meet you on the field directly. Make haste!" "I must go, Arwen," Anomen said gratefully, giving her a little squeeze. "But his time I won't go far, I promise you." Anomen kept his word. After spending a pleasant hour upon the practice field with Glorfindel, who this day proved to be as indulgent with Anomen as Elrond had been with Arwen, Anomen hurried back to the Hall and, now indulgent himself, helped Arwen dress her doll and patiently sat through the elven equivalent of 'tea', pretending to sip from a tiny goblet whilst nibbling upon an imaginary biscuit. Then, when Arwen's nurse called her away to bathe, Anomen hurried to the smith. He showed the artisan the gold and the wooden pendant. "Can you gild this pendant?" he asked. The smith assured him that he could and that, moreover, there would be enough gold left over for the forging of a chain. A fortnight later, Anomen presented Arwen with pendant and chain. She exclaimed over it, and it became one of her two favorite necklaces. One, the Evenstar, was dear to her both because it was gifted her by her father and because it became the link that joined her to Aragorn when he departed with the Fellowship on their quest to destroy the Ring that was as evil as the Evenstar was good. The other was dear to her because it was given her by her 'Nomie' in the innocent days before he was revealed to be Legolas, prince of Mirkwood. It was this pendant that she wore after the Fellowship departed for the South, and it is said that Arwen Undómiel clasped this necklace about her neck when she lay down upon Cerin Amroth to depart her life after the death of Aragorn. But this day it was only a simple necklace, a bit of carved wood gilded with gold collected with glee by one small elfling who knew nothing of destiny but much of love. But perhaps, as Galadriel might have said, for Anomen, to know the one was to choose the other.