at least a few for tonight!" Legolas squealed as he saw his brother and ran faster, slamming into Celeberyn's legs and grabbing on tightly. He looked up, grinning around the food in his mouth. Celeberyn reached down and plucked the cake from the elfling's jaws, glaring at him. "Legolas…! What are you doing? Aren't you supposed to be at your lessons?" "Sshh!" Legolas whispered loudly. "I snuck out." At that moment, his afternoon lesson's teacher, Malduin, came hurrying out, quickly locating the elfling and saying, "My lord please, we need to continue the lessons!" Celeberyn stared at his brother and shook his head, sighing. "Honeg, you can't do this!" "My lord!" The chef had caught up and bowed to the princes, cheeks flushed. "Nenuial, I apologize for my brother. He won't steal any more cakes in the future, right?" he emphasized, glaring at the elfling. "Okay…" Legolas giggled. "I might not do it again." "You'd better not," Celeberyn warned, scooping his brother up. "Now, back to your lessons!" "Awww! Can you stay with me? Please?" "If you want me to, I guess I can." "Yes yes! Yayyy! Hannon le, Cel!" Legolas squealed, wrapping his arms around the prince's neck. "But you must promise your hanar to pay attention, alright?" "I'll try." Suddenly Legolas drew back, wrinkling his nose. "Cel, you stink." Celeberyn laughed. "That's sweat, my dear little leaf. I just returned from a hunting party." "But Ada says to not leave the palace. You disobeyed him!" "Actually, Ada ordered us to leave. I'll explain it to you, after your lessons." "Yesterday Ada told me a story, so tonight is your turn!" Legolas clapped excitedly, pulling Celeberyn towards his bed. After a crazy afternoon lesson and lively dinner, Legolas finally grew tired at his bedtime, much to Celeberyn's relief. The elfling snuggled into his blankets and his brother put out the lights before sitting next to him. "Alright, little leaf. What do you want to hear?" Legolas thought for a moment, then asked, "Cel'beryn, did Ada have an Ada?" Taken aback by the question, Celeberyn looked at him in curiosity before replying, "Of course. Everyone has an Ada." "Oooh! Then tell me about him! Did you know him?" "I did." "REALLY? Cool! Where is he? Can I meet him too?" Celeberyn smiled sadly. "I'm afraid not, honeg. For he's in the Halls of Mandos now." Legolas frowned. "Ada mentioned about that thing too. What's the Halls of Mandos?" "That is for another day, when you get a little older." "Oh. Then tell me about Ada's Ada!" Legolas said excitedly. Celeberyn snuggled down next to Legolas and stared into the darkness. "Well…his name was Oropher. He was a great king. He had this amazing laugh and his eyes twinkled like stars. He was an amazing warrior – no one who faced him ever stood a chance. Ada always acted like an elfling around him. We had such good times together. He taught me my swordplay and showed me the wonders of Arda." "He sounds amazing!" Legolas whispered. "But how can someone so powerful go away? What happened?" "I can't tell you right now. I don't want you to be sad." A long period of silence followed, and Celeberyn thought his brother was asleep. He smiled and slowly sat up. "Cel." The prince sighed. "Legolas, why aren't you asleep yet?" "Ada's Ada is never coming back?" "Well…no. But don't worry about that, little leaf." Celeberyn tried to smile, although the loss of Oropher had hit him almost as hard as it did Thranduil. He and his father had sat together in tears that day he returned from the Last Alliance, barely holding onto his own life. The prince brushed his brother's cheek lightly. "Just go to sleep." "Ada must be really sad!" Legolas threw his blankets aside, jumping out of bed. "Legolas…! What are you doing?" Celeberyn watched, puzzled, as the elfling ran out of his room. Legolas' tiny feet made no sound as he flew down the halls, startling all the servants. His blond hair streamed behind him like a river of gold. The little elfling reached his destination and burst inside, finding his father still bent over the documents on his desk. The kind looked up in surprise. "Ion nin! Why aren't you asleep?" For the second time that day, Legolas leapt into his father's arms with tears in his eyes. Thranduil's heart clenched. "What is it, green leaf?" Legolas looked up, his blue eyes shining like pools of crystal water. "Cel told me about your Ada, Or'pher." "Oh?" Thranduil really needed to talk to Celeberyn. He did not want to break down in front of his son again. All these emotions….in one day! "What did he say?" "He said your Ada was strong and a good king. But he also said he's never coming back again…." He wrapped his arms around Thranduil. "Don't be sad, Ada. I'm sure you'll see Or'pher again someday. Me an' Cel will be here for you." Thranduil was speechless. It was as if he were the elfling instead of his son. Oh, Iluvatar, what did I do to deserve such a beautiful child? Celeberyn stood in the doorway, smiling as he watched Legolas. You are so interesting, honeg. You're going to grow up into an amazing prince, far better then me or Ada ever was… He returned to the elfling's empty room to prepare to put him back in bed again, all the while imagining the adventures they would have together. All of Celeberyn's sweet thoughts disappeared the next morning when he woke up realizing that his brother had once again "braided" his hair. "Legolas…!" THE END Honeg - little brother Hanar - brother Soooo I hope you liked it? Let me know what you think! I didn't really know where I was going with this when I was writing...but I hoped it turned out okay! Thank you so so much for reading! More Legolas, Thranduil, and Celeberyn stories to come! (suggestions always welcome!)