going, and I told them that I had just finished. I asked them how they were, and Celeborn gave a detailed account of life in Lothlórien. We exchanged small talk about such things as the weather, recent events and many other things. "'Elrond,' said Celeborn softly after a long silence. He and I had been friends since the beginning of the Second Age, or perhaps even longer. He had always been the quieter type. 'Galadriel and I would like you to meet our daughter, Celebrían.' At that moment, I saw a fair Elf, almost as fair as Lady Galadriel. She was dressed in a light blue gown, which was the same color as her eyes. As I looked into her eyes, I knew that this Elf maiden was the one that I wanted to marry." He paused and smiled at Celebrían, but did not continue his story for about a minute or two. "Well, Celeborn and Galadriel gave their consent, so I married your mother about a month later, and we went back to Rivendell," said Elrond, smiling. "Is that the end to your story?" asked Elrohir. He yawned. "What about us? Aren't you going to…" He never finished his question because he fell asleep before he could finish asking it. "I think it's time for bed, Elladan. Your brother already fell asleep," said Celebrían to their oldest son. "But Ammë!" Elladan protested. "I'm not sleepy!" It was no use. Celebrían kissed him on the forehead and pulled the covers up to the Elfling's chin. "Yes you are, and tomorrow is a busy day," she said. "You need your sleep." Elladan yawned and nodded sleepily. He closed his eyes and had fallen asleep before he had even realized it. As soon as the twins were asleep, Elrond and Celebrían tiptoed softly out of the room, closing the door behind them. They retired to their room for a while to talk. center /center It was early the next morning, and the twins found that, much to their relief, Erestor had cleaned the Great Hall. The whole room, especially the floor, sparkled in the early morning sunlight. Legolas was standing next to Elrohir, holding a huge bucket of mud. Glorfindel was hiding, and keeping watch in case Erestor would come. Glorfindel gave the signal, and the three Elflings worked quickly to spread the mud all over the floor. In less than three minutes, they were done. The Great Hall was a mess! Mud was everywhere, and Elladan had even moved the furniture around. They retreated silently to a special hiding place, the closet that Elrond stored all the musical instruments in when they were not being used. "Do you think that Erestor will be mad at us?" asked Legolas. Inside the closet, they were surrounded by complete darkness, and all three of them began to feel a little bit scared, though none of them would admit it to the others. Footsteps approached, and they huddled close to each other, becoming more and more scared with each passing moment. They heard a hand turn the doorknob and open the door. Elrohir screamed, and Elladan covered his brother's mouth with his hand. Legolas and the twins found themselves face-to-face with an older Elf. The older Elf spoke first. "Pardon me, but what were you doing in there?" he asked. "I thought that the closet was for musical instruments, not young Elflings." He pulled out a flute and started to play. "It is, but we were using it for something else," said Legolas. Despite the twins, he knew how to remain calm, and did as he knew best. The twins were both amused and annoyed with their friend. "Alright," said the Elf. "But don't let Master Erestor catch you hiding there. Ever! He's really mad about the mess, so I wouldn't try to make it worse, if I were you." He left after warning them. "Come on!" said Elladan to the others. "We should probably hide again before Erestor finds us." He lead Legolas and Elrohir to his and his brother's room. Once they got there, they closed and locked the door behind them. "That was close," whispered Elrohir to Legolas. At this moment, all three Elflings heard a scream coming from the Great Hall. Only seconds later, there was a knock at the door. "It is Elrond," said the voice sternly. "Can I come in?" Elladan opened the door to let their father inside. He did b not /b look pleased. In fact, he looked rather upset, but as soon as he saw the twins and Legolas getting along, his face softened. "I thought that I would never see the day," he said softly to himself. His eyes filled with tears and his vision got blurry. He felt a hand on his shoulder. "Everything all right?" asked Glorfindel. He had come into the room right after Elrond. Elrond nodded. "I hope you don't mind that the twins found themselves a new friend." "No," said Elrond. "I do not mind at all." He and Glorfindel left the twins and Legolas to their privacy, as the older Elves retired to the council room to talk for a long while. center /center Epilogue: Legolas had just arrived in Rivendell from a long journey, and the twins, pleased to see their friend, greeted him warmly. So much had changed since he had last visited, and the twins had much to tell him. "Legolas!" cried Elladan. "Ada just fired Erestor!" Though he was unsurprised at the news, he asked why Elrond had fired his chief counselor and asked the twins to tell him exactly what had happened. "Ada said that he was too clean for us, and since Estel came along, then keeping this place clean has been nearly impossible. Erestor got really mad at Ada, and he fired him," added Elrohir. "Here, let's introduce you to Estel." He waved at the young human boy, who came over right away. /p ADD MORE! MAKE A PART TWO, A SEQUEL!