platter in the center of the table. "Perhaps," suggested Gandalf, "they would prefer 'duck'." The elflings shook their heads, not daring to look up. A pity, that, for they would have seen the twinkle in the wizard's eye. "Quail, then?" said Gandalf. 'Quail' as an action, that suited the elflings, but it was not anything they wanted to eat. Elrond's eyebrows were at full-staff, for he suspected the elflings must have been up to some sort of mischief. Gandalf, however, offered no explanation, and the elflings certainly weren't going to volunteer one. Elrond posed a few questions. "Elladan, why do you smell so strongly of pitch?" "There is pitch in the Armory, Ada." "Yes, I know, but usually that is where it remains, along with its attendant odor." "I suppose I must have gotten some on me, Ada." "I see. Anomen?" "Ye-es, Lord Elrond?" "Why do you keep rubbing the palm of your hand? What ails you?" "Um, it is a bit sore." "Why is that?" "Because it hurts." "What an enlightening answer," said Elrond dryly. "And you, Elrohir, why do you keep wriggling about? Is your bottom sore?" "Yes, Ada." "I suppose you are going to tell me that it is sore because it hurts." "Yes, Ada." At last Elrond gave up trying to pry any explanations out of the elflings, and he ordered that they be served porridge, which they ate, although with very little enthusiasm. When the elflings were finished, they begged leave to be allowed to go to bed, a hitherto unheard of request, and a surprised Elrond granted them permission. When they had departed the chamber, he turned to Gandalf. "What do you suppose they have been up to, my friend?" "I believe they have been playing 'Duck duck goose'," the wizard replied with a perfectly straight face. Several hours later, as Gandalf stood in the garden enjoying a pipe before turning in, he noticed that a bush rustled slightly even though there was no wind. "You may come out, Anomen," he called softly. "I have set aside my wand." Anomen crawled out from the bush, and Gandalf beckoned for him to draw near. "Now let me guess," began the wizard. "You climbed out the window and down the trellis. Am I right?" "Yes, Master Mithrandir." "Tut! tut! You have never been in the habit of calling me Master Mithrandir, and you needn't start now. Mithrandir will do." "You're not angry—Mithrandir?" "I was angry, but that's all over now. My dear boy, I can't afford to tie up my energy in being angry at my friends. There are more than enough Orcs out there to exercise my wrath on a daily basis, and to spare. You don't think I'd fritter away precious fury on an elfling, or even three, do you?" Anomen looked immensely relieved. "Mithrandir, thank you for not telling Lord Elrond." "Yes, well, I didn't want you and Elladan punished for Elrohir's transgression. Elrond has to be even-handed, but I don't. Mind you, I'm not excusing you for your part. You didn't try very hard to stop Elrohir, did you?" "We told him it was a very bad idea." "Yes, but you didn't tell him that you would march out of the Armory and fetch Glorfindel or Elrond or myself." "No-oo. But, Mithrandir, that's simply not done!" "Yes, I know," said the wizard. His voice, thought Anomen, was as kind as it ever had been. The elfling drew even nearer and, after a moment's hesitation, leaned his head on the wizard's shoulder. Gandalf put aside his pipe and put a comforting arm around the elfling. "Yes," the wizard said again, "I know. And that is why, although you should have gone for help, I am not particularly angry that you didn't . It would have been expecting much for you to have done that. But don't think that I won't expect you to behave more bravely in the future!" "Bravely?" "Yes, bravely. Some think that bravery consists of marching into battle against fearsome foes. That may be true, but there are other ways of being brave. Risking the ridicule and anger of your peers is a form of bravery. Think on it, my lad. Now off to bed with you. Elrond always checks on you younglings before he turns in for the night, and he will not be pleased if he finds you missing from your bed yet again. He may even set you to fletching arrows!" Here Gandalf winked, and Anomen grinned in return. Gandalf drew away his arm, and Anomen slipped back into the bushes. A few minutes later, Gandalf could just make out a little figure ascending the trellis and disappearing through the window. Gandalf shook his head in amusement. "What will they do next?" he murmured. "Ah, well, perhaps I had better not think on it!" He picked up his staff and examined it critically. "Elrond is right: a bigger staff is better. For one thing, the larger the staff, the less likely it will be stolen by a curious elfling. Pity I can't tell him to add that to his list of desirable qualities in a staff without giving the game away." Groaning a little, the tired wizard used the staff to lever himself up from his bench. "Better add that one, too," he muttered as, leaning on his stick, he headed toward the Hall, making for the door, of course—his trellis years were long past (or so he believed!). "No, you would not part an old man from his walking-stick," the wizard murmured as he entered the Hall. Thus it was that, to the great relief of all, Gandalf continued to rely upon his trusty staff. Of course, it should be acknowledged that Gandalf was correct in his predictions about the future of the wand. There did come a time, centuries later, when the wand was the wizard's weapon of choice, and dueling wizards relied utterly upon those slender sticks. But, Reader, that truly is another story.