just beyond those trees." Thranduil looked satisfied and heaved the nearest orc onto his shoulder, "Come, my fellow elves, we have orcs to burn," the smile on his face was a little unsettling but each took up a disgusting corpse and followed their prince. They walked until they were a safe distance from the trees. Thranduil had not realized how late it was till he saw that ithil was past midway and heading towards the other side of the horizon. He dropped his burden without a care, "Drop them here so that they form a pile." Just as he was about to set them alight, Thranduil remembered something. He pulled the orcs from the pile. "Thranduil, what are you doing," Veryan asked, clearly he was perplexed as were the rest of them. Thranduil grinned up at them before chopping off the head of the largest orc and placed the orcs back into a pile, "You shall learn soon enough," the others looked even more confused when he went towards the trees and picked up a sizeable stick. He found a seat on a nearby rock and started carving the stick to make it look like a makeshift spear. No one said a word and all that was heard was the crickets and the whittling coming from Thranduil. Not long afterwards, Thranduil set the pile of orcs on fire and dug his spear into the ground and placed the head on the dull side of the spear, "Look, t'is a head on a stick," he grinned at his party of elves, revealing all his pearly-white teeth that gleamed under the moonlight. He nearly gagged when the stench came with full force. He saw that the others were in the same predicament as he was, "Let us get out of here before we all pass out," He held his tunic to his nose and led the others into the forest and away from the aweful stench. Җ Oropher was sitting in his counsel-room, holding council with his officials, but he may as well have not attended, for all his attention was on his youngest. If he so much as made a sound, Oropher would become distracted by him and wave one of his expensive toys near his face. Finally, Dûrion had enough, "My king, if you wish to postpone this meeting, it can easily be arranged." Oropher was still distracted by Aranhir, "Hmm," then he looked up, still bent over the baby, who was playing on the floor, "Oh...no, that will not be necessary. You can proceed." Arandur, the royal treasurer spoke up, "As I was saying, my lord, I feel that we should raise the taxes – bring in more money." "Bring in more money," the king muttered to himself, "Yes, I could do with a little extra. How high do you think we should make it?" "Your majesty, that is entirely up to you." "10." Oropher said with finality. Theliel leaned towards her husband and placed a hand on the arm of his chair, "Is that not a bit much," she whispered. "Not at all, we need to raise the finances." "What for? There are elves that would never be able to afford that much." "Then they are no longer welcome to live here." "That is unfair and you know it. What would you need all that extra money for? You have more than enough to live comfortably and to provide for the citizens of this realm." Everyone present was watching the interaction between the king and queen, they had hoped that something like this did not happen; they wanted the meeting to be over as soon as possible. "Where is the harm in bringing more gold?" Oropher inquired while looking straight ahead. "There is harm in it. Harm for those who would never be able to afford the extra amount. As it is, they are scraping by, albeit barely." Oropher sensed another argument coming on so he dismissed everyone and told them that he would sign the declaration as soon as he was done having a word with his wife. They left in silence. "Oropher, think about what you are doing," spoke Theliel once they were alone, "You are not being fair." The baby started crying, asking for the attention that was not being given to him. Oropher swiftly picked him up and rocked him. Theliel continued, "What if it was you in their shoes? How would you feel?" Oropher cooed at the baby and responded, "Then it is a good thing that I am not, is it not?" Theliel's beautiful face twisted into anger, "Have you become so heartless that you care not a wit for anyone else other than yourself and your son?!" " Do not speak to me thusly!! " "But it is the truth and you know it! I do not know what has gotten into you, but you are certainly not the elf that I married!" "The elf that you married was weak and too emotional. He would never have thought to build up a realm as I have! He was a no body, but no longer, for you see, I am powerful, I rule with an iron fist and am respected for it!!" "Respected, but not loved by them! I love you, Oropher and so does Thranduil, but if you are going to be like this from now on then you can forget about having my support!" With that, she spun on the balls of her feet and left. Oropher watched, but he was not in the least bit fazed. Җ The troop sighed as each one slumped to the ground. Thranduil was the only one that remained standing. He focused his senses in case there were more orcs. Dawn may have been approaching but that did not mean that their enemies were not prowling around. All of a sudden they heard a rustling coming from one of the nearby bushes and the elves froze. Җ TBC God bless and ride free, citizens.