the elves, he found himself wondering if they couldn't continue on, retracing the steps of that legendary journey right back to the burglar's dwelling. He didn't know how to feel here, caught between old legends and an ancient grudge, each equally a part of his bedtime stories. In the meantime, a youth of even fewer years than the dwarf followed his own father and brother into their rooms. Thranduil did not unpack; he let his attendants do this task for him in deference to his role as king, though he did look after his weapons himself. His sons did the same, his youngest partaking in the unpacking more actively because his father believed in discipline and learning by experience even more than he believed in pride and station. It had certainly worked well with the elder, who was now given responsibilities of a less menial nature and allowed to receive similar ministrations as the king. Though all three had separate rooms, they were all connected by large, open doorways that had only light curtains to create a sense of privacy between them. The curtains were open now, making it feel almost like one very long room rather than three. "I thought you said all dwarves wore beards down to their toes," Legolas said as he unfolded a night tunic before laying it away, "But those men only had beards to their knees, and one of them didn't have a beard at all." Thranduil raised an eyebrow at that; he himself hadn't spotted the novelty of a beardless dwarf, though to be fair he had been avoiding looking in their direction at all. "They only appeared short, because of how they were braided and tied up," the child's brother said, though his eyes were not on Legolas but on the pretty maiden busy laying away his father's tunics, "And perhaps the beardless one was a woman. It is difficult to say with dwarves." Legolas frowned. "But Curanion says that dwarves don't have women. Aule made them to grow from the earth and their beards are really lichen that they braid like hair." At that his brother laughed out loud though Thranduil frowned. "I have talked to you about listening to that man," he muttered, "Dwarves do not grow from stone anymore than men are really dwarves with a growth defect and spiders did not learn speech by eating an elfling's tongue." That last story had been the source of many nightmares and sleepless nights. Legolas nodded his head solemnly. "Now," Thranduil said, "Let us bathe away the dust of our journey and get ready for this feast Elrond spoke of. And do not speak of the dwarves while we are there, Legolas, ignore their presence. It is rude to speak of your host's other guests in such a manner, no matter who those guests are." Legolas nodded his head sagely, though in truth he understood little of what his father was talking about. At any rate, the child was well versed in how to act at important social events, tedious though such behavior could be. And the excitement of getting to leave home and see the famous Imladris was well worth having to watch his manners. Even more exciting he had actually seen real live dwarves, a creature he had only heard of in stories before as they seldom crossed into Mirkwood, the last event happening well before he was born. Perhaps Elrond would also happen to host some men or Halflings or even a wizard; that would be truly brilliant. This was one feast he could not wait to attend. '''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''' This was one feast Elrond wished that he could avoid. The same could not be said for the young man eagerly running about his study. He was supposed to be relating what he had learned that day, but the youth sounded much more interested in hearing about their visitors. "I don't think I've ever seen a dwarf before," Estel proclaimed, wandering over to a painting and then back to his seat again, "and the only elf from Mirkwood that ever came was that gruff warrior who didn't seem to want to talk to anyone." "Mirkwood prefers to keep to itself," Elrond responded, "And you were sick the last time we had a party of dwarves visit." "Oh yes," Estel answered, making a face. He vaguely remembered that disappointment, though most of his sick time was a blur of lying in bed, drinking medicine, and feeling icky. Not dwelling long on that past instance, he turned towards Elrond once again to ask, "Were there any youths with the elves or dwarves?" Elven children were a rare occurrence, and there were none in Imladris close to Estel's age. "As a matter of fact, Gloin's son appears to be close to your age," Elrond answered, smiling slightly at the way Estel's face lit up, "And Prince Legolas has come as well, though he is younger than you. Still, do not slight him for his age if he wishes to join you." Estel scoffed at the stern directive tacked onto the end; as if he, who himself was too often left out from his youth, would do such a thing to another. Besides, he rarely had the chance to show off for someone younger than himself. Unless the prince turned out to be a boring cry baby, he would have no trouble with him. And there was a dwarf his own age! Two exciting things to happen at the same time. "Go," Elrond said, giving up on hearing about Estel's lesson that afternoon, "And don't forget to wear your fine clothes for the feast." Such was Estel's excitement that he didn't even complain about his formal ware. Though not overly uncomfortable, the robes always made the youth afraid he'd spill something, and the twins were always teasing him about dressing like a lord, never mind that they had to wear the same outfits. Still, on this one occasion, it would be worth it.