while we learn our way around. It was all a part of the agreement." The agreement. That was how they were even here in the first place. The Captain of the Guard had made a special request that Valion come to help with training in weaponry, specifically archery. He was going to be a teacher for an elite group of the King's guards. Aeila shifted from one aching foot to another as she watched the rest of their company disappear until they were the only ones hanging around outside the stables. She was trying no to be impatient but she was in pain and it was only getting worse. Thirty minutes passed and still nothing. Aeila's legs had started quivering like jelly and she was definitely feeling light-headed though she couldn't blame it on the close air now. She was definitely feeling annoyed. "There you are." A very tall, slender elf stood in front of them, he was dressed in a simple forest-green tunic and black breeches. Very sleek, shiny hair was braided back from his face and fell down his back. It was bright, beautiful hair like spun sunlight. And the elf had a very nice face, so nice in fact that Aeila realized she staring and quickly looked away. "Greetings," her brother bowed his head. "I am Valion of Rivendell." "I know who you are," the stranger replied in a surprisingly curt voice. He seemed almost annoyed though Aeila couldn't understand why. After all, he had not been the one waiting around for forty minutes, had he? "I apologize," the stranger continued formally, although he didn't sound like it. "The King was busy and neglected to send your guide. I hope you have not been waiting long." "No," Valion lied politely. Aelia wanted to roll her eyes. He could pretend to be nice all he liked but she knew on the inside he was even more annoyed than she was. He was not a patient elf, and considered himself pretty important, especially now that he was to train the King's soldiers. "Good." The stranger turned and gestured with one arm. "If you will follow me?" He led them in silence. Aeila felt lost immediately. Every staircase looked the same, every lantern glowed from an identical carve in the wall. She blinked several times and hurried to keep up with their long-legged guide. "Actually we waited for a very long time," Tauriel finally burst out. "We waited and waited until Aeila didn't think anyone would come." "Tauriel." Valion whispered under his breath. Their guide slowed his pace. "Truly?" he asked. "I am sorry about that." He glanced down and gave the elfing a very small smile. "The King has been very busy today. As a matter of fact, I don't think he even knows you're here yet. I saw one of the guards who'd arrived with you, so I knew you must be waiting. Finally I decided to come myself." Aeila wasn't sure to feel embarrassed about her unkind thoughts or feel more upset than ever that the King obviously did not care tuppence about her or her renowned warrior of a brother. She settled for studying the strange elf's broad, well-shaped shoulders as he walked. His hair swished perfectly behind him, the straight blond strands catching the light like gold. Who was he? She glanced down and pretended not to notice the muscles of his thighs that could plainly be seen through the thin material of his leggings. He was built very nicely, all elves were. Maybe it was just his beautiful hair that made him seem attractive. At last he led them into a series of rooms that linked together and were nicely lit and decorated. There were rugs covering the stone floors and beautiful windows carved through the walls so that one could see out into the rest of the underground city. It almost seemed too beautiful, too perfect to be called a home. The blond elf stood beside the door. "This is it. I hope it will be to your liking." Aeila plopped her bag down onto the ground, she felt certain she had a welt on her shoulder where the strap had been hanging for the past hour. She felt very grubby and tired and wished the stranger would go so that she could fall onto the bed. "Your proper guide will join you tomorrow and he will be able to assist and provide anything you need. If that is all, I shall take my leave of you." He bowed stiffly and then turned to go. "Thank You," Aeila said, although she was so tired that her tongue felt thick in her mouth. He paused on the threshold, turning so they could see his profile, "...you are welcome." "I'm Tauriel," Tauriel quickly announced. She liked this new elf very much, he was handsome and wearing two very beautiful kives in addition to an empty quiver on his back. He looked like a good fighter. "Are you a great warrior?" she asked, half because she wanted to know and half because she wanted an excuse to make him stay a little longer. He gave her a real smile then, one that lit up his eyes. It was brief though. "Tauriel. I hope I am a good soldier, but I would not call myself a great warrior." He raised his eyebrows. "This very morning my own Father announced I need to improve my swordsmanship." Tauriel smiled at him. "Do you?" "Yes." He shrugged. "I prefer the bow. I cannot help it." Since when did Tauriel know how to talk with strange, handsome elves better than Aeila did? "There is an assembly in the courtroom. I must leave you or I will be late." The elf bowed, though a little less stiffly than before. He turned to go. "Wait, good soldier!" Tauriel called, halting him. "What is your name?" He glanced over his shoulder, settling his blue eyes on her. "Little Tauriel," he smiled. "I am Legolas."