Aunt Petunia's rooms always looked as though they had been hit by a whirlwind she was well qualified to offer this advice. Frodo found it a source of much regret that her words were proven correct, most particularly when applied to magical rings.) LUNATIC A person of unsound mind. I have never met one myself. (Reading this book Frodo was quite sure that he could not claim the same.) LUNCHEON The meal served between elevenses and afternoon tea. If one is clever about it elevenses can run right on into luncheon, thus ensuring that one need not clear the table in between. (As Petunia's second breakfast often ran on into elevenses Frodo assumed, by reading this, that her entire morning must be taken up with eating. He could find nothing intrinsically wrong with this.) MANNERS One should always acquaint oneself with the rules which govern the behaviour of well bred people in their intercourse with one another. When one is conversant with them it is so much easier to be in a position to completely ignore them. ( Frodo suspected that the first part of that statement had been copied from a book on etiquette. The second part was all Petunia. Bilbo could display a similar blatant disregard for good manners when the occasion suited.) MASTER Every hobbit should be the master of his or her own smial. Do not accept any nonsense from it. (Frodo wondered if that accounted for Bilbo's habit of mumbling as he wondered about Bag End. Perhaps he had been laying down the law to his home. During his tenure, Frodo had always found Bag End to be very well behaved.) MICE The only good reason I can think of for keeping a cat. See my notes on animals, however. ( As far as Frodo knew Bag End had only one mouse and he or she seemed disinclined to start a family so he was happy to let the creature be. It lived comfortably behind the wainscotting in the hall.) NAP Naps are wasted upon bairns and faunts. One should practice the art of napping with ones eyes open as soon as one reaches the tweenage years. That way one can sleep through the most boring of family events and no-one is any the wiser. It should be noted that this advice does not function as well if one has a tendency to snore. (Frodo never did master this, although there were many family occasions when he wished he had.) NEIGHBOUR A constant source of amusement. (Frodo sometimes wondered just how amusing some of his neighbours considered him.) PARTY One can always find a reason for a party if one searches diligently enough. (This was an opinion espoused by most hobbits.) PIPE-WEED Nasty, smelly stuff. If one must take up the habit of smoking pipe-weed be sure to open a window, but do watch out for the flies. (With her insistence upon closed windows, Frodo considered it fortunate for visitors that Petunia never took to smoking.) POTATO A prince among vegetables which bears serving at every meal. (An opinion with which Sam concurred. Frodo was also aware that, as a prince, the potato should most correctly be addressed as Your Highness.) RAGS There is no such thing as a rag. Old garments may be turned into all manner of useful items. (Throughout his life Frodo had been the frequent recipient of Aunt Petunia's 'useful items' . As a consequence, he always had a ready supply of mathoms.) ROADS If one must travel they are the best means of doing so. They are supposed to be maintained by The King but he has not been seen within living memory. ( Frodo considered it fortunate that, should 'The King' return to maintain his road, thanks to Aunt Petunia, he now knew the correct form of address for His Majesty.) SERVANTS Servants are people too and one must establish a relationship which is amenable to both parties. ( And he did.) SMIAL The proper form of dwelling for hobbits, be they high or low born. The pretentious habit of big folk for blotting the landscape by placing their homes on, rather than in it, is deplorable. (There were places even within the Shire where it was more practical to build upon the land. When this was pointed out to Aunt Petunia she simply shooed people from her presence with a long handled broom. Petunia would no doubt have considered Rivendell or Minas Tirith to be very pretentious.) SPRING CLEANING Cleaning is a waste of ones' time. (Frodo was sure Aunt Petunia had never wielded a duster in all her time at Brandy Hall, and seemed to use a broom for everything BUT sweeping the floor.) STAINS Stains can turn the most boring of clothes into interesting works of art. (Despite Aunt Esme's best efforts, Petunia always wore some of the most 'interesting' clothes Frodo had ever encountered.) TABLE One should only ever use tables for the setting out of food and drink. They should never be sat, recited, sung or danced upon. (Frodo considered it fortunate that Petunia was not one for frequenting taverns for she would have been thoroughly scandalised by the goings on there.) WILL A document setting out the disposition of ones assets after one has died. Never be without one. It saves a great deal of undignified pushing and shoving. See also my note on Codicils. (Fortunately, Frodo did not need to test that assertion whilst residing in the Shire and he could never imagine elves doing anything so undignified as 'shoving'.) Aunt Petunia's little book travelled with Frodo to Crickhollow and later was to be seen on the bookshelf when he returned to Bag End after his adventures. When it came time to depart for the West he tucked it in his breast pocket, a little reminder of his old home to take to the new one. It is not known what the elves made of Aunt Petunia's little book of wisdom. END.