understand that. Do you promise to wear the shoes without making a fuss?" Legolas nodded, looking down. "Yes, ada. I will wear them." Thranduil placed another kiss on his son's head. "Then I will show you a secret in honor of your fifth Begetting Day. But only if you promise that you can keep it a secret. You cannot tell anyone that is not part of our family. Can you keep a secret, Legolas?" The elfling's eyes shone. "I can keep a secret, ada," he replied quickly. "Then I will show you." Thranduil carried his son behind the tapestry hanging behind his desk. Without saying a word, he laid his hand on the stone wall. Legolas gasped audibly and his eyes flashed to his father's when the wall swung open. "It is a secret door," he whispered. Thranduil had told Legolas stories of palaces in ancient times with secret doors and magical spells defended by powerful kings. He was still too young to really grasp that his father was a king who ruled a palace whose doors closed with a magic spell. But he had been in his father's office thousands of times—he had played behind that tapestry many times—and he had never seen that door. His eyes were filled with awe. Thranduil laughed lightly at his son's wonder and he stepped through the door. Legolas' eyes widened further. "Nana's garden!" he exclaimed, squirming again from his father's arms and running towards the beech tree in its center. This garden, planted on a level ledge on the side of the mountain stronghold and accessible only from doors in the family quarters, was Legolas' favorite place in all the world known to him. Until now, he had only entered it from a door in the family sitting room. This secret door in his father's office was all the more special since it led to this wonderful place. Thranduil loved the garden as well. Its character unmistakably reflected his wife's tastes, as well it should since she had originally planted it. The garden was the king's refuge—a peaceful, bright place of beautiful green trees, flowering plants and treasured memories where no one outside his family could disturb him. Since Legolas' Naming Day, the family gathered in this garden to celebrate important family events, including the children's Begetting Days. The beech tree that Legolas was happily climbing had witnessed many happy moments in the king's life since he moved to the stronghold. "That is far enough," Thranduil called, swinging into the tree himself. It whispered a welcome to both he and his son and Thranduil watched as Legolas paused to pat its trunk in response. Thranduil had no doubt the tree would never let his son fall and that Legolas, young as he may be, was more than capable of climbing safely. Still, his heart leapt to his throat each time he saw Legolas scaling effortlessly from branch to branch into its heights. The elfling climbed a little further—as much as he dared before he knew his failure to comply would earn a firmer reprimand—and then he straddled a branch and sat with his back against the trunk, waiting for his father to reach an equal height in the tree. "I am not so high, ada," he said in a reproving tone when Thranduil sat in a branch next to him. Thranduil laughed. "Perhaps not. But we are here to eat, not climb trees. The servants cannot bring our food into the branches." Legolas leaned back and closed his eyes, drawing a deep breath. "Why not?" he muttered. "I love Spring," he continued in a stronger voice. Then he opened his eyes, looking excitedly at his father. "Ada, is the Spring Festival soon?" Thranduil smiled. "You know it is always a few days after your Begetting Day." "Is Uncle Aradunnon going to be back in time for it?" "Possibly. I am expecting a letter from him soon." Legolas closed his eyes again. "I hope he comes," he said softly. "It will not be the same without him and Galithil and Dolgailon." "Your uncle is managing a very serious situation for me, ion nin. Otherwise he would be here today. He will come for the Spring Festival if it is at all possible." Legolas nodded absently. He was accustomed to that explanation. "If he cannot come, can we go visit him, ada? We have never gone to his village." Thranduil frowned at that. How did he explain to his young son that he thought the village where his beloved uncle lived much of the year was too dangerous to visit? Thranduil remembered all too well the events in his childhood that had so violently robbed him of his innocence—the murder of Elu Thingol by dwarves and the attacks on Menegroth first by dwarves and then elves. Thranduil was only forty when Elu Thingol died. He was not yet of age when he fled Menegroth in his mother's care, through the bloody halls strewn with the bodies of his slain kin, leaving his father behind in the fighting. Legolas was only five. Thranduil had been persuaded to have this child in such dangerous times only with great reluctance, though now he was inordinately thankful to have him. In his mind, the elfling had already seen far too much. Thranduil fully intended to protect his son's innocence as much as possible for as long as he could. He did not want to explain the perils of the southern part of the realm. Fortunately, he was spared that task by the arrival of the rest of the family, including a surprise that made both Legolas and Thranduil rush to descend the tree. Elleth-Female elf Adar/ada-Father/dad Ion nin-My son Daeradar-Grandfather (Thanks to the folks that coined this term. It wasn't me-I saw it first in Bodkin and Nilmandra's stories and I hear others use it. I am stealing it here because I've seen it so much it seems like canon to me. I hope no one minds.) Naneth/nana-Mother/mum