rather modest, too, relative to Gondor. Gimli had discovered that all he needed to do was wear an unmarked gold ring and mumble darkly while twisting at it and glowering at his workers, and they would immediately put in about 40 hours straight of frenzied, terrified labor. If you then took care of their simple (though voluminous) caloric needs and tossed them a copper or two, you had their undying devotion. There weren't actually that many orcs left in the local population. Various geo-political moves on the part of the Previous Administration had rather thinned their ranks. Those orcs that were left seemed morose and withdrawn, and seemed to have trouble paying attention. On the other hand, there were lots of Half-orcs and Swarthy Men that were looking for something to do; these composed most of Gimli's labor force here at the works. For the really heavy lifting, he also employed a couple of mountain trolls (he'd made sure to get the improved, sun-resistant Olog-Hai variety). In addition to possessing enormous strength, one could also use their foreheads as an anvil in a pinch. Poggin, Durin and Elboner had been there with Gimli at the beginning, getting Dwarfsmith Armaments Industries well established, but as the business had grown, they had been relocated out of the area to support the company. Poggin was Gimli's lead rep in the Rohan-Gondor-Coastlands Sales Region. His artistic skill in engraving seemed to be matched by an artistic skill in creating a greedy longing in the minds of potential customers and artistically getting them to sign a fat purchase order. Dwarfsmith Armaments Industries currently had contracts with the Tower Guard of Minas Tirith, the 6th Circle Hoplites, the Pelargir Marines, and the 2nd, 3rd, 15th, 26th and 42nd Éoreds, to name a few. Gimli had managed to find a serviceable replacement for Poggin's engraving skills in two Half-Orc brood mates (Urg-Fric and Org-Frac), who could already carve a great-looking, gore-splattered battle scene, and were rapidly picking up the techniques and tricks of staining and chemical etching. Durin was located in the Southern Area Sales Region, where the business was growing rapidly. Having lost much of their best armaments (as well as most of their armored troops) at Pelennor and the Abominable Ambush of the Undead, the Southrons, Corsairs and Haradrim were anxious to re-equip. Additionally, Durin had heard something interesting during an evening of loud, crude drinking games (and near-toxic blood alcohol levels) with a group of local Haradrim laborer-artisans. A grizzled, elderly sword smith with but a single snaggly tooth, well on his way to unconsciousness, had mumbled something to Durin in response to some nonchalant questioning. Apparently, a light and dark banded pattern would appear in worked steel only if one used ore from a single mountain named Mascus Dûr, far out in the southern waste. Thus, Durin was quietly trying to set up delivery of a small supply of that ore as he interacted with his many new customers. He was also looking into the possibility of using Oliphants as bulk cargo carriers. Elboner was off in Rivendell getting his MBA. Coal was readily available in the area, with several huge, open-pit mines to the east along the Ash Mountains. On the other hand, if Gimli still were using charcoal, he would have had to import it. But, By Khazad, there was no need! Dwarfsmith Armaments Industries was built partially atop Magma Mainline One, the big, lava-filled trench arrowing north from Mt. Doom to where Barad Dûr had towered. There was plenty of heating available for free! Gimli and Durin had devised a system of high-carbon steel alloy hoists and ceramic buckets for lowering things down through holes in the heat-resistant floor to the fiery, slow-moving stream. With the extremely high temperatures that were available, Gimli was just scratching the surface as far as new alloys that were now accessible. Shipping raw materials and finished goods was complicated, but wasn't as expensive as Gimli had worried it might be. Black Horses of Mordor were used to get mass deliveries out through the Isenmouthe and Black Gate Canyon to the main trade routes. Once you got used to their red-glowing eyes, they were fine. And you occasionally needed to drive another sixteen-penny nail through their hooves to keep them happy and focused. Items could also be shipped over the Morgul Pass on surefooted Weredonkeys (The pass was a lot safer since Shelob had been evicted). Recently, a bright young Easterling had come up with the idea of harnessing several Fell Beasts together to transport a shipping container directly over the Mountains of Shadow. Gimli was intrigued. However, if he were to ship items using this means of transportation, Gimli supposed he would need to set up a landing pad and freight depot a few miles outside of Osgiliath. The sight of enormous, black, low-flying creatures still tended to make the locals a bit skittish. And, best of all, there didn't seem to be any regulations in Mordor. Nor had any inspectors shown up at the gateway to his shop compound. But if they did, the dwarves had designed the factory so that it would be more inspection-ready. Actually, Gimli felt much more confident now about achieving a successful inspection outcome. Gimli walked over to where The Inspector's Chair stood by the wall. It was a large, nicely upholstered piece of furniture, sited just in front of a convenient writing desk. Surely, a tired government functionary would sit down to write a few notes at some time during their visit? Gimli ran his hand lightly over one of the wrought iron sconces on the wall. It was the sconce, which if twisted just so, would trigger a complicated, concealed mechanism, which would cause the chair to tip over, emptying its occupant into a suddenly opened chute. The nearly vertical passage led down to some labyrinthine lava tubes below, where the new guest would be the dinner companion of a certain recently evicted female mountain dweller.