his way towards the three elflings now huddled in a corner, quickly picking up in arms the twin that was closer to him. The child squealed in fright the second he had picked him up, kicking his legs and arms wildly in the air. "No!" the elfling screamed as if he was being tortured, instead of merely being held safely and carefully in the King's arms, the latter making sure the elfling would not hurt himself in his frightened antics. "Please! No! We will behave! We will behave!" The Elvenking made his way towards the balcony, ignoring the elfling's cries as he tried hard to keep a straight face. "Oh, wait, Thranduil." Elrond called suddenly, making him stop as he saw his friend approaching him, still keeping his straight solemn face. "This is valuable, do not throw this off. Just throw Elladan, but not this." His friend said, carefully picking the tiny silver circlet from the elfling's head- much to the child's wide horror, who had believed his father was about to rescue him. And it once again became incredibly hard for him not to laugh. How could the elflings really believe he would throw any of them out the balcony? "No! Please! Please! No!" Little Elladan continued to scream, kicking his little legs widely around, eyes growing as wide as moons as the King of Mirkwood took the first steps into the balcony, approaching the delicate ornate railing. He made sure to hold the elfling carefully, the little figure too frightened to even notice that the way in which he was carefully being carried was nearly the opposite to that of anyone attempting to really throw him off any balcony. And then, deciding that the children had had enough and would at least listen to them now, the Elvenking slowly placed Elladan back onto his little feet, the elfling running as quick as his little legs could allow it towards his Ada, slamming onto the older elf's knees. Elrond picked him up immediately, his perfectly serene mask breaking into a short laugh as he held the scared elfling safely close to his chest. "Will all of you behave now? And play without destroying every single chamber?" Lord Elrond's voice echoed through the room just as Elrohir also ran towards his father, little hands clinging at his robes as he too begged to be carried in his arms. "Yes! Yes!" All three elflings were quick to say, Tadion dashing in his father's direction, who, like Elrond, immediately picked him up safely in his arms. How could Tadion had even believed he would ever let anything happen to him? "Sorry, Ada." His little son whispered to the collar of his rich silvery blue robes, frail little arms tight around his neck, and he only held his son closer to his body, his precious little bundle that the Valar had gifted him with, letting out a laugh at the children's reactions. "It is all right, little one." He pressed his lips to his son's little head of golden hair, the strands still holding that baby softness to them. No matter how much trouble and mess his son caused, he would still love him dearly, more than the child could even imagine. "Let us go have dinner now." "Would you have thrown me off the balcony?" His heart ached inside his chest like a fresh wound as he heard his son's innocent voice asking in a little whisper, large blue eyes looking slightly scared and at the same time confused at they looked up at him, as if not fully believing what his father had said moments ago, yet not completely knowing for sure. "Of course not, Tadion. Never." He whispered in return, letting out a silent laugh as he placed another kiss on his son's little head. He would never let anything happen to his precious son, let alone him being the cause of said harm! He was relived, however, as he saw his son relax on his arms, fully believing his words and understanding that it had all been a ruse to scare them. "I would never let anything harm you, my son." "Was he really going to throw me?" He heard Elladan questioning his father as all of them made their way outside the destroyed room and headed towards the Dining Room. "Not this time. Next time perhaps." He answered the child, who once again looked slightly alarmed on his father's arms, little mouth hanging open in an expression that looked almost impossibly cute, Elrond throwing him a fierce glare before having to explain to his sons that they too were safe and that the King would not harm them for destroying his Palace. Oh, Alarya and Celebrian would certainly murder both of them once they found out how they had scared the children- who seemed to have forgotten about everything by now, once again chatting and laughing loudly. He could already feel he would be sleeping in his study tonight, thankful that at least the couch there was comfortable. But what the Elvenking could not have known yet was that even though the twins and his son would continue to run around screaming in his halls, and prank nearly every single elf in his staff the many times they visited the Palace in the future years, never again would any of the twins leave a mess in any single chamber in his Palace. And no matter how much they grew and eventually came to realize that it had all been a bluff the adult elves had enjoyed too much, for the twin sons of Elrond 'the King of Mirkwood threw the elflings who misbehaved in his halls off the balcony'. Here a little short snippet that might perhaps one day be added to Greenwood the Great. Just a little fund Thranduil and Elrond had scaring their sons who were intent in not listening to what their parents said about creating messes. Let me know what you think! Love, Elena