took his expression as encouragement. "I was just asking Legolas if that knife was old. It looks old," he said to Thranduil, eyeing the sheath and obviously hoping Thranduil would let them look at it again. "It is," Thranduil responded. He made no move to unsheath the kinfe. "It was made for my naneth's daeradar in Menegroth's forges during the First Age. He died defending King Denethor with it and it passed to my naneth. She used it to fight the dwarves and elves that invaded Menegroth. She gave it to me after I lost my sword when the Noldor attacked us in Sirion, and I fought with it until the war against Sauron." Legolas looked at his father with surprise. He knew he had also fought the dwarves and Noldor in Menegroth and he had always assumed that he had fought with that knife, since he had fought on the Dagorlad with it. He did not know his father had wielded his own sword in Menegroth. After all, during those battles, he had only been a little older than Legolas was now. Anastor and Noruil were also surprised by Thranduil's words, but for different reasons. "Elves invaded Menegroth? Noldor attacked you in Sirion? I thought Menegroth was a city of elves and the Noldor were elves. You cannot be saying that you fought battles against other elves!" Anastor said. "That cannot be true and it is a terrible thing to say!" Noruil agreed. "It really is," Maidhien whispered from where she stood near the door, both her hands covering her mouth. Thranduil frowned in response to her expression and held out his arm. Maidhien came over to him and gratefully allowed him to put his arm around her shoulder and draw her against him. "I take it that your adars taught you nothing about Beleriand, then?" he asked with a more gentle tone. Maidhien shook her head. "He says that we only need to know the history of this forest." "Well, in Beleriand, in the First Age, I fear that elves did fight two battles against other elves," he replied. "I saw them both with my own eyes. I fought in them." Anastor stared at Thranduil with his mouth open. "You attacked other elves?" Noruil asked, still completely disbelieving. "No," Thranduil answered quickly. "They attacked us. We defended ourselves." "Will you tell us the story?" Anastor begged, showing the most enthusiasm he ever had for anything Thranduil said. "No, thank you for your interest," Thranduil replied. Legolas frowned along with Anastor and Noruil. He had long wanted to hear his father's version of those tales. "But those are memories I do not care to relive. Legolas, you know those stories, I believe?" Legolas nodded. "Yes, adar. We read them with Master Rodonon." Thranduil turned back to Anastor. "Legolas can tell you about it properly then." Legolas recognized that phrasing implied he was not to glorify those battles, but describe them as the atrocities that they were. He doubted Anastor and Noruil would recognize the difference. "I will leave you to it," he said, giving Maidhien's shoulders a squeeze before moving to leave the room. Legolas hesitated a moment and than took a step to follow his father. "Adar, you were not much older than Galithil and I when you fought the dwarves in Menegroth. And you were obviously well enough trained for the battle and you had your own sword, apparently. So that means you were training with weapons at our age. Can Galithil and I train also?" From the corner of his eyes, Legolas saw Galithil turn and stare at him. "No, you may not," Thranduil answered without pause, as he turned to leave the room. Legolas frowned at his father's back as he disappeared through the doorway. "You did not honestly think that would work, did you?" Galithil asked softly after they heard Thranduil's office door open and shut. Legolas shrugged. "Well he just said he fought with his own sword in Menegroth. He was our age then." Galithil laughed. "You will never convince your adar to allow us to train with a sword before we are old enough to enter the training program, just like everyone else. And even then--not all parents allow their children to enter it until they come of age and it is their own choice to make. I bet Uncle Thranduil will be one of those parents." "Almost certainly," Anastor agreed. "He does not value the warriors. He believes in pulling back villages and letting the forest fall to the Shadow," Anastor said. Legolas turned to him, fists clenched. He was in no mood to hear Anastor say that. Anastor, as usual, did not seem to notice or care about the reaction he caused. "You could spy on the warriors on the training field with us," he rushed to suggest, gesturing at Noruil and Galithil. "We spy on them and then practice what we see." Noruil nodded enthusiastically. "The more people we have to practice with us, the better it would be. You should come with us, Legolas." Legolas looked between them, hardly able to believe he was considering that suggestion. "Do not do it, Legolas," Galithil's voice said in his ear. Legolas raised his eyebrows and looked at his cousin. Galithil was going to play the voice of restraint? "Adar caught me watching with them once," he continued. "He said he would not allow me to join the training program until I came of age if he caught me again. I have not gone with them since, because I am sure he truly meant it. And he said it in front of Dolgailon. You know Dolgailon would enforce Adar's wish if he caught us." Legolas forced a laugh. "I would not do it. Adar would be furious, and we have surely pushed our luck with him enough for the rest of the Age," he replied, trying to return his cousin's serious gaze unflinchingly. *~*~* Adar/ada--Father/dad Naneth/nana--Mother/mum Daeradar/daernaneth--Grandfather/grandmother Elleth/ellyth--female elf/elves Ellon/ellyn--Male elf/elves