was crouched, waiting to pounce. At once I spun about, drawing my knife and springing toward my foe. As I broke through the bush I was bringing my arm down—and there was Estel, staring up wide-eyed and innocent of the fright that he had caused me. I checked my swing, but only just, and the tip of my blade nicked his lip." Gimli let out his breath, not realizing that he had been holding it. "How dreadful it would have been had you slain him," he exclaimed in horror. "Aye, Gimli, and the ghastliness of what I had almost done left me nigh witless for several moments. Fortunately, even then Estel was a stoic creature, so at least I did not have to contend with tears and sobs. I quickly recovered my wits and with a strip torn from my tunic, I stanched the flow of blow from his wound. As I tended to the cut, I realized with dismay that the sickening odor that I smelled did not emanate from Estel. No, it was indeed the odor of Orc that befouled the air. The enemy was near, and I looked anxiously at Estel. 'Estel', I whispered, 'do not speak. Nod if you can walk'. Estel pressed his lips tightly together and nodded. I helped him to his feet and gestured in the direction from whence we came. 'We must retrace our steps to Rivendell', I whispered, 'and quickly'. Again Estel nodded, and he took several careful steps toward safety. As for myself, I pivoted so that I might keep my face to the rear and thus spot any approaching foe, for I assumed that we must be between the enemy and Rivendell. As I backed away, I heard behind me the sound of branches breaking, and I spun about to urge Estel to be quieter." Legolas paused and reached for a waterskin. As he satisfied his thirst, he noted with satisfaction that Gimli was fidgeting with curiosity. "It was not Estel made the noise, however," the Elf resumed solemnly. 'An Orc had crept out from behind a tree. With horror, I saw him raise his scimitar." Aragorn now took up the tale. "Suddenly I heard the whistling noise made by something cutting through the air. Then I felt a tremendous blow. With the air knocked out of me, I found myself sprawled face down in the dirt, with something lying across my back. Just as quickly, the weight was removed. I heard a guttural scream and then a gurgling noise. I sat up and looked about. There lay a dying Orc, with Legolas' knife in its belly. Beside him knelt Legolas, bent over and gasping. His back was to me, and I saw that a red line ran down it, along the ridge of his spine." Suddenly Gimli understood. "Legolas threw himself at you to knock you clear," he exclaimed, "and he took a blow from the Orc's scimitar." "Aye, Gimli," said Aragorn, "but even though Legolas was injured, he had immediately rolled over and struck upward with his knife, gutting the Orc who bent over us intent on administering the death blow." Impressed, Gimli shook his head. "Aragorn, I have oft said that ye lead a charmed life, but if ye do, it hath been Legolas who has served as the talisman." Aragorn looked fondly at his elven foster-brother and nodded. "You speak the truth, Gimli. Legolas would have died for me that day." "And not on that day only," Gimli observed thoughtfully. In his mind's eye he again saw Legolas desperately cutting his way through the army of Mordor in order to stand by Aragorn's side when the Man was beset by a great Troll. He saw, too, the Elf bravely plunging beneath the earth to follow Aragorn on the Paths of the Dead. 'I, a Dwarf, one accustomed to the dark places of the earth, scarcely had the courage to enter that place', he reminisced, 'but so great was the loyalty and love that Legolas bore for his foster-brother that he did not hesitate. What was it that he said? To wherever it may lead . Aye, that was it. Legolas would have followed Aragorn—did follow Aragorn—even when the path led to Death'. "You followed him, too," Legolas broke in to his thoughts. "Aye, lad, but I hesitated," Gimli replied sadly. "You had reason to hesitate, for you are mortal and have a mortal's fear of death. Yet you overcame that fear. Yours was the greater bravery!" "Legolas is right, Gimli," Aragorn interjected. "Of course I'm right," exclaimed Legolas, with the insouciance that still drove the Dwarf wild on occasion. "And here is something else I am right about: Gimli, you must never think that your bond with Aragorn is less than mine, for you bear the Mark of the Nine, and no bond could be stronger than the one signified by that sign." Gimli smiled gratefully at the Elf. He did not share Aragorn and Legolas' common upbringing in the household of Elrond, but at times like these it did not seem to matter. All for one and one for all . Yes, that is what Aragorn said on occasion, and he was right. The Dwarf arose and felt his garments. "Dry enough to put on," he called out. Legolas and Aragorn arose as well, and soon the three friends were clad and ready to resume their patrol. "Legolas," Gimli said as they strode from the clearing, "now I know how you acquired that scar on your back, but there is something else I would like to know." "Yes, Gimli?" "Your crooked nose, how came you by that?" "Gandalf," Legolas replied laconically. "Gandalf," repeated Gimli, puzzled. "Echo," observed Aragorn dryly. 'Oh, bother it all', thought Gimli. 'I had better leave it for another day, for the story behind his nose is no doubt as elaborate as the one behind Aragorn and Legolas' scars'. And as Gimli has left it for another day, so shall I.