ignore, but when his task is done and he can in good conscience turn his attention to other matters, I believe that spending more time with you will be very much on his mind." "Responsibilities?" "Yes, saving civilization, the fate of Middle-earth, that sort of thing," said Galadriel airily. "Oh, well, if that's the case, then I can wait," returned Edwen Nana, equally airily. Galadriel smiled and laid a comforting hand upon her shoulder. "Mithrandir shall be glad to know it. He is, after all, not so different from his Halfling friends. Even now I can see Master Samwise as he tells Frodo that the heroes in stories go on because they believe that there is something worth fighting for. To know that there is someone or something that awaits, that means much, whether one is Maia or mortal. Without it, even an immortal life would be meaningless—indeed, perhaps an immortal life would be especially meaningless if there were no one or nothing for which one cared deeply. I could envision living without meaning for a space of time—but for an eternity?" "They also serve who only stand and wait," said Edwen Nana softly. "Is that not what Men say?" "Indeed they do. It is because there are those who wait that Mithrandir and the others fight on. And now I believe that there are those who wait for you and Tathar to return to Thranduil's Hall." "True. Tathar must be missing his wife and children, and they him. Yes, it is time for them to be reunited." "And for you to be reunited with them as well," smiled Galadriel. "You are the belovéd Nana of many." Edwen Nana returned Galadriel's smile and went back to her talan to prepare to depart for her home on the morrow. All that day, while Edwen Nana turned her thoughts toward Northern Mirkwood, Gandalf steadily strode toward the border of Lothlórien. When he entered the southern fringes of the forest, he paused to rest. "I think I had better have a bite to eat before I summon Shadowfax," he murmured. Seating himself upon a log, he opened the pouch that Edwen Nana had packed for him. "Let us see what is wrapped within this cloth," he muttered. "Some especial delicacy, no doubt." He folded back the cloth and stared in surprise. There lay a very fine pipe and underneath it a pouch from which arose the aroma of pipe weed. Chuckling, the wizard picked up the pipe and examined it. "She must have acquired this from a Lake-town trader," he said, "although from the design I would say its ultimate source was Erebor. Well, well, I shall think of her every time I light it—which was no doubt her intention!" Carefully he rewrapped the treasure to be brought out later. When he encountered Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli in the forest of Fangorn, he had it upon his person. When he stood on the balcony of the room he shared with Pippin in Minas Tirith, it was this pipe he smoked as he gazed toward the gloom of Mordor. Throughout the closing days of the Third Age, he carried it everywhere with him, and he only relinquished it when he and Frodo and Bilbo parted from their companions at the Grey Havens. Then it was he entrusted it to Samwise Gamgee, although he never told the Halfling why the pipe was so precious to him. "He told me there wouldn't be any pipe weed where he was going, and I should keep it to remember him by," Sam told Pippin and Merry over their flagons one night when Pippin asked him why a battered old pipe had a place of honor above the mantle next to sword and helm. "And do you know, whenever I look at it, it puts me in mind of those smoke creatures he used to puff for our amusement when things seemed so dreadful." "Ah, yes, his smoke creatures," said Merry. "Sometimes, when I am out of doors and see shapes in the cloud, I imagine he has somehow contrived to put them there. I see a great many more figures in the clouds than I used to, more than I saw even when I was a youngling and we used to lie on our backs and call out shapes one to another." "That's true," agreed Pippin. "I can't look at a cloud without seeing galloping horses or soaring dragons or charging oliphaunts. That is how I shall always recollect Gandalf, I think." Oddly, across the Sundering Sea, at that very moment a Maia and an Elleth lay side by side upon the shore gazing up into a sky festooned with horses and dragons and oliphaunts. "Now, then, isn't this an improvement over those nasty smoke creatures of yours?" Edwen Nana said. "Oh, I don't know," Gandalf replied. "It is true that these cloud creatures are on a grander scale, but there was something so cozy and intimate in blowing smoke rings before a cottage fire." "Ah, if it's cozy and intimate you want," murmured Edwen Nana, "a pipe is not the only way to achieve such a state." "You would suggest another method?" "Mithrandir, sometimes I believe your recollections remain somewhat sketchy as to certain particulars." "Perhaps," challenged Gandalf, his eyes gleaming, "you would like to try to refresh my memory. I believe I was forced to depart from Lothlórien before you had quite enough time to restore to me the knowledge of all that had passed between us." "You are right, Mithrandir. There was much left—untaught." With that, Maia and Elleth retired from the beach so that Edwen Nana might resume tutoring the wizard without fear that the lessons would be interrupted. And, truly, Edwen Nana must have been a very good teacher, for Gandalf was never again heard to lament the loss of his pipe. Praise the Valar that one's recollections can be such a power for good, and may we all have such sweet memories.