A pinnace was lowered from the deck, and as it descended toward the water, Legolas could make out the words 'The Seagull' painted upon its stern. Once the pinnace cast off from the ship, a lone Man steered it toward Legolas and Gimli's tiny boat. As he came alongside, Legolas saw with astonishment that it was Will Turner. " Now I know I am hallucinating," the Elf said aloud. "You were lost to the sea long ago, your ship foundering in a great storm that claimed many unfortunate sailors." " Lost to the sea? Nay, I was claimed by the sea. It is not the same thing, Legolas. But tell me, my friend, how does my family fare?" " Elizabeth lived long after your ship foundered and took great pleasure in your children. She lived to see the birth of not only your grandson but your great-grandson." " What was he named?" Will asked eagerly. Legolas laughed. "Are you truly in doubt?" he teased. "He is named William. His nickname was Willie, but when he grew old enough to go to sea he insisted upon being called Will—influenced, no doubt, by tales of his great-grandfather!" " I am glad," Will said fervently. "But tell me, Legolas, how fares it with you and Gimli?" Legolas gestured around their battered boat. "As you see. I thought I could bring Gimli safely to Valinor, but the sea has defeated us. We could catch fish enough, but without water we cannot live. I am to blame for bringing Gimli to a bitter end." " You take too much upon yourself," Will replied gently. "You look tired. Sleep a bit." " I cannot. I must look after the boat." " I shall look after your vessel. Remember that I promised that I would seek for an opportunity to succor you and Gimli? Let me fulfill my pledge." " I don't want to sleep," Legolas yawned. "You succor me by your presence—apparition though you be! I am afraid that when I wake up you shall have vanished." " I shall never leave you," Will promised, his image beginning to shimmer before Legolas's eyes. "A Will Turner shall always roam the seas, and he will ever be a friend to you and yours. Sleep now, and trust that all will be well." It was night when Legolas awoke, but the mist was gone and the Star of Eärendil the Mariner shone down upon their tiny pinnace. Legolas felt inexplicably cheerful as he gazed up at the star, which seemed to give off a light out of keeping with its small size. The Elf stretched his arms and hummed a little. Suddenly he realized that his humming was not the only noise. He heard a sloshing sound, and, oddly, it seemed to be coming from the water barrel. He got to his feet, surprised at how steady his limbs felt, and made his way to the cask. To his amazement, he saw that it was full very nearly to the brim. 'It must have rained while I slept', he thought excitedly. He seized the mug, filled it with water, and hastened to Gimli. " Wake up, Gimli," he cried. "Wake up!" " Whatever happened to dying in peace?" grumbled the Dwarf. " I won't let you die in peace," Legolas retorted, "because I won't let you die at all. Water, Gimli. Here is water!" Gimli cracked one eye open enough to glower at the Elf. "Yes, here is water. Water, water every where, nor a drop to drink!" " Not salt water, Gimli. It is fresh water. It rained whilst we slept, and the water barrel is full." Gimli opened the other eye and struggled to sit up. Legolas put a hand behind the Dwarf's back to support him and held the mug to his lips. Gimli could take only little sips at first, but with the passing of every minute he seemed to regain his vigor. Soon he was sitting up straight and holding the mug on his own. "Rainwater you say," he exclaimed. "Legolas, this beverage is as sweet and refreshing as wine! Here," he said, thrusting the mug at the Elf. "You must have some as well." Legolas took the mug and again dipped it into the barrel. "You are right," he declared after his first sip. "This rainwater is indeed as sweet and refreshing as wine." The Dwarf, lively now, looked about him. "We must have been sleeping a long time. The water barrel is full, you say, and it would take a lot of rain to fill it. Yet everything else is quite dry. It would take a long time for everything to dry after a rain great enough to fill that barrel." Legolas lowered the mug and stared about him. Gimli was right. There was no sign that rain had touched the deck, and their clothing was quite dry. Yet there was the water barrel, filled very nearly to the brim. Legolas looked over the gunnels in every direction. In one direction the sky was slightly darker, and faintly came the sound of a seagull. "A Will Turner shall always roam the seas, and he will ever be a friend to you and yours," the Elf murmured. " What's that you say, Legolas?" Legolas shook his head and smiled. "Look, Gimli. Above shines the Star of Eärendil the Mariner. Some say that that star is a good omen for those who sail upon the sea. They say that when it appears Eärendil is looking out for them from his celestial ship." " Well," grunted Gimli, "I suppose it won't do no harm to believe that something is watching over us. Don't make no sense—but then hope never does." And so the two friends sailed on into the west, and as they journeyed, Legolas ever listened for the sound of the seagull, which for him was no longer the sound of doom but of deliverance. My friends, may we all be so blessed.