she blushed. " I trust you have had a good life as Galadriel's niece ?" Legolas asked and withdrew his gaze. Elenwen nodded. " You were quite a sight to behold upon the rocky hill ." Legolas chuckled lightly. Elenwen blushed again. " I was keen for an adventure myself, upon hearing a branch snap I decided it best to make my presence unknown ." Elenwen admitted. Legolas smiled as he gazed at the maiden beside him. If someone happened to ask him what the most beautiful thing about Lothlorien was Legolas did not doubt that he would say Elenwen. She had beautiful green eyes and dirty blond hair. Elenwen was also tall and of lightweight, dressed in white with a gem upon her brow. As he watched her his blond hair swept in front of his eyes and Legolas remembered his braids were loose. Elenwen chuckled. " Get Elenwen to fix your braids. She's great at that sort of thing ." Callnen said as he approached. Elenwen blushed for what she thought had to have been the hundredth time that day. " Well met Callnen! Perhaps you have time to catch up with us too?" Legolas smiled. Callnen shook his head slightly with a frown. " For one thing, brother, I do not have a comb and secondly I do not believe I would be able to do braids well enough to rest upon Legolas's head ." " Why not Elenwen? I am sure you are wonderful at it, and you are right here. You do not wish for me to get struck down in battle do you ?" Legolas smiled slightly with a small twinkle in his eyes. A comb was placed in Elenwen's hand and she laughed quietly. " Alright. Do you think you could sit in front of me please, Legolas ." She asked with a little extra flirtatious emphasis on his name. Legolas nodded with the corners of his lips upturned as he rose and bowed before the maiden then settled down in front of her on the grass. Lightly with gentle fingers Elenwen took out the rest of Legolas's braids and brushed out the tangles. Her fingers then swept through his hair as she tried to find any last knots. Elenwen felt a tingle down her spine as her fingers ran though Legolas's hair. It was a tingle of delight and longing Elenwen had never felt before. The rhythmic brushing of his hair calmed Legolas as he sat resting his mind. Slender fingers touched his head making Legolas almost shiver in delight. Her finger brushed the tip of his ear and something in Legolas made his heart quicken for a second. The lingering touch on his ear made him wonder what he had felt. He had not felt such emotion for a while; ever since that one maiden her had met back when he was 900 years of age. But before he could ponder the thought longer with sorrow Legolas find Elenwen's hands were no longer on him, which began to puzzle him even more. " There your Grace. No longer shall your lovely hair block thy view of thine enemy ." Elenwen smiled and it seemed a hint of reluctancy wavered in her voice. Legolas stood and sat beside Elenwen once more. " With your skill I am sure they will last long ." Legolas smiled back. Elenwen looked around her. The two smallest hobbits and the dwarf were asleep and snoring softly. " Rough journey I guess ." Elenwen grinned indicating the hobbits. " You do not know the half of it ." Legolas whispered almost solemnly. " You should get some rest too my lord. You may well be on your way tomorrow ." Elenwen said with a small sigh. Legolas frowned. " Alas I do not know this lord you speak of. I am Legolas and I would much rather enjoy what time I have in your kind company. " He told. Elenwen felt her temples beat to the quick rhythm of her heart. She gave Legolas a quick gaze as he looked away from her. " I am afraid that I must rest as well. I am to be up at first light and prepare a breakfast for you and your company ." Elenwen said softly. " May I help you tomorrow? So that we may watch the sunrise together ?" Legolas said quickly. How easily this maiden evoked words and phrases of seduction in him! Legolas could hardly get his tongue around his words. Elenwen smiled causing Legolas to feel new onslaught of flirtatious words dance on the tip of his tongue. " I'd be happy to watch the sunrise with you after I have prepared the breakfast." She said innocently. With a last glance she got up and walked away only to turn around with a quick smile to see Legolas still watching her. With a quick grin she turned the path corner and headed to her room. As she left Legolas gripped the log he sat on. It was all he could do to stop himself from following her into her room and placing her gently on the feathery mattress only to bring his lips to hers. Legolas bit his lip trying to put a hold on his thoughts. Never had any maiden taken so much control over his thoughts in such a way. As he glanced at her still she turned around and gave him a quick grin. Lord it was if she wanted him to follow her! Legolas quickly turned his head as she looked away. He would have to put his feelings under a little more control. Even as a child Elenwen had evoked feelings in him. He had always held a soft spot for her in his heart. If only she had known how many times he had stayed awake thinking about her when he grew up. It was too soon and too late to think about anything but the road ahead.