his wiry jaw against the elf's palm, and then leant forward to kiss him high on his angular cheek bone nuzzling the bristly hairs along Haldir's sleek, smooth skin kissing again as an evil smirk coloured his own face. He decided that it was time for him to explore his new lovers body as well, it was clear that Haldir knew what he was doing, and the horse lord took no shame in admitting experience deciding that Haldir would instruct him when the time came. This decided, the man reached forward and touched his finger tips to the tip of Haldir's leaf shaped ears, massaging ever so slightly watching Haldir's face and tilted his head as the elf's eyes blinked and small bumps broke out across his flesh. The elf's breath hitched as he ran his warm palm over the base of his ear and teased his fingers along the edge, curving over the sides to massage a little harder-grinning as a groan broke Haldir's pale throat, cupping his head as the elf leaned into his touch. Haldir's cold fingers slid into the man's thin beard and clutched at his jaw line, pulling him into a heated kiss. He gently pushed a hand at Éomer's chest until the bigger man lay on his back. He crawled on top and straddled him, never once breaking their kiss. Éomer looked up at him as Haldir pulled open his shirt and a soft gasp broke his lips as he leaned over and ran his cold and smooth fingers through the curly hairs on the mortal's broad, tanned chest. "I should have bedded a mortal years ago" he murmured with desire, his desire turning his speech to elfish. "Speaking in the common tongue would mean I could assist in this process" Éomer returned neatly and pulled the elf down against his lips to quell his laughter. Kisses flew back and forth between them, hands flying over clothes and flesh. At some point Haldir ended up on his back with Éomer looming over top of him wreaking merry havoc on his senses, playing with his pectoral muscles and his carved abs-teasing his bony hips with the bristled hairs of his jaw. Éomer's surprisingly clever mouth tasted every inch revealed to him, teasing the elf into insanity. "By Elebreth" he murmured catching up Éomer's hands in his own he kissed the horse lord warmly. "I call a truce to this ceaseless teasing-victory or death the decision must be made" Haldir pled quietly looking into guardedly emotional green eyes. "I cannot decide this battle master elf-for I do not know the field onto which we ride" Éomer returned softly as they tumbled back to lie on his bed sprawled out in full length. Haldir blinked and nodded his head "well there must be one decision we have to discuss" he said as he ran a hand over Éomer's sculpted chest. "Yes?" he asked quietly. "Well, you asked me before how an encounter would work..." Haldir murmured gently. Haldir had never been in this position before, where he had to explain how this worked and he didn't want to ruin his chances of the brand new assignation by attempting to explain. "Will you trust me?" The March warden asked. "Yes" Éomersensing something was about to happen. Haldir turned to his side and kissed him again, hands pushing his breeches down, repressing a moan as large, hot hands worked his own off-leaving him blissfully naked and next to his...surprisingly hairy lover. "Elebreth" he murmured softly reaching out he ran his fingers through the curly hairs between his legs. Éomer grunted softly but smiled gently-surprised himself at Haldir's complete smoothness everywhere. His leg twitched and another grunt broke his lips as the elf's exploration of his hair caused the rubbing of cool knuckles against his most heated piece. "It's everywhere" Haldir muttered. Smirking the elf started to 'accidentally' brush across his hot flesh, teasing the tip of one finger over the weeping tip, massaging gentle but barely there up and down. Watching the other man move underneath him "Rohan declares war on Lorien" Éomer growled playfully and pushed Haldir onto his back. His large hand encompassed him and he began to play around with what he held in his hand, it was new but not totally unfamiliar. He simply imagined what he himself would enjoy. A long but gentle stroking motion at first, calloused fingers playing with what lay behind. He teased and poked, rolled and massaged, watching as Haldir flailed and keened in pleasure. Then Lorien struck back and the elves muscular thigh came between Éomer's legs and flipped him over-cool hand sliding down to grip him, massaging steadily in an even practised motion. Thumb brushing drop after drop of liquid as it seeped steadily out, twisting and stroking even more. Éomer clutched the edge of the bed, knuckles turning white as he went beyond any pleasure he had consciously experienced. Deciding now would be an excellent time to broach the actual act Haldir let his hand slip lower teasing a finger and stroking gently over the curve of his back before dipping ever so slightly towards his opening, teasing it with one finger, carefully watching the mortal for his reaction. As his lovers hand dropped lower, Éomer wondered for a moment what he was doing and then white hot spears of pleasure and a sense of heated curiosity shot down his spine and through his stomach and suddenly he realized how this would work. "Oh...Haldir" he gasped desperately. A long moment passed and Éomer took in the newness and then he looked the elf dead in the eyes, lust and want glittered in his eyes. "Rohan rides to victory" he murmured softly as he moved against his hand, shuddering softly as he tried to imagine the full act, the end result. Haldir smiled and leaned forward kissing him heatedly as his hands flew wild, knowing now he could ride the horse lord, beyond anything the man thought possible.