creep slowly across each fair face as together they gazed on the miracle of their child. Eluial lifted one slender hand and stroked a finger against his cheek, as delicately as though a breath might shatter his perfect form, and Thranduil heard a sigh of contentment pass her lips. His mother approached, bearing a small silver horn that she extended towards him with a soft smile. "Your people are waiting," she reminded him, bending over in her turn to greet the new member of her family. Reluctantly Thranduil rose, brushing another kiss against his wife's forehead, and accepted the horn. Opening the tall window he stepped onto the terrace and raised the little instrument. Across the forest, Elves and Men and animals alike heard the clear, pure ringing of Elmo's horn, the sound that heralded the birth of a child of the royal line. Relief was palpable, followed swiftly by joy as a mood of celebration spread through the king's realm. Every glade was filled withElves dancing and singing, eating and drinking, cheering and laughing, setting alight the great pyres they had built, wishing blessings on Thranduil and Eluial and their child. The evening drew on, the sun setting in a flash of triumphant glory and the stars eagerly rising, dancing in their turn. Spring was in the air, in the cool freshness that exhilarated without chilling, in the scents of the darkening forest, in the hearts of those who feasted and sang within and without the palace. Only in Eluial's room was there peace. Thranduil stood at the window, listening to the echoes of song, watching the stars above and the flames below and the Elves who filled the palace gardens. "They love you too, iôn nín , so much…but not nearly as much as we do," he said softly, turning to revel in the sight of his sleeping family, lying in a pool of moonlight that illuminated each beloved detail. His family. With a surreal sense of delayed realisation, Thranduil repeated the words, letting the syllables, so familiar in sound but strange in sense, run over his tongue. The many holes that time and war had stabbed into his heart were somehow no longer important; healed or forgotten when faced with the sight of the innocent tableau before him. Eluial blinked and looked up at him drowsily, smiling to see the mingled ebony and aureate hair that spread over her shoulder. Thranduil walked quickly across the room and knelt by her side, burying his face in the linen sheet to hide the tears that burned his eyes. A cool finger slipped beneath his chin and raised his face so that he could meet her gaze. "Thank you," he whispered, their faces so close that Eluial could feel his breath on her cheek. The smile that had not left her eyes since he first set their son in her arms crept again to her lips and she dropped her eyes to where the little one lay, well fed and contented, in the crook of her arm. "He is worth any pain, any doubt," she said quietly. "And we— we caused him to live. " Her words echoed Thranduil's own awe, but by now he was able to tease her gently. "With a little help from the One," he pointed out, touching the baby's nose with a forefinger that seemed enormous in comparison. "Well, perhaps," she conceded. For several moments they remained silent as distant melodies drifted into the dim room. Then the baby yawned, his little face stretching, and they both laughed, wondering how they had ever managed to live without a tiny, beautiful, funny little person to complete them. "What shall you call him?" Eluial asked softly. Thranduil shook his head. "I told you before: we will both choose his first name. My mother need never know," he added with a conspiratorial grin. Again there was silence as names were formed and discarded in turn in each of their minds. "Our people were broken…they lost lord and loved ones in search of victory, but in the end faced destruction and despair," Thranduil said thoughtfully, apparently apropos of nothing. "He has returned hope to them—to me. Hope that after darkness, life returns." "Just as the new green leaves do with the coming of each spring," Eluial agreed softly, eyes filled with empathy. In the stillness that followed her words, a small smile stole across Thranduil's lips and the light in his eyes brightened. "Legolas?" Eluial said tentatively, testing the name for fittingness. "A good name for the son of the kings of the great forests, and for the heir of the lord of the House of the Tree," Thranduil remarked. "The only name for our little leaf." There was no hesitation in his voice as he confirmed, "Legolas." In his warm nest of soft material and comforting scents, the baby slipped suddenly back from the forgotten paths of childhood dreams. Two faces gazed down upon him in adoration, two pairs of grey, love-filled eyes watched his every movement. Familiar voices spoke tenderly in words he could not quite comprehend, but he knew they were words of affection. Legolas laughed. Author's Notes This was written, as I said, for the 20rings live journal community. The theme was Beginning and my character is, obviously, Legolas. Gift-wrapped Elves go to Danielle, otherwise known as darthsnuggles, for creating the community and coming up with all the muse-itching words :) I know that most people write Legolas as fairly young in the War of the Ring, or at least as younger than the twin sons of Elrond. My ideas about Legolas' family background are unusual in some respects, and as far as age is concerned, I haven't made a final decision between the "old" and "young" camps. For the purposes of this story, however, he was born in the spring following Sauron's fall at the beginning of the Third Age. Sindarin Translations Talan: flet Meleth: love mellon nín: my friend iôn nín: my son