and though I was slower than the rest I turned in time with them to circle around on the targets. My eyes flashed up the hill and my stomach dropped. It was hard to see with the sun's glare, but there were definitely a man, an elf, and a dwarf standing up on the hill. That sort of combination was not seen in Middle Earth. They had found me, the three of them. They had been chasing us this whole time, and now, as we rode up and surrounded them, I could see the lack of sleep combined with their desperation etched onto their faces. This had been the only thing on their mind since we had been taken. I suddenly found myself ashamed of my actions these past couple weeks, though I didn't know why, but I suddenly was angry at myself for leaving Boromir, for not being smart enough like Pippin to leave a trail, not having hope like Pippin that our companions were indeed alive and coming after us., and for not protecting the hobbits, and not knowing their status of either living or dead. I ducked my head down in shame as we finished circling the three. I wasn't sure if I could face them at this time. "What business does a elf, a man, and a dwarf have in the Riddermark? Speak quickly!" Eomer had ridden to the middle of the pack and was now demanding answers. Good luck sir on getting any answers from these three. "Give me your name, horsemaster, and I shall give you mine." I couldn't help it, I smirked at Gimli's response, unable to hold back the laugh at the similarities of his and mine first response to Eomer was hilariously similar. Eomer jumped down from his horse and walked over to the three, Aragorn was already pushing back Gimli. "I would cut off your head, dwarf, if it stood but a little higher from the ground." Well I could have told him that comment would get him in trouble with our group, but I didn't figure it would be Legolas whipping out his weapon and pointing it at Eomer. "You would die before your stroke fell!" Wait a minute, since when have Legolas and Gimli become friends? All the Rohan men pointed their weapons at Legolas's head and Aragorn pushed the elf's bow down while Gimli looked slightly alarmed. "I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn, this is Gimli, son of Gloin, and Legolas from the Woodland Realm." Legolas looked like he was ready to kill Eomer while Aragorn introduced them. "We are friends of Rohan, and of Theoden, your King." I watched Eomer's shoulder's slump slightly before he continued. "Theoden no longer recognizes friend from foe." I watched as he removed his helmet, which I secretly wanted to steal. "Not even his own kin." Well knock me over with a feather, how many royal descendants in hiding was I going to meet on this trip. "Saruman has poisoned the mind of the king and has claimed lordship over this land. My company are those loyal to Rohan, and for that we are banished." Well that answered the questions I had been planning to ask him about the 'trust no one in Edoras' speech. The horse lord kept walking around the remainder of the Fellowship. "The White Wizard is cunning. He walks here and there they say, as an old man, hooded and cloaked." The look he gave Legolas showed that out of the three, he trusted Legolas the least. Or maybe he was just jealous because Legolas was working the blonde hair in a prettier fashion than he was. I giggled into the back of my hand at that last thought, gaining me a look from the men in my immediate area. Legolas's and Aragorn's heads tilted slightly and their eyes scanned the crowd. I ducked my head down and hid behind a wider warrior. "We are no spies. We track a band of Uruk-hai westward across the plains. They have taken three of our friends captive." I mentally willed Eomer not to look back at me, but I saw his eyes briefly flash in my direction. "The Uruks are destroyed. We slaughtered them during the night." He kept his head turned my way and I was mentally trying to slap him. "But there were two hobbits, did you see two hobbits with them?" Gimli jumped in front of Aragorn. "There was a girl too," Legolas broke in. "A human girl." Eomer's eyes met mine, but I was trying to think of the best way to let them know I was sitting on a horse right there. "We left none alive." Dammit Eomer why would you go and say that. I gave him a look that clearly stated you should go find a hole to die in right now. My three friends looked crushed, and I wanted to kill Eomer even more. "We piled the carcasses and burned them." We all looked out into the distance where we knew the bodies were burning. I sighed and jumped off my horse before pulling it to the side, as I dodged the Rohan soldier as he pulled two horses towards the center. I knew I was going to have to admit I was alive sooner or later, it would be best to do it sooner. I heard Eomer shout for his riders, and the Rohan riders took off to the north. Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli watched them ride off. "We are going to have to face this eventually. We might have to face our worst fears, but we have to know what has happened to our companions for sure." Aragorn said, and all I could think was 'Turn around you idiots.' I whistled quietly for a second and waited. The three of them turned around and their eyes met mine. xXx Well there's the first part to second story. Reviews always appreciated and extra motivating. Let me know what you think.