Faramir did not care. "Yes, but I did not grow bigger." He flung his arms around Boromir's neck, toppling the other support pillar as he did so, but it did not matter for it had not worked anyways. "You do not have to grow bigger." Boromir beamed. "You are just the perfect size. Do you want to have your first riding lesson now?" "I'm too small to ride." Faramir's lower lip pouted just a little. "No." Boromir shook his head. "You are just the right size, in fact if you were bigger you would be too big, so it is really a good thing that you are not. Wait here, I shall go and fetch your noble steed." Faramir looked at him dubiously and Boromir gave him a confident smile and hurried to explain. "You are a noble prince you see, so you can not get your steed yourself, I shall fetch him for you." He darted out of the nursery and Faramir looked very confused, he felt very confused. He guessed that Boromir would let him ride on his back, but why did he have to leave the nursery first then? It did not make sense, then again it was Boromir doing it, so perhaps it was not strange that it did not make sense after all. Then Boromir came back, and with him he had Denethor's big hound on a leach. No it was not a leach, it looked more like a bridle and reins. Faramir giggled because the big dog looked very funny. A part of an old blanket was across his back and tied into pace with a strip of blanket under the belly, just behind the front legs. There was also another strip of cloth that formed a sort of stirrups on his sides. The bridle and reins was also made out of strips of an old blanket. Findulias hid her smile behind her hand, to imagine what Boromir could come up with to make his little brother happy. She knew of no one else who would think of transferring the large hound into a noble steed. "All noble horses have silly names, so he shall be called king now." Boromir told Faramir. "Come now, I shall help you mount, and then you can learn to ride." Faramir darted over and Boromir lifted him up to sit astride the hound, helping him to get his feet into the blanket stirrups. Again Findulias strove not to laugh at the look the big dog gave Boromir. It was a very big hound, but even tempered and he had played with Boromir before. After having been forced into the saddle and bridle he clearly thought that he might as well accept the child on his back. "There Faramir, now you look like a real prince." Boromir praised his little brother. "And you ride better than I do." Faramir giggled so hard that he nearly fell off, but it appeared that Boromir was ready for he steadied him in time. The hound was lead around the nursery by Boromir, and after making sure that Faramir held on Boromir even urged him into a trot for a short time. Faramir laughed loudly and Findulias laughed as well. Then they slowed down again for Boromir knew that should he fall off onto the stone floor his little brother could hurt himself. When he once again lead him around slowly, Denethor entered the nursery, he stopped in the doorway and stared at the sight of Boromir leading his dog along, and Faramir riding on his back. "So that was why Boromir wanted to borrow him." He noted to Findulias. "However does he manage to make the hound put up with it." "The dog loves the children." Findulias smiled. "And it is not every day that he gets to be called noble steed either. No doubt Boromir flattered him into it." "Only Boromir would think of something like that." Denethor said with no little amusement in his voice. "He takes good care of his little brother." Findulias smiled. "He has been very careful the whole time so that Faramir would not fall off." "Look father, Faramir rides very good." Boromir cried as they went over to them. "Have you ever seen anyone ride so good before father." Faramir seemed to be on the brink of falling of with laughter, but Denethor agreed that Faramir rode very well. "I had thought that we would take your riding lesson tomorrow out on the Pelennor fields." He told Boromir. "That way you can ride on your pony, and Faramir can ride with me on my horse." Custom demanded that he took the heir with him, but not if the heir rode his own horse, and Boromir was skilled enough that they could ride out on the fields. Two awe struck faces looked up at him. "May Faramir really go with us?" Boromir asked. "Yes, he can ride with me." Denethor assured the two children. Faramir opened and closed his mouth several times, not being able to think of anything to say. "Thank you father." He finally managed. "Better make the most of your riding lesson now then." Denethor smiled at him. "So that you are prepared tomorrow." Both lads confirmed that they would, and Boromir hurried to continue the lesson. The next day Findulias followed outside and lifted up Faramir to Denethor before they rode of. Seldom had she seen a child with bigger and prouder smile than the one Faramir displayed now that he was allowed to ride in front of his father. Only one other came close Findulias decided as she watched them ride off, and that was Boromir's proud smiled as he watched his little brother there above him. Boromir took good care of his little brother. Another one who stood with Findulias and looked fairly relived was a big hound who now knew that he would not be made to act horse that day. The End Please review, the Cricket is hungry…