description was too vague…there were so many stars that could, with a little imagination, be clustered into a point! "No…not there." Ada placed one hand on either side of Legolas' head and tilted it down and to the left. "There." "Oh, yes!" he exclaimed. "Attached to a big square?" "That is right. It is named Dessangwedh and is easily seen and recognised—when it has once been identified," Ada added, teasingly. "Dessangwedh is a strange name for a constellation, is it not?" Legolas inquired curiously. Ada laughed. "Many of the stars and their gatherings have names that would sound illogical, were their past unknown—like Gwilwileth—and others are named after characters in history and legend." "And some are characters in history!" Legolas said gleefully, searching for Eärendil. "Yes," Ada agreed, "strange though it may seem." "Where is Gwilwileth, and why is it called that?" "Just to the north-east of Dessangwedh. Do you see how the stars are arranged in the shape of wings?" Legolas nodded. "It would be fun to be the person who named them all, I think," he remarked. "I wonder who it was." "Many Edhil—including your grandfather's grandfather, and Elu and Ingu themselves, if the old tales speak truly." "Did they name them all ?" Legolas asked, a little wistfully. "All that we can see—or almost all." "That was selfish. I wish Elbereth would make some more so that we could name them—it is not my fault that I was not born in the First Age, Ada!" "Perhaps someday we will find a small one that they missed, and you can name it," Ada answered, a smile in his voice. Legolas sat up, alert and excited. "May we? I would have to think very carefully—I've only ever named toys and foals and things like that…not anything like a star!" "I imagine the principle is similar," Ada said, rather dryly. "But for now, you must content yourself with learning the names your forefathers bestowed." Legolas nodded, but a sudden yawn prevented him from replying verbally. He blinked, surprised, for he had not previously been aware that he was tired. Ada shook his head. "You are growing weary, and your naneth will not be at all pleased with me if I do not bring you home." "No!" Legolas exclaimed. "I'm not ti—i—ired at all, Ada," he explained, as earnestly as he could through another jaw-splitting yawn. Ada smiled again. "I think you are." At the sight of Legolas' disappointed face, however, he relented. "One more constellation, then." He lay back flat on the grass, pulling Legolas with him. "Look straight up above us, directly up into the dome of the stars." Legolas obeyed, wondering at how the lights seemed to flash and blink and twinkle at him, for they had shone constantly before. "Do you see a shape like a great sickle, hanging far up in the sky?" Legolas nodded sleepily. "That is Odogelin, the most famous of all the giliath . Elbereth placed it far in the north as a challenge to Belegurth and it is a sign of her protection over us. "And that is enough for you tonight, sleepy-head." Ada stood and for a moment Legolas saw his figure outlined against the stars, seeming very large and powerful. Then he bent and lifted his wreath of night-scented blossoms, looking at it for a moment before placing it carefully on Legolas' head." "Do you…not…want it, Ada?" Legolas inquired drowsily. "It is too small for my head, pen-tithen ," Ada replied quietly, stooping down to pick up Legolas—still clutching his own garland—and carry him against his shoulder. Reaching up blindly to where he thought Ada's head was, Legolas set his flowers in place. "Mine was longer, 'cause I started first," he explained, burrowing his cheek into Ada's tunic. Thranduil straightened the garland with his free hand before thanking Legolas gravely. He turned to gaze up into the north and west and across the ancient stars whose formations were as familiar to him as any landscape, lips moving silently in an oft-repeated prayer. The gentler radiance of night stirred within him emotions and memories that nothing else could touch, and he was more pleased than he would have admitted that Legolas had begun to share his reverence for the stars. There was no reason why his son should have loved them less than any other Elf, but Thranduil knew that he would be deeply wounded if Legolas proved incapable of empathising with him in this respect. That incoherent attempt at explaining his feelings, however, had gone a long way to reassure him, as did Legolas' final valiant effort to battle sleep in order to bid the stars a temporary farewell, their light reflecting in his eyes as they flickered shut. "Another night we shall return, and I will show you Dôrmeduindor and Thorondûn, Anorrím and Míredhel—all of them, Legolas." He felt something move against his chest and knew that Legolas was nodding in agreement. "Nice," he murmured, clutching the cords of Thranduil's shirt as he began to walk back through the forest toward home. Far away, fires gleamed between the boles, and Thranduil knew that somewhere, some of his people would dance through the night for as long as the stars shone. "Ada, why…" The small, muffled voice faded away and looking down, Thranduil saw that Legolas was fast asleep, rosy face buried in his father's chest and strands of golden hair spread across his shoulder. Thranduil watched his small son tenderly for a moment, then cast a final glance up at the stars, eternally glimmering above the glade. They smiled. Elvish translations: Hithaeglir : Sindarin name for the Misty Mountains glorellon: golden Elf child, a pet name Anor : Sindarin name for the sun Dor Rodyn : Sindarin name for Valinor Ithil : Sindarin name for the moon Belain : Sindarin name for the Valar Elenath: starry host Ada : Daddy pen-tithen: little one iôn nín: my son Belegurth : Sindarin name for Morgoth meaning "Great Death" Naneth : mother