to meet our son. We're calling him Samwise – Sam for short," said Bell. Bilbo gazed upon the child, marveling at his peace. Frodo peered out shyly from behind Bilbo. Bell was grateful for the clean cloths, sheets, and soap, but she wasn't quite ready for a full meal. She knew her children would appreciate the food, though; they had been with their mother all day. Fifteen-year-old Hamson perked up at the whiff of meat, cheese, vegetables, and muffins. Frodo carried a canteen of water in one hand, which he set down on a cluttered wooden table, and his blanket – "Hug" – in the other. He slowly walked up to Bell, brushing against Bilbo's side, hoping for an introduction. Bilbo put his arm around Frodo. "This is my nephew, Frodo. He's visiting for a few days." The Gamgee family all smiled and said hello to Frodo. This was his chance. "This is for Sam," peeped Frodo, handing Mrs. Gamgee the blanket. "I called it Hug, but he can call it whatever he likes." "I think Hug suits this blanket just fine." Bell took the humble gift, tears welling up in her eyes. The blanket clearly meant something to Frodo. She, the Gaffer, and the children were all surprised that a child would offer such a prized possession to a stranger. May rushed over, intrigued by the blanket's bright green yarn, and ran her hand over it. Bell added the blanket to Sam's layers, and rubbed it against his cheek. He gurgled and cracked a toothless smile. "He likes it!" Frodo was barely able to contain his excitement. He could feel the love and affection for the child emanating throughout the room. Maybe babies were boring, but they certainly made everything a whole lot better. After some more well wishes, Bilbo and Frodo said their goodbyes to the Gamgees. They exited the humble hobbit hole and began making for Bag End. The sky was pitch black and alive with stars. The night was chilly, and Bilbo wrapped Frodo in his extra cloak. "I'm very proud of you, Frodo," Bilbo said earnestly. "You really saved my skin. And it's not easy to give up something you love. Especially for someone your age." Frodo looked at the sky and thought for a moment. Finally, he said, "I think it's easier for someone my age to give up things. We've spent less time loving them, and have less memories to lose." He quickly added, "Besides, Sam could use Hug more than I could." When they reached home, Bilbo tucked Frodo into a bed in a special guest room he had been preparing. The down-feathered pillows were fluffed up and the knit quilt danced with complimentary colors. He was sitting down to read his nephew a goodnight story, when they heard yet another knock at the door. This one was soft, slow, and could almost be considered sad, if knocks had feelings. Bilbo rose, and of course, inquisitive Frodo needed to come along. The elder hobbit opened the door, and lo and behold, there stood Rorimac Brandybuck, Primula's brother, who had said he was too busy to look after Frodo. "Uncle Rory?" Frodo blinked a few times. Was he seeing clearly, or was he just tired? Uncle Rory lived at Brandy Hall in Buckland; what was he doing standing on the doorstep of Bag End in the middle of the night? Rorimac looked at his young nephew with deep compassion and pain in his eyes. "Frodo. Bilbo. There's been an accident," he began. Bilbo ushered him inside. They all sat down and Rory recounted the story of how Primula and Drogo had been boating on the Brandywine and somehow ended up in the river. They, like most hobbits, didn't know how to swim, and had tragically drowned. For Frodo's sake, he left out some of the more gruesome details already being spread by hobbit busybodies. During the telling, Bilbo gripped Frodo's hand tightly. Frodo looked down at the floor in disbelief. His imagination was running wild. Why couldn't Uncle Rory give him specifics? But then, he thought, maybe it was better if they were left unsaid. Rory tried to hug his nephew, but Frodo's slight body remained like stone. Bilbo offered to put up Rory for the night, a gesture that he gratefully accepted. Matters would be attended to in the morning after everyone could regain their focus with some sleep. Bilbo carried a motionless Frodo into the guest room and tucked him into bed once more. Frodo was not asleep, just numb with denial, rage, fear, guilt, and some feelings he couldn't name. Tomorrow he would have to return to Buckland with Uncle Rory, without his parents waiting for him. Never again would he taste his mother's love-filled meals or feel his father's strong, working arms lift him up. He didn't even get to say goodbye. Frodo resisted sleep until his fatigue became too powerful and overtook him. He fell into a restless slumber, visions from the day jumbling inside his mind's eye: goodbyes, travel, fun with Uncle Bilbo, a birth, and death. He didn't want to picture what happened, but his dreams forced him to. He was at the bottom of what he thought was the Brandywine River. He was swimming downward, trying to catch a glimpse of his parents' faces. Were they buried in the sand? The murky water stung his eyes. He saw an object glittering, gold and stuck in the sand. He saw a body falling, falling to the bottom. It was a male hobbit! His father? Frodo hoped so. The figure's face was down, and Frodo extended a hand to him. His head tilted up, and his hood revealed blonde hair and green eyes. Frodo's mind didn't know who this hobbit was, but his heart told him it was baby Sam, all grown up. Sam limply grasped Frodo's hand and was pulled to safety. The golden object remained in the sand, forgotten until it was remembered. The End.