as he launched toward the man. The man laughed, stepping aside as Thannor attacked him, "Now lover, is that any way to treat your Master?" "Master?" Came the growled reply as Thannor spun to attack once more. "You will never be my Master you beast!" The pain was instantaneous, bringing him to his knees, his vision blurring. His body suddenly on fire with need for the creature before him. He moaned as he reached for anything to help him end this torment. His fingers fell on flesh, the electric tingle sending ripples of pleasure and lust flowing through him. His vision cleared and the pain returned to a tolerable level as his eyes met pale flesh. "See? What did I tell you lover? I am the cure to what ails you." Thannor lifted his eyes to meet the red ones only inches from his own. He closed his eyes, melting into the touch that awaited, hating himself and all he was for wanting this creature. He could not stop what was coming, and his body did not want it to. His mind however, took him to a place, free of anguish as it plotted. With his hands, mouth and body he loved the man, even as he searched for a way to kill the creature. The sex was hard, rough and Thannor tried to keep his mind separate from the growing connection. Trying to clear his mind long enough… there! His fingers brushed against Kylyrie's boot. He bucked up against the man, sending pleasure rippling through them both. The man cried out in ecstasy as he rode the blacksmith. Thannor's fingers closed around the hilt of her boot knife. I avenge you my love. He thought as he extracted the small blade from her boot. He waited only moments before plunging the knife into the man's chest. The man cried out but not in pain. The man moaned in ecstasy as the blade penetrated his flesh. He rocked hard onto Thannor's cock, releasing his essence against the elf's chest. He kept riding, his red eyes opening to look down into the blue hues of Thannor. :Now look what you have done… Pity… We could have had everything lover. Now... : The man shrugged, his hips stilling as his eyes narrowed. Thannor lay still, waiting for the man to kill him. He welcomed it, his heart in tatters, his mind raw and bleeding. He closed his eyes as the man lifted his hands to touch gentle fingers to Thannor's temples. Thannor screamed one last time as pain sent him into oblivion. The light hit his eyelids and he moaned, lifting hand to rub his face. Gods, what a nightmare. He thought as he turned his head. He stilled, the bed was too hard. The smell was wrong. His heart began to pound as he opened his eyes. Golden curls, soaked with blood met his vision. He moaned, his eyes involuntarily travelling the length of the blood caked strands to where his met hers. Empty. Lifeless. Dull. His cry of agony was matched only by the pain that now returned to his consciousness. His mind was on fire, burning along the channels he had not known existed before… yesterday? He looked wildly around, not knowing how long they had lain there. He rolled, curling next to her, staring into her vacant eyes. Tears streamed from his own as he stroked her face and clotted hair, "Forgive me… oh gods Kylyrie… forgive me." He sobbed until he could not any longer. He dared not look any further than her face, for he knew what lay nestled against her ruined form. His son… his precious boy. The pain in his heart was only matched by the burning inside his head. He did not care what happened as he lay there mourning them. Half praying something would come hunting the scent of blood and death. He did not move from their side as the sun rose, then set. Through the night he lay there, his hand continually stroking her face and hair, murmuring to her either endearments and promises or pleas for forgiveness. The sun was rose once more before he moved, his mind clearing for a moment as he the sane part of him cried out that they needed to be sent to the Havens. He pushed himself up, staggering as the pain in his head made the world dance and swim before his eyes. He moved into the forest, taking his axes which he found tossed near with their ransacked packs. He worked mindlessly, felling several small trees. Reducing them to usable size before carrying the logs back to create a pyre. All day he worked, collecting dead-fall and twigs. Building the last bed his beloved and their son would ever rest upon in this world. Each stick and branch placed with as much care as his weakening form would allow. Finally, as the sun was westering, he turned to collect them. Apologizing to them as he lifted them into his arms. Cold… so cold and stiff against his body. Tears fell unchecked down his face as he gently lay them on the pyre. He moved the tiny form of his son up to where Kylyrie could hold him safely as they began their journey to the Havens. He stood silently for a long while, looking at them as the sun sank behind the mountains. Finally, as true night came upon them he knelt, lighting the dry tinder at the base of the pyre. It caught immediately, flaring brightly as it spread through the base of the structure. He stepped back, watching as the flames licked higher. As the forms of his loves were engulfed, a deadly anger settled into his heart. He would find that creature, no matter how long it took… he would find him and he would kill him. He swore an oath to his Kylyrie and their son as he stood lonely sentinel until there was naught but ash.