agree to sit the pony, he had hastened back to the Hall bearing the news. It thus came about that many of the household 'happened' to be lingering in the vicinity of the entrance to the Hall. "What a handsome pony," called the Head Seamstress, who, "on account of the loveliness of the day," had brought her maidens outside to sew in the sun. The Head Cook had come outside to look over some patches of parsley, sage, rosemary, and thyme that grew near the door. "I think I shall bake a cake in the shape of that pony," he said approvingly, "although it will only capture the figure and not the grace of the creature." The Head Smith had come out to examine a door hinge that supposedly needed mending. "The fittings on that headstall are not ornate enough for such a fine steed," he opined. "I shall make him some new ones." "That's all very well for the pony," observed the Head Cobbler, who had come outside to see how some leather looked in natural light, "but let us not forget the rider. I shall measure her for new riding boots." "As to that," added the Seamstress, "for the young elleth I shall cut the pattern for a new cloak and sew it myself, with galloping ponies embroidered all about the hem." Arwen overheard every compliment, and she was beaming. Her Ada was there as well, but he had no need to say anything. He smiled proudly upon her, and she held her herself even straighter upon her pony. By and by, Glorfindel said that he had matters to attend to and would lead Arwen's pony back to the stable. Arwen's face turned woeful at those words, and Elladan, Elrohir, and Anomen, who had been 'playing' together nearby, volunteered with one voice to take turns walking the pony about the garden. And so they did, until Arwen was well and truly tired. Then Elladan and Anomen led the pony back to the stable and fed and curried him whilst Elrohir carried a sleepy Arwen inside. She would not fall asleep, however, until Roch had been found. Glorfindel had put him down upon a garden wall—"from which he may observe you, Arwen," the balrog-slayer said—and the creature had been overlooked in the general move to quit the garden. Arwen had remembered, however, when she put her hand out to draw him to her as she snuggled into her blankets. "My horse!" she cried. "My horse!" Anomen had come to bid her goodnight, and he went out at once to search for the misplaced toy. He found it a bit damp with dew but otherwise unharmed. Once Roch had been restored to Arwen, the little elleth promptly fell asleep. Perhaps she dreamed that night of galloping across endless fields. No one can say, but it is certain that from that day onward Arwen began to recover her delight in horses, and as she grew, she devoted every hour that she might to riding and caring for her steeds. When still a young maiden, she rode in and about Imladris until she knew the lands thereabouts as well as any scout. Some say that it was she and not Glorfindel who found the Ringbearer when he and his companions were being pursued by Ringwraiths as they fled toward sanctuary in Rivendell. Later, when she was espoused to King Elessar, she liked nothing better than to journey on horseback throughout the realm of Gondor. Often she was joined in that pastime by the Lady Eowyn, wife of Faramir, the Lord of Ithilien. "So well do you ride," Eowyn would tease the elleth, "that, were it not for your ears, I would be certain that you were a shield-maiden of Rohan. Truly, Arwen, I did not know that Elves were consummate riders until I met Legolas, and I think you are a better rider than even he!" "Oh, no!" protested Arwen, smiling, "not better than Legolas! He can manage both a stallion and a Dwarf, and at one and the same time." Those words provoked laughter from all spectators, amongst them Gimli himself. He stood and made a great show of bowing gallantly. "I am glad the Lady Arwen professes respect for a spirited Dwarf such as myself. I am sure I give Legolas much more trouble than any horse ever could." "I will not gainsay you, Master Dwarf," called Legolas. "You are more of a challenge than a veritable team of horses." "The first time ever I fell off a horse," continued Gimli, "I was quite sure that it would be my last. But Legolas would not give up on me." Arwen shot Legolas a grateful look. "Legolas," she said, "is not in the habit of giving up on anyone, as I have reason to know. You are not the only rider to have ever fallen from a horse, Gimli!" "Do you hear that, Legolas," cried Gimli. "I am not the only rider to have ever fallen from a horse." "True, Gimli," retorted the Elf, "but you must admit that you do so with inimitable style." "No doubt," replied Gimli, not the least nonplussed. "No one matches a Dwarf for style—that's certain." "Oh, yes," said Legolas dryly. "Quite certain." On some matters, he and Gimli never did see eye to eye, as it were. But on one subject they could agree. Glorfindel had been right: Arwen did become an 'accomplished' rider. In the end perhaps even her fall had proved to be a good thing. She knew the worst that could happen, and from that point on, she had nothing to fear and she never looked back. And so at last it came to be said that not even a Ringwraith's steed could ever have been a match for a horse ridden by Arwen Undómiel. Whether or not that race was ever run, I do not know, but of this I am certain: only a fool would have wagered on the Nazgûl.