rid of the heavy and constricting garments was comfort enough for him but the bed was soft and a large paddle attached to a long cord was drifting back and forth on the ceiling, producing a soothing breeze. His head ached but it was not the pounding that he had felt before. "I feel . . . better, thank you. How did I come here?" "One of the city guards brought you. He found you lying in the street when the crowds had moved on. At first he thought you were a child, but when he saw your garments and your feet he realised that you must be one of our Lord's halfling companions. He brought you here and then went up to inform the Citadel." An echo of panic rose in Frodo's chest as he remembered the street. It was the first time in his life that he had been truly alone. Even at the end, on Orodruin, without Sam or Gollum, still he was not completely alone for he had the other. It was not a friendly presence but it was one he had grown used to . . . a companion of sorts. But on that street in Minas Tirith, and even now, he was more alone than he had ever been in his life. Frodo swung his eyes rapidly back to the face of the healer, trying to find some anchor. It was a kindly face. But it was not a face he knew and Frodo could feel his breathing becoming quick and shallow as the loneliness rose up like a wave, threatening to drown him. His gaze began to dart about the room, desperate to find a familiar face. He could not be alone for, if he was alone, then the memories flowed in. How long had he been here? How long did it take for a guard to reach the Citadel and fetch someone back? "What if they are too busy in the ceremonies of the day to have time for me?" Frodo tried to lever himself up. "Perhaps I can meet them halfway." His voice sounded strange in his ears. Too high and breathless. Firm hands caught his shoulders, pushing him back into the pillows, and then moved to capture his head, turning it until he was looking into the healer's eyes. Aldern's voice was quiet but compelling. "Slow your breathing, Frodo Baggins. Breath with me now. In . . . out. Slowly. You are safe and your friends will be here soon. In . . . out. That is better. In . . . out. In . . . out." It seemed to Frodo to take hours but it was only a few minutes before Aldern had him reasonably calm. The kindly man settled at Frodo's bedside once more, turning to mix something to drink in a small feeder cup. "You have been too long in the sun for someone still recovering his strength. You are the one they call the Ring-bearer, are you not?" Frodo nodded. The exertions of the past few minutes had worn away what little reserves he had. "You underwent a great trial and your companions should have taken better care of you." He fed Frodo the sweet contents of the cup but, as soon as it was drained, Frodo leapt to his friends defence. "They bear no blame. There are more important things in motion today than the health of one small hobbit, who has not the sense to know when to come out of the sun. Gondor has a High King and a new age begins for Middle-earth. My part is over and I am glad to step down and let others take the centre of the stage. In truth, it was never my intention to be at the centre, but rather it was something that fell to me." Aldern pursed his lips and brought a hand to Frodo's brow. Obviously pleased with what he found there, he drew the sheet up to his charge's chest and covered it with a light blanket. He would have spoken again, were he not interrupted by another. "That the world has moved on to acknowledge another great deed does not make yours any less important, Ring-bearer." Gandalf strode quickly across the room, followed by a worried looking Sam and Frodo pushed upward with all his remaining strength, almost throwing himself into the wizard's welcoming arms. For several minutes there was no sound in the room, as Frodo buried his face in the wizard's soft white robes and Sam's familiar hand smoothed up and down his back in steady rhythm. Gandalf said nothing, only holding the small hobbit tightly. Within a few minutes he felt Frodo's body grow limp, his breathing become slow and shallow. Gently, he leaned the small body back and found Frodo's face in peaceful repose, his eyes lightly closed. Aldern produced another blanket and, with great tenderness, Sam and Gandalf wrapped a somnolent Frodo in it. "I gave him a tincture to help him rest. He will probably sleep through the rest of the day and may not wake until tomorrow morning. It would be best if he stayed abed for another day after that." Aldern's voice grew firm. "But he must not be left alone." Gandalf gathered up a firmly swaddled Frodo as Sam drew himself to his full height before the healer. "I'll see to that, sir. He'll not be lost or alone ever again if I can help it." Gandalf smiled across at the healer. "Have no fear, Master Aldern. Many will want to honour this little hobbit for his part in saving Middle-earth from the Dark Lord. But none will treasure him as closely as those who have the honour to call him friend. To them, Frodo Baggins is more precious than gold or titles. He is someone who would lay down his life to protect theirs. And they will do no less for him. He will not be alone." END 7