the king spoke his dream to our friends, Haldir became agitated. He claimed that by chance he had met a strange woman – you, whose dream in the night seemed much like unto that of my husband. Reluctantly, for though you did not ask it of him, Haldir considered your talk together a matter of confidence, he shared your dream with us as you had described it to him. Now, I must ask you, do you know Prince Legolas?" Feia shook her head firmly, trying to clear it, "We have hastened to a number of assumptions, my queen. First, we are discounting the possibility that the dreams might not be true. Second, they may have no relationship to one another save a coincidence of similarity. And third, neither dream may have any connection with Prince Legolas at all, despite his friends' concern for him. Certainly it would be odd if my dream did, for I do not know him and I know not why I should dream of him." But Feia did know, or at least she suspected, and fear lodged itself firmly in her heart – fear and wary anticipation. Such strange synchronicities were common enough to her people, but only between Concinnati. Could the one whose lifesong harmonized with her own be Legolas of Middle Earth? Could the hideous peril of her dream be the peril of her own life's mate? Feia shuddered, and felt Queen Arwen's arm tighten around hers. "I do not claim to know, Lady Serafé, but I think it unlikely that you would go haring off on a quest if you were not certain that your dream were true. My husband also, understands well his own mind. Elessar connects the dreams with Legolas and that is enough for me to believe that you also are connected with him. That makes you family, of a sort. And you are an Elf Friend," she smiled, amused, "though apparently you did not know that any elf can sense it." "I knew. I had forgotten it." Arwen continued more seriously, "We shall be friends one day I think, you and I, and I do not require a Foreseeing to predict it." Feia was startled again when the Queen touched her lips lightly with her fingertips then pressed those fingers to Feia's mouth saying, "Námarië, Feia of Middle Earth." XXX "Ada!" Legolas whispered hoarsely. He did not see it coming, and never could he have predicted the backhanded blow which sent him sprawling with its force, bound hands unable to break his fall. His head reeled and spun as his mind frantically grasped for anything in this nightmare that made sense. On a ragged gasp, Legolas breathed the question, "Ada, An?" Father, Why? This time he saw the booted foot aimed at his middle, but was helpless to defend against it. He was swallowed by pain as the wound in his side broke open again and only by a fingernail did he cling to consciousness. "You will not call me that, Traitor!" The voice was Thranduil's. It was – but so changed - so full of hate! "Did you think you could conspire against your people and all would be forgiven? I have no son!" "Hanna ilyae caita, Ada!" It is all untrue, Father! The second kick drove out all the air in his lungs and sent Legolas spiraling into gray oblivion. XXX Once again, pain was the first sensation Legolas perceived; pain in his shoulders, pain in his side, pain in his head, and a strange almost rhythmic pain like trails of liquid fire across his chest. It took some while for the elf to remember how to command his eyes to open and longer still for him to focus through the haze of blood and sweat that hindered his sight. What he saw made him fervently pray for blindness to return. Legolas had been suspended by his bound wrists from the limb of a beech tree, and now Thranduil wielded a heavy leather whip which he recklessly flailed against his son. The elven king's face was contorted in fury beyond reason and he shouted what sounded like mindless imprecations. Most of what Legolas could discern from his father's wild rant was meaningless to him: "Edainriel nae Fennas – Tarcaita aberethië tarcaita!" Lady of the Gates – Liar, and wife of one who lies! But other parts of Thranduil's tirade were all too clear and lodged a leaden weight of grief in Legolas's heart: "Nalyë ben-adar!" You are fatherless! "Nainú uindole!" I lament that you were ever born! Already, the whip had raised angry red welts in a pattern of suffering on Legolas's chest. One blow had even rent a slash across his brow from which a curtain of red flowed, making it appear to his eyes that his father moved through a sea of blood. It took all his last reserve of strength to form words at all, and he knew, now, that speaking would only bring more pain – but Legolas had no choice. He had to ask. He needed to know. "Anin pedo! Elenyasse ú-chebin nótimële?" Tell me! How have I failed you? Thranduil froze, his chest heaving, and his maddened eyes focused sharply on Legolas. "How?" slowly the elven king's face purpled with renewed rage, "How?!" he hissed, his voice low and dangerous. "You ally yourself with mortals against your people; you join yourself to a woman who would deny the elves Valinor. I have Seen it! And you dare to ask…you dare to…" with a hideous snarl, Thranduil raised his hand and lurched toward his helpless son. In that instant, in his father's eyes, Legolas read his end. "Ai! Naiú elyë, Ada!" Alas! It is not you, Father! Legolas cried. There was a sickening crack when Thranduil's hand, fisted around the heavy handle of the whip, connected with the side of Legolas's head. The blow spun the elven prince around and slammed his body against the beech's trunk, there to rest in stillness.