managed to disarm, if not kill me, had Anastor not intervened. And when Demil got the knife from him, Anastor jumped, unarmed, onto Demil's back. To give me time to recover enough from this," he pointed to his chest, "to be able to defend myself again. That was when Dannenion joined the fight too. They both fought bravely and we all would be dead if that were not so." By the time Legolas stopped speaking, both Galithil and Dolgailon were gaping at him. "You fought Demil?" Dolgailon asked. Legolas tensed and looked down, nodding. "With a sword? A knife?" "Anastor and I had one sword between us that we stole from the man when we escaped and I held it since I at least have some idea how to wield it..." "More than I thought if you could hold your own against someone like Demil," Dolgailon interrupted. "You must have fought very well to hold him off. I have never, not even once, beaten uncle Thranduil or Engwe sparring. Their experience, like Demil's, dates to the First Age." Legolas snorted bitterly. "So Demil reminded me. I was lucky, Dolgailon. Nothing more. At first, he tried to disarm me because he wanted to recapture Anastor and I and sell us to another group of men for still more gold. He wanted me as uninjured as he could manage and believed that I could not fight at all. When I fought better than he expected, he grew more serious, but he also believed by then that I would not kill him, because I had not taken advantage of several opportunities to do so. Several times, he left himself completely open, since he thought I would not take a killing blow..." "Then he was a fool," Dolgailon interrupted. "Never assume anything in a fight, Legolas, unless it is that your opponent is willing to kill you." Legolas only managed to nod in response to that. "Of course, obviously I understand why you did not take advantage of those opportunities to kill him. I am not at all certain that I could have killed him either. He was an elf, not an orc. Supposedly. But I am very pleased with your ability to analyze the fight. It sounds as if you fought well." He paused, shaking his head, but continued again before Legolas could more fully explain what really happened. "Neither Conuion's nor Tulus's report included a word about this fight, likely at the king's orders since you were involved. But I will speak to Anastor about his bravery," Dolgailon said. "You should," Legolas agreed, some animation returning to his voice. "He would be very pleased to hear from the realm's Troop Commander that he was brave. Hearing about his adar was very hard on him. He needs support right now." Dolgailon leaned down and placed a hand on Legolas's shoulder. "You do realize how brave your own actions were? You and Anastor freed yourselves, killing a man and holding off an elf. By keeping your head under remarkably difficult circumstances that few elves have experienced, you survived. True, Dannenion was badly wounded. You all were wounded, but warriors are sometimes wounded and you all did survive. No one died but the enemy. You won this scenario. And I find that very impressive. You did very well, Legolas." Legolas managed a half smile at him. "Thank you," he said quietly. He said nothing more. Dolgailon's words did spark a tiny bit of pride in him that he quickly dismissed. He was not certain it was appropriate to feel proud of anything that had happened. He still had not even managed to confess the worst of it, so Dolgailon might be of a different mind once he did. "Has your adar spoken to you about this Legolas?" Dolgailon asked. "Of course," Legolas answered quickly. Dolgailon looked at him doubtfully. Well, that reaction was somewhat justified and Legolas could not deny it. His father had spoken to him. He had drilled him on the facts surrounding this incident and then used what he had learned to interrogate Fuilin. Given how busy the king had been managing this situation, they had not specifically spoken about what Legolas had done and that suited Legolas fine. "Perhaps you and I should speak to the training masters about it as well," Dolgailon continued after a moment. Legolas's gaze snapped to his cousin and he drew a breath to protest. "To analyze some of the decisions you and Anastor made for the sake of discussing their advantages and disadvantages. It might help you to talk about it." "I will consider it. Unless that is an order. In that case, I will comply, obviously," Legolas replied stiffly. "It is not an order," Dolgailon replied. "I would never order you or anyone else to speak of something private. But Legolas, I think you should consider talking about this more. It is plainly obvious how uncomfortable you feel for fighting Demil. Guilty, even. I only want to do whatever I can to help you realize that what you did, you had both the right and the duty to do." Legolas nodded without looking at him. "I do understand that, Dolgailon. Adar told me that and so did Tulus and Conuion. And Dannenion. And Anastor. And even nana. Understanding it and truly believing it are two different things. I imagine time will help the most." Dolgailon studied him for a long moment and then leaned back against the tree. "I would say time and a little sleep, but since we are both in this garden rather than in our respective beds, I have no room to criticize you on that score." He turned his attention back to the stars. Legolas did the same. If Dolgailon felt guilty about Glilavan without even knowing everything that had happened, perhaps it was best not to burden him with even more. Adar/ada - Father/dad Naneth/nana - mother/mum ion nin - my son Daeradar - Grandfather Ellon/ellyn - male elf/elves