the obvious punishment!" Denethor thought about it for not more than a second, and in that time visualized several possible epilogues to the attempt at cleaning. "That would be a bad idea. It could be very dangerous for the statue. A lot could happen to it. Now it has a dappled effect, but at least it is still in one piece", he replied with caution. "Denethor dearest, what could possibly happen to the statue?" Finduilas asked, her eyes wide with surprise. "Well, it could be overturned; it could somehow lose an ear or a nose...", he offered an answer, with an almost whining tone. "You are exaggerating!" she exclaimed and started laughing again. "That statue is at least twenty times heavier than Boromir; how could he overturn it? And it's not made of finest porcelain – it is not that fragile." Denethor was silent for several moments, and his smile was dry. "I mean, well, my love, you see, there is nothing that is truly resistant to an eight-years-old... if you allow him enough time and imagination." He didn't say the rest of his thoughts aloud. Oh yes, the statues in the Armoury of the Citadel, the family heritage of the Stewards family, looked resistant too. Almost resistant. But in the armoury there are many different forms of armour and weapons. That is why it is called armoury, right? There are also axes. Fastened on the wall. For decoration. An eight-years-old might want to inspect an axe that he particularly likes. And if it is too high, he unties the cords that hold the axes. And the axes start to fall. Ooops ... "Hm, one day, you will tell me about adventures of certain eight-years-old, darling." Finduilas' voice stirred her husband from his thought and memories, which were clearly written on his face. He saw the amused look in her eyes. "Am I that transparent?" he asked plaintively. "Oh, yes. But only to me! And I am sure that you were a sweet eight-years-old." Finduilas smiled gently and laid her small hand over his. Her touch was always magical and he felt overwhelmed with love. Eru, thank you for this special woman and a wonderful family . "But let us return to our eight-years-old", she reminded him. "He needs a deterring punishment, but also to learn a lesson." Denethor thought a little bit further. Of course, she was right; he had also had something like that in mind. Punishment that was a purpose in itself, without any lesson, had no sense or meaning. And while he pondered his son's deed, the solution suddenly came. "The Harvest Holidays started last week, and he surely counted on much playing and little duties – as much as the weather allows. All right, we will leave him some time for playing... but during next month, he must spend half of his free time as a sculptor's apprentice. What do you think?" "I think it's a good idea", she said slowly and nodded. "A punishment which deprives him of having his own way all of the holidays, and yet is not too rigorous... and he will learn how much effort is put in a work of art; how precious it is. He will learn that such art is not for playing with. Excellent idea." She smiled. Yes, Denethor was satisfied too. The apprentice work would not be too heavy, there would also remain enough time for fun; and Boromir would learn that he got that duty and responsibility because of today's act. And he also knew his son well; the boy was often playful and rash, but also eager for knowledge. Denethor had no doubts that after this summer, Boromir would esteem artworks more. The Steward and his wife smiled to each other and stood up. Then they went towards Boromir's room, to have a conversation with him. -x-x-x- When his parents doused the small lamp and left his room, Boromir did not fall asleep instantly. In fact, he was not sleepy at all. When everything was put together, he had survived his fun quite well, he thought. He had expected that they would soon discover him – it was not that there were tens of children in the Citadel so that it was hard to find the one who did it. Actually, there were only six children: Boromir, Faramir – who was too small for that action, and children of some servants who lived in the Steward's house. That quite narrowed the selection for a culprit, because such an idea surely wouldn't cross adult minds. Did they have any fun at all? He couldn't imagine them in exciting and interesting situations. Poor adults . When he realised that his parents knew everything, Boromir tried all the possible sweet looks and convincing arguments he could muster to get by without any punishment. Fun is fun! And he hadn't mean to do anything bad, had he? But it didn't work. The adults in his life sometimes just did not understand what it was to be young. Boromir couldn't judge exactly how angry they had been. In any case, they were very serious. But the punishment surprised him a little. When he saw that punishment was inevitable, he expected forbiddance of playing and visiting friends, or perhaps some additional studies or home duty. But this... hm . It was not bad; they didn't forbid him anything. But then, a month as sculptor's apprentice... a month during which he could've played more. He sighed, and frowned in an imitation of Haldar reacting to bad news. It would be so good if he could have it all... -x-x-x- ...and a month later, although the work was sometimes difficult and not always interesting, Boromir concluded that he was glad for spending that time in sculptor's studio. And he knew that he wouldn't doodle on statues any more. But on the other hand, the world was full of other games and fun, wasn't it? Especially when you are eight years old...