once more. Legolas laughed lightly in response, his voice derived of any real mirth as he replied with a hiss, twisting the other's arm hard. "Somehow I doubt that they will believe you rather than me." Yanking the man, the two of them disappeared into a back street. Forcing the assassin around to face the front, the wood-elf dragged him uncaringly forward, until they left the crowds of people behind and Aragorn's voice faded to a murmur. Ducking in a dingy looking alley way a couple of streets away, Legolas thrust his captive in. "Why are you trying to kill King Elessar? Who put you up to this?" Legolas asked in a foreboding tone. Twirling the man around in one sure movement, the elf slammed him up against the wall with a loud thud. Shoving the other's legs apart, he placed his own in-between and crushed the man's arms up against the wall, effectively hindering the man from much movement. "I am not going to ask again," Legolas growled as the man remained silent before smashing him up against the wall again with enough force to break his noise as the man moved suddenly, bucking in an attempt to escape. "Stay still!" "You do not-," the man hissed back, his voice thick through the blood now streaming from both nostrils. Abruptly bringing his head back, the assassin whammed it into Legolas' face. The elf automatically jerked, his hands releasing their tight hold just long enough for the man to wrench free. He purposefully fell backwards, crashing into the elf and sending them both staggering back into a pile of crates that lined the wall. The boxes splintered and cracked under their combined weight and the uppermost one toppled over, sending its contents of dead fish, along with their foul smell, to slap roughly against the stone as well as the elf and the man. Legolas, who had landed on bottom, took a wheezing breathe and attempted to ignoring the sharp pain in his back from the wood. Getting his legs under him, he kicked the man full in the chest with enough force to send him crashing down the ground a few feet away. Stumbling upright, Legolas launched himself at the downed man, his fist raised. The human scrambled back, only to find himself backup against the wall with nowhere to go. Thrusting a hand into his inside tunic pocket, he gripped a small knife. It was hardly the length of his hand, but it would suit his purpose. The prince's fist slammed into his face and he saw stars as his head hit the rough stone and brick of the wall. Doubling over with pain, he slipped the knife into his fist, clenching it with enough force to cut circulation from his fingers. Legolas had also drawn his knife, but in contrast to the human, he had flipped his over so he was holding the sharp end and the handle was down. He meant to only stun, not to kill. Lunging forward once more, the elf raised the blade. Surging up, the man and Legolas meet in a clash of bodies. Jamming his weapon down, the man felt it pierce flesh and smiled. A moment later the elf's knife slammed into his head and he fell forward, stunned from the hard blow. Legolas let a small gasp leave his lips as icy pain flared through his upper thigh where the knife had stuck him. Landing on one knee next to the sprawled man he hissed. Looking down at the small weapon embedded in his flesh, he yanked it out with one swift, sure, movement. The man next to him moaned softly as he began to come back to his senses and Legolas smiled. A small wound was a small price to pay for the capture of the man. Getting awkwardly to his feet to knock the man out for good, Legolas cursed as his leg buckled and scent him crashing back to the ground. Something was wrong, his leg should not have given out like that. Cursing again, he staggered back upright. The knife clutched in his hand dropped from his suddenly numb fingers and fell to the ground with a clatter as his vision began to blur. His back thumped against the crates and he leaned on them for support with gritted teeth. His leg was locking up and refusing to carry his weight despite his urgent need to use it. The man slowly picked himself up from off the earth, his breathing harsh and haggard as he swiped at the blood adoring in his face. Legolas felt the first dregs of fear prick his heart as the man smiled cruelly down at him, feeling like he was missing something drastically important. Stopping a few feet in front of the prince, who was clutching to the wood in an attempt to stay up right, the assassin bent down to face level. "You lose," he whispered with contempt. Legolas shook his head like a dog, trying to get anything to focus, but everything was growing fuzzy and the man's face swirled in front of his eyes despite his best efforts. A ring of black had grown around the edge of his vision as his wound flared with agony. It pulsed along with his heartbeat and together the two began to drown out all else. The elf frowned as the distorted figure leaned in and tried to pull away but he couldn't tell if his body was doing its part. The man's lips moved oddly, sending one word echoing faintly in the back of the elf's mind. "Poison." And then everything went black and all he knew was that he had failed Aragorn. TBC... Well, that started out with a bang... If you were by a small, small, chance missing my cliffies then there is a gift to you. :) Just a note, I will post sometime next week but it might be Wednesday or Saturday instead of Friday. :)