hand on his son's cheek. "Don't thank me, Cel. You deserve this, and so much more. You really have grown. I am so blessed to have you as a son." Celeberyn smiled. "You make me sound way too good, Ada." His smile slowly disappeared as he remembered the strange feeling he had in the morning. "Ada….I can't help but feel a darkness growing. The light fades from the sky." At that moment, Thoronbel burst into the kitchen, out of breath and dripping with rainwater. "My king!" He expression is one of pure horror, which seized Thranduil's heart. "An army of 50,000 orcs is headed towards the palace at a rapid pace. They'll be on us in less than an hour." "What?" The king's eyes flashed. "Prepare to attack. Divide our forces among attacking and defending. I want the palace heavily guarded, inside and out. No orc will dare penetrate our walls." "Yes, My lord." Thoronbel left swiftly to carry out his orders, while Legolas tugged on Thranduil's sleeve worriedly. "Ada? What's going on?" The king knelt down in front of his son, looking him in the eye. "Listen to me, Legolas. You are going to stay in your room and I will send for Handir to be with you. No matter what, do not leave. Do you understand?" The elfling's lower lip quivered as he heard the fear in his father's voice, the small plates in his hand and beautiful cake forgotten. "Ada, where are you and Cel going?" "We're going to leave for a little while, but we'll be back before you know it, honeg," Celeberyn replied, brushing the elfling's cheek. "Now listen to Ada, okay?" Thranduil carried Legolas to his room, where he sent for Handir and tried to comfort his son the best he could. How can he explain war to such an innocent child? Legolas should not have to see death at this age. His heart broke for the elfling, whom he wished he could raise in a time of music and light. "No matter what happens, you have to be brave, little leaf," Celeberyn whispered, touching foreheads with his brother. "Promise?" "I promise," Legolas whimpered. The king and prince pulled themselves away and hurried to the armory, fear filling the air so it was almost tangible. Thranduil's eyes reflected all the horror he felt. A huge army of orcs, now? What is going on? Those cowardly spawns of Mordor have always been too afraid to attack the palace directly. There was only one explanation – there must be some other power coming, so strong that the orcs believed they could take down Mirkwood. The thought filled Thranduil with fear, but he stubbornly shoved it out of the way. He must protect the kingdom. He had faith in his warriors. They will not fall. Thranduil suddenly had a horrible flashback to the Last Alliance. He remembered the terrible darkness that seemed to envelope and choke him, and the scream of the orcs as they closed in. He remembered his Ada dying in his arms, and returning home with barely a third of his army, all stumbling blindly through the forest. He remembered the horror, pain, and grief that left him numb, the only thing keeping him anchored to the world was his wife and son. Gladhwen may have already passed, but I still have Cel next to me. And Legolas too. As a father, I must protect them and give them a life full of light. Thranduil and Celeberyn armed themselves with bows, swords, and knives. There was no time for armor. Then they ran out into the courtyard, where they realized that the sky had grown almost completely dark and rain was pouring down relentlessly, as if the heavens were crying in despair. "My lord," Thoronbel bowed to the king and prince. "The forces are stationed as you ordered. We are ready." "Good." Thranduil, Celeberyn and Thoronbel hurried into the forest where the frontlines were stationed. The perfect rows of elven warriors dressed in gold armor smiled proudly as their king and prince arrived to join them. Even the dark rain couldn't dampen their spirits. The first thing Celebeyrn heard was stomping and laughing of thousands of orcs, then strained to see through the thick sheets of rain, eyes widening as the army came into view. He had never seen so many orcs in one place before. His blood froze and he couldn't help but fear that they might not be able to hold the palace. Thranduil yelled the command and thousands of elves nocked an arrow, releasing as one. They shot in rapid succession, able to accurately shoot six arrows in a single second. Still, the orcs surged on, undaunted by the fact that their fellow warriors were falling left and right. When the creatures were too close for shooting range, the elven army drew their swords and engaged the enemy, while archers stationed in the trees continued to use their bows. It was an amazing sight, as gold clashed with black and weapons flashed in the elven warriors' graceful yet deadly dance. "Whatever you do, stay next to me," Thranduil instructed his son, as he sliced the head clean off an orc. Celeberyn grinned and ducked, plunging his sword into another one's stomach. He spun and blocked a blow towards his head, in turn slicing the creature's throat. But before he could respond to his father, a terrible roar sounded overhead. Thranduil's heart froze in fear. No. No way. Celeberyn glanced over in terror at his father. "Ada?" It can't be . Please. Not on my kingdom. The king slowly raised his head up towards the rain, and saw a sight he wished he could forget. "Dragons." TBC Oh no...what's gonna happen next? I hope you'll stick around to find out! So what do you think? Good? Bad? I promise the action will come in the next chapter! Thank you all again so much for reading! You're all amazing! Leave a review? :D