into me'. Again he shivered. Gandalf looked upon him with understanding. "Ah," the wizard said shrewdly, "you are remembering the times that Saruman has sought to welcome you into his circle." "Either that or slay me," retorted Legolas. For when Saruman was thwarted, his thoughts had turned to murder. One time the turncoat wizard had very nearly succeeded, when his machinations had resulted in a young Legolas being thrown into the icy waters of the Isen. Conversation between Istar and Elf was interrupted when Aragorn knocked upon the door. Gandalf waved him to a seat and offered him a goblet of wine. Aragorn politely declined. "My head is all in a whirl, Gandalf. Should I quaff that beverage, I am sure I should be utterly incapable of sensible thought." "In a whirl, eh? I should have expected a more sober response on your part. You do know that you are leading a company south, toward the realm of the Dark Lord?" Aragorn gave Gandalf an odd look. " I am leading the Company? Gandalf, I thought—" "Yes, yes," Gandalf said hastily. "Of course. I am the oldest and wisest of the Company. I will be its titular head, to be sure. But, Estel, you must know what is at stake. The destruction of the device of the Enemy is but the prelude to the restoration of the estate of Man. And you, Estel—" "Aragorn," interrupted the individual in question. "Aragorn, yes, but I want you to remember that you are Estel just the same," Gandalf said patiently. And it anything should happen to me—" "Nothing will happen to you," Legolas interjected quickly. "Nothing could happen to you." Gandalf paused and looked sideways at Legolas. "Nothing, eh? I wish nothing would happen to me." He returned his attention to Aragorn. "Whatever my fate may be, it is you, Aragorn, whoare heir to the throne of Gondor. It is not my task to lead Men—no, and it never was. So you had better get used to the fact that you are no 'mere Ranger', as some would prefer to believe. Moreover," continued the wizard, adopting a more light-hearted tone, "you ought not to forget that more than the crown of Gondor is at stake. Permit me to whisper the name 'Arwen' into your ear." Aragorn's hand at once went to his throat, and Legolas knew that the Man clutched at the pendant that lay hidden beneath his tunic, a jewel gifted to him by the daughter of Elrond. After a moment he dropped his hand and absent-mindedly laid hold of the hilt of his sword. "I will think upon what you have said," he murmured with a distracted air. He arose, inclined his head slightly, and strode from the room. Gandalf smiled fondly at his retreating figure. "He has been preparing for this moment all his life, Legolas. He is excited and eager, but fearful, too. At the Council, much was made of the burden that Frodo must carry, but Aragorn, too, bears a heavy burden. I can rely upon you to help him carry it, can't I, my lad?" "I am surprised you find it necessary to ask, Mithrandir. You know I would do my utmost to aid either of you." "Good," said Gandalf briskly. "You will start by being agreeable to the Dwarf—well, more agreeable, anyway," the wizard added hastily at the sight of Legolas' face. "Need you be so obvious about your dislike for him and your distrust of Dwarves in general?" "I will try to be more subtle, Mithrandir," Legolas muttered. 'But the Dwarf makes it difficult', he added to himself. "I would also be glad," the wizard continued, "if you would call me Gandalf. The Hobbits and the Dwarf have always known me by that name, and Aragorn now prefers to address me by it as well. As much as possible, we ought to all speak alike. Doing so may help bind us into a Fellowship—and it is necessary that we be a Fellowship, regardless of any differences that may have divided us in the past." Gandalf gave Legolas a sharp look, and the young Elf felt the tips of his ears grow warm. Not for the first time, he wondered whether the wizard shared distant kinship with Galadriel. Both had the unnerving habit of divining his thoughts, no matter how carefully he cloaked them. "If you wish to be called Gandalf, then that is how I shall address you," the young Elf said a little stiffly, "although I don't see why. Mithrandir is a perfectly good name." "Aye, and so is Gandalf," retorted the same. "Better, really, for it only wastes two syllables instead of the three. For we shall want to save our breath to cool our porridge, my lad—at least as long as we have the luck to enjoy a bowl. I expect before the end we shall have to break fast on many a less delightful dish. Speaking of dishes, I am hungry again. See if the Cook would give us something to eat, that's a good lad." "You have become very nearly a Halfling," Legolas teased him, "always thinking of your next meal." "And in the days to come," Gandalf retorted, "it may behoove you to get into the habit of doing likewise. Meals may become an irregular occurrence before you have seen the end of this little adventure." Later that evening, after sharing a second dinner with Gandalf, Legolas strolled back to the chamber he shared with Tathar. He burst into the room reciting poetry, and he leaned out the window serenading every maiden who passed by. For weeks Tathar had fretted over the gloominess of the Prince; now he feared that he had given way to excessive levity. Tathar had already heard the news that Legolas would be a part of the Fellowship. "Your father," he warned, "is going to be very angry." "I know," Legolas replied cheerfully. "But," he added with a grin, "I won't let that affect me!"