him :I'll tell ya what, if I could figure out where that voice was coming from, I'd be beating the snot outta IT. Although the guy on the floor, and three of his back-up had a different goal. One of them helped the one I konked in the face off of the floor and the other two were on me like cats to catnip. One came up from behind me and held my arms while the other proceeded to punch me in every available area. : Kick 'em! Now : Gee, like that never crossed my mind.That was the first thing I thought of, wise ass! : Sorry, I thought I was helping...:That freakin' voice said again. I managed to hoist my legs up high enough to make my booted foot contact with the guy's chin, leaving behind it's wake a large CRACK : Nice work : Finally, some praise. Praise that was short-lived, however, cause that wanker caught onto what I was planning and grabbed my leg as I tried for a second time. Shit! "Whatcha gonna do now, little wench?" the one that held my feet said. Wench! Exactly what time period does this freak think he's in! I grinned. "This you sonofabitch!" I hollered, twisting my body and freeing my feet. I kicked the jerk in the gut this time, real hard. I used him as a hollering wall to vault myself over the other guy, then I wrapped my arm around his neck, trying my hardest to block off his air supply. But what made it difficult to do any good damage to their heads were the masks they wore. Skin tight it seemed. An oddly familiar... White mask...reddish brown hair...hang on a minute..! Halloween! Michael Myers! : Who gives a turkey what the mask resembles! Beat the shit outta 'em: And then it happened. It was over in a split second. The one I klonked with a chair had picked me up and thrown me back into the living room, where I collided with the overturned coffee table and slid across the floor. Once my vision stopped spinning, I saw that they were standing around me. One of them had my laptop. "You think this..." he indicated the laptop, "...will stop us?" I think he was the shortest of the four, and he had a higher pitched voice, almost female. He then threw it at me and it just barely grazed my temple, thank god. "That's right," another said, slightly taller than Ms. Man. "And here I thought we had gotten rid of all of your kind." What the hell is this wackjob talkin' about? "Don't think that you're going to stop us." Another one said. He was the tallest and he had a voice that dripped with venom each time he moved his lips. Then the second tallest, pulled out from behind him a butcher knife. A very long butcher knife, mind you. He leaned over me, and I was about to thrash out but the other three knuckle-busted me in the mouth, the stomach, and in the knees before they held me down. The big one with the knife thrust it into my abdomen, and just missing any vital organs as the cold steel slashed through my skin. "Go ahead. Try and scream for help. It won't do you any good." He finished this statement by jamming that same knife into my left shoulder, coming out the back of the shoulderblade and into the hardwood floor, pinning me in that spot. I couldn't move. Seems they would rather I die slowly...to bleed to death... "And even if anyone did hear you scream, they'd be too late by the time they found you..." After a moments pause he slowy backed away and stood up, not long after the others soon followed. "Oh by the way," he stopped at my doorway and turned around, "say hello to the devil for me when you reach Hell's Gates!" The others just laughed and went out the door. They didn't even catch the curses I sent their way. I can't just lie here and bleed to death, but I only have one option... : Wait. What are you planning : Wait and see... I tossed my head from side to side, looking for something to bite into. Nothing. Damn. Figures. With my right hand I grabbed the handle of the knife. I took a few breaths before I jerked. And jerked. By the third attempt the knife slid out, and the crimson liquid continued to flow. I don't know how I got the phone off of the table, or how I dialed 911, but somehow I did. "911, what is your emergency?" a peppy girl asked over the line. I winced as I felt my body slide down again, beside my probably now crushed laptop and a duffel bag that had lord knows what is in it. If it wasn't for the incredible pain that I was in, I might have laughed at that. I head the girl ask the same question again when I started to see black spots before my eyes. Oh shit. Not good. I was going to answer but my voice was gone. I couldn't even so much as whimper as I slipped into darkness. : This isn't good! I won't let you die : It's too late, you stupid voice. : No it's not : The last sounds I heard was the operator and the drizzling rain. Oh come on, it can't rain all the time... Elfbrat18: Okay, well that's it. Sorry the ending was like the first, but that was one of the few things that I was genuinely happy with. I hope it's not too long. Whistler: Yeah, we gotta make sure to start making chapters shorter...so, um yeah. All we're going to ask for is 3 reviews. We wanna know if we should continue this or not. That's it. Just 3. Until then we're going to work on the others.