I am not late, where be all the folk?" "Gone." "Gone? Oh, have they departed for the forest to celebrate one of those uncanny elvish rites of theirs?" "No, Gimli." "Are the lot of them berry-picking—even the King?" "No." "Well, durn it all, lad, where be they?" "Gone." "I know that. Gone where ?" "West," Legolas said reluctantly. "West?" Gimli stared at Legolas, trying to think what would draw the Elves to the West. To his sorrow, he knew that no Elves still dwelled in Lothlórien—alas! he would never forget his pain when he bade Galadriel a final farewell! So, too, the Rivendell Elves had abandoned Imladris—even Elrohir and Elladan, who had lingered after Elrond's departure but at the death of their sister Arwen had at last gone to join their father and Celebrian, the mother from whom they had for so long been parted. There was of course the Shire, but the Dwarf knew that Thranduil had no interest in that place. Suddenly Gimli gasped. "You, you don't mean the Grey Havens!" Legolas nodded. "Legolas! If your kin have gone to the Grey Havens, why are you still here?" "Not all my kin have departed for the Havens," Legolas said pointedly. Gimli was speechless for a moment, but then he began to splutter. "Legolas! Betake those pointy ears of yours to the stables. You are a good rider, lad. If you hurry you can catch up with them!" "I thought you said that I was a poor rider," said Legolas lightly. "Legolas! Do not jest! Go and rejoin your people." Legolas shook his head. "Nay, Gimli, I do not wish it." Gimli had dwelt long enough with the Elves to understand what was at stake. "You can not do this, Legolas. You cannot!" "I see no reason why I cannot," Legolas said calmly. "Galadriel was right. She said that you were a jewel among Dwarves. Do not be surprised, then, Gimli, if I am loathe to be parted from such a treasure." Now it was Gimli's eyes that shimmered with unshed tears. "Legolas," he said softly. "Be you sure? I am naught but one of the Naugrim, the last of a vanished people. When I am gone, who will you have?" "It is what I will have that will matter then, Gimli. I will have my memories, and memories are eternal. I shall never be alone." Gimli shook his head sadly. "'Tis a great sacrifice, you make, Legolas. You are quite sure?" "Quite sure, Gimli. I will not say that I make no sacrifice, but had I left you, that would have been a sacrifice as well. So do not upbraid yourself, my friend! 'Tis my choice, and I hold it a good one." "I hope you do not come to regret your choice," Gimli said doubtfully, "for then you might come to hate me." Legolas shook his head. "I think," he smiled, "that if you haven't succeeded in driving me away by now, that there is little hope of your doing so in the future. You certainly tried your utmost when we were first thrown together as part of the Fellowship!" "I tried my utmost? I tried my utmost! I hope you remember, princeling, that you were not overmuch concerned with making yourself agreeable!" Legolas laughed. "I do not deny it. We have surely come to our friendship in a most roundabout manner!" "Oh, yes," agreed Gimli, likewise laughing. "Very roundabout! From Rivendell through Eregion, up the slopes of Caradhras and down again, through the mines of Moria and on to Lothlórien, down the Anduin, then back north again through Rohan, to the very eaves of Fangorn Forest, thence to Edoras, and then Helm's Deep, and back to Fangorn, to Isengard this time, and then back to Edoras—" "Peace, Gimli," said Legolas, smiling. "Your recitation of the journey will take nearly as long as the journey itself." "Do you know," said Gimli, suddenly thoughtful, "I should like to visit some of those places again. I know they will have changed, but, well, not all of the magic can have fled. Surely, in Lothlórien, now, there must be some memories of the folk that once dwelt there." "Yes," agreed Legolas. "It will be long ere the trees altogether forget the Galadhrim who once graced the Golden Valley. There we shall go, and we shall rest once more in Caras Galadhon, upon a time the heart of elvendom in Middle-earth. "And where now is the heart of elvendom?" asked Gimli suddenly. "Here," replied Legolas, placing his hand upon his chest. "Well," said Gimli, smiling a little, "I shall have to avoid breaking any more of your ribs, then, shan't I?" Legolas stared at him. "You knew?" "Aye, lad. I did. Heard you gasp when I landed upon you. Saw how stiffly you held yourself for several days after. Knew you wouldn't like it mentioned, though, so I held my peace." Bemused, Legolas shook his head. "Frodo once told me of some words uttered by Gandalf. 'Hobbits', the old wizard said, 'really are amazing creatures! You can learn all that there is to know about their ways in a month, and yet after a hundred years, they can still surprise you'. I may say the same thing about you, Gimli. I have known you long, but you are forever catching me off guard. It is one reason why I will not part with you, my friend. I am sure that you will continue to delight and amaze me!" Gimli blushed. "Well, you are predictable, anyway. You've never yet passed up an opportunity to make one of your fine speeches. But enough of this banter. Hadn't we better be a bit more practical? If we are to retrace our journey, don't we need to make some preparations? Packing food and spare gear—that sort of thing?" Legolas laughed his agreement. "Very well, Gimli. Let us gather the supplies for our journey." 'And then', the Elf added to himself, 'I shall gather up memories'.