His eyes wandered everywhere but to his father's eyes. (I do not know what you are talking about.) "Do not play foolish now, Legolas. We both know we have had certain disagreements in the past few centuries, but I do not believe we should quarrel over that matter any longer. Man na ned gobennas, dartha ned gobennas." Thranduil drew near his son, but he would turn away. (What is in the past, belongs in the past) "I cannot simply push away the past. I cannot ignore what had been done." "What was done was in the name of our Realm." Thranduil's words were merciless from now on. Legolas felt a lump in his throat as he tried to hold back the mean words rushing up. He gave one last disappointed look to his father and then started walking back to his chamber. "Don't you dare walk away from me!" said Thranduil. "You know what needed to be done to save the Realm and that is what I did." That made the Prince turn back to his father with rage in his eyes. "Another grudge is not the way to save the kingdom. That is not freedom, it is fear." "What was done cannot be undone. And as you can see for yourself, we are in peace right now. The last thing I would want is another war we have to fight for no reason at all. Why would I put my people through that again?" "Binding with the Elves on the South would be an advantage for us. In times as such, when evil is regaining its strength, the inhabitants of Middle Earth must unite and defeat the enemy jointly," Legolas said, his voice was broken and weak. "To keep our lands clear and safe is our highest priority at the time. Other lands are not my concern and they should not be yours either." Thranduil's eyes have become cold once again. "My kin is my concern. People at these halls right there might be blind when it comes to your greed and selfishness, but I will not forget when you rejected those helpless families from Lorien," Legolas whispered. "You know what day it is today?" Thranduil looked at his son with bewildered eyes. "It is the 350th anniversary of the time the people of Lorien entered our Realm in the time of despair and need. And you let them down. You turned your back to those helpless people." Legolas's voice was restrained, yet daring. He knew he was pushing the boundaries with his father here, but he had to say what has been on his mind lately. It was only fair that they have a clean and honest relationship. "You have no right to say these things. I am the King and I will run my business as I wish. Ego! You are not welcomed here tonight anymore," Thranduil roared as Legolas already began to walk towards his chamber. (Be gone!) "Di gûr," Legolas whispered to himself. (With pleasure.) Even though the conversation with his father did not end well, his conscience was pleased. The unspoken words came forth again. Although Legolas knew it took time and effort to maintain this kingdom and to run it flawlessly; that is why, in some way, he understood Thranduil. He knew his father was the right one for the job. But sometimes, just sometimes, he really loathed that merciless nature of his. Although, above all, the king had a reputation to maintain, and openly showing his feelings was not helping him with doing so. Nobody wanted a lousy king, having a soft point for something, for once the word of it is spread the enemy can use it against you. Legolas rushed back to his chambers where he undressed himself. He lay on the bed only with a thin tunic and breeches on. All this pressure was sometimes too hard for him to handle. Maybe he was royal blood, but in his spirit he was free and did not belong in those halls, locked up like a bird in a cage. He longed for the open forest. He yearned for the thick, fresh air, the smell of the oak and pines, the sound of the trees swaying in the mellow breeze. Since father did not like him slipping past the guards and vanishing into the woods in the middle of broad daylight or night for that matter, he hesitated before he stood up and dressed into his daily clothes that consisted of a knee-length, tight, dark green, velvet jacket, silver tunic underneath, brown leggings and a pair of leather boots. He picked up his bow and arrows from behind one of the high pillars and left the room. The Prince sneaked through the corridors across his chamber and started to go south of the palace where there was a secret exit only he knew of. That'd probably be so because he invented it as a young elf. The traditional festive music was heard from across the whole palace and so was the laughter and mirth coming from the dining halls. Legolas knew it would take long time for father to return to his chambers. It took a few minutes for him to walk all the way to the other side of the palace before he reached a secret round door behind a tapestry. He managed to slip past a few guards at the south corridor and once he took the last glance at the currently empty hallway, he sneaked through the door into the dark. The tunnel lead behind the palace into the steep hill that ended with a silently flowing brook. Not far away at his right there were the main gates. Legolas managed to sneak out right in time before the guards would check the hallway again. He jumped and landed on the other side of the hill and the great forest now lay in front of his eyes. He smiled to himself before vanishing into the fairly warm night.