in the company of Legolas, he suddenly saw leaves of green and gold where before he would have seen cover for archers. He envisioned valleys filled with flowers rather than locations for ambushes. He dreamed of majestic mountains rather than commanding eminences from which one might direct a military campaign. "Don't grow any older, Legolas," the Ranger declared impulsively. "I can't help but grow older," Legolas replied. "Not even a wizard could stop the turning of the moon." "That's not what I meant," Aragorn said. "I can't explain what I meant. But, but, don't change! Whatever happens, you must remain—an Elf!" "I am sure I can promise you that," answered Legolas dryly. This conversation was interrupted by the sound of hoof beats, and the rescue party, led by Elrond himself, hove into view. Aragorn carefully helped Legolas mount one of the spare horses that had been brought, and then the Ranger mounted a second one. At a gentle pace, they returned to Rivendell, and Legolas was carried to the House of Healing. Elrond knew from experience that Legolas would be a fretful patient who would try to escape the care of the Healers before he was truly ready to arise from his bed, and he therefore prepared sleeping draught for the young Elf. Legolas suspected as much, but he was too tired to protest. Under the watchful eyes of both Elrond and Gandalf, he drank the proffered potion down to the last drop. Legolas awoke to find Gandalf sitting at the foot of his bed, smoking his pipe and regarding him with a mixture of affection and concern. "You shouldn't be smoking in here," Legolas said groggily. "You know that Elrond doesn't approve." Gandalf removed the pipe from his mouth. "My dear Legolas, for centuries, at the request of Elrond, I have avoided smoking in the presence of elflings. But I ask you, are you still an elfling?" "I feel like one today," Legolas said sheepishly. "But, in point of fact, you are not. And I am therefore going to smoke around you whether Elrond likes it or not." "Tell me," chimed in a voice from the door, "if that is so, do you plan to launder all the bedding that will reek of smoke as a result of your noisome habit?" Elrond stepped into the room. "Aye, Mithrandir, and Legolas' garments as well—do you plan to wash them? I assure you that the Laundress would very much like to know." "Elrond, you are so, so, so—fastidious!" grumbled Gandalf as he put down his pipe. Retorted the elf-lord, "In case you haven't noticed, Legolas is injured. Yet you would insult his lungs by befouling the air he must breathe." "Hullo!" called another voice from the door. "Legolas is awake? Good! He's been sleeping for ages." Aragorn strolled up to the bed and settled himself upon a chair next to it. He pulled out his pipe and reached for a taper to light it. Gandalf smirked at Elrond and, picking up his own pipe, resumed puffing upon it. With great cheekiness, he sent an eagle to hover over Elrond's head. Elrond pretended not to notice it. "When may I arise, Elrond?" Legolas asked. "In a day or two—if you are not sickened by pipe weed fumes before then." "May I ride?" "No, for the time being you will have to cosset that leg." Legolas looked so crestfallen that Elrond almost relented, but he sternly reminded himself that Legolas would have an infinite number of opportunities to ride in the future. "That's all right, Legolas," offered Aragorn. "I'll keep you company until your leg heals." Legolas brightened at once, and Elrond realized that the young Elf hadn't been disappointed at the thought of not riding. No, he thought, Legolas had feared that, if he were confined to the Hall, Aragorn would be out and about and would spend no time with him. 'Those two might as well be brothers', he said to himself. 'Either would die for the other'. Gandalf, looking on, thought the same. "I am glad, very glad," Glorfindel said to Elrond as they watched the Fellowship dwindling into the distance, "that Legolas will represent the Fair Folk amongst that Company." Elrond nodded. "Yes, I pity the Orc who aims a blow at Aragorn if Legolas should see it." "Indeed! The Orc would die before his blow fell. Likewise, anyone who tried to do Legolas an injury would face the wrath of Aragorn. But, Elrond, their loyalty to each other shall, I think, be matched by their loyalty to the other members of the Fellowship." "You are right, Glorfindel. Loyalty is like love. A child who grows up giving and receiving love from one person has the capacity when an adult to love others introduced to him in later years. Legolas and Aragorn have learned how to stand steadfastly by each other; they will naturally find themselves able to extend that loyalty to others." Elrond's words proved to be as prophetic as any that could have been uttered by even the Lady Galadriel herself. In after years many tales were told of the courage of the Nine Companions that set out that day, but many more were told of their loyalty one to another. Some said that it was loyalty that brought back the Istar Mithrandir, so that, even though he had won his release from Arda, in the end he might stand or fall by the side of his Companions. Some said it was loyalty that carried the vessel bearing Boromir past Minas Tirith and across the Sea, so that he might greet his fellow pilgrims when they arrived upon the distant shore. No one can say for a certainty if these things came to pass. But of their loyalty, there is no doubt of that. And at the core of the loyalty of the Fellowship was the love between Aragorn and Legolas, so different in bearing, in personality, and yet, in the end, all the closer for it.