corner sketching a still life. She turned around when he walked in. "You're early," she said. "Free art today, just pick a medium from the cupboards on the left. There's plenty of paper on the easels." Faramir walked over to the cupboards and picked out a set of charcoal pencils before walking to an easel. The room slowly began filling up with people. The freshmen pulled their easels together into the circle in the corner. The only other sophomore was the blonde girl¾Eowyn¾that he had met in homeroom, who pulled her easel up next to his and began painting. Apparently, Drawing and Painting was as unpopular as it had been last year, but that was fine with Faramir; he liked a small class, and it was the only time he didn't have Legolas and Gimli picking on him. "Hey." It was Eowyn. She looked nervous. "So... I'm guessing your dad's like, an alcoholic or something." "Interesting conversation starter, but yes. How'd you know?" "Well, the way those assholes were going on about it... it was hard not to notice. Is it... you know... hard, living with him?" "Not really, he's just drunk most of the time. And I don't cater beer to him, if that's what you were thinking," he said bitterly. "No! I wasn't" "I'm sorry, I'm being an ass. I just get a little… touchy about the subject." He laughed dryly. "If you wanna know someone who's really bitter, you should meet my brother Boromir. He's always up-in-arms about things... you see, when my mom died and Dad took up drinking, he dropped out of school in sophomore year--my year--to run our little family coffee shop and support us. I think my dad wished that I had dropped out; Boromir was always his favorite. Anyway, before he dropped out, they built a Starbucks across the street and almost put us out of business. Boromir was always getting in fights with Arwen when he was at school." The off-hand manner in which he said this apparently shocked Eowyn. All she could say was "Arwen?" "Yeah, Arwen. Her dad's vice-president of Starbucks. I don't hold it against her, but she always seemed to bug the crap out of Bori." "Bori?" Eowyn asked, "Is that some kind of childhood nickname?" "Yeah," said Faramir, blushing, "He was Bori, and I was Fari." "I'm going to call you that." "No! You can't call me that! No one but my mom and brother have ever called me that." "Someone has to keep up the tradition... Fari." She grinned wickedly. Faramir shrugged, and went back to sketching, smiling. ----------------------- Boromir glanced up from the magazine he was reading as his younger brother slid into the seat next to him. One glance at the car's clock told him it was 2:45, twenty minutes after the time that Boromir had agreed to pick Faramir up from school. Faramir saw him look at the clock and he mumbled a hasty "Sorry I'm late." "You have art 6th period again don't you?" "Yeah," said Faramir. Boromir smiled, which was something rarely seen from him after he had to drop out of school. "You just had to finish that sketch, I suppose," he said, turning the key in the ignition. Boromir had been in the neighborhood that day, so he offered to pick Faramir up from school. It didn't bother him at all, really. Boromir liked hearing how Faramir's day had gone, since he couldn't be at school himself. "Well, actually," Faramir said as they pulled away from the curb with a nasty screech, "I met this girl in art and we ended up chatting. I didn't realize how late it was until Professor Galadriel reminded us that we were going to miss the bus." Boromir raised an eyebrow when Faramir mentioned the girl, but didn't make any comments. "So how was your day?" "Well, not nearly as interesting as yours," Boromir said, pulling into the driveway of their house-¾a small, two story building, the first floor of which was comprised of their small coffee shop. "I had an employee quit on me because he refused to work for a senior in high school, that damn Starbucks vice-president came by and offered to buy our coffee shop, and Dad found his credit card under the couch cushion where you hid it and bought another bottle of vodka." He smiled bitterly. "Wait!" said Faramir, following Boromir up the stairs to the back door. "He offered to buy our coffee shop? What did you tell him?" "I told him to get out of my shop, and would have told him to go to hell while he was at it, but I didn't want to make a bad impression on the customers." Boromir checked on the status of his father—asleep on the couch at the moment—and followed his brother into the kitchen. "So, Fari," said Boromir, pulling some bread out of the cupboard, "Tell me about this girl you met." "Well... for one thing, she's the only one besides you and Mom who's ever called me Fari." He grinned sheepishly. "Though that's my fault 'cause I told her about it. Let's see... she's about my height, with long blonde hair and blue eyes and—" "You like her," said Boromir matter-of-factly. Faramir blushed and looked at his feet. "Nah, she's just a friend… ish… thing…" he trailed off, mumbled something unintelligible, and took a unnecessarily large bite out of his sandwich. "I know," said Boromir, feigning seriousness, "I didn't mean to embarrass you…" He stopped talking and started to put the dishes in the sink. Still holding a plate, he turned to face Faramir and added as an afterthought "But when you talk about her, I mean, your eyes get all big and googly and you can practically see the hearts coming out of your head…" ---------------- A/N: Reviews are lovely, dahlings! NEXT: Eowyn gets in a fight, Merry gets told, and a feeling of Get To Know You Bingo is in the air.