die. It was unnatural. "Estel," he saw the man observing the dead as well, not far away. At least he was okay. Aragorn turned at the soft call and stepped towards Legolas. His eyes were haunted and he did not look victorious. "Legolas. How do you fare?" "I am fine," came the elf's automatic response, even though he would bear bruises and scratches for weeks. The man could not see them, however, so he thought it irrelevant to mention, especially since there were so many worse off. "Many are dead," Aragorn let it slide, too tired to pester the elf. He looked fine and he was thankful for at least that. "No elves made it; I am sorry." Legolas nodded tersely, refusing to show the man how much that hurt him. His slain kin brought a terrible shadow over his mind, but he knew it was not the fault of the men that had brought it about. It was Saruman and the orcs, not the men of Rohan. He could not point blame at them for this tragedy. "Legolas," the man said softly, watching his friend carefully for a reaction. "Haldir is dead." Legolas froze, eyes not giving anything away as he thought over that sentence. It seemed so simple, yet was far from it. "You saw him fall?" He managed coherently, face a perfect mask of guarded emotions. Aragorn nodded. "I held him as he died. I know that what he did to you was unforgivable, Legolas, but he did not deserve death. No elf deserves death." "I know," the archer replied quietly. "I never would have wished that on him, despite what he did. Do you think me so callous, Estel?" "Nay, that is not what I meant," the man quickly realised how his words had sounded. "Forgive me. I just meant that he, too, should be regarded as a hero and mourned. He did help us." Legolas did not forgive Haldir, not even now. He was still able to feel grief for the loss of the fair life, however, and inclined his head. "Where is his body?" Aragorn gestured to one of the high battlements with a finger, though did not speak further. He continued on, counting the number of men they had lost and trying to gleam recognisable faces among the corpses. All of them deserved honourable burials, which would need to be arranged in time. Legolas moved towards the indicated area and it did not take him long to locate Haldir, sprawled amongst a pool of his own blood with his hair in a state of disarray. The sight was horrific and it made him sick to see elven life so easily shattered with nothing more than sheer violence. Stepping closer and crouching, he touched a long finger to the side of Haldir's face. "Though you intended me great harm and would have bestowed unspeakable horror upon me, you did not deserve this," he murmured. He reached forward and ever so gently closed the dead elf's unseeing eyes. He would not wish death upon even Saruman, though he surely deserved it. "Even you deserve peace, Haldir of Lórien," he whispered. He had never truly hated Haldir, as he had thought he had. At the time, it had seemed so genuine. It had just been his helplessness creating that illusion of utter abhorrence – he did not know if he could ever hate a fellow elf, no matter what they had done. Had Haldir been given time to follow through with his intentions, he was not sure if he could have subdued hate for him then. He probably would have been too broken to muster enough energy to hate, he realised with a twist of his gut. "Our differences and past matter no more," Legolas respected the death of his kin, quietly praying to the Valar. However, he could still not bring himself to forgive... he could only honour. " Garo hîdh nen gurth, Haldir. Posto vae. Lle vaethor veleg [Have peace in death, Haldir. Rest well. You are a mighty warrior] ." He was silent for a minute, honouring the fallen immortal. Standing, he stared down at Haldir with sad eyes. He could be no threat now, but no elf should ever have to pay such a price for man's folly of war. This was not entirely man's folly, though, and he chagrined himself for trying to blame them. He would never forget what had happened to him in Lothlórien and the memories would haunt him eternally, though only three other people knew of how close he had come to losing his entire innocence and even his life. He had no intention of telling his father. When he arrived home in Mirkwood, if he lived through what was to come, he would only inform the king of the valiant death of Haldir of Lórien. There was no need for any further details and he would not shame himself by being so weak. It was over. Haldir had paid the ultimate price, as had many other men this day. Saruman's troops were defeated and that was the one good thing that had come from all this bloodshed. Smiling up at the sky through a stray strand of golden hair, he turned and moved back down the stairs. This was a gruesome victory and they were still alive, which was enough to be thankful for. Aragorn was still healthy to take his fate in hand and step up to the charges demanded of him, which was also important. They had won, though grief did not fade easily and he would bear it for a significant time. Now he had only to find that accursed dwarf and see how many kills he had made throughout the battle. Surely not more than forty-two... THE END. BLAH. Stupid and long and rather uneventful... I know. Believe me, I know. :P It was awesome fun to write, though. Thanks for reading this BORING drabble, mellyn nín! I owe you all cookies!