those defenders now stepped into view, one with bow drawn and the other holding a long, elegantly curved sword. Legolas did not let go of his companion but remained perfectly still, knowing well enough that the precious seconds needed to push Aragorn aside, so that he could draw his own weapons, would be all the time these warriors needed to gut him. Legolas adopted his calmest mien. "I am Legolas of the Woodland Realm and this is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. I am sent on a mission to bring word to Lord Elrond and found this ranger upon the path." Aragorn had not the strength nor the inclination to point out that it had been the other way around. The sword was lowered and its wielder stepped forward to slip a hand beneath Aragorn's chin and look into his battered face. "Estel? Is it you! What has happened?" The archer did not slacken his bow, instead moving to the side to ensure that he had a shot around his companion if necessary. Legolas' attention was drawn back to Aragorn, who at present seemed incapable of answering. Indeed, he was leaning ever more heavily into Legolas' support. "He fell and wrenched his shoulder. It should be tended swiftly if he is to regain full use of the arm." The swordsman made to relieve him of his burden but Legolas drew Aragorn closer. "I would see him to Lord Elrond's care myself." When the other made to ignore him Aragorn managed to raise his head again, his voice thin but sure. "I trust him. He has seen me safe thus far, Erestor. Without his aid I would be dead." With those words Aragorn's eyes rolled up and he sank bonelessly into Legolas' supporting arms. Legolas hoisted him up against his chest, muttering, "It seems I shall have to carry you the length of the valley after all." And thus it was Legolas who handed over an insensible Aragorn into Elrond's caring hands a short time later. -0- Aragorn followed the sound of singing. There were many singers in the valley of Imladris but only one with that accent. The leaves were long, the grass was green, The hemlock-umbels tall and fair, And in the glade a light was seen Of stars in shadow shimmering, Tinuviel was dancing there To music of a pipe unseen, And light of stars was in her hair, And in her raiment glimmering. * It took some minutes for Aragorn to actually find the singer but he eventually spied him sitting high in a venerable oak. "Good day, Legolas Thranduillion," he called. Legolas paused, then grinned when he saw Aragorn below him. The ranger's heart stopped as the young elf leapt from his perch, landing on another branch far below only long enough to gather himself to leap again. When he arrived nimbly, inches from Aragorn, he was not even breathing deeply. "It is good to see you up and about, mortal." Aragorn found that he was smiling in response to Legolas' vibrant grin. "Adar is one of the best healers in Middle earth." He nodded toward a stone bench and they sat together. "What made you sing that particular song?" Legolas tilted his head in a way Aragorn was beginning to recognise as totally his. "I suppose I was considering Lord Elrond's heritage. Why do you ask? And why do you call him Father?" "My father was slain by orcs when I was only two years old. Elrond is the only true father I have ever known." Aragorn's eyes darkened. "Although we are perhaps not now as close as once we were." They sat in companionable silence for several moments, enjoying the sunshine, before Aragorn took a deep breath and fixed on a smile. "Adar tells me you intend to depart soon." Legolas looked about them, drinking in the tall clean trees, the verdant smell of greenery, the distant rumble of the falls and soft, liquid birdsong. "I would love to stay longer for there is a great peace here. But I must return to my own people. My bow is needed there and I must carry Lord Elrond's reply to my father." Aragorn noticed for the first time that Legolas did not carry bow or quiver and wondered if walking out of doors without fear of attack would seem a paradise to him. "You know that you are welcome to return, do you not? I believe Adar actually likes you," he added with a twinkle. Legolas threw back his head and laughed softly. "For a Noldo, I find him good company too. And, yes, he has invited me to return whenever I wish." His bright blue gaze took in the scenery again. "I may take him up on his offer but for now my king expects me." When he would have stood Aragorn touched his sleeve. "If you can wait for just a couple more days we could travel together. I have never seen the Woodland Realm." Legolas looked him up and down, no doubt noting that, although his companion no longer carried his arm in a sling, he still favour it slightly. "Will you be fit enough to travel so soon? It was my understanding that men do not heal as swiftly as elves." Now it was Aragorn who laughed. "I am not made of porcelain. We heal swiftly enough and the Dunadain more swiftly than others. I will keep up with you. Have no fear." "I look forward to seeing you make good on that statement." Aragorn's brows rose. "Is that a 'yes'?" Legolas chuckled, slapping him playfully on the back, his voice full of mischief as her replied, "It is. I think I would enjoy your company and I shall be interested to see my Adar's face when I drag home a stray mortal." Upon his balcony, far above them, Elrond smiled. It seemed a new trust was forging between man and elf. END *The Lay of Beren and Luthien – JRR Tolkien