weary and bedraggled hobbits and dipped a small bow. "Forgive me," he offered in accented Westron. "Welcome to Rivendell, sirs." He did not allow them time to do more than offer their own sketchy bows before returning his attention to Glorfindel. "Lord Elrond said you would have much need of haste so we have Estel's horse and also ponies for our guests." As he spoke another elf led forward the mentioned mounts and Aragorn began to lift Merry, Pippin and Sam from their temporary perches. Merry and Pippin winced as they tried to straighten legs spread too wide across Asfaloth's broad back for too many hours. Of the three, it seemed Sam had fared best, sitting upon the pony. Their new escort gave them little time to adjust, however, before lifting the hobbits, like so much baggage, onto new ponies. These were not the sturdy, shaggy little mounts of the Shire, but sleek coated creatures with shimmering manes and tack strung with silken tassels and delicate silver bells. Aragorn stepped forward to stroke the velvet nose of a tall grey horse. "Na vedui, Roheryn." The horse blew gently into Strider's face and he smiled before gathering up the reins and hoisting himself wearily into the saddle. "Now I am truly home. Come, we must ride swiftly but it will seem only a short distance upon elven steeds." He turned the horse about with but a twitch of the rein. Sam watched in startled amazement as Glorfindel, with Frodo still cradled securely in his arms, leapt from ground to boulder and then into Asfaloth's saddle in one flowing movement. Sam's new mount turned about with barely a thought and they all filed down into the trees. Aragorn was right. Whether it be by elven magic or simply because their mounts were fresh, it seemed to be only minutes before they were emerging from a stand of birch trees that shone silver in the thin starlight, and making for the bridge Sam had noted from the valley entrance. Now he saw that it was every bit as narrow as it had looked then and also that it had no parapet. It was fortunate that Sam's new mount was sure footed for he let the creature have its head, his own body frozen into terrified immobility after just one glance at yet another long drop beneath them. He began to wonder what made elves so fond of such architectural insanity. Once across Sam's breath grew easier as they passed beneath an ivy draped archway and into a large, torch lit, cobbled courtyard. There everyone dismounted, the elven escort gathering up reins to lead horses and ponies away through another arch. Bill followed willingly and Sam hoped their hosts would give him an extra measure of oats, for he had surely earned it and more in the past few days. The three hobbits huddled closer together, slightly over awed by the broad shallow steps before them, the tall double doors with their carved faces of intertwining leaves and flowers, the delicate green and gold gilded columns that soared upward to support a wide, intricately carved canopy of pale wood. Slowly the doors swung open. The figure who strode forth was no taller than any other elf they had so far encountered. Although his long robes were perhaps richer, they were little different to those worn by the occupants who paused to look down curiously from balcony and window. His sleek dark hair, falling straight about broad shoulders was no blacker than Strider's and yet Sam guessed that he was standing before a being of awesome power and, along with his companions, felt compelled to offer his deepest bow. When he dared to look up again he found his eye captured by a keen, steel-grey gaze that seemed to plumb his deepest thoughts, hopes and fears. It was some relief then when those uncanny eyes blinked and the strong face drew into a polite smile. "Welcome to Imladris, gentlehobbits. I am Elrond. You are weary and no doubt hungry after your long journey. Hot baths, good food and soft beds await you within. Lindir will show you the way." Now he strode down the steps to Glorfindel and reached out to tenderly push aside the blankets swaddling Frodo. "So this is our young Ringbearer." His voice dropped as though speaking only to himself. "So small a frame to contain so strong a fae." He held out his arms and Glorfindel relinquished his burden willingly. Gathering Frodo close Elrond turned in a flow of wine red velvet, climbing the steps in long strides that Sam could not hope to match. "Here, just a minute! Where are you off to with my master?" he cried indignantly as he scurried after this tall stranger and tugged urgently at his robe. Now Elrond did something that no other big person had, in all of this journey so far. Pausing, he turned and then hunkered down so that his gaze was level with Sams'. Once more the little gardener felt he was being examined too closely and he blushed at his rash words. But now Elrond's gaze softened and he glanced down at Frodo's still face before asking, "You love your master very much, do you not?" Sam shuffled his feet embarrassedly then straightened his shoulders. "More than my life," he replied earnestly. Did Frodo's pale eyelids flicker at his admission? Elrond nodded, his features softening into a smile that held all the promise of sunrise on a warm summer morning. "Then come with me, Samwise Gamgee. For your love may avail as much as my skill, if we are to draw your master back from the shadowed path he treads." He arose smoothly and moderated his long stride as they entered a wide hallway. Hurrying along beside him Sam finally knew that if anyone could heal his Mr Frodo it would be this Elrond. END Mae g'ovannen! - Well met! (Sind) Maedol! Na vedui – Welcome! At last (Sind)