respect, cannot I change in another," Elrohir replied cheekily. "After all, you have changed in several ways, Anomen. For one, you are less shy than you were when you first arrived in Rivendell." "And I would be even less shy," Anomen retorted, "if someone weren't always bullying me." Elrohir winced but recovered quickly. "Well, those words do not bespeak shyness. You grow bolder as we speak." "As you grow happier," rejoined Anomen. "Bolder! happier!" grumbled Elladan, who was beginning to feel left out. "Anomen, I am glad you grow bolder; Elrohir, I am glad you grow happier. But I am left with a sore mouth—and one of my teeth wiggles in its socket!" "Your mouth will grow better," Elrohir promptly reassured him, "and as for your teeth, Ada says we are to lose them soon, like that little man-child who accompanies the trader but lately arrived from Bree." "I think you are mistaken, Elrohir," Anomen said skeptically. "I have already lost all my infant teeth." "Yes, but we are to have a third set. They are called 'wisdom teeth'. Humans have four wisdom teeth, but because we Elves live so long—perhaps forever!—we are allotted an entire mouthful." Elladan grimaced. "I did not like losing my teeth," he complained. "There was one that hung by a thread for weeks. It twirled in its socket, and I thought I should be sick." "If you had let Ada pull it, you would not have suffered so," Elrohir pointed out sensibly. Elladan made another face, and Anomen grinned. "I will pull it for you," he offered light-heartedly. He made a pincer gesture with finger and thumb and pretended that he was going to reach into Elladan's mouth. Ai! In his silliness, he reached too far and lost his balance and fell forward. Just as his feet vanished from sight, Elrohir made a grab for him and caught him by the ankle. Unfortunately, as he did so, he lost his balance as well and followed Anomen in plummeting from the branch. Thinking quickly, Elladan let himself fall backward so that his legs hooked a branch and made a grab for Elrohir's legs. Now all three dangled upside down: Elladan hanging from the branch by his knees and clinging to Elrohir's legs, Elrohir clutching Anomen's ankles. And this is how Elrond found them at dusk, three red-faced elflings dangling upside down, each linked to another as if they were a chain of opossums. Calmly he looked up at the pendant elflings and positioned himself directly underneath them. "Elrohir," he called. "Let go of Anomen." "I won't," cried Elrohir, horrified that his Ada would suggest such a thing. "Elrohir," Elrond said soothingly, "I mean to catch him." "Oh," said Elrohir, abashed that he would ever have thought otherwise. "Oh, well, if that's what you mean. Anomen," he called, "are you ready?" "Yes," gasped Anomen. Elrohir had been clinging so tightly to Anomen's ankles that his fingers were numb and he found it difficult to release his grip. Nevertheless, with a wince he forced open his hands, and Anomen fell. Like a cat, Anomen twisted as he fell so that he was no longer upside down, and Elrond caught him easily. Gently, he sat the dizzy elfling upon the ground. Then he called up to Elladan to let go of Elrohir's legs. Elladan's fingers, like Elrohir's, were stiff, but with a great effort of will, he opened them, and now Elrohir was somersaulting through the air. He was heavier than Anomen, and Elrond let out an 'oomph!' as he caught him, but catch him he did, and he set the exhausted elfling on the ground beside Anomen, who promptly threw his arms about him. "Thank you for not letting me fall," Anomen whispered to his foster-brother. Unselfconscious for once, Elrohir returned the gesture. Then the two of them watched anxiously as Elrond coaxed a woozy Elladan to relax his legs so that he might slip free of the branch from which he was dangling. Moments later, Elladan was on the ground beside his brothers. Elrond regarded them fondly. "Judging from the tenacity of your grips," he said with mock gravity, "I would say that you have had a bonding experience." The three elflings smiled weakly at him, and he raised his eyebrows when he saw the gap in Elladan's mouth. The elfling's tooth had been knocked out altogether in his fall from the tree. Elrond shrugged. 'The getting of wisdom—and wisdom teeth—is a hard thing', he thought resignedly as he bent to help each elfling to his feet. Then, wobbling a little, they slowly followed him back to the Hall. Reader, I strive to follow the Chronicles faithfully in all respects, so I would be writing fiction if I stated that from this point onward Elrohir never, ever teased Anomen. Still, he teased him less often, and his gibes were less mean-spirited. Gradually, as the years wore on, the teasing turned into a light-hearted bantering exchange in which Anomen gave as good as he got. By the time Anomen was acknowledged to be Legolas, Prince of Mirkwood, it was hard to imagine that he had ever called Elrohir an Orc—or that Elrohir had ever feared himself to be one. Oddly, history repeated itself, as Men are wont to say, when centuries later Legolas was thrown into the company of a Dwarf. Then it was Legolas who descended to the level of the bully (although in fairness it ought to be said that the Dwarf made the descent as well). For Legolas, it was as difficult as it had been for Elrohir to recognize that the Dwarf was someone to cling to, not someone to taunt. Yet he learned his lesson, as Elrohir had learned his. Legolas and Elrohir, Legolas and Gimli—may these friendships guide us as the light of Ëarendil once guided two Periannath, who were likewise friends. The bond between friends was proof against the darkness of Mordor. It continues proof against the darkness of the heart.