hand darted forward and descended, the point of the stiletto just barely touching his neck. It cut so gently; she had the utmost control over the blade. She darted away before he could capture her and reappeared in front of him as Belderon put his hand to his neck. There was a single red drop welling from the tiny wound, not a pinprick, which would have hurt immediately and alerted him to her attack, but a precise surface cut. "Well done," said Belderon as he smeared away the blood with his fingers. "Go, then, and kill the prince of Mirkwood." Fear mingled with a quick flash of irritation. Sariel hated his condescension. She was not the forgetful, brainless child he had kidnapped so many years ago, but he thought her a total puppet still. That it was blatantly true did not make it any easier to accept. "I will contact you at night every other day. Do not even think of escaping, my pet. A single misstep and your mother and sister will suffer for it. Fail, and they will pay the price." There was only one ultimate price Belderon ever demanded of anyone-death. Sariel was hesitant to speak up but she had too many misgivings about this assignation. Why had he not given her more information? Instead, he had focused only on her target's title, as if that mattered the most. He was never so vague about her tasks. "Master…his name?" she prompted. "All you need to know is that he is the prince of Mirkwood." The finality in his voice was clear. Sariel asked nothing more though she had to bite back the questions. Giving her some background would only aid her, and Belderon had made it clear that this was not an ordinary case. Facilitating the assassination should logically be a priority. An undefined target meant that she would have to stay for a while and to get to know his habits. At least, as a prince, her target would be fairly well known. For a moment, the thought of multiple princes disconcerted her, but Belderon would never make that mistake. Princeling or prince, there had to be only one son of Mirkwood, if that was his title. In the next instant, Sariel's mouth was suddenly dry underneath her Master's colorless gaze, and she felt almost sick with fear. So many years, and it was always like that when he scrutinized her in that way, as if to him it was perfectly clear exactly when she would die, and as if he were contemplating whether it would happen under his blade. "Go to the stables and take Myste. She will serve you well enough." The last was meant as a slight, and she again wondered what she had done to incur his displeasure. He turned abruptly and walked away. Sariel stared at his diminishing figure for a moment, her knees suddenly feeling like they were too weak to support her. He was angry, she was sure, yet he almost never showed emotion. It was part of what he had taught her, but the heat in his eyes showed that he was not as dispassionate as usual. So why was this assassination so different? Why was this the last? She tried not to think too much while she entered the stables. Belderon would be furious if he knew how much she indulged her fondness for horses, but even so, she took a lump of sugar to Myste's stall. The smoky white filly nickered a greeting and she almost smiled. Myste had been her only companion since the day the filly had been born. Her mother had died during the birthing and Sariel had cared for Myste since then, developing a strong bond with the gangly foal. Other animals avoided Belderon's citadel and the other horses were not true horses, but rather Belderon's steeds, bred for their temper and savage nature. Whatever he had done to them, they only resembled horses, but even their appearance gave them away as something other. Housed next to those hellish beasts, Myste had developed a tolerance for fright, endearing herself to Sariel, who needed a mount that would not easily spook. The filly was also obedient and sweet natured, and though Sariel had no comparison except for her hazy childhood memories, Myste seemed to be much faster than others of her kind. It took just a while for Sariel to ready the saddlebags. Aside from food and clothing, she needed little. She had only a few personal possessions and she did not have the courage to ask Belderon to see her mother and sister again. Part of her knew that it was because she dreaded facing her family, but another part simply did not care. She wanted to be free—free from Belderon, free from all the ties that bound her soul, even those blood ties that justified her killing. Yet Lessena and Lorianiel were the only reasons she had to live, the only things that mattered to her in her existence, even if they were not the mother and sister of her imagination. There was nothing else left. It was a bittersweet feeling that washed over her as she mounted Myste and rode away, refusing to look backward. She was free of Belderon's hated prison for at least a few months, but she would always have to return. The freedom was but mere illusion when she had to leave what mattered the most to her behind—two Elves that continued living because of her actions, no matter how lifeless they seemed. She had made such journeys before, but this time there was the forbidden hope that this would be her last. With Myste, she journeyed away from Lake Evendim, and toward the life that awaited her—toward the Golden Wood, Lothlórien. A/N: Please take a second to review ! First chapters matter a lot, so although there are many more for you to read, I would love to get your first impressions. Finalized June 2008