to let Elrond try a few steps on his own. The attempt to reach the table whilst drunk and wearing only one slipper resultrd in Elrond finding himself several steps to the side and beyond the said item of furniture. Glorfindel could only watch in fascination as his friend turned about several times, trying to establish where the "naughty lil table," had taken itself off to. Having finally managed to regain his bearings and locate the table, Elrond made an uncoordinated swipe for the carafe. Needless to say, he missed it spectacularly . . . several times. In the end he focussed mournfully on Glorfindel. "Won't stand still," he pointed out, as though the dancing about of a carafe of wine was the most normal although lamentable thing in the world. Glorfindel decided enough was enough and, wrapping one of Elrond's arms about his shoulder, frog-marched him from the study and into his bedroom. Elrond had only time for a muted, "Hey!" before he found himself on his back on the bed. He blinked at the ceiling several times before asking, "Don' remember a beamed wall. Did we reced . . . reredocate?" "It would seem so," Glorfindel replied absently. Elrond's tidy bedroom looked like an explosion in the boudoir of the lady he had been singing of earlier. On closer examination Glorfindel established that, like the shawl gracing Elrond's shoulders, all the garments strewn about had belonged to Celebrian. She had taken only a few items with her when she sailed and the rest had been stored in a chest at the foot of the bed. Managing to lever himself on one arm, Elrond waved expansively yet again and declared. "Cerebelation!" "El, my friend. I have attended some interesting cereleb . . . recal . . . Darn it. You've got me doing it now. Celebrations! But I don't remember any that involved me having to dress up in lady's clothing." Elrond looked horrified . . . or tried to. In his inebriated state the effect was more one of mild surprise as he seemed to have lost some of the fine control of his facial muscles. "Noooooo. C'mere." Deciding that he would be obliged to "Come here" at some point, if only to tuck Elrond in, Glorfindel obeyed. Elrond took a fistful of the shawl he was wearing and pressed it rather forcibly into his friend's nose, making Glorfindel sneeze. Elrond nodded sagely, several times. In fact he seemed to be having some trouble stopping and Glorfindel grabbed his head in both hands, fearful that the continued motion would tip Elrond over into nausea. Something that he suspected would be a matter of postponement only. "Thank you," Elrond stated gratefully. "See. Smells of her." In the way of all drunks from time immemorial he switched subjects with the blink of an eye. "You smell of sweat." Glorfindel bridled. Here he was, forgoing a nice hot bath and the person who had deprived him of it was complaining that he smelled ripe. "I was dragged here from the practice arena in rather a hurry by your sons." "What ever for?" "Never mind, El. What were you saying about something smelling of her?" In the long pause while Elrond worked backwards through his thought processes, a task most definitely better done sober, Glorfindel worked on the buttons of his friend's shirt. "Smells of roses." So intent had he been upon undoing all the tiny pearl buttons that it took even Glorfindel a moment to bring himself back to the conversation. "Ahhh. Yes. It does indeed. But that doesn't explain what we're celebrating," He replied, beginning to clear the bed of clothing. "'s our avinersary. Bri and me . . . I and Bri? Bri and I . . . got married today." The words seemed to deflate Elrond and he fell back into the pillows. "Always a cerebelation." Recognising that his friend had just tipped into the maudlin phase of drunkenness, Glorfindel returned to undressing him, prior to tucking into bed and fetching a basin. "And so you decided to continue the tradition? Well, next year my friend, you and I will celebrate together. It is not good to celebrate on your own. And I think we will do it without the chamomile." "She's gone," Elrond murmured, and the tears began to flow. "Not coming back an' I can't go." "I know, my friend. But one day you will be together again. And you can hold a proper celebration. Just the two of you." He eased off Elrond's shirt and trousers, and drew the covers over him, smiling as he watched those bloodshot grey eyes close. Elrond still clung to the shawl and Glorfindel let him keep it. It was little enough comfort and at least a quieter occupation than singing. Before he left he placed a large cup of water and a basin at the bedside. Elrond would need them in the morning. In fact Elrond would need a lot of things in the morning and perhaps for many years to come. When Glorfindel left the study, wine carafe in hand, he found the twins still waiting outside. "Is he alright?" asked Elladan earnestly. "He's gone awfully quiet in there." "He's sleeping," Glorfindel replied, handing over the carafe to the more sensible of the two. "Pour this down the nearest drain, Elrohir." "Sleeping!" Elladan repeated. "After all that noise he's sleeping?" "Yes." Elladan scowled. "And I suppose you are not going to tell us what happened?" Elrohir chuckled. "Ignore him, Glorfindel. He's only upset because he never got to hear verse fifty-three." "Fifty three? Ohhhh. The cold custard bath. You wouldn't have liked that verse. Trust me," Glorfindel replied, shuddering. Suddenly he found himself with a twin on either arm. "Tell you what, Glorfindel. We will run you a nice hot bath and you can teach us the entire song, from verse one. And we'll tell you when you get to a verse we don't like." Glorfindel groaned. END