out when he was on look out. Gandalf paused, the end of his staff over Aragorn's brow. "Now Legolas, are you sure that he is really snoring? The rest of us cannot hear it....." "Tis because of my elf ears Mithrandir," Legolas said, trying incredibly hard to keep the impatience from his voice. Here it was, about to end, and the wizard decides to question whether he knew what he had heard or not. He knew, oh yes, he knew..... The Istari nodded and sent the ranger another sympathetic look. "It will take but a moment." Aragorn shrank back against the tree as Gandalf began to chant softly, words indiscernible as he spoke them fast and low. He felt a slight tingling in his forehead, where the end of the staff was positioned and then nothing, as if nothing had changed. "Is it done??" Legolas asked desperately, an almost pleading look in his sapphire eyes. The wizard nodded. "It is, even your elven ears will not be able to pick up the sound now." The elf sighed in relief and released Aragorn's shirt front, placing him back on his feet. "Hannon lle [Thank you] Mithrandir." Gandalf nodded, smiling slightly as he made his way back over to Boromir, Gimli and the hobbits, all of who had found the display rather amusing. Merry and Pippin were struggling hard to contain their laughter, shaking visibly. "Back to sleep now Master Hobbits," Gandalf chimed and the four Halflings made their way back to their sleeping spots, still smiling amusedly. The wizard then sat down against a tree and rested his staff beside, him, allowing his eyes to lose focus. "Always knew the elf was a nutter," Gimli muttered softly as he sprawled back on the ground, unable to wipe the smile from his features as he thought on the situation that had just passed. Boromir laid down near him, the corner of his lip twitching before he closed his eyes and worked on getting back to sleep. Aragorn straightened his tunic and gave the elf a stern look. "Was that truly necessary?" He whispered softly. Legolas nodded enthusiastically. "Incredibly so. You would not believe what I have gone through." The human's eyes narrowed as he lowered himself to the ground, pulling his small blanket over him for warmth as the others had done. "Well, you won't have to go through it anymore so I should be safe for the remainder of the trip." "Should," the elf grinned before he turned on his heel and flitted back over to his tree, swinging up into the branches effortlessly. He made his way up to the same branch he had been on earlier and rested his blonde head back against the trunk, leg hanging over the branch and swinging in an almost triumphant gesture. Aragorn shook his head before he closed his eyes and blocked the elf out. This was truly a night to remember, that was for sure. He would need to think of a way to repay Legolas for the favour he did him, oh yes....indeed he would need to be repaid. Legolas smiled happily and focused on the noises around him, allowing his eyes to drift shut for a brief moment. A small insect was making flickering noises to his right, rather loud to his ears. It was a soothing sound though and he welcomed it, along with the soft patter of squirrel feet and light rustling of windblown leaves in the night air. All of them were so very welcomed after the snor- ' Sngrrrrrr.' His eyes snapped open and he stared down at Aragorn sharply. No...it was impossible...Mithrandir had just masked the noise! How-? It sounded again and as far as Legolas could see, it was not Aragorn. It came from someone closer to his position and the rangers' nose did not constrict, his mouth opening slightly as it always did when he snored. His gaze fell on Boromir as the noise sounded again through his delicate ears but the man was not the source of the torture. It was the next person he looked at who was responsible for the pain, the pain he had thought himself free from. Gimli. The dwarf's mouth opened, his nostrils contracting as he released another snore. Even though Aragorn was no longer a problem, he could not escape the horrible noise! Why? What did life have against him??? And again the snore pounded in his ears and he shivered, feeling something snap. Again. Why had Gimli not been snoring before??? What had he done to deserve this horrible fate!? Just WHAT??? He clenched his hands, jaw working furiously as he chewed on the inside of his cheek to stop from screaming out loud. The torture would not cease, never, and with each snore that left the dwarf's unconscious body.....he felt something more snap. He could take it no longer, it was just so unfair and his eyes narrowed in Gimli's direction. Déjà vu. A/N: Well, I hope it was at least half-funny. Honestly, I don't really think it's that humorous but that's just me being iffy. Please review and let me know if you thought it was funny, it'd be great to know that the story at least made you smile a little, if not, feel free to tell me why it sucked, but in a constructive way of course. I am always open to constructive criticism, not flames though.... Thank you so very much for even opening this page, if you read it, I'd like to give you an even bigger thank you! Do review, it makes a writers day :) PS: For anyone who read 'Misplaced Trust' and are wondering about whether or not I am planning to write a sequel yet, I am putting some information concerning that topic in my profile page. So, if you read it and are curious as to my actions on a sequel, go check it out ;) Thank you all so much again. Hannon lle!!