wiping away her tears. Slowly they sat down and even slower she raised her tiny hand. Suddenly, Thranduil gently grabbed her wrist, "Wait! Are you absolutely sure this is what you want to do? Trust me when I say I'm probably the ugliest being you'll ever see." Truth be told, he was more concerned about how he would react should she run away in fear. He could not stand to be rejected by the only Elf that has ever truly reached out to him in such a long time. The Elfling assured him that she was ready to look at his bare face, to show that she didn't care what he looked like. Everything seemed to have grown very silent. Even the birds sounded hushed. The only real sound he could hear was the blood rushing in his ears. With coldness that settled in the back of his neck he watched her hand coming into contact with the soft material. He quickly shut his eyes tight. Maybe he was a coward, but seeing the horror on the youthful face of his only friend would most likely break him. Tears were already leaking down past his clenched eyelids. All Thranduil could do now was wait. Wait for the screaming. Wait for the frightened sobs. For the mocking laughter and the taunting. Even for the gasp. Still silence. Did the child...erm...Tegaladwen leave in silence? Hesitantly he opened one eye and she was still sitting in front of him but with one of her bright smiles lighting her face. It was not a smile of mockery, but of fondess and innocence. "There. Now was that so hard?" She asked in a motherly tone, as though she was speaking to any other normal Elf. What is 'normal' any way? Thranduil could feel the soft breeze on his exposed skin and it felt so good. The entire left side of his face was badly scarred, his left ear looked as though it was melted and very mishapen. His hair on that side had grown white strands. The right side was also burnt, but not as badly. Both his eyes narrowly escaped permanent damage. The rest of his body was also burnt all the way down, some places worse than others. His shame grew ten-fold, "Why aren't you reacting the same way everybody else does?" "Those that treat you horribly should be shunned. They're the real monsters!" She placed the palm of her hand on his cheek and wiped away his flowing tears, "They don't see what I see." "And what...what is that you see?" He asked around the lump in his throat. "I see the most beautiful being that ever walked in Middle-Earth." Thranduil laughed around his tears, "Now I am certain you have poor vision, which is odd for any Elf, but seemingly proven true that an Elf can, in fact, develop poor eyesight. Besides I think that title is already taken by one who is also called Vanya." Tegaladwen giggled, "We can share it! Thranduil, can I show you something? The reason why I also don't have friends." Thranduil's eyes softened even further, "Of course. If you like." The Elfling raised her right sleeve, "I had an accident with one of my ada's saws. He is a wood-cutter and carver. I was pretending to cut wood like my ada when the saw slipped. They did warn me to stay away from the sharp tools, so now I'm punished for not listening to them." Very tenderly Thranduil held her arm, or what was left of it, in his hands. This poor, innocent Elfling had no right hand. Fresh tears rolled down his deformed cheeks, but this time they were shed in compassion, "How long ago did this happen?" Tegaladwen shrugged, "About five years ago. I've been learning to do everything with my wrong hand." "Does it still hurt?" "Sometimes, especially during Winter Solstice. When it first happened it felt like my hand was still there and it was always in awful pain. That's when nana used to rub where my hand used to be and it actually worked. That still happens, but not very often.* And yours? Do they still hurt?" She asked while tracing a scar on one of his hands. "Not as much as they used to. Only now and then there would be a dull ache, also when the air is nippy." Suddenly Tegaladwen leaned into him again and Thranduil, surprising himself, actually pulled her closer and placed her on his lap. They sat like that till the sun began to sink, basking in the glow of each other's warmth and sudden friendship. Many years may pass but neither of them would forget those few hours when they discovered companionship in the most unlikely of places and where they both found worth and acceptance. Ж The End Translations Thaurer: Abominable one Feuyaer: Disgusting one Gayaer: Dreaded one Gorgaer: Fearful one Saurar: Foul one Final Note: Yes, this is definitely an odd mixture of Phantom of the Opera and The Hunchback with Thranduil thrown into the mix. This is not an attempt on stealing ideas, this is just a vent and something very different from my usual work. Did anyone notice that Miluion had returned? In case you were wondering he was the healer in my very first fic: Elfling Mischief. I had to keep him around. I hope readers enjoyed this, it was not easy to write, but I enjoyed every second of it and I really hope that you will enjoy reading it just as much. Please let me know if I should continue with this one or leave it as is or what you think and if you have any questions *In case you were wondering, what Tegaladwen was describing is what is commonly known as phantom pain, something that is common with amputated limps. My grandmother suffered immensly with that pain and it really helped if someone rubbed her just below the stump without actually touching the limb.