full swing. " Sometimes being elven is its own curse" he thought to himself with a tinge of acidity as he began to unconsciously start tossing the stone up and down in front of him, with Eowyn watching from the corner of her eye. Elves needed to restrain from emotion because of the intensity with which it came to them. Emotion could be dangerous for elves, but yet, restriction was now what was causing Legolas the most amount of pain. It seemed ironic to Legolas that he had at first started this mission with the hopes of solidifying his independence, and now he found himself wishing that he had not done so good a job with building up his inner walls. Just throw it back. With a snarl, Legolas whipped the rock as hard as he was able out into the surrounding darkness, and to both his own and Eowyn's surprise, the sensation of freedom it brought him caused him to pick up another three and do the same in so quick a motion that Eowyn wasn't able to see the stones at all. He thought of Mirkwood - his home, that was slowly being destroyed by Sauron's dark forces. He thought of Boromir, who had died by the hands of the Uruks as he tried to protect the small hobbits. He thought of the destruction coming to the good men around him. He thought of Aragorn's fall and a tear escaped his eye as he thought of the fate that awaited Lady Arwen when she was given news of the mortal's death. Losing Aragorn would destroy Arwen, and all that the two had hoped for would be scattered to the wind. Oh, how unfair it was. Eowyn watched the elf with interest. She could tell that he was getting himself worked up, and as much as it hurt her to see another in so much pain, she knew that he needed to face his pain if he ever hoped of recovering from it. When he finally stilled, she saw that he had sank down to his knees and allowed his head to hang forward. He was not crying, but his breathing was labored and she let him be, offering comfort only through her refusing to leave his side. As Legolas knelt there, he slowly opened his eyes and silently prayed for some sort of sign that things would be well again. He prayed for something to hope for; something to fight for. It was then that the small pendent that he had placed into the inside pocket of his tunic came free and fell to his feet. He frowned as he reached for it; it was the pendent that had belonged to Aragorn. It had been a gift of love from Arwen, and Legolas had not the heart to leave it there in that field where Aragorn had last been seen alive. The elf felt an odd sensation flow through him as he looked upon the necklace; it took a moment, but as he steadily rose to his feet once again he realized just exactly what it was. His prayers had been answered. Legolas turned to Eowyn again, and she was puzzled by the smile that graced his features. "What is it?" she asked, and he was quick to answer. "Before we came to Rohan, our company traveled through the Mines of Moria" Legolas began, shivering slightly at the memory of the place. So cold and full of death it was, it still made him shudder. "We encountered a dark creature of the ancient world - a spawn of Morgoth, and though Gandalf was able to defeat it, he himself was not able to be saved." Legolas paused here, but continued with purpose, "he fell. We thought that we had lost him but the Valar sent him back to us so that he could complete his task." Eowyn frowned, but a spark of hope ignited in her heart, urging him to continue and voice out loud all that she prayed that he might. "Aragorn was born with a purpose. As the heir of Isildur, he was destined for great things. All of his life he has hidden in the shadows, but his fate was never changed; his fate was only delayed." A broader smile emerged on the elf's face now. "It is now only delayed." "What do you mean?" asked Eowyn as she turned fully to face her companion with a new determination in her eyes. Placing his hands on the maiden's shoulders, Legolas replied and Eowyn noticed that the glow that had once been diminishing was now as strong as ever around the elf. "Aragorn is destined to return. He fears he will fail, but he will not. Hope remains while the company is true" he spoke, remembering clearly the words that had been spoken by Lady Galadriel in Lothlorien with a widening grin. "Yes, hope does remain." Though she was not completely certain of all that he spoke of, Eowyn found that she was once again comforted by the words of the first born. "Could it be possible?" she wondered silently as Legolas lifted her chin delicately so that their eyes met and gave her answer. "He will return." Well there you have it. Chapter one is done and complete. It took me a while, but in the end I was pretty happy with it. Please let me know what you think, because I'm open for suggestions, praise, complaints. Just not flames, alright, because nobody benefits from them and it does me no good for making my story better. Oh, and for those of you who might be interested, I have two songs that I am using as inspiration for the friendship that is formed between Eowyn and Legolas. The first one is "Homeless Heart" by Amanda Scott (hence the title of the story) and the other is "Learning to Fly" by Tom Petty. I listened to them quite a bit while writing this, FYI. Please Review!!