was soft, his son immediately obeying him without hesitation, little feet pattering on the exquisite carpet as he suddenly ran to him, allowing his Ada to pick him up and onto his lap. "What is it, my son?" He asked worriedly, one of his hands carefully brushing through the elfling's fine blond hair as the little face buried deeply in the robes covering his chest. "Are you hurt?" Silently, the elfling shook his head but did not look up, and the King sighed in slight relief. "Will you tell me what is the matter?" He asked again, his voice gentle, watching as for the first time his son's emerald eyes looked up to his eyes, so large and innocent. Then, silently, his son's little hand extended up, showing him the infamous toy bow. Fearing that the beloved toy had been damaged in some way, his eyes quickly inspected it, but found it perfectly fine. "What happens with it?" He could not hide his confusion, his hand still brushing down his son's little head, large green eyes looking at him silently. "For you." The words were barely audible ass they left Arahaelon's tiny mouth, and it took Thranduil a moment to understand what he meant. His heart swelled inside his chest, as his eyes carefully studied his son. "Are you giving your bow to me?" For a moment, Arahaelon remained silent, eyes looking sad, but determined, as if fighting with himself for a second before slowly nodding his head as if was the hardest thing he had done in his short life. "Yes." "Do you not want it?" He asked, feeling his heart filling with warmth at his son's loving gesture, still wondering what in Arda had he done to deserve such a precious bundle. Once again it took the elfling a little while to reply. "Yes." He said finally, his emerald eyes looking down to where his hand played with the end of his tunic. "But you want it too, and I have already played with it many times, so now you can play with it too." The Elvenking was sure he had never felt this kind of love and pride that he suddenly felt, his heart threatening to burst as he melted into his son's pure green eyes, his hand carefully accepting the offered toy. He knew just how much Arahaelon loved that particular toy. The bow did not matter to him, he could not have cared less about the toy, all he cared about was that his son was willing to give, and give willingly, even if it was the thing he loved the most. "But what about you?" He asked, testing the elfling to his limit. "You will not have a bow now." The little Prince looked down for a second, before focusing his innocent green orbs on his own ice blue eyes, shrugging his tiny shoulders. "I have other toys. I will play with them instead." And that was all he needed to hear. A wide smile appeared on his face, breaking through his peaceful, composed expression, easily scooping the elfling in his arms before rising form his desk. Silently, he walked to a large elegant cabinet, placing the toy bow carefully on its surface before retrieving a beautifully carved wooden box from the top drawer. Then, without saying anything he lowered himself to the couch by the large fireplace, placing his son carefully on his lap before laying the box upon his son's little legs. Arahaelon's large green eyes turned to him almost immediately, confused, as if asking for permission. "Open it." He said, watching as the elfling's little hand's slowly lifted the lid of the box, almost hesitantly. The next few minutes were forever engraved in the King's memory. Arahaelon's innocent emerald eyes went wide, bright with a kind of fascination and joy that made a smile cross his own lips, watching as his son let out a surprised gasp. There, in the cushioned bottom of the box, was en exquisitely crafted bow. It was small, the size perfect to fit an elfling, but it was not a toy bow. It was a real bow. Of course, he would not let Arahaelon shoot anything other that toy arrows yet- or else Alarya might kill him. He was still too young to start training, but he knew that a little practice would do no harm. His son's shocked eyes flew in his direction, his little mouth hanging open. "Is it for me?" "Yes, my son. It is all yours. And so is your toy bow. You can keep both." He said, unable to fight his smile at his son's delighted face. A pair of small hands carefully took the bow out of the box, holding it as if it was made of gold. "Can you teach me how to use it?" Emerald eyes looked at him as if he had created Arda for a moment, before seeming to remember where he was and quickly adding in his sweet innocent voice. "When you are not busy." A pang of guilt consumed the Elvenking's heart. How could he give an elfling a brand new bow, a real one nonetheless, and expect him to wait before trying it? "Why do we not go now?" His son's eyes brightened in excitement, the smile only widening. "Right now?" "Yes. Right now." He knew he would have to return to his study later that night once his son was asleep, and would probably stay awake the entire night working on them, but it would be entirely worth it. He would embrace his exhaustion and very probable headache the next day, if only he could see his son's delighted face that afternoon. Here is a short one shot I was tempted to write. It will probably be added to 'Greenwood the Great' later on, but I had it written and just wanted to share it with you. Please let me know what you think! And I hope you enjoy it! Love, Elena