I enjoy their company rather than being prejudiced against them as many in this family are. I have spent the last twenty years summarizing the reports from the Patrols, my lord, so I have some idea what type of information must be gathered. Lord Amglaur and the guards can help me question them, but I can help keep the meeting civil, which was your primary concern when you suggested sending Lord Celonhael. I think I could help manage these dwarves." Thranduil regarded Galithil silently for another moment. Then he glanced at Lindomiel. "I do not have time to travel with Adar to speak to the dwarves," Lindomiel replied to his implied question. "I am sorry, but I am very busy with preparations for winter, as you already said. And even if I did, I would be the first to admit that Galithil is much more familiar with the type of information that goes into a military report than I am. As for his safety, I do not know anything about what the reports from the Southern Patrol have said, but I do trust my adar to take care of Galithil if they go together to the village." Thranduil ignored Galithil's whispered 'thank you' to Lindomiel and turned instead to Tulus and Galuauth, the guard that had been assigned to Galithil while Colloth was in the south with Dolgailon. They were standing towards the back of the Hall in case their charges intended to return to the Green that evening. "What is your opinion on this matter, Galuauth?" he asked. "Do you feel comfortable escorting Galithil to his brother's village?" Galuauth looked between Galithil's hopeful expression and Thranduil's serious one. Then he looked at Tulus. Tulus gave a slight nod. "I believe I could keep Galithil safe on the way to the village," he finally said. "Especially so if lord Amglaur and another guard were to accompany us." Thranduil turned to Tulus. "And Galithil's swordsmanship? You have seen more of it on the training field than I have. Is it at least sufficient to give him some hope of being able to defend himself if you should encounter orcs?" Thranduil asked. Now Galithil's expression became nearly pleading. "Both Galithil and Legolas handle their weapons adequately, given the training they have had. They are no worse than many of the new warriors I saw defending the villages in the south before the training program was developed," Tulus answered. "Galithil might manage to kill an orc or two before he was killed himself if he found himself in a position where he was forced to defend himself unaided. Of course, I would not expect that to happen." Thranduil turned to Conuion. "Do you have a guard you could spare to accompany Amglaur?" The captain of the king's guards nodded. "We are stretched a bit thin, since I sent two guards with Celonhael and Golwon and two accompanied Dogailon south. But I could spare one more, my lord." Thranduil nodded in response to that and turned back to Galithil. "Very well, you may go," he finally said. Then he looked at Legolas and Amglaur. "All of you." That earned him a broad grin from Legolas and a scoffing snort from Amglaur. "But we are going to discuss at length exactly what I expect of you," Thranduil continued sternly. Galithil and Legolas both nodded as seriously as possible through their excitement. Dwarves had long been something that fascinated them both. The warriors at the Forest Gate watched silently as the small party of strange elves came to a stop at the edge of the forest just before passing under the branches that formed the Forest Gate. They studied it carefully, peering into the dark forest and up into the branches of the trees. Then one nudged his horse forward a few paces in front of the others. "May we pass?" he called, speaking Silvan, though it was accented slightly differently from that spoken by the warriors in the trees. "You may," one of the warriors responded in kind, leaping down from his post and landing lightly on the Path. "May we ask your names and the nature of your business? It has been a very long time since we have seen any of our brethren from Lothlorien. That is where you are from, unless I am much mistaken." "My name is Haldir," the elf responded. "And these are my brothers, Rumil and Orophin. We are indeed from Lorien. We have come in search of our lord Amglaur, who is, we believe, currently a guest of your king." The warrior nodded. He remembered the name Haldir from when the Queen first visited the Woodland Realm. It was a memorable name indeed, given that he had won most of the contests while he was here. It had been a very long time indeed, but this elf could very well be Haldir of Lothlorien. "You are correct," the warrior responded. "Lord Amglaur resides with the king and queen in the stronghold in the mountain that you will find at the end of this Path. It is a three day journey from here if you intend to ride hard. Longer if your pace is more leisurely." Haldir put his hand over his heart and bowed his thanks to the warrior. "With your permission, we will attempt to make the journey as quickly as possible. Our business with lord Amglaur is urgent." The warrior stepped back to the edge of the Path. "The road is yours," he said, returning Haldir's bow. With a nod, Haldir and his brothers urged their horses to a gallop down the dark forest path. The warrior signaled to his fellows in the trees around the Path. "Send the swiftest bird we have to the King to inform him of the passage of these Lothlorien elves," he ordered one of them. "And send another to the River, so that the officers there are forewarned of their arrival as well." Adar/ada - Father/dad Elleth/ellyth - Female elf/elves