worst, I reached for the sack labeled Legolas and handed it to the Elf. The label had been crumpled and nearly ripped, but I hardly noticed. My mood was immediately shattered as Legolas removed a rough, grey rock slightly larger than his hand. "A rock?" he asked, turning it over, searching for some hidden message. Fortunately for Gimli, Pippin came to his rescue. "A rock! Amazing! When you look at it from this angle, it looks like a tree!" "It does," Merry agreed cheerfully. "Maybe it was meant to be a reminder of your home." Legolas eyed Gimli curiously. "Perhaps. Would you care to open yours?" The Dwarf reached hesitantly for the sack labeled Gimli , as if he expected it to burst into flames. But, of course, it didn't, and Gimli reached in and pulled out a rock. Unlike Legolas, however, Gimli seemed delighted. "A rock! Wonderful! Look at the shape, the colors, the texture!" At first, I assumed he was making a jest, but finally realized he was completely serious. The mind of a Dwarf is something unfathomable. Merry and Boromir exchanged a look; only their gifts remained. "Open yours, Merry," Boromir suggested. To my surprise, Merry shook his head. "No. Open yours." As I reached for the sack nearest me, I could see that the label that read Boromir , had been folded many times on several distinct lines. The gifts made by Aragorn, Boromir, Pippin, Sam, Frodo, Gimli, and Legolas had already been given. That left Merry and Gandalf, and since it seemed unlikely that Merry, the instigator of this game, would keep his own name if he had drawn it, the gift I now held was from him. My curiosity returned as I handed the sack over to Boromir. What had Merry been making? As I expected, Boromir removed a small but thick, dark green, leather-bound book. He opened it to the first page, which read, "A Guide to the Customs and Traditions of the Shire." Then, in smaller letter, "Come and visit us when this journey is over." Boromir smiled warmly and ruffled Merry's hair. "I will." Gandalf lifted the last sack and handed it to Merry. The piece of paper had not been folded or wrinkled since it had been drawn, and Merry could still be read clearly. "It's heavy," Merry commented. "Maybe it's another rock," Pippin suggested. Merry laughed and pulled out a large block of stone, the same color as Legolas' rock. A picture had been carved into the rock, an image of the whole Fellowship, standing together. "Thank you, Merry," had been carved into the bottom of the image. Everyone gathered around Merry to look, smiling. Gandalf looked up at me from where he knelt by Merry's side. He winked, and I smiled back. The Fellowship, both in the image and in the Hall of Fire, was together at last. The Fellowship departed the next day. Sam and Merry left their gifts in Rivendell for safekeeping, and returned for them after their long journey was over. Merry kept his displayed in his Hobbit-hole, and Sam put his shovel to good use. Both have no doubt become family heirlooms. Pippin had quickly eaten his apple, but the seeds he kept, and, just as Sam spread his gift from Galadriel throughout the Shire, Pippin planted his seeds, carefully, spread across their homeland. It has become a legend among his people that his small bag of seeds was never emptied, and that, now and then, he could be seen wandering through the Shire, planting apple seeds. There is, perhaps, little truth to the tale, but the Hobbits greatly enjoy telling and retelling the story. The note he kept throughout his travels, reading it from time to time, and now it rests with him. Frodo kept his small model of Mount Doom with him for much of his long journey, until, at last, he entrusted it to Faramir, who returned it after the Quest was completed. I later learned that, many times, he had dropped the Ring into the model and that, for a few moments, the Quest did not seem so hopeless. Legolas and Gimli both left their rocks in Rivendell, and I do not believe they expected to retrieve them. When they did return for them, however, they came together, and, to this day, they will not part with them. Gifts once given without thought have become treasured possessions, and the source of endless laughter. At Pippin's request, Gandalf wore his gift when they departed, and continued to do so until, at last, when he fell from the Bridge of Khazad-dum, he somehow remembered to reach back and pull the string. The wings were burned to ashes in the Balrog's flames, but, to this day, Gandalf maintains that, for a few seconds, they slowed his descent, reminded him of Pippin, and gave him the will to keep fighting. Aragorn carried his gift until, at last, he reached Gondor. There, he left it in Merry's keeping when he and the others departed for the Black Gate. After the war was over, I am sure he used it many times, for though he had visited Gondor before, much had changed since then, and he had not made note, as Boromir had, of the best places for ale, for food, or simply for good company. Boromir bore the book that Merry had given him until his death at Amon Hen. Aragorn carried it with him, and at last gave it to Faramir, who kept his brother's promise to visit the Shire. As for me, I have kept the old pieces of paper with the names of the Fellowship, and brought them with me across the Sea. Here, in Valinor, where memories do not fade, Gandalf, Frodo, Sam, Legolas, Gimli, and I can look back and remember. And one of our fondest memories is of that night, in the Hall of Fire, where a mismatched group of nine strangers truly became the Fellowship of the Ring.