the place where Legolas made his father sit down, after they had entered the chamber. "Now ada, you have to close your eyes!" Obediently, Thranduil did as he was told. He heard Legolas rummaging in one of the drawers of his secretary. Occasionally he paused what he was doing to check whether Thranduil's eyes were still tightly shut. Excitedly, the king waited for his son to get ready. The elfling's presents always tended to be very special. Suddenly he felt the little creature climb up on his lap. With gentle hands his crown of summer leaves was lifted down his head and replaced with something else. "You are tickling me." A sudden chuckle escaped Thranduil's throat when Legolas fingers brushed against his sensitive ears. "May I open my eyes, now?" "Not yet." With that he let go of his father's head and grabbed something that lay next to him on the bed. "Now you can open your eyes." Surprised Thranduil found himself facing a little hand mirror, Legolas held up in front of him. With awe he looked at the new wreath that graced his head, now. Obviously it had been woven by the hands of a child. Soft brushwood formed a circlet out of which many berries and the coloured leaves of oaks and beeches peeked. "How do you like it ada?" Anxiously, Legolas waited for his father's reaction. Once again Thranduil marvelled at his son. Moved, he hugged Legolas tightly. "That is the most beautiful wreath I've ever worn, Legolas! How did you get the idea? Did you do it all by yourself?" "Vinyaunar told me why we are going to have a feast, tonight and after that he helped me to find all the leaves and to put the wreath together. But it was my idea." Thranduil smiled upon hearing his son's reply. Vinyaunar was his head advisor and even though the serious elf often pretended not to know any emotions, Legolas had been able to conquer his heart. "Are you going to wear it tonight, ada?" Legolas gave his father a hopeful look. "Tonight?" asked Thranduil. The exchange of the crowns was an important ceremony in the course of a year. He was not sure whether the other elfs would accept this departure from their tradition. He had not lied when he had told his son that his wreath was the most beautiful he had ever had, but it was still obvious that a child had woven it. Could he afford to look silly on one of the most important celebration of his people? On the other hand, though, there were these incredibly blue eyes he could not deny a thing. These eyes would not understand a refusal that was based on the thoughts of a grown-up. "It would be my pleasure." "I love you, ada!" When another wet kiss had touched his cheek, he knew that his decision was the only right one. "I love you, too, my star." The merrymaking was very merry, indeed. Not one elf of the forest could be found inside anymore. The entire night a soft hum of fair voices lay in the air. Even the birds seemed to dance to the harmonious tunes. All of the elves had gathered around the big bonfire that bathed the night in golden light. With big eyes, Legolas looked around. How everything sparkled in the flickering light of the fire. The elves who were not singing were dancing or drinking Greenwood's wine. When the moon told them that midnight was drawing near, Thranduil asked for silence. Everybody's attention was focused on their king, who proudly stood in their midst. As soon as he was sure that he had the attention of each elf, he started his speech: "Time goes ever on. Never do we elves realize this more than on occasions like these. In just a few minutes we are going to leave one season behind for another. One more time the circle closes and the leaves change. Most of us have witnessed this miracle so often that the number is beyond our count. Yet, on tonight's eve, we do not just celebrate Mother Nature, but us, too, for the seasons are as imperturbable as we are striving to be. Although we live in times that might grow even darker than they already are, we must not give up holding on to our values and customs. As long as the seasons tell their never-ending story there is hope for us, too. We all know that a dark power is casting its shadow over our beloved home. Already, some voices say a new name is needed for Greenwood. A name, which would mirror the danger, that lurks in the south. In my opinion the only way to withstand the shadow is to love. Just when we forsake hatred and love instead will the evil never be able to gain any control over our minds. This afternoon I received a present of love." With that he took Legolas' crown out of Vinyanaur's hands. "My son made this wreath, when he first learnt the reason for our celebration and so this crown is truer than some circlets of far-off kings. With your permission I am going to wear it tonight." Cheers rose all over the clearing. Seldom did they experience their king so sentimental. With a smile on his face he asked a beaming Legolas to come to him. He lifted him up on his arms and told him to do the same thing he had done earlier this day. When at last Legolas had crowned his father everyone fell into a new song, greeting the new season. The child himself did not hear it anymore. Comfortably placed in his father's arms his eyes grew distant and his mind went off to different shores. Thranduil placed a gentle kiss on his forehead. "I love you, my little star." The End It would be awesome if you could take the time to write a review:) Thank you!