Lord, you shall have a queen! Not dark, but beautiful and terrible as the dawn, treacherous as the sea, stronger than the foundations of the earth! All shall love ME and despair!" "Um, milady," said Legolas meekly, "I don't mean to ruin your little 'moment', but you're getting awfully scary looking, and I promised my mom I would watch only G rated things while I went on this quest." "Oh, sorry," said Galadriel. "I was only practicing." She went off to look for Frodo so she could do the same thing, only creepier, to try to make him give her the Ring. "You know what," said Aragorn, who had gone rather speechless during and after Galadriel's little "transformation," "I bet I could do that. It would be easy. All we would have to do is find a white background somewhere, put on a black dress and a blue wig, and then find a cool video camera somewhere that would do inverted colors. It would work!" "Who would be Galadriel?" questioned Legolas. "Me," replied Aragorn. The others stifled chuckles. "Ha!" said Legolas. "THAT would be interesting." "I'll show you," offered Aragorn. He stepped away from them a bit and grabbed the edges of his vest. "In place of a Dark Lord, you shall have a queen!" the ranger yelled, attempting to throw out his arms in "scary-Galadriel" manner. Unfortunately, he was still gripping the edges of his vest and merely ripped it off, to the others' great amusement. "Oh, that was lovely," said Legolas, applauding. —————————— During the battle of Amon-hen, Merry and Pippin tried to copy Legolas by finding an oliphant (escaped from the Southrons. Don't ask us how) and trying to climb it. They were squished. Before they were flattened, however, Boromir tried to save them, but was shot in the chest eight times. When the oliphant stepped off the Hobbits, they were as flat as sheets of paper. Nevertheless, being as resilient as they were, they soon popped back into shape. Seeing this, Boromir began laughing hysterically. "Ha! Ha! He! Ow! He! Ow!" Then, he wisely sought medical attention. However, Aragorn was the worst physician in Middle-earth and ended up deforming Boromir. The gondorian's legs were switched with his arms, his head was on his right foot, and his hands were on his knees. After this, Boromir was so angry he tried to bum-rush Aragorn. Aragorn was shocked with the failure of the operation. (He didn't mention anything about wanting to eliminate possible rivals to the throne of Gondor, however) Aragorn apologized to Boromir and procured for him a real doctor, Elrond. Boromir cartwheeled to Rivendell. When he arrived, Elrond put him back together, but, sadly, he died of arrow injuries. —————————— One day, Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli traveled through Fangorn Forest looking for Merry and Pippin. After Legolas announced ominously, "The White Wizard approaches," Aragorn said: "Do not let him speak. He will put a spell on us." All hands went to weapons. "We must be quick," instructed Aragorn. The warrior trio turned about swiftly with the intention to kill, but their weapons were rendered useless. The wizard emitted a bright light from himself that nearly blinded the three. "You are tracking the footsteps of two young Hobbits," he said in a voice that sounded remarkably like a digital combination of Gandalf and Saruman's individual vocalizations. "Where are they?" questioned Aragorn. "They passed this way the day before yesterday. They met someone they did not expect. Does that comfort you?" "Who are you?" asked Aragorn. "Show yourself!" The bright light was cut off, and to the trio's surprise, it was Gandalf. All was perfectly silent until Legolas unexpectedly burst out laughing, followed by Gimli and Aragorn. "What?" demanded Gandalf. "What is so funny? This is not funny! I order you to stop laughing!" "We are laughing at—at what you are wearing!" "Have you never seen tie-dye before?" asked Gandalf. "I happen to be fond of my tie-dye clothes, my hippie glasses, my giant peace sign necklace, as well as my mood-ring and afro!" "Ha, ha, ha, a…ha, ha! Ungols and ungwes!" said Legolas, pointing at Gandalf's nose. "What? Spiders and spider webs? What are you talking about?" "There is a spider hanging out of your nose!" said Aragorn. Gandalf's eyes widened with horror as he looked down and saw that they were right. "AHH!" cried Gandalf. "Yee, spider! AHH, spiders! I hate spiders! AHHH!" He dropped his staff and ran around like a maniac. Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli only laughed the louder. —————————— As Gandalf, Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli were walking near an Isengard watchtower, they heard the strange, retarded, and disturbing noise of an orc yelling, "Defend the towers!" The orc then said it again…and again…and again. "Bothersome!" yelled Gandalf. He raised his staff and fired a bolt of lightening towards the orc. "Defend the—!" said the orc before he was zapped and the tower toppled down into a pile of rubble. "That was odd," said Legolas. "Very," agreed Gimli. —————————— While all of this had been going on, Frodo, Sam, and Sméagol had been climbing the steep stairs to Shelob's Lair. The Ring continued to make Frodo weaker by the minute. Knowing this, Sam attempted to make a generous offer, but was assaulted by a strange occurrence. "I could carry it for a while," he said, but a mysterious echo followed after. "Carry it for a while…carry it for a while…carry it for a while…" "Share the load!" continued Sam. "The load…the load…the load…" Frodo and Sméagol stared quizzically at Sam. "What?" questioned the gardener. "What…what…what?" "Sam!" cried Frodo. "How are you doing that?" "Doing what, Mr. Frodo?" asked Sam. "Mr. Frodo…Mr. Frodo…Mr. Frodo…" "Are you stuck on?" asked Sméagol. "Stuck on what?" inquired Sam. "What…what…what?" "Stop that, Sam!" commanded Frodo. "Stop what, Mr. Frodo?" said Sam. "What, Mr. Frodo…Mr. Frodo…Mr. Frodo?" "That!" replied Frodo. "Just don't speak!" "Yes, Mr. Frodo!" said Sam in wonder. "Yes, Mr. Frodo…Yes, Mr. Frodo…Yes, Mr. Frodo…" To Be Continued…