in the face, seeing the bodies of innocent children hurt in burnt, devastated villages. And to top it all, Borongil suffered another deep wound – he had lost his father. Aragorn swore to himself that no child would ever experience the horrors of war for as long as he was king. Childhood was the time for joy and freedom from care. "I wish I could have come earlier," Aragorn said watching Elleniel in the eyes. It pained him that he wasn't able to tell her the news himself, as painful as that would have been for him too. His heart always bled when he had to knock on a door, bearing the news which everyone dreaded. But at the same time, he never delegated this sad duty to someone else; he was the leader of his people and this was his task. "You are here now," she responded. "I really wanted to come earlier," he repeated, "but in Gondor..." "As I said, you are here now and that is all that matters," she interrupted him. "I completely understand the situation you were in. And Halbarad would understand it as well." Her eyes were warm and full of understanding. And although Aragorn knew he had done the only right thing, and as much as he had hoped that both Halbarad and Elleniel would understand him, he was relieved when it was finally said out loud. In her gaze, as well as in Borongil's, there was not a trace of resentment. He nodded his thanks to her. "Were you with him... during the last moments?" the young man asked. His voice trembled for a moment, revealing his pain. "Unfortunately, no." Aragorn shook his head, deeply regretting the fact. "We split during the battle. I would give anything if I could have been by his side." If I had been, I might have been able to save him , he added wordlessly. But now he will never know. "I hope I will come to Pelennor some day," Borongil said pensively. "And lay down a flower for him on the grave-mounds." Aragorn did not reply immediately, but looked at Elleniel instead. "I believe you are familiar with his last wish?" "What last wish?" Borongil suddenly asked, while his mother nodded her head at the very same moment. "Your father is not buried at Pelennor. Instead, we prepared him a funeral pyre, just like he wanted," Aragorn told him softly. "As you know, he loved this country very much. And he wanted his ashes to be scattered here in case he met his death somewhere far away." "Oh." Borongil was silent for a while, musing about what he had just heard. "So..." he stopped, and his gaze rested on the small chest which was lying on the grass next to them. "Yes. His ashes are stored inside," Aragorn confirmed, answering the unspoken question. Borongil kept quiet, and then smiled mildly. "Well... it is a nice wish. I am glad. I mean..." he paused, trying to find the right words. "I will feel like he is close to me. Yes, that's true." "When you smile like that, you look so much like him," Aragorn said, moved. "As if I am looking at a younger version of him." "Exactly," Elleniel agreed, her voice trembling and her gaze infused with love. They were silent for a few moments. Then Aragorn took a deep breath, feeling his heart beat harder. It is time. "Shall we?" he asked gravely, and they nodded. He stood up and opened the chest which he had been guarding carefully for a year already, and then he did the same with a box which was inside it. "My cousin. My brother..." he whispered, his throat tight. And then together, with their hands entwined on the chest and joined by the bond of love, they scattered the ashes of the man they loved more than life and let the gentle breeze carry it across the glade and the brook. His hand trembled for a moment, and their entire life flashed before his eyes – all the decades of joy and sorrow they experienced together – compressed in a single heartbeat. Welcome home, brother ... tears rolled down his cheeks, but he did not even attempt to wipe them. Next to him, Elleniel sobbed. Borongil, himself teary-eyed, put his arm around her shoulder, and Aragorn around the other. They stood in a silent embrace long after the last particles merged with the ground, trees and flowers, overwhelmed by thoughts and memories, not noticing the sun descending towards the horizon nor the rustling of leaves and the gurgling of the brook. "I am sure he would not want us to cry," Elleniel whispered, wiping her wet cheeks. "He would want us to rejoice to our new life." "Yes, that was him..." Aragorn said softly, and leaned over to kiss her on the forehead. "My brave friend," he added gently. "This is exactly where he gave me my first wooden sword," Borongil said quietly, attempting to smile. "And then we practiced and played for hours... a perfect day." "Here is where I started to feel like one of the Dúnedain, as if I really belonged here. Thanks to him," Aragorn added, navigating his own memories. "Here is where he first kissed me," Elleniel said with a wistful but warm smile, and the shadow in her teary eyes, although it couldn't disappear entirely, finally faded away for a few moments. "Here is where he asked me to marry him..." And so they continued to revisit happy memories, talking about all the nice things they associated with Halbarad. The golden orb set behind the horizon, the afternoon transformed into a crimson evening, and the three people continued to sit in the glade, holding hands and talking. Occasionaly they would let out a melancholy sigh; occasionally they would smile. And the fourth man, whose ashes had been committed to the land he loved so much, was with them, in their hearts. Forever.