to convince himself that he was not holding his tongue out of any fondness for Anomen. Poor Elrohir! He could never be as nasty as he wished to be! Creeping quietly through the garden, Anomen eluded all late-night visitors to that place (including several pairs of Elves in compromising positions) and safely made it over the wall, the gate being inconveniently guarded. The placing of this guard was an innovation lately decreed by Elrond, who was becoming vexed at the number of elfling escapes that had lately taken place. The next morning, Elrond surveyed the table as he entered the dining Hall to break fast. Arwen. Elladan. Elrohir. No Anomen. Given Anomen's peculiar behavior at dinner the preceding night, Elrond was not altogether surprised, but he sighed nonetheless and began the interrogations. Elrond had learned that if Anomen did not show up for breakfast, it was best to immediately make inquiries as to his whereabouts. It must be said that he had purchased this knowledge at some cost. "Elladan, Elrohir, where is your brother?" "Not here," replied Elrohir. Elrond was not prone to using sarcasm with his children, but in this case he could not forbear. "Thank you for that helpful observation, Elrohir. Now where is he?" "He is not in our chamber," said Elladan. "Could you be more precise," asked Elrond, trying to keep his eyebrows under control. "He is not in the Hall," said Elrohir. 'Better and better', thought Elrond. Aloud, he said, "That leaves a lot of places in Middle-earth where he may not be. Pray continue." "I think," said Elladan, "that he is probably not in Imladris." "Do you happen to know where he is ?" "No, Ada," chorused the twins simultaneously. "He has gone after Mithrandir," Erestor suddenly declared. "Nonsense!" said Glorfindel. "Mithrandir is leagues away, and, as usual, no one knows where he has gotten himself to. Anomen wouldn't have the first idea where to start looking for him. Anomen can be impulsive, but surely he wouldn't be so foolish as to run away in search of a wizard who could be anywhere in Middle-earth. Why, for all we know, Mithrandir is reconnoitering Minas Morgul itself." "Yes," said Erestor desperately. "That is what I am afraid of! Because if he is, that is where Anomen will make for." "But he wouldn't know to make for Minas Morgul," said Glorfindel impatiently. "Oh, yes, he would!" insisted Erestor, who was growing frantic. "Erestor," said Elrond gently, "why are you so sure that Anomen has gone after Mithrandir?" "His arm has been paining him dreadfully. He has nearly rubbed it raw." Elrond and Glorfindel both stared at Erestor as if he had taken leave of his senses. "I mean," Erestor amended, "his birthmark has been paining him dreadfully." "Ah," said Elrond, the truth dawning upon him. "The birthmark that looks like the word 'nine'? "Yes!" "What of it?" asked Glorfindel, still not comprehending. "That sort of discomfort can be treated with an ointment. It would hardly give an elfling a reason to run off." Ignoring Glorfindel, Elrond continued. "So you think, Erestor, that Anomen has sensed that Mithrandir is in danger, perhaps injured. But why would he not come to one of us and express his fears so that we might act upon them?" Erestor bowed his head. He did not want to meet Elrond's eye. "I belittled his belief that Mithrandir was in danger and threatened him with punishment if he spoke of it again." "You-threatened- Anomen ," growled Glorfindel, who was now looking very threatening himself. "You- threatened -Anomen." "And why not?" retorted Erestor defensively. " You threaten him often enough. You are always saying to him 'I shall skin you' or 'I shall have your head'. At least I only threatened to make him copy out the alphabet one thousand times." "This is not helping matters," Elrond interrupted. "Let me see if I understand you aright, Erestor. You prevented Anomen from speaking of his fears to a grown-up. What was your reasoning?" "I did not want him to get hurt." "Would you kindly explain to me how speaking to a grown-up would have imperiled the young one?" Erestor, who prided himself upon his mastery of logic, suddenly came to a full realization of just how illogical he had been. His goal had been to safeguard the elfling, yet by preventing Elrond and Glorfindel from getting involved, he had all but guaranteed that Anomen would run off into danger. Only by encouraging Anomen to speak could the tutor have kept him safe in Rivendell, for then the elfling could have been reassured that the grown-ups would do something on Gandalf's behalf. "I am a fool," he said bitterly. "I am a fool, and I have sent Anomen to his death." "Matters have not yet reached so dire a pass," said Elrond. "He was present at dinner last night. He cannot have gone far. Glorfindel—" "I shall set out with a patrol within the hour." Glorfindel of course had had much practice in quickly marshalling his forces in order to set out in pursuit of Anomen. "I shall skin him," he muttered as he left the chamber. Had the situation been less serious, Erestor would have triumphantly exclaimed, 'See! There you go again—threatening the lad'. As it was, however, he was too miserable to pay attention to Glorfindel's parting words. He was so miserable, in fact, that he waved Elrohir and Elladan away when they arrived at the library for lessons. One would have thought that those young ones at least would have been happy, but it was such an astonishing development, that Erestor should give over lessons, that both Elrohir and Elladan were suddenly seized with fear for their foster-brother. And so they crept quietly away to the garden and whiled away the day playing gently with Arwen, who needed to be entertained because she had somehow imbibed the fear felt by her brothers. Thus it was that a pall settled over all of Rivendell.