young hobbit whirled around and sped away to locate cover, which he soon found manifested in the form of a toppled table. The dragon flew over in the nick of time, just missing him. Frodo saw it streak away into the night, followed by a large explosion and the telltale shrieking of fireworks—a brilliant display! The dragon had burst into an incredible profusion of dazzling reddish colors all across the dark sky. Frodo would have been impressed had his life not just been imperiled. He was actually rather upset. While the other Hobbits gaped at the firework's fading remnants, Frodo approached Gandalf. "Excuse me," he said crossly, "but can't you keep your fireworks in hand? You almost killed me!" Gandalf was laughing, pleased with Frodo's annoyance AND the opportunity to use one of the lines of which Frodo had deprived him that morning. "If you're referring to the incident with the dragon, I was barely involved!" After Bilbo's infamous disappearing trick, which Frodo figured was a hoax, especially since Gandalf didn't seem at all surprised, Frodo found the sagacious wizard inside Bag End, examining with scrutiny a golden ring. "Where's Bilbo?" he asked hesitantly, ascertaining that something wasn't right here. "He's gone to stay with the Elves; he has left you Bag End, along with all his possessions. The Ring is yours now." "Is that all?" "Uh…," said Gandalf, looking very hard at a few charred-looking sheets of paper he held in his other hand. "What's that?" Frodo inquired. "What?" "The papers." "Oh—uh—nothing, nothing," stuttered Gandalf. "Just some—uh—notes I took when Bilbo was talking with me." "About what? And why do they look burnt?" "It's—uh—well—a secret," said Gandalf. "He didn't want you to know. I accidentally lit them on fire when I was... uh... smoking earlier. Yeah." "Um… I guess he can have his secrets," Frodo replied doubtfully. "And you really ought to be more careful." "Well," continued Gandalf, "there is something Bilbo wanted you to know." "There is?" "Yes…it's about the Ring," Gandalf glanced at the papers and went on. "The Ring is evil, Frodo! You cannot lose—" a quick glance at the paper, "um—use it." "Why would I even want to use it? What can it do?" "It can—um…" Gandalf peeked at the paper once more. "It can make you invisible." "Invisible?" "Uh, yes, it can make you invisible." "And why can't I use it?" "Because…um…it…um…is evil!" Frodo took the Ring from Gandalf and inspected it carefully. Without warning, there came from it a faint whisper—"Ash nazg…" Frodo cried out in alarm. "You see?" said Gandalf, who knew of the tiny two-way microphone hidden in the ring. "It is evil!" "I know!" "Then why did you ask?" "Because I just wanted to annoy you," laughed Frodo. Gandalf appeared immensely perturbed at this comment, forgetting that he was supposed to smile when he was angry, and examined the paper for a very long time afterward. "Oh…," he said. "I see I have to exeunt out the front—uh—never mind." "WHAT?" "I said—um—I see…. Uh, I have to practice in the—um—hunt?" "'Exeunt' and 'practice' don't rhyme," snapped Frodo, unconvinced. "Fine, you want the truth?" "No, I want you to tell me a lie," Frodo said sarcastically. "Of course I want the truth!" "Well…" said Gandalf cautiously. "I… oh, what's this?" He surreptitiously snatched a piece of paper that had fallen down the chimney (almost unnoticeably attached to a fishhook) and furtively began to read it. There was a sharp rap at the window. "What?" cried Gandalf, staring intently at the paper. "It doesn't say anything about that in the—oh…" He ran over to the window. "Confounded old Samwise Gamgee!" (Very obviously reading off the paper.) "Have you been eavesdropping?" He grabbed Sam and pulled him in through the window. "I haven't been dropping no eaves, sir, honest!" pleaded Sam. "I was just cuttin' the grass under the window there! You follow me?" He brandished his clippers convincingly. Gandalf decided to skip to the point. "Anyway…." He turned to the last page of his papers. "The Ring is evil, and I want you to take it to the Preening—uh—Prancing Pony, where I will meet you. I have some other jobs to attend to while you journey there… Oh yes, do not travel by road. And Sam can go with you." Frodo glanced down at the Ring dubiously. "Oh, um, Frodo," Gandalf continued, turning around towards the two Hobbits, "go to Farmer Maggot's. There, I have some help for you. They will take you to the Preen… Prancing Pony." Gandalf opened the door and walked out, slamming it behind him. Frodo opened the envelope and took the Ring from inside. "Something strange is going on," he said, holding it up in the candlelight, "and I plan to find out what it is." "Well, we best start packin' if we're going to be leavin' in the mornin'." "Yes, that would probably be best." "Elrond! Elrond!" cried Gandalf, rushing into the elven lord's makeshift study, held in a large red pavilion outside the Shire. "What?" mumbled the elf, trying to appear terribly bothered. "What do you want, you old bum?" He dipped his quill pen in some ink and Gandalf heard the subtle scritch-scratch of writing. "Uh… I, um… what I mean to say is that I… well—!" "Out with it!" barked Elrond, looking up briefly, his eyes darker than usual. "I burnt my script!" Gandalf blurted. "You. Burnt. Your. Script." The voice was that of quiet restrained anger that might become rather unrestrained at any moment. Gandalf took the hint early and fell to his knees to grovel. "YOU BURNT YOUR SCRIPT!" The elf-lord entirely flew off the handle. "NO WONDER YOU COMPLETELY RUINED—!" "I'm sorry—please don't fire me! I'm only a lowly wizard with no other way to make a—" "Number one: NEVER interrupt me again!" roared Elrond. "Number two: don't waste my valuable time with your petty excuses! You have fifteen seconds to convince me not to fire you." To be continued...