"I promise to be very good." Margery's bushy grey brows rose, just a wee bit. "Peregrin Took, I've heard that particular piecrust promise before. But I dare say you mean it at the moment and that's all I'll get." The words could have been harsh, but for the twinkle in her brown eyes. She nodded towards the tray. "Don't forget the ginger tea. It will help with the fever. "Dumping her knitting on the floor, Margery started to rummage within the several capacious pockets secreted amongst the folds of her voluminous skirt and pinafore. All too aware of what was about to come, Pippin gave her his best innocent smile . . . and a beautiful smile it was too, young and positively angelic and sweet, where it not for the knowledge of his history. Nonetheless, he dutifully began to alternate bites of strawberry treat with ginger tea, as instructed. "May I save the peppermint tea to wash down the tonic," he begged. "Aye," Margery replied distractedly as she stood, pushing her hands ever deeper into her pockets before finally rooting out a brown glass bottle with a loud, "Aha! There you are." The sight of the bottle made Pippin decidedly nervous and he shrank into a small bundle, looking very much afraid. He clutched the cup of peppermint tea close but, after a deep breath, his green eyes gazed steadily, unflinchingly, up at his nurse. "There now, Pip lad," Margery coaxed. "You've had Margery's tonic before and it's always done you good." She searched the tray, finally locating an almost clean spoon, and wiped it on a napkin with one hand, while she shook the bottle so vigorously with the other that her ample bosom jiggled alarmingly and the floorboards beneath her feet began to creak in protest. Pippin sat, wide-eyed and half ready to flee in terror as he watched the ritual, like a rabbit before a snake and his fingers clutched, white knuckled, about his cup of tea. Then he watched in horror as the cork was worried free and Margery tipped the open neck of the bottle over the spoon. The spoon waited . . . and waited . . . and waited. Finally a thin dribble of thick, dark red, 'almost liquid' descended into the bowl of the spoon and the room was suddenly permeated with the undeniable smell of a bag of very old, very rusty nails. That was enough for Pippin. He bent over his cup of peppermint tea, senses reeling. "Margery . . . I think I . . . may have to be sick," he mustered at last, choking out the words with no semblance of a lie, his face beginning to turn as green as Margery's knitting. At once the nursemaid's voice took on the cadence of one used to bringing a roomful of fauntlings into line. "Peregrin Took, don't you dare bring back all that food. Your Mama did not raise you to be so wasteful." She reached forward to pinch the small button nose, bringing the spoon to his lips. "One swallow and it's gone." Margery's voice had none of the desired effect – Pippin was too far gone. The pinching of the little nose, however, was another story. If he wanted to continue breathing he had to open his mouth and at least with his nose held he could no longer smell the offending 'almost liquid'. So he screwed his eyes shut and opened his mouth wide. "That's my brave Pip lad," Margery crooned . . . although her eyes rested for a moment on the pink maw before she inserted the spoon. "Just one swallow and then there's your nice mint tea and a hug if you want it." "Pippin swallowed quickly, the corners of his mouth turning down in a quite involuntary response as the spoon was removed and his nose released. Taking a huge gulp of the sweet peppermint tea at once, he then sought the comfort of his nurse's expansive embrace. Well aware that her tonic had the ability to make a grown hobbit cry, Margery was used to dispensing her own particular brand of sugar to her younger charges. The feather mattress dipped as she settled at Pippin's side, gathering him under her wing. If Pippin had been expecting soothing words of endearment he was destined to be disappointed, however. "Jumper! I knew that pink reminded me of something. Tis a shame you grew out of that jumper I knitted you when you were a babe. I must get some more wool and knit you another." Pippin was, at least, consoled for a moment . . . though the mention of the jumper filled the bright green eyes with dread. When he was expected, after his mother had birthed three bonnie lasses, everyone just assumed that the fourth would be a lass too. That pink jumper seemed to grow with him for years, stretching with every wash until Pippin himself had been forced to 'encourage' it to fall apart. He decided to conceal his discomfort at its mention, however, preferring to rest in Margery's embrace for as long as she would allow. Perhaps there was some wisdom in that little head after all. "Although maybe you're a bit old to wear pink now," Margery added. In the way only a nursemaid could manage Margery held Pippin close with one hand whilst moving the denuded to tray to rest upon the seat of her rocker. As she did so she spotted the somnolent green woollen serpent curled upon the floor. "Oh, I've just the colour to go with your eyes," she declared proudly. Relief brightened her charge's gaze . . . green serpent or no, it wasn't pink. His belly filled, Pippen snuggled comfortably close, sighing contentedly at last. "Margery, I love you," he murmured as he drifted into sleep. Margery kissed the crown of Pippins golden curls distractedly as she estimated the amount of wool needed for his new jumper. END 11