The prince's hand was already swollen to twice its size and the skin around the two puncture holes had turned a nasty bluish color under the blood. Lifting Legolas' hand to his mouth, Aragorn began to suck, trying to draw out the poison. Spitting the contents out, he pressed his lips back to the skin. Legolas' hand jerked once at the pain but Aragorn stilled the movement with ease as he gripped his friend's wrist with enough force to bruise it. For several long minutes, both where silent as Aragorn continued to work. When at least the man deemed he had drawn all the poison he could forth, he leaned back, the worried look not leaving his face. "Your right, it was your fault." He agreed going back to the conversation from before after he had washed out his own mouth. Rummaging through his pack he brought out his healing bag and began to swift through his many herbs, "You don't play with poisons creatures." He scolded once more, before looking down with surprise as Legolas tugged feebly on his tunic. "What?" "Help me up?" the elf murmured, holding out his good hand in a silent plea. "Do you feel up to it?" the man asked, then shook his head, "That was a stupid question. If you had glass in your feet you would insist on walking, you stubborn elf." Still, he took the Mirkwood Prince's hand and pulled him gently up into a sitting position, bracing his other hand under his elbow till he was sure that the prince would be able to stay up on his own. Legolas heaved a breath, making a face as everything seemed to swirl around him and his hand throbbed forcefully at the movement. Gripping his friend's shoulder hard for support, Legolas closed his eyes. Aragorn, meanwhile, began to dab a yellow slave of some sort onto the puncture wounds, glancing up to see how Legolas was doing every few seconds. He wrapped the wound in soft, off white, bandages, his fingers gentle and tender around the blue tinged swollen skin, though both had gone down some. "I still don't understand. That snake was dangerous. Next thing I know you'll be taking home giant spiders as pets and insisting to your father that it is not their fault that they kill elves." Aragorn teased, tucking the end of the cloth in and gripping Legolas' hand comfortingly for a moment. "Spiders are pure evil." Legolas began, looking crossly at the man, "The snake was just a snake." He sighed loudly with contempt as Aragorn checked his temperature with one hand and his pulse with the other. "Well, next time admire them from a distance." Aragorn stated with a little shake of his head. "I would've!" Legolas protested a small grinning creeping over his face and taking over the grimace. Now that Aragorn had cared for the injury, the pain had faded to a dull throb and it was easy for him to push it even further back, "But you needed saving!" Aragorn rolled his eyes and got to his feet, keeping a steadying hand on Legolas' shoulder just in case the pale elf toppled over. "Be glad that you are an elf, for you should be feeling more like yourself in a few days of rest." He said not unkindly, "I managed to stop the venom before it got too far." "I don't need to rest, though," Legolas complained, scrambling to his feet only to take a nose dive as his world spun out of proportion and his vision grayed. Hitting the ground hard with a thud, Legolas let out a low moan and stayed where he was at, feeling slightly nauseous now. "Legolas?" he heard Aragorn question and then a warm hand was pressed against his back. A slight tint of expiration was heard in the human's voice and Legolas had to smile, despite how miserable he was feeling. He never failed to annoy whichever healer was tending to him. "Come on," Aragorn grunted, getting his hands under the elf's shoulders and hauling him back up and onto his feet, easily supporting him when Legolas began to waver. "Keep that hand elevated." He ordered as he looped an arm around the elf's slim waist and ducked under his good arm. "I remember a spot not to far back that will work as shelter for the next few days." Legolas nodded wearily, no longer protesting as he brought his bitten hand up and clasped his opposite shoulder. Leaning most of his weight against his friend, the two began to move slowly forward. "Can I talk to the trees?" Legolas asked, grinning again even as Aragorn was forced to tighten his grip on him as they climbed the small hill that they had rolled down not so long ago. "As long as you don't while I am trying to talk to you." Aragorn compromised, also smiling. "I'll do my best." Legolas said waspishly, flexing and clenching the fingers of his bitten hand into his shoulder in an attempt to rid it of the tingling that had become present ever since Aragorn's belt had cut off his blood circulation. "Good." Aragorn retorted smartly and began to laugh as Legolas tossed him a special glare that was reserved for such occasions, "At least the snake has not hampered you're ability to drill a hole through me with your eyes." The human remarked, eyeing the elf out of the corner of his eye to see his reaction. Legolas' melodic laugh echoed through the air, and soon the two friends had disappeared into the trees. THE END A/N Well, that was my own prompt for myself! Now it is your turn! If you want to that is... you certainly don't have to if you odn't want to. I just thought that it would be fun to try! Thanks! As aways, feel free to tell me good or bad. :) Next story will involve a young Legolas and twins withThranduil!