one had left the security found in numbers, and the Elves would make sure its decision would be fatal. Without turning his head and with barely even a movement of his lips, Thalion breathed, "Shall I shoot?" From the position where his friend stood he had, Legolas realised, the clearest view of the monster, so he gave an almost imperceptible nod of assent. Silently Thalion raised the bow he had held loosely clasped in his hand and carefully withdrew a single crimson-feathered arrow from the quiver at his back. His strong fingers drew back the string, and with a musical "twang" the shaft flew from his hand, catching a leaf as it passed before embedding itself in the head of the spider. It twitched horribly and an enraged hiss escaped as it lumbered around to face the one who had dared cause such pain. Even as Thalion sent another arrow to extinguish the glare of one of the many eyes, the beast, mortally wounded, gave a final convulsive jerk and was still. The Elves looked at their fallen foe in disgust. "Curse them!" Thalion spat out suddenly. "Creatures of Belegurth! How dare they come within ten leagues of the dwellings of the Edhil!" His companions looked at him in surprise at this sudden outburst, for of late they had thought that his temper was becoming more controlled. "Thalion," Legolas said gently. "We all hate them, but shouting angry words will only bring more down upon us...and while it is better to show defiance in actions than in words, it is also preferable to be the party doing the ambushing, not one of those surrounded by enemies." The other nodded, looking eagerly at his friend and captain. "Then we are going to spring an attack on them?" Legolas shook his head reluctantly, for despite his prudent words, the child who had loved adventure was still alive somewhere deep inside him. "We will go on as we have begun… but cautiously. If there are more alone and unawares, these we can kill. Awake and in greater numbers...as I have said, that is a different matter." Thrice more as they walked on they came across great dark brutes, Annúmír killing two and Legolas the last. To the Elves who knew Mirkwood so well, there seemed an alertness in the trees that was unusual, but though Legolas knew it to be related to the foreign presence somewhere under the canopy of leaves, he said nothing to his companions when they commented upon it. All at once, a glade opened before them, the beauty of the trees and grass destroyed by the sticky trails that crossed and re-crossed, and by the many black forms that hung from branches, dozed, or scuttled among the trunks. Legolas, Annúmír and Thalion exchanged glances and retreated a little way into the forest to where they could speak without alerting the spiders to their presence. "How many did you reckon there to be?" Legolas murmured. "I made it fifty at the least." The others nodded agreement, looking to him for instruction. "We cannot hope to destroy them ourselves, so I believe the best course would be to attempt to circle the area and discover how far it extends so we are able to give an accurate report to my father and have sufficient knowledge to plan an effective attack. Since there are only three of us, we shall have to keep together." Their plan of action determined, they moved with a rapid efficiency born of years of practice. Weaving among the trees, they maintained a distance just sufficient to keep the spiders in sight, whilst not being observed themselves. The colony ranged over a region some three-quarters of a mile in diameter, with perhaps twice as many inhabitants as Legolas' first estimate. Thalion insisted on a second circuit, several hundred paces outside the first, to enable them to find and kill any isolated creatures and in this way some fifteen more were slain. Eventually, however, they had to accept they had done all that could be expected of three Elves against a hundred giant spiders, and as the Sun began to tip slowly towards the Western Sea they made their way to the Elven-path in order to return to the palace. As they stepped out onto the open trail, to their anger they saw some spider had ventured to stretch a length of cobweb across the path. Long ago, when the creatures first ventured North, the Elves had taught them to attempt to block the Elven-way meant death, but of late the creatures had once more begun to spin their webs across the path, and it was a regular task to keep it clear. Only an Elvish blade could harm those great rope-like strands, so Legolas drew his white knife, slicing down through the cords that sprang back from the keen edge. This done, they began to walk swiftly towards their homes, but after only a few steps Legolas stopped short. His keen ears had picked up once more a distant sound, but more than that, the awareness of the alien beings had returned with greater intensity. It was a presence he did not recognise-neither Elf, Man nor beast, yet at the same time he had a vague recollection of familiarity: the knowledge that would reveal to him precisely what it was that trod the path behind them seemed to lie on the edge of memory, if only he could grasp it. "Legolas?" Annúmír's expression full of concern for his friend, who had without warning drifted into a reverie. Legolas looked up sharply, and the memory was lost. He smiled briefly to reassure his companions, then set off along the path, recalling the words of Eluial that morning and knowing his father would be displeased if they remained absent any longer. The desire to turn in the opposite direction and search until he found whatever it was that caused such disturbances among the trees and within himself was resolutely ignored.