make sure you do not get yourself killed. As I said before I do not care to have your blood on my hands. Despite what you think I am no orc" "Fair enough, shall we break camp?" "I thought you would never ask." Her response was filled with sarcasm. Getting up from her crouched position she went over and doused the fire, "Leave as little traces of camp as you can, goblins might try and follow us, losing their kind in battle does not sit well with them - especially a group that size." Thranduil rose up from the ground and winced when his wounds protested. His shoulder and side were obviously still stiff which was to be expected. It would be a while yet before he could move with grace. He had a hard time bending to collect his things off the ground. Celebrial noticed his pain and felt a touch of sympathy for him, "Go see to your horse, I'll do the cleaning up." To hide her charitable gesture she added, "I do not trust you to do a proper job, I would rather make sure the job is done thoroughly and that there would be no way to for them to trace us." Thranduil smiled to himself. She obviously cared more than she would let on, but why would she hide that behind gruffness? Was she too afraid to care? That could be it – the reason why she never showed affection was because she was too afraid that if she did she would become too attached and he doubted that she could stand to lose another person she cared for. He shook his head in pity. No one deserved to live the way she did – too afraid to feel again. It was much easier to face the world with toughness. But then again they only knew each other for a day, who knew; maybe she was always sharp around the edges. "Everything looks in place here. Let us get going." Celebrial spoke softly from behind him. They followed the river upward certain that it would lead them to the town of men. They continued on in silence until the sun set below the horizon. Җ "We make camp here; it is too dark to go much further." Celebrial procured a flint and tinderbox and set about making a camp-fire, "We shall continue before dawn." Thranduil relieved his horse of the small baggage that he brought. All it contained were spare clothes; lembas, dried meat and fruit and a decanter of water one that he intended to fill up with fresh water from the river. Once the fire got going the two sat around it, "I hope you intend to share some of your food. It is too dangerous to go out hunting." Thranduil looked at her with every intention of giving a sharp retort but thought against it. It will only cause them to bicker again and he had enough for one day. He got up and went scratching through his bag. Once he got two wafers of elven bread and some dried meat he took his previous place and handed Celebrial her share, "You know, you have not really told me anything of yourself only that your home and family were destroyed by the goblins. Tell me about your life before then." "I will tell you only what I intend to and I do not intend to tell you about my past. You have your secrets and I have mine." She said bitterly. ' She is one tough nut to crack but I will not give up until she opens up. Keeping things bottled up cannot be good for anyone.' "Surely there is something you can tell me of yourself." "Listen to me carefully; I have nothing to share with you. Everything you know about me is all you need to know – nothing more. If I wanted to give you my life-stories I would have done it sooner!" "What are you so afraid of?" In a flash she was on her feet and in Thranduil's face, "Why do you keep pushing me into telling you things that are none of your business?! Get it through your thick skull that I will not speak to you of my past and whatever else you want to know!! I am entitled to my secrets just as much as you are!!" With that she stormed off into the darkness. "Celebrial!! Celebrial, come back!! It is too dangerous out there!! Celebrial, look I am –." It was too late; she had already disappeared into the gaping darkness, "Sorry." Thranduil was mentally berating himself. He was thoughtless in pushing her. But who knew she had such close boundaries? He thought it best that he got up and start searching for her before she ran into any trouble, "Come, Barasath, let us try and repair the damage I caused." He sighed and walked off into the night in search of one hot-tempered elleth. Җ Translations: Barasath: Fiery Shadow Edain: Elvish term for men Elleth, ellyth: Elven woman, elven women Gwador: A brother not of blood Noro lim: Ride on Rima ten'ta: Run for it Nurta: Hide Asca: Hurry Gurth gothrim lye: Death to our foes Feuyaer: Disgusting one Tula, hama neva i'aur: Come, sit near the fire Erynion: Of the woods Naracion: Stern; harsh Mankoi lle irma sint: Why do you want to know Lle maa quel: You did well diole lle: Thank you Mani naa essa en lle: What's your name Manke naa lle tuulo: Where are you from Amin hiraetha: I'm sorry Aiya: Oh Malia ten' vasa: Care for some food Amin uuma merna ta: I don't want it Aratoamin: My champion Mellon nin: My friend Tenna' tul're san': Until tomorrow then Oio naa elealla alasse': Ever is thy sight a joy Amin feuya ten' lle: You disgust me Auta miqula orqu: Go kiss an orc Antolle ulua sulrim: Much wind pours from your mouth Ride free, citizens.