of Elrond's face. Not when it felt as if part of him was dying, about to lose something he valued more than his own life, watching her slowly leave him until he took her back to Imladris. "You will wait a year, as it is customary." He continued, making his terms clear, wishing that he could sound has cold and threatening as he had only moments ago. But it was a surprise that he still had any voice at all. "That year will be spent here, in my realm. And you will marry here, as she is the bride and you should marry in her homeland. I throw the wedding." And what a wedding that would be. If it was the only thing he would be able to give her, it would be one to remember, even if only to make up for the many years he had been force to neglect her existence. And then, bracing himself with as much strength, as much self-control as he could muster, he turned around. Elladan's face remained as expressionless as before, silver eyes looking at him patiently, waiting for him to finish stating his terms of the agreement. But even through his serious calmed expression only a fool would miss the joyful sparkle that swirled deep inside those silver eyes, as if no matter what terms he proposed the younger elf would happily comply to them, already having gotten the only thing he desperately longed for. And he envied him, he envied the son of Elrond for his joy, wishing that he could feel even if just a little at the moment. "Give me the feast." He spoke, his voice nearly pleading, finally surrendering, defeated. A pathetic excuse of a request, feeling his shoulders drop from the menacing authoritative stance he had been holding so well. How ironic it was that it was now him asking something of the younger elf, pleading for at least an ounce of pity to stretch the few hours he knew he had of his daughter begin fully his. If he would ask her to marry him tonight, he selfishly at least longed for one full winter's solstice celebration solely with his five children. With her. "Give me until the celebration is over." A silent nod of the head was the only reply he got, but he needed nothing else, closing his eyes and nodding his head in thanks. He took a deep breath, once again allowing himself to stand tall and royal, trying to push the pain that ripped through him with the most overwhelming sadness deep into the back of his mind. If this night why all he got to have her all to himself, before there would officially be someone- Elladan- by her side at every hour, he would not let it slip by. And yet, as he looked at those gleaming silver eyes, that could barely contain their joy concealed in their depths, something else downed on him, something that he could not really pin point how it felt about it. His daughter would be happy. Almarëa would be loved. He could see it in Elladan's eyes as clear as crystalline water. Come what may he would never leave her side, perhaps for once someone would be able to keep her safe, or at least make her feel so. The edges of his mouth curved up in the ghosts of a smile, a smile that he thought would not come. Is this hoe it felt like? The tiny drop of joy surfacing like a single drop of warm water in an ocean of ice? And still even through his agony, even through the torture he knew he would face of having to give his daughter away, he smiled. His Almarëa would be happy, and that was all he needed. "I believe this is a matter to celebrate to, then." He found himself saying through his smile, his throat closing all the more tightly but he no longer knew if from sadness and pain or from the tiny relief of joy he had felt at the notion of his daughter being joyful. And that was all it took. His words suddenly tore through the son of Elrond's perfect mask of calmness as if the younger elf could no longer hold back the wide smile that formed on his face, reaching his eyes. He knew that smile. It was a smile that nothing, no matter what, could ever break at the moment. It was the smile of the purest kind of joy anyone could possibly feel. He himself had carried that smile once, so long ago, when Lord Lasgaer had agreed to give him Alarya's hand in marriage. "You may go." He waved a hand gracefully as he made his way to sit upon his previous chair by the fireplace, already seeing as the younger elf nearly fidgeted in his spot, eager to rejoin the feast, eager to go find his daughter. "Go dance with her. She must be waiting for you." Hi there! I know I have taken a while to update the stories but between finals (thanksfully over) and other stuff it's been really hard for me to get any time at all to write. I apologize for the long waits I know they get annoying and tiring, I'm trying to do my best. And thank you gain so much to those of you who had stuck to the stories throughout the wait, you have idea how much you help in keeping these characters alive! Anyway , here a small one-shot of that little piece that I know some of you were left wondering about in my story Almarëa. So here it is finally! Let me know what you think! Eryniel Greenleaf this story is for you! Thanks for suggesting it so that I finally got up the will to write it haha :) I hope it makes up to your expectations! It was certainly an emotional piece to write! :) Love, Elena