to get away as soon as possible. "Um, it was nice meeting you, but I need to go now, so bye," she said while taking a few steps back, her index fingers pointing away as she tried to tell them she was leaving. Elladan saw where her fingers were pointing and narrowed his eyes. "Archet? Is that where you wish to go?" he said while pointing to the same direction as she. Catherine was quite cunning and clever so she could quickly understand that there was something in that direction after all. Considering that the first thing he said was a one word question, she could decipher that this was the name of whatever place was there. "Yes, yes, Archet," she replied, hoping she was not just saying something folly. "Apparently she wishes to go to Archet," said Elrohir. "But why Archet? There is really nothing there," Seobryn said. "There is people there, Seobryn. Perhaps she is searching for someone," Amener said. Through this time, Catherine had been slowly walking backwards. Elrohir was aware of it and chuckled. The sound made Catherine's hair crawl, it was so beautiful and surreal. "I think our lady here really wishes to leave," Elrohir said with amusement. "Then let us take her there. She should not be traveling alone," said Bemor. Elladan nodded and whistled and two seconds later both black horses came galloping. Elladan then extended a hand to her. Catherine quickly took a step back, raising her hands breast height and gently waving them, trying to tell them it was okay. "No, no, I'm fine. I'll go myself. Thank you." Catherine was not in the mood of traveling with a bunch of weird dresses men, no matter how handsome they all were. As she walked away she noticed that the youngest of the group had her backpack. Her eyes were wide with fear of him not giving it back, but Dyrin saw her eyes on the pack and understood. Slowly so to not scare her, he walked to her and gave her the backpack. Catherine took in and muttered a thank you. "She does not want us to take her," said Elladan. "We cannot let her wonder around alone," said Cathalon. "She is not from these parts. She could be a spy of the enemy." "What do you think, Amener?" asked Bemor. "You are the oldest Dunedai among us. You have seen more than we. What does she look like to you?" "I do not get the impression that she is a spy, not with the way she reacted to us. A spy should be careful not to be seen or call the attention and she has done the complete opposite. Besides, she was only armed with a small knife, that is hardly a weapon against an enemy. But she is definitely interesting. I have never seen clothes like hers, nor heard the language or accent." "Then should we take her with us?" asked Cathalon. "I think we should," said Amener. There was a short moment of silence before Elrohir spoke. "Nay, I think we should let her be." Everyone in the group looked at him with confused looks. "Why is that?" asked Bemor. Elrohir simply looked at his brother. Elladan nodded to him in understanding. "Let us let her be, for now." The tone he used made the other man understand that there was a good reason for it and nodded. Catherine was still backing away when Elrohir came close to her. She stopped, wondering what he wanted. Elrohir took her hand brought it to his lips to place a light kiss one it. Catherine had tried to pull away, but when his lips touched her hand, she felt a sudden lightheadedness take over and her face burned bright red. Elrohir smiled, yet there was something hidden in that smile, a triumph or a feeling of victory. As soon as his hand loosened, Catherine pulled it back quickly against her heart, holding it as if it burned or as if it had been contaminated by the act, yet the man lost not his smile as he backed away. He extended his hand, offering her knife back. Catherine took it and quickly turned and hastily walked away. The rest of the men walked away, returning to whence they came. "It looks like the strange woman caught your interest, Elrohir," Elladan teased. "She did, but not in the way you believe," he replied with a small smirk. "Why did you do that?" Elladan asked with more seriousness. "I wanted to examine something, and I think I got what I wanted. Did you see her reaction? She was completely bewildered. Another woman would have not reacted this way, even if she was afraid. This one acted as though the act was something abnormal, something she is not accustomed to. Does she not, in a way, remind you of someone?" Elladan's eyes narrowed as he thought for a moment. "You are right. This is strange indeed." "When does your wife return from Lothlorien? She is the only one who can really help us here." "She will not be back until spring." "That is too far away. We will need to do this ourselves." "Aye," said Elladan. Elladan looked over his shoulder, his farsighted vision catching Catherine as she walked towards Archet. I cannot say just how happy it makes me to post new stories. It's such a fulfilling thing to see my stories take shape and know that others enjoy them. Leave all the reviews and comments you want. I humbly accept constructive criticism, but please, if you simply dislike the story, then there is no need to read it. The next few chapters are done and I just need to revise them so expect a few updates soon, though I am working on several other stories so if for a moment you don't see an update, don't think I've dropped the story. I have never dropped a story nor will I ever do so.