a regent, so I followed Rose's lead. She didn't seem at all fazed by the King, and curled up on a couch beside her husband, so I carefully took a seat in one of the chairs. "How did this come to pass," asked the King when we were all seated. "Your majesty, I believe my presence was caused by an accident that occurred while I was working," I said, trying to be as respectful as possible. The words 'off with her head' kept floating unbidden through my mind. "What could you possibly have been working on to cause such an outcome," Gandalf asked incredulously. I chewed on my lip, wondering how much to tell them. Rose took the choice from me. "Don't worry, Leigh. After all we've been through, they're pretty acclimated to weird future stuff," she informed me dryly before addressing the men. "Leigh is what we call a scientist where we come from, or a scholar who studies the physical world. She was working on a project involving a form of transportation, when it backfired and sent her here." I was impressed with her quick synopsis. "And now you find yourself without a way home," Boromir surmised. "Yes. I was hoping Gandalf would know how to get me home." My chest tightened with anxiety. If they didn't have a way, I didn't have any other ideas. "Alas, I believe I can of no assistance to you, Leigh," the wizard said gently. My heart plummeted and I felt a rush as the blood drained from my face, suddenly finding it hard to breathe. "I will speak to Lady Galadriel on the matter, but our powers are sadly limited. We are not omnipotent, contrary to what others may say." "There must be another way," I insisted, straightening my back. The others watched me with varying emotions, but answers were forthcoming. "This is unbelievable! I can't just be trapped here!" The King spoke after a moment of tense silence. "If there is a way to send you back, I give you my word that we will find it. Yet I do not believe it lies in the hands of the White Council." "White Council?" I looked questioningly to Rose. "A group of the most powerful and wise people in Middle Earth: some of the wizards, namely Saruman and Gandalf, and some of the Elvin royalty, such as Galadriel, Elrond. There are other members, but those are the ones you'd know," she explained. After a second, she leaned forward and grasped my hands, meeting my gaze steadily. When she spoke, it was in English, for my ears only. "I know how you feel, believe me I do. The thought of living in medieval times is absolutely terrifying when you've only known the advanced 21st century. It still scares me sometimes. I know how much you're trying not to panic and rip out your hair and burst into tears. But I promise you, if there is a way, we will find it, no matter how long it takes. And until then, you will be under my protection, and the protection of the Steward and High King, and that's no small thing. Now take a deep breath, get a hold of yourself, and I will take you back to my house so that you can be alone." The men had been watching the exchange with surprise, and I could only assume that they had never heard a conversation in English before. So I did what she said, and stood with her. "Thank you, your majesty, my Lords," I said as graciously as possible, proud that my voice didn't waver at all despite the panic welling up inside me. "I think it's best if I'm alone for a little while." "Later, boys," Rose said flippantly as I followed her out. My mind was already racing ahead to what it meant to be trapped in Middle Earth as we walked through the streets. My companion seemed to understand my need for silence and didn't question me. I was grateful when we reached her house and she showed me to a guest bedroom and left me alone with my thoughts. When the door closed behind her, I sank onto the bed, my mind reeling. How was this happening? And to me, of all people? I wasn't anything special, and I certainly wasn't suited to medieval life. I was the very essence of 21st century nerd. I like science and math and Star Trek, not sword fighting and horses. I liked comic books and physics jokes and took pride in the fact that I could so easily relate to the guys in the Big Bang Theory. I wouldn't last a day in this world without Rose's help, and I knew it all too well. I was a 27 year old scientist, for goodness sakes. I couldn't start all over in a world like this. I had never been interested in history! I didn't know the first thing about living in medieval times. Did they even have toilets? I doubted it. And what about my family? I was an only child of two very prestigious scientists, and my disappearance would crush them. I took off my glasses and lay down on the bed before throwing an arm over my eyes. I had been too absorbed in my work to go home often, and had no one really in my life. All the birthdays and holidays that I had missed to be in the lab suddenly flooded my mind, and intense regret reared its ugly head. What if I never saw them again? There was no possible way to recreate the teleportation panel in this place, and I could see no other way to recreate the accident. Hopelessness overcame me, and I began to cry for all the things I had missed out on in life, and all the things I would never now get the chance to do. I cried for hours and finally fell into a dreamless sleep.