him, unless he attempts to escape.' 'You are too kind.' Strider's muttered comment caused a brief smile to appear on Legolas' face. 'It is not kindness, my friend, but mercy,' he said gently. 'Conniving and treacherous as he may be, the creature should have some respite from whatever adds to his tormented mind. Now come, let us start our journey; my father will now be expecting our arrival and you are in great need of rest.' As they entered the forest and proceeded down the elven path through the gloomy tunnel made by two great trees that leant together, Strider asked, 'what is King Thranduil's opinion on the current news from the south?' 'My father rarely reveals his own thoughts on the matter,' Legolas replied, 'however; I have sensed a great unease in him these many years since the last meeting of the White Council. Both he and Mithrandir were deeply troubled by the stirrings in Mordor and Dol Guldur, but Saruman was certain that no danger would arise. Despite his reassurance to him, my father paid slight heed to Saruman's words and had our borders strengthened, with extra fortifications also provided to those woodmen that dwell in the forest; a decision for which many now thank him.' 'It is unfortunate that his suspicions were proven true,' Strider said, still keeping a vigilant watch on his surroundings even though he was now in the company of several Elves; all of whom would be capable of hitting a bird's eye in the dark with a single arrow. 'I am sure he would agree with you,' Legolas admitted honestly. 'I do not think he would have been more pleased to be proven wrong in his life.' References: Details of Aragorn's capture of Gollum and his journey to Mirkwood (which will also be mentioned in later chapters) can be found in Unfinished Tales, Part 3: The Third Age, IV The Hunt for the Ring (ii) Other Versions of the Story ; and also in The Fellowship of the Ring, Book 2, Chapter 2 – The Council of Elrond Gollum's torture in and escape from Barad-dûr (again to be mentioned in later chapters) is covered in Unfinished Tales, Part 3: The Third Age, IV The Hunt for the Ring (i) Of the Journey of the Black Riders etc ; along with The Fellowship of the Ring, Book 1, Chapter 2 – The Shadow of the Past The mention of Thranduil's suspicions and actions were inspired by information in Unfinished Tales, Part 2: The Second Age, IV The History of Galadriel & Celeborn, Appendix B, The Sindarin Princes of the Silvan Elves ;and event dates concerning Dol Guldur and the White Council mentioned in Lord of the Rings, Appendix B, The Tale of Years Gollum's reaction to elven-made items (and therefore one must assume Elves themselves) was taken from The Two Towers, Book 4, Chapter 1 – The Taming of Sméagol . When tied with the hithlain rope, Gollum screamed and "tried to get his mouth to his ankle and bite the rope." He then said: "It freezes, it bites! Elves twisted it, curse them!" Also, when he was freed and was walking he "avoided the touch of their elven-cloaks". This, to my mind, is a result of the evil influence in him being so great he cannot bear to be near anything 'pure', such as the light of the Eldar. Singular Quotes: "His ways were hard and long, and he became somewhat grim to look upon, unless he chanced to smile…He became at last the most hardy of living Men, skilled in their crafts and lore, and was yet more than they; for he was elven-wise, and there was a light in his eyes that when they were kindled few could endure. His face was sad and stern…yet hope dwelt ever in the depths of his heart, from which mirth would arise at times like a spring from the rock." Description of Aragorn from Lord of the Rings, Appendix A (v) Here Follows a Part of the Tale of Aragorn & Arwen "He went in many guises, and won renown under many names." Description of Aragorn from Lord of the Rings, Appendix A (v) Here Follows a Part of the Tale of Aragorn & Arwen "The Wood-elves tracked him (Gollum) first, an easy task for them, for his trail was still fresh then. Through Mirkwood and back again it led them, though they never caught him." Gandalf to Frodo in The Fellowship of the Ring, Book 1, Chapter 2 – The Shadow of the Past "3009 – Gandalf & Aragorn renew their hunt for Gollum at intervals during the next eight years, searching in the vales of Anduin, Mirkwood, and Rhovanion to the confines of Mordor." Date noted in Lord of the Rings, Appendix B, The Tale of Years "… the spies of the Enemy are many… Mirkwood is again an evil place, save where our realm is maintained." Legolas in The Fellowship of the Ring, Book 2, Chapter 2 – The Council of Elrond "I caught him, Gollum. He was covered with green slime. He will never love me, I fear; for he bit me, and I was not gentle." Aragorn in The Fellowship of the Ring, Book 2, Chapter 2 – The Council of Elrond "They gave him food and drink, plenty of both, if not very fine; for Wood-elves were not goblins, and were reasonably well-behaved even to their worst enemies, when they captured them. The giant spiders were the only living things that they had no mercy upon." – Narrative in The Hobbit, Chapter 8 – Flies & Spiders "It must be potent wine to make a wood-elf drowsy; but this wine, it would seem, was the heady vintage of the great gardens of Dorwinion, not meant for his soldiers or his servants, but for the king's feasts only, and for smaller bowls not for the butler's great flagons." Narrative in The Hobbit, Chapter 9 – Barrels Out of Bond