knew how to search for tracks, and how to read them. A small band of orcs were camped on the south side of a low ridge. They were quite far away from the ranger's camp and hadn't bothered with setting guards. Sneaking close was very easy. He had never really looked at an orc, except the look searching for a weak spot in the armor or defence; and when he eventually met their eyes in the battle, all he saw was hatred and battle-fever. But now he looked at them. And he saw them. He studied them, one by one, discerning the differences in their characters, the very same way he judged men. Almost at once he recognized the leader – a sturdy, arrogant figure that resembled one of his captains. He crawled a little closer and signaled the boy to be quiet. Now he could see the whole camp; it was a good-sized one, he counted twenty orcs in all. He half-closed his eyes and looked at them through his eye-lashes. With his vision blurred, there was no difference between this camp and any camp of his own people. Boromir stopped for a second and asked himself what a folly he was about to do; he was here all alone, no one knew where he was, and if he was killed, no one would know and the orcs would escape unpunished. The only news that would reach Minas Tirith would be his disappearance, and perhaps, if the rangers were lucky, some time later they'd find what's left of him. Could he risk that much? No, the question was not if he could... the decision was up to him and none other, as always. The question was if he would, and he knew that answer, too. Every journey begins with the first step, and now he had to make it. To change things. Taking a deep breath, he stood to his feet. Carrying the child, he went out of the bushes and walked straight towards the orcs. "This will be our farewell for a while, Margosh", he said in a mild voice, while walking towards the center of the camp. The child returned the smile. "If everything goes well, perhaps I'll see you more often, although, nothing is certain..." Boromir continued walking without taking his eyes off the crowd that jumped to their feet, grabbing weapons. And then he remembered something. Slowly, with his free hand, he took off the necklace he had worn under his tunic. A mithril necklace, so thin and delicate that it looked as if it was a single thread, rather than countless tiny, interwoven links. A special gift. From a special lady, who would understand this, and what it meant. Without slowing his steps he carefully put the necklace around the boy's neck. The orcs saw what he carried and stood insecure, waiting. The leader stepped forward. "I found a child. I bring it back to you." He put Margosh down, in front of the leader, and waited. "I see". It was the only thing the orc said, but even those two short words were a relief; he spoke Westron, and they could understand each other. The orc captain thought for a few moments, appraising him, and in the end he nodded grudgingly, waving towards the way from which Boromir came, indicating he could leave alive. Perhaps they had no honour, but they respected the rule a Life for a Life. But he didn't turn away. Not out of fear that they'd kill him when he turned his back on them, no; he had come to do something more, not just return the child. Margosh started to talk then, with his tiny voice that seemed so soft compared to the others. Those who were still gripping their weapons slowly began to relax. Boromir didn't understand a word, but he knew that the boy was probably describing all that happened in the past three days. His story was quite long and it was almost pleasant to listen to his childish talk. And long after he finished, the captain was still studying Margosh thoughtfully. Then he lowered his gaze, fixing his eyes on the toy that the boy held in his hands. And Boromir knew what was going through the orc's head: that a filthy, hated Man had spared a life of this child could perhaps be understood; an animal was spared sometimes, too. But a Man who would take care of the orc for several days and make toys for him, recognizing the orc as an equal – that was too confusing. Such a man didn't fit the picture of a typical, hated Gondorian. Such man brought questions. Questions that needed answers. And when their eyes met, the orc's gaze filled with confusion, Boromir just smiled with understanding. Oh, how he understood the orc... he knew how the orc felt. Because he had already been through that. "Yes, it is strange", Boromir nodded. "I, too, have been thinking these past three days, seeing the things I used to take for granted in a very new light." He took another step forward, still cautious, but beginning to relax. He slowly unfastened his sword rig and put it aside. Pausing next to Margosh, he squatted and caressed his hair; the boy smiled and hugged him with his little arms. Boromir returned the hug, hearing surprised, sharp exclamations all around them, and thinking how this boy had become dear to him. When the boy let go of him, he slowly sat by the fire, carefully stretching his wounded leg. "And I plan to tell you everything I thought about. Everything", he said to the captain and laughed, knowing what a crazy, incredible talk was in front of them. The first conversation. The first step. The one that will change everything. "But before I start this long story, I have a question. Captain, do you want a job? There is one big Wall around my city that desperately needs repairing..."