Daeron in Elu Thingol's court. I think he might be insulted to hear that I, poor student of history that I was, tell stories better than he does." Legolas shrugged. "Well you do ." Lindomiel laughed and drew Legolas onto her lap. "Do you think the stories your adar tells are better because he tells them from his own memories?" she suggested. "Do you think you like them because they are stories about him, rather than about someone you do not know?" Legolas thought about that for a moment. "It is more interesting to hear how ada saw things in person and to hear stories about things I can see, like this knife." Lindomiel nodded. "Well, then you should like speaking to the elves Master Rodonon is arranging for you to meet. Their stories will be much like ada's," she said, earning a smile from Legolas. With that, Thranduil began gathering the items from the trunk, still laughing softly. "We have two more issues to deal with, ion nin," he said. Legolas looked at the trunk guiltily. "I am sorry I opened the trunk, ada. I promise I will not look in it again." Thranduil was closing the wooden boxes containing the rings and placing them back in their pouch. He paused and focused on his son. "There is nothing in this chest, or indeed in this entire forest, that I will not share with you, Legolas. When you are old enough. I am not angry with you for looking in this trunk. But I would be very hurt if anything in it were damaged or lost." Legolas looked at the hair ribbons and unconsciously raised one eyebrow. "I will not open it again, ada, unless you are with me. I promise," he said firmly. "If you promise, then I expect that you will keep that promise and there is nothing else we need say about the trunk," Thranduil replied, looking at his son's expression. Legolas looked up at him. "Will you just tell me what these other thing are? Not their whole story, just what they are?" Thranduil smiled indulgently. "The other ring," he said, placing the pouch that held it back in the trunk, "is the betrothal ring I gave your naneth. When two people are betrothed, they give each other silver rings. When they are married, they exchange gold rings and give back the silver rings." Legolas nodded, looking again at the gold ring on his father's finger. "This," Thranduil continued, folding the banner and putting it back in its pouch, "is a banner of the High King in Beleriand. My adar took it as we escaped the stronghold when it was destroyed." He paused and picked up the hair ribbon and flower. Legolas noted that his mother was grinning broadly. "Yes, and what is that, meleth?" she asked, amusement in her voice. Thranduil looked at her innocently. "This is the ribbon that you took from your hair to make me a crown of flowers on the day of our betrothal ceremony and this is one of the flowers from that crown," he said matter-of-factly. Then he leaned over to kiss her cheek. Legolas shook his head. "I am sure you think me as silly as your naneth does, Legolas, but one day you will understand why I keep such things." Legolas regarded his father doubtfully but remained silent as he closed the trunk. Then Thranduil focused on him seriously. "One more issue, Legolas," he said sternly. Legolas straightened slightly. "You and Galithil were wrong to try to persuade Eirienil to do something that she knew was wrong. Worse still, you pulled her along after you against her will. You both owe her an apology. She and your uncle Golwon will be waiting in the sitting room to hear it." Rebellion flared in Legolas's eyes before he could smother it. He knew arguing with his father was not smart at this moment. He also knew Golwon would likely impose some further punishment on he and Galithil that Thranduil would support. Resignedly, he preceded his parents to the family sitting room. Thranduil and Lindomiel settled near the fireplace and watched silently as Legolas and Galithil approached Eirienil to make their apology. The rest of the family sat around them. "How did Galithil handle himself when speaking to you?" Thranduil asked his brother quietly as his nephew made a most insincere apology. Aradunnon frowned as he watched his son. "Not much better than he is handling himself now. I am trying to remember how difficult it is to be an elfling after a long winter, but I am finding it challenging. What about Legolas?" Thranduil smirked. "There were a few instances where he might have spoken more wisely," he replied. Then he paused for affect. "And when we came into the room to speak to him, he was rummaging through my trunk. Reading one of my journals, in fact." Aradunnon's eyebrows rose and he looked over at his brother. "Curiosity will lead him into trouble one day if it has not already. Did he mention to you what Tulus told them?" Thranduil nodded. "He did." Aradunnon shook his head. "Galithil claimed that was why they were so anxious to leave their lessons. I might believe that with your son, but not mine—he will leave lessons given any excuse." "They are young and they have many lessons to learn about life," Lindomiel soothed. "They will learn to control their urges to give into curiosity." She raised her eyebrows delicately. "Though I have less faith in them learning to curb their impulse to speak their minds. Sharp tongues seem to be a family trait." As Thranduil and Aradunnon turned to stare at her with wide eyes, her father, Amglaur, and Thranduil's mother, Dieneryn, laughed. Amglaur nodded, chuckling. "From what I have seen, the acorn has not fallen far from the oak with either of Oropher's grandsons." Thranduil and Aradunnon scowled as their family continued laughing. Adar/ada--Father/dad Naneth/nana--Mother/mum ion nin --my son