moment he wished he was powerful like Galadriel or some other elf from the ancient days, or that he had some of the elvish rings which would give more strength to his call. He didn't know if anyone would hear him, but he gave all his power, put his whole self in this one appeal. He felt it spreading in waves towards the sky, travelling and crossing distances. He hoped it would reach every corner of Middle-earth and the air above it... and sent a prayer to Eru that the response comes on time. When there was not a single ounce of strength left in him he fell to his knees, gasping for breath. It took him some time to recover. Then he lay on the ground and took the star on his palm again. "A prayer," he whispered, knowing he had to give at least some explanation for his sudden unusual behaviour. After all, he didn't lie to her – he only didn't tell her everything. And then he continued to talk about Middle-earth. The hours were passing, the stars sailed across the sky, and the one on Legolas' palm became weaker and weaker. She listened to his tales, but he could feel her attention wavering, as if she was slowly falling asleep. But he knew it would be eternal sleep, without new awakening. A part of him frantically listened to the night in expectation, but all was quiet. The salvation he yearned for so much was not coming. Finally, when brightening sky in the east announced the arrival of the dawn, he fell silent too. The little star in his hand was now cold and almost doused. The crystal shrunken and blackened, she looked like an ordinary rock. Only a barely visible glow twinkled in her, so weak that it seemed to him that he could extinguish it with just one breath. The tears were falling down his face, he didn't even try to wipe them. He just watched her, hoping she would feel no pain. All that he still had to offer to her was his presence. And so stricken with grief, in the beginning he didn't catch sight of the dark shape descending towards the ground nor heard the flap of the wings behind his back. Only when the great eagle almost touched the ground did Legolas realize he was there. The majestic bird furled its big wings and turned its piercing, questioning gaze to him. You called me, Thranduil's son , Gwaihir addressed him, standing in front of him. Legolas was on his feet in a second and bowed with respect. "I did. I need help, urgently. However, not for myself, but for her," he said and indicated towards the dying star. He quickly retold all that had happened and in the end looked at the eagle with a plea in his eyes. "Please, take her to the sky. If anyone can do it, it is your kin. Only you can reach heavenly heights." The great eagle switched his glance towards the star and nodded. I understand. Of course, I will help her . Legolas closed his eyes, breathing a sigh of relief. A new hope awoke in him. "Thank you, lord of eagles," he said in a low voice and bowed deeply one more time. Then he took the star and held her very near his face. "You are going home," he whispered to her. "You will heal, everything will end well." He received only a very feeble hint of nodding, she was too weak to speak, and his relief suddenly dissipated and was replaced by a new concern. What if it was too late after all? No! It can't be, he thought, and with the help of the eagle, he quickly nested her among the feathers on the eagle's back. A moment before flying away, Gwaihir looked at him one more time. Do not worry, she is safe on my back. She will not fall out while I fly , he promised. "I do not doubt that," Legolas nodded. "Again, thank you so much." Then he came closer and gently caressed the feather under which the star lay, hoping she'd feel his touch. "Farewell, Golden Flower. And be more careful next time, don't ever fly so low again." The big eagle spread his wings and took off skywards. Legolas didn't take his gaze from Gwaihir for the whole long way upwards as the bird slowly became a smaller and smaller dot in the sky, until he finally disappeared from sight. The whole time his heart was beating nervously, afraid that the star would fade during the journey, that the help had arrived too late. He anxiously observed the sky and sought any sparkle of light, any sign that would tell him that the star was safe in her celestial home. But for such a long time nothing happened, and he began to think that everything was really in vain, and that Gwaihir hadn't come on time. Sorrow returned and repressed hope, and his eyes were filled with tears again... ...and then, in the grey sky of the dawn, from the direction where he could last discern the eagle, a small golden stripe appeared. It was almost invisible, only a tiny glimpse, and for a moment he wondered if was only an apparition, a trick of his eyes, because he so keenly wanted the star to survive. But as if wanting to tell him it was not a dream and that she was really well, a few moments later another golden stripe glimmered, this time brighter. The elf smiled, being overwhelmed with intense joy. And then, for one last time, a brilliant streak flashed across the sky, this time in full brightness, and then disappeared in flicker of many shimmering sparkles. And he was sure that in his heart, as a sign of greetings, he could hear murmur of starry laughter and music. "Farewell, little one," he whispered. "You'll be in my heart forever."