being a Yule lad, and the night after it was Elladan's. Alternating in this fashion, the elflings succeeded in delivering each and every gift without once waking the humans. (At least, if they did ever rouse their guests, the humans never let on.) The morning after the final gift was delivered, the elflings sat happily at the breakfast table as their father arose to address the company, inhabitants and guests alike. "Today is the twenty-fourth day of Girithron," the elf-lord declared. "The last of the jólasveinar came during the night, like his fellows leaving gifts in his wake in requital of his mischief-making. Tomorrow is the twenty-fifth of Girithron, the day upon which we have always celebrated a great feast in honor of the renewal of the year. The shortest days of the year are in our past, and longer days are in our future. No tasks are to be performed today save those in furtherance of the feast!" Everyone cheered, not least the elflings, who were excused from lessons that day. Instead, all the livelong day they ran errands, helping wherever there was a need. For the Cook they fetched potatoes, for the Housekeeper they fetched table linens. They polished spoons, brought in firewood, and placed candles in sconces. They carried piles of plates into the Dining Hall, and toted buckets of water into the Kitchen. As night drew on, they were exhausted but proud of their contribution to the preparations for the feast. Soon they were asleep, visions of sugar plums and other delicacies dancing in their heads. Sometime during the night Anomen awoke. He sat up and listened carefully. Without the room, rapid footsteps passed by. For a moment the elfling was frightened. Was there really a Jólakötturinn, a giant cat who would eat naughty children? Then he shook his head. No, the Yule cat was no more real than the jólasveinar, a tale told to both frighten and delight the very young. He slipped out of bed and pulled on tunic and leggings, determined to find out the source of the noise. Suddenly he heard a cry. As he ran in the direction from whence it came, he heard another. Following the cries, he came to the Saer and Thavron's chamber. As he stood in the hallway, the door swung open and a servant emerged carrying a basin of water. "Ah, good," she exclaimed. "You just pour this out in the garderobe, will you?" She thrust the basin into his hands and abruptly disappeared back into the chamber. Anomen looked into the basin. The water was tinged pink. 'Blood', thought Anomen, frightened anew. 'Is Saer dying? Is the baby dying?' Anomen forced himself to walk slowly to the garderobe so that he did not spill the water. Once he had poured out the water, however, he ran back toward the chamber. In the hallway he stood anxiously listening. It sounded as if there were an animal within, panting. Again the door opened. This time the servant held a bundle of bloodstained linens. "Be a good lad and carry these to the laundry," she exclaimed. With a heavy heart, Anomen did as he was bidden. For the third time Anomen came to stand outside the chamber. Someone within still panted. Then he heard one last cry. For a few minutes it was very quiet. A little light came into the corridor from the rising sun, and suddenly, an infant wailed. Anomen skipped a little, swinging his arms happily. Then he returned to stand by the door. It opened and Elrond looked out. "Would you like to greet a new inhabitant of Middle-earth?" he asked softly. "Oh, yes!" Anomen cried eagerly. "Do not be too loud," Elrond warned him. Anomen tiptoed into the room. Saer looked exhausted, and the Housekeeper was wiping the sweat from her face. She smiled a little, however, when she saw Anomen, and she gestured at the cradle that stood by the bed. In it, swaddled in a blanket that Anomen himself had sneaked into the chamber, lay a sleeping infant. "It is a boy," Thavron said, "and his name shall be Ælfgyfte." "That means 'Elf-gift," said Elrond. "It is not a Sindarin name like yours," observed Anomen. "No," said Thavron. "No, it is not. But he will be raised in exile, far from Gondor, and so I thought he had better have a mannish name. Still, he is a gift from the Elves, and I want his name to show it." "He is a jól baby," Anomen said, grinning, "born in the giving season. Yes, Ælfgyfte is a perfect name!" "I am glad you approve," Elrond said dryly, "and now you had better go back to bed. You do not want to be too tired to enjoy tomorrow's festivities—today's festivities, I mean." For now the sun had fully risen. It shone in brightly at the casement. Elrond bade the new parents good day. Then he took Anomen by the hand and led him from the room. The excitement over, Anomen was yawning like a baby himself. "When you brought Saer here," Elrond said, "I was afraid that her sufferings would send her into early labor and that the baby would be born too soon—always dangerous but especially so during the cold winter months. Fortunately, Saer was able to continue pregnant nearly a fortnight. The baby has still come a little early, but his chances have improved. I believe it very likely that he will survive" Anomen yawned again. He was not really listening. Elrond smiled and scooped him up in his arms. 'There is more than one elf-gift in this house', he said to himself. 'Or gift-elf, as the case may be'. Just then he stepped around a corner and was fetched up short by an astonishing sight. There, underneath a sprig of mistletoe, stood Erestor—kissing Idhrendí. 'Miracles and wonders', murmured Elrond to himself as he slipped back around the corner before he could be noticed by the preoccupied couple. 'Miracles and wonders!'