Legolas. What parent would not worry when their child goes on his first patrol? But the King has no right to refuse his son the training everyone else's children take, and you know that. If you cannot be supportive, be silent. If you cannot be silent, be gone." Engwe stood, back even straighter than it had been while he was sitting. His chest puffed out in a threatening manner that was completely ruined by the fact that his mouth opened and closed, emitting only unintelligible puffing noises. Galithil remained seated, scowling at him and shaking his head. Thranduil could not deny that Galithil had managed to provide a highly entertaining distraction, better than any he might have imagined only moments before. Even if it was one that he could not allow to continue. "Galithil, mind your tone when speaking to your Uncle Engwe," he said quietly. Engwe's puffing turned on Thranduil, obviously appalled at the mild correction. "Yes, Uncle Thranduil," Galithil replied, not bothering to sound even slightly repentant. Thranduil struggled not to laugh at that. "And you heed Galithil's warning," he said, facing Engwe. "I am in absolutely no mood for your bile tonight." Engwe glared at Thranduil a long moment. "By your leave then," he said, deigning to offer Thranduil a bow before departing the sitting room without waiting for Thranduil's leave to do so. No matter. Thranduil would have given it gladly. Of all the members of the family whose company he might wish for tonight, Engwe's was the least comforting, for obvious reasons. "It is not even a patrol," Dolgailon said softly, as Thranduil watched Engwe stalk away. "It is a completely structured, scripted exam. The officers of the training program carefully planned who the First Years will meet along the border, where they will meet them, and how the encounters will play out. And you do know that everyone involved is elves, do you not? We clearly cannot enlist real Men or Dwarves-and certainly not Orcs-for this exercise." "And do not forget that the Eastern patrol was informed that Legolas is at the border with the First Years, so they have tightened security there even more than they normally would for the Training Program's drills," Galithil added. "This is indeed a very safe exercise, my lord," Dolgailon agreed. "Glilavan even told me that he intended to take part in the exam personally, since Legolas was in this group." Thranduil's mood had been lightening in response to Dolgailon and Galithil's reassurances. Indeed, he had even begun to feel slightly foolish. Galithil had done this same drill last year, after all, and had come through it unscathed, earning fairly high praise for his reactions to some of the scenarios he faced. Legolas would certainly do the same. But Dolgailon's last statement returned the scowl to Thranduil's face. "If you expected that Glilavan's presence would put my mind at ease, you were gravely mistaken," he said, looking at Dolgailon sidelong. Both Dolgailon and Galithil fought to maintain respectful expressions. Neither had the opportunity to reply before the outer door to the family quarters opened. "Where is the King?" a breathless voice demanded of the guard at the door. Thranduil frowned and stood, facing the sitting room door, as the guard instructed the new arrival to follow him. A warrior appeared at the threshold of the room. He was sweaty, disheveled, even still breathing hard. He glanced around the room, noticed Dolgailon and gave him a slight nod, but the moment his gaze fell on the King, he advanced towards him and began speaking without any courtesy what-so-ever. "Glilavan is returning with the rest of the First and Sixth Years," he began. "But because he travels necessarily slower with all of them, my captain sent me ahead, to the stronghold, with this." He shook a fist clenched around a piece of paper. "We are not certain, exactly what happened," he continued, without offering the paper to the King. Thranduil eyed it, his breathing already coming with nearly as much difficulty as the warrior's. "Tulus did not wait to give us too many details before leaving. He did not want to take the time...he needed to catch up to them... He ordered us-my fellow warriors and I-not to come with him and my lieutenant agreed. Tulus said he would mark an easy trail to follow, but he did not want to attract too much attention to the pursuit...to do anything to scare anyone into...doing something stupid. But he made me promise to assure you right away that he had pursued them himself." Galithil and Dolgailon were looking between the warrior, the paper in his hands and Thranduil with no effort to control their expressions. "Get to the point, Boril," Dolgailon ordered, his tone sharp. The warrior's gaze flashed towards him. "Sorry, my lord," he replied. "Someone took Legolas. And Anastor. I thought I understood Tulus to say that it was elves, but I must have been mistaken." He shook the paper in his fist again, still without surrendering it. "We found Tulus, tied to a tree, with this...this was...stuck to him. An arrow...stuck to him on an arrow...through his shoulder..." The warrior handed the crumpled note to Thranduil. Thranduil took the paper. The back of it was facing him and it was badly bloodied. He quickly turned it over and pulled it open, unable to stifle a gasp in response to the contents of the letter-a strand of hair, obviously Legolas's, stiffened with dried blood. And the note itself. It simply said: Ava tinta orme ilfirin oresse! The warrior retrieved a silver arrow with blue fletchings from his quiver. "Tulus told me to give you this also, my lord. It is the arrow that the note...the one from his shoulder. He said you would recognize it." Thranduil did not take the arrow. Instead, he looked at the guard at the door. "Bring me Conuion," he whispered. Ava tinta orme ilfirin oresse! - Do not kindle anger in an immortal heart.