in front of the window, trying to lose himself in the mindless motion in order to escape from the painful memories. "Your feast has arrived!" came Elladan's voice from the doorway with no knock to signal his entrance, resulting in Legolas jumping in surprise and pivoting around, sinking into a defensive stance in the same motion, pale face settled into a look of deep concentration, ready to act in his own defense. "Woah," came Elrohir's voice from behind his brother as he entered after Elladan, his hands raised in the air in a motion of surrender, recognizing the traits of a trained warrior accustomed more to his own defense than interaction in society. "All is well, Legolas, we have brought your food, as promised. Fresh and warm from the kitchens but a few moments ago." Elrohir's voice sank into his consciousness and Legolas visibly relaxed. He forced a smile upon his face directed towards his two friends. "I apologize, Elladan, Elrohir. I guess I am still on alert from so long on the trail," he said softly, playfulness absent from his soft tone, and though he was facing the twins, his eyes were focused upon the floor. He forced his eyes to the tray of food and cautiously inquired, "So, what is on the menu for this evening's meal?" The elder twin raised an eyebrow at his friend's regression into characteristics that he connected with his recovery, but decided that the best course of action would be to just ignore the oddness and act as if it had never happened. "I'm not exactly sure," he said, loudly, "It shall be an adventure as I contained my vast amounts of curiosity so that it would be a surprise to us all, since I told them to give us three portions." He then set the tray down with a flourish on the coffee table, plopped on the floor and motioned for the other two to join him. Both Elladan and Elrohir began to dig into the large pile of delicacies and victuals that the cooks had sent along with the twins with a healthy appetite that had been born of their extended amount of time on the border patrol, but with the watchful eyes of a healer, Elrohir noticed that where the prince should have been starving after his time on the trail, he poked at what was on his plate, moving it around in such a way that it appeared he had eaten at least a little. Elrohir pushed the plate closer to Legolas encouragingly with a smile. "Eat," he instructed quietly, with a gleam in his eyes that suggested he would be willing to back up the command if need be. "You haven't had anything but trail food for a full week at least, you must be hungry." Legolas looked back into his eyes, his own filled with a depth of sadness that was almost tangible. "I am sorry to say that I am not hungry as I should be," he said quietly, a hint of uncertainty lighting his tone. "I think that perhaps I need to sleep before I am truly able to feel my need." He then stood and returned to the window, looking out at the garden as he had been prior to them bursting in. "If you could leave me alone for a while at least, I would be very grateful," he said uncertainly, as if he was unsure whether or not it was within his rights within their father's house. Elladan looked as if he were going to object in a spectacular fashion that would help no one, and thoughtfully Elrohir put a hand on his shoulder to with strain him. "Is there any way that we can help you?" he said gently, warmth taking the place of commanding, worry for the change in the elf from not more than half an hour before. "If I could just have some time alone to sort through some things," Legolas answered, his voice flat and full of uncertainty. He looked back over his shoulder at his two friends and apologized, "I am sorry that I am not the best of company at this moment. My father just appointed me to a post by sending me here with a letter holding the news without telling me before hand. It was quite the surprise, and has given me much to give thought too." Elladan caught the fact that there was more than was being said behind the comment, something was being hidden, but he chose to ignore it. Instead he stood and put a hand on the other's shoulder, surprised at the tense muscles. "We will leave you to your peace then. Just let us know if there is anything else that we can do to help you." He then gave a flippant smile, "Just say the word and we'll be here." He then gave one tight squeeze and turned to the door, pausing a moment to call back, "We'll leave the tray here so if you wake in the middle of the night hungry, there'll be something for you to munch on," before he completely exited the room with his brother following him. Legolas looked at their backs as they retreated, torn between just watching them leave and calling them back, but then pushed those thoughts aside as soon as the door was closed, leaving him alone, just as he had requested. He sank down onto the cushions of the window seat and pulled his knees up to his chest, preparing himself mentally for a long night that promised very little sleep. A/N: All right. There is the first chapter, basically to set everything up for the rest of the story. Think of it as a teaser since the next chapter won't be posted for at least 20 days. Until then though, please feel free to tell me your thoughts/feelings. I cannot improve unless I get feedback, I will even welcome flames if you wish to send them.