His mind was focused on one thing and one thing only. Eventually, when within the middle of the forest, there stood the tallest tree in Mirkwood, an old beech. As agile and light as his people were wont to be, Thranduil climbed to the very top until his head rose above the tree canopy and the world was before him. From there, he turned his attention west, straining his eyes in the night to see what he desperately desired. He could not. Fear and panic gripped at the usually hard heart, and an overwhelming sense of horror held the Elvenking tightly. No, not the Elvenking, just Thranduil. Just a father . "Legolas, what have you done?" he whispered in the night, tears standing in his eyes, waiting to be released. While the Elvenking of Mirkwood might have been arrogant, somewhat selfish in his desire to serve his people and his people only, always cold, there was and always had been one exception in his life that could change his indifference into attention. One being that could turn his impartial, dispassionate features into a kind, warm smile. One elf that had given him more drive, more motivation to carry on in the darkening world and not fade away or sail as so many other of their kind had. Deep down Legolas was why Thranduil did everything he had as the Elvenking. His power had been built up more for the sake of protecting his son than anything else, his wisdom of the forest expanded in his desire to teach and guard his child. His indomitable will was a shield his son could fall back behind when needed, and his stern composure was to buffer the child from the harshest realities of the world as he had grown. But now Legolas was gone. Now the child had stepped out completely from the safety of his father's wing and out into the open world. A world beyond Thranduil's control. A world he could not sense, could not communicate with as he could Mirkwood. A world where the Elvenking was powerless. Panic seized the proud elf's heart once more, and to his amazement, he discovered his was panting, nearly hyperventilating. His hands found their way into his hair, and he began pulling, as if it could help him think, help him discover a way to bring his child back to him, to make this all not true. But it was true. Legolas was not here, nor would his son be returning any time soon. Without his leave, Thranduil's eyes turned southeast, and a chill ran down his spine. Was this to be his son's fate? Was this truly what the Valar willed? Ever since Legolas had been born, everything he had done was to protect the child, to guard him of the horrors that Thranduil himself had been made to see. But now it seemed his son was also made to go to the one place where no father desired his son to ever glimpse. Now, like his father and grandfather before him, Legolas would witness the horrors of the Black Lands. He would see Mordor. The tears he had been fighting off so viciously finally streamed down his face at the thought of his son, his only child, seeing what no elf was ever meant to. Legolas should not have gone on such a perilous journey. He should not have to endure the hardships of such an action. He was just a child, an elfling ! Hadn't Elrond seen that? Legolas, despite everything that had befallen him in his young life, had remained a light, pure spirit! Thranduil had seen to that, had fought to retain as much of his son's innocence as he could. He'd tainted himself to give the child a chance to remain virtuous. But now, after all his hard work, after sacrificing so much, after doing all he could to protect his only child, Legolas was going off on the most perilous journey taken in this Third Age. His pure, young son was going out into a harsh, cruel world where his father could not help him. Was he ready? Would he survive ? "Dear Valar," Thranduil sobbed, clutching the branches tightly lest he fall, even while his legs felt shaky. "Watch over my son," he prayed into the night, staring up at the stars. "Please. Please protect him!" And it hurt his pride to admit that he could not. Not any longer. For the first time in a very long time, the mighty Elvenking of Mirkwood was completely and utterly powerless. Powerless at the time, in the one moment, where he needed to be strong, needed his power the most. For the first time in a long time, the great Elvenking was seized with such fear, he was uncertain he would ever be able to recover from its heavy blow. Would he ever see his son again? Only time would tell. Thranduil would be forced to remain patient as for the first time in many years, he would be forced to face the future truly and completely alone. Author's Note: …I have no idea what this is. It started out as a character study of PJ's Elvenking. I stress PJ , because if you actually read Tolkien's The Hobbit , the Elvenking is actually almost completely opposite of how he is portrayed in the movie. (I could rant on and on about how utterly wrong they got Thranduil in the movie, but I'll spare you). But I did like Lee Pace, and a bitchy Elvenking does hold a certain appeal…though solidly, I believe the character is not an asshole. Anyway, I started out trying to figure out the reasons why he could be such an ass in movie-verse, and then one thing led to another and…well…here you are. Weird how I sort of meshed up Movie!Thranduil and more of a Book!Legolas. Anywho, if you liked any of this, please drop a review on the way out! Thanks! :)