to go back up and follow them. It is a while before I see them again and I take a strange tunnel. The walls are sticky and it looks and smells deathly. I see Mr Frodo being wrapped in a web by a giant spider. "Let him go you filth!" I battle with the spider and I stab its gut. It crawls into a crack in the rock and is seen no more. I run over to Frodo and rip the wrapping from his face. He's dead. I cry with him in his arms until I see Sting glow blue. I take the Ring and put it in my pocket for safe keeping I must leave him I say to myself. I take Sting and hide behind some rocks waiting for the Orcs to come. They reveal that he isn't dead. "Get him to the Tower!" One of them yells in an ugly voice. I follow them behind making no noise. I reach the tower and make myself seem big and scary, yelling out loudly. Three come and try to attack me. One dead. "That's for Frodo!" The next. "And for the Shire!" And the last. "And that's for my old Gaffer!" I run up to the upper most Tower. There seems to be a squabble. "I'm gonna stick you like a stuck pig!" I hear an Orc say. Oh no! Poor Mr Frodo! I run up behind and 'stick' it first. "Not if I stick you first." Frodo is delighted to see me. "Sam they've taken the Ring." "Begging your pardon but they haven't." I say to him. I pull the Ring out of my pocket and extend my arm. I am reluctant to give it to him But my will to let it go betters my will to keep it and I hand it to Mr Frodo. "Come on Mr Frodo, we better find you some clothes. You can't go walking through Mordor in naught but your skin." We find some Orc clothes and we get out of the Tower and away. "We will never get through unseen." Frodo says when we learn that there are Orcs everywhere. The Eye turns its gaze onto Frodo and Me. I tell him to get down. He turns around and collapses. Soon The Eye turns away towards the North because something drew its gaze. We get up and we journey further to the Cracks of Doom. We walk on and we soon both fall over. Mr Frodo makes an effort to keep going but soon he is too weak to move. I cradle him in my arms and I ask if he can recall the taste of strawberries. "No Sam. I can't recall the taste of food, nor the sound of water, nor the touch of grass. I'm naked in the dark. There's no veil between me and the wheel of fire. I can see Him with my waking eyes." "Then let us be rid of it." I say. "Once and for all. Come on Mr Frodo. I can't carry it for you, but I can carry you." I pick him up and carry him on my back. Before long we finally see a doorway. The entrance into Mount Doom. "Clever hobbitses to climb so high!" It's Gollum! He jumps onto Frodo and me and knocks me over sending Mr Frodo down the hill. He tries to climb back up but Gollum turns him around and tries to strangle him. I run over with what strength I have left and I pull Gollum off of Frodo and we go rolling down the hill. Gollum tries to strangle me but I cut his right side with my knife. I look up. Mr Frodo is running into the doorway. I run into it with all my might. "I'm here Sam." I hear him say. "Go now! Throw it in the Fire." I yell to him. I can see that he is going through the same mind that I was when I was the Ring-bearer. The will to let it go and the will to keep it. He turns around. "The Ring is mine." He takes the Ring off its chain and puts it on his finger. I am trying to see where it is when Gollum hits me over the head with a rock. I wake up again just to see Gollum and Frodo fall over the edge of the cliff. I crawl over to see Mr Frodo hanging there. But his left hand is missing a finger. "Take my hand! Don't let go! Reach!" I yell at him. I pull him up and we run out of Mount Doom. We jump onto a small rock nearby and await our doom. Soon we see three giant eagles coming to collect us. Gandalf is atop one of them. Rivendell. It is good to be back in such a fair place. I walk into Mr Frodo's room and there is everyone from the Fellowship. I'm so glad that Mr Frodo is okay again. Aragorn son of Arathorn is crowned King. He comes to Merry, Pippin, Frodo and me. "My friends, you bow to no one." Then everyone bows to us. I don't know what to say. We go back home. We go into the Green Dragon; a place that I have not set eyes on in yonks. I finally work up the courage to ask Rosie Cotton to marry me. She says yes! We get married on a warm day. She throws the bouquet. Pippin catches it. The time has come for Frodo and Bilbo to go to Valinor, The Grey Havens. Frodo gives me his Red Book. He hugs me tightly and kisses my forehead. I don't suppose I will ever see him again. I can't help crying. The ship leaves and I head back home. Little Elanor comes running out to me. I pick her up and caress her cheek. "Well I'm back." I say and I walk into my home. The End.