Elrohir tried to compose himself as they ascended the stairs to the king's chambers, wanting to maintain at least some of his dignity. They would find Elladan, they'd have to! Estel and Legolas would help him find and rescue his twin, and all would be well again. He didn't think his spirit could bear any alternative. Elrohir stood before Theoden in the stone room, straightening to face him properly. The king's look was one of pity and great weariness. "I am sorry for your loss, Master Elrohir. When was the last time you saw Master Elladan?" "When the Orcs attacked, followed by the Uruks," he said dully. "We fought them off as best we could, but their numbers were great and they overtook Elladan. They dragged him off his horse and swarmed me, taking him toward their legions in the hills. He... he bade me to leave, to find help and return, just before they-" The Noldor elf stopped involuntarily and drew back his shoulders, closing his eyes and breathing deeply. He faced the king with renewed determination. "He was struck across his temple after they took him, and I could not follow. Luthien carried me to safety." Aragorn would have smiled at the mare's name, but the situation was too tense for that as he listened to what had taken place. For some reason his brother's statement abruptly stuck out, echoing back at him. ...he was struck...and I could not follow... The bond! Oh Valar! Panic seized Aragorn and he looked at Legolas with wide eyes. "Legolas..." The Mirkwood elf looked puzzled for a moment, then it clicked, and his jaw dropped open slightly, his features taut with grim understanding. "Ai, Elbereth," he murmured, turning to Elrohir from his place at his left. His tone was understanding. "Elrohir, you were hurt in the skirmish, were you not?" The guilt and grief on his face ran deep. "Yes," he admitted. Theoden could understand why elf and ranger would be upset about either brother being injured, but it seemed that this one was not mortally wounded, and he hadn't seen why it would be overly surprising. What was unapparent to him was the sudden urgency and blame the Eldar bore for his wounding. "Aragorn, what is going on?" he inquired, eyes flitting back and forth between Noldor elf and Dunedain ranger. It was Legolas who answered. "Elven twins are a very rare occurrence, and when two are born, they share a deep connection, as all brothers do. They are capable of sensing each other's emotions, using internal communication. And feeling each other's pain," he said quietly. The statement hung suspended for a moment, then he continued. "But in some cases, the bond is so strong that actual physical manifestations can appear on each of the twins to the other." He took a deep breath. "This is the case for Elladan and Elrohir." "My lord," Aragorn addressed him, "if Elladan is not found, and rescued, then whatever happens to him will happen to Elrohir. And if the Uruk-hai kill him, then..." He could not finish. The pain on his face was clear as he looked upon his older brother's battered form. The king was flabbergasted. He knew he shouldn't have been, seeing as he knew that elves could also die of grief. But still, if the implications of this were true- Yes, surely enough, there was a dark bruise on the right side of Elrohir's head. He had said that Elladan had been struck, not he. The elf's pale pallor and slightly heavy breathing became more apparent and his doubts vanished. "His twin was taken while distracted by an injury not his own?" Theoden asked softly. Elrohir's head was bowed low. "Gwador, it was not your fault," Aragorn told him softly, his eyes imploring the elf to believe him. "It could not be helped." Elrohir opened his mouth to reply but was stopped by a sharp pain in his abdomen. A scream echoed loudly in his head and realized it was his own- No, not his own. Elladan's! The elf's knees buckled as the sudden, excruciating pain in his stomach extended practically all the way through him into his back. Aragorn called his brother's name frantically, reaching for him as he fell into a sitting position on the cold stone floor. Long, slender arms wrapped tightly around his midriff as he choked on the vacuum replacing his lungs. The burning agony stole all breath from his body; all he could manage were weak gasps. Aragorn knelt at his side, grabbing his shoulders and forcing him to look at him. "Elrohir, please, what is happening?!" he cried. "Elrohir?!" His brother's face had gone white; his eyes were wide and unseeing and his mouth moved to form words that wouldn't come except in a rasping whisper, if that. "El... Elladan... Dartho- dartho! " "What is he saying?" Theoden demanded, beginning to grow alarmed. "Hold on," Legolas translated, sharing a grim look with the king. An abrupt scream shattered the quiet and resonated at ear-shattering volume around the room as Elrohir felt the blade the Uruk-hai had used on his sibling twist violently in the wound. Out in the hornburg it was heard, and the people stood still, silenced by the unearthly cry that pierced their already desperate souls. It echoed out over field and mountain, in cave and keep, through the very heart of the earth. The ranger watched helplessly as Elrohir released his suffering with his voice, emitting a loud, long, keening wail until his lungs were emptied again. He opened watering eyes just long enough to see his little brother hovering over him, and then the pain took him completely. "Legolas, get my bag of herbs and meet me in the glittering caves," the ranger ordered sharply, his tone rough and terse. "Now!" Without another word he slipped one hand under Elrohir's legs and another around his shoulders and swept the elf up into his arms, rushing toward the doors. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o ~0~