mother is very worried.' Frodo suddenly understood everything that had been happening before he had run off. He now understood why he had been often left by himself and why he hadn't been paid much attention. His sister was sick. Frodo now realized that what he had been feeling was jealousy. He was jealous because he didn't always have his parent's attention anymore. He realized now that he loved his sister with all his heart. Frodo didn't do anything except watch his mother try to calm Bluebell down. 'Where have you been?' Primula asked in a hoarse whisper after she had closed Bluebell's door for the child had gone to sleep. Primula was absolutely delighted to have her son back but she was also a little worried as to why he had run off in the first place. 'I—I went to Buckland,' Frodo stammered. He didn't know what his mother might do at this point but he was relieved when Primula smiled and hugged Frodo tightly. That night, when Frodo had gone to bed and Primula and Drogo were able to have some time alone while Bluebell slept in an uneasy slumber, Primula told Drogo what was to happen with their new born child. 'What did the doctor say?' Drogo asked holding Primula's hands firmly as they sat on the edge of the bed together. 'Drogo the doctor said something dreadful,' Primula started to cry now. 'He said that Bluebell was going to die. That she has Hypothermia and there is nothing they can do to help her. We just have to make her last few days happy,' Primula bowed her head and let her tears flow feely. 'Well that is terribly news,' Drogo said finally after thinking for a moment. 'We need to make sure that Frodo spends some time with her,' He said at length. 'Of course we must. He hasn't seen a whole lot of her,' Primula said with a sniff. After a while they could hear Bluebell starting to cry and cough again. Primula went to go to her but Drogo stood in her way. 'No I will go and tend to Bluebell; you need rest, my dear and lots of it. You go to bed and I'll be in when I can,' Drogo gave Primula a small kiss on the cheek before heading off to the guest bedroom and tending to Bluebell. The next day was rather interesting for Frodo. Despite all the noise and the racket that had been going on down the hall, Frodo slept peacefully. He got up early to find Drogo and Primula sitting by the fire talking to each other quietly. In Prim's arms was Bluebell. She was sound asleep. Frodo sat silently on the small rocking chair by the hearth, watching his parents and sister intently. Primula noticed him and walked slowly to him and bent down to Frodo's eye level. 'Would you like to hold her, Frodo?' Frodo felt suddenly wary. Primula had done this before and then a whole lot of drama happened and he wasn't able to hold her. Would this time be the same or would Frodo actually get to hold his baby sister? 'Yes, Ma,' Frodo said quietly so as to not wake up Bluebell. Primula gently put Bluebell into Frodo's arms making sure that he was back far enough in the seat and so that he wouldn't get uncomfortable too quickly. Frodo was, even though he didn't know the correct weight, rather worried as to how thin and small Bluebell felt in his arms. He looked up at his mother questioningly but Primula didn't ask what was wrong. She was silently crying and Frodo was wondering what was going on. Drogo pulled Primula into the next room and made sure that they were out of ear shot. 'When did the doctor say that Bluebell was to die?' 'He said sometime today at the latest,' Primula said shakily. 'We must tell Frodo,' Drogo said sternly but ever so sadly. 'Yes we must, I know that, Drogo. It's just I can't seem to bring myself to break his heart after everything that has happened over the last few days. I feel—I fell helpless, Drogo, like I can no longer do anything,' Primula had finally burst. The stress of Frodo and the sadness of Bluebell had finally taken its toll on her and she couldn't cope anymore. She flung herself into Drogo's arms and burst into tears. 'Mama, Mama,' Drogo and Primula heard Frodo calling to them frantically. They both looked at each other and fled the room to where Frodo was seated with Bluebell. 'Did I do something? She isn't moving,' Frodo said, worried and confused. Bluebell had finally passed away. Primula was speechless. They hadn't spoken to Frodo yet about the fate of his little sister and there it was. It had been planted right in the middle of Frodo's arms and the poor child had no idea what was going on. Drogo took Bluebell from Frodo's arms and took her into a room up the other end of their hole. 'Mama, what happened?' Frodo asked sadly. Primula walked slowly to Frodo and sat down and pulled him onto her lap. 'Frodo—Frodo sometimes things happen that we can't change. Sometimes they're good things and other times they're bad things. Bluebell has—has passed away,' Frodo had heard this word before but he didn't quite understand what it meant, though he had a pretty good idea. 'Bluebell is—is dead?' He said the last word very quietly and almost as if something else bad were to happen if he said it too loudly. 'I'm afraid so, Frodo. I'm afraid so. It's just one of those things that happen in life. It's rare but it isn't unheard of. I'm so sorry for you, darling. Your father and I never meant for you to find out like this,' Frodo didn't say anything he just leant against his mother's chest listening to her heart beat and he closed his eyes.