resulted in him dropping his knife, his only protection. He gasped at the sudden burning pain and against all his drilled instincts, he dropped to his knees and cradled the newly injured limb as well as he could with the limited range of motion in his left arm. As he moved his left arm, he felt whatever was embedded in his shoulder grate against his shoulder blade, pulling a pained moan past his lips against his will. "Legolas!" he heard his mother's voice cry out behind him as he felt a sharp pain in the side of his head and sank into darkness. Alaryia's eyes widened in fear as she saw her son distracted by her own injury, and then his frantic fighting after he stumbled forward. Dismay rose in her heart as he turned back to their foes as she saw a nasty black arrow protruding from his back. Her sharp ears then picked up the sounds of battle being joined, and hope began to override the fear in her heart when she recognized the figure of Tiercel, the captain of the royal family's personal guard fighting his way fiercely towards the surrounded mother and son. "Tiercel!" she cried out and saw recognition shine in his piercing blue eyes as her cry alerted him to the exact location of those he was searching for. Her attention then turned back to her son, whom she was alarmed to see dropping to his knees, following the action of his newly fallen knife into the blood soaked dirt at his feet, cradling a freely bleeding wound on the arm of his primary hand. He was in trouble. After a cursory glance, she could not see where the knife she had been using had fallen, but her effort turned out to be in vain, as she saw a particularly large orc raise his sword and strike her son in the temple with the pommel, effectively sending him to the realm of unconsciousness. "Legolas!" she cried out to him once more as she saw his limp form slump directly into the arms of the large orc that had dealt the last blow to her son. She desperately tried to gain her feet, grabbing any blade that came to her hand and rush the direction the orc was disappearing through the rest of the thinning crowd of the enemy. She was dismayed when she was forced to the ground by the iron-shod foot of a fleeing orc, an exclamation of surprise leaving her lips and forcing the air out of her lungs at the same time. Only a moment later, she felt strong hands turn her over onto her back, and she found herself looking into the clear blue eyes of Tiercel. "Milady," he said in his clear tenor voice, not even breathless from the exertion he had just put forth in the course of the battle. "Breathe easy for a moment. As soon as we have these orcs finished off, we will get you to the healing halls." "I am fine, Captain," she asserted only somewhat breathlessly, still regaining her breath from not only the trampling she had received, but also from the extended battle that she had been fighting before aid had come to their rescue. "If need be, I can take myself to the Healing Halls, it is far more important that party of orcs is followed. They have my son, and your crown prince. This cannot be allowed." "Milady, please calm yourself," the guard captain said soothingly while his sharp eyes took in the queen's wound, assessing its seriousness, "As soon as possible, we will go after Prince Legolas. I never meant that all of the guard would accompany you to the Healing Halls, that would be folly." A small smile found its way to his lips at the small jest, trying to chase away, at least in part, the tension of the battle from his queen, who never should have found her way to the battle field in the first place in his opinion. "Tathan will accompany you while I lead the rest to follow the orcs' trail. Have no fear, we will find the prince, and bring him back as safely as possible." He then helped Allaryia to her feet and provided a steadying hand before calling Tathan over and giving his specific instructions as well as his message to the king that should be delivered as soon as the queen had been delivered to the capable hands of the healers in the Healing Halls. After being answered in the affirmative that the novice guard understood his orders, he watched as the queen was led back towards the forest stronghold. After walking only a few feet from where she had begun she turned back to the trusted guard captain, her chocolate eyes large and tear filled, "Bring my Little Leaf back to me Captain. Please." He nodded briefly answering, "Fear not milady, he will be home as quickly as we can manage," before motioning for the rest of the guard to gather near him for their orders. When they had gathered near he began quick and concise, "We follow the yrch. They have taken Prince Legolas, and it is imperative he is returned. Last I saw he had been wounded severely in several places so time is of the essence more so than usual so he may be healed." He then sent two of his company ahead to scout their path while the rest, including him, formed up into a marching order, giving the scouts enough time to get ahead of them. The clock was running, and it certainly was not in their favor, it was their duty to race against the odds to catch up. A/N: There you go, chapter one. As always I welcome any comments that you want to pass along, including flames. I sincerely ask that if you find errors, please let me know, I will get them fixed. I hope you enjoyed it! R/R