did they know of the Elvenking's motives? Were they part of the arrests? Were they supportive of the terrible injustice? Years melted away, decades turning into scores, and still Gimli never breathed a word of his time in the Mirkwood to anyone. He was kept busy helping restore Erebor, and fighting against the Darkness that had spread towards their mountain. Dark things came up from the south as well as from the west, from the shadows of Mirkwood. It was a dark time, and soon, that darkness seemed to possess everything. When mysterious and dark offers were made to them, evil creatures coming around to sway the dwarves to Sauron's forces, Gimli went with his father and a small group to Rivendell. Lord Elrond, it was said, was the wisest of all the Eldar yet remaining in Middle Earth. If any could help them, it was he. Emerald ring clutched in his hand, Gimli looked down at the precious gift. ' Should you ever need assistance, should you ever find yourself in want, you have only to speak friend, show this to any of my kind, and you will be cared for.' Now was the time to collect. If the elves of Rivendell refused council, the red-beard was determined to show the emerald ring for the first time and demand their assistance. The travel was long and hard, harder than Gimli remembered. There was much evil along the way, but eventually, after months of toil, they came over the Misty Mountains and towards the hidden valley. They were spotted and taken in by elves soon. They were darker, yet somehow fairer than the elves Gimli remembered in Mirkwood. Their hair was black, rich and deep, and their eyes dark blue. But their faces were paler than their kin in the east, and their presence more commanding. These were High Elves, or so the stories went, yet Gimli could not help but believe them somehow…lacking compared to the two blond elves he had met while in Mirkwood. Surely the boy and his father had been among the High Born as well. They were quickly put away for the night in comfortable rooms, and promised to speak with Lord Elrond soon. It was rumored that an envoy from Mirkwood had also come seeking council with Lord Elrond, making Gimli suspicious. Only bad news came from those dark woods. But even as he worried and sneered at the thought of those elves that had treated his father and the Company so ill, he couldn't help but wonder: was he here? Was the young guard of Mirkwood he had met and cared for so long ago here? And just that thought alone had the dwarf stilling in making any curses against the elves of the Mirkwood. The same elves that had treated him so very kindly. But surely the lad was not here. Gimli had seen for himself the protective gleam in the lad's father's eyes. That elf lord would not let his son go again so soon. He would not wish for his green leaf to wither away. It was disappointing. The dwarf found he would have liked to have met the lad again. At least once more. "The elf prince is here," some of his companions had whispered at breakfast the next morning. "The Elvenking sent his brat to speak with Lord Elrond as well." Anger burned among the dwarrow at the thought of one of the Mirkwood royals in their midst. The sins of the Elvenking were still not forgiven. But Lord Elrond, as host, insisted that they meet the elves of the east, so that they could all discuss business later. So, with extreme reluctance, the dwarrow followed their host to meet with their enemies. As they walked, fair elven voices laughing came floating towards them. One voice in particular grabbed Gimli's attention, though he did not know why. When they rounded a corner, he saw rather familiar looking browns and greens. The light leather armor of the Elves of Mirkwood was distinctive, as were the light browns and reds of their hair. But that was not what kept Gimli's attention. No, it was the pale blond hair, almost silvery in the light, that kept his eye. He froze. It couldn't be. Could it? After all these years? The elves flanking the blond all frowned upon seeing the dwarves and muttered something to the blond, who still had his back turned. "Prince Legolas," Lord Elrond called lightly, startling Gimli so badly, he thought he might have a heart attack. The blond turned around. A fair, youthful, familiar face greeted the dwarf. The blond bowed his head towards Lord Elrond in acknowledgement. It was him. It was the boy. This was the Elvenprince of Mirkwood? But blue-blue eyes, brighter than sapphire, did not stay on the Noldor long. Instead, the clear orbs turned over towards the company of dwarves. The moment the blue met Gimli's own hazel, the rather stoic face morphed into something beautiful. Suddenly there was not a prince before them at all. There was the boy who had thanked Gimli, who had laughed and talked with him, who had merely wanted to get home to his king. His father king. " Mellon nín !" the prince exclaimed with the purest joy. And as the boy rushed towards him, everyone else around him gawking in shock, Gimli found that even though he should be angry, astonished, he could do nothing but smile. Author's Note: … don't know what this is. Just a weird AU. Elvish: Anno dulu enni- help me Fangon - bearded one iesten - please Be iest lín- as you wish Baw! – No/ Don't Daro - Stop (lit. Halt) Amman ? – why? Tálagor- fast foot (the name is one I made up, not any sort of cannon) Noro - Run Im urui - I'm hot Mas ledhiam - Where are we going? Hîr nín - My lord! Boe enni nestron - I need a healer!