already run into one!" Boromir shouted to them. "Huh?" the Hobbits were confused at the man's words. Aurora's heart was pounding faster than ever before; she could feel sweat forming in her palms as she clinched them into nervous fists. She knew exactly where this conversation was going. "Looks can be deceiving, don't you think?" Boromir was now questioning the whole fellowship, "I suggest you all take a closer look at a certain someone." He glared down at Aurora. The group stood, all looking at the two of them. Not a word did Aurora utter, she only gazed back at him. "Boromir!" Gandalf boomed. "What? You approve of having an Unsought accompany us?" He sneered, "I for one do not wish to travel with such an ugly and disgusting creature." He spit just slightly missing her feet. "I in fact, do approve of having Aurora with us." Gandalf retaliated. Boromir slowly shook his head, "You fools." He muttered under his breath. "We are not fools just because we are not afraid of someone who is different than us." Aragorn argued. Boromir sneered once more, "I'm not afraid of her." He began to walk away, still shaking his head. "Then what is it?" Aurora asked calmly, "I have done nothing to you. We've only just met." Her eyes stuck to him, though he did not bother to turn back around. "Your people are a disgrace to Middle-Earth!" Aurora felt anger swelling up inside of her; normally she wasn't the kind of person to be confrontational, but she did have to stick up for herself. "Just because one apple on the tree is bad, does not mean the rest need to be thrown away. You do not know me, and you do not know my people. You know only what others have told you! So believe me when I say this; the Unsoughts have had a rough reputation to hold. And I do not need you telling me about it." The group stood in silence. Aurora's eyes never left Boromir, though his eyes had fallen to the ground. "I was always told growing up, that Unsoughts were disgusting, horrible and foul creatures." Pippin shared, "But, Aurora, you are none of those things. Why do people spread things, if they are not true?" "I don't know Pippin, I don't know." The fellowship came to a resting place where they could eat lunch and do as they please. Aurora sat on a rock with Gandalf and Gimli, and watched as Merry and Pippin practiced sword fighting with Boromir. "If anyone were to ask my opinion, which I note they haven't, I'd say we're taking the long way around! Gandalf, we could go through the Mines of Moria. My cousin Balin would give us a royal welcome!" Gimli exclaimed. Gandalf looked at him with estranged eyes, "No Gimli, I would not take the road through Moria unless I had no other choice." Gandalf then nudged Aurora, "Hmph! Dwarfs!" They chuckled together. "What's that?" Sam inquired "Oh it's nothing! Just a wisp of cloud!" Gimli declared. Aurora stood, "I don't think so, It's moving very fast….and against the wind." "It's Crebain from Dunland! Hide!" advised Legolas. It was then a race to gather their belongings and put all of the fires out. Aurora was endeavoring to help Sam put out his fire, when someone grabbed her arm and heaved her behind a bush. Now lying on her back, she glanced up to see who had extracted her. Legolas. Her heart skipped a beat as she looked at his long white-blonde hair, and ravishing milky complexion. He was focused on the Crebain, waiting for them to pass. Once they passed, he turned back to her, giving her a hand to help her up. His eyes were the most magnificent thing she had ever seen. They were of brilliant crystal blue, far more gorgeous than any other life she'd ever laid eyes on. "They were spies for Saruman. The passage south is being watched. We'll have to go over the pass of Caradhras." Gandalf instructed. Walking up the mountain was the equivalent of having nails driving through their skin. The snow was calf deep, and Frodo had already taken an odious stumble. The further up the worse; the snow grew thicker and air thinned. Aragorn, Boromir and Aurora found themselves carrying the Hobbits, who physically couldn't go on any longer. Legolas stood at the edge of a cliff, listening. "There is a fell voice on the air!" He lamented back to the rest. "It's Saruman!" Gandalf wailed and with his words rocks fell from the mountain. "He's trying to bring down the mountain!" cried Aragorn. Aurora shook her head in agreement, "Gandalf we must turn back!" "No!" He objected. Lightning struck the mountain and heavy sheets of snow buried the fellowship. There was no movement for various moments before Legolas heaved his way out of the snow. Aurora found herself helped by Aragorn, and then helped uncover the Hobbits. All of them frozen to death, with snow clinging to their hair and faces. "We must get off the mountain! We must take the pass of Rohan, or take the road west to my city!" Boromir shouted over the mounds of snow. Aragorn rejected, "Rohan takes us to close to Isengard!" "If we cannot go over the mountain, I say let's go under it!" Gimli repeated. "Let the ring bearer decide!" Gandalf elucidated, the group turned their eyes to him. A hesitation grew in Frodo's eyes, "We will go through the mines." "So be it." Thank you so much for reading! It really means alot. If you enjoyed it, or have some constructive criticism, please leave a review. I understand this chapter is pretty much just like how the movie happens, with a few differences here and there. But, I promise further chapters will all be orginial. I just had to get the story started. Again, thank you and please review if you would like ^.^ Thank you!, ~EmiOnyx~