stayed awake for a bit longer before they started to yawn and went to bed. The next morning all four of them slept in, peacefully. The field was quiet except for a bird whistling every now and then. Frodo awoke and turned over and faced the stream. Something caught his eye; it was listening in the sun light. He warily got up to investigate. He was careful not to step on anything that might wake his friends. Finally, he reached the small stream, but he had lost sight of the glistening object so he sat down and rested his head on his knees while listening to the stream. After a few minutes later, the sun caught the glistening object again so Frodo kept his eye on it and moved closer to it. He reached it but stopped in his tracks where he was; it was a silver locket. Frodo felt like he had seen it before somewhere but he didn't know where. It was stuck around a rock so he carefully unhooked it and looked inside. It was a small picture of him as a baby and on the other side was a picture of Drogo and Primula; it was his mother's locket. She must have been wearing it on the night of the accident. Frodo closed it up and walked slowly back to his bed where he put his head under the covers and sobbed until he could sob no more. Sam woke and heard Frodo quietly crying. He carefully got out of his bed and tiptoed over to Frodo. He was careful not to alert Frodo or wake up Merry and Pippin. When he reached the small lump that was Frodo, he pulled the covers away to reveal a tear stained, wet faced Frodo. Sam was surprised to see Frodo so sad. 'Mr Frodo, what's the matter?' Sam asked as he sat down and took Frodo's hand to comfort him. 'Sam, I found one of my mother's lockets by the stream. I think she was wearing it the night of the accident. That little stream joins up to the Brandywine,' Frodo said sadly. 'Frodo that is terrible news!' Was all Sam said. His eyes had filled with tears and he could feel Frodo's pain. After a while Frodo spoke. 'Sam I have decided what to do about the stone and about what you said; I am going to throw the stone into the stream and instead of finding a new and better one. I will keep my mother's locket. I was thinking of doing it now actually,' He added almost as an after thought. Together the two of them headed down to the stream. Frodo was sad to say good bye to the very last thing that his mother gave him, but knew that the locket would be a better thing to have. He threw the stone in and watched it disappear down the stream. He turned around and cried into Sam's shoulder. Merry and Pippin silently walked over to Frodo and Sam who were looking out at the stream and meadow that followed. 'What are we looking at?' Merry asked when he couldn't spot anything. 'We were just taking in the view,' Frodo said quietly. Merry and Pippin looked at each other in confusion before joining their companions. After a while they all greed to start on their journey back to Bag End after lunch. When they were all packed and ready, Sam bent down and inhaled the scent of the flowers. 'Just for the road,' he said to Frodo when he stood back up. Soon they were on their way back to Bag End. All four of them were looking forward to sleeping in a real bed again. The ground was never actually comfortable and Sam swore that the roots and sticks deliberately moved to where he had set up his bed. During the next three days they slowly made their progress towards Bag End. By the evening of the third day since they left the special field they could finally see the way back to Hobbiton. As they were heading over the Brandywine Bridge, Rosie Cotton appeared from in front of them still clutching the flower. 'A Liriac*,' she said breathlessly. 'That's what this flower is called. I asked my father and he called it a Liriac,' she said answering the four puzzled faces that stood before her. 'Of course!' Frodo said suddenly,' clapping his head to his hand. 'I remember my father telling me about it when we went to the field.' They conversed with Rosie for a little while longer before saying good bye and heading to Bag End. They soon reached it and Bilbo was at the door waiting for them 'I had a feeling you might turn up some time tonight,' he laughed. The five of them walked inside where Merry Pippin and Frodo all went straight to bed. Sam went back home to number two. Frodo awoke late in the night and he realized that he hadn't told Bilbo he had found his mother's locket. He got out of bed, took the locket and went in search of Bilbo. Frodo found him sitting on the sofa by the hearth of the fire reading. Frodo sat down next to him, startling the old hobbit. 'Frodo, what are you doing awake so late?' Bilbo asked. 'Uncle I realized something just now; I never showed you something that I found while I was gone,' Bilbo had a curious look on his face. Frodo took from his pocket his mother's necklace. Bilbo gasped. 'I found it when we reached the field. It was hooked on a rock. I know it's hers because there is a picture of Mother, Father and me inside.' Frodo passed the locket to Bilbo who looked at it carefully. He handed it back to Frodo and told him to keep it safe, it was a precious thing. Frodo went back to bed happily that night and dreamt of his parents.