back. "I see, well I trust that when we leave you will not follow. That you now realize Aragorn is not a man to be killed." The switch was so sudden, that she was left speechless for a moment. And even though his tone brooked no argument, she did. "No." This time the Dwarf, Gimli spoke up. "And why isn't it?" "Because unfortunately I have been fooled before and many lost their lives when I gave a truly wicked man the benefit of the doubt. Although I ended him eventually, I could have prevented a good deal of suffering. Let me accompany you all so that I can see his deeds with my own eyes. As soon as I'm satisfied I will leave." Her gaze shifted between them, watching as they took in her words and contemplated. Gandalf was the one to speak. "And how do we know, that you aren't planning to stab Aragorn in the back?" "I would give you my word; however understandably I doubt that will be enough to quell your concern. Whatever is needed to make your decision easier, I will agree." Aragorn moved forward until he stood directly in front of her, forcing her to look up, otherwise she would have been starring at the hollow of his throat. "Since we don't know how cunning a hunter you are, would you even agree to being disarmed with your wrists bound?" "Yes." He seemed surprised by her quick agreement, when such a decision would leave her defenseless amongst a group of males. "Although I wish to study you Str…Aragorn, even though I am a stranger, I do not feel Gandalf would sit idly by while something atrocious was done to me. I see nothing but kindness in his eyes." At her words Gandalf chuckled, his gaze shifting to Aragorn for a good moment before he nodded. Perhaps they had decided that it would be more troublesome to leave her to her own devices, then to have her accompany them "What an attune little lady, since it seems you'll be traveling with us, will you not give us your name?" She had to keep herself from jumping when Boromir reached around her to undo her sword belt, Legolas as well moving to unclasp her quiver, for he had already retrieved her bow and had it stowed over his shoulder. "M-my name is Caleigh." Although she had agreed to be disarmed, she still made note of where her weapons now resided, Legolas had taken charge of her bow and arrows, while Boromir took her blades. The clever man was even smart enough to check Caleigh's boot where she kept a hidden knife. "Come lassie; let me see your hands." She moved her hands forward so that he could bind her wrists with rope; she was relieved that he didn't tie them too tight which had been what she expected a Dwarf to do. "Caleigh are you certain of this? We will strike you down without hesitation if you prove to be lying." "Then there is no need for me to be concerned. The same goes for you Aragorn." Caleigh was a little surprised when he smiled at her comment, turning on his heel to head back up towards the path where the Hobbits continued to wait. "Oh wait, I have a rucksack by the rocks, there are useful items in there that I would rather not leave." Gandalf gave a light nod as he turned to follow Aragorn, requesting Boromir to retrieve it as Legolas motioned for her to start walking so that he could stand behind. Although the Elf had voiced no complaint and had merely observed, it was clear he was very weary of her. She was tempted to laugh as she walked up the path. What a day it had turned out to be. Though she wasn't concerned about her future for she saw little harm in following a group of travelers. Proof she knew very little about those around her. As for being tied up with a group of males? Still no concern for her words were true about Gandalf, but even more than that, even when having an arrow leveled in her direction, she never read malevolence in the crystal blue depths of the Elf's eyes. Once the group had been reunited, they wasted not a moment and continued on the path they had been on before Caleigh's little interruption. A solid ten minutes had passed when she had finally reached her wits end at the questioning gaze the four Hobbits were burning into her back. Slowing her pace, she gave them time to catch up, Legolas having matched her movements, while still staying a few paces behind. No doubt scouting as well as watching her. Doing a light shake of her head so that her auburn locks would be out of her way, she offered a soft smile. "I'm Caleigh." The one in the middle with the darkest hair gave a sheepish smile while a slightly plump one shifted over, doing his best to shake one of your bound hands, which you obliged. "I'm Sam, this here's Frodo, and over there is Merry and Pippin. All nine of us are on an important quest. We're-" A cough from Gandalf interrupted him before he could finish, and although she was curious, she wouldn't pry, she'd watch. "Miss Caleigh, why are you tied up?" "Reasons that you need not worry about Sam, just misunderstandings that will eventually be ironed out I'm sure." "Oh I see." And just like that all fell into a relatively comfortable silence. Each individual saving their focus for the trek on the path they were walking. And this gave Caleigh time to truly begin pondering on what strong bond seemed to be connecting these nine males to the road they were on. Perhaps she was wrong and they weren't simply travel companions. Regardless, she was stuck on this path until she made her mind up about the man Aragorn.