What does he eat?" Merry grinned his haphazard smile, " At a meal like that, anything he can get his hands on, including the ale." " Mayhaps he should refrain from consuming so much. Where is his room?" The other two halflings staggeringly led him to a set of rooms that they were sharing. Endarine followed close behind. Inside the room were four beds, one already occupied by a snoring Frodo. The other three were all in disarray, with little sets of steps sat on the side so the Hobbits could get themselves in the beds. Merry led Legolas over to one, and the elf carried Sam over to it, laying him gently in bed, removing his heavy outer clothing, leaving a thin tunic and trousers. Covering him with the thick blankets, Legolas made sure the other Hobbits were carefully abed before extinguishing the candle and turning to leave. By the light of the flames in the fireplace he could see Endarine leaning on the edge of the door, and his breath caught in his throat. By the waving orange light, her hair shone like a winded lake in moonlight. Her eyes, deepened to a fathomless black in the darkness, shined with what seemed a thousand fiery jewels. He also seemed to notice now, which he hadn't seemed to with her sitting at the table, her lithe yet well-built form, beautiful in the graceful garment she wore now. Lucky for him, by his face being away from the fire, she could see nought but shadows for his face, and therefore not see the look of longing that had burst into his eyes. He shook his head, trying to rid himself of his thoughts, but they would not cease. Instead, he walked out of the room, closing the heavy wooden door and once again taking up her arm. Leading to their hallway once again, he stopped in front of her set of rooms. " I thank you for the pleasant eve, Legolas." He found himself speechless. This was the first time he had ever felt……what was the human term? Ah, butterflies, butterflies in his stomach. He tried to speak, but no words came to him. Endarine, too felt the same way. She had just used common courtesy to thank him, but now her mind became as smooth as a millpond with no wind. They both ended up looking at the other, blue eyes delving into blue eyes. Then, something burst into Legolas' mind. He couldn't believe he had thought of it. What would Endarine think!! But his body seemed to move against his will. He leaned in closer, Endarine having to look up to keep their eye contact. He leaned in even nearer, his breath now audible in Endarine's ear, her breathing heard in his. Half closing her eyes, she closed the distance between them. Their lips met, each one's head tilting, melting into the other. Unbeknownst to himself, Legolas's arms reached up and cupped her back and shoulders, as her hands came up to embrace the back of his neck, fingers running through his long blonde hair. They gave themselves to the moment. A sudden sharp, chill wind pulled both from the kiss, their foreheads touching. They gazed into each others eyes once more, their breath hanging in a silvery cloud around them. Endarine's hand came to rest upon his cheek, his hand immediately came up and covered it. He pulled it away, holding her hand with his. He brought it to his lips, kissed it, then let it go. " I must bid you good night, Endarine." She nodded in agreement. " And I to you, Legolas. I shall see you on the morrow." She backed up, turning around and entering her rooms. Before closing the door, she looked out to see him still looking at her. " Quel undome, Legolas." " Quel undome, Endarine." And he turned, striding to his door, entering his chambers with one swift movement. Endarine closed her door and turned. Walking to her bed, she smiled in remembrance. She remembered the feel of his kiss, of his hands on her shoulders, the silkiness of his hair running effortlessly through her fingers. She remembered his scent. Like morning dew, the forest on a clear night. She hugged herself, grinning. A slight breeze blew in the window from near the bathing room, and her nose was assaulted by the smell of cinnamon. The candles!!! She'd left them burning in the little stone nitch by the tub. She blew all but one out, carrying it to her bedside table. The fire was burning down, but was banked well enough to keep the coals live until the morning. Changing quickly into a white nightrobe, Endarine tucked herself underneath her blankets and, blowing out the final candle, fell into a deep, dreamy sleep. Outside in the hallway, Aragorn was grinning to himself. He had followed the two out of the dining hall, avoided being seen when they'd stopped to help the fat Hobbit, then tailed them here. He had peeked around the corner. He knew it was rude beyond all imagining, but he couldn't help having a little bit of blackmail for his best friend. Legolas already had plenty on him. Ha hadn't known how quickly their feelings would bubble over. He had almost cried out in surprise when they had suddenly embraced. Only a great degree of self control had halted him from doing so. A brisk wind blew, chilling him to the bone, but he didn't move. Looking back around the corner, he saw the two of them move apart, the light upon Legolas face as Endarine opened her door. Then Legolas turned and entered his own room. When he heard the clunk of the door as it shut, Aragorn turned and ran as quietly as he could back to his own room, silently cheering A/N: I hope you enjoyed, it should be a while though for the next chapter and the begining to the story. TTFN.