how to react. The first time, when I supposedly saved you from that spider, you just lashed at me so fast that I didn't know how to react and I just lashed back. And from there on, I acted like a child, and I just kept it up and pumped myself about it because I never knew how to approach you in any other way. I… I never imagined you though I thought you unworthy. You are a fierce and strong warrior, and you'll be a great leader for your people, if your time shall ever come, Valar forbid anything from happening to your father." She gives him a teary look, and he's not sure whether it's the result of her earlier frustration or of his speech. In the still of the night, under the gentle light of a winter half moon, she is a sight to behold. "I was so stupid. I never realised…" This time she starts the kiss, and she's hesitant as she lays her hand on his chest. She has never been so delicate and frail as in this moment, as Glorfindel lays his hands on her waist. As they part he lifts a hand and caresses her lips. "You are so beautiful. I never told you, but you are." She kisses his fingers and smiles, then she pulls him in for another kiss. He can see that the sad light in her eyes is not gone, but he also can see a spark that wasn't there before, before their lips meet again. He closes her arms around her and pulls her even more close, and he feels her smiling into the kiss. He can feel the gentle caress of her tongue on his lips and he grants her access, pleasantly surprised. Usually it's all tongue and teeth, but this is gentle, slow and passionate. As they are parting he leans in and steals another fast sloppy peck on her full lips. "Well, it seems you were right all along, my Lady. We didn't need to talk about it." He smirks. "Oh, do shut up, you insufferable elf." She replies, but she is smiling, and she doesn't move from his arms. She actually leans in to gently nibble on his lower lip, and he laughs and steals another fast kiss. "You make me feel so young." He then says, turning serious. She doesn't reply, possibly at loss for words, and he leans down into another lusciously slow kiss. He could spend the whole night like this. He tells her. She laughs. "Hopefully not necessarily like this. You are an amazing source of warmth, but you were right, it is a cold night, and I'm not wearing much." There's definitely a mischievous spark in her eyes now, and he grins, and he kisses her. "Well, my chambers are not that far away. We could see if we could manage to have you wearing even less." She full on laughs, throwing her head back. "You big oaf, your chambers are on the other side of the house." He laughs, too. "Well, yes, yes they are. But I have miruvor and a bottle of your favourite white wine there." "Someone is trying to get me drunk I see." She doesn't ask how he know what's her favourite wine. "Will I need to?" "Have you ever needed to?" As he doesn't know what to answer to that, Glorfindel merely lowers his mouth on her, and this time the kiss is deep and lusty, and her hands are in his hair, gently pulling the golden strands. He growls lightly and bites her lower lip. She laughs once again, and he finds himself realising that he has never seen her laugh this much in the many years he's known her. "Didn't you say something about a room and some spirits? Or are you going to take advantage of me here, as I were nothing but a maid?" "Most surely not. And I do have to apologise, far too many times I did that." "I never complained. Now, wouldn't you take me to that room of yours my lord?" She is smiling earnestly, and he nods, slowly releasing her from his embrace. She takes his hand smiling, and he leads her swiftly through corridors and staircases. As they're passing the Hall of Fire she stops and pulls him behind a column to steal another kiss. As they're breaking apart he can hear familiar voices coming closer. "I didn't see Glorfindel leave." "He probably left to search for a bit of fresh air Erestor, you know how he is." A third voice chimes in, mischievous. "Yes, what Elrond said." "What?" "Leave it Erestor. Gildor is acting like he know something about Glorfindel that we don't for the past two weeks, and he won't bulge. He probably found out what colour our seneschal likes for his undergarments." The voices fade in the distance and Glorfindel can feel her snickering in his neck. "Tell me I didn't just hear the Lords of this house talking about your undergarments." "I am honestly not sure what they were talking about. I should probably be worried, though. It never ends well when they decide to make me their little leisure project." This time she full on laughs. "Don't worry. I will protect you from those big bad lords." Glorfindel laughs too, and starts again walking toward his chambers. He likes this new laid back version of her. It's probably what everyone else close to her always got to experience, but he never had a chance to experience it before this night. They finally reach their destination, and as soon as they're inside, she's back in his arms, and the old passion is back, the same urge, just without the anger, and instead of a fight it's a game of seduction that leads them to his bedroom, and to the large bed in the middle of it, leaving a trail of clothes behind, and it's like nothing they've experienced before.