ranger, whirled round, hand on the hilt of his sword. When he perceived that it was the elf Legolas who stood silent in the shadows behind him, he dropped his hand and after a moment, turned his gaze back to the sky. "Eomer is young." The elf spoke impassively, without judgement. "He was right," Aragorn replied quietly, "I still love her." He turned a leaf over in his hands. Legolas frowned. "Can Estel only love once?" "A part of me goes with her to the Undying Lands." "Then the rest is still yours to give. The lives of men are short and filled with much hardship. If you can find some comfort in each other, no one here would judge you ill for seeking it, not even Eomer, who is blinded by a brother's love." Aragorn said nothing and where the moonlight touched him, his face was grave and worn like the statues of his forefathers. "Do you care for her?" And the king of Gondor bowed his head and searched his heart long and with much care. ...ooo... The days continued to pass, and Eowyn watched as those who had come to fight in the war against Sauron left one by one for their own countries until only the Fellowship remained and then even that was broken. And still she remained in the House of Healing and her heart was troubled but she could not say why. Soon the time came for Eomer to return to Rohan, which was still kingless, and he went to Eowyn in the Infirmary, where she was helping Ioreth tend those who had not yet healed, and took her aside. Will you not return with me, sister, that your people may look upon your face again and be comforted?" He had asked once before and he saw without happiness that her answer was unchanged. "Here, at least, I can serve some small purpose, helping the sick and wounded. Too long my life has been without meaning." But she could see that her words caused him pain and fell quiet. Instead she hugged him hard and wished him farewell and when they parted, there were tears in both their eyes. "We shall see each other soon, Eowyn," he promised, for he was betrothed to Lothiriel, daughter of Prince Imrahil of Dol Amroth, and would return to Gondor to be wed in the spring. "I wish you much happiness and good fortune, brother," she whispered vehemently and kissed him hard on both cheeks. Then she turned and rushed from the room without looking back. ...ooo... The next morning she rose while it was still dark and stole away, past a sleeping Brighid, to the garden that she had not entered for almost a fortnight. She half ran to the outer wall, and there she stood and watched as Eomer led the riders of the Mark through the stone gates and off towards the Grey Wood under Amon Din, and the lands of Rohan beyond. Staring down at them, she felt a pain in her chest and wondered if she had been wrong to stay. And when she could no longer bear to watch, she turned her gaze to the East instead and saw the sun rising, bright and red, over Ephel Duath, the Shadow Mountains of Mordor. And when Aragorn, entering the garden a moment later, saw her standing there, gazing at the sunrise with the wind in her hair and tears streaming down her face, he knew at last what was in his heart and he went over to her. When she heard him come up behind her, she turned and met his eyes, and her feelings were laid bare on her face. He did not speak and Eowyn felt time slow. And the earth dipped and spun like it had when she had first woken in the House of Healing. Then he closed the space between them with two quick steps and pulled her to him fiercely. She felt his hands tangle in her long hair and he cradled her head tenderly with his broad, calloused palms and caught her mouth with his own. The sun was in her eyes so she closed them and she could taste the salt of her tears on his lips. And when she hesitantly laid a hand on his cheek, she felt the roughness of his jaw, like sandpaper, and the muscles that moved beneath. When neither one could breath, they parted, but he kept his arms around her and she rested her forehead against his own and gave a shaky laugh. Then they walked in the garden for a time and shared all that they thought and felt. Aragorn spoke of Arwen's departure for the undying lands and repeated some of what Eomer had told him, for he wanted her to know what she was promising herself to, and when he had finished, he turned to her gravely and said, "So you see, my lady, I will always carry this burden, and if you would not bind yourself to such a heart, leave now." But she merely smiled wryly and replied, " We are, none of us, unmarked, my lord, and I would bind my life to yours, however short it may be." She knew he was of the Western line and fated to live thrice as long as other men. Then he kissed her once more and in the sun her skin was golden. And afterwards she laughed and said to him, "Now I must go tell Brighid to pack, for I am finally healed and may leave my sick room at last." ...ooo... They were wed in the spring, and when Eomer watched them toast their friends and subjects, he was reassured by the glow of happiness that surrounded her. And though she was still known as the White Lady of Rohan among the Rohirrim, in time, she acquired a new name and was forever remembered by her husband's people as Queen Eowyn the Golden.