of Elendil was reforged. Asking Glorfindel to accompany him, the Elf-lord and his seneschal walked the short path to the forge. The smith greeted them warmly, and anxious for Elrond to see his work, brought forth the sword. Both Glorfindel and Elrond watched with awe as the gleaming metal appeared. The weapon was nearly as long as a spear and it shone as if enveloped in a halo. Upon it the smith had etched many runes and also the seven stars of Elendil, the crescent moon of Isildur and the rayed sun of Anarion. A place had been reserved for its new name as well. Glorfindel asked permission to hold the sword. With a learned eye, he measured and weighed it and sought for its balance. Pronouncing it well-made, he handed it to the Lord of Imladris. Elrond took hold of the weapon and, resisting the urge to contemplate, beheld it afresh. It was beautiful and he thought, held great power. Seeing it whole after so many years had renewed his hope and he found he now looked forward to presenting it to his foster son. The days grew short and the time for the fellowship's departure drew close. Elrond had tried to find the appropriate time and place to gift Aragorn with the reforged sword, but had not as yet found the right opening. The Elf-lord had spent much time in his study and the library going over maps and reviewing reports from the scouting parties. He was there, now, finally finishing the day's paperwork. Pinching the bridge of his nose with thumb and forefinger, he tried to clear his mind. He walked to the balcony and stepped out into the fragrant air and freshwater aroma of Imladris. In so doing, he espied Aragorn walking the path that led to his mother's memorial. Taking the sword, Elrond quickly stepped out of the house and followed his foster-son through the woods. When he came upon the memorial grounds, he halted for a moment and watched his son clean the dirt and twigs from the stone. He stepped into the clearing and softly said: "Anire hen beriad I chen in. Ned Imladris nauthant e le beriathar aen. (She wanted to protect her child. She thought that in Rivendell you would be safe.) In her heart, your mother knew you would be hunted all your life. That you would never escape your fate." "The skill of the elves has reforged the sword. Behold, the shards of Narsil have been remade and it is for you now to name it." The erstwhile Ranger eyed the weapon and then resolutely took it from his father's hands. "It shall be called Anduril – Flame of the West, for it was borne in the hands of Elendil the Tall from Numenor that was. It has matched the Enemy once before and it will surely see service in his ending. I swear it. The sword that was broken shall be as the final throw in the great Enemy's downfall and will see that Frodo complete his task." "Aragorn, it gladdens my heart greatly to see such fortitude as you display. The path will be difficult and none of us know how it will end, but you still bear the name of your youth and you are as estel (hope) to those who love you. I know you will wield this sword with the skill and wisdom of your forefathers. I am very proud of you, Aragorn Arathornion Elrondion. Take it with my love and good wishes." And then kneeling, Aragorn received this blessing from his father and his lord – "May the Valar watch over and protect you, my son. May you come safely through all that is before you and may you find your home and treasure at the end." Two days later, the fellowship gathered at the gates of the Last Homely House. This was the hour of their departure and all was in readiness. Erestor and Glorfindel flanked the Lord of Imladris and his sons and daughter stood but a few paces distant. The entire household had come to bid the travelers good journey. Elrond caught the wizard's attention and with his eyes followed them from the Istar to the sheath at Aragorn's waist. Gandalf nodded and smiled. He bowed his head slightly acknowledging the Elf-lord's deed. Elrond then stepped forward to speak. "The Ring-bearer is setting out on the quest of Mount Doom. On you who go with him no oath nor bond is laid to go farther than you will. Farewell. Hold to your purpose. May the blessings of elves and men and all free folk go with you." The fellowship turned to leave. Frodo took the lead and whispered something to Gandalf, which made the wizard chuckle. They were followed closely by Gimli, Boromir, Pippin, Merry, Legolas and Sam. Aragorn bowed to his father and with a smile to Arwen, he turned to follow the others, and the last Elrond saw of his foster-son for many months was a glint of steel held proudly aloft – a salute and a farewell. Ecthelion's oath refers to the oath of office taken by every Steward of Gondor since the end of the Kings. It reads, "to hold rod and rule in the name of the king, until he shall return." A/N: This, I think, "corrects" many of the things I found disappointing in the movie version of FOTR. The above scenario provides the opportunity to portray Elrond's true relationship with Aragorn and it restores much of Aragorn's innate nobility. It also provides for the appearances of Gorfindel, Erestor, Elladan and Elrohir. This would obviously have the effect of altering future "movie" events also – The Grey Company would ride to Aragorn's aid in Rohan and Arwen's "supposed imminent" demise would not be used as a devise to get the sword into Aragorn's hands, which of course leads to the intended use of the Palantir, etc., etc., etc., as the dominoes continue to fall.