more. Before Gimli could blink, the king hand ripped off the fat man and tossed him aside, off his friend. He was pummeling the man with his fists before his mind could register his actions. The two men whom had dragged in the slave had their knifes drawn in an instinct, "Blasted rapists" Gimli raged under his breath, this was why Aragon had told him to wait. He managed to tackle one knife wielder, but the other he could not. He slashed out at the dwarf as he thundered past, the blade slicing deep into the thick arm, hot as blood spilled. Then with a loud bang he had opened the tavern door and fled into the storm. Aragorn pulled away from the unconscious merchant, whom was bloodied and limp, amazed he had found the self-control to stop the beating before the man lay dead at his feet. The man Gimli had tackled lay limp as well. The dwarf had his arm grasped in his hand, blood spilling from his fingers. He drew the strewn knife off the floor and positioned it over the man's neck, intent on ending his life. "Gimli, no! Halt!" Aragorn's shout paused Gimli "You cannot, he is beaten" the dwarf knew it was true and threw aside the knife in disgust, holding his injured arm close. "Are you all right?" Aragon asked breathless, eyeing his friends wound. Gimli's eyes softened "Aye, I will be. But I am not your concern at present." Aragorn turned and dropped to his knees besides Legolas who was panting –close to the verge of tears- and trying to sit up. "Legolas! How do you fare?" he gently brushed back his friends hair, when the elf's chained hands refused to let him do it himself. Gimli and Aragon stiffened as Legolas shied away from the touch. "Cormamin lindua ele lle, Oio naa elealla alasse'…but please do not touch me" –my heart to see thy, ever is thy sight a joy- Aragorn recoiled softly, pity on his face "Mellon nin, how did this happen?" –my friend- the king struggled to take off the chains, Gimli dug in the fat man's pocket until he found the key. With a snap and a crash the chains fell free from the raw, bloodied flesh. Gimli flinched at the angry, oozing skin beneath. "Nay, I wish not to speak of it now" Aragorn helped his friend stand, who swayed violently. Embarrassed a blush erupted across his cheeks as he saw the crowd still lingering in the tavern. "Have you no shame, lads?!" Gimli shouted threaten in his voice, he shook a fist at the crowd "How dare you buy another being for your pleasures?!" the crowd backed up and busied themselves with their mugs. The silence was awkward, Legolas' eye's burned with tears. His many wounds were irritating his flesh. He suddenly felt a rush of warmth and looked upwards at Aragorn whom had stripped off his outer tunic and draped it over Legolas' shoulders to hide his bare, abused skin. "I need to get out of here, Aragorn…now" Aragorn went to place a hand on the elf's back to lead him out but Legolas flinched away, eyes flashing with fear, sorrow and anger. The man recoiled again, sympathy deep in his features. Aragorn turned to Gimli worry was there too in the dwarf's rough face. They followed the elvenprince outside into the pouring rain, only then -when Legolas could blame the rain- did he let himself cry. His shoulders shook and he nearly collapsed, Gimli lurched forward to steady his friend but Aragorn held him back. A small shake of his head. When their eyes went back to where their friend had stood, only empty rain met them. Legolas had vanished into the storm. "Nay! Fool! Come back!" Gimli shouted over the rain running a few feet into the darkness "Legolas!" he spun in a small circle squinting into the pour. "Gimli! Hold!" Aragorn caught up to his friend "he needs the trees now, friend…he is far beyond our help!" Gimli threw up his hands causing a spray of water, both were drenched to the bone. Clothes hanging and soaked. "Nay, Aragorn! He needs us! He's been through hell and back! He could barely stand! He was hurt!" Aragon looked deep into the storm. "LEGOLAS! LEGOLAS, COME BACK!" he shouted, the rain washed away his voice. "Gimli, there is nothing we can do here! Not in this storm!" "If it was one of us hurt, he'd search the ends of time for us, no matter what the weather! You call yourself a true friend!" "Gimli, I forgive your harsh words, since it is fear for a friend that plagues them! But think rationally, Legolas does not wish to be found! We will not find him until he comes to us!" The wound on Gimli's arm stung in the rain, he found himself sobbing. Embarrassed he tried to hide his face, but as he could only see his dearest of friends –even brother- subjected to such pain and humiliation, he could only weep harder. Deep cries left his throat and he shook in the wet, Aragorn steadied him. Emotion raw in his eyes but hidden in his face. "Steady friend, everything will be all right." Dripping with the storm Aragorn held his friend as he wept, his eyes still searching the veil of rain and darkness. "We will search the moment the storm subsides. I swear of it. I will let no friend of mine suffer alone." Nearby in the forest, the trees –from grief- were dying. 5 reviews or more to continue. thank you for reading even if you do not review, I appreciate you taking the time to -hopefully- enjoy this. let me know what you think may happen, or any suggestions. and sorry but have any of you noticed in the FOTR movie when Legolas helps Gimli into the boat? aww it's so cute! :) Yours Truly, EACT Stay fans, my friends 3