horse began refuse to go any further. At first he commanded the animal to take a few more steps nearer so he could clear the tree line to afford a better vantage point but when the horse let out a distressed huff of air he thought better of it. Looking out across to the opposite bank the state of the river halted the breath in his body. The water was filled with blackened tree branches, bright white leaves, sickly gray colored acorns and pine cones, and other debris. The water itself was a strange gray green color with swirls of black and yellow mixed in here and there. Floating on the surface and at the river's edge amongst the debris were dead fish, frogs, and other water creatures. The horse shifted abruptly underneath him from one foot to the other and back again as if attempting to shake the elf out his fixated state and back into breathing. After taking in a few breaths, shallow and quick in their detail to avoid the full brunt of the smell, Legolas leaned down along the horse's mane and whispered elvish words of reassurances into her perked up ears. With these soft spoken words the animal took the handful of remaining steps that cleared their view of the tree line. Now free to look north and south down the river the elf saw that the state of things was similar in both directions. He was about to turn his gaze away from the southbound stretch of the river when recognition struck his mind. Quite a distance further down along the water he could make out several grand rock formations on either side of the river. These fascinatingly shaped formations collectively created two low overhanging cliffs – the outermost rocks of each nearly touching one another over the center of the river. After passage underneath them the river would dramatically bend southwestward instead of true south. This Legolas could not see but only knew to be true because he recognized the unique color and shape of the rock formations. They marked the bend before the rapids at Rages Deep. This was the River Jaden. Suddenly his chest tightened in upon itself and his heart raced as the realization sunk inward and was absorbed into his heart and mind. "This can not come to be," he whispered against the thick air around him. As if not understanding what the elf knew and she did not but desiring to the horse shifted her weight once again. "Do you not see, my friend? This is the River Jaden. One of the far reaching most resource filled rivers there is. And one of the next heavily inhabited places it will flow into is Gondor!" Most of the River Jaden was swift flowing but it did have its sections where it was more subdued. These areas were where its resources were most critically relied upon. He had ridden along the river much further south not a day ago and the waters there had been clear and teaming with life. When the water he now looked upon reached those areas its effects could be widespread and devastating. "Be swift of speed and strong in endurance, my friend, for we must reach Aragorn with much haste!" the elf cried out to the beautiful horse beneath him. And with not so much as an additional kick of encouragement the animal spun them around back southward and took off as if it were the forceful winter wind. Legolas did not slow the horse until they had returned back to the place of the crying tress where they had stopped earlier. He quickly dismounted and rushed over to the tree which he had conversed with on their first visit. "Lefty, my tree friend, I have seen the north and our fears are warranted. And there is a question I must ask of you!" Legolas called out as he arrived at the base of the oak tree. But the tree did not reply. The elf's heart pulsed furiously against his chest as a result of his galloped ride. The beating echoed in his eardrums as well. Perhaps he was not hearing a whispered answer from the tree because it was masked by this internal distraction. So he keyed up his hearing and all of his senses and when he did he came to a saddened realization. The tree has passed away while he had been gone. Its spirit was no longer present. Then something else struck him and he looked about. The other trees no longer cried out as they had when he had stood in the same spot earlier in the day. "Be at peace!" he offered them. With those whispered words Legolas sunk down to his knees and hung his head. Then he wept for a long time. His heartbreak echoed hauntingly amongst the now silenced cluster of trees. "What evil hath taken ahold here?" he pondered once the tears had released his voice back to him. His heart ached fiercely to know of what was causing the trees demise. For if he knew there was nothing that would stand in the way of his fighting and decisively defeating it. Lifting his head up high he gazed around at the newest casualties of this unseen enemy. "Whatever evil you are I will defeat you!" he declared. Standing he placed a hand upon Bentley's trunk and bowed his head giving the deceased tree a respectful silent blessing for his journey into the beyond. Then lifting his fingertips from his bark the elf turned away. A heartbeat later he was mounted on his horse and turned their direction southbound once more. And he rode with all the intensity of his love for the trees and all the fierceness of his warrior spirit towards those who had stood beside him in battle so bravely in times before. As twilight began to descend upon the forest surrounding him Legolas raced desperately to outrun it. To Be Continued…