man and an elf, like to that of your own, but it is elsewhere that the lesson may be found." He continued, "The tale of Turin Turambar and of the kin-slayers has already been written, even as that of Isildur, your ancestor. Their part on Arda has already been played and it is now history, over and done. Do you not see? We have not yet seen the completed tale of Aragorn Arathornion. You have much to do before that story is history and told in tale and song. You are not Turin Turambar, as you are not Isildur. Besides, are you not also scion to Beren and Earendil, Elros and Elendil? The story that is told is not the story as yet untold – your story. You are to be Elessar Envinyatar, The Elf-Stone, The Renewer. In you is all that is possible for the age of man to come." "You may not yet know which pathway is yours to take, but you must have no fear that when the times comes to take up your destiny, you will be ready, and more than that, able." And then, smiling in kindness, he added, "Would we entrust our beloved granddaughter to just any man?" Grasping Aragorn's shoulder, Legolas replied, "Lord Celeborn is right, Aragorn. Guren bed enni, gwador. (My heart speaks for me, brother.) I will follow you wherever your path leads and we will, together, see the story of Elessar to its' completion. Like Beleg Cuthalion and Turin Turambur of old we may be, but with joyous end. Let us go forward, mellon-nin." With that, the young Prince reached behind him and taking up the Flame of The West, (which he had brought with him at Celeborn's request) returned the sword to his friend. Aragorn looked at them both, hesitated and then took the sword, saying, "Le hannon. (Thank you.) I am moved beyond words and I will endeavor with all my heart to live up to them. It is true that I have dwelt overmuch on the past. I will think on your words." With a bow to the Elf Lord, the pair then left to join their fellows. Celeborn had no small hope that the Aragorn who left Lorien would not be the same man who had arrived, and went in search of his Lady. All too soon, the fellowship's time in the great wood came to an end and they made ready to depart. Before they left, Galadriel bade them to partake in one last meal and to drink the cup of farewell. At the close of the meal, the Elf Lord and his Lady presented gifts to the group. To all, Galadriel gave elven waybread, Lembas, and deceptively plain cloaks closed with a mithril and green leaf. She spoke, saying, "In younger days, in Doriath, Melian and Thingol, the King and Queen during Beleg and Turin's time clothed their people in mystical cloth, woven by Melian's own hand. It is said that at need, the cloth would hide what is in plain sight and reveal that which is hidden. Take these then, which I have made with all my thoughts and good wishes. May they be of help you along your journey." Galadriel also presented a gift to each member of the fellowship. A belt of gold was given to Boromir and ones of silver toMerry and Pippin. Sam received a mysterious box of earth and seeds and Frodo was given a phial of pure beautiful light. Gimli, awestruck, was given three locks of the Lady's starlit hair, which he cherished to the end of his days. Turning to Legolas she said, "To you, our Sindarin cousin, we give a bow wrought by the Galadhrim. It is like to that of Beleg's which was called Belthronding, and like his, made of yew-wood. May you, our Strongbow, use it to good end." Celeborn then reached behind him and produced a sheath. Handing it to Aragorn, he spoke, "A sword reforged and renamed deserves a new sheath. Take this then, and wear it well, for your sword is famed and so will its' bearer be." Aragorn, placing Anduril in its' new sheath, thanked the Elf Lord. Finally, Galadriel delivered into the Ranger's hands a beautiful brooch, crafted of mithril in the form of an eagle with a great green beryl stone set in its' middle. "This," she said, "I have been holding for you for many years. It was delivered into my hands by Olorin and brought by him from Valinor to be set against the day when it would be gifted to the one whose name it foretells. It is the Elessar, the Elf-Stone, and it was worn by thy forefather Earendil in days of old.(3) Take it then, and bear the name which you will take when you come into your own." Pinning the brooch to his chest, Aragorn regarded Celeborn and Galadriel. "I thank you for these gifts and much more besides. I thank you for your wise counsel, and the confidence that you have shown in me. I take your leave a different man than when I arrived and for that I am most grateful." He saluted them – hand to forehead and then heart, and took his leave. Turning to his fellow travelers then, Aragorn told them, "Let us be off." Dipping their paddles into the great river, and with the sun shining brightly upon them, the fellowship moved slowly away from the shore, knowing not what was before them, but with renewed vigor, confident in their quest and with peace in their hearts. And for the first time in a great while, Aragorn also looked forward - to fulfilling his part in the story untold. The Silmarillion , Of The Rings of Power and The Third Age The Silmarillion , Of Turin Turambar Unfinished Tales , The History of Galadriel and Celeborn Nearly all Sindarin taken from A Gateway To Sindarin , by David Salo, The University of Utah Press, 2004