disband and the worries lift off their weight in her shoulders and fly away. Andy sighed. One last time. XX The modestly clad woman woke up with a start. Jolting up from the uncomfortable position she was situated in on the cold forest floor and darting her dilated pupils in a frantic pace. A cold sweat broke out. Starting from her forehead to the back of her neck. She licked her lips nervously and patted herself continuously, almost obsessively. She could tell something was not right, but she could put a label on it. Perplexed as she was, she was also confused. So very confused. That last thing she remembered was her unfortunate death at the hand of a drunkard. Something was incorrect with this situation. She felt the leaves crunching under her twisting body and waited for her eyes to adjust to the semi darkness of the forest she was currently laying in. No. No. No. No. This wasn't right. Andi was positive that when you die, you don't end up fainted on the floor of a forest at night covered in your own fresh blood. Right? That would just be... " So fucked up." Andi finished her sentence aloud, taking in her surroundings. Her eyes popped open as strong emotions of fear and bewilderment rushed through her. Head to toe. The back hairs of her neck shot up as she hastily brought her hand up to the entry point of the bullet. She looked down as she continued to do a search of herself, bolting to her feet and flinging her flimsily blouse off. She laughed. Softly at first. So softly that it was almost inaudible to even herself. Then as the realization dawned on her that the wound was no longer there (just the mess she scowled), her laugh raised an octave, losing its sanity as it rose. Tears flowed out, of gratitude and out if sheer terror as she grasped her situation. Andi threw her head back to look at the sky once she was relatively calmed down. She took a sharp breath at the luminous moon and the clusters and clusters of stars that were painted across the never ending sky. The forest floor was embraced in a soft pale glow as were the trees. As Andi took in more of the forest she was taken aback, stunned at the raw beauty of it all. The pristine, gigantic trees that looked like they could hold the world and the decadent flora that blossomed throughout the space so freely and passionately. The soothing glow of the moon and the stars that shone and that were littered across the sky. The whole atmosphere of this forest was unnatural. Magical, mystical, peaceful. It was like nothing Andi had ever felt before. She began to walk. Her pace slow as she was too awed by the magnitude of the forest to go any faster. She clutched her shirt tightly in one hand and ran the other through her bloodmatted and sweaty hair. It was this distraction that prevented her from seeing the protruding root and the catalyst that helped fulfill the conclusion of her falling face flat on the ground. "Urrghh." Andi moaned and quickly supported her upper half by her arms and brought herself back up to her feet. Groaning again in pain she nearly screamed bloody murder when she found herself face to face with an arrowhead pointing menacingly at the space in-between her eyes. " Daro ." A deep, melodious voice rang out from in front of her. She opened her mouth to stay something but all that she could managed was a squeak. Not wanting to face her attacker and the pure irony of it all, waking up alive after your death then dying once more by murder, Andi screwed her eyes shut before all the agony, confusion, annoyance, and anger took control. Andi snapped her eyes open and smacked the arrow out of her vision, it quickly reverted to its original place, which succeed in making her even more infuriated. "Listen you little bitch! I've had ENOUGH ! Can't a girl just die then wake up covered in her own blood in a FUCKING FOREST ?! Huh buster?! Don't just st... Oh." Andi trailed off as the arrow was lowered and she met the eyes of a most beautiful man, no, creature. Whatever he was, he was not human. He glowed just like the forest, unearthly, unnatural, but incredibly beautiful nonetheless. He had an austere expression but his eyes spoke volumes. Andi could sense the confusion and defense dancing in the orbs of his crisp blue eyes. His long almost silver, blonde hair swayed with the gentle breeze, as did Andi's, but hers was not nearly as graceful and luxurious. 'Wait' Andi thought as she examined the stunning being in front of her. 'There is no way a guy can have such long hair, or full lips and eyes lashes.' "Are you a girl? Because... Damn." Andi blurted out in a appreciative tone, momentarily forgetting her situation. "And what type of hair products do you... Oh." Her eyes widened when his hardened and narrowed in a baleful glare. Her mouth snapped shut and she paled considerably. "Just kidding?" She said pathetically, still fidgeting under his intense glare. He growled as more of his kind emerged from the trees. A quick thought shot through her mind that he actually got the gist of what she was saying. Andi drew in a staggering breath as more gorgeous aliens walked towards them, their hair similar to her attacker, and was not able to control her body shutting down once more from the events that had taken place. Needless to say, she ended up back on the forest floor. Hey guys! PKT here. Please review! I really want to know what you guys think. Can you guess where she is? I think you know~ Who's ready for Benedict Cumberbatch in Star Trek? I am. My body is ready.