Faramir's face. "Mama sometimes says the name Lirah in her sleep." "Well, isn't that funny. Tristo, Lirah needs her sleep. You must be careful and keep from coming in here so that Lirah will not wake up." Faramir's stern voice did not scare the child though. "Why?" "Because she is sick, child," answered Eowyn. Lirah could tell from the tender expression with which she looked at Tristo, Eowyn wanted a child. "Are you very sick?" asked the boy. "No, not very," laughed Lirah (although it made her side hurt all the more to laugh). "I will be better soon." "Okay." Tristo seemed to lose interest then, and skipped out the door. "You really should be in bed though," said Eowyn. "I'm going crazy lying in that bed, and sitting in this room. I need to get out of here." Faramir's expression hardened. "Eowyn is right, you should be asleep. You won't get better if you don't rest, and then it'll be longer before you'll be able to get out of here." "Fine!" Lirah sighed, and she slowly made her way to the bed. Eowyn and Faramir said goodbye, promising to return the next day. Staring up at the ceiling, Lirah whispered "I've got to get out of here." She got up, slowly, remembering to be careful. It wasn't hard, the pain in her side was still horrendous. She walked to the table where the hooded cloak she had originally been wearing had been placed, folded. She tied the garment's strings about her neck and pulled the hood over her face. The idiots hadn't locked the door. Well, they obviously didn't want her to stay. She stuck her head out the door and peered down the hallway. No one. "Hello?" called Arwen. The hooded person stopped. They must have known who she was, because whoever the person was bowed. They then continued on their way. "Pardon me, but may I inquire as to who you are?" "Forgive me, Queen, but my name is not fit for these great halls. I am not permitted to speak it." Very unusual, thought Arwen. "Madam," she called out once more. "I am intrigued by your appearance and your refusal to make yourself known. Tell me who you are. Or at least let me see your face." Lirah knew that ignoring a direct command from the queen of Gondor would be foolish. She also knew that her mother would not likely recognize her face. "As you wish, my lady." She pulled off her hood. Arwen's eyes grew wide in surprise. "Why you look incredibly familiar. You look almost like…well you rather look like me." The queen walked forward to look at Lirah's face more closely. And suddenly her face turned ashen. "Where did you get that?" she whispered. Lirah knew she had seen her necklace. It was made of ruby and mithril, and was given to her at birth by her mother. "I've always had it. Ever since I was a child." Arwen did not understand though, she was in shock at seeing the necklace. "Lirah! Lirah!" a voice cried out. The two women turned to see Tristo running towards them. "Lirah," he said. "Shouldn't you be in bed? I thought you were sick?" "Yes, Tristo, I should. I miss my home though, and I was just going to leave." "Oh but you mustn't leave. Faramir and Eowyn were going to bring you a kitten. They told me it is a surprise. You mustn't leave, you're nice and you look like Mama." Arwen's face had, if anything turned whiter. She opened her mouth and stood there for a moment. Then she screamed. Tristo, confused, started to cry and ran away. "You're alive! How is it that you lived? Aragorn said you had died, you were born weak." Her voice came out barely audible. There were tears streaming down her cheeks. "I…I was raised by some dwarves who found me on a mountainside. They kept me for ten years, and told me how they'd seen a man leave me there, to die, when I was three days old, calling me Lirah. They said I'd had this necklace on me, and elven garments. After ten years they turned me over to some wood elves and I lived with them for awhile." "But he said…" "I don't know. I must go though, I was instructed not to speak to you. Legolas said I wasn't allowed to and…" "No you weren't allowed to," said Legolas, knocking Lirah to the ground. "My lady, are you alright, I heard your scream, and I came running. What did this woman do to you? She was under orders from the king that she was not allowed to see or speak to you." "What have you done? Get out! Do you know who this is? Look at the state of her! Get out and get me Faramir. Why wouldn't he tell me she was alive? Unless it was him that left her there to die!!! Get out and speak of this to no one, especially the king!!! And get me Faramir now! GO!" Legolas, for the first time since Lirah had seen him, looked surprised. He turned and ran. Arwen knelt down next to her daughter, sobbing. "What did he do to you? Are you hurt?" "I'm alright, mother. I fell on my arm oddly though. It pains me. At least the cut didn't reopen." At that moment Faramir came in. He took in the whole scene with on glance. "Where shall I take her? I don't know what the king means to do with her. It seems that he does not wish for her to be around, and he may imprison her. She needs to be somewhere safe where she will have the conditions to heal her injuries, without further danger to be harmed." "Take her to Rohan. Eomer will understand. I'll go with Tristo to visit her shortly." Faramir picked up Lirah, and left. The queen, overcome, sank to the ground, and sobbed.