Too soon? To Faramir, he was certainly his King. But was he his Aragorn ? The answer, he now knew, was closer to yes than he'd previously dared hope. The soft-spoken, often serious Faramir became someone else entirely when behind closed doors and beneath Aragorn's skilled hands, his voice rising unchecked and crying out unhindered when he reached his climax. He was so vocal when they made love, words and later, other, increasingly animalistic noises spilling forth from his lips as they moved together, heat within heat. This last time, as they'd hurriedly collided together, with none of their previous languor; this last time, Faramir had breathlessly chanted his love, three times, four, the last a strangled yell, degenerating into a moan that pushed Aragorn over the edge himself. It had been glorious. Faramir used to be shy. Aragorn had gotten used to, and didn't mind in the least, initiating everything, for Faramir never refused. Weeks passed, and Faramir grew braver. He would move first to kiss the King when they found themselves alone. He had held himself back during their passion, but now he let loose his tongue and they shouted and groaned together and Faramir's hitherto hidden confidence shone forth. When they had first made love, six months ago, neither of them had had much of a clue but were so drunk on each other in that moment that it didn't matter. It had been rough, and they had fallen onto the bed in a mess of urgently half removed clothing and tangled hair. The second time, later that night, when they had awoken in a bemused and slightly embarrassed state to find one another in the bed, they had looked at each other for a long time before Aragorn reached out and ran his fingers though Faramir's hair and they slowly succumbed to each other once more. They had slept again, in an embrace that the morning light and sobriety unravelled, and they then danced around each other in awkwardness in the light of day. Aragorn could feel the metal of the ring catch against his beard as Faramir's fingertips wound their way up into his hair. He had known Faramir would never accept the ring as a gift, a token of love or otherwise, but he had wanted to bestow it nonetheless. It had all begun as an alcohol induced moment of fantasy, but Aragorn now needed Faramir to know he meant to honour him with a place in his heart. He smiled down at Faramir, who now rested his cheek against the King's shoulder and murmured softly. Aragorn had found love, and had found it in another man. His Steward no less. But the King was no longer lonely, and that was what mattered. Faramir awoke again, late in the night. They had moved away from each other in sleep, Aragorn turned on his side away from him, breathing even. The blanket pooled around his slim hips, exposing his naked back to the cool air. The room was quiet. Faramir rose and returned to the bathroom. It was still dim, but he could see himself in the mirror well enough. He shook out his flattened hair. It was strange to think that the way Aragorn felt when he looked at Faramir was the same as how he felt when he looked back at the King. He was just himself after all. He saw to his business, then turned to wash. His hand clinked against the basin, and he looked at the ring once more in the pale dawn seeping through from the shutter. It was beautiful, so staggeringly ancient. He brought it to his lips and kissed the knuckle. He would have to give it back, come sunrise. For someone to see it on his hand would spell the doom of everything they had together. Faramir knew that it all must remain secret and also that the secret was one impossible to keep forever. As the weeks went on this troubled him more often; doubtless it worried Aragorn too, but they hadn't spoken of it yet. They were careful, beyond careful. They took care not to be seen together too often. To all outward observers they appeared to be nothing more than very good friends, and perhaps these onlookers took joy from the fact the King and the Steward seemed close; in these new, easier times it was a boon to have their lords so companionable. It set a good example. So long as no-one found out they shared a great deal more than a glass of wine in their rooms four nights out of seven. They had been careful, and they had been lucky. So far. The re-entry to a warm bed with a warm body in it was always bliss after the chill of the air beyond. Aragorn's fingers twined with Faramir's as the younger slid behind him and hooked a leg over the King's. If he could stay like this forever, with his face buried in Aragorn's hair, and heat captured between them from shoulder to toe, Faramir truly wouldn't mind at all. Tomorrow they would awaken early and Aragorn would dress and leave him, slipping quietly away to his, thankfully nearby, apartments. Faramir hated mornings now for that fact alone. Their parting was always bitter-sweet; a long, last kiss, a glance, before one or the other slipped through the door and left with nothing but their scent on the bedclothes as evidence of their liaison. They would see each other again shortly, sometimes not even an hour later at an early council meeting. But then it was different. Then; they were no closer than the King and his Steward should be. Faramir loved him, there was no doubt in that. He loved him as his King, and he loved him as his Aragorn. Faramir tightened his embrace briefly. Aragorn murmured in his sleep. Surely if their love held true, then nothing the dawn could bring could alter that. "Goodnight, my love."