go get ready for supper then," Megan informed him. "I'll escort you to your room then." They walked slowly down the corridors in silence. Megan was surprised that she remembered the way. But after a while they finally reached her door. She paused as she reached for the handle and said, "Thank you for such a nice afternoon." Legolas' smile made his eyes sparkle. "You're welcome," he replied and before she could enter the room said, "Would you mind accompanying me to supper?" Megan's eyes widened, "Well all right." He smiled that smile again and said, "Good! I'll come for you at a quarter to six." Legolas then turned and walked away. Megan, as if in a trance, opened the door entered, and closed it behind her. Legolas Greenleaf had just asked her to supper!  That night Megan lay in the big canopy bed in a soft cotton nightgown and pondered the events of the day. Yesterday…or at least she thought it was yesterday, she was exploring a cave with Katie and today she was in Middle earth and got to dance with Legolas Greenleaf! Her life had definitely made a turn for the better, so long as she didn't have to wake up. That evening had been the best she had ever experienced. It was a regular celebration to welcome the guests. Every one in the Fellowship was there, though they weren't the Fellowship yet. Megan couldn't help wondering how everyone looked exactly as they did in the movies. Peter Jackson had really done a good job of casting. Legolas had introduced her to Aragorn, and even though she had just met him she completely looked up to and admired him. She couldn't have helped thinking how great a ruler he would make. She had nearly fainted when Legolas had asked her to dance. It was just like meeting your favorite celebrity and them being exactly as you imagined them, and more. And besides that they seemed to completely admire you. Megan tried her hardest to keep her eyes open, but she was so content she just couldn't help it. Soon she had drifted off to sleep despite her fear of waking up in her own world.  The next morning Megan was shown to Katie's room. By ten o'clock he girl had begun to wake up. "Where am I?" Katie mumbled, her world spinning before her. "We're in Rivendell, Katie." A familiar voice said. "Meg?" She questioned. "Yeah, I'm here, Kate" "What do you mean, Rivendell?" "Open your eyes and you'll see what I mean." Katie sat up wearily and looked around the room. Everything was similar to what Megan had seen, but instead of blue everything what a very light green. "Am I dreaming," Katie asked in surprise, gazing in disbelief, just as her friend had the day before. "No, our dreams have come true." Megan said, then got up and began rummaging through her friend's wardrobe. "And if you'll get dressed now we'll have just enough time to 'crash a council'." She continued, and then threw a dress at her friend. "This has got to be the weirdest dream I've ever had." Katie informed her friend, as she reluctantly slipped into the dress. "I'm serious not even the flying saucers and worm holes in pools beat this!" Megan sighed then stomped across the room and soundly pinched her friend on the arm. "OW!" she cried and rubbed the now red spot. "Believe me now?" Megan asked. "Almost." After Katie had dressed they ran downstairs. Megan had found the council area on her wanderings the day before, and led her friend toward it. They turned the last corner and heard the unmistakable Scottish- like accent say, "Anyways you need people of intelligence on this sort of mission…quest…thing!" "Pippin." They said simultaneously, and ran through the arch. "And you'll have to suffer us as well." Megan said. "Yep." Katie added, right behind her. She even managed to almost trip over her dress, causing a stifled laugh to come from her friend. "No! You ladies will not leave Rivendell. It is too dangerous." Elrond commanded. "Oh, really? Well it will be dangerous here if you keep us!" Megan shouted. "And who are you calling 'Ladies'?" Katie added, "We're girls and just because we're girls doesn't mean we can't kick butt!" As a last effort Megan walked up to Elrond and stood on her tiptoes. "Look, lets just say we have really good foresight and know exactly what's going to happen and we might even be able to help." She whispered to him. Then continued out loud, "We can defend ourselves, as Katie has already mentioned. And well we were thinking of heading towards Rohan or Gondor anyways so why go alone, right? Plus, then you'd have a Ringbearer against Sauron, a wizard against Saruman, and nine other against the Nazgul. See where I'm going here? Besides we'll just go anyways weather you like it or not." "May I speak with you?" Said the old wizard, Gandalf, and pulled the Elven Lord off to the side. While they spoke one elf whispered to another, "I thought this was supposed to be a 'secret council'? Who are these others?" to which the other just shrugged. No one but the two themselves know what Gandalf had to say, but when Elrond returned to his seat, he sighed and said, "All right, it is against my will, but you may go." "Yes!" The girls shouted excitedly and high- fived, then quickly walked over to the little group that had formed in the middle of the room. Legolas gave Megan one of his dazzling smiles, leaving Katie completely confused. Elrond then stood. "So be it. You shall be the Fellowship of the ring." He stated. Megan could almost hear the music that was playing in the movie. "Great," Pippin said cheerfully then asked, "Where are we going?" Merry looked over at him and gave him an 'Oh please shut up!' sort of glare.