at him simply, but not unkindly. "A very long time. But you wouldn't let me, so I shut you out, too." He stepped toward Boromir, slowly. Boromir seemed rather lost. "You…you said you could love me. I never thought that you actually did." He laughed nervously. "I thought you were tying to scare me." "I was." Aragorn smiled at him, standing in front of him at last. "Well, just a little." And it had worked, hadn't it? Boromir just gave him a look, and then, without even realised he was doing so, lifted his hands to rest on Aragorn's chest. There was a pause, a heartbeat in which they seemed to come to the exact same decision at the same moment, for Aragorn's hands slid up to Boromir's shoulders, and Boromir wound his fingers into Aragorn's hair, and their heads tilted and they came together, lips and mouths and tongues pressed so firmly into one another in a passionate, deep and seemingly endless kiss. The second, ever. But instead of the flurry of grasping fingers and biting teeth, there was a slow caress of skin, a tender tangling of hair, and they drew apart finally, though not too far. An eyelash rested on Aragorn's cheek, and Boromir removed it with a gentle sweep of his thumb. "I'm sorry about Arwen." Boromir was looking at him with an expression Aragorn had never seen on his face before. It was tender, concerned, a little vulnerable. Aragorn pulled him closer for a second, though their bodies were already pressed as close as possible. Well, almost. "Come," Aragorn drew away, catching Boromir's hand in his own as it fell from his shoulders. "Come." He led him toward the door in the corner, the one that led to his bed chamber. His eyes never left Boromir's face, even as his palm fell flat against solid oak and pushed. It wasn't fucking. It was a tongue sliding along a jawbone; a hand placed flat against an equally flat stomach and moving downwards; it was heat, and it was movement, and it was slow and careful and shuddering; it was salt and it was smoke and it was flesh and muscle and skin; it was hair falling in front of eyes clenched shut, it was pressure and union and a jolt in tandem. A set jaw, and an unearthly groan. The sensation of a knuckle sliding within. A bitten lip. A kiss that never ended, that trailed from lips to jaw to throat, burning with restraint. A fire, an explosion, an inferno that raged; a collapse and a shiver that didn't abate until long afterward. It wasn't fucking at all. But it was still fucking glorious. "That-…" And Boromir seemed to have nothing else to say. He panted hard, cheek against Aragorn's chest, ear filled with a rapid heartbeat that rivalled his own in speed. Aragorn's head was thrown back against the pillow, long hair spilling out across his shoulders, atrociously messy. His eyes were shut, and his fingers were woven in Boromir's own tousled strands. Boromir managed to rouse himself a little. "That was-…Aragorn." He nudged the other man a little, grinning. Aragorn opened an eye. "We're idiots." "Hmm?" They'd agreed to do away with the no talking rule, but Aragorn hadn't counted on the strength of afterglow in regards to forming a coherent sentence. "We could have had that-… that …so long ago." Boromir reached up and ran a fingertip along Aragorn's jaw line. His hand still shook. He'd never come so hard in his life. "Be glad we have it now, dear one ." Boromir's head shot up at this, brow furrowed and retort already forming in his throat when Aragorn suddenly laughed and shoved him over, pinning him beneath against the bed. "You're a bugger." Boromir struggled feebly, laughing. "And you're an oaf, but let us not talk of such obvious matters." Another kiss, and when Aragorn drew back again, his hair dancing across Boromir's chest, his smile made Boromir's heart jump. They were both becoming hard again, but Boromir fought his body's impulses for a moment longer. "I hope you're not imagining that I'm going to be all…you know…" He waved his hand around in a fanciful manner. "With you I mean." "Like Faramir?" Aragorn smirked. Boromir snorted. "I love him dearly but one does get a little tired of all that…mushy talk. It's never been my sort of thing." Aragorn lowered his head. "Nor has it been mine." He left a light kiss upon Boromir's lips. "There is one thing though." He rolled his hips against the younger man's. "I just need to make sure…" He did it again, more insistently. "Yes?" Boromir had closed his eyes, fists clenching in the bed sheets. Torture. "We will talk." Aragorn moved against him again, and again, and it was becoming rather difficult to concentrate. "Us, together. Afterwards, and before. We will talk to each other. About us, about everything." He stopped for a moment, and Boromir squinted up at him, breath quickening. "Will you promise me that?" It was a long time before Boromir answered, but it was because he'd pulled Aragorn into another deeply slow kiss, and their arms wrapped around one another, and they rolled over so that Boromir was on top, pressing his own hips down onto Aragorn's. Aragorn moaned, and Boromir pulled away; he couldn't hold on much longer either. He wanted Aragorn. He needed him. "Promise." He said, and they collided together with none of the finesse of before, none of the elegance. It was the ungainly mess of limbs that comes from need and need alone. It was almost fucking, but not quite. They spoke to each other, whispered and moaned and shouted words that were not always intelligible, but they spoke, and they kissed, and they loved. And both would admit to anyone who dared ask that it certainly wasn't just a thing anymore. Or if it was, then it was now most definitely their thing.