Steward." You pushed my hair behind my ear and smiled, your eyes creasing and I wanted to kiss you again so badly, but I managed to restrain myself a little longer, though my words carried little of your finesse when I managed to speak. "I love you. I…Aragorn I've been falling in love with you forever. Just-…oh you know what I mean, I hope. Aragorn I…-" I shook my head and shut my eyes, laughing softly and you joined me, and we laughed together, and after a long, complicated route we made it to your bed, where I drew my hands down over your slim hips, and with bent neck and shut eyes your tongue danced across mine feverishly. And then you set your tongue to a new task, and bent your head between my legs and I cried your name out again and again as I thrashed against the bed. Never had I thought this would actually happen. Never had I dreamt that you would want to be with me in this way. The forbidden way. Never. I reach up, and the tip of my finger catches in your beard as I draw it down your cheek gently. You stir, and tighten your embrace, and murmur softly, and dream on. Of me, I fancy, of course. How long has it been now? Months, years? I love you no less, and I know that your feeling has not diminished, for the fire in your eyes when you push me against the desk is no less intense, and your tongue no less skilful or willing when you begin to explore my body with it. Your cock no less hard, either, I might point out. I would ask you to marry me, if it were in any way permissible, and if I were braver. We have kept it a secret for a very long time. I do not want to lose you, Aragorn. You have made me so happy; you bring me such a peace within myself that I would never have guessed it possible. "Lost?" You are awake now, then, and your hand lifts my chin so that my eyes meet yours and I smile. You grin, and lean forward slightly and playfully run your finger down between my shoulder blades and spine, all the way to my backside and between, tantalising me, circling my opening as soft as a breath upon skin, before bringing your hand back the way it came, ending the journey in my hair which you tousle affectionately. You have always been a tease, and I tell you often enough so I know that you know. But I like it either way. I do like when you touch me there as well, by which I mean my arse and not my hair, particularly. "Thinking, only." I shift, crawling further up the bed to meet you with a kiss, soft, almost chaste. "Of you." I grin and turn and we arrange ourselves into a favourite position, with myself at your side and your arm around my waist. Your fingers dance softly upon the skin of my hip and I run my own fingertips through the hair on your chest, following the trail down to your groin and back in imitation of your action a moment ago. The bedcover has shifted back to cover your hips and I toy with the idea of slipping my hand down below, into the dark and the heat, but not now, not yet. Later. Definitely later. "Mmm." You say, and close your eyes again, your head resting against my shoulder as you chase after the vestiges of sleep. "Good." I kiss the crown of your head, and inhale the softly spiced scent of your hair. You are not sleeping, though you are a convincing actor. The hand on my hip holds me gently, and you loop your other arm around to meet it, holding me loosely against you, though I need no such encouragement; were it my choice I would not be separated from you at all when alone with you. "I am glad you still think of me, love." I laugh softly, fondly, and kiss your cheekbone, and whisper, "You fear that I think of another? Or that my thoughts simply do not dwell upon you any more?" "No, it is not that." I shift as you lift your head, eyes intent and hand rising up to touch my cheek. "I…I often wonder what I would do without you, Faramir. I would be lost without you now." You look at me so seriously that all humour, coming from fondness though it may be, fades from my voice as I reply softly. "You need never fear that. Becoming lost." I tilt my head into the warmth of your palm, and a callus on your thumb catches on my whiskers. "You know that I do not think I can live without you, Aragorn?" You laugh softly now, echoing me, and you kiss the bridge of my nose, for that had become a favourite gesture of yours and mine. "I am sure you would live, my dear Faramir. But you need not fear that either. I am not going anywhere." "Oh, of that I am certain; you are going to outlive me by a hundred years or so at any rate." I am rewarded with a gentle shove for my insolence, but your hand returns to my cheek as you press your forehead to mine. "To a long and happy life together, Faramir. Love." Your lips brush mine, and your eyes stay open as mine begin to slide shut. "To a life with you, my King, my Aragorn. Love." I kiss you back, this time deeper, and we do so silently, for a long time, tongues and lips and breath together until the inevitability of our arousal awakens our flesh and our bodies and we move together, again, and take joy in simply being together. I am lucky and I know it. So very lucky.