"But…we have known each other hardly a month, and there is so much yet to do, I mean, with the rebuilding and everything-…and what will happen when we are found out? Because we will get found out, Aragorn, you cannot say we will not!" Faramir paused for breath, looking over at Aragorn who raised his eyebrows at this outburst. Faramir hadn't ever been this talkative; last night's ale-loosened tongue being an interesting exception. The younger man had spoken candidly, had whispered things into Aragorn's ear that, to save Faramir's blushes, he dare not repeat in the light of day. Faramir looked rather surprised at his uncharacteristic babbling as well, and smiled shyly, hair obscuring his face again as he spoke now quietly. "I would give you more than friendship, as I think you already know. Although most people would think it shameful…" Aragorn took a breath. "I am not most people." He fought a grin. "Me neither." So did Faramir. They smiled stupidly at each other before Faramir lost his courage again and turned his eyes sheepishly away, nervous laughter bubbling up from within as Aragorn continued. "I am sorry for before." It was the older man's turn to look away. "For not…returning your embrace. You must have thought-…you-…." He picked at his fingernails. "…I knew you were awake and yet I did not…." He trailed off awkwardly and stared at his hands for the second time that morning. Faramir made a face, having gone back to pulling at the threads of the blanket. He felt foolish, and then it struck him how silly they were both being, talking while sitting so close and undressed and avoiding all eye contact. Aragorn shifted and the bedcover slid down his lap a little, exposing the dark hair scattered down his lean stomach, leading below. Aragorn didn't adjust the blanket, perhaps deliberately. Faramir suddenly felt brave. Taking the opportunity while Aragorn looked away he abandoned the abused corner of the bedcover and slid his fingers into Aragorn's hair, turning his face toward him. Faramir's kiss was as surprisingly delicate and tender as it had been last night. Aragorn could feel him smiling against his lips, his closed eyes creasing. Aragorn kissed back, of course, his eyes sliding shut as he twisted to face Faramir. His hand danced across the Steward's chest, over soft hair and pale battle-scars. It ended rather sooner than he had hoped, with Faramir resting his forehead against Aragorn's and biting his lip. One hand held a fistful of deep, dark waves, the other had migrated to Aragorn's blanket-covered thigh, where it rested lightly. "I am sorry." Faramir opened his eyes, but didn't move his head. "I wanted to do that." Aragorn leant back a little, breaking contact, reaching up to tidy Faramir's sleep-tangled hair. "I have an idea, Faramir, and I hope you will go along with it." Faramir looked up between Aragorn's elbows but Aragorn's gaze was wholly fixated on his tousled tresses, fingers working out the knots and smoothing the curls down neatly. When Faramir didn't speak he continued. "I propose that we are henceforth banned from being awkward around one another." He stroked Faramir's hair, his eyes twinkling. "I think it would save us a lot of hassle." He flashed a wry grin which Faramir returned. "Agreed." The younger man reached up and pulled Aragorn's hands down from his hair, letting them rest in his lap, running his thumbs over the knuckles. "Can I tell you something, then? Something, well…it is difficult…" Faramir's voice quietened, but he didn't look away this time. "Of course." Aragorn opened his hands beneath Faramir's, palms down, warmth seeping through the blanket onto the other man's leg. "I…I am lonely, Aragorn." A whisper, a statement, a hope that the un-asked question could be answered. Faramir's expression was neutral, but his eyes were desolate. Aragorn leaned forward, his hand sliding from Faramir's gentle grasp to rest gingerly on the younger man's stubble-rough cheek. He brushed away a fallen eyelash with his thumb, then slid his hand down Faramir's neck and onto his shoulder, pulling him gently to lie on the bed with him. "Faramir…" Aragorn let go for a moment to pull the blanket up and over them both, plunging them into heat and darkness. There were a few moments of transition; limbs and bodies finding the perfect alignment. Aragorn's thigh found a place between Faramir's own as the younger man hooked his leg over the other's hips. Their lower bodies fitted together as if made for the purpose. Aragorn exhaled slowly, the warmth from below rushing upwards through his body. Faramir's fingertips were slowly counting Aragorn's ribs; up and down and up again. His eyes, which had drifted shut in the comfort of their embrace, half-opened as Aragorn spoke again. "I will stay with you." The kiss was delicate, again, so tender and gentle, until Aragorn surged forward and their tongues danced together, and their hands rediscovered skin and muscle and heat, and the blood pulsed in their ears, and they became tangled in the bedcovers, and Faramir's hands combed through Aragorn's hair over and over, and with every spare breath they spoke, whispered and moaned to each other, and they made themselves fit together completely, and Aragorn was shuddering beneath Faramir, and Faramir was pulling Aragorn's hair, and they were crying out together again, gutteral and wild, arched backs and closed eyes, their names gloriously unintelligible, and then as suddenly as it began the storm passed, the tempest ebbed and they lay panting in the aftermath amid the devastation of the bed sheets. They lay entangled, for a while, on the edge of sleep, although they both knew they would need to rise soon; separately, of course, and in Faramir's case, covertly. The sun rose higher. Aragorn counted the blemishes on Faramir's shoulder; two, three, four. Bells could be heard far below in the city marking the early hour; five, six, seven. Time to get up and begin keeping secrets.