you Faramir, many moons ago." His hands fall gently to rest upon Faramir's shoulders. "Coincidence, perhaps, that both the King and Steward should have such similar tastes. I don't know if I truly believe in fate, but if it is what brought us together then I will believe in anything." "Truly, I think it was more the wine than fate…" The corner of Faramir's mouth twitches, but it is not yet a smile. Aragorn cannot help it though and the grin he has been suppressing so wilfully finally wins the battle. "I believe we need to level the playing field a little." At Faramir's puzzled look Aragorn only smiles more widely, grabbing the hem of Faramir's shirt and pulling it upwards and over his head once more. A delightfully tousled Steward glowers at him as he lets the shirt fall to the floor, but Aragorn is in no mood for defiance now. He grasps Faramir's hand and pulls him toward the bed, clambering onto it backwards, ushering the young man closer as sorrel shins bump gently against the footboard. When Faramir hesitates, Aragorn sits up. "What is it?" The young man fidgets awkwardly. "I have never…it has always been rough. I'm not sure I will please you by trying to be tender." His blushes only make Aragorn's pulse quicken, and he reaches out with both hands which Faramir meets with his own after a pause. Their fingers interlace and the Steward finally kneels on the bed. "I want to…but…we've never taken our time, have we? I know not where to begin." "I have an idea of where we should start." For someone so defiant, so confident, so young and sure and so apparently unversed in the art of tenderness Faramir's lips part so very softly beneath Aragorn's that the older man must hold himself back from claiming those lips with anything other than the slowest-burning passion. Faramir's head tilts back as his fingertips come to dance across Aragorn's shoulders and he forgets himself suddenly, sweeping his tongue into the young man's mouth and pressing closer. Faramir yields fully and it is not long before he lies upon his back, hair in utter disarray, pushing his hips gently upwards as Aragorn sits astride him, their lips brushing together soft as breath. Aragorn places his hands either side of Faramir's head and opens his eyes to see Faramir's features split by the most handsome smile. "I knew it." He says, kissing the young man between the eyebrows. "Knew what?" "That you could be tender." The smile is contagious and Aragorn knows he must look a grinning idiot but he doesn't care. "Pfft." Faramir smirks up at him, then softens, that smile creeping back. He is growing hard, Aragorn notices belatedly, and the realisation sends shivers along his spine and heat rushing to the base of his belly as his own body begins to react. As if to compound this, Faramir gently moves his hips against his once again in gentle reminder. "I promise not to leave afterward." Aragorn laughs. "Eager, are we?" Faramir answers this by pulling him down again with a hand either side of the older man's face. "Stay with me." He says, suddenly solemn and earnest, eyes searching Aragorn's face for confirmation. His fingers weave into Aragorn's dark waves and the King gazes down at him with eyes that are increasingly heavy-lidded. "I mean it, Aragorn. Or…I mean, I'll even speak properly to you, call you your Grace , if you like. Just…stay with me. If you love me, we can make this work. I mean, I know you're the King and we're men and I don't even remember the difference in our age any more…" He halts, suddenly seeming very young, and Aragorn shifts so that he can lay a palm along Faramir's cheek in turn. "Where is all this nonsense about titles and such coming from?" It is meant in jest, spoken lightly, but Faramir lowers his eyes and Aragorn quickly runs his hand through the mass of auburn in an attempt to waylay misunderstanding. "We can make this work." He whispers, echoing Faramir and causing the young man's eyes to widen and the smile to dance across his face once more. "It won't be easy." Is it ever easy? "I already suffer enough murmurings behind my back over how free I am with you." Keeping track of Faramir's rapidly shifting moods is futile and Aragorn has long ago given up trying; instead he lets the grin return unhindered. "I like you free. Any who take issue with it can come to me about it." Faramir smiles again at this and wraps his arms around Aragorn's middle, pinning them together. "It'll be just like this, won't it? Just you and I." "I'd like that." He kisses the corner of the young man's mouth, lest he disturb the smile he has waited so long to see. "To have you as free with me here…" He places his palm over Faramir's heart, ignoring the face the young man makes; "…as you are at all other times. I'd like that a lot." "So, no titles?" "No, my prince." Their laughter mingles together and Aragorn has almost forgotten his original purpose in dragging Faramir back to the bed when the young man sobers a little and slides his hands over the older man's backside. Beneath his smallclothes Faramir is still very much aroused and Aragorn sets about removing this last barrier with fervour as his Steward tousles his hair. "I'm glad I fell asleep now. Afterwards. I'm glad I had the nerve." Faramir is actually blushing and Aragorn shakes his hair free of interfering fingers and kisses him deeply, rocking with him gently as they both let their eyes close and their tongues explore. When they eventually break apart Aragorn can no longer quash the fire down below and he manages only a ragged whisper into Faramir's hair as the young man nips at his ear. "I'm glad you did too."