as he maneuvres himself out of his nightshirt. That accomplished, he pulls the bedcover down, exposing himself and Aragorn to the slightly cooler air of the room. The nightshirt he flings over the end of the bed before leaning across and kissing Aragorn so deeply on the mouth that the King has little choice but to part his lips and accommodate Faramir's exploratory tongue as it slides wetly and hungrily against his own. A moment of passion, so often felt and so rarely acted upon. Faramir decides to act this time, to kiss Aragorn as boldy as he dares, and he will deal with the rush of tangled trepidations afterwards. Kissing his King, after all, is actually quite wonderful, most especially when he is kissing back.. A short while later and the King and his Steward have arranged themselves into a neatly comfortable position; Faramir lies on his back, arms folded over Aragorn's hand which rests lightly upon his chest. The King himself has recaptured the hollow between Faramir's neck and shoulder and his breath rushes hotly over the younger man's skin. "Aragorn?" "Mmmh?" How indeed does one allude to the fact one is still rather excited in a certain department without being crude or demanding? Faramir doesn't know whether or not he wants Aragorn to rectify this situation either. "I…may need to see to myself." Faramir cringes, and a small part of him notes how funny this would be were it not himself currently experiencing this predicament. Aragorn looks up at him with such innocent concern that he forgets his awkwardness and laughs. Comprehension visibly dawns on Aragorn, and he grins. "You need only ask, you know." As he speaks he frees his hand from beneath Faramir's folded arms and slides it slowly southwards, beneath bedclothes and creeping beneath the waistband of Faramir's undergarments before the Steward covers the King's hand with his own and halts him. "Perhaps…not tonight. Not yet." He looks at Aragorn apologetically and he knows his cheeks are a little flushed. "I am sor-" But Aragorn silences him with the lightest brush of lip against lip and Faramir melts into him, turning onto his side to face his King and flinging an arm around him. They kiss softly, almost chastely, with only the most playful flick of the tongue, and then Faramir leans back and looks at Aragorn through heavy-lidded eyes. "Are you truly in love with me?" "Yes, I believe so." Aragorn's eyes dance across Faramir's features, committing the lines of his face to memory. "Is that so strange?" "Yes." Faramir laughs, and Aragorn smiles at him, eyes half-shut in sleepy content. "Do you think that is something you could live with, Faramir? The knowledge that your King loves you as more than his Steward and friend?" He pauses, and his hand turns and tightens around Faramir's. "Do you think one day you could love me in the same way?" He knows he probably shouldn't have asked that, but it's done now. Faramir bites his lip and then nods. He looks into grey eyes and lets out a long, slow breath. "I must admit that I looked forward to spending time with you, not only because of our similar temperament, but because there was always a part of me that took enjoyment from seeing how close we would end up by the evening's end. I had no name for that feeling, I still cannot define it. But I would find no shame and no dishonour in loving you, Aragorn." And he knows, with that said, that part of him has already begun loving Aragorn. He is a good King, a wise man and a dear friend, and Faramir can see no reason why he cannot love him. Aragon laughs suddenly, and at Faramir's raised eyebrows he elaborates. "I do believe I have now kept you up for possibly half the night? You should sleep, Faramir. I really am sorry." He pushes a strand of hair behind Faramir's ear and shifts. "Lie on your other side." Faramir complies, though willing to indeed spend the whole night with Aragorn he will, however, construct no argument if the King is insisting he go to sleep. As if to settle the matter, he yawns, and the reason for Aragorn's wish that he lie facing away from him is quickly made clear. The King aligns himself behind Faramir, an arm slung over him and a kiss pressed to the back of his Steward's neck. The heat in his groin has not quite abated, but he shushes Faramir's apology and halts the half-turn of his head with another kiss upon his cheek. "Sleep, Faramir. That is what you should be thinking of." "Instant sleep is not something I am particulary skilled at, you know." "Call yourself a Ranger, Faramir?" Aragorn buries his face in the younger man's hair again and closes his eyes. "Perhaps, though if you would be so kind as to cease bestowing titles upon me for one month I might have a better grasp of what it is I am actually meant to be." Faramir yawns again, and settles finally, eyes sliding shut and his King's warmth at his back. "What happens tomorrow when your servants come to deliver the hot water and find that you are not in your bed? Moreover, what happens when mine come and find that you are here?" "That is a mere triviality." "Scandal, more like." " Sleep , dear Faramir. Or else I will knock you over the head myself." Aragorn tightens his armhold on Faramir for a moment, then relaxes. Faramir sighs in laughter. Soon, he feels his own breathing slow into sleep's rhythm and he drifts at the edge of slumber for unknown minutes. Aragorn is already asleep, quiet and still, warm at his back. The last thing Faramir remembers is the contrast between the cool air of the room on his cheek and the heat of his King's breath upon his neck. He knows no more until sunrise.