They reached a tree from which a rope ladder was lowered. The elf gestured for them to ascend and they followed him up the tree. Éomer reached the top easily and found himself standing upon a large open porch. The third elf lowered what looked like a small basket down to the healer and minutes later it returned holding the elf child. The elf lifted her out of the basket and made his way to Éomer's side. He offered the child to Éomer. It surprised Éomer that this elf would trust him with a dying child. He took her carefully and sat down with his back against the trunk of the great tree. There was nothing to do but wait and wait is what they did. The three elves and men sat together in silence. The elves passed bread and water to their guests. The food sat heavily in Éomer's stomach. He ventured a glance to his right. The healer sat beside him, checking on the child every so often. Éomer's attention remained riveted on the tiny face. Her eyes were open but unfocused. The gentle glow of her skin was diminished and her breathing shallow. He lifted a hand to caress her cheek. She didn't respond to the contact but remained staring out into the night. He began speaking aloud to her, not caring anymore that others could hear his words. "I wish I knew what to say to make you stay. Do you even know I'm holding you? Do you know you're not alone?" "She knows," the commander whispered, his voice floating on the wind. The healer took the child from Éomer and rested her head against his chest, rubbing her back in small circular motions. Éomer stilled as the elf began to sing. The song was strangely out of place in the dark of the wood. It was light and joyous, a child's song, like something Éowyn might sing. The three men listened to the elves as one then the other joined in the song. None of them had ever heard a music more beautiful than this, and they never would again. The song ended and the elves grew quiet once more. The healer lifted a hand to rest on the back of the girl's head. He leaned her back and Éomer looked down upon her face. Her eyes were shut now in what looked like sleep. It was the first time in two days he'd seen her eyes close. The healer took a slow unsteady breath and spoke. Éomer didn't need to have the words translated. Her soul had departed. She was with her mother now. Éomer knew he'd been blessed with seeing something few mortals had ever laid eyes upon. He'd seen an elven child… and he'd watched her die. That thought was almost too much for Éomer to bear and he fought hard to hold back the tears that threatened to fall. He could not show such weakness in front of the elves, he would not. He would not leave this wood letting them think men were weak. His eyes rose from the child's serene face to that of the healer's. Éomer was not prepared for what he saw there. Tears filled the elf's eyes and one fell away, rolling slowly down his cheek. He did not move to wipe it away, but let another fall in its wake. Éomer watched them fall in wonder. He couldn't pull his eyes away from the sight of those tears. The elf commander took a seat opposite the healer and the healer passed him the girl. The commander rocked her gently, whispering soft words into her ear. Each elf in turn allowed himself to cry for the lifeless child. Confusion sought to overwhelm Éomer's mind. Not hours earlier he'd felt a deathly fear grip him at the icy look in these creatures' eyes. They were such terrible images, every bit the warriors he'd heard told of in myth and legend – hardened, fearless – gods walking the very earth. That they would weep so freely for a child they did not know was so terribly at odds with his memory of that first encounter. The commander saw the confusion in Éomer's eyes, saw his need to release the sorrow tearing at his heart and his fear of doing so. The elf's eyes passed over Gamling and Théodred. The older men fought battles with their own tears. It was the way of men, to try and push pain aside. The elf turned his attention to Éomer and in answer to a question never voiced, he replied, "Each new life must be celebrated, and each passing mourned. Tears come to us in such moments, an expression of joy and of sorrow. Ilúvatar gave them to us, both elves and men, and in his gift do all find a measure of peace." Éomer laid his head back against the trunk of the tree. It was all too much, the events of the past two days. He knew the elf was giving him permission, telling him it was acceptable to cry. The healer passed Éomer the child's body and he looked down at her serene face. If the elves spoke true then it meant that the child was happy now, safe with her Gods and her loved ones. This knowledge did nothing to stop the aching of his heart. Éomer wrapped the tiny elf in a desperate embrace and heedless of what his cousin or Gamling might think of him, allowed himself to cry. Author's Note: I took a few elven words and did some creative modification of them for my 'elves of the far east' assuming if any elves remained in the lands beyond Rhun then they would have a language slightly different from Sindarin and Silvan. I am also making the assumption that all Avari felt the call of the sea, even those who dwelt far to the east near the waters of awakening. Hope you enjoyed the read.