leaned down to place a soft tender kiss upon the crown of grey hair of a head nestled comfortably underneath him, murmuring out his reply, still busy on breathing in the scent of his lifetime lover. "Do you long for the Sea?" asked Aragorn in his soft, quiet tone while he sighed happily upon the tender sweet kiss placed by his beloved. Legolas was quiet for a moment when he heard the question, opted not to reply immediately but taking his time by moving his hands around to encircle the body in front of him. Making sure that their arms brushed against each other, feeling the ageless skin moved against the aged one, opening yet another wound upon his heart as the act reminded him how much mortal his lover was. Yet he knew he needed desperately to touch him, to feel him, to hold him, especially now as time was cruel now and death was lurking around, hunting its gaze upon him, preying upon the mortal he held so dear both in his arms and in his heart. "Yes, love, I long for it." The sentence was left hanging and the tone which had been uttered by the elf was heard of an undercurrent longing yet greater determination that shaded all the melancholic feeling. "Yet, the need of being close to you, together like this is even greater than my longing." Their fingers slipped and entwined together, a tight assuring grip. "I love you more than my life itself." Then Legolas applied more pressure to tighten their grip as he emphasized upon what his heart was saying. Aragorn's heart was almost broken when he heard the despair and the sorrow laced with every word his dearest elf has spoken at the very eve of his death, an event that neither could defy. Oh how he wished he could wipe those crystalline tears that had flawed the perfection of his lover's face. Yet he knew he could easily wipe those physically tears but what of those tears he had shed in his heart? How he should ever wipe it for him and himself? He was useless like this, so very helpless to even cheer and enlighten his beloved because he knew the grief was too deep and mayhap it would never be mended. Yet, still he hoped because that was all left for him, hope, estel…Estel. "Legolas, a'maelamin…Amin mela lle, melamin." Legolas was choked upon his tears and his grief before he too said his vow of love and kissed the top of his beloved head before he once again tightened his embrace, trying so desperately not to be parted by his dearest ranger, friend and lover. "Amin mela lle, Estel melamin. Amin mela lle." "Lle…" Aragorn brought their hands together close to his heart and placed them there, letting both of them felt the heart beat beneath their intertwined hands. A simple gesture that he always did to show that he belonged to Legolas and only for him alone, his heart beat. "Amin." Legolas tightened the grip upon their matted fingers once again and kissed on the side of Aragorn's temple, accepting that he, himself was his as well as his beloved was his. Aragorn sighed then he brought up their fingers onto his lips and kissed them, brandishing their love once again. Legolas' knuckles burnt when the kiss descended, when the soft cool lips touched upon his skin. He felt every nerve upon his body tingled, creating a heady euphoria sensation deep into his soul. Aragorn kept their knuckles upon his lips. Then the bell was heard, a customary bell that was rung every day at dawn. He then put down their hands upon his lap once again and there he went still, unmoving except for a few falling and raising movement of his chest. He closed his eyes and let out a tired sigh then leaned back upon his beloved, back to his lover embrace, the only place he would ever feel safe and peaceful, the only home he had. Then everything went still but the bell. "Aragorn…" Legolas brushed and caressed the cradled fingers and palms upon his own then started to rub them, trying to warm the cooling skin back to its original heat even if it was only for a moment and only a moment, he was asked for. "Quel esta, a'maelamin." Unbidden, tears started to flow once again. Flowing and flowing, until they were no more to shed. Thus like that they stayed for a moment, together throughout the dawn into the morning. They sat in silence, listening only to the tolling bell of the dawn. The emanating heat absorbed by the cooling body as the heat rapidly ebbed away from the very still mortal body whom feä was already sipped away. The strong, slender muscled arms were circling the body in front of him. The ever smooth flesh slide along side the now wrinkled flesh of mortal, brushing the wrinkles upon the smooth silky skin. Their fingers were intertwined together, holding each other tightly as if refusing to let each other apart even though each knew of the unavoidable parting, a parting sealed by the fate itself and signed by Eru. Then there was the tale of Elessar Telcontar, King of Gondor and Arnor, killed by the mighty time, with its fate as a mortal, whom blood was caught by Gondor, upon her throne, whom was mourned by a certain elf, as his love has gone, whom death was tolled by the dawn, a sign of a new reign of the new king, whom loved, missed and mourned by people of Gondor, for they adored their king… THE END Please review! Hannon Ie Translation: Mellon nin - my friend Meleth - dear one A'maelamin - my beloved Amin mela lle, melamin - I love you, my love Amin mela lle, Estel melamin - I love you, Estel beloved Lle - yours Amin - mine Quel esta, a'maelamin - rest well, my beloved