Caras Galadhon was hard to put. Their arrows were spent. Silwin stabbed here and there, slashing orcs at will. Dark blood was spilled everywhere on the ground. The elves struck steel against steel. Some elves fell that day. The orcs were advancing and their throng jeering pushed against the elven defenders. Then from nowhere, the Three jumped into the fray. Elladan and Elrohir had two swords in their hands and with it they wreaked havoc within the orc army. Aragorn was slashing with his sword which glinted in the light of the sun. Within no moments, most of the orcs were killed and some fled into the east. There were a few that remained. Aragorn kept driving his sword into the orcs and he willfully steered the battered elves into the fray. The orcs were outmatched then and some laid their weapons down and fled. Silwin was hacking at the orcs when a great goblin almost the size of a troll came from behind and thrusted his spear upon the elven lord. Before the spear could touch Silwin's body, the Goblin gave a howl. Silwin turned to face it, alarmed with shock. There was he. Aragorn with his sword embedded in the goblin's stomach. Aragorn gave a blood curdling scream and removed his sword out of the goblin. Dark crimson blood gushed out of the goblin's body as it screamed with pain. Aragorn hacked once again, slashing the goblin's armor on the chest. Another howl. With a thrust, he stabbed into the goblin's mouth, the goblin looking at Aragorn with bulged eyes. When he removed his sword, the Great Goblin fell dead upon the ground. Silwin looked upon the Man with renewed wonder. Aragorn had saved his life and for that now, he owed him. The battle was over. Lorien was victorious. Silwin came upto him. "I have wronged you, son of Men. I talked ill of you yet you made attempts to make peace with me. I have neglected my courtesies and refused you the hospitality you deserve. I beg your forgiveness for that." Aragorn had his eyes widened. "You do not need to ask me for anything. I verily know why you despise us. We have wronged you and the victory of the Last Alliance was fruitless. But I promise you, that shall not happen again, not in this age of the world." Silwin looked humbled. "Humble you are and that quality shall make you one of the great kings of men. Rise then, heir of Elendil, for I deem you truly are the Enemy's Bane and the hope of our people." Aragorn looked almost embarrassed by this statement. Then Silwin did something that surprised him. He bent on one knee and with his left hand placed upon his heart, he cried, "By Manwe and Tulkas, I swear unto thee, o child of men, o heir of kings. Life I owe you and by life or death, I can serve you, I will. I shall follow you and obey you even unto the depths of darkness and even if you require me to go into the Shadow and light it with fire, I will." The words spread with power. The elves around felt it too. Elladan and Elrohir looked surprised. The oath was too powerful. "You need not have done this." Aragorn said. "The oath is mine to swear and trust me, captain of men, I do not swear lightly. I owe you my life today. The Goblin would have skewered me. You saved me despite my wrongs to you. For that, you earned my respect." Aragorn sighed. "Then I am honored." Silwin smiled. "Too modest you are. I know you have been dwelling upon how weak you maybe when the final test comes. Throw away those thoughts for when the time comes, you shalt prove to be a greater person than thou art now." All was happy in Lorien once again. On the eve of the Midsummer Day, he heard soft footsteps. He peeked out of his tent which had become his home. It was Arwen all clad in white beckoning him to come along. Together they walked the green glades until they came at last to a lone hill. Arwen smiled. "Cerin Amroth, we call it." "I remember this place. This was once the abode of lords of Lothlorien." "Yes, Estel, before they removed to Caras Galadhon. But I have not brought you here to teach you the rich history of this place. I have come to tell you." Aragorn looked at her questioningly. "I have made my choice." She said. Aragorn bowed his head. "Then let me hear it even if it be depressing to my heart." "I love you, Aragorn. I shall hold you as my lord and betrothed". Aragorn's heart leapt with joy. "Then Arwen, I tell unto you that I love you also and I hold onto you. For my love is true and so is yours." Then they looked both east and west and their hearts were glad. Then Arwen said, "Dark is the Shadow and yet my heart rejoices; for you, Estel, shall be among the great whose valor will destroy it as I have often said before." Aragorn nodded and answered, Alas! I cannot foresee it, and how it may come to pass is hidden from me. Yet with your hope, I will hope. And the Shadow I utterly reject. But neither, lady, is the Twilight for me; for I a mortal and if you will cleave to me, Evenstar, then the Twilight you must also renounce." And she stood then as still as a white tree, looking into the West, and at last, she said, "I will cleave to you, Dunadan, and turn from the Twilight. Yet there lies the land of my people and the long home of all my kin." She sighed. She loved her father dearly. -x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x-x- The last few dialogs have been taken from the appendices of LOTR: A Tale of Aragorn and Arwen