the fleecy, snug blankets up to wrap them around the child's shoulders. Then, he reached over to the foot of the large bed and grabbed Bird, the wooly stuffed toy that Glamren had given Legolas for his first begetting day. The two had been nearly inseparable ever since – the toy was present during every single one of Legolas' meals, during afternoon playtime, and especially during story time with Ada just before bed. Once Bird was tucked snuggly into Legolas' little arms, Thranduil reached over to his son's bedside table, which stood to the right of the bed, and lit a small candle that sat in a shielded container to ensure the flame would not spread during the night and that lit the room just enough for Legolas' own feeling of security. Thranduil then seated himself on the edge of the elfling's bed and kissed Legolas' forehead lightly. "Goodnight, tithen las ," he whispered, loath to break the pleasant silence that had filled the room, and smiled gently, " Ada loves you very, very much." Legolas just yawned contentedly and mumbled, "Love you…too… Ada ." Thranduil ran his long fingers through his elfling's silky, yellow tresses for a few moments more until the child's breathing evened out and his eyes glazed over, signaling he was now sleeping peacefully and, with any luck, dreaming merry dreams. Thranduil desperately hoped his tithen las would be spared from nightmares this night, for the child had been waking up in the early hours before dawn crying and petrified almost every night for the past three weeks. It was rapidly wearing them both down. Legolas had grown cranky and extremely bad-tempered due to his dangerous fatigue. He had started throwing tantrums every other morning when he was told that his father was unable to watch him that day due to massive stacks of papers to read over and an impractical number of councils to hold. He also refused to eat his lunch, and when Renglas offered one day to take him from his nanny and out to the archery greens to have his lunch with the novice warriors for a change of scenery, he shook his head vehemently, hid behind Ethiliel's skirts, and pouted for the rest of the day. This behavior was tremendously out of character for the elfling, and the sudden change in temperament worried Thranduil immensely. He thought that it might be time to take Legolas to Astoren, the realm's head healer, and get his opinion. Perhaps he could give the child a draught of some sort to help him sleep or keep the nightmares at bay. Although the last thing Thranduil ever wanted was to have Legolas dependent on some sort of medicine to help him get through his daily life, the king was too concerned about his child to go it alone and forsake aid anymore. But Legolas was not the only one suffering from this entire ordeal. Thranduil had scarcely slept as well, since he was the one who sprinted into Legolas' bedroom and cradled and comforted the child after he woke up screaming and thrashing around in his blankets. Some nights, Bird ended up on the other side of the room after his young friend threw him in fright. Due to his tiredness, Thranduil had recently found himself having difficulty concentrating on anything during the waking hours and dozing off at his desk in his study. He was quickly learning that napping while bent over papers and texts was extremely uncomfortable and resulted in a neck so stiff he was unable to move it without excruciating pain. And, quite unlike his son, Thranduil's own exhaustion caused his temper to simmer down dramatically, which made him much more agreeable and friendly to emissaries from other realms and kingdoms who thought they could take advantage of Mirkwood's wealth and make outrageous requests. Glamren had been openly expressing his crushing disappointment for days. Both father and son were completely miserable, and although it fell upon Thranduil to fix it, he found himself lost and conflicted on how to solve the issue at hand. He wasn't sure who to turn to. These were the times he greatly missed his wife and her clever, intelligent counsel. The wind suddenly voiced itself quietly in Legolas' room, alerting the king that he had forgotten to make sure doors leading out to the balcony were shut and latched – Legolas had apparently not remembered to close them after coming in from reading outside under the sun that afternoon. It was one of the elfling's favorite activities, for he was a lover of stories and tales and enjoyed any fable anyone could tell him, whether the storyteller was sitting right in front of him or had written the words down on parchment. Thranduil got up and silently pulled the doors shut, cutting off the relaxing sound of rustling leaves and babbling brooks that was floating up from the garden just below. He strode back across the room, his velvet robe – midnight blue like the dark sky outside – gliding across the grey stone floor with a low woosh sound, to turn out the torches, plunging Legolas' chambers into what would have been complete darkness if it weren't for the soft, orange glow of the candle and the moonlight streaming in through the crystal clear windows that looked out across the balcony and into the shadowed forest beyond. The Elvenking stepped back to the bed where his son lay tranquilly; the elfling's mind, however, skipped and danced in Elven dreams; Thranduil's only wish was for it to stay that way tonight. Pressing one last kiss to the crown of Legolas' head, the king stood and headed for bed himself. He knew he would need all of the rest he could get in order to deal with the traders from Osgiliath that would arrive in the morning. I certainly hope you enjoyed it! Feel free to review if you'd like! Constructive criticism is always welcome as well! ~Erlossivor