She watched his breath come from his mouth in a puff of white frost. She followed it with her eyes as it slowly spread into nothing in the dark night. Had she wanted her own horse? She had thought about it, yes, but she did not want to achieve glory with it, like Elenion spoke of. ' Yes,' she said slowly, 'I have shared some part in your dreams. It's just- I have always felt at home here, and never thought of leaving, even if it were only for a little while.' She paused. 'I, I have you Elenion. No one could ask for a better companion than you,' she smiled. ' I know,' he said. 'But we could be together, and we will be, horses or no. We could travel so far together, you and I. We could cross mountains and rivers, and meet new people, and then we will get married. But, do you expect to do all of this on foot?' Rathien laughed. 'No, you are right. You always are,' she looked up at him and smiled. 'We would leave our own parents then, and this place? Yes. We should do it. We can come back. We can always come back.' 'Yes, but we have to get horses.' 'Good horses.' 'That can travel quickly, and are not afraid.' Rathien stopped. 'You mean to go soon, then? Elenion! We are so very young! We do not know about traveling or surviving in the Wild. We have both seen but 312 summers!' 'And that is why we have lots of time! To learn, to study, to get our horses. We should get them young, yes, and tame them ourselves. No one could ride them, except for us! Oh, Rathien! I can see it now! Can't you?' ' Oh Elenion!' she exclaimed, excitedly. 'Of course I can! What have we been missing? But where will we get the horses?' Elenion paused, and rested his hand and under his chin in deep thought. Suddenly he said, 'The Ford. The elves are always talking about the herd of Wild horses there. Do you remember when Lithaldoren came back, and he told Elrond of their greatness? He said they would be best for breeding with our horses. The Ford is not far. Maybe 30 miles South of here.' His voice sunk into a pleading whisper. 'We could go there, Rathien.' He put a hand on her shoulder. Rathien woke up with a start. She was sweating, and the sheets stuck to her skin. She looked towards the window, and it was open. A rush of wind swept past her like a wave of hot water. She could still smell the peaches and apples in the air. Outside, it was utterly dark. She kicked her sheets to the foot of her bed, and tore off her nightgown. Her stomach was still bound, but the bandage needed to be changed. She pulled her hair back behind her head and fell back onto the sheets, naked. She soon fell into a dreamless, uneasy sleep. The next few days passed slowly for Rathien, but she was glad of her old friend's company. She longed to be outside the City walls, or outside of the Houses at least, but the warden would not permit it; he was under orders from Gandalf. "You still need to heal," he said, and always Rathien stormed off to her room, as a little girl would. Elenion laughed at this. He knew the day would soon come when she nearly lost her own mind. She would lose all control of herself and demand release, even when her wound was far from scarring. The day did come, and when Rathien came back to her room, Elenion was there, and she cried, as if she did not want to leave anymore. She cried in Elenion's arms for the longest time, begging him to come with her, to travel together like they spoke of when they were so young. He refused, and somehow she knew he would. Still she begged him, her futile promises escaping her mouth as quickly as she drew breath. She knew her words and promises meant nothing, and Elenion did too, but that was Rathien. He sighed as he gently pushed her away, and after she contained herself, she said, "They are letting me go. I am taking a horse and leaving tonight." Elenion figured as much. He sat next to her quietly on her bed, his head bent over his lap. Rathien studied him: his face, his hands, his dark green tunic, his soft black boots. His hands were neatly folded in his lap, and dark brown hair fell about his shoulders. She traced his neck with her eyes, and followed up his jaw line and stopped at the sharp point of his ear. Rathien knew what that meant to him, to be an Elf. When they were young, Elenion always asked Lord Elrond where they would go when they died, and always Elrond said, 'We never die, Elenion. You must understand that. Mortals will pass on, but we will live on this Earth forever to cherish and grace it. It is the gift of the Valar to us.' Still, Elenion always wanted to know, and after 903 years of living, Rathien wondered if he still thought about it. Maybe he does not wish to have the gift of immortality? As Rathien thought of this, she suddenly stiffened as an unpleasant thought came to her head: I could have died, when he stabbed me. I am immortal, and no sickness or old age can take me, but not just a week ago, I could have died. She now understood Elenion's thoughts, from so long ago. Where would I have gone? Rathien looked at Elenion, and he returned her gaze, as if he knew what she was thinking. A sudden dread came upon her, as she thought of it. Maybe it's best that I just stay here, where I will be safe.