come back for me! She gasped, as Legolas spun her around, holding her tightly. Her soul rejoiced with such passion that she thought she would die. This – this is what she'd wanted for so long now, to be held in his arms, for him to gaze into her eyes like this, to love her! She was complete. The shadow creature also thought it might die with ecstasy, with the overload of emotion. It triumphed; it knew it was right to bring her to this! It felt the last connections Sarah had with her sleeping body, with the human world, begin to fray, but didn't care. This much joy would last it a lifetime! Legolas and the Elf Sarah stopped spinning slowly, and he drew back slowly to look into her eyes. They held an overwhelming sorrow. "Sarah." He said. A memory surfaced, but the Elf Sarah and the human Sarah pushed it away. She had all she wanted here, she wanted to stay. "Our time runs short. Know this, Sarah…" how she wished he's stop using her name! "…know this: I love you." He enunciated every word distinctly, meaning each and every syllable. "I love you. Another voice joined. Sarah spun. There was Beleg! "What…?" began Sarah, her voice faint with shock and confusion. "I love you." Frodo appeared, as he had in Mount Doom, his hand bloody and maimed. "I love you." Said Merry, holding his helmet and straightening his clothes, as thought he'd just dismounted. "I love you." Aragorn appeared kneeling, as he had when she was Boromir, but now stood to face her. Sarah looked back to Legolas, who was watching her, grief clear in his eyes. He closed his arms around her, and she buried her herd in his chest. Sarah remembered now, all of it. She remembered as she stood in Legolas's arms, how she had been Nellas, how she had been Sam, how she had been Boromir, how she had been Eowyn. And she remembered she was human, how these people who loved her…were not real. "No!" she howled, her voice cracking with real emotion, her own, raw emotion, not the calculated and theatrical emotion she had felt as these works of fiction. Her howls carried on, muffled by Legolas's body, which tightened around her as her grief and longing spilled from her. For once she had been loved, and now it was gone. She couldn't stand to be sent back to unfeeling reality where there were few who even noted her existence. "Why?" She cried, looking up at her love. "What does this mean? What is happening?" "I love you." He began again. "No! Stop saying that! You are all figments of my imagination! Who has done this?" Suddenly, as if her words had summoned it, the shadow creature appeared, but now heavy chains covered it. It glowered, thrashing against its bonds, and Sarah threw herself back to Legolas's embrace, away from the shadow creature. "This creature felt your love for us, and brought you here, making your fantasies seem real so that it could feed off the emotion you felt for us. It's what these creatures, these shadow creatures do." Legolas told her, his voice a comforting hum in his chest as Sarah leaned against him. "But it underestimated you, and the degree of love you felt for us. You loved us so completely, with such passion, that we have been brought to life, made solid. And we love you, really love you, in return." He waved his hand gently, gesturing to the other people who stood around. As Sarah looked, more appeared. People filled the meadow, characters Tolkien's brilliant mid had created, but Sarah's love had brought to life in the dream world. "Yes, we love you, and so we cannot let you die. Sarah, or time runs short, you must return to mortal world, for even if you die, you cannot remain with us. We tried to tell you, but the shadow creature was too strong. But your love for me has saved you, for my love together with yours was too much for it. We created chains which bind it, and stop it from clouding your mind. You must return to the mortal world, Sarah my love. For we love you, and want you to live. Live for us, and more of our kind. We love you Sarah, and we'll live on here…" as he spoke, Sarah felt herself fading. Legolas's heart broke in grief, for he really did love her. As she faded, he tried to grasp her hand. He caught it, and placed an object in her palm. The last thing she heard was Legolas's cry, mingling with the shrieks of anger of the shadow creature, which had been defeated by its own victim. Sarah's spirit retuned to her own body, gasping. She opened her hand, and there shone a delicate mithril ring, gleaming as she had always imagined it would. "Of course it looks like I imagined, it's only here because I imagined!" And she lay on her bed and wept, because she truly loved Legolas, and because he truly loved her. She never once took the ring off for the rest of her life. Sarah lived, as the characters she had brought to life wanted her to, and never once did she doubt that the events of that night were less than reality. But she never fell in love with any mortal, for her soul now knew the way to the dreamworld, and every night she would linger the borders of dream and waking with Legolas. He never faded, her love had brought him to life, and he loved her too much to fade back to mist. The years passed, and one day, when she was very old, Sarah died, as mortals are wont to do. Waiting on the borderlands was Legolas, and she laughed with joy. She took his hand, and together they went on. Not to the dreamworld, but somewhere far beyond.