king's house, you shall see yourself." A sudden eagerness seized me even as the words left my mouth. "Will you not come? Do I hope in vain that you have been sent to me for a help in doubt and need?" "I will come when I may," said Aragorn. My heart sank within me, and I clutched desperately for that small hope I had found in him. "Come now! The Heir of Elendil would be a strength indeed to the Sons of Eorl in this evil tide. There is battle even now upon the Westemnet, and I fear that it may go ill with us." I was pleading, I confess it. I abandoned all shame when I told him how I disobeyed my king and left his house but weakly-guarded, to pursue the reports of my scouts. But my disobedience was not without merit, for my darkest suspicions were proven in the bodies of the Orcs we slew yesterday dawn. They bore the White Hand of Saruman, and they were greater in strength and fury than any other Orcs. Orthanc and the Dark Tower were now allied, I was certain, and though the knowledge came at the cost of fifteen men and a dozen horses, we now knew what we faced. Nor could we, cold truth whispered, face it alone. "Will you not come?" I begged. "There are spare horses, as you see. There is work for the Sword to do." I cast a swift glance at the Elf and Dwarf, as well, for I saw them listening closely. "Yes, and we could find a use for Gimli's ax and the bow of Legolas, if they will pardon my rash words concerning the Lady of the Wood." Earnestly meeting their eyes, I added, "I spoke only as do all men in my land, and I would gladly learn better." However, Aragorn was already shaking his head, albeit with the appearance of genuine regret. "I thank you for your fair words, and my heart desires to come with you; but I cannot desert my friends while hope remains." Aye, and how mighty a heart it was, to cling when all was lost. Gently but firmly, I said, "Hope does not remain. You will not find your friends on the North-borders." He protested, as I knew he must. They had found no trace of their friends on the back-trail, no sign turning from the Orcs' path, nothing but one last token that one captive, at least, still lived. How could they be lost, if no sign remained, aye or nay? Nor was Aragorn inclined to mistrust his own skills. Sadly, I asked what he thought had become of them, and still that stubborn, magnificent faith burned true. In the same breath that he admitted they could have been lost and burned with the bodies of the Orcs, he also embraced my certainty that no little people had been among them. The only answer then must be that his friends were carried away into the forest before the battle. "Can you swear that none escaped your net in such a way?" he demanded. "I would swear that no Orc escaped after we sighted them," I said cautiously. "We reached the forest-eaves before them, and if after that any living thing broke through our ring, then it was no Orc, and had some elvish power." "Our friends were attired even as we are," Aragorn stated, and one eyebrow tilted slightly. "And you passed us by under the full light of day." "I had forgotten that," I said, and breathed in, then let go a long breath. Hope. A thing fleeting and fickle as sun through clouds, but no less precious. Legends walked and myth looked me in the eyes; how did a man find his way, when all the world had become strange to him? With clear eyes, so Aragorn reminded me, for good and evil have not in all the ages changed their natures. Among my waiting éored their horses stamped and blew, and the shadows grew longer beneath us. The time for counsel was past and only duty remained. Aye, and the son of Arathorn was a hard man, even on the brink of our seeming accord. I reminded him that my law bid me command these strangers to an audience with my King, for permission to pass upon these lands. However, Aragorn's own stern, strange laws bid otherwise, and he denied the label of stranger outright, upon the names of both my father and my king. He would go on, with or without my leave. "Come now, son of Éomund," he said. "The choice must be made at last. Aid us, or at the worst set us free. Or seek to carry out your law. If you do so there will be fewer to return to your war or your king." Ah, my heart broke, not for his gallant defiance, but for what I saw in the faces of Legolas and Gimli, who waited but their captain's command to leap headlong into battle and certain death. I envied - yes, envied! - that they could love him so, whilst I must turn aside from a man whom I suddenly knew I could follow to the very ending of the world. "We both have need of haste," I said finally. "My company chafes to be away, and every hour lessens your hope. Here is my choice. You may go; and what is more, I will lend you horses. This only I ask: when your quest is achieved, or is proven vain, return with the horses over the Entwade to Meduseld, the high house in Edoras where Théoden now sits. Thus you shall prove to him that I have not misjudged." I looked him hard in the eyes as I added, "In this I place myself, and maybe my very life, in the keeping of your good faith. Do not fail." "I will not." And I believed. *** Continued in Part 2 ...