regal face. His voice was low and troubled. "You have endured much sorrow and I was afraid the darkness would find their way easily into your weary heart." "I was of a mind to send you to Lothlorien for fear that you would fall under the shadows, growing bitter with hatred or fading away in despair." The Mirkwood king fell silent then, and sat staring at the crumpled red leaf in his hand, his eyes dark and distant as if lost in memories. Legolas's heart constricted. He covered his father's hand with his own and gave it a reassuring squeeze. "I would not have gone to Lothlorien even if you have demanded it." He said softly with a smile. "And I feel I have suffered no worse for staying in our woodland realm." Thranduil looked at him and all at once, warmth filled his eyes. "You speak truly, my son." When he smiled, there was true joy to be found. He grasped the slender fingers in return with his strong ones. "For I look upon you and see the shadows hold no sway over you. The darkness does not taint your mind nor sour your disposition." The Elf-king nodded. "At times, our constant battles with evil may weigh heavily on your spirits, but these trials have made you stronger instead. And I see that the sweet nature of my little Elfling is unchanged. Your heart bears no malice and kindness fills your thoughts." There was that odd twist to his father's mouth from earlier and he now recognized as wry amusement. "Indeed, your mistake with Gollum clearly stemmed from compassion and pity for the poor creature. That was what I meant earlier, for I could not expect anything else given your tender heart!" "But my bad judgment shall cost us dearly." Legolas bit his lip, turning away as Thranduil's words filled him anew with shame. "My foolish over-kindliness has wrought great dangers and brought further doom to our already dark futures." "Legolas." There was a deep sigh as his father took his chin and turned his head around so the younger Elf was forced to look into the wise blue eyes. His father's face was grave and serious as he regarded him. "Do not be too hard on yourself, my son." "Certainly, Gollum's escape is regrettable. But this act of mercy is not to be so summarily dismissed." Blue eyes gazed steadily at him, burning bright with a fierce pride. "It speaks of the Elf you've grown up into, one whose hand must deal out pain and death in a valiant bid to protect others, yet whose heart remains pure and un-subverted by evil." "If the situation were not so grave, I would not hesitate to claim I'm proud of you." A broad smile curved the Elf-king's lips as he placed a hand on Legolas's shoulder, fatherly love shining in his eyes. "Truly, my little Greenleaf has grown into a fine warrior, a respected captain and much beloved prince of the people." Legolas stared at his father, momentarily speechless. Thranduil's words touched him deeply, lifting his spirits like a song, soothing the pain in his heart like a healing balm. But he was also greatly humbled by them. "Father, I…I…" He stammered, overwhelmed and unsure of what to say. "…thank you." He said earnestly in the end, trying to project all the gratitude for the faith and love his father had in him with those two simple words. "However," Thranduil smiled and held up one admonishing finger. "This is still a grave mistake and you must make what amends you can." The young elf leapt to his feet. "Anything my lord father commands!" He cried. His father laughed. "Do not be so hasty, my child. When you have heard what task I have in store for you, you might wish you had gone into Dol Guldur for Gollum after all." Legolas shook his head, his fist clenched and his stance firm. "I am willing to suffer any punishment if it could be of the slightest help to remedy my foolish act." He declared with great determination. "Then I bade you to rest for now, and recover your strength." His father smiled. There was a twinkle in his eyes even though his voice was serious. "For tomorrow, you will ride for Rivendell." His smile widened at his son's dismayed face. "Yes, you would inform Lord Elrond yourself of your blunder." "Lord Elrond…" Legolas's face fell, a picture of abject misery, as he sank back down to sit on the bench. "Aye, tis a severe punishment indeed." He heard a quaver in his own voice. The Elf lord of the fair valley would not have harsh words for him, but he could make one feel like a wayward child with just a quirk of his eyebrow and stern gaze. The elven prince shuddered. It would not be a pleasant task. "And I believe Estel would be in Rivendell at this time of year." His father continued mildly, with a hint of amusement. "He had spent so many long hard months tracking and capturing Gollum. I do wonder what he'll have to say when he learns of what you have done." Legolas paled. "Aragorn…" He said faintly. What would his dearest friend say! He could just imagine the human now, the dark eyes understanding and sympathetic, mouth shaped into a smile of casual dismissal as he reassured the Elf that the error was not an irreparable one. But through their years of long friendship, Legolas would not fail to read the worry and grim disappointment in that rugged face. He groaned and buried his face in his hands. Never , had an idea in retrospect, seemed so bad . Author's notes: The events leading to Gollum's escape described in this story is based on the report Legolas gave in the chapter 'The Council of Elrond' in the book. The title "over-kindliness" was used by Legolas to describe his misadventure in the same chapter.