journal was dated what seemed to be a little over a year ago. Erin saw that there were some stains on the page of the entry and she recognized them immediately. It was impossible not to because she was very familiar with tear stains, almost every time she wrote in her diary they were present, lingering like the most dreadful of thoughts. Erin put her full attention into the journal and started to read. "My Father got me this journal a few days ago. He thought it was a good place where I could release what I had been thinking about all of the time. Of course by that I mean my mother, Erin. I never got to meet her because she left when I was only a baby. I haven't even seen a painting or anything of her but Father has described her appearance as well as I could get him to and I made a few drawings of what I think she looks like. Father said they were very well done considering the circumstances. I am so intrigued by everything I can learn about her but I am also very angry. She shouldn't have left me and Father to live on our own. Why did she have to leave? Even though I've been told she loved me very much I still feel she hated me deep down inside. Why else would she have gone? Was she uncaring and self-centered? Father refuses to tell me anything about her character and he doesn't like to discuss her. When I do ask something, he ends up spending the rest of the day and night in his room with the door locked. I only gain small amounts of information at a time and I have to be very careful about what I ask so I don't upset Father. Maybe someday I will know the true story about her. Right now I can truthfully say I hate her for what she has done to us..." Erin found she couldn't read anymore, she was so upset that she dropped the book onto the floor and soon collapsed right in front of it. She put her hands over her face and started to sob, the tears leaked out and fell to the ground. One actually hit the book to join the rest of the tear stains. She kept thinking more and more about the entry, especially how now she knew Elijah was very angry and that he hated her. "No wonder he doesn't talk about me, he despises me and he has the full right to," Erin thought to herself. Quietly, Frodo came into the house where he knew Erin would be waiting for him. He ran into Berilac Brandybuck when he went for a short afternoon walk and he had told him that Erin had visited and that she went to Bag End. Now, Frodo walked around the house looking for her. He stopped abruptly when he saw her bent down on the floor of Elijah's room. He hid against the wall when he saw Erin turn around and he saw her for the first time in years. She was just as beautiful as he remembered. Her hair was streaked light blonde from the sun but nothing seemed strikingly different about her to the eye. Frodo took a deep breath and decided to go for it. He walked slowly into the room, careful not to give himself away just yet. A set of firm hands were placed on Erin's shoulders and she let out a startled gasp. She turned around quickly and her heart dropped to her stomach. There, standing in front of her was the love of her life, Frodo Baggins. She didn't know what to say, his appearance caught her completely off guard. "Erin..." Frodo said, slowly, "My Erin...beautiful as always". Erin sobbed into her hands once again, but this time it was not because of Elijah, it was because she never thought she'd see Frodo again. "Frodo!" Erin managed to say. She looked up at him and saw that tears of amazement filled his eyes now. She instantly jumped up and wrapped her arms around him. They engaged in a long, passionate kiss. When it ended, Erin spoke, "Oh Frodo! This can't be real..." They parted slowly from each other's embrace and stared into each other's eyes. "I can't let you go. I'm scared I'll lose you once again but...Erin...how are you here? I don't understand?" They sat on Elijah's bed and Erin started to explain what had happened. "So you don't know where the others are or even if they are here, for that matter?" Frodo asked. Erin nodded as more tears rolled down her cheeks. She looked down at the book she had dropped and started to feel completely miserable again. She wasn't wanted here...she knew it. "Erin, you shouldn't have been reading that..." Frodo said, sternly. "Elijah hates me!" "No...he doesn't really. He's just confused. I didn't let him in on the whole story. I didn't think he was ready". At first Erin felt angry at Frodo for not telling Elijah much about her but then she realized in those few moments that there was a good reason. He was just trying to protect him from the painful truth that Frodo and Erin had to endure every day for a long time. "Frodo...I love you!" I cried, falling into his arms again. "I love you too," He whispered in her ear. l.l.l.l.l.l.l An- And here we are…the end of the first chapter of the triquel (did I make that word up or is it actually real?)! The girls have each discovered something quite surprising…and hell, Erin isn't even in Fangorn with the rest of em! There's more surprises ahead for the girls…and to find them out, you'll have to wait until next chapter to find them out! Please review and let us know what you thought about this chapter! Until the next chapter, Niori, Carla, Erin and Jane!