damaged or that his trust for me was diminished. He was simply telling me it would take time for him to forget how ruthlessly I had lashed out at him, how I had hurt him. Yes, I did appreciate his openness. It shamed me though. My actions shamed me. He did not think I had betrayed him but I did. I felt the warmth of Estel's fingers lifting my chin. By the fierceness in his eyes I knew he had every intention of assuring me I had not betrayed him but before he could speak, he saw something on my face. Or at least, he must have seen something in my manner for he seemed to realize the futility of such reassurances. His countenance was sad. He did not want me to see my breach as a betrayal yet understood that he would not be able to convince me otherwise. His face softened then. His gaze was warm and sympathetic. "You are much too hard on yourself. You always are." He was trying to tell me that everyone committed errors in judgment, some more grievous than others, and that I should accept that I myself was not infallible. He would accept my mistakes, my weaknesses, and wished I could do the same. "I think your reaction was…partially understandable. When… During your diatribe, you mentioned the orcs and Mirkwood… I think, perhaps, this needlessly felled beast reminded you of what is occurring in your homeland." I did not even try to mask my surprise. Rid of his fear that he had lost my friendship, he had regained his ability to read me. Even knowing how deep an insight he could gain into my thoughts, I was still unprepared for this unerring assessment. "You are kinder than I deserve," I acknowledged with a smile, silently pledging to never again betray the trust this man bestowed upon me. "Quite simply, I overreacted and said many…acerbic things to you." Estel nodded his agreement but squeezed my fingers and said. "I forgive you." "Thank you," I inclined my head in gratitude. After our discussion, we continued dressing the female élias in silence. It was not a peaceful silence, however. Though not marked by Estel's apprehension and unease, it was filled with sadness. My sorrow stemmed from the knowledge that I had injured my friend. Even the kindness of his eyes could not erase the guilt I felt for having overreacted. Forgiveness had been entreated and granted but a great deal of time would pass before I forgave myself. Estel's sadness, I perceived, was born from a growing sense of guilt he felt for having slain the élias. I had already hurt and humiliated him for the action but now I sensed he felt bad for reasons other than my anger and how important I knew my friendship to be to him. The more meat we wrought from the beast, the more Estel's mood seemed to plummet. The continued presence of the pups did not appear to be aiding matters. I was well aware of how often his eyes flitted to them. Abruptly, pitiful mewls broke the silence. The pups were crying. It was a sound sad enough to bring tears to the eyes of even the most stoic of warriors. For Estel, it fell as a blow. Dropping the bloody knife he had been using, he turned pain-filled eyes to me. "Is there no hope for them?" he asked in such a tone that made me wish for the strength to lie to him. I could not, however. I could not look into those earnest, pleading eyes and tell a falsehood. Even if it was one that would ease his turmoil. Setting my own knife aside, I placed a gentle hand on his shoulder. "I fear not." My own tone was tangled with sorrow. His shoulders sagged. "I did not mean for this to happen." I smiled sadly, realizing he was more connected to the delicate balance of life than his actions today had led me to believe. "I know." "I did not mean to take their mother from them," he continued. "I am sorry. I am sorry for having slain the élias and having reminded you of the slow destruction of your home." "I allowed myself to be reminded of Mirkwood, Estel," I told him, not quite believing that he was apologizing to me after all the things I had said to him. "Do not blame yourself for that. As for granting you forgiveness…you know that I have already given you mine, though certainly I had less to forgive than you." "It is as you said, though," he protested, wincing as the pups began to yowl louder. "I have deprived the pack of all the litters this élias could have given them. These pups will die, and all those that should have been born will never walk this earth. Because of me." Before I could respond, he continued. "Legolas," he said solemnly, "Please, teach me about the interconnectedness of all living things, about how your woodland kin view the world and the balance of life." He paused, "The prayer you uttered for the élias we killed…please, tell me its significance." Nodding, I smiled. "Hush, Estel. I will be more than happy to tell you all you want to know. The prayer I said is an ancient tradition among woodland elves, it marks…" As I told my friend about a side of elves he had never before been aware of, I could not help but reflect on all that had occurred since our felling of the male élias. I had needlessly hurt Estel and Estel had needlessly taken a life. Both of us wished to change so that we did not repeat our actions. Both of us had made mistakes this day but perhaps it was in our desire to improve that we would find our redemption. Perhaps it was in our desire to grow that we would be able to forgive ourselves. THE END