"did he suggest a threesome?" Jane blushed "and that you were gunning for sex for old times sake." "Egotistical bastard," Niori snorted in disgust, " Believe me if I was gunning for sex for old times sake, I wouldn't go to him; despite what he thinks, I've had way better." "Too much information Niori; I don't want to think of Anthony in bed at all, good or bad," Jane paused for a moment, "but does that count as cheating? Or anything with Legolas," Niori began to argue that nothing had happened, "I know that nothing actually happened (which Jane knew wasn't completely true, but she wasn't going to tell Niori that), but in theory. I mean, with Brendan and all?" "Jane," Niori sighed, "in order for it to be cheating Brendan and I would have to be in a real relationship; causal is what we are, and that means openish. We're not just having sex per say, because we do go out on dates and all that, but we're not serious…not really together. So no, it would not be cheating. Fucking stupid yes, but not cheating." "Do you want it serious?" Jane asked out of curiosity. You could never tell with Niori; she seemed to hate commitment and yet she wanted that one guy to 'love' her. "I don't know…sometimes yes, sometimes no. I mean, serious doesn't really work out all that well for me now does it? Anthony, case and point. Casual and temporary seems to be working just fine. Sometimes it does go from there, but…I guess right now I'll have to live with the random dates and sex, great sex may I remind you." Someone cleared their throat from the doorway and Niori and Jane looked over to them. Legolas was sanding there, looking a little awkward. "Do I even want to know how much of that conversation you heard?" He just shook his head a little to Niori's question. "Where did you put my bow?" he asked. "Why?" Jane asked, plopping another fry into her mouth. "I want to practice on Carla's targets. Now where is it?" "Aren't you sick?" Niori questioned. "Elves rarely are effected by alcohol," Legolas informed them in a matter-of-fact voice, "though what you have here is clearly the exception. But besides that, we never become ill afterwards." "I hate you," Niori moaned, "I hope the stupid arrow bounces off of the target and hits you. If karma is on my side, that's what you'll get for standing there feeling perfect while I sit here feeling like crap." "Why you-" Legolas glared at her. Jane smirked and shot off a comment. "Aww…how cute! Your first lover's spat!" Both turned to glare at her. "I do not like her in that way!" Niori shot an offended glare at him, which Legolas didn't see. "Come on now," Jane continued to tease, "you don't have to hide it. We're all friends here." "Jesus Christ Jane," Niori snapped, finally having enough, "I'd remember; no matter how tanked I am, I always remember when it's good." "Now Niori," Jane spoke innocently, "if nothing happened, how do you know if it'd be great?" "Call it an estimated guess." Both Jane and Niori looked Legolas up and down, appraising him. "Okay," Jane conceded, "your estimated guess I can see." Legolas looked completely mortified. "But I'll have to ask Carla, just to make sure. I mean she was there too…" "Jane, for the love of God!" Niori cried angrily, jumping to her feet. The sudden motion made her stomach lurch and she knew she was going to throw up. "Move!" she cried, pushing past Legolas roughly as she ran for the bathroom. A moment later Jane heard the bathroom door slam. Legolas looked at Jane, and she couldn't help but burst out laughing. He made a noise of frustration and then stormed out of the room. "Your bow," she cried after him, "is in the downstairs closet!" She was enjoying this way too much. l.l.l Erin moaned, this hangover worse by far to the few previous ones she had endured. She had just finished vomiting for what seemed to be the millionth time. She figured at most she had five minutes before she was sick again. "It's alright," Frodo said, rubbing Erin's back. She was hung over and grumpy and really didn't want him there, but she didn't want to kick him out either. "Frodo, what if…" she started abruptly and then stopped herself. "What?" he asked her in concern. "Nothing," Erin said quickly. Then they sat in silence. "You know," Frodo ventured a few moments later, "Sam has been adamant in finding out what happened to me last night." "We went for a walk, came back and everyone was gone. You passed out and I took you to my place to sleep it off, but only because my place was the closest. That is it, and it will continue to be the story." "Maybe…" Frodo ventured. "No!" Erin snapped, "That's exactly what we say happened!" Frodo looked crestfallen at her tone, and Erin felt bad about her harsh tone. "Look," she explained, "you don't understand. Do you even know how much Niori will kill us if she figures out it was her car?" "You're right," Frodo responded. There was a knock on the door and then Sam's voice spoke. "Mr. Frodo, are you alright? How is Erin?" "Fine," Frodo replied. "You know what," Erin said, "I do feel better; let's just go downstairs." l.l.l An- So you can see where we changed; Of course I went for making it longer and the additions were more or less for character building. When we first started writing we didn't really have a hold on how we wanted our characters to be, so I went back here to have a go at that. Mostly we can see Niori as the party girl, but I threw in more character development for the other girls too (especially Erin). So, hope you all enjoyed! Cheers!