sometimes). Then they tend to experience a total shift in personality. If only one of them had been affected in this way by the presence of Legolas and Aragorn, it would have been unnerving. When both twins suddenly become full of 'fun' and 'mischief', the result is simply frightening. I like them more when they are grim and vengeance-driven. "Maybe you're right..." I said slowly. "Of course I am." "But they might get hurt," I said. "They might get hurt doing anything," Glorfindel said. "You may not have noticed, but Aragorn and Legolas get hurt all the time in the strangest of ways. It is their fate. We cannot save them." "Maybe you're right..." Glorfindel gave me a shrewd look, and then said, "If you tell Legolas or Aragorn about the beaver, I will tell Lord Elrond that you—" "No," I said, whirling around to glare at the other elf. "No, you will not." Glorfindel smirked at me, and I decided to recover my poise and treat him to a little righteous indignation. "Whatever makes you think that blackmailing me will keep me silent?" I asked. "It worked last time," Glorfindel said. Unfortunately, this was true. I stood with my mouth open for a moment, and Glorfindel's smirk widened to an evil grin. "Oh, very well then," I said ungraciously, turned, and stomped away. So perhaps Glorfindel isn't as dense as I had believed. Fantastic. On the fourth day, everything changed. For the worse, I might add. The first bad thing that happened involved Lindir. This wasn't surprising. Lindir is somehow involved in most of the bad things that happen in Imladris. Often, I must admit, he is the victim. Occasionally he is the instigator. In this case, he was more like a harbinger of doom... no, that's not quite right. In this case, he was the harbinger of surprise birthday parties. It seems to me that the words 'doom' and 'surprise birthday parties' could well be synonymous. Anyway, it so happened that I caught him practically skipping through Imladris, a garland of flowers in his hands, and asked him what he was doing. A few minutes later, the truth was out. " What did you say?" I asked him. "A birthday party? A surprise birthday party?" Lindir gave me one of his self-effacing little smiles. "It's a human thing," he said. "I know that," I snapped. "My question is: why was I not informed? Was the party to be a surprise for myself as well?" Lindir's smile faded."They told me not to tell you because you'd try to sabotage it!" he said, wriggling. I watched his expression grow yet more miserable as he slowly realized that he had betrayed his lord by informing me of this. "Now why would I want to sabotage Aragorn's surprise birthday party?" I asked, striving for some outer calm. By the way Lindir sort of wilted under my gaze, I'm guessing the attempt failed. "Because everyone knows you hate him," Lindir said. 'Hate' is a very strong word, much stronger than dislike and even stronger than can't stand . I shook my head in sad rebuke. "How can you say such a thing, Lindir?" I asked. "Sorry," Lindir said, wriggling even more and looking as though no smile would ever cross his face again. "I meant to say that everyone knows you loathe him." I blinked. "I don't hate Aragorn," I said. "He can be quite amusing sometimes." "I think you're amused by all the wrong things," Lindir said, and bolted, leaving only a few petals in his wake. I stared after him, trying to make sense of what was happening. I'd been sure that Lord Elrond had an ulterior motive for sending Aragorn out of the house, but this wasn't the motive I had suspected. This motive was almost noble. If Lord Elrond wanted to provide a nice surprise birthday party for his foster son, such a party would not be undeserved. Aragorn had spent his last birthday in a dungeon in Angmar; the year before that, he'd celebrated his birthday in slavery in Harad; the year before that, he'd been eating rats in a smelly little jail in Gondor; the year before that, he'd been lying feverish in an infirmary bed in Mirkwood (which is nearly as bad as any jail, believe me); the year before that, he had been unconscious in a cave for the entire day, which was probably a good thing, since if he'd been conscious he would have had to deal with the stress of the rats eating him and the year before that... well, pain and suffering on Aragorn's birthday was something of a recurring theme. I toyed briefly with the unpleasant thought that Aragorn, by celebrating his birthday in Rivendell, might bring his trouble with him. I shouldn't have worried about this, because this is where the second bad thing comes in. It occurred on the evening of the fourth day. Actually, it might be more accurate to say that the second bad thing involved something not occurring. We watched and waited, but Aragorn and Legolas did not come back. "Told you so," I said, even though I hadn't. "Oh, do be quiet, Erestor," Glorfindel said. "Well, it's not my fault," I said. "I warned you. I said you should have told them about the beavers. I knew that something bad would happen. I knew they would vanish like this. It was absolutely inevitable. I knew—" "Since you knew," Glorfindel said dryly, "I suppose you would like to be the one to notify Lord Elrond of his son's mysterious disappearance?" I snapped my mouth shut. "Thought so," Glorfindel said, looking faintly amused despite himself. "I'll do it, then. Don't rush to thank me." As Glorfindel wandered off to find Lord Elrond, I sat and pondered the many possibilities. I needn't have bothered. The reason for Aragorn and Legolas's delay was something that lay beyond even my powers of imagination. The beaver was involved, of course. TBC...