generally unsuccessful. Elrond had acquired a new advisor, and the new advisor said, "What you really need to do, Lord Elrond, is get Aragorn away from Legolas." Elrond considered this. "Aragorn was a delightful little boy who hardly ever got into trouble," said the new advisor. "Then Legolas came along and they started going on 'adventures' and getting seriously injured." "Yes..." said Elrond. "But what about the time he fell over the waterfall? Legolas had nothing to do with that, did he?" "Legolas probably pushed him," said the new advisor darkly. When Aragorn came home, cradling a broken arm, with Legolas by his side, Elrond announced, "I think you should go to Gondor, Aragorn." "Gondor?" croaked Aragorn. "Yes," said Elrond. "You should go to Gondor and get a feel for your kingdom-to-be." "It's a good idea," said Legolas, "but the people in Gondor don't really like me." "Oh, too bad," said Elrond. "I guess you'll just have to skip Gondor, then. You could go home, and reintroduce yourself to your father, who has probably forgotten what you look like by now." Legolas and Aragorn parted ways, while Elrond smiled triumphantly. "Tra-la-la-lally," he sang as he walked back to his study. Things were better. Elrond would probably never say the word 'jolly' again, except in moments of great irony, but he felt more cheerful than he had in a long time. He had high hopes that Aragorn would make it to Gondor without getting hurt, and spend his time in Gondor without getting hurt. Perhaps Elrond was in denial at this point. A year later, Gandalf visited Rivendell. Gandalf looked around. He saw no elves singing and dancing on the green. He heard not a strain of Here Down in the Valley . He became worried. Gandalf found Elrond sitting in his study, frowning sadly at his work. "What are you doing?" asked Gandalf. "Work," said Elrond. "You don't look happy," observed Gandalf. "I'm not happy," said Elrond. "I can't even remember what happiness feels like." "That could be a problem," said Gandalf. "Why have you forgotten what happiness feels like?" "It's hard to be happy when happy songs make me think of needles and vicious dwarves, and when my son and his best friend might show up any moment with serious injuries," said Elrond dejectedly. " You try to be happy when such threats loom on the horizon." "Well," said Gandalf, "let me tell you about how my life has been going for the past few years." "All right," said Elrond. "Go ahead." "I travel a lot," said Gandalf. "On my travels, I generally encounter Legolas and Aragorn at the moment when they need me the most." "Wow," said Elrond. "Exactly," said Gandalf. "I have mended their injuries, saved them from forest fires, and fought off evil men who wanted them dead. My friendship with the great eagles has come in very useful as well." "It was good of you to help them so much," said Elrond. "I know," said Gandalf. "So, I think you should cheer up. You should focus on your realm, and make your people happy. Everyone around here looks dejected. Aragorn and Legolas don't like to come back to Rivendell when everyone's so depressed! It's no wonder they only come to you when they're wounded!" Elrond hatched an evil plan. When Legolas and Aragorn came into the view of the lookouts, all the elves of Rivendell rushed to their stations. Aragorn and Legolas came to a halt, staring at the tragic scene in shock and horror. "What's this?" cried Legolas. The elves of Rivendell were lying around the green, in various grisly attitudes. They did not move. They did not breathe. "Everyone is dead!" wailed Aragorn. "Some plague known only to the elves has struck this fair realm, sparing no one!" Legolas started backing away, which really made sense, given the situation. "Surprise!" yelled Elrond, jumping out of hiding. "We're alive!" Aragorn and Legolas were startled, but Aragorn saved the situation by thinking fast and yelling, "Surprise!" back at Elrond. "Why should I be surprised?" asked Elrond. "Legolas and I are uninjured!" said Aragorn. Elrond was so surprised, he nearly passed out. "Were you trying to make a point?" asked Legolas, unamused by the proceedings. "Yes," said Elrond. "My point was this: while you are away, those of us in Rivendell could be danger. You should visit us more often. Bad things don't just happen to you, you know." "All right," said Aragorn. "We'll visit more often. However, I think we should work out some things first." "Like what?" asked Elrond. "Well," said Aragorn, "when I was young, all the elves of Rivendell acted so euphoric all the time. Everything was 'jolly' or 'delicious', and you kept on singing that terrible song. It was really aggravating. Then suddenly, you were depressed and miserable. Visiting you wasn't fun. It made me sad. I think you should find a happy medium." "All right," said Elrond. "Good idea." He turned to the undead denizens of Rivendell. "From now on," he said, "we will be neither too happy, nor too serious. I will no longer threaten to skin alive those of you who sing cheerful songs." "Hooray!" cried Lindir, waving his shepherd's crook. "I brought you some souvenirs from Gondor," said Aragorn. He handed his beloved foster father a snow globe that contained a miniature of the White Tree. "Most astonishing wonderful!" said Elrond. Aragorn raised his eyebrows. "I was being sarcastic," said Elrond. Aragorn raised his eyebrows again. "What? I'm not allowed to be sarcastic?" asked Elrond. "Not when I'm spending my hard earned money to buy you souvenirs," said Aragorn. Elrond flipped the snow globe over. He watched the snow come drifting down. "This is a wonderful souvenir," he said. "Good," said Aragorn. "Let's go inside and celebrate our truce in the Hall of Fire," said Elrond. As they entered the house, the first melodious strains of Here Down in the Valley wafted tentatively after them. The End.