through her mane. When he rode his dark-haired stallion across the plains, she lazily trotted behind them, allowing them a head-start and watching as his hair blew behind him in the wind. She would rear and frolic, kicking her legs in the air, forward, backwards and sideways, playfully running around until he had almost reached the horizon. Then she finally set off at great speed, and like an arrow from a bow she shot past the Elf and his galloping stallion – a flash of silver flying across the grass, her pace light and smooth even at the speed of the wind, leaving them far behind. Glorfindel was fascinated by his magnificent, sweet-natured companion. Not in his wildest dreams had he dared to envision her staying beyond their initial encounter, and yet here she was, almost courting him! Nigh on two weeks had passed into their friendship, when he finally dared to pose the one question which had been on his mind ever since he had first seen her graceful, effortless gait. As his fingers softly brushed the silver-white coat, he gently murmured: "My sweetest, beautiful Eirien of the Land of Golden Flowers…would you do me the greatest honour I could possibly imagine?" Eirien's ears rotated to the Elf standing beside her flank. She turned her head backwards and her deep, black eyes calmly questioned him. Glorfindel walked to the front of the stately mare and kissed the soft, velvet nose before dipping his head in respect. He bowed to her and pressed his cheek against the soft coat of the mare. "Would you carry me, Eirien?" he asked. A jerk of the great, white head almost knocked the Elf out of balance. With a snort and an angry flick of her tail the mare trotted away, not sparing the Elf a single glance until she had reached the top of the hill. There she turned, neighing indignantly. The Mearas were a race of wild horses. They never carried anyone – for the Valar had meant for them to be free. As much as she loved the gentle Elf, she was certainly not willing to lower herself to the level of an ordinary warhorse. She would be free! With a last glance at her beloved companion of these last two weeks, Eirien of the Daisy Fields turned and set off at a run. It was time to return to her herd. Aghast, wiping the tears of regret off his face as the magnificent horse disappeared behind the hill, Glorfindel turned back to his dark-haired stallion, fastening the girth. "We must be off, little one," he crooned. "It is time for us to return south, to Rivendell. Shall you come with me?" The stallion whickered softly as the warrior lept back into the saddle. During the entire journey back to the Ford of Langwell, Glorfindel's sharp elvish eyes kept scanning the sunny plains for a glimpse of silver far off in the distance. He tarried long before he crossed the river, but eventually he rode on into the lands west of Anduin, frequently glancing over his shoulder until the silver ribbon of Langwell disappeared in the haze of the horizon. Even when he crossed the river Rhimdath he turned around – hoping, wishing, praying that the Lady of the Daisies had changed her mind…that she had followed him. He longed to see her galopping towards him, a white spot frolicking on the horizon, swiftly coming closer as she flew across the plains. But it was not to be. With tears of longing in his eyes and in his heart, the Balrog Slayer of Gondolin reached the road to the Old Ford and turned his dark-haired stallion towards the Misty Mountains, beginning the day-long ascent to the High Pass above the Hidden Dale. Elrond would be waiting for news. Celeborn would be waiting for news. With the quiet Peredhel of Sirion and his silver-haired elleth so close to forming a bond, the Sindarin Lord of Lothlórien had come to stay in Rivendell for a while, to oversee the courting and to support his beloved daughter in her choice. It followed naturally that the Sinda spent much of his time in the councils of Elrond. They would want intelligence on the movements of the orcs. They would debate for hours on the ventures of the orcs towards the Greenwood. Riders would be despatched to the son of Oropher and a patrol would be sent out to the northern vales of the Ettenmoors, he suspected. If the orcs were venturing east from Gundabad, they could as easily be venturing west, into Arnor. Perhaps Eldacar, son of Valandil, would lead the patrol himself, Glorfindel mused. He had trained the youth himself during the prince's fostering in Imladris. At thirty years of age, Eldacar was a worthy and noble swordsman and strategist, a natural born leader with a humble and gentle heart, though with a fierceness in battle that frightened his enemies. He was a future king to be reckoned with. If he asked Elrond, then perhaps he could ride out with a company of Elves to aid the son of the King on this mission, Glorfindel calculated. He longed to see his former charge again, and with Celeborn in the house to lead the defense of the Valley, Elrond could easily give his Chief of Defenses leave for another mission beyond the borders, he mulled. Giving himself a mental shake, Glorfindel guided his stallion up the steeply climbing path into the mountains. It was time to go home… TBC Translations: Rhimdath – Rushdown. A tributary of the Anduin , flowing down from the Misty Mountains about 60 miles north of the Carrock and some 60 miles south of the river Langwell. Its source is roughly opposite the source of the river Hoarwell, on the other side of the Misty Mountains. Hithaeglir – Misty Mountains Ered Mithrin – Grey Mountains elleth – elf-maiden Anor – Sindarin name of the sun eirien – daisy peredhel – half-elf