knew it had been the wrong thing to say. Legolas froze mid step, glancing fearfully at his father, who was suddenly glaring at the man as though he were a murderous traitor. The whole atmosphere between them radically changed, as fleetingly as a devastating flash flood. "My Lord I am sorry, I meant no offence"- he apologised quickly, but the damage was already done. "Kindly remove this mortal from my sight," Thranduil said to his son coldly. It was not a request, it was an order. Estel glanced from King to Prince hopelessly. Where mere moments ago Thranduil had been laughing with the Ranger, now he seethed at him, icy blue eyes poring in. Legolas gently took his arm and moved away to the dance floor. "First rule of banquets," he ground out through clenched jaws, "The King of Mirkwood does not dance." Estel could not catch his friend's eye and stammered apologies all the way across the hall and out into the gardens. He could tell he had asked something unbelievably wrong of the King, but he could not understand why, and now his friend would not even look at him! "Legolas please, I meant no offence, you must believe me," Aragorn pleaded at the prince sat him down on a bench while kneeling in front of him. Looking deep into the grey eyes, Legolas could easily see the fear and worry his friend thought he had caused. "Hush mellon nin," Legolas soothed gently. "I know you meant no more than what you asked. But I warned you… My father…" "But you are angry with me!" Legolas was shocked. "No Aragorn, no I am not. This is not your fault – if anyone is to blame, it is my father." "But you warned me, you said it yourself, and I"- The Prince shook his head helplessly, his face momentarily an unreadable expression. "Something – happened," he swallowed hard, forcing the words out, "A long time ago. It – my father has never fully recovered in – some aspects." "But I don't understand, he hates me, I could see it"- "No," Legolas cut in softly, "He does not hate you. He… Do not blame yourself, Estel. You were not to know." He sighed heavily. He did not want to lie to his friend but in all honesty… He would be surprised if next morning his father did not want him taken from the Kingdom. Inside, another merry jig had started up. "I do not think I want to join the feast anymore," Estel said brokenly. How could he have been so stupid? He should have known his place! Now he had ruined all chances all of any kind of respectful relationship with the King, with one swift and stupid comment! "No," agreed Legolas. "Perhaps that would be best." "I want to go to my room," he said just as quietly. He knew he was acting younger than he was and he felt it, but he suddenly felt ashamed in the presence of a friend who had been so worried of what he had just caused, with his blundering antics. Legolas nodded. The Ranger's room was far from the festivities, in a chamber next to his own. He would not hear the noise for the most part he hoped. "Come, I will take you." "No," started Estel at once. "No – I would rather have some time to think – alone. Perhaps I could find a way to earn forgiveness from your father; stranger things have happened." He smiled weakly. "They have indeed," the Prince agreed, squeezing the man's shoulder reassuringly. "Good night, Strider." With a final nod, Estel turned away and disappeared into the darkness of the gardens, crossing to another entrance near the living quarters. Legolas watched him go with a heavy heart, though he did not quite understand what his friend was feeling. He would speak with his father, but not tonight; the morning would serve him better. With another long sigh, he returned to the Hall, though remained seated in the corner for the rest of the evening and joined no more dances. In his room, Estel lay fully clothed on his bed. His mind was reeling; he knew not all Elves thought as kindly of men as those in Rivendell did, but he had not expected that… The glare the Elven King had pierced him with had been so severe and biting and – something he could not identify, but that did not trouble him. He did not wish to solve a riddle that would only hurt more. He closed his eyes tight shut. Tonight had been so good… Legolas' best friends had accepted him without question, something he had feared the entire journey to Mirkwood; and to have been so close to being approved by the King, and to have thrown it all away. The young Ranger balled his fists, and turned onto his side. Tomorrow, he would seek his brothers' advice, and ask them how he should proceed. Contented only slightly by that thought, he tried to slip into the realm of sleep, while across the grounds the distant sound of music continued. He breathed deeply and tried to block it out, but the softest of sounds caught his attention; it was faint and wavering, like a flower in a spring wind, but resilient and did not stop. Ignoring the feast, he focused in on it and found an unexplainable peace in the gentle song. He could not make out the words, but he could tell it was a child's tune of some kind; and listening to the balmy voice, he sent a silent prayer to the singer as he relaxed into a well earned sleep. So… What say you? I'm going to apologise for any typos, because I have a habit of making them constantly, so I beg your forgiveness my friends. Remember, that shiny button is your friend! Lol, and I said I don't write for reviews… sigh Loadsa love, Estel xxx