calf looked longingly at the cookie table, only a few feet away. After running through 25-year-old exercises in his head, he remembered a useful phrase from an old lesson. Success! But then he remembered that in Rhûnaic, imperatives changed based on who was being commanded. He sighed, and carefully looked around the side of the calf. It was a female calf. "Alkī!" Farmir commanded. Astonishingly, this time the calf followed him. He was glad he had at least avoided one diplomatic incident this day by not insulting the calf's gender. They made it across the Great Hall, and Lothíriel held the servants' door open for him. The calf clattered down the steps, her hooves ringing against the stones: Clap-clap, clap-clap. As they passed the level of the living quarters, they heard voices behind the access door. Faramir and Lothíriel froze. They could not be discovered! He looked around frantically. Behind him he felt a wall covering, and hurriedly grabbed one edge and shoved it over the calf. Lothíriel leaned nonchalantly against the large calf-shaped bump, waiting. Luckily, the footsteps paused, and then they heard the voices turn away again. Faramir and Lothíriel both let out their breath. He turned and looked at the wall covering. It was ancient and tattered, depicting the hated Queen Beruthiel of old and her cats. She did not seem happy to be put to such a use, let alone hidden away in a servants' passage. "Hey!" cried Lothíriel. "Give me that!" She jerked back from leaning on the calf-bump. The calf had taken up a mouthful of ribbon from her dress. "That's my favorite dress, you, you, … Easterling!" Faramir helped extract the slightly soggy and somewhat wrinkled sky blue ribbon. "We'll have to give her a name," he decided. Lothíriel looked up from straightening her dress. "How about … Amrûniel?" she suggested. "Girl of the Eastern Sunrise, in Sindarin?" Faramir chuckled. "Flowery, but it's as good as any. She could be a thing of legends: Amrûniel Hobbitsbane, Devourer of Dresses." He pondered whether he should ask Lothíriel to sacrifice one of her petticoats to muffle the calf's hooves, but decided moving swiftly was better than taking the added time to move stealthily. Faramir began walking again, and Amrûniel followed on her rope. Miraculously, they reached the level of the kitchens without anyone noticing. They would have to pass out the back door, though. Faramir looked knowingly at Lothíriel and gave her the "Scout ahead" signal he had taught her many years ago on one of his leaves, when he had played at being Rangers with Lothiriel and her brothers. She nodded and sauntered confidently from the back hallway into the kitchens. As he tugged again at the calf's halter rope, and headed toward the back door, he heard her bringing her mother's compliments to the cook on a recent banquet, and asking for the recipe. Like the good Ithilien Ranger he was, he paused at the door to survey the terrain for potential obstacles. From the back door of the kitchens, he could see the way to the royal stables, but he would have to cross some open ground to get there directly. Faramir decided to stick to the colonnade lining the walkways, with their deepening shadows providing better concealment. "Alkī, Amrûniel!" he whispered. He hoped he would not confuse her by mixing Rhûnaic and Sindarin. They proceeded stealthily along the darkening walkway. Suddenly, around the corner, the king appeared. Faramir stopped and did his best to nudge Amrûniel into an alcove with his hip. Faramir's heart went up in his throat when the king noticed him and paused. "Good evening, Faramir," said Aragorn. "What brings you here?" "Good evening to you as well, my Lord. I finished my paperwork and thought I would take a stroll. The Healers say that I need to keep up my exercise to restore my strength after my illness." Aragorn nodded and squinted into the charcoal darkness behind Faramir. "And what is that you have there?" Faramir swallowed hard. He hoped it was sufficiently dark under the overhang. "A pony, my Lord, for the hobbits. I am just returning it to the royal stables after exercising it." He hoped Eru would forgive his lie, but he had to get Amrûniel far away from the scene of her near-disaster. Aragorn nodded. "I am sure they will enjoy it. Until tomorrow morning, then." "Until tomorrow," said Faramir, trying not to betray the strangled feeling in his voice. He waited a moment until Aragorn was further away, and then yanked at Amrûniel's halter. "Moo," she said. Aragorn paused, cocked his ear to the air, and then continued walking. From there it was clear scouting to the royal stables. It seemed that the Valar were smiling upon him, because he quickly found a free stall. Faramir made sure that Amrûniel's manger was filled with good things to eat, not sweet biscuits, and was filling a bucket with water when Lothíriel arrived, out of breath. "Success?" he asked. She laughed as she leaned against the wall. "The kitchen staff will be none the wiser, but I hope my mother is not too surprised when she unexpectedly receives Cook's recipe via palace messenger tomorrow." Faramir joined her leaning against the wall, and laughed as he regarded the calf in her stall. He took a deep breath. His heart certainly felt lighter than it had in days. "Do you realize we can never tell anyone about this?" she said. "Mother would faint." "I suppose I will need to apologize to Herengil." Faramir shook his head. "It was unlike me to lose my temper. I have had so many new responsibilities as Steward." "This has been quite the adventure- more exciting than seeing ropes of pearls! At least we saved the pastries," Lothíriel mused. "But what a hobbitish sort of adventure," Faramir interrupted. He closed the door of the Amrûniel's stall, and with one last look behind them, they left the royal stables arm in arm.