gone numb, though he had only to wait until he put down the pack and cloak before they began to add their complaints again. He thought about his options. If he was being forced to start all over again—which, by the way, he was—where would he like to start over again that he wasn't now forbidden to go? Rauros Falls came to mind, and with it the forest around Amon Hen, but that idea he discarded almost immediately. Faramir and Aragorn went there every year to visit the spot where Boromir had fallen and pay their respects to the man. He used to go with them, until now. He would not go there and risk being discovered. Even if it was unclaimed territory he had no desire ever to see the son of Arathorn again after what had taken place only minutes before. To the east he would not go, and the south was already ruled out. West would lead him into the mountains, and Rohan. So that left the north. Legolas would not settle on the Wetwang, but if he continued on Northwest he'd eventually reach the Misty Mountains. His heart clenched again as images of Rivendell and Mirkwood danced across his mind, as well as those of his father, Elrond and the twins. And of Estel, and of happier, carefree days when they were as close as blood kin, and the thought of betraying one another was an unspeakable evil. Well, there was of course one time when they'd been forced to cast out poor Elrohir in order to flush out one of the many nutcases who'd somehow gotten it into his head that he could bring down the House of Elrond, but that had of course only been a ruse. Elrohir wasn't particularly happy when he found out that his ordeal had all been because he was the chosen bait, but he'd forgiven them after a few months, knowing that they'd only wished to cease the attacks on their family. Legolas smiled in spite of himself. That had been quite the adventure. And they didn't even need to leave home to find it! Tears welled up in his eyes, as he wondered what Elrohir and Elladan would have to say once they found out about his banishment. Honestly, he wasn't really certain he wanted to know. Seeing such a look of disgust and hatred on Aragorn had been bad enough. Seeing the same look on the twins' faces as well… That really would drive him over the edge and into death. His mind also supplemented the same question in regards to his father and the hobbits and Gimli, and Legolas shook his head fiercely to make his thoughts travel different paths. There were some things that were of more critical for him to be thinking of. Others, he'd rather not think of at all. So, if the Misty Mountains were a no, then where else was there? Where could he go that no one would ever find him? Where he could start over again completely and never have any more reminders of what he had lost than the brands, the collar, and his own memories. The wind blew then, carrying with it a chill from the high peaks of the mountains. The chill, and the thought of snow from the high places brought to the surface of his mind a long forgotten passage he'd read long ago, while studying maps and the different peoples of Middle Earth with his tutor. Back when he used to spend more time in the great wood. Far to the north of the Misty Mountains and Mirkwood and Angmar and the Grey Mountains there was a land as barren as the deserts of the south, but cold and icy as the tops of the mountains. Snow was almost perpetual there, save for the very height of summer. The people there were said to be strange. They had little to no contact with the lands south of their wintry world, nor did they care. Very little was known about them, and most of the information came from accounts in the second age, when the men of Numenor lost one of the Palatiri in the Icebay of Forochel. Theirs was a world like nothing else in Middle Earth, and if ever Legolas wished for a new beginning, this was definitely his best chance at one. Of course the people of the north could turn him away, or worse, should they realize what his brands and the collar on his neck signified. But they could just as easily decide they didn't care, and give him a new life, one that was at least as removed as he could get from the terrible end of the life he knew before. Hope may be frail, Elrond had once said, but it's almost impossible to kill. Indeed, the Elven Lord's words rang true as hope flared in Legolas' heart once more, and he knew his decision was made. He would go north, his fate in the hands of the Valar and the people of icy Forodwaith. With a direction to go in, Legolas lengthened his stride, determined to make the best of his three days and get out of Gondor. Overhead, the sun looked down on the golden-haired elf, and on the White City that had forsaken him. The guards on top of the wall watched the elf until he was out of sight. The elf never looked back. TBC… A/N : Well, when the plotbunny bit I didn't think it would bite that hard. Now at 12:45 at night and after more than half a day spent at my computer, this is the result. Let me know what you think, and whether or not I should continue. Should the answer be yes, next chapter will show the aftermath of Legolas' rather spectacular expulsion from Gondor, as well as how our intrepid elf is doing. And yes, people will be having words with Aragorn. /grin/ Farewell for now.