surrounding his sons began to die down, and the minstrels began to play a quiet lilting rhythm from the corner. He hummed to himself, drumming out the beat with his long, slender figures. The longer he watched, the more he noticed Estel remaining silent, resting his head in his hands, his eyes drooping. The Rangers about him gradually began to drift back towards their sleeping quarters, clapping the young man lightly on the back as they left. Sighing deeply, the Elven Lord drew himself to his feet and paced down the table, coming to rest behind Estel's chair. Glorfindel watched him idly from beside Elrohir across the table, smiling at the exhausted human. "Estel, you need to rest," Elrond said softly, leaning over and speaking in his son's ear. Estel nodded absently in response, leaning back in his chair and looking upwards at his father. His pupils were wide in the half light of the fire, his cheeks a rosy red from the wine. A sleepy smile brushed his lips before a yawn escaped him, which he hastily hid with a hand. "Let your brothers take you to your rooms," Elrond implored, laying a gentle hand on his son's head. For once, the young man did not argue but allowed Elladan to pull him to his feet. Elrohir joined him from the other side of the table, and between them they began supporting Estel towards the stairs. Three calls of, "Goodnight, father," floated to his ears before they disappeared up out of view. Erestor chuckled lightly as they went. "I strongly suspect our respite of peace may be over, my friend." Elrond released a deep sigh, still looking at the staircase. "Why do I get the feeling you are right, Erestor?" "I am always right," came the grinning response as Elrond settled himself back down in a vacant chair. "Here we go again," Glorfindel said, rolling his eyes. "Oh bother the pair of you," Elrond reprimanded good-naturedly, refilling his goblet. Upstairs, Elladan continued to hold his human brother upright whilst Elrohir dimmed the small lamps around Estel's room. Slowly, they lowered him down to his bed, rewarded by a soft groan as he sank into the deep feather mattress. Elrohir knelt by his feet, nimbly pulling off the tired man's boots and swinging his legs around, allowing him to lie down. "Must you still treat me like a child?" Estel muttered drowsily, his words slurred by wine and sleep. "Only so long as you act like one," Elrohir replied, quietly tittering to himself. Estel gave a soft snort in reply, his eyes already fighting to close. "Don't," Elladan commanded, laying a hand on his brother's forehead; "Stop fighting it Estel, and just sleep. You are home now, and you are safe." "Not with you two around..." "Hush now, little brother," Elrohir said, crossing his arms as he rose to lean against his twin, stifling his own yawn. "Go to sleep." One last smile ghosted across Estel's lips as he finally gave into his body's demands. The twins stood sentinel over him for a few minutes, listening as the man's breathing became deep and steady. Gently, they between them pulled the duvet up to his chest. Elrohir fought against a second yawn. "You are as bad as him," Elladan tutted, nudging his twin from the room. "Oh be quiet, you mother hen," Elrohir retorted, leaning against the doorframe and casting a final look over his sleeping brother. "Or save your mothering for him, at least." Bickering, they closed the door to and headed for their own rooms, leaving Estel to wander safe, at long last, in the dreams of his family, and his home. -0- Far away in the starlight, westward across the wild of Eriador and past the weathered top of Amon Sûl, a lone hunched figure stole out of the Prancing Pony Inn in the town of Bree. Limping slightly, a heavy hood covered its head so that only steam rising in the frosty air gave a clue to the hidden face. Gloved hands tightly gripped a gnarled walking stick as it headed for the stables, swinging it in low circles upon the ground immediately in front of it. Whistling lowly, a response came in the form of a soft whiney from one of the stables, and the head of a golden horse poked outwards, searching for her mistress. She knew that she could wait until daylight before she travelled – but she had lingered here long enough; and besides, the cloudless sky provided more than enough light for her horse to find her way by. She preferred travelling by night anyway; it was purer somehow, and always much easier to detect the approach of another traveller. She saddled the mare with some difficulty, always reaching out with her hands to feel the soft warmth before pulling on the bridle, and tightening the girth. Struggling up into the seat, she gripped the pommel tightly as her arthritic knees screamed in protest. Getting used to her body's ageing creaks had taken some time, and she was still not altogether pleased with it. Perhaps he would have something to dim the pain, even if only for a while. Her horse nickered softly, and she nudged forward as her rider settled herself. Carefully tucking her cloak in around her, the figure whispered something too low for mortal ears; but the mare responded immediately, setting off at a brisk trot toward the town gates. The guard grunted at her ill-humouredly, but did not deny her passage, and soon she had left the lights of Bree behind her, glimmering on their hill top. This journey, her final journey, took her eastward; and following the road lit like a silver ribbon in the starlight, she headed for her destination in the silent night. And with every step the golden mare took, a shadow stirring in the North grew stronger, and sped on dark winds ever southward... To be continued Please R&R Loadsa love, Estel xxx