of protest. "From surrendering myself so to my Lord… yes," he admitted softly, and Haldir laughed once more, appreciatively kneading the firm flesh. "He truly is indulgent then – but I refuse to spoil you so. You can whimper and rub yourself against me all you want, but if you forget yourself and spill your essence, it will be the whip for you… after you have cleaned everything up with that sweet, talented mouth of yours," he threatened in a dark voice and was rewarded by a shudder of fear and excitement that ran through the prince. Once more he petted the firm, round buttocks, then raised his hand to let a stinging slap follow, chuckling at the way Legolas yelped, although it was more from shock than pain as of yet. More slaps followed, the pale skin growing rosy and warm beneath his palm while Legolas' whimpers increased, and his length now rested hot and hard against Haldir's thigh. "I think you enjoy this too much for a punishment… Let us see if you will still be as needy once I finally have you sobbing, little prince," Haldir murmured, growing a little breathless himself at the way Legolas' breath began to hitch, until finally the skin beneath his hand was a bright red, and hot to the touch. Legolas was crying, as he had known he would, sobbing softly although at first he had tried to suppress it, and when Haldir paused to appreciatively squeeze the firm, hot buttocks once more, he whimpered submissively, his face wet with tears even though his arousal still rested hot and hard against Haldir's thigh. "Had enough for now?" Haldir said knowingly, patting the reddened skin to hear the prince whimper again. "So... it seems that your Lord truly has you well-trained. Still all needful! But unlike him, that is not something I am going to indulge." He slapped the prince's thigh in dismissal and watched him slide down to the floor to kneel there, miserable like a chastised, out-of-favor pet. Legolas was still crying, although he had lowered his head so that his pale-golden hair fell like a veil to hide him from Haldir's gaze, and the Marchwarden smiled to see it. "You cry like a maiden," he said, smirking again although there was no true malice in his voice. Legolas made a sniffling sound behind his hair, as if trying to hold back his sobs, yet he was not successful, and Haldir's smile widened at how there was no protest now even at that most hated epithet of all. "I expect you need to be soothed like a maiden as well?" he asked, arching an eyebrow as he watched the youth impassively, but then he opened his arms, the smirk vanishing from his face to be supplanted by an expression of true sorrow when Legolas gratefully came to be held close in his arms as he wept. "Yes, weep," he said compassionately, his voice soft as at last, all playfulness had vanished. "We all weep with you, cousin... There are no words for what has been lost to us. Alas, a great light has passed from this world, and has left us in a place much colder and darker." He gently combed through the soft hair, closing his own eyes in sorrow when in the distance, he could hear the soft, plaintive notes of a lament for Mithrandir. There was a hot, wet patch on his shoulder where Legolas' tears had soaked through the cloth of his uniform, and with a sigh, Haldir turned his head to rest it against Legolas', his own tears of grief spilled into the silk of the prince's hair. "Take what strength you need, Prince," he said softly. "Sleep in my arms tonight, and allow yourself to forget for a while. I know that I am not your Lord, yet you humble us all with this task you have taken. My companionship, my dominance, my whip – you shall have what you need from me." Legolas shuddered in his arms, too overcome by grief to speak, so that Haldir slowly sank back, keeping the prince in his arms until they both came to rest on the bed. "You have grown strong and brave, Prince," the Marchwarden whispered against his ear, his voice rough with emotion. "You are an example to us all. And as your Lord foretold so many years ago, it is your pure heart, your compassion, that puts us all to shame. I could not do this task you took on yourself – yet I watched you stand unflinchingly before our Lady." "I do not desire power," Legolas whispered against his shoulder, "I never have. What I desire most – the love of they who are most important to me – I already am certain of. There is nothing the ring can promise me, for my wants are simple. I want my family's love, and a quiet, peaceful life... and I shall have that." He sighed once, then finally looked up to give Haldir a trembling smile. "Maybe I would like to give my Lord another child as well, but that, too, is not something the ring can grant. No... Soon, we shall leave these shores, no matter how it all ends, and then we shall truly be happy – the only danger upon those days my Lord decides to hunt the wild boar." "And you well deserve it, too," Haldir sighed, "even though I have never desired that kind of life for myself. Yet I wager your Lord is well-equipped to bring a different kind of excitement even to the tranquil days and nights of Aman..." He raised a hand to gently wipe some of the tears from Legolas' cheeks, then pressed a chaste kiss to his brow. "Sleep, Prince. Find what rest you can in my arms. While you are here, you are mine to protect, so dream of your Lord and another golden-locked child, and trust me to guard your sleep."