But Glorfindel was quicker. He had held his free hand below Estel's napkin, and when the child blew his raspberry, Glorfindel quickly held the cloth in front of the toddler's mouth, keeping the porridge inside. Paying no further attention to the fact that the child had 'done the forbidden', Glorfindel waited until Estel swallowed, and then shoveled another spoonful into the waiting mouth. Once again the quick use of the napkin prevented the porridge from flying around pointy ears. "Elladan, first of all you need to remember that when children begin to play with their food, they either do not like it, or it means they have had enough," Erestor smiled. "And you tell me now?" Elladan groaned. "When you laughed about his antics, you rewarded and encouraged him," the Seneschal pointed out. "He believes it is an exciting game. Can you see how you brought this upon yourself?" "I do now," nodded Elladan, smiling at the bemused expression on the child's face as Glorfindel wordlessly pressed the napkin against his mouth. "The key is to make it very boring for him to blow his raspberries," Erestor finished. "And not to keep telling him off, for that too is a response." True enough, without any response from his caretakers save the napkin pressed against his mouth, the little Dunadan soon lost his interest in continuing his folly. When Glorfindel scraped the last bits of porridge from the bowl, the napkin was no longer used. "There, finished!" Glorfindel smiled, showing Estel the empty bowl and holding out his hands to lift the toddler from his chair. "Fly!" Estel squealed. "Ai, little one. No flying now! You must wait for your meal to settle," Erestor intervened before the blond could comply. "You may sit by the fire with Glorfindel and sing songs." "I can do that," Elladan offered, holding out his hands to take the child. But the Seneschal tutted and shook his head. The Chief of the Kitchens had quite a different idea in mind! Erestor held up the wet rag and pointedly gave it to the twin. "I believe you have other duties to finish before you can play with the child, young one. You shall first clean up my kitchen floor – and then you will take a bath and change your clothes!" o-o-o Erestor stretched his feet towards the fire as he sipped his tea. The sleeping child on Glorfindel's chest snored softly, and Caradhras lay rolled up on the Seneschal's lap, purring contentedly. The raven-haired Noldo was certain that, by now, Elladan would be filling in his twin on the events in the kitchen. He hoped fervently that today's lesson would bear some fruit! Fifty years earlier, a rambunctious ten-year-old Arathorn had arrived in Rivendell to be fostered, just like his ancestors before him. Though Elladan and Elrohir had mostly been away hunting orcs with the rangers, they had had no qualms whatsoever to undo nearly all of Erestor's efforts to raise the child whenever they had returned to Imladris. Taking great delight in planning mischief together with the eager young lad, the twins had turned a blind eye to the consequences for the child, who had routinely continued his boisterous pranks even after the sons of Lord Elrond had left on yet another of their missions. Arathorn son of Arador had been more than a handfull for the Elves of the Last Homely House. For, inspired by the Twin-Masters of Mischief, the lad had gone out of his way to live up to their example, which unfortunately had also cost him dearly. The number of hours spent in punishment time had been higher than any of his caretakers had liked. And yet…each and every time the twins returned home, the youngest Heir of Isildur had forgotten all of his promises to Elrond and his staff, and had fallen back into his mischievous ways. If he could prevent it, Erestor would not have a repeat of that situation with young Aragorn! The little one stirred and snuggled closer to the Balrog Slayer's chest. A silent tear dripped down Erestor's cheek as he remembered the endless hours he had spent chasing the inexhaustible child Arathorn. Never again would Erestor hear the raucous laughter sounding up the hallway if the shaggy ranger unexpectedly came to visit. Never again would the boisterous Dunadan barge into the kitchen and lift the Seneschal off his feet to spin him around. Never again would he… A gentle hand was placed upon Erestor's forearm. "I miss him, too..." Glorfindel spoke softly. "I shall miss rolling him through the mud in hand to hand combat, and chasing him away from my biscuits…and I shall miss teaching him about the stars and the Valar, and learning new dwarf-songs from him during the night's watch… But now we have this little one to take care of, mellon nín. Let him heal your heart, for he needs our love." Glorfindel carefully placed the sleeping child in Erestor's arms. "Let him sleep here with you for a while and let me take care of you. Would you like some tea?" The fire crackled peacefully when Glorfindel brought a tray with muffins and tea, and then quietly set to work setting up the pieces on the chessboard. "Now… If I win, you will help me bathe Lord Talon here. If you win…" THE END Translations: tithen pen – little one peredhel – half-elven (singular) elleth - elf-maiden mellon nín - my friend AN: Dear readers and friends, I must ask you for some patience with the long intervals between my updates. I am facing challenges with my health, which have been inhibiting my ability to write. Updates for 'A Prank On Glorfindel' and 'Glorfindel and the Mearas' are planned, as well as a new story about Celeborn and the twins. But like you, I must wait for healthy days before these updates can be written. Many thanks to Ivy and Puddley for their encouragement and help with this chapter! Esteliel