selfish toward you, Sam. It was cruel of me to imply that your love for Rosie was shallow and to try and force you to choose between us." "I know you didn't mean it," Sam assured him. Frodo couldn't bear to tell Sam that he had meant it. For Sam he would have gladly worn a dress every day for the rest of his life. He would change his name, grow out his hair, and act like a lass in every sense of the word if it was what Sam wanted. But he couldn't tell him that. And he couldn't tell Sam how good his hand felt in his hair and how comforting his presence was. He couldn't tell him how badly he wanted to pull him down on top of him and hug him close and kiss him over and over and never let him go, and that even though Sam was right there, Frodo ached for him. "All the same," he finally said, closing his eyes. "I understand if you would prefer not to have me at your wedding anymore." Sam's hand stilled. When he didn't say anything, Frodo opened his eyes and was shocked to see Sam with his mouth agape and his eyes shiny. "How can you say that, sir?" he asked. "Of course I want you there! I wouldn't even think of keeping you out." Frodo gave a watery smile. "Thank you. That's nice to know." He rested quietly for a bit and then noticed that Sam still looked hurt. "Master Frodo," Sam said. "Are you trying to tell me that- that you don't want to come to my wedding?" The way he said it, like his very heart had been broken, made Frodo lose control and begin to cry again. "Oh Sam, I do want to go, I promise! I just-" He swallowed hard to try and keep back the sobs. "It's just going to be hard, Sam. It's going to be really hard to see you love someone else." Sam shook his head. "Master Frodo, I do love you-" "Don't say that!" Frodo cried. He sobbed and his head felt like it would burst open. "Please Sam, don't say you love me. Say that you're fond of me, that you care for me, but don't ever say that you love me. I can't bear to hear it and know you don't mean it the way I want you to." Sam grabbed Frodo's hand and stroked it, and when Frodo had calmed down, he spoke. "If you don't want to come, I sure can't make you. But I want you there more than anyone else." He got off the bed and kissed Frodo's temple before leaving. "Get some rest and feel better," he said, and shut the door, leaving Frodo with a wound worse than anything a wraith could give him. Like most hobbit-grooms, Sam spent a good deal of his wedding being nervous. But unlike most hobbit-grooms, he wasn't nervous about getting married. He kept his eyes on Mr. Frodo until it was time for the ceremony. He was relieved that his master was here, but afraid he might have drunk himself silly again. But as it turned out, Mr. Frodo seemed happier for him than Sam could have thought possible. He clapped, he smiled. Even when Sam kissed his bride and carried her across the threshold, Frodo looked as thrilled as anyone else, and though he was looking at a distance, Sam could see nothing in his eyes that said otherwise. Rosie, who knew nothing about what had happened, at one point asked Frodo to dance, and he politely obliged her. Sam watched them closely the whole time, but the conversation between them was limited mostly to the weather and what sort of flowers Rosie had chosen for the decorations. The only oddity Sam could tell was that he kept fingering the pendant given to him by the elves. Otherwise, Frodo seemed so normal that Sam was beginning to wonder if he had dreamt the drunken episode. Or maybe ale was ale, Sam thought. Maybe Mr. Frodo never really meant all those things he said, and the drink was making him talk all queer. Or maybe he had overcome his feelings. Maybe he no longer felt anything for Sam besides friendship. But just to be sure, when they parted late that night, Sam did not tell Frodo he loved him. Frodo barely left his home after that. He threw himself into finishing the book and did not allow himself to think of anything else. He wrote and rewrote and edited until it was perfect. He weathered through his illnesses as best he could, and refrained from speaking much to anyone outside his family. He'd had many other friends in the Shire before leaving it, but he no longer felt any interest in them. For a few years, this worked out fine. Though he'd been an emotional mess after the wedding and when Elanor was born, he had been able to distract himself sufficiently until the book was finished. As long as he was writing, he wasn't thinking of Sam. But once it was finished, Frodo no longer felt useful. All the other members of the Fellowship were starting families and cultivating relationships between races, and here he was just sitting around taking up space. It was a relief when he answered a knock on the door and encountered a strange man on horseback. "I am a messenger sent by Gandalf the White. You are Mr. Baggins?" "Yes." "Gandalf has asked me to pass along this letter from the elves." He handed a long slip of parchment to Frodo and stood there patiently while the hobbit read it. When he had finished, the man spoke again. "Of course, he does not expect you to decide right away. He's given you three months to send him your answer." Frodo looked the man in the eye. "He can have it now. My answer is yes."