took a moment with the black cloak and dark clothes for him to find any sign of a wound, but at last he noticed the line of shining fabric. He touched it gingerly and felt that the cloth there was hot and sticky. Considering it for a moment, the boy then reached forward and pulled the fabric aside to reveal the torn skin and muscle. Gently, he probed the wound and heard the man gasp as his fingers reached the deepest part, toward the bottom of the diagonal line. The boy peered closer to investigate and discovered that the man's bottom rib was peeking through the parted flesh and that the cut deepened just beneath it. At last he stepped back and rubbed the blood off his hands. "You're going to need to have that taken care of, Mahtiraq," he said at last, as if making a pronouncement. "Told you so!" chirped Habra as she grinned from ear to ear. Mahtiraq turned around slowly, a grimace still on his face and looking somewhat paler than he had a moment ago. "It'll be fine. It didn't hit anything important and it's not exactly going to bleed me out," he replied. "Bleeding isn't what I'm worried about. You're cut to the bone, infection is going to set in soon if you don't do anything about it," the boy countered. "I have some skill in healing. I'll tend to it." "What? You mean to say that you can reach behind you and sew that up?" "Both of you!" the woman called out in warning, immediately silencing their squabbling. "Mahtiraq, I will not have someone who rescued my daughter suffer the effects of infection. Come here." The man looked around, seeming rather unsure of what he should do, but in the end, Habra's mother left little room for argument and he stepped forward. "Turn around now, and hold still. I'll need to get my things," she said, standing up and disappearing behind one of the doors before she returned with a small basket in hand. "Habra, see to it that the goats aren't wandering off. No doubt you forgot to close the gate." The girl's ebony eyes widened and a sheepish grin came over her face, then, quite suddenly, she was gone, racing off to do as she was told. "Now that she's out of my way I can get to work," the mother muttered. "Take your cloak and tunic off." After a cautious glance over his shoulder, Mahtiraq complied. Perhaps he had decided that the middle aged woman would not seek to spit him with the sewing needle she waved about to punctuate her words. At first he felt nothing but pain as she applied some stinging paste to the wound. Involuntarily, he jerked away from it, but quickly regained his self-control and allowed her to finish. Then she settled into the monotonous, albeit uncomfortable, motion of sewing the cut closed. While his mother was working diligently on the stranger, the young man pulled up a chair and perched upon it like a hawk. "Forgive our assumptions, Mahtiraq," the young man said. "These are trying times and one would not look for such kindness from a Northman. They are said to be thieves and murderers." "Who says this?" Mahtiraq demanded, the lines of his face straining with anger. "Everyone." "Everyone?" "Our neighbors, our relatives, the warriors, and Sauron the Great most of all," the lad replied with a shrug. "Sauron the…?" A bitter laugh escaped the stranger's mouth as he shook his head in disbelief. "Do not believe all that you hear. These sources of yours are greatly mistaken, or else are liars. While some of my kindred occupy themselves with such unsavory lives, most are valiant and true. You would be hard pressed to find one man in twenty that would not have rushed to your sister's aid." "Do not speak ill of Sauron. You have our thanks for what you've done, but Northmen, as a rule, are not welcome in these lands. You press your luck by insulting our master." "Master. So then you are his slaves." "His people." "How often do you have problems with the warriors who come through your lands?" Mahtiraq asked. The boy was silent for a long moment, and then looked downward. Taking that as reply enough, the Northman continued. "Then either Sauron cannot control his men or he allows them to mistreat you so." "Silence! Mother, stop! We must send this man from our lands now! We show him kindness and he repays us with speaking treason in our home." "What? Are his spies sitting with their ears to the windows and doors, waiting for one incriminating word so that they can drag you from your homes in the middle of the night, never to be seen or heard from again?" "I warned you, stranger!" "Peace! I am finished." A long, uncomfortable silence stretched out then and all was still save for the mother's hand and the needle she held in it. At last, the mother's voice pierced the silence. "My daughter said that you killed two of them and that the third escaped," she stated. "Yes. I would not have slain the two, save they left me with no choice." "You mistake me, Mahtiraq. It would have been better had you killed all three. Now the one will spread word of your deed and more warriors will come to try to deal out your punishment." "And so I have drawn their attention to you? I am sorry for that, then." "You can't stay here." "I know that well enough. I meant to have already left these parts." "Where will you go? Back to the North?" "No. I came here to learn of your people, and I still mean to." "I would counsel you to return to your homeland nonetheless. The penalty for assaulting warriors is severe." "I will not." "Then we will help you as we may, but you must be gone before nightfall."