kept to a minimum, aiming to reduce the tinder and dry wood to hot ashes in which to 'bake' the trout, thereby concealing their presence. Thor used a package of sea salt secured within an oilskin pouch to rub into the flesh of the de-scaled trout. Soon enough the fish and fire were married together and the men now sat in companionable silence until their supper was cooked. Thor closed his eyes, for he had the human form of a guard dog seated beside him, and so why not utilize his talent? The sound of squelching cracked one of Thor's grey eyes open and he pivoted his head to focus upon his lanky Adjutant as he wriggled like an eel to shuck his saturated clothing. Undeniably this performance was hilarious, and it took Thor all his self control to prevent himself from laughing out loud. "It is akin to watching a conger eel skin itself," said Denethor. "Do not feel obliged to aid me," said Gil with sarcasm. "I should removed those boots first, were I you. Every lower garment shall merely be log-jammed if you do not," Thor opined. "…meh," said Gil, beginning to contemplate allowing the clothing to dry in situ . It was the opportunity of a life time, to place one's boot upon the backside of the Heir to the Stewardship, and quite legitimately shove! There came a gigantic sucking sound, and the left boot and Thor were launched towards the ground. The Captain General listened for any suggestion of laughter, for if the lanky enigma behind him even sniggered Denethor would wring his neck! Not one to leave any task half done, Thor once again presented his buttock, and once again he and a boot full of river water spilled onto the ground. "My thanks," said Gil, and Thor could not detect so much as a crease line about that mobile mouth that betrayed humour. "Yes, well, you had best spread your clothing to dry, borrow my cloak, only do not get fishy paw prints upon it," said Denethor, as he scooped away the hot ashes and manoeuvred the parcels of leaves stuffed with trout onto the grass. Both men were too hungry to observe any niceties other than a brief swivel of the head towards the West in an abbreviated form of the Standing Grace. From that moment onwards they fell silent out of respect for the fish. The clouds scudding across the face of Ithil offered brief shafts of light by which to eat. The pink flesh fairly melted away from the bones, and the two men only now realized how hungry they had been. There followed a noisy round of finger licking, and chin swabbing, and Gil burped delicately against his balled fist. "Those fish did not die in vain," said the captain from Rohan. "One agrees," said Denethor. "I regret they were not swimming in company with friends, seconds would have been welcomed." "Not even for you am I going back into that river," Gil chuckled. "Not even?" Denethor's eyes became misted, and it was not the smoke rising from the dulling ashes that caused him to swipe one hand across them. "For you I would stop an arrow, for that it is what brothers in arms do for one another. For you I would gladly lay down my life; again…it is what we soldiers do. Going back into that freezing river to catch you another trout? That my friend would be well above the call of duty," said the northerner. "Throughout all of my life I could have any servant bring me any number of trout, but you are the first brother in arms who has offered to die for me. I never shall forget your loyalty, Thorongil of Rohan." "Not tonight, nor tomorrow, but one day," whispered the one whose name meant 'Eagle of the Star'. ooOoo Present "That shall never happen, father, you will surely never forget such a man as Thorongil," Boromir asked anxiously. "Nor have I," said Denethor, "for much of the time he and I spent together in Gondor's service shall remain with me forever." "Will you cook trouts… trout …for Boromir, and Ancir, and me sometime, papa?" Faramir begged. "When next your brother and Ancir come to visit from Dol Amroth," said Denethor, glancing towards his heir to see his reaction. Boromir dipped his head submissively, for like Thorongil, he, too, would give his all for Denethor of the House of Hurin. "Did someone say there were gifts?" Caranthir said, galloping to his brother's rescue. Now came the time for the gift giving, to fetch the night to a close, and permit the young ones to go to their beds. Boromir received a jewelled dagger, and the promise that when he was grown there would be a sword crafted especially for him. Faramir was informed that a cream pony was being brought from Lossarnach in the next week, that it was being broken to harness before being delivered. Ancir, passionate about the history of Numenor, was given a tome that he took immediately to the window seat where he began to devour it without pause. Then Denethor took Faramir to one side, and there some collaboration took place, and Faramir approached his brother and said: "Thank you for my wooden fort, brother, and this is my gift to you, a whelp, just like you always wanted!" Boromir took the day old, still blind, snuffling bundle of hound, and hugged it to his chest before it must be returned to Rana. "He is beautiful, Faramir. I shall name him Torrin!" "Happy Yuletide, Boromir," said Faramir. "Happy Yuletide, little brother!" said Boromir, and together they gazed out over the Pelennor, at the last of the little ships with their flickering lights. ooOoo The end Season's blessings to all my readers, it is good to be back, to re-visit with familiar names, and meet new ones, and may you all have a very happy holiday! Evendim Mettare