his head. "And Feridir looks as if he has ten thumbs. I feared he would drop the babe before he managed to hand him to me." "Your grandfather was the same with our first," she said, and laughed a little. "Though Dírlach was near a month old before his father met him. And I was so sick with fatigue and loneliness I vowed he would be there to welcome the next if I had to trudge into the Wild to find him myself when my time drew near." "And did you?" "No. The next time he managed to arrange his furlough for the end of my term, and your mother was born into his hands…" She trailed away, remembering. Remembering the wonder in Dírhael's face, the way he would hardly surrender their daughter back to her. Even now his eyes would soften when he spoke of her, and often he wished aloud that she would come home, back to her folk in the Angle. Dírhael did not understand why she chose to stay within the valley walls of Imladris, in that place where time seeped in strange currents and a year could slip away minnow-quick between one moonrise and the next. The only mortal woman among the great of the Firstborn, her son no longer there to mark the passage of time with his perpetual changing, babe to stripling boy to gallant warrior. Dírhael did not see. He would have gone himself to fetch her home if he thought she would be fetched. But Ivorwen understood. If Gilraen returned to them, she would join the ranks of wives and mothers who watched furtively from the windows, trying to be discreet in their uneasiness. Once already, Gilraen's vigilance had been rewarded with a man returned to her sheeted tight for the tomb. Ivorwen glanced at the man who knelt alongside her, lean-faced and wide-shouldered, Arathorn's somber mouth and shaggy hair, Gilraen's determined chin, and in those rare moments, her eyes alight with mischief… Easier to watch over this one from the distant vale he now so rarely returned to. Watch over him in wish and thought only, and not bear the ache of seeing him well and sound, only to send him again to his toil with naught to guard him but a mother's heart-bare supplication breathed towards the West... Ivorwen understood. More so in the last days with the cold bed empty beside her, filled only by creeping uneasy dreams of great untrammeled spaces and black caverns in the earth. Loneliness was a pale, clammy bedmate with spidery fingers that clung in the dark, and Ivorwen understood and pried the fingers loose with bright candlelight and hot honeyed tea and with whispered entreaties to be well, and be watched over, wherever you are… And with weeding, she thought wryly, shaking loose a clod of dirt. And Gilraen kept the loneliness at bay with the fair voices and forgetfulness that was the Last Homely House. Someday, though, she may want to remember again. "I think last week's was the final frost," said Aragorn, and Ivorwen glanced to see him sitting on his sound heel looking away towards the east. The crabapple tree that stooped over the border wall was darkening with buds. Soon it would blaze into blossom, and the fragrance would finger through Ivorwen's bedroom window in the final gloom of the early mornings and caress the skin of her cheek in the dark. "Hmph," she said, and the final wiry tangle of pigweed grudgingly released its hold on her herb-bed with a pop . She might have sprawled backwards for the second time that morning had her grandson not put out that quick hand and steadied her. "Thank you," she said, and he smiled and squeezed her shoulder and pulled up a final shoot of bright clover. The bed was black and damp, studded now only with herbs. Aragorn smoothed the churned-up earth with a sweep of his hand and then snapped off a sprig of spearmint. "A week, you told me," he said, and stuck the mint between his teeth and began to chew it. Ivorwen sighed. A week it had been, and his crutch was on the kindling pile, and the night before when she had brought him supper he had been sitting in front of the hearth patching a tear in his saddle skirts. She'd had to clear away sword and dagger and whetstone and awl and scraps of leather and fleece to make room for the soup-kettle on the tabletop. And he had said nothing, nothing but murmured thanks and niceties about the weather, but she had known by his repairs and restlessness that his furlough was drawing to a close. "A week," she said aloud, and rose and offered him her hand to pull him standing, and he had taken it, though she saw now he had no need of her help. And he collected again his crutch, a token support, and followed her around the corner of the house to the door. Not quite , she thought, pressing around the yellowing ankle. A little while longer yet before even he would risk it. Two more weeks, perhaps, and then he would rejoin the others in their watch of the North. And perhaps then Dírhael would return, and she would have new aches and new mulishness to fret over. Be watched over, wherever you are, stubborn old man. And come home to me, the bed is too cold without you in it… And to her Chieftain, the hope of her people, son of the daughter she had not seen in years, she said, "You must keep it tightly wrapped, but I suppose we can leave the splints off this time." And to beat back the loneliness, and keep him for a little while longer yet, she added, "But only if you stay and have a draught of furniture varnish with an old biddy healer-woman…" End Thank you so much for reading! Hope you enjoyed!