hears a clear and loud order from Haldir. "Emme lare-ar sér." (We rest) He stops and looks at her. "Tie the horse." He commands. "Where? Why?" She asks accusingly. He looks at her and rolls his eyes. "We could keep walking but as it seems you are as clumsy as an ox I thought it best we stop and rest for the night. We have two more days of traveling before we get to the city." He pauses and shoots her a glare. "And I don't want to have to drag you the rest of the way." He then points to a small tree. "Tie your horse there." Ellery looks at him skeptically but decides to listen because why not this is probably all a dream anyway and she is tired. She ties his reins to the tree then uncinches the saddle. Haldir watches her as she pulls the saddle off and sets it on the ground away from Ritter with the blanket. Ellery gives Ritter one more pat and a small hug around the neck before turning to the elf, who to her surprise is the only one left. "Where is everyone?" She questions nervously. He just points up before letting out a whistle. Seconds later a small rope ladder falls from the large tree in front of Ellery. Fan-fricken-tastic. She thinks as Haldir boughs sarcastically and makes a grand motion for her to climb. Well this can't be much harder than a tree stand…. She gives him a glare then stalks up to the rope ladder and starts to climb awkwardly. She looks back before she goes through the tree line and only sees Ritter with his leg rested and apparently asleep. Where did that elf ass go? She mumbles. The next moment she climbs higher and passes the leaves. Once through she's surprised to see a round platform surrounding the tree trunk. Her mouth drops open as she finishes climbing the ladder. She half drags herself onto the wooden boards and then stands up. What she sees next shocks her, she can see the ground. How? I couldn't see it from the ground. Her silent question is answered when Haldir appears next to her. "Its cloaked so that it looks like any other tree from the ground. This allows us to keep guard but stay hidden." She nods still baffled. "You should sleep, the others are making rounds then will be joining us. Do you have a bedroll?" He asks. "Wait how did you get up here? And what's a bed roll? I doubt I have one." She says as her shock dissipates. "I climbed. A bed roll is a mat to sleep on." He responds as if Ellery is a dunce. "Ohh. I don't have one. I don't have much of anything…" She says as if it's a realization. "We have a couple extras stored on this flet." He says a bit softer. He silently walks over to a small chest against the tree. How does he walk so quietly with all that armor, it looks heavy. Her brain wonders as he comes back with a small rolled up mat looking object. Before he hands it to her the other elves start to climb onto the platform. He thrusts it into her hands as another elf comes up to him and does a small bough. "Emme cen úqua eth-o sinome." (We see nothing out of place.)The elf says. "Hanta tye, sér."(Thank you, rest) Haldir nods respectfully and the elf boughs again before walking off. Haldir turns and strides to the tree as the rest of the elves chose their spot and start to unroll bed mats. He then jumps gracefully and grabs a branch above his head and pulls himself up with little effort. He then jumps to one higher than that before sitting comfortably on a branch. His feet hang underneath him casually and he leans back against the tree with his bow in his lap. Haldir is obviously guarding the platform. She looks up at him questioningly and he rolls his eyes then motions toward the platform. She's still standing so he puts his hands together and places them to the side of his tilted head in a sleeping motion. She blushes in anger and frustration as she turns her back to him and finds a spot farthest away from the others and unrolls the thin mat. Ellery then lays down carefully and tries to get comfortable. How am I going to sleep? She questions herself. Soon the sound of deep breathing fills the platform. The elves sleep easily but Ellery lays awake her mind running rampant. Why am I here? How did I get here? Should I trust them? Why am I not human? Am I dead? Can I go home? Soon tears well up in her eyes, then slip down her cheeks. Ellery sniffs and her chest contracts. Tears now flow freely. Haldir hears a little sniff and his eyes lock on the strange girls form. Now that his attention is on her he sees her chest rising and falling rapidly. His eyebrows form a crease but he fails to move. He lets himself think over the day. When the horse ran under his tree he was confused. He had let out a whistle for one of the guard to fetch it when her heard the scream. Luckily he had gotten to the odd girl in time. There was no telling what could have happened. He was shocked to see what she was wearing, the cloth was very strange and the fact she did not know the she was an elf even stranger still. When he swept back her very un-elven like curly hair and showed her her delicate pointed ear she almost fainted! She seemed scared even of him. Luckily she decided to trust him. After he watches for a while her breathing evens out and she seems to be sleeping. His own lungs let out a small sigh of relief.