gloved finger at nothing. "Shut up," she growled. Turning on her heel, she walked to her room, trying to block out the Wolverine's cruel laughter that echoed throught her mind. ------------------ Bobby Drake stopped outside the Professor's study, his heart hammering in his chest. They had found out what had happend to Rogue. Kitty had told him that she had been taken to some other world by the new student. She also told him that the X-Men were going to be traveling to this world to retrieve her. Raising his hand to knock, he jumped when he heard the Professor's voice in his head. ["Come on in, Bobby."] He nodded, and turned the handle, pushing the door open. He walked in, nodded at the Professor as he sat behind his desk. Shutting the door behind him, he turned and saw Cyclops standing in front of the mirror, as well as Logan sitting in an overstuffed chair. They both looked at him as he walked farther into the room. The Professor smiled up at him as he approached. "What is it, Bobby?" Bobby swallowed the lump in his throat and looked at the headmaster. "Kitty said that you found out what happened to Rogue," he said. "That she got taken to some other world. Is that right?" The Professor stared at him a moment, then nodded. "Yes, it is." Bobby nodded. "She also said that you guys are going there to bring her back." At the Professor's nod, he continued. "Okay...I want to go." Logan looked over at him. "What?" Bobby nodded. "Yeah, I want to go. I want to help find Rogue just as much as you guys. I care about her too." Logan glared at him from the chair. "Are you two even still dating?" Bobby looked at the floor. He and Rogue had started dating....but since Dr. Grey had died, they had taken a break. Neither of them had been able to handle her death very well. But after awhile, he started to get over it....but Rogue didn't. He had confronted her with the idea of starting to date again, but she had said no, it wasn't a good time. He had started to wonder if it would EVER be a good time again. He glanced over at the man sitting in the chair and shook his head. "No....but that doesn't mean that I don't want her back." Scott turned to him, his ruby glasses reflecting light from the sun. "Bobby, look, this isn't a game. We have no idea what this other world is like. It could be really dangerous." Bobby shook his head. "Look, I don't care. Rogue means just as much to me as she does to you. We might not be dating, but I still care about her." He looked over at the Professor. "Professor, I want to go. You have no idea what this world is like, Cyclops just said so. You could use all the back-up you can get. Please....let me go with them." The Professor sighed, looking at the boy. He knew Bobby, "Ice Man", as he called himself, wouldn't back down. When it came to Rogue, he was incredibly stubborn. He knew that the boy still had feelings for Rogue, even though she didn't...at least, not the kind he would want. And yet, to allow one more of his children to go off to this unknown world...with the possibility that he may not see them again....it was a hard decision. He looked over at Logan and Scott, seeing them looking to him, hesitation on their faces. Sighing, he looked back at Bobby. The boy held a look of desperation on his face. He sighed again. "Alright...you will accompany the X-Men on the journey....but stay out their way. We don't know anything about the dangers that are in this world....they don't need you getting into some kind of trouble." Bobby smiled and nodded. "Right....thank you, Professor," he said. He looked at the other two men in the room one last time before turning around and leaving, closing the door behind him. Logan grunted and looked at the Professor. "Chuck, you can't seriously be asking us to take him with us." The Professor nodded. "I am, Logan. Bobby had a point. We don't know anything about this world. His mutation could prove useful." Scott smirked. "And yet his presence could be distracting," he said. "Can you be sure that he won't cause any trouble?" The Professor shook his head. "No, I can't...but he cares deeply for Rogue, perhaps even loves her...all he wants is to find her. As do we all. Just take him along, and protect him. I'm almost certain he won't cause any trouble." The two other men looked at each other, both wondering if the Professor was right this time. Chapter Five Rough rose as the dawns early rays peaked through the window. For a moment she looked wildly around wondering where she was… but then she remembered. Standing, blinking, waiting... this was the normal wake-up routine but now she didn't have to worry about her school classes; or classmates for that matter. Not wanting to wake anyone else Rough quietly slipped on her cloths and gloves. Then she left the room, returning to the garden she had been in yesterday when she had officially meet Legolas. The halls were silent apart from herself and Rough wondered if she was the only one awake. She turned and glanced out a passing window, the city grounds felt magical. The mourning light glinting off the dew making everything sparkle, "Beautiful…" she muttered. "Indeed it is," a voice said from next to her. Rough jumped and turned to see a man with shoulder length, brown hair and intimidating eyes. He wasn't an elf, she noticed, knowing that meant he could not touch her. "Good mourning, Milady." He nodded his head, and she returned the gesture. "You are up early, sir," she faced the window again. "As are you, Lady-?" "Rough. Just Rough."