"You had to tell them, didn't you?" "Of course we did," confirmed the twin now identified as Elladan. "Besides, they would have found out eventually so you should really be thanking us." "Thanking you." "Yes." "And why is that, may I ask?" "Good question. Estel?" "Well," said the ranger, thinking swiftly. "If we had not told the hobbits now, imagine how difficult it would have been for them to find out at the council tomorrow." "Difficult?" echoed the prince. "Yes," said Strider, warming to his topic and seemingly oblivious to the fact that the eyes of blue ice had hardened into steel. "It would hardly have been fair to expect them to deal with both the serious business of the council as well as the discovery that the supposed warrior elf whom they had met the previous day was no more than a spoilt princeling who lazes around in his palace all day leaving us ordinary people to do all the work." Even Strider could not fail to notice that the steel had sharpened to a point. However, knowing that it was too late to avoid his impending doom he continued. "Thus, you should be thanking my dear brothers and I because we just saved you from disappointing these worthy hobbits in public." Having finished his explanation Strider gained his feet more swiftly than the hobbits would have believed possible, and ran. "If you would be so kind as to excuse me for a moment, master hobbits," said Legolas calmly. "I have a slight problem that must be dealt with." With that, he rose gracefully and shot after the fleeing human. The twins dissolved into laughter as they watched the two friends, Strider desperately trying to keep ahead of the furious elf. "He won't hurt Strider, will he?" asked Frodo anxiously. "No. Not badly anyway," replied Elladan. "You must understand that Legolas is somewhat sensitive about his position as prince. He has found in the past that some people tend to underestimate the amount of responsibility and work which his position entails, especially as he is the youngest of a large family. Although such people are far mistaken, Legolas prefers not to draw attention to his position whenever possible. Of course, this provides his dearest friends, namely Estel, Elrohir and I, with more than ample opportunity to provoke our favourite princeling. But do not worry. There is no need to fear for your ranger. He should escape with merely a few broken bones and possibly an arrow in the back." Not reassured in the slightest, the hobbits watched with growing concern as man and elf lapped the pond once again. Strider, seeming to realise that there was no hope of escaping the fast gaining elf, suddenly swung into the branches of the nearest tree followed quickly by his pursuer. "Ai, Estel, what caused you to do that? You'll never escape him now," said Elrohir regretfully. "A mistake indeed," agreed Elladan, shaking his head at his little brother's foolishness. Seeing the puzzled expressions on the hobbits' faces, Elrohir explained. "Legolas is a wood-elf and is thus far more at home in the trees than he is on the ground. He'll easily catch Estel up there whereas my foolish brother may have had a chance on level ground. A small chance, but a chance nonetheless." Sure enough, a shout soon sounded, a tree shook briefly and a few leaves fell to the ground, followed closely by a far heavier ranger. Seconds later the elf had landed lightly next to the human who was picking himself up off the ground, muttering loudly about arrogant, tree-loving elves. Calmly returning to the small party, Legolas bowed to the hobbits, pointedly ignoring the twins. "My apologies, master periannath , but I am afraid I must leave you for the moment." "Why?" asked Strider, approaching behind the elf, both apparently having forgotten their dispute. "I have a prior appointment with some elves from Rivendell." "Not another archery match," said Elrohir with a sigh. "You think they would have learnt by now." Legolas shrugged. "It is my duty to defend my honour as a warrior, and that of Mirkwood. It should not present too much of a challenge, anyway. They are only Noldor elves." "What!" cried the twins whilst Strider let out a bark of laughter. "He is insulting you too, Estel," reminded Elladan. "You were trained by Noldor elves." His brother subsided immediately. Legolas just smiled, bowed once more to the hobbits and set off in the direction of the Last Homely House. Strider beckoned to the hobbits. "Join us," he invited, hastening to catch his friend. "If you wished to see the elves, this is something you would be wise not to miss." TBC --------------------- Mellon nin - my friend Ernil - prince Periannath - hobbits Mae govannon - well met A/N- If you're wondering why I had Aragorn wanting to keep his name secret it's because I believe that Frodo, at least, would recognise it as that of the Heir of Isildur. Not knowing what would result from the Council of Elrond, I do not think that Aragorn would want relative strangers to know who he really was as he seems to be trying to avoid his destiny whenever possible. Legolas wanting to hide the fact that he was a prince comes largely from my reading of many other authors' work. Also, it is never mentioned in the films unless you watch the extended Two Towers in which Gimli uses it to taunt Legolas. Also, this whole hidden identity thing provides some good entertainment. I would love to get some reviews. Whether my story made you laugh, cry or possibly want to put an arrow in my back, any comments would be much appreciated, particularly nice ones! I have a few more ideas for 'In Imladris' so if you would like to see them take form as much as I do please let me know. Of course, they will probably be written anyway… Cheers Evergreene