a brick if I had one. I smirk at the thought. "What are you smirking at?" Elrohir snaps. I scratch at my wrists. "Nothing." "Your eye is twitching." I reach up and feel the skin around my eye. It tics and jerks beneath the pads of my fingertips and I suddenly feel very exposed. I cover my eye and shrug, "Nerves." I lie. It's the high. My body twitches and shakes as if I'm a wind-up toy wound up just a little too tightly. Things like this usually happen on the come down. Luckily it hasn't been too bad lately. I don't get as angry or depressed when Murphy isn't around to fuck shit up. "Nerves or not you're about to embark on the journey of your life," his eyes glisten and for a moment I think I see the slightest hint of pity, "you need to be ready." He inclines his head toward the bed. "The boots there are for you. I guessed your measurements." I note the tall gray boots and thank him. I kick off my converse and pull them on; they fit snuggly around my calves and my toe touches the front. "Perfect fit. Guess you have an eye for this kind of thing," Elrohir clasps his hands behind his back, "In another life I'm sure I was a tailor." "Don't you guys, like, live forever? Be a damn tailor. Make it a hobby." I reach for the shoe that conceals my stash. "That must suck, living forever." I flick the bag into my palm and wrap my fingers around it before he notices. "Immortality is a gift from the gods. We devote ourselves to the earth and our people. We are a noble race. It's mortality that as you say, "sucks." Your lifespan is brief. You spend so much time fretting about death, you forget to live." "You're kinda like Gandhi, ya know that?" Based on the perplexed expression on his face he clearly doesn't. I purse my lips and clap my hands together, "Why don't we just go?" We walk at a brisk pace, which I struggle with. My limbs feel sluggish as my senses dull yet I force whatever sense of normalcy I can. "I don't know how to protect myself out there." That was normal enough conversation, right? "You'll learn," he says curtly, brushing me off like one would a child. "They'll teach you." My fingers fiddle with the mail around my neck. Its steely rings scratch my neck like pine needles. Its heavy. The weight bears down on my shoulders. I'll make it probably an hour before trading it for my flannel, when the watchful eyes of Elrond and Elrohir weren't around to judge my every move. We pass a window and I see them. Gathered outside, the fellowship stands in formation, a motley crew of elves, dwarves, hobbits, and men. I wonder how I'll fit in. If they'll accept me or kick me aside like the runt of the litter I am. I was in my own house, why should it be any different here. The thought gnaws at me, biting, and tearing until we're outside, face to face with THE nine. Whatever sorrow I'm feeling is replaced by anxiety. "So," starts my introduction, "my name is Aaron Harris and I'll be joining you on your mission…quest…thing." I wink at Pippin and what I thought would be greeted with laughter is met with fearful stares and distrustful sneers. Cough, Boromir, cough, cough. "Like a lamb to the slaughter," I whisper to myself. Elrond then sweeps out of Rivendell's doors. He's cloaked in green, leaves and vines embellish his robes and beneath the trees he stands tall and proud, a pillar of strength and wisdom. I recognize the man next to them. His gnarled staff and tall pointed grey hat scream Gandalf and before I realize it, my jaw is on the floor. "Close your mouth Master Aaron!" he snaps. "If you leave it hanging open like that you'll swallow a bird! You're no use to us dead." Behind me Boromir snickers. I ignore it and focus on Elrond. His eyes meet mine and he nods. I return the gesture. He's shown me great kindness in the face of adversity. He owed me nothing yet he cared for me. Someday I'll return the gesture if I am able. You'll wake up in a few hours and none of this will mean anything. Shut up. Perhaps my conscience is right but in this moment, nothing felt more real. I'll continue dreaming as long as I am able. I'm safer here than I am in Richmond. "May the blessings of elves, men, and all free people be with you." Elrond's words resonate deep in my chest. He raises a hand in farewell. As the others turn away, I glance over my shoulder. Rivendell rises behind me, a beacon of light and hope. In the morning sun, waterfalls pour diamonds into swirling pools below. I hope I visit here again in my dreams. It was the first time I'd felt any sort of purpose after having felt worthless for so many years. "Aaron!" Hearing my name shocks me, especially when I see Elrohir jogging down the steps. He wraps his hand around my wrist and I do the same. "Take this," he says, pressing a bow into my hand. Blood rushes to my cheeks. It's a tremendous gift and I have no words. He smiles, genuinely. "Legolas will teach you. Mind him. Mind them all, each one of them has something to offer." He squeezes my wrist. "As do you." His eyes then turn hard and the darkness I felt in Elrond's office returns, "Aaron," his voice rumbles deep in his throat, "This isn't a dream." I hope everyone had a Merry Christmas, or are currently enjoying Hanukkah and Kwanza! Please follow, favorite, and review! If you have a story you'd like some support on, let me know! I'm always happy to read :)