face becoming stubborn again. "I would wager you were not as busy as my father is." "I would not take that wager," he said. "Though I was busy enough, and gone from my family for many months at a time. My duties often kept me away…" Here the old man trailed away into silence. The memories were not lapping now, but bright and sharp and biting. He remembered the call, remembered the dark of that last morning and the skinny arms wrapping him. Hard, final kisses on wiry hair, and not looking back, for he knew they stood watching him ride away with the others, silhouetted against the light of the doorway. Knew and did not trust himself to keep from committing the gravest of desertions: leaving his brothers-in-arms alone to their fool's errand. But he had not. And then the blurry days of travelling south, of finally finding the one they sought, and then the joy and ache and triumph. The burying and the turning away. And at last the long returning, fewer in number than the thirty-and-three that had left the North in the last bitter days before the first green of spring… The old man squeezed his eyes shut. For now his memories had turned to cold grey ash and a fire-gutted farmstead, to three cairns of stone on a bare hilltop. To his lonely retreat into the wastes of Evendim, and the long, slow, resolute forgetting. To days spent in bitterness over a duty that had drawn him far from home, far from a family he had failed to guard from the cruelest of fates. To the vow he had sworn to himself that he would have no more to do with the one who had called him away. Now burst asunder by a skinny slate-eyed runaway for whom he did not have the time. The old man opened his eyes and laid them resolutely on her. "Even at my busiest, I thought of them," he said, his voice a rumble in the small room. "I wished that time was kinder, and that I was able to spend less of it on duty and more on being a father. I wish it still, every single day of my life." He leaned forward and met her eye squarely. "I would wager that your father wishes the same." "Truly?" "As a father myself, I am certain of it." For a moment her eyes lit with hope. But just as quickly it snuffed, and she sat back and pulled her arms tight over her chest, as if the cold had crept in again. "It does not matter, though," she said. "Because I cannot go back. If I killed him, then they will have to hang me." "But if you did not, then you will be forgiven." "They would forgive my older sister, because she never does anything wicked, and it would be a first offense," the girl said thoughtfully. "And they would forgive the twins, because they are too sweet to stay angry with." She gave a sigh that was more of a huff. "But I am skinny and clumsy and not beautiful and I always say the wrong thing." "You are feeling sorry for yourself," the old man said frostily, because he preferred her vexation to the slump of defeat. He was rewarded when she began to puff with indignation, like a toad. "I am not!" "You may have bashed your brother with a vase, but I do not think that is the only reason you have run away from home." "It is the reason," she said fiercely. "I could not stay!" "I think you have run away hoping your ada would come after you." Her eyes stretched very wide. Her mouth opened but made no sound, and then closed with a snap. She scowled and picked up her soup bowl and began sulkily to eat again. The old Ranger smothered a chuckle of satisfaction. "He will not come after me," she said after a minute of supping far less politely than she had before. She smeared the back of her hand across her mouth. "He does not have time to wander the Wild after a murderer. There are constables who do that." The old man snorted. "If you are a murderer, then I am a dwarf," he said gruffly, and pushed back his chair and rose and crossed to the entrance. He raised the bar and shoved the door open. "You have little more sense than she does, sitting out here in the rain," he said to the dark. "And I am growing weary of arguing with her. She is as stubborn as you are. Stop listening at windows and come in and warm yourself, before the soup simmers away to nothing." From outside there came a low laugh. As he stepped back to admit the newcomer, the old man heard a clatter and turned to see the girl had dropped her bowl, spattering soup, and was scrambling to her feet. Her eyes were enormous, her face very pale. The doorway darkened with the silhouette of a man, a man with spanning shoulders who dipped beneath the lintel and straightened and pushed back his dripping hood. The girl stared for a moment. Her lower lip trembled. Then her eyes fell shut and her head ducked forward and she all but cast herself to her knees. "Sire…" The King released his breath in a rush and crossed the hovel floor in two long strides and knelt and gathered the skinny, sniffling child to him. She began to cry in earnest, her hand fisting in the front of his battered jerkin, and he palmed her head to his collarbones and set his lips against her hair and looked up at the old Ranger with something close to pleading in his bright, familiar eyes. The old man snorted and shook his head and went outside to make sure his boat had not tugged loose and drifted away on the lake.