good reason to believe that these particular hobbits whom we are travelling with are somewhat harder to understand than most." The crackling of the fire interspersed with the regular snores of the sleeping dwarf were the only sounds which could be heard as an easy silence fell between the two friends. As he reached forward to throw another branch on the flickering flames from the pile which Gimli had dumped next to him, Aragorn reflected with a strange kind of sadness that this was likely to be one of the last times in which he would sit in this situation, his best friend close by him as they aimlessly watched firewood blacken and burn. He knew that whatever came of the quest, such treasured times were becoming all too rare. The elf's mind however, appeared to be on other matters as he continued his musings about the hobbits. "They often act as children would," continued Legolas thoughtfully. "Yet they volunteered for this quest when no obligation lay upon them to do so, knowing of the dangers they would face. Well," he added upon reflection of his words, "most of them knew." A smile drew at the corners of the ranger's mouth as he reached into his pocket to draw out his pipe. Legolas eyed it disapprovingly yet Aragorn ignored him with an ease born of practice, reaching into another pocket and bringing out a small pouch of leaf. "You lived on the borders of the Shire for some years, did you not?" questioned the elf, with a sidelong glance at the ranger next to him. "Surely you must have gained some knowledge of these creatures." "Knowledge, yes. Understanding, no," the ranger replied, taking his time in packing the small wooden bowl before him. "I can tell you of their favourite foods, of their fondness for pipeweed and merrymaking, but as for how their minds work? Nay. Even Gandalf, who has studied them, if you can call it that, for a number of years, does not claim to fully understand the Shirefolk." Finally satisfied with his work, Aragorn reached towards the fire and, drawing out a small burning twig, used it to light his pipe. After a couple of experimental puffs, he settled back with a satisfied sigh and continued. "He told me once that no matter how long a time you spend with hobbits, in one moment they can surprise you and make you think that you never knew anything about them at all." Legolas nodded slowly, watching the smoke that was beginning to rise out of the ranger's pipe distastefully. "They are strange folk," he murmured. "Merry, but strange." "This coming from an elf?" Legolas turned to see the shadowed face of his friend lit by a grin. Not deigning to reply, the elf instead gestured to the pipe held loosely in the man's hand. "I do not know how you can do that," he said, changing the topic abruptly. "You are aware that it is one of the foulest habits in all of Middle Earth?" "Ah, but that is where you are wrong, mellon nin ," the ranger replied easily, drawing on his pipe once more. "It is an art." "It smells." "Aye, and most find the aroma very pleasant and soothing, whether they be hobbit, Istari or dwarf." "My apologies, I did not realise. If the dwarves do it, it must be enjoyable." "Mockery does not suit you, Legolas," the ranger replied offhandedly. "Stop smoking and I will mock you less." "You know as well as I do, mellon nin , that neither of those will ever happen." Aragorn smirked as the elf sent a daggered glare his way and settled back to enjoy his pipe. With a sigh Legolas rose smoothly to his feet, cuffing the ranger lightly on the back of the head as he did so. "I will see you in the morning, human." " Quel du , mellon nin ." The elf moved away, swiftly scaling nearby tree, and Aragorn smiled to himself as he watched the dimly glowing form of his friend settle down amongst the branches. Knowing that Legolas would keep watch that night, Aragorn took his time finishing his pipe before moving off of his log and lying down near Frodo. The hobbit's blue eyes opened as Aragorn approached and the ranger nodded gently to the ringbearer. "Go to sleep, Frodo." The hobbit nodded and closed his eyes once more, hoping that he would fall more easily into sleep than he had the past few nights. Once again however, his thoughts strayed towards the gold ring which clung to a chain round his neck. Unconsciously, his fingers moved to close around it, yet they dropped away quickly as the ranger's voice rumbled into the darkness, clearing away the shadows with its sound. "Frodo?" "Yes, Strider?" "That game which Merry and Pippin were playing…" "Yes?" "Is that a real game?" Frodo paused. "That rather depends on whom you ask," he replied carefully. "And if I were to ask anyone but Merry and Pippin?" "Then the answer would probably be no." "Ah. Thank you, Frodo." The ranger settled down, wrapping a light blanket over himself as he pulled his pack towards him to use as a headrest. "You're welcome, Strider." Frodo closed his eyes for the final time that night and quickly dropped into a welcome sleep. -------------------- periannath - hobbits Mellon nin - my friend Quel du - rest well +refers to my other story, "In Imladris" A/N: My apologies to any pipe smokers out there if anything that Aragorn did was incorrect! I do not smoke and though I did look into how to smoke a pipe, it seemed rather involved for this story so I simplified it somewhat. (For the record, this author does not endorse smoking in any way, shape or form hehe!) Next Chapter: Aragorn and Legolas become rather competitive over a simple game of catch. Thanks for reading everyone! Hope you enjoyed it and please review!