falling about his shoulders. 'Legolas!' 'You cheated, ranger,' hissed the elf prince. 'I will not stay down when I have not been fairly defeated!' Disbelieving of what he was hearing, Aragorn dropped to his knees and, with one nimble movement, flipped the elf onto his back, pinning him there with an arm across his throat. Around him, he could hear the remaining orcs laughing as he leaned low over the elf, pushing down with all his bodyweight to keep him in place, and spoke into his ear. 'Are you mad or simply arrogant?' he hissed, using Legolas' long hair to hide the fact that he was talking to him. 'This may be our only chance at escape and you are willing to sabotage it because you are too proud to admit defeat?' Legolas's eyes were like flint. 'There was no honour in your victory!' 'This is hardly the time to be particular!' Feeling the elf struggle to rise again, Aragorn swore and drove his other elbow into the elf's ribs. 'I swear to the Valar, Legolas, next time I shall leave you behind and escape by myself! Now stay down or I shall put you there myself for a second time!' The elf remained silent, yet Aragorn could feel him still beneath his weight. Finally, his eyes closed and, slowly, Aragorn climbed off the elf and stood up, turning to face Golbog. 'Well?' he said simply. 'I won.' 'By cheating,' Legolas muttered down by his feet, in a voice so low that only Aragorn heard it. Surreptitiously, Aragorn shifted his stance, delivering a swift kick to one of the elf's thighs. Legolas subsided again and Aragorn left him, walking forward towards the lead orc. 'What now?' he asked. Golbog grinned. From behind his back, he drew out one of Legolas's own white knives, which had been taken from the elf prince upon capture. 'Now you get to kill your little friend.' Aragorn took a step back. 'What?' 'You heard me,' growled Golbog. 'Never. I would die before I took the life of my companion.' 'You said it yourself, you filthy little maggot! It's the elf's fault you're even here. So make him pay. Kill him!' 'I will not!' The orc tilted its head to the side, eying Aragorn consideringly. 'Kill him and I'll let you go.' At that, Aragorn hesitated. He looked at the elf, then back at the orc. 'Do you swear it?' he said finally. 'I take his life and I am free.' Golbog nodded, grinning nastily. Slowly, Aragorn took the knife from Golbog's clawed hands, turned, and strode back to where the elf prince lay on the ground, unmoving. Deliberately, he slowly lowered the long blade until it rested across Legolas's neck, pressing a fine indentation into the pale skin. Around them, the three orcs gathered round, closer and closer, jostling for position as they tried to get the best view. Aragorn waited until they stood no more than three feet away, then spoke in the Common Tongue so the orcs could understand. 'The time has come.' Aragorn raised the knife high into the air, then brought it down at tremendous speed, changing the angle at the last second and driving it through Golbog's thick chest so that the very end of the blade came out the other side of his body. Golbog gasped, his foul mouth opening and closing as he fought for air that would not come, then fell slowly backwards, toppling towards the ground. Calmly, Aragorn pulled the knife out of the orc's chest, sending a spray of black blood over Legolas as he rolled sluggishly out of the way of Golbog's collapsing body before finally gaining his feet with far greater effort than was normal. Without a word, Legolas wiped his uninjured arm over his face, clearing away the worst of the black blood that covered him from head to foot. His eyes were like blue glints of ice as he reached out and took his own knife from Aragorn before driving it deeply into the stomach of one of the two remaining orcs, cutting cleanly through its flesh before pulling the narrow blade out again and watching as the orc's innards spilled onto the ground. Carefully, he handed the knife back to Aragorn, who lifted it before him and turned to face the last surviving orc with a feral smile. He lifted a questioning eyebrow at the lone creature, which stared open-mouthed in shock and terror before turning on its heels and scrambling away as fast as it could go. Casually, Aragorn hefted the knife in his hand, looked after the fleeing orc, judging the distance, then threw the blade as hard as he could so that it spun, handle over blade, again and again until it struck the orc right in the middle of its back, sending it plummeting to the earth. Satisfied, Aragorn turned back to Legolas, who was already limping away from the dead circle of orcs, back towards the mouth of the cave. To Aragorn's weary eyes, the elf seemed to be favouring just about every part of himself. Legolas disappeared for a moment into the darkness, then emerged carrying the cloak that Aragorn had used on him as a bandage. 'My father gave me this cloak,' he said simply before turning and hobbling off in what Aragorn was fairly certain was the direction of Mirkwood. Rolling his eyes, Aragorn followed him, pausing only to remove the knife from the orc's back and to hunt for the rest of their weapons. Finally, after a few minutes of searching, he found them, stashed beside a large rock, thankfully unharmed. He gathered them up in his arms and took one last look around the campfire, taking in the sight of the numerous bodies of the orc pack. He heaved a satisfied sigh. 'Now that was a good plan,' he muttered to himself, and turned to stride off after the disappearing elf prince who was limping slowly towards the dawn. End