prince, Legolas!" "So I have been told," replied the elf icily. "I did not steal a horse." When the ranger merely fixed him with a disbelieving stare, the elf blushed even darker. "It came of its own wishes," he amended. Aragorn let out a bark of laughter. "I have tried the 'it followed me home' line, mellon nin , and I feel it my duty to warn you that such a tactic rarely works." "He did not want to stay with them," Legolas reasoned, his tone becoming slightly cajoling in nature. "I was helping him." "Him?" Aragorn echoed. "Telcontar." Aragorn blinked. "You called your horse 'Strider?" "Aye, he reminded me of you, but that is not the point-" Yet Aragorn was still concerned with the elf's most recent revelation. "I do not know whether to be pleased or insulted," he muttered. "Though I am leaning towards the latter." When the hint of a smile played around the corner's of the elf's mouth, Aragorn became suddenly aware that he had been skilfully deterred from his original course of action, that was, determining whom, precisely, had shot at the elven prince. He fixed the elf with what he hoped was a stern gaze. "So who was it who killed your tunic?" he demanded. "Traders? Travellers?" "I would have you know that my tunic is very much alive, for it suffered only a mere scratch," replied Legolas. "And it is suffice to say that horse thieves are not the easiest sleepers." Reaching out to tug the stick from the man's hands, he began to draw his own careful lines in the dirt. "Though it is likely that their walk to the nearest town may tire them out and thus bestow upon them a good night's rest." Feeling the man's eyes on him, he looked up from his patterns to see the human regarding him intently. "Estel?" After a brief, yet pregnant, pause, Aragorn smiled; a true smile which reached to his very core and lit his eyes with a silver gleam which had been all too lacking for many a long year. "It does my heart good to see you again," he said simply. "I have missed you, Legolas." "You are not alone in that , mellon nin ," Legolas replied, his eyes searching out, and meeting, the ranger's own. "Often during these past years have I wished that you were near." A suddenly mischievous look appeared on the elf's face. "For when you are around there is less of a chance that I myself will be wounded." The ranger stared at him, his eyes narrowing. "What is that supposed to mean?" he demanded. "If you are with me, there are more targets for the enemy to shoot at. And you are far slower than myself." Aragorn tried valiantly to glare at the elf for his remark, yet the rising laughter in his eyes betrayed him, especially when Legolas gifted him with a smile of his own. Giving up on his incorrigible friend, the ranger stood and held out a hand to the elf on the ground. "Come, we are late enough already." Reaching up, Legolas grasped the man about the wrist and used his friend's firm weight to lever himself to his feet. "Have you something planned for our time together?" he enquired. Aragorn nodded, pulling his light pack onto his shoulders and tugging at the leather straps until it rested secure against his body. "Halbarad and some others are camped just over the next hills." The elf's face lit up with a sudden smile as he looped his quiver over his head, tightening the buckles until they lay firm against him. "That old ranger?" he exclaimed. "I have not laid eyes on him in years!" "Do not let him hear you call him 'old,'" Aragorn cautioned. "Since Duran was foolish enough to point out what Halbarad claims to be his first grey hair, he has been rather sensitive in regards to his age." "Is that so?" Aragorn narrowed his eyes as the faintest hint of a well-contained smirk appeared on the elf's fair face. "Legolas, promise me that you will not torment him." "Do you truly think that I would be so cruel?" "Aye, mellon nin , I do, and with good reason." "What if it comes up in conversation?" Aragorn let out a bark of laughter at his friend's words as the two moved together into the dense trees which surrounded the small glade. For a few brief seconds, the rough voice of the ranger could be heard intermingled with the more melodious tones of the wood elf as they strode towards the northeastern plains of Rohan. "I cannot believe that you actually stole a horse." "Horses." "Pardon?" "I did not take one, I took several. And they will have a far better life in Rohan than they would have had had I left them with those men." "What will your father say when he hears of this?" "I do not intend for him to find out." "But what if he does?" "He will not." "But what if I tell him?" "Then I shall kill you." "Ah." There was a short pause before the ranger's voice sounded once more. "I think that what I missed most during our years apart were the death threats." "You are a strange man, Aragorn, son of Arathorn." "At least I have not sunk to stealing horses." A musical laugh echoed through the now empty clearing. "Give yourself time, Estel, it will happen. I am sure of it." And with that, the heir to the throne of Gondor and the elven prince of Mirkwood disappeared amongst the trees, reunited at last after a long separation, yet leaving no trace, except for a large pile of sticks, that they had ever spoken in a small glade somewhere under the open sky of Rohan. End ------------------- I'd love it if you could review and let me know what you all thought of this. Thanks for reading everybody!