as the very day it had happened. "Until we finally saw the sky," Aragorn finished, his mind, too, going back to the endless, dark days spent under the earth. Even for one such as him, used to living in shadows and out of sight, it had struck into him a terror he had never forgotten. No light-hearted banter put on for the benefit of the hobbits would ever take away the terror both of them had felt when they had realised there was no way out, that they were trapped in the silent darkness, where every movement they made, every sound, was muffled by the earth that imprisoned them. There had been no light, no relief to the black void, but for the faint gleam of Legolas' skin, and even that had faded as hour upon hour passed with no sign of rescue, with only their increasingly shallow breaths and the muted sounds of their digging to accompany them. Every time that one of them had moved just that inch too far as they tried to clear away the rocks blocking the tunnel, that bit too suddenly, a scatter of stones and dirt had fallen, coating both of them in a fine dust that soon entered their lungs, making them cough and choke, which had brought down even more debris in turn. Every so often, a tremor had rippled through the collapsed cave, and each time they had frozen where they were, terrified that they rest of the rock would come crashing down upon them, burying them both without offering even the chance to fight. They had both been close to death when Legolas had finally broken through the rockfall and dragged himself and Aragorn to the safety of the Last Homely House, with the human having faded from consciousness as the air thinned in their stone prison. Aragorn had never asked the elf prince how he had managed to clear a large enough gap in the rockfall for them both to fit through, how long he had spent alone in the dark, knowing that he was their only chance for life. Legolas had never offered to tell him, saying only that it was the last rock Aragorn had shifted that had allowed him to catch sight of the faint glow of starlight through the otherwise unyielding darkness, and so given him enough hope to persevere. It had been many seasons before Legolas had returned to his father's underground palace after that, the elf instead preferring the freedom and freshness of the open corridors of Imladris. Aragorn had done his best to help his friend, blaming himself for the days they had spent under the earth. During the following months, he had spent many nights sleeping under the open sky at the prince's side, from the wide valleys of Imladris to the vast plains of Rohan, until Legolas had at last returned to his father's halls, filled with enough light, fresh air and memories of laughter that he could once again face the weight of the earth above him that he felt even in the cavernous caves of Mirkwood. Lost to his memories, Aragorn suddenly caught sight of the scared faces of the hobbits surrounding him and Legolas, all of whom had paled during the telling of the story. Shaking off the dark memories, Aragorn leaned over to nudge the soft boot that still hung next to his shoulder, making sure that he had the elf prince's attention before he spoke. "You need not be fearful, Master Hobbits," he said quietly. "The mines of Moria have stood for hundreds of years. There is no reason that they will fall on our fellowship." He looked up at the elf. "Am I not right, Legolas?" Sharp blue eyes met his own grey ones, the elf prince all too aware of what he was attempting to do. Finally, Legolas tilted his head in a nod towards the ranger, conceding his point. " Cuamin linduva yassen megrille , mellon nin, " he said softly. "No matter where we go." Aragorn smiled, and watched the elf as he slipped smoothly off the long, gnarled roots to the ground before stepping soundlessly forward to where Gandalf stood before the solid rock wall. Without a word, Merry, Pippin and Sam followed him, gathered close about the archer as though to offer both comfort and courage. Aragorn looked after them for a moment before dropping his gaze to the blue-eyed hobbit who remained next to him. "It seems that thanks are in order, Frodo," he said softly. "For what?" Frodo responded, in just as quiet a voice. "I am certain, Master Baggins, that the memory of a hobbit is not such that he would forget a story told to him only hours earlier so completely that it needed to be repeated that same night." Frodo smiled, a soft, sad expression. "Legolas seems troubled." Aragorn did not respond at first, yet the feeling of the hobbit's eyes on him did not cease. Finally, he looked down and met the other's clear gaze. "He does not like being unable to see the sky," he said softly. Frodo nodded, his own eyes rising to the high stone walls surrounding them. "He is not alone in that," was his reply. "Ah!" At the sharp exclamation from Gandalf, both ranger and hobbit turned to where Merry, Legolas, Gimli and the wizard himself stood before the silver archway etched into the craggy grey cliffs. " Mellon," the wizard enunciated slowly. With a gravelly rasp of stone against stone, the walls of the mines slid apart, revealing a gaping hole which disappeared into the blackness beyond. After gathering their belongings, the fellowship of the One Ring together took their first steps into the dark that was Moria, unaware of the small ripples in the water behind them until it was almost too late. END en - look Cuamin linduva yassen megrille, mellon nin –my bow will sing with your sword, my friend Thanks for reading!