"Like two old hounds, we still steal to the same pair of heels in time of upheaval," Thalion opined. "That is a profound observation," said Brethilas, "even for an ancient such as you." "I was the sire of your best friend. I am not in Galion's league, Galion, who was decrepit even in Oropher's day!" Thalion protested. "No, you are not, and I was deeply honoured to be adopted by you, if unofficially, when your son fell at Dagorlad in company with my sire. We make a good team, venerated elder!" Brethilas chuckled. "Elder or Eldar," Thalion sought clarification. "Either在oth如icker of nits," Brethilas sighed. "I believe we have either slain the arachnid vanguard or caused them to retrench. We may make our way home. Home! Ha! Why does that sound hollow of a sudden?" "Perhaps because the fire has gone from the hearth," said Thalion, and he folded the now weeping Brethilas into a fatherly embrace, and permitted his own hot tears to flow. Better to clear the emotion away here, now, in a smoke-filled clearing, than in the presence of their grieving monarch. ooOoo The Caverns of Thranduil The King gazed down upon his dear, departed, Pharin, bathed and laid out with loving attention by her ladies, and an expression of such loss took up residence behind his eyes that those of his courtiers present feared for his own survival. An elf may die in battle, or from grief, for the immortality which is gifted at birth may be cast off by an act of will. Thranduil was clearly debating with himself why he should go on without his soul mate, his queen. "What of the filth that wrought Queen Pharin's passing?" Thranduil asked in a low growl. "None now lives, sire," Brethilas reported with conviction. "Would that they could die more than once," Thranduil hissed, "I should like to pass the future slaying the wretches over and over!" "To their undying misery, and your eventual loss of reason," Thalion dared to state, "they were but mindless creatures, sire, wrought to do the bidding of the one we do not name, and at day's end, your queen would still be a guest of Namo." "How dare you lecture us, Healer?" Thranduil roared. "That would be ex-healer," said Thalion, "and one dares because age, and duty, compel one so to do; duty, sire, duty first, self last!" "Remove this presumptuous ellon from our presence 'ere we strike his head from his insolent body!" Thranduil roared. "Why is you shouting, ada?" Thranduil reacted as though he had just been doused with ice water. The newcomer was Legolas. The elfling was carrying a much chewed velveteen brog 在ear多is favourite toy from birth, his equivalent of a comfort blanket. He was disorientated after being shocked awake by the sound of his father shouting off in the distance. The curse of the superior hearing gifted to the Eldar. Before any of the ellyn present could prevent it, the diminutive elfling ran to view his dead mother's corpse, and as his initial delight waned, tears replaced his joy, for there was something not quite right with his naneth, and Legolas instinctively knew the change would be life altering. "Where has she gone, my naneth?" The little sprite asked, displaying shocking comprehension for one so young. "She is gone to visit Lord Namo, little one," said Prince Doron, coming to his father's aid with his usual aplomb. "Then why is she here, still?" Legolas was confused, his brow furrowed in concentration. "Lord Namo very graciously permitted this part of naneth to remain here in the Greenwood. This is the part of our being we of the Eldar call the hroa , the outer shell, and the inner part, the part that made naneth special, the fea , has gone to dwell in the Halls of Mandos. If you wish you may kiss naneth goodnight, and then I shall take you and Brog back to bed," said Doron, and how he maintained his composure during this explanation none present knew. "Will she know I am kissing her all the way from Mango's Halls, Dorrie?" Twiglet was confused. "She will know, squab!" Doron employed his pet name for his little brother for his own throat was closing from the grief he had banked up in order to cope. "That is alright then, night-night naneth, Legowas wuvs you, and we can bake black bewwy pie when you get back from Mango's Hall," said the trusting little elfling, and now he went on tiptoes to bestow a sloppy kiss to the pale cold cheek of his departed naneth. "Go with Doron, Legolas, do as your brother asks," Thranduil was also struggling to remain composed under the weight of sadness welling within him. Not for the first time the king was grateful for this elder son, Doron was the most tactile of the brood, Legolas aside. Doron had engaged with the little one from the day of Twiglet's birth. Hand in hand the two princes paused to kneel to their father and then Legolas suddenly broke free for a goodnight kiss. "Brog, too, ada, like you always does," said Twiglet, disclosing the fact that Thranduil, self-styled monster, omnipotent king of the Greenwood Realm, regularly kissed velveteen brogs goodnight! Somehow this little known fact eased the tension within the chamber, Thranduil duly performed both kisses, and Legolas, unaware how great a gift he was bestowing, turned and blew a kiss to all present. Thalion, tight-laced, bossy-britches Thalion, caught the kiss, and made a show of stowing it in his pocket. Legolas giggled into his little hand. "You is funny, Falion!" "But not in a good way," Brethilas muttered. "Come, sprog, I shall send for some hot milk for you before you get back into bed," Doron promised. "Hot milk wif bread, and cinnamon, pwease?" Twiglet begged. "Bread and milk, just as you like it, little brother," conceded Doron, and the battle of the breakfast oatmeal was consigned to the past. The End