on earth happened that set him off" Verrethel wondered "He was perfectly happy when I left him earlier" Thranduil stated "I don't know but I'm going to find out" Thalion stated ever the elf for the direct approach. The others stood and followed Thalion to Legolas's room he knocked on Legolas's door before trying the handle the door was still locked "Legolas open the door" "No I don't want to go away" "Ion nin now" Thranduil stepped forward his son sounded extremely upset "You told Arahael you miserable cow" "Legolas" Thranduil scolded "enough open this door" Legolas had long finished bandaging his fingers and the ones from earlier were already bleeding through and staining his light blue tunic and his hands hurt so badly the boy was currently curled up his hands clutched to his chest "Legolas I'm going to count to 5" Thranduil started Legolas who was in full tantrum mode turned and screamed into his pillow in frustration why wouldn't they just leave him alone. "5…4…3…2" Thranduil heard little feet shuffle toward the door and the bolt slid free unblocking the door Legolas turned around and held his hands tighter to his chest. The door opened and the family walked in Legolas was in front of them back to them in his last defense. "Ion nin what happened" Legolas knew he couldn't hide it from his father and brothers and so he took a deep breathe "Ada I'm sorry I was scared because I did something I wasn't supposed to" Legolas said new tears wetting his cheeks "I'm sorry" "What did you do" Thranduil asked gently as he heard tears in his son's voice "I just wanted to look at your bow and arrows but I was startled and I cut myself and then I knew you'd find out so I tried to clean but I broke your bowl with your water and I didn't want to tell you" "Legolas you'd get in a lot less trouble if you'd just confess instead of trying to hide it. Now I think that you owe your brother an apology" "I'm sorry" Legolas stated "You're going to have to do better than that and what have I taught you about apologizing" "to do so while looking them in the eye" Legolas droned Legolas sighed and turned wrapping his arms around himself hiding both his hands and the blood that stained his tunic he looked up at Arahael who had put on a very dramatic sad face "I'm really sorry for saying that and calling you ca cow and yelling at you and cursing you in my head for telling on me" Arahael nodded and accepted his brothers apology while Thalion and Verrethel were both trying hard not to laugh at their youngest brothers childish way with the truth. Verrethel quickly frowned when Legolas refused to untangle his arms and hug his brother then he remembered Legolas had spoken of getting hurt "Legolas can I see your hand please" Legolas took a giant step back and shook his head wildly "please" Legolas looked down at the floor "I'm sorry the maid told me to go to the healing house but I didn't" "It's ok Legolas let me see" Legolas stayed where he was as he unwrapped his arms and showed his hands which were crudely wrapped and still freely bleeding. Verrethel was in shock he rushed forward and took his brothers hands in his. Legolas's fingers were curled into tight balls and he whimpered slightly as Verrethel forced him to move his fingers agitating the cuts that littered them. He unwrapped the crude bandages they were all shallow cuts but there were so many of them and Verrethel knew well how little cuts could bring the worst sting. He properly cleaned his brother's cuts and bandaged them. Legolas wiped at his cheeks with his sleeves and hugged his elder brother then he walked over to Arahael and hugged him apologizing in his brother's ear again. Arahael kissed his brothers forehead. Then he walked over to his father and bowed "I'm sorry ada it won't happen again. I'll take my punishment now" His brother all shook their heads their ada could never stay mad at Legolas let alone punish the boy. Thranduil lifted Legolas's chin "I think you've punished yourself enough" Thranduil pulled his son into a hug. Legolas smiled "but I hope that what you told your brother earlier never leaves your mouth again or ill wash it out with soap" Legolas nodded swiftly. "Where did you learn such a phrase anyway penneth" Arahael asked "Thalion yelled it at someone one day I thought it was funny" Verrethel snorted and Thalion blushed bowing his head at his father's look. "He said some other things too" Legolas continued Thalion put his hand over his brother's mouth "Let's not talk about that" Thalion stated he really needed to have a word with Legolas about his honesty, especially if it was going to get him in trouble. Legolas broke free of his brother and held out his hand for Arahael "I'm hungry now can we go eat" he asked Arahael smiled and nodded taking his brothers offered hand they walked toward the dining room "So Legolas how did you like the sword fights this morning" "It was great but I like archery better" Thalion pouted and his brothers and father all laughed as Legolas skipped ahead obliviously. Ada- dad Adar- father Penneth- young one Ion nin- my son Daro- stop Quel Amrun- good morning Ti tállbe Orch- go kiss an orc AN: ok that's the end of this story I was going to make it a multi chapter but I just kept writing and it all just kept going until it was finished. I feel bad for Legolas I'm so mean to him but I just can't help it! Also I used to shoot archery but I cant for the life of me remember what the head of the archery fields were called. Please review!