and legs, pinning them beneath their stinking arms. When they had finally reached the clearing of the yard, Jeren's fear rose to all out panic. In the open they would be able to do whatever they wanted to her. She began struggling harder and succeeded in working one of her feet loose, kicking the unfortunate Orc that was in its path directly in the groin. He dropped and yowled in pain, forcing the other one to tighten his arms around Jeren, holding her up high around the chest. Unfortunately for him, his hand was within easy reach of her mouth and she bit him—hard. He dropped her instantly, grabbing his bleeding hand and cursing her in his black language. She scrambled to her feet, making another dash toward the thicket, but was tackled from behind, sending her face hard into the ground. She tasted her blood; she had smashed her lips against her teeth. She was still several feet from the edge of the thicket. She was turned over by the third Orc of the party, but she was still not going to surrender. The other two joined him and they were very angry to say the least. They jeered in her face and began ripping her clothes. She kicked and screamed and clawed at them. She managed to dig a fingernail into the eye of one and he decided he'd had enough from her. He drew back his fist and cuffed Jeren, the blow glancing off her left cheekbone, just missing her eye. She was stunned, but not rendered unconscious. She was weakened and tired; besides fighting her attackers, she had been losing blood from a gash she'd taken in the chest from Jones' hoof. Jeren's weak attempts were laughable to the Orcs and they began to run their tongues over her face and lips. She screamed again and when she opened her mouth, one of the animals thrust his tongue inside. She bit down as hard as she could—and tasted his blood. The putrid tang of it made her gag, so she spit it at him. She was now beyond sensible thought and the horror of what she had done didn't even faze her. The Orc rocked away, holding his face in his hands. That, apparently, was the last straw. One of the Orcs that wasn't too badly injured stood and kicked her in the left side of her head. She didn't have time to feel the pain. There was no fear anymore. Just blackness. She was down and still. Out. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o When she came to, it was to a horror too terrible to believe. Her arms and legs were pinned to the ground. She gradually became aware of weight on top of her, rocking and slamming into her. It hurt so much, she fought to open her eyes to see what in the Valar's name was happening to her. As soon as she opened her eyes she wished that she hadn't. Only inches from her face was the face of her attacker, the hatred for her and her kind etched in his features. She screamed and received a slap in the face from another Orc, one waiting for his turn at her. Combined with the other abuse she had endured from these animals, the slap was successful in rendering her helpless, even though she did not lose consciousness. She lay there and endured what they did to her. Three of them forced themselves on her, as she lay there semiconscious, aware but not caring—just enduring. She had no strength with which to fight any more. She kept her eyes closed. She couldn't bear to see their faces, the twisted dirty visages that would haunt her from this day on. If only she hadn't opened her eyes. If only . Jeren let her mind take her away from this nightmare. She saw her mother, as she was before she was sick. She actually spoke to her. "Jeren, my baby, it is so wonderful to see you!" her mother exclaimed, holding her arms out for her daughter to run into their sheltering embrace. Jeren could feel her mother's warmth and feel her fingers gently running through her hair. She could smell the lavender scent her mother wore all the time. Her mother kissed her on the cheek, then held her out from her. "You've grown so, my angel. You aren't a girl anymore. You're a woman. And I am so proud of you, too. You have fought and beaten these beasts like nothing I've ever seen! I am here with you, baby. Do not give up or give in. These nasty animals cannot take the most important part of you. They cannot take your heart, unless you allow them to. Please, baby, do not allow them to take it. You can handle this; I know you can." Her mother continued to stroke her hair and comfort her with her gentle words of encouragement. "But Mother," Jeren began, "I don't think I can do what you are asking of me. This is too horrible. I will never be able to think of anything but this as long as I live. I cannot see past this moment right now. Will I be all right, Mother? Will you please stay here with me?" "I will be right here for as long as you need me," her mother assured her. She then pulled Jeren down to sit with her and gathered her into her arms. She rocked her daughter, back and forth, loving her and holding her until she no longer would need her. Jeren didn't believe she would ever stop needing her mother, and it felt so wonderful to be in her arms again—being in her strong embrace once more, not as she was right before her death, but as she was when she was healthy and strong. It was with her mother's arms around her that she slipped into blissful slumber. Her mother was here. She would be all right. o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o