I am afraid with the onset of this "old person" disease; you may not believe me. But I take solace in knowing that the full story will be revealed to you in due time, though it may be a few more years. At eighteen I was dropped into this Middle-earthen world, knowing very little. Mr. Tolkien's book had only just been published, and I was far too poor to buy myself a copy at the time. I found myself in a...well, I've quite forgotten the name, but it was a dark, dark place, Tabitha. I was found within a day or two by a man, who called himself the Necromancer, he took a special interest in me, and I to him. Oh, Grandma, what did you do? My breath caught in my throat as I read. My skin seemed to tingle with dread and fear. I was in deep shit now. Sauron, as I came to know him, was a nasty presence. He scared me and still does to this day. One day you will be told the story in full, but for now, just know that I am sorry. I have betrayed one of the darkest rulers Middle-earth has ever seen. I did it knowingly, and I never thought it would come to this. Lately I've felt an even darker presence in the late nights. Sauron is coming for you. You have chosen your fate, Tabitha, and for that I am sorry. Sauron will want to kill you, destroy you in my place. Some may say that I am suffering for my misdeeds now with this "old person" disease. Unfortunately, you will suffer more than I. For that I am truly, deeply sorry. Love always, your Great-Grandma Moore. I continued to stare at the note, dumbfounded. Surely that wasn't what the letter said. It couldn't be. I tried to reread the note, though I was more aware of the conversation going on around me. My stomach began to churn, and my hands started to feel clammy and numb. "Can we trust her?" came a gruff voice. I looked at the man who asked. The squint-eyed face of Gimli glared at me from under his Dwarven helmet. He sent me a mistrustful look. Gimli, son of Gloin, was glaring daggers at me. I backed up a few steps and turned to Gandalf as he spoke. "Very much so, my dear Dwarf," the Wizard replied, a smile in his voice. The power coming from him seemed to affect me even more. I lost all feeling in my hands and feet. I swallowed hard. I was, in fact, standing next to the Gandalf. "How can you be sure, Gandalf?" someone else asked. I turned to the voice. A man with brown hair, a leather jerkin with a white tree on it, stared at me, eyes narrowed. I backed into the bar counter. "Are you alright?" came the concerned voice of one of the hobbits. He seemed to be Merry. As who I took to be Frodo watched me with light concern. Sam stared at me, his eyes full of suspicion, and who I assumed to be Pippin was examining the blackened TV. The book slipped from my shaking hands, and I felt all the color leave my face. I covered my mouth and turned to Gandalf, taking a deep, steadying breath. "You-you...you-you're fucking kidding me, right?" I asked, shakily. "Pulling my leg? Yanking my chain?" Gandalf stared at the book on the ground and then looked at me. "Are you alright?" "Am I alri-?! The Fellowship of the freaking Ring is in my house! My great-grandmother was in Middle-freaking-earth. With Sauron, and pissed him off...and now he wants to kill me! I have...freaking Gandalf the Grey in my basement!" I snapped loudly. "Are you shitting me?" Gandalf seemed a little taken aback, but more amused than anything, and that made my blood boil. "That language is unnecessary!" snapped a voice. I turned, angrily, to see who snapped at me. A dark head full of curls, with bright blue eyes came toward me standing at a whopping three feet. Frodo Baggins was yelling at me. He continued toward me wagging a finger, his pointed, impish face looking scandalized. "That kind of language from a young lady is rude and unbecoming!" I darted away from the hobbit, who kept advancing, a horrified look coming over my face. "What would your grandmother think? What would your parents say?" he went on as I dodged behind Gandalf. "You ought to be ashamed of yourself!" I was way past hiding behind Gandalf as the angry hobbit followed me. My next stop was his fellow hobbits, Frodo was unrelenting. I then ran behind Legolas, then Boromir, Gimli, and finally Aragorn. "I will knock your head in if I hear another unsavory word." "I'm sorry," I said in a fearful voice, peeking out at the hobbit from behind the future King of Gondor. The Ranger didn't know what to make of the situation he now found himself in. He looked between myself and the angered hobbit in confusion. Frodo narrowed his bright eyes then turned to Gandalf. "Would you please finish explaining our situation, Gandalf?" he asked in a much nicer tone of voice. I looked at Gandalf mildly...seriously horrified at what I just endured. The wizard had a look of amusement and slight shock on his face, as did everyone else for that matter. Well, Merry and Pippin seemed to have an edge of sympathy, and Legolas was smirking. "Wh-where were we?" I asked, in a squeaky voice. "Right, Sauron..." Gandalf said, shaking himself from his thoughts. "Yes, you see-" "Tabby!" came a yell from the top of the stairs interrupting him. It was Kristina. Everyone's heads snapped to the staircase. "Are you alright? We called the cops!" I felt a sudden surge of panic. "Oh, that is not good," I said, turning to run up the stairs. "Hold that thought!"' So much for taking it easy today.