orc she'd tasered was back on its feet already. However, the others more than made up for her uselessness in a fight. Together, the other four became a war machine. They were so well co-ordinated it was as if they'd trained for this. All Leila had to do was make sure Daffodil did what the man behind her wanted him to do. The next few minutes was a blur of extreme violence and for Leila, she felt as if she was watching all of it from very far away while she steered Daffodil left and right, according to her passenger's instructions. If he'd been able to, he probably would have taken the reins from her, but the injury in his right side prevented him from using his right arm much, and he needed his left hand to hold his sword. Blood splashed onto her boots as the man behind her cut down orc after orc. She was glad she was wearing black. Stains didn't show up on black. If she'd been wearing her favourite cream trousers… An orc head bounced up and into her lap. The terrible face, forever frozen in a snarl, stared up at her with glassy lifeless eyes. If she'd been her usual state of mind, she'd have screamed again. Luckily, her survival instincts had kicked in and after the initial shock, she simply grabbed it by its matted hair and threw it aside. Her initial panic had subsided to be replaced by rational numbness. The orcs, realizing they would waste too many of their number trying to kill them all, gave up and retreated into the trees. The dwarf made to give chase, but the archer stopped him. Now that it was all over, the adrenaline in her veins began to fade away, and it all came rushing back. She was in a completely different place. There were orcs, and people called Aragorn, Gimli and Legolas. Her GPS wasn't working, as if it couldn't get a signal. No, there was no as if. It really couldn't get a signal, and it couldn't get a signal because there was no signal to be gotten. And there was no signal to be gotten because— That last thought never got finished. Static appeared before her eyes as blood rushed to her head, and then she forgot what happened next. — If it hadn't been for Legolas' quick reaction, the girl would have simply fallen onto the ground. The elf caught her just before she hit it. Boromir almost followed her example, except his pride would not let him. It was just one arrow; one measly arrow that might or might not be the death of him. He was not some delicate maiden. He was a soldier. His legs almost gave away beneath him when he dismounted. Aragorn rushed to his side to support him. "They took the hobbits, Aragorn," he gasped. "They took them, and I could do nothing. I've failed…" "Hush," said Aragorn. "You should not waste your strength." "The girl, is she…" "She's fine," said Legolas, taking his fingers away from her neck where he'd been monitoring her pulse. "I believe she is merely in shock. You should be worrying about yourself instead." The wound throbbed in his side. When he moved, pain lanced through him. With the rage of battle gone, it was impossible to ignore it. He winced as Aragorn helped him to sit down at the base of a tree. Legolas went to fetch water and Gimli started a fire. The ranger pulled out several bottles from his pack and selected some leaves from the nearby bushes. He pounded the dried powders and fresh leaves together to make a poultice. When the water boiled, he threw some more leaves into it. Pungent steam rose from the water's surface in translucent swirls. Aragorn took the pot off the fire and let it cool for a while before using it to wash the Gondorian's wound. "This is going to hurt," he warned Boromir. "I know," said the other man through gritted teeth. "Please, just do it." He tried to control his breathing and he was clutching the hilt of his sword in his left hand so tightly that his knuckles were white, but nothing could stop him from cursing as the ranger applied force to the arrow. "It struck a rib," said Aragorn. "This is more difficult than I had anticipated." He said something in Sindarin to Legolas. The words were too quick for Boromir to follow. His mind was fogging up with the haze of pain. Legolas handed Aragorn a pair of pliers. He tried to keep his breathing even. He tried to think about something else; anything else apart from the lancing pain in his side as Aragorn used the pliers to remove the arrowhead where it had been embedded in his rib. It seemed like a lifetime before he finally dislodged it. "The rib is cracked, but you are fortunate it did not puncture your lung," said the ranger as he applied the poultice. Boromir hissed as burning pain flared up when the mixture came into contact with the hole in his side, but it soon faded away to be replaced by a dull throb. "If the girl had not suddenly appeared and distracted the orcs, I fear I would be dead by now," the Gondorian said. "Where did she come from?" asked the ranger. "I do not know, although she bears some resemblance to Easterling women." "What is a woman of the Easterlings doing so far west?" No one except the girl had any answers to that question, and unfortunately, she was very much unconscious. Aragorn was finishing bandaging Boromir's ribs when the girl suddenly sat up. "But the deadline's today!" she cried. Her eyes were frantic. Then realization dawned on her, and whatever it was she'd realized, it didn't improve her mood at all. As she looked around at the trees, at them, and at the campfire, she burst into tears.