return from Rivendell. Two days worth of travel would be enough. Daín and his people watched her off. The King under the Mountain handed her gifts: a bag full of jewels. Although she didn't like it, maybe Gareth would. He was a dragon after all. "Too bad Balin wasn't here," Bombur whispered to her. "That's okay. I can visit him in Moria if I had the chance," Arestel replied. She turned to the others and hugged them each, with Dwalin being the last. "Take care, Lady Arestel," Dwalin reprimanded. His voice was as hard as a stone. Arestel smiled. "You take care, too." As she was climbing Gareth's back, a loud voice came from the crowd. The dwarves made way for their kinsman, a young-looking dwarf with dark brown beard. He wore a heavy leather tunic. What caught Arestel's attention were the two axes strapped behind his back. As she realized who it was, a wide smile graced her youthful face. "Gimli!" Arestel beamed. Said dwarf chuckled and went to greet his father's friend. Despite being younger, it looked like Gimli was the one older between them. Arestel knelt on front of him and took out her pack. She held out an Elven cake she was supposed to give Balin. "Here you go," she said. Gimli disliked Elves to the core; Arestel was the only exception. Eating a food coming from the Elves was not on his list. So, he only looked at the food and to Arestel back and forth. "You don't like it?" Her voice sounded a little hurt. "I'll take it. Thank you, Lady Arestel." Gimli immediately took the cake from her hands without the plan on eating it. Maybe Bombur would like to have another. As the Elvish girl stood up in front of him, Gimli sighed and had his eyes follow her. She mounted the golden dragon, and after another series of waves and smiles, she was finally off. "Goodbye everyone! See you real soon!" It was the last thing Gimli heard from her. But from the dragon, it was the first. "Thank you for taking care of my mistress," Gareth said nonchalantly. It was directed to Daín, who nodded in understanding and waved back. When he couldn't see them anymore, Gimli sighed and walked over to Bombur, cake still on hand. They arrived in Rivendell on the seventh day. It was sunset to be precise. They made it just in time. Elrond would have been furious if Arestel was late again. As she dismounted Gareth, Glorfindel came to greet her. He wore still the same armor he always had, with the exception of the helm and cape. "You're late," the Balrog-slayer remarked with a sly smile. "Barely," she panted. Arestel patted Gareth's muzzle. The dragon let out a soft purr before flying off to his own place to rest. Arestel had to carry the packs on her own while Glorfindel helped her with it. "What's new?" he asked. She shrugged. "Nothing much. Only Balin and the others went back to Moria. Other than that, everything seemed okay." She panted again and to Glorfindel, she looked exhausted. "Anyway, where are my brothers? Are they home?" The golden-haired Elf shook his head. "They returned to Bree four days ago. They said something occurred which needed to be fixed." By this time they reached the main entrance to the keep. There was a dark figure standing by the doorway with his arms across his chest. Erestor seemed to be waiting for them and his dark eyes were darted to Arestel. He didn't look amused at all. "What did I do now?" asked Arestel exasperatedly. Her trip was very exhausting and she had no time to argue. Erestor sighed. "It's nothing. Good to have you back, Estel." He knelt to pick up the rest of the package Arestel was holding. He led them inside the keep. Many elf-maidens bowed and greeted the two elf-lords and Arestel. "Lord Elrond was expecting you to arrive yesterday. He was disappointed and became quite worried when you didn't come," Erestor said nonchalantly. He was taking them towards Elrond's study room. Upon arriving, Erestor knocked on the door and then opened it without other words. Elrond looked up from his book and nodded at his chief counselor. At the sight of Glorfindel, he nodded also as a form of greeting. Glorfindel and Erestor made way for Arestel as she stepped forward to greet her father. "I was worried," he said. Before she had the chance to reply, Elrond hugged her gently and sighing on her silver-tinted hair. "I'm glad you're back." Author's Notes: So yeah, uh, I'm back! Thank you for those who patiently waited. I'm very grateful. Here comes the sequel to An Unexpected Adventure. Of course, new set of characters, all those who we are all familiar with. For the people who haven't read the prequel yet, I advise you to read it. Although you may not, since I'm trying to narrate what happened before. You'll be able to catch-up in no time. I hope you guys will stay with me throughout this story. Again, I'm trying not to make Arestel a Mary Sue. Lots of people keep bragging about characters being always so Mary Sue-ish. Regarding Gareth, well, people can stay calm as the reason behind his presence would surely be revealed in the story. Ósanwe is a term which means "interchange of thought". I don't recall it being mentioned in the books but in the LOTR trilogy, it is Galadriel's ability to communicate telepathically. You can say that it is one of the many abilities of the Elves. Anyway, I'd like to ask for your opinion once you've read at least the first chapter. Any suggestion will be fine, as long as it is not rude in any way. Thank you. Have a great day ahead. Next Chapter Preview: When Elrond isn't amused of Arestel's performances, he asks Glorfindel and Erestor to discipline his seemingly childish and uncontrollable daughter.