causing a few of the tears that had gathered in Elrohir's eyes to fall due to knowing what was coming after this momentary respite. "Don't be frightened, gwanur , for you know I would never harm you." Elladan reassured him. When Elrohir's breathing had a slowed a bit, Elladan reached for the switch and rested it lightly on his brother's bottom cheeks. Then he brought it down sharply at the crest of Elrohir's bottom. The younger of the twins jumped and whimpered, feeling more tears slip down his cheeks. Another five swats came down in quick succession, the last two catching his sit-spots. Then another two fell on Elrohir's upper thighs, and the younger of the twins cried out, " Nîdh !" Elladan paused, rubbing his brother's back with his left hand. His twin was close to sobs, his face buried in his cloak, his hands wringing it tightly. "Give me your hand, gwanur . I do not want to accidentally hit it." Elrohir slowly put his hand behind him and Elladan gently took it, holding it at the small of his brother's back. He ran his thumb soothingly over the back of his brother's hand. "Just four more. They will be the hardest." With that, Elladan quickly brought down the switch onto his brother's bottom twice. Then to his sit-spots twice more. Elrohir yelped loudly, and then slumped over his brother's knee, crying hard and muttering over and over again, " Goheno nin. Goheno nin ." Elladan threw the switch away from him. No wonder Ada always spoke about how it hurt him more than it did them. Their ada didn't like causing them pain, same as Elladan didn't like knowing he was the one who had caused his brother pain. He had released his brother's hand and was now rubbing gentle circles over his back, in an attempt to calm him. Elladan glanced at his brother's no-doubt sore bottom. It was pink and laced with angry red stripes, but nothing that wouldn't heal in a few days. "What you did was more something I would do than you, gwanun muin nin ." Elladan stated wryly. Elrohir sniffed, and whimpered, but made no reply. Instead he began to push himself up, his twin immediately going to assist him in standing. Elrohir's legs shook slightly, but Elladan's hand on his arm helped to keep him standing. Once he was certain his twin wasn't going to fall over, Elladan pulled his twin into his arms, holding tightly, as Elrohir's head fell to his brother's shoulder. " Gomen nin . I'm sorry." Elrohir murmured. He was still sniffling, though his tears had stopped falling. Elladan had also finally managed to completely blink back the water in his own eyes. "I know. You are forgiven, gwanur muin . Please don't make me have to do that again." Elrohir shook his head. "Do not worry. You have a hard hand. Not as hard as Ada 's, but hard." Elladan chuckled wryly, pulling back enough to press loving kiss to his brother's brow. Suddenly though, he sobered. "'Ro?" Elrohir looked at him. "Yes, 'Dan?" The older twin seemed uncomfortable. "You realize that nothing has changed. You are still my twin, my equal in every way that matters." Elrohir's eyes gleamed. "I know, 'Dan." Suddenly, he gave a wicked smile. "Though, now I can deal with you next time you act like an idiot." Elladan laughed. "Fine. We're agreed." The twins pulled away, and Elrohir began slowly pulling up his leggings with a hiss. Elladan gave him a sympathetic look. "You can leave them off if you want , gwanur nin . No one is here other than myself, and it is most definitely not the first time I've seen you naked." Elrohir shrugged. Modesty had never been an issue between the twins. They had shared a room their entire lives, and when they were younger the two had shared a bed. They still did sometimes, even now. Especially if one or both had been disciplined, or if nightmares plagued them, or sometimes if it had just been a trying day. Besides, his shirt came down to mid-thigh anyways. "I think we had best get some more rest and resume our return journey come dawn. We could both use some sleep." Elladan yawned. "I will take first watch if you would like, gwanur ." Elladan shook his head. "I think we are safe for now. And if you think I am ever going to leave you on watch again, brother, you are sadly mistaken." Elladan winked. "Come. We will both sleep now." Elladan rolled out his bedroll and then snagged Elrohir's blanket before laying back and gesturing for his twin to snuggle in beside him. Elrohir did so immediately, sighing contently as his brother wrapped his arms around him and pulled him, still lying on his stomach, so that he was practically lying atop his twin. Elladan stroked his brother's hair fondly. It was several minutes later when Elladan spoke again. "'Ro?" "Mhmm?" Came the sleepy reply. "Do you remember that old song called Hindsight that Ada used to like?" Elrohir lifted his head and looked up at his twin. "Of course. He used to tell us when we were younger that the song had been written to warn halfwits not to do stupid things." Elladan grinned. "Aye. Specifically us halfwits after we'd done something foolish. And his favorite line he would always stress to us until Nana would get mad and tell him to leave off was…?" He trailed off expectantly. Elrohir finished. "'Death is always waiting for a fool.'" "Precisely." Elrohir stuck his tongue out with a cheeky grin. Then he flopped back down on top of his brother. Elladan chuckled, and gave his brother another squeeze. It wasn't long before the both of them drifted off to a, thankfully, peaceful sleep. Translations: Ada-father, dad, daddy Gwanur-brother Gwanur muin-dear brother or brother dear Gwanur muin nin-My dear brother Nîdh-Ouch Goheno nin-Sorry or Forgive me