the door opened right at that time, smacking him right in the back of the head, and he fell into the closet near the door, and the closet door closed after him. "Good thing I keep a key under the mat," Connie said. "Hey, did you hear something?" Aragorn asked, looking around. Connie shook her head. "Nope." "That's odd. I could have sworn I heard something…" "Maybe it came from the master bedroom," Connie said. "Let's go look up there." "Okay." He followed Connie upstairs. Five minutes later, Boromir's consciousness returned to him, and he exclaimed, "Damn! I'm late!" He struggled to his feet and burst out of the closet, still a bit disoriented, and went to the door, which opened again and hit him in the head again, knocking him on his back. "What was that?" Frodo wondered, peeking in with the pizza. "Boromir?" "What's going on here?" Aragorn cried, rushing downstairs with his shirt off. He beheld Boromir lying prone on the ground, and Frodo standing over him holding a pizza. "Did you order a pizza?" Frodo asked Aragorn. "No, I didn't…" Aragorn muttered. He looked to Connie. "Did you order a pizza?" "No!" she said. "And what are you doing here?" she snapped at Boromir. "Have you two met?" Aragorn asked, raising his eyebrows. "Yeah, at Reggie's." "What were you doing at Reggie's, anyway?" Aragorn inquired. "Nothing," Boromir murmured, "Nothing at all, really…" "Will someone please tell me what is going on?" Frodo asked, still holding the pizza box. "That's what I'd like to know," Aragorn said. "Why are you here?" "I was told to bring a pizza to this address!" Frodo said, flustered. "But I wasn't home!" Connie said. "I was out with this guy!" "So how could a delivery be placed?" Aragorn murmured, thinking hard, and then he saw Boromir trying to crawl out of sight. "It must have been you." "No…" Boromir wheezed, still woozy from the knock in the head. "You had my purse!" Connie said, recalling the encounter. "You took my keys! You son of a bitch!" "That still doesn't explain the pizza," Frodo said. "Boromir, were you that hungry?" "All I wanted…" Boromir began, sniffling. "The Ring… that's what you wanted!" Aragorn said, putting the pieces together. "You knew Frodo was on call, didn't you? You thought you could play a trick on all of us?" Boromir shakily rose to his feet. "I think… I can explain all this. All I was going to do was ask the boy to share the pizza with me, and we would have a man-to-man chat, and talk about things, and…" "Don't even bother to finish," Aragorn snapped. "I see right through you." "Please forgive me, my captain," Boromir said somberly, bowing. Aragorn shook his head. "It's all right," he said. He put his hand on Frodo's shoulder. "Let's just go." "Here," Connie said, tossing his shirt down to him. "And just so you know, normally I'd have a problem with y'all just leaving like this, but it's cool because your buddy here already took care of your bill." "You paid her?" Aragorn said, gaping at Boromir. "It's a long story," Boromir moaned as they walked out the door. Night came, and the remaining Fellowship members came home from their jobs. Gandalf looked over at the new arrivees, and shrugged. Somehow, seeing Aragorn dragging Boromir behind him with Frodo in tow no longer surprised him. "Did you boys have fun tonight?" he asked, smiling slightly. "I don't want to talk about it!" Frodo spat. "I'm going to shower." "I believe Samwise is in the shower," Gandalf called after him, but Frodo didn't seem to hear. Pippin and Merry looked at each other and grinned, and Pippin said, "We'll be right back." And they got up and left. At that time, Gimli was still on hold with Microsoft, when another voice popped on and said, "Thanks for holding, Sir. What can I do for you?" "I'm trying to get a bloody Windows XP CD from you people!" Gimli roared. "Absolutely. Hold please. click." "THAT DOES IT!" Gimli bellowed. He put the phone down, and picked up his axe. "This is what I think of your operating system!" he snarled, slamming his axe into the nearest computer. Sparks flew from the broken monitor, and a current of electricity surged up the metal axe and shocked Gimli, and then all the lights in the city blinked, and went out. "God damnit!" he roared. Back at the house, Frodo was walking into the bathroom right as the lights went out. "Huh… that's odd," he said to himself, and he proceeded to try and feel his way to the sink. Suddenly, his hand touched something warm and wet. "What is that?" A hand touched his out of the darkness, feeling around in the dark. "What's going on?" said the voice of Samwise. "Sam!" cried Frodo in alarm. "Ah HA!" crowed the triumphant voice of Pippin, who flicked on a flashlight: Frodo was standing within body contact range of Sam, who was naked and dripping wet. "Uh…" Merry said, taking a step back. Frodo let out a yell and leapt back. They were so shocked that they couldn't look away. Sam looked around, blinking, and then he realized what was happening. "What are you all staring at?" he snapped, grabbing a towel and hastily covering up. "We've revealed the truth!" Merry said. "At last!" "That does it!" Sam growled, "Come here, you!" he charged after Merry, who laughed and ran from the room. As Sam passed him, Pippin grabbed the towel and yanked it off. "Just wait for it," Pippin said, winking at Frodo. "He's probably reaching the living room right about…now." And indeed, they heard a loud thud from the living room, and Gandalf say, "Oof… what on earth…?" and then the lights came back on. "Confound it all, Samwise Gamgee!" Frodo couldn't help but laugh. THE END The Odd Fellowship was written by Father Hulk and edited by Jurodan