"Gnomes are just garden pests, they're small and they look a bit like potatoes with arms and legs. They can give you a nasty bite if you don't mind your fingers." "I see," said Celeborn, trying not to laugh. He would find his first meeting with his father-in-law far less intimidating if he imagined Finarfin as a potato. "What brings you to Diagon Alley today?" asked Arthur. "I followed a very tall man with a pink umbrella," said Celeborn, "He tapped a brick with the umbrella, a hole appeared in the wall and he walked through it, so I did too." "Do you mean to say that you aren't accompanied by a wizard or witch? I assumed that you must be here with one of the Muggle-born children here for their orientation day." "No," said Celeborn firmly, "I'm here on my own." "Goodness gracious me," said Arthur, "that won't do at all. I shall have to escort you out of Diagon Alley at once. It's a good thing I found you rather than an Auror, or you'd be on your way to Azkaban now." He shuddered. "Azkaban?" "It's the... Oh, I mustn't tell you that, it would only be one more thing to... Where were you going before you came here?" Arthur finally managed to ask. "Euston station, if you must know," said Celeborn, rather resentful of Arthur's sudden change in attitude. What right did this upstart have to tell him where he could and could not go? What right did any Man have to dictate anything to an Elf who had been born in the lands that now lie beneath the waves, two thousand years before the first Men woke with the first sunrise? "Right," said Arthur, "you must leave here at once. I'll get you out through the Leaky Cauldron and set you on the road to the station. It's not far away." Celeborn found himself being dragged along the street, his half-finished ice cream left behind on the table. Arthur tapped the wall with his stick, the arch appeared and he was back in the courtyard. "This way," called Arthur, pulling Celeborn into the grottiest pub he had seen since he visited Edoras during the Fourth Age, and that inn had at least had the excuse of housing several horses during a particularly harsh winter. Before the stench and the dirt had time to bother Celeborn too much, Arthur had shoved him out of the front door into a different road, where the inn was sandwiched between a bookshop and a record store. "It was nice to meet you," said Arthur. As the wizard had done earlier in the day, Arthur waved his stick a Celeborn and shouted "Obliviate!" Celeborn was about to ask what the word meant, but Arthur didn't give him the chance. "Euston station," he said, "no, I'm afraid I can't give you directions. I'm not a local myself." He scurried back into the pub, 'The Leaky Cauldron', the sign said. "That's alright Arthur," called Celeborn, "I know my way from here!" Arthur gave him one last fearful glance over his shoulder and Celeborn heard him mumble "It's no good, I'll have to send the Ministry after him." Celeborn arrived at the station quarter of an hour before his train was due to leave. He bought his ticket - one-way, of course - and found the correct platform for the 1440 to Birmingham New Street. As he waited he saw some people dressed like the wizards he met earlier. He realised that they were looking for him and he put on his hat to cover his silver hair before hiding among the crowds of people milling about. As he was boarding the train one of them finally noticed him, and brandished her stick, yelling "Petrificus Totalus!" "Stupefy!" cried her companion. Celeborn briefly felt a slight tingling in his hands, not unlike the feeling Elves get when they are somewhat inebriated, but the hexes had no other effect on him. He climbed aboard the train, slammed the door behind him and settled down in his first-class seat for the journey. In Birmingham there were more wizards, but this time they did not see him at all, and he found he had enough time to buy a bag of cookies and a couple of muffins before he had to catch his next train. The journey across Wales was uneventful, although it rained so he couldn't see the scenery as well as he would have liked, and the train arrived in Aberystwyth a mere ten minutes late. Ulmo must have been in a generous mood that day, because there was Círdan waiting at Aberystwyth station. He was grinning happily through a beard that was longer than ever. "I heard you were coming," he said, "the ship's all ready for you, but my wife and I would be delighted if you would join us for dinner before you sail. I don't doubt you have some fine tales to tell us and as I've always said, a tale goes down much better with a bite to eat!" Círdan put Celeborn's bag into the back of his car and they set off along the road to Mithlond, which was little more than a dirt track just a few miles beyond the station. Over dinner Celeborn updated Círdan and his wife on the latest events in Rivendell, then he told them about his curious day out in London. Círdan's reaction was fairly predictable; "Don't tell Alatariel about the Gnomes," he said. It was sound advice, but Celeborn knew that he would be unable to resist teasing his wife about it. The sun had set before Celeborn finally went aboard the ship that was to carry him to Aman, or at least as far as Tol Eressëa. He had not thought that he would ever be happy to leave Middle-earth, but he found himself feeling strangely content as the ship sailed beyond the harbour. He was going home at last, to Galadriel.