in the way of running water, but they did have drains for their sinks and bathtubs. Jennifer changed into her new purple night gown and crawled into the bed. It was even softer than she thought it was! Then she remembered what Legolas had said and decided she better tell him she was going to bed. She reluctantly crawled out of it, and opened her door. She poked her head out and saw Legolas standing by the door. "I am going to bed now." "Pleasant dreams," the elf softly said. "Thank you," she timidly added. "For what?" the elf asked. "For everything! You and your father have been so nice to me! More than I deserve I'm sure! Then here you are, an elven prince, serving on me! If I could think of some way to repay you I would." "Jennifer, there is no need. I promise," he softly replied with a smile. What a funny human girl. "I am going to be next door all night should you need anything," he added. "Not necessary, you can go back to the party! Don't stay here on account of me!" she insisted. "No, I do not want to go back. Good night," he said. "Wait, before you go, I really must warn you of something. I talk in my sleep. To be perfectly honest, I make any variety of noises in my sleep. So if you hear me screaming or laughing or crying in the middle of the night, do not worry about it. It's just me asleep, and I am a sound sleeper, so don't bother waking me," she told him. "Good night!" She went into her room and remembered her contacts. She took them out and put on her thick black rimmed glasses. She found herself suddenly thirsty, and decided to ask Legolas for a glass of water. She went out of her room and knocked on his door. "Jennifer?" he asked from inside. "Yes." she replied. "I'm changing at the moment, go back to your bedroom and I will be in there in a moment." "Okay!" she replied. She went back to her room and sat on the chaise lounge. In a moment she heard Legolas knock on the door, and she bade him enter. "What did you need Jennifer?" he asked. She turned toward him and opened her mouth to speak, but he jumped back wards before she could make a sound, his white robe flying with him. His eyes were as wide as saucers, and full of curiosity. "May I ask what is on your face?" he asked drawing slowly towards her. "Oh, my glasses!" she said. "They help me see clearly." "So you cannot see well. How unfortunate," he said, then added, "Why were you not wearing them earlier?" "I was wearing my contacts." she explained. "I'll show you." she said before he could ask what they were. She went over to the mantle, and took the case out. She took one out and showed him. "So, do you put this on your eye?" He asked in amazement. He had never seen such a thing! "Yes. They are quite comfortable," she said. "They must be bothersome though." "Yes they are!" she sighed. "So what did you need?" he asked, changing the subject. "Oh, a glass of water," she replied. "I shall return with it shortly," he said and went out of the room. A few minutes later he returned with a silver pitcher and a glass. "Is that all?" he asked. "Yes. Thank you very much!" she said. "Good night Legolas!" "Good night, Jennifer!" he replied with a smile, and left the room. Jennifer crawled back into the bed and within a few minutes was as sound asleep as she had ever been. In the mean time Legolas was next door, thinking over the events of the day. He was thinking about the strange human girl that was now next door. Jennifer, what a strange name. It wasn't a name he would have picked. It sounded pleasant enough to his eleven ears however. Then he thought about her eyes. How horrible it must be, not being able to see without something on your eye or something on your face! He hadn't met many humans in his life, but the one he did know had wonderful vision for a human. Legolas thought that she should not be deprived of good eye sight, so about two hours after she went to bed, Legolas got up. He crept to her room and opened her door noiselessly. He carefully shut it behind him and slowly crept to her bed. Thanks to his elvish eye sight, he saw that she had thrown all but two of the pillows to the foot of her bed or on the floor, in her sleep. Slowly, with great care, he crept into the bed and sat next to her with crossed legs. He carefully picked up the pillow her head was on with her head yet on it, and placed it in the gap between his knees, resting her neck on his ankles. He gently placed his warm hands on her eyes. With a soft voice he started singing in the elvish tongue. After several minutes of this singing, he started tracing spirals on her closed eye lids. His fingers barely touched her skin. For how long he sung, no one knows. When his song was finished he placed one hand on her brow and started singing another song, a song of dreams. He was giving her an elvish dream. When he was finished, he carefully placed her pillow and head back on the bed and silently crept out of the room with a smile on his face. He was excited; he couldn't wait till the next morning when Jennifer would wake up. A/N: Congratulations! You made it to the end of the first chapter! So, did you like it? Hate it? Don't keep reviews to yourself! I need to know what you think!