pounded into her upper body as well as her head. Asano covered her face with her arms so that they took the brunt of her punishment. Soon she could no longer feel the blows even though they came down. The vibration of the force of each kick and punch rocked her body back and forth. Of all the many deaths she envisioned for herself, be they terrible or merciful, being beaten to death was not one of them. Asano began to wonder if maybe it might have been better if she had stayed home in relative peace in the quiet of the desert than to travel so far away from all she knew to die. Legolas walked he cracked marble roadway humming a tune to relax himself, while his dear friend, Gimli grumbled about the architecture and it's faults. He was glad for the time that at least one battle was over, and that none of his young friends had been killed. But he was also aware that this one was not the final one, no, that still waited ahead of them. "Well elf, in all your wisdom," he began with a bit of sarcasm, "what do you say? Do any of us have a chance?" "Of what awaits us, reason would say unlikely. But might heart tells me that there is hope and remember our deal master dwarf, if that is an incentive to survive for I haven't forgotten." He replied in a teasing tone with the effort of lightening the dark mood. "Yes, yes. You elves and your tree's, just give me solid earth and…." He trailed off when Legolas suddenly turned his head as if listening. To Legolas the shouts and cries were all quite clear, he could even distinguish some voices from others and they were filled with rage. He went quickly in the direction of the ruckus with Gimli beside him holding his axe haft just in case of real trouble. Legolas moved quickly down a short lane till he entered one of the lower circles. There he came upon a small crowd of maybe 15 people all yelling and shouting a once, so great was the clamor that their words were indistinguishable. Legolas saw that two soldiers were trying in vain to stop the group without using force, but it was of little use against these people. These survivors who had seen much already were not feeding off each other's anger and fear, he could feel it like the waves of the sea. Legolas stepped up to one of the soldiers and touched him on the shoulder plate of his armor. The man turned suddenly and realizing who had touched him, stared at him in complete and utter shock. "What is happening here," Legolas asked gesturing to the yelling crowd. "There is an enemy soldier in that group, I believe they will beat him death!" The soldier explained almost shouting over the cries. Legolas frowned deeply, " the killing should end, at least for today." He stepped forward into the jostling crowd as he passed through people stopped their cursing and shouting and stared in amazement as the elf passed by. Then in surprise as Gimli followed in his wake growling and holding out his axe for them all to see. Reaching the center, Legolas found the figure of the soldier laying on his side in a curled position. He looked like he had taken a good eating on top of possible battle wounds, the soldier realized his assault had stopped uncovered his face and looked towards Legolas. The eyes that focused on him were sharp with defiance even after such a beating and were the finest pale jade he had ever seen. Then taking in the face below him; the pointed chin, full lips, straight nose and smooth forehead. Legolas realized, Ai! This was no man! This was a woman! "Apparently, the Lady of Rohan is not the only woman in want of battle," Legolas said in a clear voice. "So she is," Gimli replied in surprise, "well, we cannot leave her here." "No, I was not planning on it friend Gimli," then turning to crowd he said, "who knew this soldier to be a woman." The shocked faces around them gave no answer and Legolas felt that they would be of little help anyway. Man or woman, this soldier was still a willful enemy and servant to the dark lord and that was a point that could not be overlooked. Bending down Legolas picked up the woman she was unconscious now and a dead weight in his arms, but nothing which he could not handle. "What exactly are we going to do with her," Gimli asked as they departed and the gaurds were able to take control of the stunned crowd again. "I am taking her to be healed. What else would you expect me to do with her," Legolas answered as they headed for the higher levels. "I do not think that the people of this city will be willing to heal this one," gimli said, pointing to the unconscious woman. "The healers if they are in anyway like ours, will heal her despite her role in this fray," Legolas replied shifting so that her head was cradled more firmly. The dwarve's response was a gruff non-commital noise akin to a snort. He pushed his axe back into the holster and walked along side his strange elvish friend. Legolas for himself was not too worried about the woman soldier, her eyes burned with life and the will to survive and fear in hard pools of pale jade. No this one was a born survivor and someone who swore herself to Sauron would surely need that instinct. He would inform Aragorn of the woman and her capture, as well as her condition. Surely, he surmised Aragorn would be judicious in dealing with her or so he hoped. For he knew tonight his wandering reverie would colored green and filled with stubborn defiance.