him ideas. ' ' Just be careful. ' Aragorn restated. ' We don't want him anymore suspicious than he already is. ' ' I understand Aragorn. ' Vanya replied. ' Don't worry. ' There was loud and long applause after he finished. Frodo had a good voice, and the song tickled their fancy. 'Where's old Barley?' they cried. 'He ought to hear this. Bob ought to learn his cat the fiddle, and then we'd have a dance.' They called for more ale, and began to shout: 'Let's have it again, master! Come on now! Once more!' They made Frodo have another drink, and then begin his song again, while many of them joined in; for the tune was well known, and they were quick at picking up words. It was now Frodo's turn to feel pleased with himself. He capered about on the table; and when he came a second time to 'the cow jumped over the Moon' he leaped in the air. Much too vigorously; for he came down, bang, into a tray full of mugs, and slipped, and rolled off the table with a crash, clatter, and bump! The audience all opened their mouths wide for laughter, and stopped short a gaping silence; for the singer disappeared. He simply vanished, as if he had gone right through the floor without leaving a hole! ' That idiot! ' Vanya hissed, making her thoughts known to Aragorn. ' There's no helping it now . ' Aragorn replied. The local hobbits stared in amazement, and then sprang to their feet and shouted for Barliman. All the company drew away from Pippin and Sam, who found themselves left alone in a comer, and eyed darkly and doubtfully from a distance. It was plain that many people regarded them now as the companions of a travelling magician of unknown powers and purpose. But there was one swarthy Bree-Lander, who stood looking at them with a knowing and half-mocking expression that made them feel very uncomfortable. Presently he slipped out of the door, followed by the squint-eyed southerner: the two had been whispering together a good deal during the evening. Harry the gatekeeper also went out just behind them. Frodo felt foolish. Not knowing what else to do, he crawled away under the tables to the dark comer by Strider and Shadow, who sat unmoved, giving no sign of their thoughts. Frodo leaned back against the wall and took off the Ring. 'Well?' said Strider, when he reappeared. 'Why did you do that? Worse than anything your friends could have said! You have put your foot in it! Or should I say your finger?' 'I don't know what you mean,' said Frodo, annoyed and alarmed. 'Oh yes, you do,' answered Strider; 'but we had better wait until the uproar has died down. Then, if you please, Mr. Baggins, I should like a quiet word with you.' 'What about?' asked Frodo, ignoring the sudden use of his proper name. 'A matter of some importance – to us both,' answered Shadow, looking Frodo in the eye. 'You may hear something to your advantage.' 'Very well,' said Frodo, trying to appear unconcerned. 'I'll talk to you later.' A/N: So, I live. Surprisingly enough. Sorry for the long wait, way too much has been going on. I started college courses last semester and that took up a lot of time, this semester is much easier though. Also, the muses for most of my stories are missing. I won't work on several of the others for a while as I am unsure of where my plots will actually go. On a happier note I got a pet squirrel. He is the cutest thing ever. I named him Pippin because on each of his paws he has little brown spots that look like the fur on a hobbit's foot. He eats like a hobbit too, lol. Although he isn't an indoor squirrel, he still lives outdoors, but he'll come up to me if I'm outside and I give him different nuts and things. Mom says I spoil him... which I probably do. Anyway, for the story. Anything that is Bold is being spoken in Elvish. Anything that is Italicised is being spoken through thoughts. If you have both... well, I'm sure you all are smart enough to figure what that is. How they came about finding the hobbits is slightly different than what happened in the books, but I have no idea what took place, therefore (as it is my story) i have changed things around a little. And as I said in the disclaimer, I own very little of the plot. Anything that seems familiar is most likely taken directly from the books themselves. I shall be following the entire journey, splitting it up into three stories (as Tolkien has done). Although, the mind speaking I sortof took from both Eragon and a book series called 'animorphs' (or something like that, I haven't read it since I was nine). Ever since I made my character (when I was ten or eleven {because I first read LotR when I was 8 and have read it 15 times since}) she has had a Dragon companion. I would waffle back and forth between mind speaking and regular speaking. After Eragon I finally decided on mind speaking. But there is no magic acompanying the connection. And for you reader to get a lot of what goes on with Vanya, I would suggest reading my other LotR story 'The Life of a Ranger's Daughter'. I will be explaining/simplifying things throughout this story, but it would probably help to read that one first. Sorry the Author's Note was so long. This will be the last long one for a while. I wanted to clear up something and such. Don't forget to Rate and Review! ~ DD P.S. Oh yeah, thanks to this story, everyone will get my username. *Minuial (Pronounced 'mine-you-all") ~ Elvish for dawn (More literally the time near dawn, when the stars fade).