Legolas said, pre-empting him. "Can you fault her for transferring her worry into anger? Tolerance wears thin in circumstances as these." Elrohir felt his insides knot. It had been ten years since the events that had nearly torn apart the bonds that held him to Legolas, and Elrohir's over-involvement in affairs of the state was still a source of much tension between the pair. While Aragorn was not as overwhelmed now as Elrohir had been then, there was still much that cried for his attention of late, and he had devoted much of his time and effort into them instead of being by his wife and newborn daughter. Aragorn too knew of what Legolas spoke, and he bit back his acrid rebuttal. "I urge you to consider how much power you have over their happiness," Legolas said. Seeing Faramir trying to interrupt, he pressed on, "And you too, Faramir. It is easy to forget their needs when they try their best to forgive you." Elrohir stirred, but Legolas pushed his touch away gently. Shaking his head to clear it, Legolas gave a small smile. "But I tattle on too much. Should we turn our thoughts to this attack instead?" "Will you stay here?" Aragorn said, after he had taken some time to digest what Legolas was saying. Remembering Legolas's rebuke, Elrohir bit back his first reaction and turned to his spouse instead. "I will stay behind if you wish, meleth - lover - ." Legolas turned the matter over in his head a few times, then said, "No, Roh, you must return with Estel. I will follow in a matter of days." "No, Lass," Elrohir said. "You swore fealty to Gondor, and she now needs your service," Legolas said, giving Elrohir one of his radiant smiles that never failed to send stirrings of warmth down his spine. "I do not think less of you for responding to this call. Aragorn and Faramir flashed grateful looks at Legolas. Elrohir was sharp and a born statesman, an invaluable ally and leader. "When do we leave?" Elrohir said, setting aside his misgivings. "Now, if possible," Aragorn said. "Would that be too hasty?" Elrohir said. "I believe Arwen will understand better come morning," Legolas said. "There will be little use arriving in Gondor past midnight." The cloud across Aragorn's face grew darker. Indeed he had all but forgotten about Arwen's unhappiness in light of all the other things that called for his attention. "Aragorn, please, do not concern yourself with things we can do nothing about 'till tomorrow," Faramir said. "If it would ease your mind, I will ride back to Minas Tirith now and await your arrival --" "No, Faramir. This cannot wait. Elrohir and I will leave now. If you would be so kind as to speak to Arwen for me, Legolas," Aragorn said, feeling suddenly irritated with Arwen. Surely it was obvious that he did not wish for this anymore than she did! "I do not wish to upset her further tonight." "If you ask it of me, I will see it done, Estel. Yet, that is not an indication of what I feel about your pig-headed decision." "Just do it, Legolas!" "Hold your tongue, Estel, or I shall do it for you," Elrohir snarled, finding it difficult to keep calm when Aragorn was attacking his beloved. "Roh," Legolas said. "Lass, stop being so patient!" "I apologise for causing offence, but my mind has been made up, and I wish for no further intercourse on this manner," Aragorn said. An equally surly look appeared on Elrohir's face, but he allowed Aragorn to issue his last instructions to Faramir before striding out of the room. "If there is one thing Estel has learnt from you, meleth -- lover --, 'tis sheer doggedness!" Legolas said, pursing his lips in faint amusement. "Do not jest of it, Lass. There remains still enough reason in me to recognise the harm such behaviour brings about." "But now, let us focus our attention on your return to Minas Tirith. Promise to keep a good eye on Estel, both of you, and I shall see that Arwen and the children enjoy whatever is left of their time here. I feel a detour to Ithilien on the way back to Minas Tirith might be in order." "You will go to Ithilien?" Elrohir said, surprised. "May I remind you that I do have a kingdom and household to run as well, Elmaethor." Elrohir smiled. While he and Legolas had been forced to keep their relationship a secret in Gondor, they lived as spouses in the fair realm of Ithilien in the large dwelling-house which Legolas had constructed from living plant-matter. And living under the same eaves undisturbed had its distinct advantages. "Mayhap Arwen and the children might stay in Ithilien until it is safe?" Elrohir said. "If it would ease your worries, yes. Although you cannot take Estel's place in deciding what is best for his family, Roh, and I hope you do not try." "They enjoy being in Ithilien --" "Very well, Roh. Now, you must have a light supper before you ride out. I can scarcely remember the last time you had something to eat." "I remember too well when my last feast was, Lass, even if you do not." Faramir let out a great groan as Elrohir stepped closer to Legolas. "Would my heart never stop bursting with love for you?" Elrohir murmured, ignoring Faramir. The smile Legolas gave him continued to be seared in his mind as he left for their set of rooms and Legolas hurried down to the kitchens in search of sustenance. xxxxx A/N: Hullo and welcome back to this 4th Age tale. I realise that some of it might be uncomfortably topical, but I really want to explore the nature of loss and statesmanship and the separation of private from public life. Coming from a city which has been through this first-hand, all I hope is that I have done it justice.