almost sadly, before he turned to the person behind me, and said, "Give him to me." The person holding sighed and did just that. "Take him closer to the fire and help me strip him down, so we can get him into some dryer clothes. He will catch his death of cold, otherwise." The angel took me over, closer to the flames before taking off my oversized tunic and long sleeved shirt. Both of them gasped when they saw my back, the golden haired angel quickly took off my strapless bra so they could have better access to my skinned back. I heard the sound of someone rummaging around before the stranger said, "Put that on his back after you clean it up with this." I heard something slide across the wooden floor before a wet rag gently cleaned off my back. When he got to a sore spot I had to bit my lip to keep from yelping. I waited for him to move onto a different area, but he stayed there. Suddenly, he stopped and prodded something on my back; I let out a whimper. "There's a piece of wood stuck in there," he muttered. Without warning; he nimbly pulled it out, making me yell out in pain. I whimpered softly and he apologized. There was a sound of something being opened and he smeared something on my back. The relief was almost instant. Sighing, I relaxed my tense body as he kept spreading the cream on my back. He bandaged my back, ministered to my other cuts, and removed my hat. I heard him set it down saying, "Can you stand up so we can take off the rest of your clothes?" I bit my lip and nodded, taking off my boots after getting to my feet. His hand, which held onto me to make sure I wouldn't fall, suddenly tightened. I turned towards him to see his shocked face staring at me. "Impossible." He choked out, causing another angel to appear behind him, just as stunning as mine. They looked at each other in shock. What was wrong? Why were they looking at me like that? I worriedly looked between the two of them, crossing my arms across my chest. My angel reached out and cautiously felt my ears, I shivered at the sensation. Bewildered; he breathed out the words, "An Elfling?" "Looks like it." The angel next to him uttered disbelieving. "I will…I will go tell the others." The other angel snuck another glance at me, before striding out the door. "An elf-child…" My angel muttered to himself. "Well, this changes things." To Be Continued... Translations: Nórui is the sixth month of the year (June) in Sindarin and is a name used by the Dúnedain. The reason I have used June is because it is one of the wetter months in Europe, second only to July. It is more likely that a big storm would happen around that time than say... Narbeleth (October). Find more information at Realelvish and at the Arda Encyclopedia. Explanations: *The drowning vision, as cheesy as it sounds, is based almost exactly from a real-life near-drowning survivor's account on what happened to her. www. experienceproject stories/Had-A-Near-Death-Experience/ 1384412 (Just remember to take out the spaces.) Just assume that the light and whispering voices are the valar or something. It will most likely be explained better in the story later on. Maybe. *As for the name "Honor Rae," I know someone named that. The character's personality is mostly based of the real life version. (Although the real life Honor Rae prefers to be called "Rae.") *The term "Country Bumpkin Minnesotan" is in no way meant to offensive. I often refer to myself as such. For I was born and raised in the Rural areas of Minnesota. (Until recently, where I have been dragged off by my "Mall Rat" parents. I still visit my grandparents who still live in the far outskirts of Washington county.) I am used to the terms: country hick, bumpkin, and hillbilly among other things. The only thing that is correct about those fore-mentioned statements is that I have a tendency to speak "five times" slower than a normal human being and use old fashion adages and sayings. The most accurate description I have ever been called is a grandma. (Curtesy of my own mother. I love my mother, I really do.) *As for Honor Rae's regression, she has become an elfling. Any human who ever becomes an elf will have regressed. There are no exceptions. The reason is the aging process that elves go through around their first century, both mentally and physically. When they are first born and up to their fifties, elves will grow at the rate of one year (when compared to a human) for every two point five years. So when they are twenty-five, they will appear to be ten years old. They will stop physically aging when they are fifty and will appear to be in their twenties and late teens. Their mind will continue to age at the rate of one year for every two point five years. When they have reached the one century mark they will be considered adults in the elvish society, because by then they would have the mental maturity (theoretically speaking) of a forty-year old. I also have a theory that for every thousand years or so they may age one year or so, but that may vary with their stress levels and such. Remember: There is always room for growth if not physical then mental! Advertisement: TITLE: Roel AUTHOR: Mayumi Mizuki ID: 8470649 SUMMARY: A companion collection to Ring of Endless Light, a collaboration posted by my co-author neoko-chan, side stories and such. Requests taken. OPINION: Rather nice. It's a refreshing thing to read in between our chapters to see what is happening back at Honor Rae and Laura's home as well as some flash-backs and one-shots. Beautifully done and simple. Date Submitted: Wensday, August 29, 2012