pure heart. It had caught Faelwen. But he hadn't the time to dwell on that, for the intensity of the trees' screams both shocked him and pained him to the very core of his fea. Never before had he heard any living thing in such agony. Then there was another shriek. It was not a tree. The elfling had his doubts about it being the monsters. He tried desperately not to whimper. Mummy, where are you? After what seemed like ages the tree relaxed its roots around him and groaned exhaustedly. He took his hands away from his ears and heard elves talking outside. They sounded sad, and were talking about evil spiders. He unclenched his eyes and stared straight into the face of an ancient elf. XxxxX Suiadan was both shocked and scared when he listened to the tree's sad tale. The death of the queen had hit his company hard, and that was just the beginning. Shockwaves would run through Eryn Lasgalen for years. And Thranduil... How will the young king cope? Thranduil wasn't exactly young, Suiadan knew; he had been born in the generation before Thranduil, and as a friend and mentor, had watched him grow up. But he supposed that they were young to the trees, which had no method of counting time other than the seasons. This will hit him hard. Too hard. Maybe enough to... Suiadan shook his head sharply. He could not allow himself to think like that. No. He'll pull through. He has to. For the people's sake. For Legolas's sake. Legolas? An ancient beech the other side of the clearing cried sharply. The entire company gazed at it. Aye, I know that name. 'Tis the name the she-elf called this little one, buried in my roots. Suiadan jumped up and almost sprinted to the tree, followed by his companions. May I? Be my guest. Suiadan stuck his head into the hole at the base of the tree. He found himself staring straight into the shocking blue eyes of a little boy. Even though he had been expecting it, the sudden appearance of the boy shocked him. The child was unmistakably Thranduil's son, with the eyes and the golden hair that was so rare for elves outside of Aman. After a few moments he regained the use of his voice. "Are you alright, little one? Are you hurting anywhere?" The young prince shook his head. Strands of gold fell elegantly across his pale face. He looked so like his adar. Still gob-smacked at having found the son of the King in the middle of the forest with his dead naneth only a few feet away, Suiadan yanked his head back out of the hole long enough to hiss barely audible orders at his men. "Move her body! Do it now! Quick!" Legolas could not be allowed to see such things , Suiadan thought. But then, maybe he had already . No sooner had he returned his head to the hole he heard a small voice. It was so thin, so quiet. His sensitive ears barely heard it. "Where's nana?" Suiadan gulped nervously. What would one say to an elfling in such a situation? "Umm, she's sleeping, tithen pen." "I want to see her." Suiadan felt a hand on his shoulder and withdrew from the hole. One of his soldiers, Bregolas, replaced him. Bregolas would be better off dealing with this, he thought. He had two of his own, though they were far older now. "Legolas, tithen pen, do you want to come out? It's nice and warm out here, and the nasty monsters are gone." There was the sound of shuffling and scraping, and Bregolas emerged with a tiny elfling safe in his arms, to the quiet cheers of the other warriors. "You're sure they are gone?" His eyes darted around nervously, never settling on any one thing. The presence of so many unfamiliar faces couldn't have helped, either. "Yes, I'm sure. We made them go ourselves. That's what we do. It's our job." At this statement the prince seemed to come alive. "Really?" "Really." Suiadan looked around and saw that many of his men had stopped doing their tasks to watch their prince. "Do you want to play a game whilst we're waiting for your ada to come and get you?" Legolas thought about saying yes, that was obvious. But then his tiny brow creased and a shadow of worry crossed his face. "I'm already playing a game, with nana. I was supposed to be very still, with my eyes closed and my ears covered." Bregolas shot him a fearful glance. How much should they reveal? Suiadan cleared his throat. All eyes in the clearing focused on him. He focused his own on Bregolas, hoping that he would explain why she didn't respond to him. "My prince, I can show you your naneth, if you want." Fortunately for him, the healer did. "You must be very quiet, though. She's asleep because she is very tired and she won't be awake for some time." Tauron took the prince by the hand and led him towards the body of his naneth. As soon as he saw her the little child tugged his hand free and ran to her, the person who had given her life for his own, though he knew it not. "Nana! Nana? The game's over now. Nana!" Suiadan felt a slight prickling in the corners of his eyes. He knew that the others had tears in their eyes too. For all the elfling's attempts to wake her were in vain. They knew their queen's spirit had already fled. "Nana!" Ai, Valar. What was he going to tell Thranduil? ... I started writing this absolutely ages ago. But I haven't had a chance to really concentrate on it until now. Then I thought, because of the wonderful reviews I've had, I'd attempt to continue it! Please read and review, they keep Bubbles the plot bunny happy and baking virtual cookies ;)