creatures the year before. They had mourned the fair and kind Lady of the Woods, the Lord of Dale had send condolences to King Thranduil in the name of his people, and there had been lots of talk among the townsfolk, about the unfairness of the world that allowed the creatures of evil to extinguish one of the brightest lights among the firstborn. Tinnia had thought of Legolas, and hoped that he, too, would have a shoulder to cry on and a kind soul that would calm his distress with gently given songs and love. He did not look as if that had been the case. In fact, he looked…old. Worn out, lifeless, listless, captivated in grief. Clearly, he attempted to hide it and to be just as kind and lively as his mother as he made his way from one stall to the next, but he fooled no one. People answered to his inquiries in a subdued manner, they barely dared showing him their goods, and he bought next to nothing. When he reached Tinnia's stall he opened his mouth but no words came out. As his gaze swept over the books it looked as if the sight of them pained him; still he reached a hand out and gingerly touched the cover of a collection of poems. "She would have liked it," Tinnia said softly. He pulled his hand back as if it had been burnt. "I do not wish to…I do not…" And then he fled. ooOoo IX. The ache in her joints grew stronger with each day, her hands no longer were able to do something as delicate as drawing or writing, but that didn't matter anyway, for her eyes failed her, too, and only provided her with blurred images of the world. She couldn't seem to get warm, even when sitting right next to the roaring fireplace, and her legs refused to carry her where she wanted to go if the way was longer than from her bedroom to the kitchen. Therefore it was no wonder her children tried to persuade her not to set up a stall at that year's Yule market. But Tinnia resorted to the way of begging that had been successful eighty years ago, and to her utmost satisfaction, it did the trick once again. She didn't have many books to sell, for she had not made one for years, and none of her children had inherited her gift for bookmaking. Her business would die with her, and she felt in her bones that it wasn't a long time till then any more. She had, however, an item to give away, and she desperately hoped that the receiver of it would make an appearance, that she hadn't chased him away forever. She need not have worried. Waiting for him took much longer than anticipated—rumour said the prince had been made to accompany his father at the counsel—but shortly before twilight, there was the usual sudden excitement, the straightening of postures and alignment of goods, and then Legolas appeared. More mature than ever, but without the strain of fresh grievance in his features, he looked just as otherworldly beautiful as the late queen, the resemblance to her striking, both in looks and in bearing. His smile was amiable as he chatted to the mongers, his look open and friendly, and people responded to him as they would have done to his mother. He seemed genuinely pleased to see Tinnia, even though he took little heed of her goods. "I must apologise," he said. "I was very rude the last time we met." "No, you weren't," she replied. "You were grieving. That's all." "You are most generous, Mistress Tinnia." He bowed his head, then looked up again and continued, a little uncertain, "May I inquire how you are faring?" "I'm old," she said, as if he could understand the concept and the implications. "We're meeting for the last time." He blinked. No, he certainly didn't understand. He had encountered death already, but that had been a violent death, and he didn't understand that it could also come as a blessing. "I have a gift for you," she said. "A farewell gift, if you will." He accepted the small item, weighed it in his hand it for a moment, then looked at Tinnia, and, at an encouraging nod from her, folded back the linen in which it was wrapped. Tinnia saw his eyes glaze over as he stared at the small picture. It was the last thing she'd ever drawn, the motif taken from her memory but unforgettable and still so vivid as if she'd seen it only yesterday. It showed a mother and her child, the Elven queen gazing lovingly down at her baby son, who rested in her arm, his tiny fist closed around her finger. "You are most generous," Legolas repeated. "Have my eternal thanks, dear mistress. I wish I could somehow…reciprocate." "Oh, lad, you have nothing to reciprocate. Over the years you've given me more than you'll ever know." They parted, eventually. A couple of books changed hands first, but for once Legolas let them be carried by a valet. The prince clutched the small drawing to his chest while he walked along the stalls, like the child he had once been; and Tinnia believed she saw him bounce on his feet every now and then. ooOoo X. The old bookmaker Tinnia died two days after the winter solstice. It is said that an Elf attended her funeral, but it can't be verified for none of the other attendees is alive to give account of that. What can be verified, though, is that every ten years, the day after the Yule market there can be a found a small token next to the marker on Tinnia's grave: a small animal, a flower, a leaf, all carved of wood, masterfully crafted as only an Elven hand could. ***fin*** The language of friendship is not words but meanings. ~ Henry David Thoreau