having grown up more real than changes in your handwriting!" Elrohir said, smiling as they finally broke apart. "Valar, you have grown so much!" A wry grin spread across Legolas's face. "You should have seen your faces when the trap was sprung! I had to try very hard not to laugh out loud!" Elrohir's scowl would have been menacing had he not been trying to fight off his joy. "What in Mordor's name were you hoping to achieve with that?" "Just so that you know reaching my majority does not mean that I have become old and boring like you." Elladan pretended to cuff his head but settled for an embarrassing ruffling of his hair. "Nay, little one, for one, we would not dream of allowing you near anything dangerous and boring, for you are still so small." Elrohir had to hold his sides to contain his laughter at the phrase that Legolas emitted. "Now there, mind your language, or I shall be forced to wash your mouth with soap!" Elladan said, jumping out of the way when Legolas tried to strike out at him. "Enough, Dan," Elrohir said, when he could speak again. "What possessed you to deceive us, then?" "It was fascinating to hear all you had to say about me -- falsehoods, most of them -- but reassuring to know what you have not forgotten our friendship!" "A fool I would be to believe that! Would we have come here if we no longer valued you as a friend?" Legolas shrugged, although there was no mistaking the glimmer in his eyes. Elrohir almost had to pinch himself to ensure that he was not dreaming, that they had finally been reunited after so many years forced apart by necessity and duty. He had been looking forward to this day ever since Legolas had written and asked them to visit him the at the edge of Eryn Galen, for he was finally allowed to travel without a guard now that he had reached his majority. The twins had sent back their enthusiastic approval for the idea and spent the ensuing weeks before their departure searching out an appropriate gift for Legolas's majority. Elrohir removed a fine dagger from his belongings and presented it to Legolas. "Dan and I thought you might like this," he said. Legolas's face lit up even more as he drew the blade from its sheath and saw the fine, elegant carvings of Imladrin design, so familiar to him even after all these years, and the sharpness of the blade that suggested it could slice through metal without exerting much force. On the hilt was a pattern of twin stars entwined with a leaf. "Thank you," Legolas said, beaming. "It is beautiful." "We are sorry we could not attend the celebrations, Lass, but you know what your father might say," Elrohir said. A grimace worked its way onto Legolas's face. "It is just as well. Esendri and I spent the next few days trying to hold our heads up." The twins roared with laughter, and Legolas joined in. It rang through the woods, bringing back memories of the time Legolas had spent in Imladris as a child, constantly flanked by his twin guardians. Laughter gave way to talk, and the trio found themselves staying up long into the night, Legolas giving an account of his life after returning to Eryn Galen and the numerous adventures he had still managed to have while kept under strict guard by Thranduil. He also spoke of how dismayed his father was growing at the persistence of his irreverent spirit and good humour, and his refusal to follow in the respectable footsteps of his father and brother. Birdsong alerted them to the arrival of dawn, and Legolas looked up from where he had settled his head on Elrohir's outstretched thigh. "Ai, I have failed to realise we had been talking for so long!" "Poor Lass, long past his bedtime!" Elladan said. Legolas ignored him and turned to look up at Elrohir instead. "Any adventures in mind?" "It would do you good not to obsess over high adventures, for they have a nasty habit of thrusting themselves upon us, much to your detriment," Elrohir said. "Let them come," Legolas said, grinning. "I see you still have the self-destructive tendency in you," Elladan said, chuckling. "Who does not?" "Yours appears to be abnormally strong." "Leave him alone, Dan," Elrohir said. Elladan let out an exaggerated sigh. "Lass over Dan, it always boils down to that." "Of course! If you look at me, you would see why!" Legolas said. "But enough talk! I was wondering if you would possibly like a trip to Halisden? It is but a day's ride from here, and I am told the night markets are fascinating!" "I was not aware it was a place the first-born visited," Elladan said. "Which is why we shall be disguising ourselves! It would be half the fun, pretending to be Mortals!" "I doubt you will get away with it," Elrohir said, studying Legolas's well-defined shape. "How difficult can it get?" Legolas said, sitting up to look at Elrohir. "I have been dying to visit Halisden since I was a small child, and what better way to explore it than with the both of you? Shall we?" Grinning at each other, the twins started strapping on their weapons, delighted to be able to go marauding with their friend again. xxxxx A/N: Hullo all, and welcome back to the beautiful universe of Legolas and the twins. For those of you who have just joined us, this is a sequel to my earlier story, A Precious Find . Feel free to read this as a stand-alone of course, but I never fail to plug my other tales when I have a chance! I hope you like it as much as the last, granted the feel is very different. I enjoyed creating the backdrop to this, but decided to let it be more light-hearted this time around.