his movements had disturbed Pippin's already uneasy sleep. He silently moved through the main hall so as not to wake the sleeping occupants catching sight of Eowyn asleep on a small chaise longue out the corner of his eye. Feeling the room had become cooler now the press of bodies had gone he knelt down beside the dwindling fire to rekindle it. When he was sure the log had caught he moved over to the sleeping woman moving the hem of the cloak covering her down over her bare foot and pulling the fur collar further up over her shoulder. Her voice was slurred with sleep as she spoke, not fully conscious and her eyes still closed "What time is it?" Aragorn gently spoke hoping to coax her back to sleep "Not yet dawn" he turned to leave but found his hand caught in hers, she blinked still not quite fully awake "I dreamed I saw a great wave climbing over green lands and above the hills. I stood upon the brink. It was utterly dark in the abyss before my feet. A light shone behind me but I could not turn" he knelt down next to her sensing she was upset "I could only stand there, waiting." He gently patted her hand "Night changes many thoughts. Sleep Eowyn. Sleep while you can." Her eyes blinked as she succumbed to the pull of slumber once more, her words sending a shiver through him as he stood. He was so in thought that he did not realise where his feet had taken him until he began to fill his pipe and noticed Legolas' form standing as a silent sentinel in the night. Aragorn made his way over to his friend's side, Legolas did not acknowledge him but stayed staring out at the horizon, his eyes slightly glazed which led the ranger to believe he was drifting through elven dreams and memories. The elf spoke quietly making the man start "The stars are veiled. Something stirs in the East, a sleepless malice" the blue eyes clearing as he glanced at his friend "The eye of the enemy is moving." A shiver went down the man's spine causing the hairs on the back of his neck to stand up, he looked warily around beginning to feel the same oppressive change in the atmosphere that Legolas had already sensed. Legolas gasped, his eyes searching the skies as his breathing increased, Aragorn stepped next to him questioningly as the blue eyes became impossibly wide, an ethereal glow beginning to emanate from the elf which dissipated the chill in the air around them. An awful silence snapped into place, nothing moving in the still night. Legolas locked a frightened gaze with Aragorn "He is here!" A sickening realisation ran through the man, chilling him "The Palantir!" he sprinted back to their room, Legolas following closely behind. Aragorn could hear a commotion behind the closed door, Merry's voice yelling something and he slammed the door open, staring in shock at the scene before him. Pippin had his gaze locked on the Palantir, no longer was it cold and dead, it was glowing with a fiery light bringing with it an air of great malice which suffocated the room. Pippin was in pain seemingly unable to release the item in his hands as Merry cried out pleadingly to his friend. Legolas watched in shock as Aragorn rushed forward, grabbing the stone from Pippin's grasp, there was a shift in the air, the ranger gasping as Sauron's gaze rested fully upon on him. Legolas grabbed his friend to help break the connection but as he came into contact with his friends skin an evil feeling of dread swept through his heart. He forced himself to not recoil as they fell to the floor together, the fall causing the Palatir to harmlessly roll away for Aragorn's grip. Gandalf threw his cloak over it which instantly broke the oppression that filled the room. Legolas could see wizard tending to the small hobbit but was distracted by worry for Aragorn, who had his eyes similarly open, no recognition in the depths of the silver eyes. The elf brushed his hand over the ranger's forehead speaking quietly in the grey tongue "Estel, do you hear me? Come back Mellon nîn, come back to the light" Aragorn could feel warmth pulling him away from the darkness that was threatening to suffocate him, he could see a light in the distance. He turned towards it hearing a voice he trusted filling the darkness around him with hope "Lasto beth nîn, tolo dan nan galad." ((Listen to my voice, come back to the light.)) It felt like he had broken the surface of a deep pool as he blinked, gasping a deep breath of air in. He watched in wonder as Legolas' form shimmered in front of his eyes. He was fascinated as his friend's voice became low and ethereal, his blonde hair now un-braided and being gently buffeted by an invisible breeze. A white silken shirt added to the pale glow of the elf's skin, Legolas' whole body glowing brightly as it sent the darkness from Aragorn's heart. He smiled up as he glimpsed the true form of his friend, closing his eyes for a second. When he opened them the room was always as it had been, Legolas was no longer glowing and was dressed as he always had been "Are you alright?" the elf's voice was sounded the same as it usually did. Aragorn swallowed, "Yes, thanks to you" he sat up with the elf's help looking over to Gandalf and Pippin while leaning back into his friend's supportive embrace. They could hear Pippin speaking slowly obviously upset as Gandalf questioned him. They both rose, their movements stilling as Pippin's next words were heard "A tree, there was a white tree in a courtyard of stone. It was dead. The city was burning." It appeared the fight would be taken to Minas Tirith.