to say, "You do not mean that. You enjoy this as much as I do." Rhinure caught one of his wrists before he could move. Her grip was tight and when Legolas tried to free his wrist, she tightened it even further until it became painful. "I do not enjoy it at this moment." The words were so cold that Legolas knew that he had succeeded in illustrating how much she desired him, and how little resistance she had against his advances. He had also managed to humiliate her in the process. That had not been his intent, he had just wanted to … Legolas frowned when he realised he was not sure what he wanted to do, just make her understand some measure of the hurt her words and actions had caused him. Somehow that original purpose had gotten lost and all he had managed to do was hurt her in petty retaliation. In wretched defeat, Legolas removed his arms form her, not surprised when she quickly put some distance between them. But she did not leave the bed, only shifting to the edge, giving him hope that she would forgive him yet. "Do I have your permission to retire, my Lord?" Or maybe not. Legolas winced at the frigid tone Rhinure used. He moved forward until he was close enough to touch her, even though he was careful not to. The stiff set of her shoulders told him it would not be a good idea to even attempt as much. Rhinure waited for the inevitable apologies and meaningless words that Legolas would now spout – none changing the injury he had caused her. She would leave as soon as he gave her permission, waiting only because she did not want to be accused again of not doing her duty and obeying her husband. "Rhinure," Legolas leant forward until he was whispering in her ear, "stay." Rhinure shook her head, causing some her hair to brush his arm, which was placed ever so close to her back, ready to stop her if she moved off the bed. But she did not; instead she glanced at Legolas from the corner of her eyes. "Is that an order, my Lord?" "No that is a plea." Those few, simple words spoken were enough to make Rhinure reconsider her decision to leave. She was appalled to realise that perhaps Cothion had been correct when he had said that the Prince had too much power over her and that she was incapable of maintaining the proper distance from him. Even though she knew she wanted some time to herself, privacy in which to prepare for the feast tonight, she could not make herself ignore Legolas' request. She was not comfortable remaining but neither was she able to leave now that he had asked her not to. Legolas taking her silence as hesitation, pressed his suit , "Do not leave, hervess nín . Stay with me." (My wife) Slowly, giving Rhinure enough time and warning to pull away, he gently lifted her hair away, leaving her neck exposed. Then tenderly he kissed her nape, only lightly brushing her skin with his mouth. "Let me make amends." Rhinure shut her eyes, even that light touch was unbearable. "How so, my Lord? By using my own body against me?" Legolas stopped, giving her enough time to move even further away, feet now resting on the ground. "I would not do that intentionally. You must believe that." "And unintentionally?" Rhinure asked, still not turning around. Legolas sighed, "I cannot promise that, my Lady." The sheer honesty of the words gave Rhinure pause. The question had been unfair and she knew it, no one could prevent accidents from happening and it was all too easy for Legolas to use her since she could not deny him in the first place. But she had needed to know how Legolas would answer, whether he would have lied to her to make her stay or whether he would be sincere even if it meant that she would leave. "But I will promise that I would never willingly try to hurt or humiliate you." Legolas watched Rhinure's back, wondering what she was thinking. Perhaps one day, when the bond between them was stronger he would be able to gauge the mood behind that mask of hers, but now watching her cool profile he was ignorant as to whether she had forgiven him or not. "Do you believe me, Rhinure?" Rhinure finally turned to him, crawling back to where he lay. "I think so." Legolas smiled up at her, "What can I do to convince you?" Rhinure smiled back, making his heart skip a beat. "Give me time, my Lord," she said softly, hoping to put their problems on hold for the moment. Legolas nodded, wanting to reach out for her but still not daring to. Rhinure kissed him lightly on the cheek and slipped off the bed, heading for her room. "Will you not stay?" "I cannot. I need to get some rest before the feast tonight." "You can rest here." "And will you let me rest?" Rhinure asked archly, deflecting the statement with humour. She did not want to explain that she was just not comfortable with the idea of sleeping with him. Even when making love she retained some measure of awareness – precious little, but enough to know that she had some control over what happened. To sleep in his bed, be that vulnerable, required her to give up too much power. It was a trust that she was not willing to surrender – not even to her beautiful husband. "Probably not," Legolas grinned sheepishly. "Then it best I go to my own room." "Rhinure?" Rhinure paused at the balcony that led to her own room, waiting to hear what Legolas had to say. "Why did you wear my robe?" "Because it smells like you." x – x – x – x – x – x – x – x