look Eärendil had seen in Elwing's the night he had proposed. His tears fell once again as he shined his light down brightly on their love. * "Ada?" Elrond asked raising his tear-stained face to the night sky. "I have lost my daughter. She will not sail, her fate is now tied to Aragorn's and the Edain." Eärendil could only nod helplessly, making the light he cast wobble slightly. Arwen had told her father that she would follow in his brother's footsteps. "I have lost them all, have I not? Arwen, Elros, Celebrían, my sons…" Elrond collapsed, crying once again. Their communication only one way, Eärendil could not tell him of the nights in Valinor, on the balcony of the house she built for him and with Elwing by her side, his wife would stand and whisper words of love into the wind. She was not lost, she but waited for his time on Arda to end and for him to sail. * The darkness continued to grow, the Ring was found and plans were made…and in the gloom of Mordor the light of the silmaril once again shone, in the hands of a selfless hobbit whose only desire was to save his friend and whose greatest dream was to go home again. It was by the hands of these two small beings, beset on all sides by fear and foes, and by the teeth of one miserable creature, that the fate of Arda was forged anew. The Ring was destroyed and with it Sauron. Thus ended the Third Age. * As it was held during the daylight hours, Eärendil missed his descendant Aragorn's coronation and his and Arwen's wedding, but he made sure there was light aplenty for the long party following. Two years later, Elrond sailed. "Keep an eye on them, Ada. Keep an eye on them all." Eärendil lit the path of the sailing ship that carried Elrond, Galadriel, Erestor and Glorfindel to Valinor. He made sure they arrived at dusk, selfish perhaps, but he wanted to see his son's reunion with Celebrían and with Elwing. It was as joyous as he could have hoped for, though tempered with sadness over Arwen's choice and the uncertain fate of Elladan and Elrohir, who had simply said when their father left, "We need to be here for Arwen." * * Elrohir and Elladan dismounted and looked over the wide blue ocean toward the West. "Legolas had waited longer perhaps than he should have, it is good that he sailed finally," Elladan said. "I am grateful that grandada Celeborn and Thranduil King sailed with him," Elrohir said. "Grandnana will be so happy to see him again. It is good that Arwen convinced him to finally leave." "Yes." "Yes." They watched as the gulls flew about overhead and down into the waves below for fish. The sun began to set as they stood there. "So now?" Elladan finally asked. Elrohir shook his head, as lost as his twin. "I have no…oh, look! The light of grandada Eärendil's ship." The two looked at one another, then out to sea. "Rising in the West?" * * The message the Valar had sent simply said, "The dock at sunrise." Hearts in mouths, hands clasped tightly, Elrond and Celebrían, surrounded by friends and family, waited at the dock for the sun to rise. Hope was palpable in the air. It was Legolas who first noticed. "Lord Elrond…your father's ship, it is missing from the sky." But then, there it was, low on the horizon as if heralding the sun. As the sun rose, however, the ship sank…no it was on the water, drawing nearer. Elrond felt his heart swell as if to burst. Was he finally to meet his father face to face after all these millennia? Was this why the Valar had called him here? The Vingilot slid into dock for the first time in three ages. The stardusted ship glittered in the rosy morning light, stark, beautiful and cold. Movement on board drew their attention. Three dark haired figures appeared at the side, two jumping immediately to land on the dock. Elladan. Elrohir. They paused but a moment before throwing themselves into their mother's arms. "Nana!" Elrond watched their reunion through tears of joy. Many were the murmurs on both sides asking for and granting forgiveness, mother and sons both apologizing for not being there when the other needed them. He stepped forward and swept the lot into his own arms and hugged them hard. "When you did not arrive on Legolas's ship, we were all certain you had made your choice to be mortal." "Forgive us, Ada?" Elladan asked. "We waited too long, tarrying at Eldarion's side, and missed the sailing." "We never intended to stay," Elrohir told him. "Though our path seemed contrary, we long ago chose to be Eldar, to be immortals and follow you here." "How is it possible that you are here then?" Celebrían asked them. The third figure leapt from the ship to land near them. He glittered in the sunlight, his hair dark and his skin pale beneath the layer of diamond dust. The jewel on his brow glowed independent of the sun; a silmaril. "Eärendil," a deep voice said. Manwe appeared before the Mariner and took the gem from him and held it up on his palm. "You have done well, our son." The silmaril floated up and away from them, further and higher, until it was a pinpoint in the sky. "We release you now from your duties. The silmaril will remain in your place to bring hope to the world until the Unmaking of All Things." The peredhel bowed, his diamond coat falling away from him as he straightened. With a wink the Vala was gone as fast as he had appeared. "Go now and be with your family." "Thank you, my lord," Eärendil called out, his voice hoarse from disuse. He turned in time to catch his son in his arms. "Ada!"