screech resounded evil in his pure heart. It had caught Faelwen. But he hadn't the time to dwell on that, for the intensity of the trees' screams both shocked him and pained him to the very core of his fea. Never before had he heard any living thing in such agony. Then there was another shriek, like Faelwen's. He tried desperately not to whimper. Nana, what's happening? Where are you? The elfling waited and waited, until the trees ceased their cries and resumed their normal sounds. The oak tree relaxed its roots around him and groaned exhaustedly. He took his hands away from his ears and placed them on Mellon. He heard elves talking outside. They sounded sad, and were discussing evil spiders. His nana's name made him start. He unclenched his eyes and stared straight into the face of an ancient elf. XXXXXXX Suiadan was both shocked and scared by the death of his queen. The scene his company had stumbled upon had hit them all hard, and that was just the beginning. Shockwaves would run through Eryn Galen. And Thranduil... How will the king cope? The loss of family wasn't exactly alien to Thranduil, Suiadan knew; he had been born in the generation before Thranduil, and as a friend and mentor, had watched him grow up. This will hit him hard. Too hard. Maybe enough to ...Suiadan shook his head sharply. He could not allow himself to think like that. The elves in his company swiftly covered the queen's face with a cloak and they stood around her, bowing their heads and paying their respects as was customary. A small whimper broke the silence. The elves spun round, searching for the cause of the sound. One ellon pointed to an ancient beech the other side of the clearing. The entire company gazed at it. There was a hole in the trunk...a hole small though for an elfling? Suiadan jumped up and fairly sprinted to the tree, followed by his companions. Suiadan fell to his knees and stared into the mouth of the hole. He found himself looking straight into the shocking blue eyes of a little boy. He was crouched in the shelter of the trunk, terrified and clutching a soft toy. Even though he had been expecting it, the sudden appearance of the child shocked him. After a few moments he regained the use of his voice. "Are you alright, Legolas? Are you hurting anywhere?" The young prince shook his head. Strands of gold fell elegantly across his pale face. He looked so like his adar. Still stunned at having found the son of the King in the middle of the forest with his dead naneth only a few feet away, Suiadan yanked his head back out of the hole long enough to hiss barely audible orders at his men. "Make a litter; we cannot linger here too long. Keep watching the trees for spiders." No sooner had he returned his head to the hole he heard Legolas' voice. It was so thin, so quiet...completely unlike the normal voice of the elfling. His sensitive ears barely heard it. "Where's nana?" Suiadan gulped nervously. What would one say to an elfling in such a situation? "Umm, she's sleeping, tithen pen." "I want to see her." Legolas' voice was muffled; he had buried his head in the stuffed toy. Suiadan felt a hand on his shoulder and withdrew from the hole. One of his soldiers, Bregolas, replaced him. Bregolas would be better off dealing with this, he thought. He had two of his own, though they were far older now. "Legolas, tithen pen, do you want to come out? It's nice and warm out here, and the nasty monsters are gone." There was the sound of shuffling and scraping, and Bregolas finally stood with the little elfling and his toy safe in his arms, to the quiet cheers of the other warriors. "You're sure they are gone?" His eyes darted around nervously, never settling on any one thing. The presence of so many unfamiliar faces couldn't have helped, either. "Yes, I'm sure. We made them go ourselves. That's what we do. It's our job." At this statement the prince seemed to come alive. "Really?" "Really." Suiadan looked around and saw that many of his men had stopped doing their tasks to watch their prince. "Do you want to play a game whilst we're getting ready to leave?" Legolas thought about saying yes, that was obvious. But then his tiny brow creased and a shadow of worry crossed his face. "I'm already playing a game, with nana." Bregolas shot him a fearful glance. How much should they reveal? Suiadan cleared his throat. All eyes in the clearing focused on him. He focused his own on Bregolas, hoping that he would explain what he so desperately wanted to avoid. Bregolas merely shook his head ever so slightly and sat down, placing the elfling on the floor and holding his hand. "Do not worry, little prince. We can play our own game, can we not? I'm sure your naneth wouldn't mind." He did his best to engage the prince in a game invented swiftly out of tossing stones. Little more than a few paces away, the other ellyn lifted the queen's body onto a hastily constructed litter. The breeze caught the cloak shrouding the queen's face, and blew it loose. As soon as he saw her Legolas tugged his hand free and ran to his naneth, the person who had given her life for his own, though he knew it not. "Nana! Nana? The game's over now. Nana!" The hope in the elfling's voice quickly gave way to fear and desperation. Suiadan felt a slight prickling in the corners of his eyes. He knew that the others had tears in their eyes too. For all the elfling's attempts to wake her were in vain. They knew their queen's spirit had already fled. "Nana!" Ai, Valar. What was he going to tell Thranduil?