be injured out there. But I have brought the hunt home to you. It is time you have slain a spider to show your devotion to your realm and people." He said, a small smile on his face. Eyes as wide as plates, Legolas gripped the sword in his hand. He'd never killed anything before in his young life, and now his father was giving him such a chance, and it was his chance to show his father and king his devotion and love for the same things Thranduil fought for. The young elfling steeled himself and stepped forward, the spider squirming just mere feet away from him now. It was restrained and he was sure it was supposed to have fangs, if the books he'd read on them was anything to go by. But he wasn't about to let that stop him. He wanted to make Thranduil proud, and he would if this was how he could do it. Taking his small sword in hand, he stepped just in front of the black spider. It hissed and squirmed but did not and could not lunge for him. He glanced quickly to Tahleruil whom stood just to the side, his fingers ready to grasp an arrow and shoot the foul creature should it somehow get free before Legolas had killed it. Thranduil stood just behind Legolas and he looked down at his son with a nod. With his father at his back, Legolas took a deep breath and raised his sword after he took a stance like he'd been taught. And then the blade was plunged into the skull of the creature without hesitation. These creatures were evil and born of the looming Shadows and would not be shown mercy, even from someone as young as Legolas. The spider twitched several seconds, and then it went absolutely still, going limp in death. Legolas cringed at the smell it created as he pulled his sword free, struggling a bit but refusing to look weak. He yanked the sword free, spider blood splattering the ground at his feet and dripping from his sword's tip while he stood and stared. He'd just killed something. He turned to look up at Thranduil, and the look of pride that was in the Elvenking's eyes made Legolas' chest swell with pride as well. Thranduil knelt down and pulled Legolas into a hug before motioning for Tahleruil to have the warriors remove the creature's corpse from his palace grounds. As they left to do just that and Coraias left for the healers, Thranduil tightened his grip on his son. "I am so proud of you, ion nin." He whispered, kissing the elfling's temple and looking at him with a broad smile. It had been a long time since he'd smiled so broadly, and the fact he was smiling at Legolas made the prince's eyes become misty with so much joy he hardly knew how to contain it. He dropped his sword to the ground with a clatter and wrapped his arms around Thranduil's neck. "Thank you for bringing the hunt home to me, Ada. I am so happy to see you smile." Thranduil simply tightened his hold on Legolas at this, and did his best to blink away his own tears of joy he was feeling. It had been a long time since he felt this way. xoxo Later that night, long after bedtime for most elflings, Legolas was sitting on his father's bed, finishing the book he'd forgotten earlier in the day. Thranduil had to finish the report he had started earlier before the hunt, and left Legolas for bed. As Thranduil entered his chambers, he was greeted by the same sight as before. "Legolas, it is far past your bedtime." His voice was not angry, though. Legolas looked up at his father and nodded. "I just wanted to finish this." He was on the last page, and in truth he was so excited about earlier that he simply could not find sleep as much as he had tried. Thranduil walked over and sat on the bed, taking the storybook from his son's hands and looking down at it. "You have officially been on a hunt, and killed your first quarry. You are growing up so fast, Legolas." He said, in a tone that seemed weary. He shook his head and looked up, noting how Legolas' gaze was boring into him. Smiling tiredly, the king said, "Are you now too old for me to read to you?" He asked, and the light that seemed to shine in Legolas' eyes could match any star in the sky. Legolas hugged Thranduil and quickly shook his head. "I am never too old to do anything with you, Ada." He said, looking at the king expectantly now. Laughing quietly, the older elf nodded and wrapped an arm around Legolas' waist, pulling him close to him as he sat back against the large headboard of his bed. "That is good to hear. Then I would like to read this to you tonight before bed, as thanks for your earlier deeds in the hunt." He said, looking at Legolas with a smile. Excited, and any tiredness that may have been creeping into him being vanquished like the great spider from earlier, Legolas nodded eagerly for his father to start, and he opened the book up for the Elvenking to the first page. No other prize for any hunt could ever compare to time Legolas got to spend with his father. And no other duty in all of Middle-earth was as important to Thranduil as spending time with his only son. Fin A/N: Ahhh I can't believe I did something so cheesy I'm sorry. *hides* But but but I just couldn't help myself! And it's my first LotR fanfic. And it's finished! I really hope it wasn't so bad and worth your time in reading! *bows* I'd love to know your thoughts on my first story for LotR. Thanks for reading it! :)