I enjoy playing music myself. We should—" "He's not going with you," Legolas said, pulling Lindir behind him. "And who are you to stop him?" the centaur asked, folding his arms across his chest, sneering down at them. Legolas considered him for a moment. "I am the best archer in the Greatwood." Lindir blinked slowly, then took in how the creat—centaur was equipped. Bow, arrows, bracer, obviously he too was an archer. He snorted, shifting his hooves a bit. "I'm sure you think you are—when I'm not here." The Silvan nodded sharply. "A contest then?" The centaur smirked, pulling his bow from his back. "Agreed. The prize shall be your friend there. When I win he comes with me and writes a song of my victory…IF you win, then he is yours." ****** /It's rather odd being on the sidelines of a contest for which you are the prize,/ mused Lindir. They had moved to a nearby clearing, and the two others were arguing about the contest itself. Fortunately Legolas had quickly negated the centaur's first suggestion: "How about we use him as the target? Closest without hitting wins!" "No!" both elves said. "Hmph. Don't trust your aim?" Legolas sneered back. "Don't trust yours—you were the one hit in the butt! Do I know that you wouldn't willingly throw the fight in exchange for pay back? No." ****** After some discussion the two combatants decided on clout archery, meaning they would aim at a cloth set in the ground some distance away and would each score based on how close his arrows fell to it. They would both shoot six 'ends' of six arrows each and then determine the winner. The distance figured, the flag set and the point rings place, the two archers began—and as quickly finished. /One end down,/ Lindir thought. /I am going to be quite tired of walking before this is over, I can already tell./ The outermost ring was only two hand spans (from thumb to pinky) wide. All twelve arrows were within its boundaries, most within the smaller rings. Lindir dutifully wrote down the points as each arrow was retrieved and all three walked back to the shooting line. A half hour and four ends later the scores were still very close; the centaur was ahead by a single point. The centaur shot first, then stepped back. Legolas stepped toward the line, but Lindir stopped him, his heart in his throat and his palms as moist as his mouth was dry, and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "For luck." Lindir couldn't watch—but he couldn't not. With one eye open Legolas's last six arrows seemed to fly down range in slow motion, each striking the ground with a solid air of finality. This final walk seemed longer to Lindir. Was he off to Valinor for a hundred years? /And I was just bemoaning having only three weeks left with Legolas! Now I'll never get to tell him of my love!/ Or— The flag fluttered in the breeze—or at least part of it did, the rest being trapped by the arrows surrounding it. As they neared, all Lindir could see were the centaur's arrows; when they got closer Lindir saw why—all of Legolas's arrows were inside the narrow space the centaur had left around the flag. "You—you won!" Lindir yelled, throwing his arms around Legolas and kissing him again, this time on the lips. The centaur stared, open mouthed at the display. "You—you won." He shook himself, then tilted his head to look down at Legolas. "You really are the greatest archer." Legolas stared in shock at Lindir, his arms holding the bard close when he would step away. "Huh?" "Ahem. I said," the centaur spoke louder, pulling both blonds' attention to him, "you really are the greatest archer!" Legolas looked down, putting him eye to throat with Lindir. "In the Greatwood, anyway," he responded, far too modestly in Lindir's opinion. "No. I have shot against some of the best, those that now live in Valinor, and not one could have made that combination of shots. Lord Oromë was right." "About what," Legolas asked, blushing as he stepped back from Lindir, his arms finally loosening their grip. The centaur smiled. "About me trying my best, which I did. Now—your prize." Lindir shifted, pulling his arms around himself. He felt oddly cold now. "I really do apologize for having shot you." "Thank you. Come here, please." The two walked over and stood side by side, not touching and carefully looking only up at the centaur's elven face. The maiar bent down to take their hands, placing them together. He said a short prayer to Oromë and a warm glow enveloped both elves. They each gasped as their souls reached out and touched the other's. "There. You are bound. And now, I must leave." Legolas looked down at their hands in shock. "Bound?" "W-wait! Bound?" Lindir stared at him. "But we haven't—" The centaur laughed, his hands on his withers. "That is the traditional method, yes, but sometimes the Valar get impatient and step in, and after watching you two waltz around for the last hundred years—they stepped. Have sex if you want, but you are married. Deal with it. Bye." As the two stared in shock, the maiar faded from sight. After a few moments they both turned and looked at the other. "M-married," whispered Lindir. "Yeah," responded Legolas. "Well," Lindir said. "Yeah," responded Legolas. "Guess this means I don't have to leave in three weeks…" Lindir started laughing. "And I can stop thinking about dwarves!" Legolas grinned and caught his husband in his arms. "I always wondered about your fascination with them! But there was no way I was letting you leave…even if I had to learn to play that stupid pennywhistle." "Oh." Lindir saw the love shining out of his husband's eyes and said a silent prayer of thanks to Oromë. "I-I love you." "I love you too." They kissed. Fade to black…