beginnings and to life and to greenness and the everlasting hope of renewal. Elrond's song, on the other hand, was like a lament. And there, yes, there was the famed Noldolantë, the lament Elrond's foster father, Maglor composed, chronicling the fall of the Noldor. Elrond's song held the history of his people on Middle Earth. It held the stories of the passage over ice, of the fiery hearts and minds of the descendants of Finwë, of birds taking flight, and a father's charioting ship in the skies. Elrond's song was history, and it was sorrowful, but that did not have to be. The solitude of Elrond's melody was Elrond's alone and so it could be tempted to wander towards harmonizing more effortlessly with other notes, to join, and mingle despair with hope, to allow the joys of his children to raise him up. Legolas delighted in the songs of Elrond's children, strong and vibrant, uniquely half-elven, waiting to hold their father up upon their broad, strong shoulders. Their melodies hovered at the edges of Elrond's song, waiting for their fate to be decided. Elrond heard his own personal melody like a symphony that painted the history of his life in vivid strokes. Faces of long gone loves emerged out of darkness and were woven to life in the melody of his song. It brought tears to his eyes, to commune so closely to places and people he had pocketed away in the recesses of memory. The fate of his children was sung into being, a choice they had before them that he could no longer ignore. Elrond's song quieted again, the melodies of another Song becoming more pronounced. Slowly, Legolas allowed his own Song to build in Elrond's mind, paying attention to the subtle cues of Elrond's body. Legolas did not want to overwhelm the Noldor Lord, but he knew if he could merge some of his own song with that of Elrond, then maybe Elrond would find some relief from the long march of time that weighed on him and the Doom of the Noldor that reached out through the beginnings of exodus. Elrond took a deep breath, the sensation of Legolas' Song becoming more intense. The strangeness of the wood elf's song was no longer intolerable. Legolas carefully orchestrated the notes so they would gently introduce themselves in Elrond's mind, a note here of evergreen magic, a note there of the earth slumbering under a thick blanket of snow, a note of a majestic stag breathing its last breaths, receding into the hint of a of light refracted across the stars of Varda. Suddenly the melody exploded in a crescendo of colors inside Elrond. The life of the stag gone, but in his place a river beyond time, a river that surged with the spirit of ëa, a river that poured into the roots of middle earth, becoming earth, fire, stone, water-the very essence of Endórë. In this moment, Elrond felt an incredible peace, sensing momentarily the certainty that though his children might be parted from him in body, whether in death or the end of Arda, they would meet again in the Great Music of Ilúvatar. Recognizing Elrond's journey into peace, Legolas allowed the voices of elves long gone, voices that were transformed into tree, root, and stone, into the fawn, a chirping baby bird, to surge and fill the stretches of Elrond's being. Elrond flinched as the melody grew in density. The dam that held back the fullness of the strange Wood Song broke through, the fear of uncertainty melting away, revealing melodies of regeneration. It was a strange fate, a strange song, rendered beautiful through Legolas. Elrond opened his eyes to find Legolas looking upon him with a tenderness and compassion that spoke volumes of Legolas' heart. Apprehensively, Legolas wiped the tears from Elrond's cheeks, his fingertips pausing, hovering over Elrond's skin. Elrond did not move away from the younger elf's caress. Instead, Elrond found himself pressing into Legolas' touch, desiring more of the intimacy of Song that had been shared. But the heat of their skin, the quickening of their hearts, hinted at a different type of intimacy, a desire invested in bodies. Legolas leaned in closer to Elrond, his eyes wide, searching Elrond's face to find the same desire reflected in the elder elf's eyes. Elrond's lips were soft, his breath a warm breeze that Legolas greedily breathed in. At first the kiss was gentle and searching, each testing the desires of the other. Apprehension gave way to the demands of desire. Hands roamed bodies, explored heretofore forbidden territories. Fingers hastily removed clothes, exposing skin that sizzled with a lover's touch. Elrond lost himself in the younger elf's suppleness, his desire filling his body, stretching, exploding, until he no longer could contain the elements of his being in body. Elrond was lost in the warmth of Legolas, searching him deep inside, moving and loosing the boundaries between them. Legolas welcomed him, expertly led him to explore the contours of his body, the inside that only intimacy could color so vividly, so expansively, so boldly! Elrond cried out, spilling, careening over the edge, inside of Legolas. Legolas surrounded Elrond's warmth with his own needs, finding the limits of his passion as it exploded into the universe of creation, a bodily union that dissipated from the heights of ecstasy back into the garden in the Last Homely House. Elrond looked into Legolas' eyes, the blacks of his eyes still large from arousal. "Thank you Legolas." He could say no more. The Noldorin Lord was at a loss for words. Legolas reached his arms around Elrond, leaning his forehead against Elrond's. The two stayed in each other's embrace, a new melody added to the Song that ebbed and flowed around them. It was beautiful, a sort of miracle, Elrond believed. For Legolas, it was not a miracle, simply a gentle acknowledgement of the beauty and simplicity of life. No more words were spoken on that day