been spilled and there's been hundreds occurring acts of arson and other atrocities all around of kingdom of Gondor in the name of the Dark Lord himself! But with the strength, courage and blood of my people, we've barely managed to keep the forces of Black Land at bay and away from most of my my homeland which is still under of Gondor's rule. My duty as the lord of Cai Andros was to guard Gondor's northern borders to prevent our eternal enemies, the easterlings and their filthy hordes of orcs from tresspassing with the hostile meanings in our lands. My men have always followed me into the grim and desperate situation even in outnumbered and yet we've always managed to drive every enemy away. Without me to lead them, I don't know how long the defense of Cari Andros and the northern borders of Gondor will hold against the enemy." Evidin saw clearly a large, heavy and responsible concern for his men and his homeland's and people's safety in the gondorian captain's eyes as he listed all the problems the kingdom of Gondor was facing everyday due to the fact that the Black Land was standing by neck door of his kingdom. "But now here is another threat that threatens us from the north, threatening to put our hard pressed in between of two evil forces. Perhaps we gondorians may overcome thus far against the threat coming from the east, but this threat neither cannot be left to unnoticed. If there's yet anything what we can do to with this new threat and to minimize this double threat threatening our lands and the kingdom of Gondor from all sides by eleminating this new threat for good, then Gondor's support is with you." Elegrant proudly declared. Gandalf stared all of them with the proud smile on his face. "Thank you for all of you, my friends. I know that by asking you – to protect Middle-Earth at all costs - I'm maybe asking for too much from all of you, because it's a huge world threatened by the powerful evil, which is unpredictably coming from everywhere, and that there's only six of you to resist that evil and preventing the evil forces to carry out its dark plans of conquer, but I know that in deep in your heart that you think the best for your people and their safety, their freedom and their future and that you're ready to do anything for them, even risking and even sacrificing your own lives for their freedom and future. And all of you have my thanks for it." Gandalf said. "Now when we're all six in one mind, what is the first task you're about to grant to us, Mithrandir?" Felenar asked. "I've been informed by the Great Eagles of the Misty Mountains, that there's been in the mountainside nearby of the forest of Lóthlorien opened by the magic the huge crack, from which has been flooded out of the herd of goblins who are allied with the mountain giants, cave-trolls and the giant spiders of Mirkwood. They have prepared for the invasion to Lóthlorien and they're ready to attack to there within the week's days. I want you to go there and stop their invasion before they reach to the Caras Galadhon and to Arwen Undomiel and, if necessary, she must be brough back to Rivendell in safety, because the forces of evil do not yet know the location of Rivendell. To make your trip to go faster, I've already summoned Gwaihir, the lord of the Eagles, to bring some other eagles to give to you the ride over the Misty Mountains. They obviously don't dare to come even close human settlements, because people could even shoot them with their yew bows in the belief that they would try to deprive from them their domesticated animals. But you'll meet them what closer you'll reach to the first downhills of the Misty Mountains after the Trollshaws." Gandalf explained. "And once were saved the forest and Arwen from the invaders, I think that we should take the minion of Nazihra as prisoner and and interrogate him or her about Nazihra's whereabouts and movements in her conquest of the north, so we might be able to follow and hunt her down and destroy her for good to break her forces from conquering the northen lands of Middle-Earth." Felenar suggested. "Good. You would do well to do so, and at the same time hunt down and destroy her every sorcerer minion from spreading Nazihra's legacy all over Middle-Earth. Without Nazihra as their leader, without her powerful witchraft and her minions holding the order in her forces of evil, her forces will easily drift into chaos, spread accross the Middle-Earth and leave the free peoples thus far in peace." Gandalf said. "Then we should not waste time. Lóthlorien is the enemy's first target in the conquest of the north, and we got to get there before them with a one step ahead. And hope that we're not too late to save them." Evidin said. "I couldn't agree more, Evidin. And now, go, my friends. Middle-earth needs you more than ever. Farewell then and good luck... the Guardians of the Middle-Earth." Gandalf said, before he suddenly and mysteriously disappeared from the corner bench where he was sitting a moment ago, much to the shock and confusion of the members of the newly founded group called, as Gandalf named it before mysteriously disappearing... THE GUARDIANS OF MIDDLE-EARTH. I hope you liked of the first chapter. There's some features from Peter Jackson's both Lord of the Rings and the Hobbit trilogies and Lord of the Rings games, but the storyline is from the books, as you saw in the spot where Groff remembers the moments in the battle of Azanulbizar. My apologizes for my english, if you happened to spot some errors in the text during of reading. See ya again when the next chapter is finished and out.