and attached it to his side. "I'm sure you did. Have fun." Frodo said before leaving the room. "Do you think Saurun will come out himself?" Gimli asked as he Midori, Mon'tu and Gandalf stood behind some rocks near the black gate. "He is too proud not to." Gandalf answered. "He will come out and fight. Even if he doesn't have the ring." The black gates started to open and the first one out was the dark version of Legolas, followed by the Orcs and Uruk'hai. Gandalf began his spell and Midori and Mon'tu closed their eyes and started whispering in elvish. Saurun wasn't moving but he had enough men going at him to distract him from that fact. As Gandalf continued to recite his spell, Legolas/Saurun started to glow. The men attacking him stepped back and the Orcs and Uruk'hai stopped what they were doing to watch. " No ." Saurun said as he glowed brighter. I am no longer your prisoner. Legolas's voice sounded loudly through his head. " NO! " A dark beam shot away from Legolas's body and back into Mordor. The elf was down on one knee, breathing heavily. His hair turned back to it's normal blond and his eyes changed back to blue. He stood up slowly, still breathing heavily and then brought his sword down on the closest Orc. The creatures scattered and then Saurun's eye appeared and began to blink again. Legolas turned to watch with the men as a small figure riding a pony and another small figure running behind him moved quickly out of Mordor. It was Pippin and Sam. "Where is Frodo?" Legolas asked as they got to him. "He's still in there. He won't come out. Pippin managed to get the ring off him and threw it into the fires." Sam panted after he saw Legolas was back to normal. The great eye shuttered once more before it exploded. Without warning Legolas ran back into Mordor to locate the missing hobbit. " Legolas! " Aragorn yelled after the running elf. Legolas didn't stop or turn around, he just kept running. He ran up the stairs to the tower and found the hobbit crumpled in the middle of the floor. He was alive but Frodo made no move to get up. "Frodo, the tower is going to come down. You must get up." Legolas said. The only thing Frodo did was avert his eyes from a spot on the wall to Legolas's. "Please. Or I will be forced to drag you." Frodo's eyes moved back to the wall as the tower shook. Finally, after what seem like eternity, Frodo sat up. "Legolas?" He asked the elf who sighed with relief. "Yes. It is really me. Come. We have to get out of here." Legolas helped Frodo stand and hurried him out of the room and down the stairs. As they ran, the ground started to shake and collapse behind them, so Legolas lifted Frodo off the ground and tossed him to a waiting Aragorn, who caught him easily. Just as the ground started to fall beneath him, a hand shot out and grabbed him, pulling him to safety and the two collapsed on the firm ground. "Have I not told you to watch where you walk?" Legolas looked up at the person who saved him and grinned. "Midori." He said as he pulled her into her arms. "I have missed you my love." He hadn't seen her in nearly a year and he didn't think he could wait any longer to kiss her. So he did. He pressed his lips to her forehead and then her cheeks and finally, her lips. Never had he wanted to kiss his wife more than he did now, and he could tell the feeling was mutual as the kiss deepened. "As much as I hate to interrupt," Aragorn's broke them apart. "but we must get away from this place." He reached out and pulled both elves to their feet and they followed him away from Mordor. Rivendell was quiet. The Fellowship were recuperating from their journey, some inside, some out. Legolas and Midori were the only two outside at the moment. "When Estel came to Mirkwood and told me what had happened, I felt my world crumble. But I heard him tell your father he would bring you back alive, I knew there was hope." Midori said as she leaned back into Legolas's arms and he kissed the back of her head. "I never stopped fighting him." He told her. "He never had a chance." Midori said, turning around in his lap so that she was now practically straddling him and he smiled before she brought her lips down on his. "I have often wondered how he managed to catch her." Gandalf said as he and Aragorn spotted the two elves under a tree. "She is fire and he is water. Not the best combination." Aragorn simply nodded in agreement. "Midori." Legolas said as she pulled away. "What would I do with out you?" She laughed. "You probably would not have survived this long." He laughed with her. "I would not have survived this long." She said more seriously and he brushed his hand along her cheek. - You are the reason I live, my love .- He whispered to her in elvish. - You are the reason I live .- She whispered back, pulling him to her and kissing him soundly on the lips. "He had no right to claim a body that has already been claimed." "Claimed by whom?" He asked with a smirk. "By me of course. You are in my possession. Not his." And with that she kissed him again, but this time she had no intention of pulling back. Ok, there it is. Yes, the ending's terrible but my mind was unwilling to come up with anything else and my muse has left me temporarily. Tell me what you think, keeping in mind that this is entirely AU.