his attention. She felt uneasy under his intense look. Thranduil came back to reality when she called him for the fourth time. "Finally", she smirked, "I already thought you wouldn't stop staring at me anymore! I wanted to ask you if you could take me back to my room because I have no idea how to get there." Thranduil felt caught again, his pointy ears blushed. "Of course I'll bring you there", he managed to answer. When they arrived at her room he kissed her forehead, wished her a good night and left. Confused Lalaith lay in her bed lost in thoughts: 'The way he stared at me it seemed like … No! He kissed me on my forehead like a brother would do.' Disappointed because she hadn't found an answer she fell asleep. The next day she wore a dark red dress and was determined to find out what Thranduil was thinking. Lalaith nodded to Oropher and sat down next to her best friend to have breakfast. "Maer aur, mellon nîn (Good morning, my friend)", she greeted him. For about a blink she saw disappointment in his eyes but as fast as it appeared it disappeared. "Maer aur (Good morning)", was the only thing he said during the complete breakfast. Right after he finished he excused himself and disappeared. "Do you know what's going on?", Lalaith asked Oropher. "You should ask him, not me", the King answered. "I don't understand what you mean!", she said confused. "Didn't you realize? My son has never touched any women – he loves you and this since a long time", Thranduils father explained. "I'm such an idiot", Lalaith cursed and started searching Thranduil in the whole palace. He loved her! And she thought she was a sister for him! Lalaith searched everywhere but she didn't even find a sign of him. Last place she had looked for him where the stables. There she stood crying her face buried in Dúaths mane. "Lalaith?", a voice got her back to reality. She looked up at Mablung, her face wet with tears. "What happened?", he wanted to know. "Thranduil", was all I could say. "He left half an hour ago with his horse Nimloth", Mablung mumbled, "he's probably at his favorite place in the forest" "Where is it?", she asked her voice full of hope. "Nobody knows it", the gate guard said full of sorrow. "I have to find him", Lalaith told herself and got on Dúath, "Hannon le (Thank you)" She gave her horse a touch of the spurs and rode out of the gate. The moment she was inside the forest she whistled a melody and the birds of Eryn Lasgalen answered chirping. A sparrow landed on her shoulder and squeaked encouraging. "Take me to him, mellon nîn (my friend)", Lalaith whispered to the little one which started to fly. "Follow him Dúath", she ordered her horse. Lalaith sent a thank you prayer to Radagast who had taught her how to speak with birds. The sparrow stopped at a clearing. In front of a tree it flapped its wings excited. She got off her horse and walked over to the little bird. "Is he up there?", Lalaith asked and it seemed like the sparrow smiled. She brushed his feathers gently and thanked him. The bird flew away and Lalaith started climbing one of the hugest trees in the forest. Up in the treetop was sitting a silently crying Thranduil. She didn't love him. He was just a friend – a brother – to her. Each of these words felt like little knives stabbing his heart. He had already loved her when they were just children. He thought back to Doriath and the night of the attack. His father had forced him to leave but he hadn't wanted to go without her. So he had gone to her apartment. The door had been crashed by an axe … no he couldn't think about that right now. All these years he had thought he had lost her and now … With a last effort Lalaith pulled her up in the treetop. Her jaw dropped at this admirable view. It was awesome. The leaves colored in many different types of red at the end of fall. Colorful butterflies were flying around, a steel-blue sky and far away the Lonely Mountain covered in snow-white clouds. It was so gorgeous but she hat to focus on her main mission. "Thranduil", she called him softly. He didn't show any reactions but she knew he had recognized her so she started to speak: "I … I'm so sorry. I didn't know you loved me. I hoped you would … but yesterday when you kissed me on my forehead … I've only seen siblings doing this – so I thought I'm just a sister for you. Today at breakfast I wanted to find out whether I'm right or not. But I didn't realize until Oropher told me you love me … I'm so sorry I would understand if you can't forgive me – although it would break my heart because I love you Thranduil" Lalaith looked to the ground realizing that she was crying. Her heart seems to crack because of all the emotions spinning inside. Suddenly she felt fingers softly whipping away her tears. She looked up an into Thranduils ice blue eyes. "I'm so sorry that I made you believe you're only a sister for me. You're a lot more I love you", he said softly and wanted to go on but she stopped him with a kiss. Lalaith laid her arms automatically around his neck. Their lips were gently brushing at first before they deepened it. They put all their emotions inside the kiss, showing each other the love they were feeling. "You own my heart, Thranduil", she whispered with a bright smile after they separated. "And you own mine Lalaith", he answered smiling. The end A/N: I hope you enjoyed it and please give me some feedback ;)