it, and for being so rude. But it was more than he could bear. It would appear that the Ring had finally gotten a hold of him, as much as he wanted to deny it. He looked at Sam and then he looked down the long staircase. Well here he was. He had made it. He was inside Mordor… Until the Stars are all alight… The Corsairs were pulling to a stop. The docks of Minas Tirith were swarming with orcs. One with a skull stuck on his helmet ran over to where the boat was moored, a scowl upon his face. "Late as usual pirate-scum! There's knife work here that need's doing!" He called. "Come on you sea rats! Get off your ships!" There was a crowd of orcs now, all waiting gingerly for the corsairs to come out. Legolas looked to Aragorn a smirk spreading across his face. But this was no regular orc hunt, this was a war. Aragorn silently mouthed 3 and they all jumped out of the ship. They landed on hard rock. Solid but hard. Aragorn wobbled a bit. After being on the sea for so long, it would take a minute to regain his land-legs. Legolas composed himself. He thought of his father, Thranduil. He thought of Mirkwood, and Rivendell. He thought of how he longed for this to end. So he could go home. Aragorn brought his hand up and drew Anduirl, Flame of the West from it's sheath. Legolas reached back and drew an arrow from his quiver. He felt it's slender frame and feathered top. Carefully he notched the arrow in his bow. Gimli was standing ready axe in hand. Aragorn started forward, and Legolas followed. "There's plenty for the both of us, may the best dwarf win!" Gimli said to Legolas as they walked forward. Legolas almost smiled at the comment, but Aragorn broke into a run and Legolas thrust himself forward. He could sense a flicker of green as the dead army made themselves visible. This, he felt, was a good chance that we would win. Mist and Shadow… Theoden lay in the wreckage staring at the sky. His body was crushed by the extreme weight of Snowmane, his faithful horse. The sky was cloudy, but strokes of light shone through. Casting a soft glow to the world around him. He knew that he was dieing, There was something inside of him that knew so. He thought of Theodred. Dear Theodred. Of his wife, of his father and mother. He thought of the halls of his fathers. He felt sleep calling. There was a rustle and then someone pulled him over. Eowyn! But she had stayed behind. No matter, he thought. What matters now is that she's here in the end. Theoden blinked at stared at her. Marking out her face. Her long blond hair fell around her as she held him. He raised his hand to her cheek and stroked it softly. He remembered what he'd said to her after Gandalf released him from Grima's spell. "I know your face… Eowyn" he whispered. A teary smile spread across her face. Theoden looked to the sky again. "My eyes darken" he told her. "no. no. I'm going to save you…" Theoden could see the tears in her eyes as desperate as she was to hide them. He looked at her, and what she'd done. "You all ready did…" Eowyn smiled and caressed his hair. He could see the tear roll down her cheek, and he wished that he could show her it was better. "Eowyn… My body is broken… You have to let me go…" He said. His voice was dimming, the end was nearer. Eowyn stared at him. She silently mouthed no. He smiled at her, trying to reassure her that this was for the best. But shadow was starting to cloud his eyes. The end was so near. "I go to my fathers… In whose mighty company… I shall no longer feel ashamed." the dark had almost completely surrounded his eye sight. He wished he could see her smile one last time. He opened his mouth to ask her. "Eowyn…" He trailed off. It went dark. He could no longer talk. He felt her hand still caressing his hair. Sleep that was all he thought was coming. In the end a wave of relief washed over him, and he was free. But it was short lived, as he pulled away. Fading into the masses of the dead… Cloud and Shade… Eomer searched through the seemingly endless piles of bodies. Everywhere he looked he saw fallen companions, orcs, men who looked about his age, and children. Some boys who had fought like men. But the real reason he was here, was that he was searching for his Uncle. When out of the corner of his eye, there it was. A head full of long blond hair. Lying over a white horse. Oh no… please say. But it was. Eomer ran over to the site and cradled her head in his arms. His sister, his only family left. Dead? His Uncle. Dead? How could this be? Eowyn should not even be here. Eomer sat there. He wept. Wept for everything. For all his friends, their bodies lay strewn and decapitated around them. For his beloved horse, Fire Foot. For his Uncle, his sister. His mother, his father his cousin. All had been taken from him. The losses were to many to count. And so he sat there and waited. Waited for something, anything to happen… All shall fade… Why do they do it? Put their lives on the line like that. It's something that these days we'd have trouble understanding. Our society is run amuck. Courage and Dignity no longer count for anything. What of all the people they did it for. For Theodred, for Theoden. For their mothers and fathers. For Haldir, for Boromir. For Arwen, for Rosie. For Bilbo, for Denethor. For Freedom? All shall fade…