he saw Legolas fall the first time, Thranduil nearly dropped the barrier to run to his aid. The prince quickly recovered, however, so he continued to hold the barrier despite his urge to help his son. It was hard to watch, but he would only be a liability as much as he hated to admit it. Without a weapon, he was as good as useless. As Legolas retreated to the interior of the castle, Thranduil opened a passage for him before turning away to run to his aid. The barrier would hold even if he was moving and the castle would still be safe. "Are you alright?" Thranduil asked worriedly as he knelt at Legolas's side, watching as the younger Elf struggled to sit up. He was covered in blood, but most of it wasn't his, which was a relief for the Elvenking. Legolas shook his head, wincing as he fought to position his right leg as to not aggravate his ankle. "I can't feel my right arm and my ankle won't support my weight." He told Thranduil before collapsing against his father. "There's no END to them. What are we going to do?" Thranduil remained silent for a moment before reaching into his robe. "I didn't want to have to resort to this, but…" He pulled out a chain from which hung a gem that flashed the colors of falling leaves. Legolas gasped, eyes moving between the gem and his father's face. "You're not…" "I have to." Thranduil replied sadly as he moved to the nearest wall pulling his son with him. "It's the only way." "But…" Legolas shook his head. The gem was one in a set of four representative of the seasons. All four had a different power, but the autumn gem could open portals. It drew it's energy from the success of the task the portal had been opened for. "I'm going to open a portal to wherever the Arcadian Emperor is. If we can kill him, the army will leave." If… That word made Legolas shudder in fear. If the Emperor was killed, the gem would suck the Emperor's energy as he died. If he didn't…"I can't believe you're going to do this." "Is there any other way?" Thranduil asked sadly as he placed the gem against the wall and muttered the spell. A portal opened in the wall to show the Emperor's bedroom. The Emperor himself was in bed surrounded by people. He seemed fast asleep, but his fists were clenched and sweat dripped down his brow. "He's controlling these creatures himself." Thranduil breathed as he looked around for a weapon. All they had was Legolas's knife and there was no way the prince would part with it. He didn't have a clear enough shot to use a rock… "Here." Legolas murmured as he pulled a rusty sword from a slot in the wall. "We found it out here earlier today and hid it." "Sometimes I think it is a blessing that you don't listen to me." Thranduil sighed as he hugged his son. Lifting the sword, he took aim and threw it as best he could, straight at the Emperor's heart. Legolas shrieked in horror as the blade missed and merely grazed the man's shoulder, failing to kill him. They only had one chance and it was gone. The Emperor's attendants looked about the room in shock as he searched for the origin of the weapon used to try and assassinate their leader. However, the portal had already closed and Thranduil sunk to the ground. Legolas grabbed his arm in an attempt to keep him conscious, but his vision was going black. The last thing he heard before losing consciousness was the cry of a gull and the crashing of the waves on the cliff. "Am I dead?" "No, you're very much alive." Legolas bolted upright to find that he was in the guest room he had been using. His clothes were scattered on the floor as they had been, he could see one of the letters Elladan and Elrohir had written him peeking out from under a suitcase and his father was standing next to him. "What happened?" "The Emperor was devoured by his own army. He bargained with the monsters, but the sword broke his concentration so they returned and devoured him alive." "Exactly what I needed to hear right now." Legolas moaned as he laid back down. "I can feel my arm again. Any particular reason why?" Thranduil groaned as he sat down on the bed, muscles protesting as he moved. What a night… "You were bitten by a spider with a particularly nasty venom that was brought with the monsters from hell. It essentially paralyzed your arm, but it's worn off now." He said as a comfortable silence fell in the room. Thranduil fought against the ache in his muscles while Legolas fought off sleep, wanting to get up and do something. "I suppose they owe us, right?" The younger asked as he sat up again and pulled his knees to his chest. "Quite a lot." Thranduil replied airily as he stretched again. "They're going to be owing us for centuries." 1. All of the names of the characters I own in this fic are just random spur of the moment names. If you can think of a better one, let me know. 2. Thank you to my friend Rin for coming up with that. 3. This came from having to listen to aliens scream that at my brother and I in Halo 3 as we died for an hour straight. It gets annoying after a while, especially since I suck at that game to begin with. So, in short, this has no significance whatsoever. Kanpa: So? What did you think? Riku: ... No comment... Legolas: Can I kill you NOW? --' That was HUMILIATING. Kanpa: Glad you liked it! Now, see that review button? Push it so you can tell me just how bad this thing is! XD