charge five percent o' the new price per trade for me recording and postage," Rose explained. "They pay that bit up front. When they get their leaf, we get the gold." "Oh my word!" Frodo whispered. Gold, silver and copper coins winked up at him. He judged there was enough before him to run Bag End for six months. The whistle went off on the kettle. Frodo didn't hear it. "Yes," Rose laughed. "'Tis well enough to take the words right out of yer mouth!" &&&&&&&&&&&&&& "What ye need to do," Rose said as she sipped her tea. "Is make certain yer uncle's crop is solid. We need to start posting a report up where all can see it so's they ain't jus' hearing gossip." Frodo nodded as he pried wedges from a ham. He'd already sliced up a nice round of cheddar Sam had been saving. Now they could afford a cart full of fine cheeses and refill the cellar for a fraction of the silver on the table. "Consider it done." "Once ye have a look and come back, I reckon we can issue more shares." Rose's mood changed as she considered the massive amount of book keeping that entailed. The promise of a headache lurked just behind her eyes. "I'll be needing help." "When?" "Now," she said plainly. She simply could not keep up. "Letters swim in front o' me," she admitted. "They won't stay still. I can force 'em to, but mind, I pay each time I do. Makes me sick as a cat." "We'll work on it." Frodo started to slice up a wedge of thick, brown bread. As he paused to take a sip of his tea, the knife slipped out of his hand. He shouted as the keen blade nicked the webbing of his thumb and forefinger. Blood spurted onto the bread as he snatched his hand away. Rose stood up and calmly smoothed her skirts. She crossed to the sink. She pumped the handle with one hand, and cradled Frodo's hand with the other. He hissed through his teeth as cool water ran across the little cut. Carefully, Rose wrapped his hand in a handkerchief, then had him hold it just above his heart. "'Tisn't bad," she said brightly. "I'm hopeless," Frodo moaned. They both broke into hiccuppy laughter. &&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&& The sound of the front door banging open drifted down the hall. Frodo snaked his head around the corner. Sam and his younger sister emerged from the foyer. Marigold looked as if she'd swallowed a storm cloud. Sam noticed Frodo and grunted. His eyes told a difficult tale – one that Frodo was certain he'd get the true measure of later. Marigold dashed ahead into the kitchen, saw Rose, and immediately told her everything. Frodo turned to Sam. "We went to get Mari's last pay." Sam offered. "Did you get it?" "Oh, aye. Otho – don't you know. He's buyin' peace where ever he can get it." Frodo nodded his sympathy for Lobelia's husband, then sprang up to fetch the kettle. &&&&&&&&&& "What are you going to do, then?" Rose asked Marigold as she nibbled at the board of fruits and cheeses. "Nothin'," Marigold said smartly as she dunked a chocolate wafer in her tea. Her stout little fingers toyed idly with the scattered pieces of silver as she wondered why Mr. Frodo had decided to dump his purse in the middle of the table? Rose watched her flick the coin into neat stacks. She wondered what Marigold would say if she knew half of that considerable pile belonged to Rose? "That one's gone," Marigold continued as she bobbed her head at Sam. "Daisy and May have their washin' up money so's I'll look after 'da until summat else pops up. Ah, it nettles me to think of that cheeky wench miserin' me out of a silver to wash Lotho's drawers." "Should'a charged double jus' for that bit," Rose snorted. Marigold grinned. "She won't be findin' better, unless Otho takes up washing." Rose began to reply, then stopped short. A twinge of pain shot across her brow. She brought her hands up under her reddish gold curls, rubbed her temples. Frodo asked Sam to get a cloth soaked in cool water from the cold cellar. Marigold frowned with concern. "'Tis yer head again? You been readin'?" Very gently, Rose nodded. "Since early. A real cracker, this one is." "Yer knowin' not to strain yerself, so." Marigold cooed. Sam emerged from the cellar with a damp cloth. She took it from him and pressed it to her best friend's brow. "'Tis the candles, I tell ye. They always give ye a turn like that." "'Tis the letters, Mari," Rose relied as she held the cloth over her eyes. "They won't be still for me." "Then I'll do it." "Alright then," Rose agreed, and then laid out what she needed her to do. "Excellent!" Frodo declared as he opened up his last tin of raspberry chocolate biscuits. "I guess I owe my cousin thanks." Sam yawned and started back to the cellar for a beer. "Bring us a tot o' that good brandy, eh?" Rose said to his back. "As ye like," he answered, and disappeared down the little flight of steps. Frodo leaned against the sink as he watched the women breathe life into his plan. It seemed so ordinary. Things were falling together one by one. A part of him could not help but wait for the other shoe to drop. For now, he found himself content, which was the strangest feeling of all. He could feel hope here. The dutiful son, errant nephew and long suffering student of a mad old hobbit all wound together inside him and cringed. He hadn't asked anyone's permission to do this – he'd set this all up himself from an idea that began and ended with him. It was going to work; he could feel it in his bones. That scared him most of all.