the powerful swell of his hips. As he moved, the sheet rippled lazily across his massive frame, drawing back to the paler flesh above his thighs. Frodo shook curls off his face, and watched Sam, who waited so patiently, mellow green gold flecks dancing in his eyes. Frodo knew he would wait there forever if he wished, never loosing that quiet, unconditional love. The mouth that greeted his was welcoming, instantly alive, filled with quicksilver and treacle beneath a sure, knowing heat. Frodo felt Sam shift, then slide under his weight. Sam reached back and locked his hands on the headboard, grinning mischief. He was up for a bit of turnabout again, as he sometimes was. Bothering Lobelia had left him in a daring mood he'd kept to himself for the better part of the day. Frodo raised his eyebrows and cocked his head with a grin of his own. "Are we cheeky, Mr. Gamgee?" Frodo said as hips shimmied off the cool linen, leaving a warm, naked length pressed up against his belly. Sam nodded and kissed his nose. "You've been a clever lad today, what with your extraordinary roses and considered observations concerning my cousin's character. Well done." Frodo's voice dipped into the low, upper-class drawl that never failed to achieve a singular effect on the body beneath him. Sam's grin became a giggle. With a crooked smile Frodo pressed down onto the flesh beneath him, and felt the jump of muscle spread all through Sam's bones. Frodo bent down and dragged his head across the peaks of Sam's chest, trailing soft curls and wet kisses from the arch of one slope to the other, listening for the tell-tale gasp that would tell him when to bear down harder. Sam rolled, bit at his lips until he could hold back the moan no longer. Frodo circled his tongue around a point, and bit. Sam, bless him, was nothing if predictable. After years of hiding and hurried lovemaking behind and under every concealing obstacle the two could find, they could finally take their time. A hush had come over the smial in the months since Bilbo's departure. During that time the two had gone further than either dared; even to the point of taking the best bedroom for themselves. More than anything else, this told Sam that Frodo had accepted that Bilbo was truly gone. Sad as this was, it allowed their relationship a greater degree of independence, one that was as close to acceptable as Sam thought it could be. For the first time in their lives together, they were paired - if only in private. It was more than Sam could have ever hoped for, although he wished it had come about some other way. Outside the smial things would always be different. Sam loved Frodo, and Frodo loved Sam, but the rest of the Shire would never accommodate them. For now, it didn't matter. With luck, it never would. And Frodo seemed to catch Sam's thoughts as he smiled down upon him. For long moments the rush of need damped down to smolder as the two looked lovingly into each other's eyes, affirming the trust and depth of their bond. Sam would be with Frodo for as long as he would have him. Frodo couldn't imagine a world without Sam. Both silently agreed, for the thousandth time since the smial became their own, that they were paired for life. The two locked into a long, heartfelt kiss, as the candlelight flickered over their heads. In that instant there was not a secret between them, not a desire unanswered. Sam's strong, handsome face beheld the lovely shadows flickering across his mate's pale, smooth brow, then chased each away with a whisper. Frodo looked to Sam, and knew fear would forever be a memory so long as that quiet, sure presence protected him. In the sudden fall of bliss, need sparked, then fanned into a blaze between them. Sam wrapped heavy thighs around the slender waist above him, and slowly began to rock. Frodo answered with a comfortable rhythm of his own. The soft, warm fur of Sam's belly grazed against his, along with a hard, demanding heat. Frodo's eyes filled with a silky plea. Sam arched back, bore down with his legs, and then rubbed his heels against the backs of Frodo's calves. Sam smiled, and Frodo allowed his need to soar. Sam's arms bulged with effort as he fought to keep his grip on the headboard. Frodo's hands slipped down beneath his waist. Sam felt a warm hand fold around him, then begin a series of slow, steady strokes that sent his breath into ribbons. Greed filled Sam, spun recklessly through his flesh, wiping caution from his mind. He arched up against the headboard and then bore down with his thighs until Frodo fairly growled frustration. Abruptly, Frodo pulled away. Sam nearly screamed as his head threatened to implode. Damp played at the edges of Frodo's face as he struggled to gain awareness. After a moment he remembered what made him stop. He looked down at Sam. "You're right then?" Frodo said as he puffed for breath. "Aye," Sam said tersely. "I do so hate it when you do that." "When I don't do that, you mean." Sweat ran trails down Frodo's cheeks. "Its just…well last night, are you quite sure you didn't sprain…" "I'm not twisting! You were twisting me!" Frodo looked confused. "I was?" "You're doin' it right now!" Sam reached over to the side table, then knocked over the empty mug. He swore and fumbled around with his hand until he located the drawer pull. He couldn't quite get his fingers around the knob. Sam raised himself up until he was able to get purchase on the drawer. He pulled it open, grabbed the waiting bottle of oil. With a happy shout, Sam twisted back towards Frodo, then stopped. Frodo's eyes sparked wide. "No!" All the color slowly drained from Samwise's hurt face.