Their house had 5 rooms. Two bedrooms, so that she and her brother would have a place to sleep, a kitchen, a bathroom, and a mainroom that the door opened into. All of these rooms were small, but Erenis supposed it was alot grander than some had, and for that she was thankful. Pulling open the kitched door she stepped into the small stuffy room, and pulled open a window. The breeze ran through it again, and Erenis was pleasantly content. The rooms view stretched over the wall and onto the expanding territory of Ithilien and the River Anduin. Of course, she couldn't see either of those things, but she knew her directionals, and well, if you went in that direction, that would be what you found. Opening a cupboard she placed in it the bread, jam, and eggs that she had bought. In another she placed some ham and other assorted meats. Along with some apples, and fresh strawberries, from a farming district an hour from the city. She closed the cupboards and placed the basket under the window before leaving the room. On second thought she went back in and grabbed an apple. Chewing thoughtfully as she made her way into her room. Picking up a piece of paper she stared criticly at a drawing she had begun. It depicted a horse being brought through the streets by a stange merchant that had been visiting recently. This of course was something she had seen last time she was at the market, as a young Harad merchand had made his way up from where ever the Harad came from (Erenis wasn't very well educated. She had little ideas of geography, reading, and writing. Therefore she wouldn't know where the Harad came from). With the King working dilegently on peace treaties with the Harad, right now trade was sparking between the two countries. That merchant would probably be the first of many to come to Minas Tirith bringing with them strange and wonderous items that the Gondorians had never seen before. But Erenis was awoken from her thoughts as someone burst through the door. "Erenis! Erenis! Where are you?" a voice yelled. Erenis's breath caught in her throat. It took her a moment to realise who it was. Slapping down her picture she leapt from her bed and ran into the main room. "Arenson!" she exclaimed, "Whatever are you doing home! You should be at- at work!" Her brother looked relieved for a moment then his face reverted back to it's worried gaze. His auburn hair fell shaggily around his face. Clinging to it in tufts. He was breathing and sweating hard. Taking in air in large pants. His green eyes fell apon her, full of fury, concern, and some dire reason why he had just flung himself through the door in such a state. He was still dressed in full uniform, his helmet in his hands, his sword by his waist. He grabbed her wristand dragged her into his room. Picking up a small traveling bag he went into her room, and ramsacked her chest of drawers. "Arenson! Arenson! What is wrong!"Erenis cried out worredly. "Arenson! Arenson, please you're scaring me" Arenson stopped and looked her over. He ran his hands through his hair and continued to pack. Erenis's mouth gaped open as she watched him. Mouthing words but she had lost her voice. Finally, when the bag was almost full, Arenson turned to his sister. "You must leave the city. Now." he said coldly. Confusion rang inside Erenis's head more than ever now. Why must she leave? Why did he run all the way off guard duty to find her and tell her that she had to leave? It made absalutely no sense. "Why?" was all she could croak. Arenson ran his hand through his hair agian and pulled the bag tight. "Because, sister," he said irritably, "I have no intention of letting you die!" XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX okay folks, I am not the greatest writer out there, I know, but please bare with me. My word processor is down, so you may notice many spelling mistakes. My apologies, I am not supergirl. I repeat, not supergirl. So I can't really get that down perfect. I also know that the story doesn't seem like much right now, but again, bare with me. I should be getting into some explanations next chapter. Actually even that depends on if I get reviews. If some people like it, then I will try my best to update as soon as, but you have to keep reviewing otherwise the next part won't come up (but then again, you may not like this story which means you will not review and this will be the end of it) Um... most of the characters are mine, I think I've mentioned some that arn't... Farmamir, Elessar(Aragorn) and Eowyn arn't mine. Also the referal to the King of Rohan... that's Eomer... not mine... This story is set in the early years of the fourth age, I intend for this to be a time when all your fave characters from the end of the War of the Ring to still be alive and kicking (they have to be or some of this story will be cut...) Oh and the way I've put Minas Tirith is my thoughts, if you don't like it, please try to live with it. One thing that I want to say, by calling the War of the Ring the Great War, I mean no comparison or offence to anything historical that has to do with World War 1. My deepest apologies if it has upset you, it was merely a space filler... Pleaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaase review! If you don't like, don't say anything (if there is some drastic error that I need to fix, please say so!) Review me, and you will make my day! Once again, thanks for reading this, and if you're going to review, reviewing, and hopefully I can answer your reviews next chapter! -Felarof