feet away from everyone, knocking the wind out of her. One of the large Uruks picked her up and tossed her on the ground on her stomach and she screamed in pain as the slice of a whip landed across her back over and over. She just knew she was going to die. "Bitch." It hissed and she yelled out again unable to move. Just before she blacked out she felt the Uruk fall beside her with a Mirkwood arrow in his head and she knew no more. When she woke later on it was a bed with Legolas laying with her on the bed, arms wrapped around her tight. She felt no pain in her back and she moved just enough to wake her prince up. "You're alright." He breathed as he kissed her. "Where are we?" she ask and he smiled. "Rivendale. Lord Elrond healed you and the others. Were just waiting for Frodo to wake." He told her and she nodded in relief. "We did it. The ring is gone." She ask and he nodded, happiness in his eyes. Frodo woke the next day and Legolas spent some time before than showing her around Rivendale and letting her meet Lord Elrond and Arwen. Afterwards they all rode back to Gondor for Aragorn's coronations. "Now come the days of the king. May they be blessed," Gandalf said and Aragorn stepped up and slowly turned around to face everyone, crown on his head. Cheers erupted for all over as everyone clapped for their new king. Ariel had tears in her eyes because she was so proud of the man she thought of as a brother. "This day does not belong to one man, but to all. Let us together rebuild this world that we may share in the days of peace," Aragorn said and more cheers erupted from the people once more before Aragorn began to sing. "Out of the Great Sea to Middle-earth I am come. In this place will I abide, and my heirs, unto the ending of the word," he sang before he made his way down the steps and through the people. He bowed his head to certain people as he passed. Eomer was one of them. He was to be the new king of Rohan. He did the same for Faramir, Boromir and Éowyn. As he drew closer Ariel and Legolas lead the group of Elves to him. Aragorn kissed her on the cheek and gave her a hug before clasping shoulders with Legolas. Legolas gave him a smile as they bowed to each other. "Aragorn." Legolas said quietly as he tilted his head to the right. Aragorn looked at him and then at Ariel confused. She winked at him and gave him a push as he walked over where he could see Lord Elrond. Slowly the Gondor banner moved and Arwen came into view. Arwen stepped forward and they stopped right before each other. Aragorn took the banner from her and handed it to someone at his left, his eyes never leaving Arwen's. Arwen bowed her head to him and he tilted her chin back up with his finger before moving forward and kissing her fiercely and everyone cheered again. Ariel cried tears of joy for them and clapped along with everyone else. Legolas put his arms around her and drew her into a kiss as well. "I love you." Legolas told her. "As I love you." She said before they followed Aragorn and Arwen over towards the Hobbits. All four hobbits started to bow for Aragorn but he held up a hand to them. "My friends," Aragorn said and the four hobbits stood straight and looked at him. "You bow to no one," he said feverishly before he kneeled and bowed deeply to them, with Arwen following suit. Legolas and Ariel along with everyone else were next to follow and before the Hobbits knew what happened the entire court yard was on their knees before them. They looked around stunned that anyone would bow to them. When the coronations was over they had a small party before the hobbits took there leave to head back to the shire, but promised to visit everyone soon for their wedding. Haldir departed the next day back to Lothlorein for he missed his lands greatly but he promised to come to Ariel's and Legolas' wedding. Boromir and Éowyn stayed in Gondor to make a life together but he too promised to come to the wedding as did all of the fellowship. Gimli however decided to live in Mirkwood with Legolas and Ariel as he had been invited and didn't have a home to go back too anymore. "Are you excited about going to Mirkwood?" Legolas ask her and she nodded eagerly. Legolas, Ariel and Gimli arrived in Mirkwood a few days later and walked together into his father's throne room. "My son. Finally you have returned." King Thranduil said coming down and hugging his son. Ariel looked the King over and smirked. She sees where Legolas gets his looks from. "Father let me introduce to you my future wife, Ariel and our friend Gimli." He said and the king turned and shocked Ariel by pulling her into a hug. "It's so good to meet you. Legolas spoke a lot about you in his letter and I am please my son has finally found his bonded." He told her and she nodded with a smirk. "Well how can I ignore a blonde hottie like your son." She told him with a wink and he burst out laughing. She was perfect for his son. After the King greeted Gimli friendly they were shown to their rooms for rest. As Ariel laid down with her soon to be husband and smiled. She could see the life ahead of them now. Living together, protecting their lands and having beautiful kids and she was happy for the day she fell from the sky and into the hands of this amazing man.