but the hobbit reached forward, smiling just as big. Gently, he wiped away a stray tear that Strider had been attempting to hide. "You've hid them for too long Strider, you can let them out now." he nodded encouragingly. The former ranger shook his head and blinked, letting more of the precious tears fall. "Thank you Master Took. I had forgotten what it was like to cry." Silently, but with a nod, the king set Pippin down and took a look at the others, tears grazing his cheeks and wandering through his beard. "My friends," he croaked, sure that his voice was not the strong one that befit a king. Kneeling down, he opened his arms and Samwise and Merry leapt forward, wrapping their small arms around him and nearly bowling him over. Only Frodo was restrained as he quietly stepped forward, smiling broadly, but with that same deep pain in his beautiful blue eyes. Sam, seeing his master coming closer, tapped Merry and the other hobbit moved away, allowing Frodo through. "Frodo…" Aragorn breathed silently, his smile still bright within his eyes- a strange sight indeed- but softening as the eldest hobbit came forward. Gently and none too quickly, Aragorn grasped his friends hand, holding it tightly and shaking his head. Then, with eyes bright as the stars, Aragorn looked deeply into Frodo's hurting eyes and sighed. "You need not hurt anymore. It is over-" he chuckled a little, turning his head down, but then looked back up and now his eyes held determination. "-for both of us. We are both free." Frodo lowered his eyes and the ranger could see streaks of wet falling down his cheeks. His thin shoulders were shaking and he could no longer lift his eyes to the ranger. Careful not to hurt the still emaciated and tortured hobbit, Aragorn wrapped his arms around the shaking frame, holding him tight and breathing deeply. And, to his surprise, all that he had held in for so many long years was now unleashed. Aragorn could feel the wet drops falling and he knew the crowd was watching, but he could hardly care. Frodo shook against him, letting out all that had been held in. Aragorn knew for once why he had connected so strongly with this small being. They were both hurting- even from that fateful moment they had met in the Prancing Pony- they had been destined for friendship. Not because of the journey or the quest, but simply because they needed one another to heal. This was a new start for both of them. Pulling away a bit, Aragorn felt Frodo stiffen as he realized what he had done. His eyes scanned the crowd of onlookers and he gulped, bending his body to fall before the king of Gondor. But a hand stopped him immediately and when he looked up, he saw it was indeed Aragorn. The man pushed him back up to his feet, shaking his head with a smile. "No, Frodo." he turned to the rest of the hobbits who stood to each side. "My friends, you bow to no one." And carefully, he moved to kneel before all the hobbits, smiling as he saw the looks of confusion that was over every one of their faces. "But Aragorn," Frodo pressed close to the ranger, grabbing his vest gently. "I don't deserve this… I failed-" The king's brow furrowed and he looked around him, smiling as he saw everything clearly, all the colors and beauty touching the very depths of his heart in new ways. "Did you?" he pursed his lips, rising to his feet. "Everyone seems very much alive to me. Oh, and look over there-" he pointed towards the ruined lands that had once been Sauron's domain. Though Frodo could not see it, he knew where Aragorn pointed. "You did that Frodo. You and Samwise- you saved Middle-Earth. You may not have completed it in the means you first meant- but it is complete. It is finished. Sauron is dead. The Ring is gone. Peace reigns- and it is because of you mellon nin ." Aragorn smiled as the crowd began to clap and cheer, all eyes on Frodo and his fellow hobbits. He took in their faces, smiling broadly as he took Arwen's hand in his own and kissed it. Turning, he wrapped his arms around her back, pulling her close and gazing into her deep eyes. Shivers ran up and down his spine and he chuckled, running a finger through her beautiful hair. "You are so beautiful…" She smiled, running a hand down his face. "That is good to hear- I was concerned that you only liked me for my personality…" she chuckled as he pressed himself tight to her and kissed her cheek. "And if I did?" he looked into her eyes again, amazed at their depth. 'How have I lived without this for all these years?' his mind asked as he breathed deeply her sweet scent. "Well…" she smirked, cocking her head. "I guess that will do- I mean, I didn't chose you for your eyes…" Her own eyes took on a glimmer of playfulness and he chuckled. Legolas smiled warmly as he watched the couple from the side. His eyes wandered over them with great happiness, but in the back of his mind, he could hear a call crying from the west. It nagged at him and even though he tried to shake it off, he could feel it beginning to tug at his soul. With one more sigh, he pushed it away, watching with a smile as the all in the crowd clapped and cheered as Aragorn lifted Arwen into his arms and twirled her. She was laughing as the leaves swirled around them and the king's eyes were alight with a joy Legolas had not yet seen within him. It seemed to the Prince of Mirkwood that peace and healing would indeed reign in Middle Earth for many years to come. The End