best. "When next you feel the need to touch the sky, Eldarion, tell me, and we will come here and see if we both can." He smiles and in that moment I am glad, so glad, he is my father, for he is special. "It is perfect up here Father." I smile back. He turns back towards the room, and that stone, leaving me basking in the marvelous height on my own. "Shall we go for a ride tomorrow, Eldarion? Out onto the plains. You are the son of a Dunedain and I think perhaps it is time I taught you the secrets of the Rangers. What do you think?" I know my Father used to be one of the Rangers of the North. Those exciting, mysterious, serious men who arrive sometimes with my Uncles and stay for a while before disappearing into the mists yet again. It is hard to imagine my majestic, yet ordinary, father ever being one of them. I know he was, though. I have always known it. My mother calls him a Ranger when she wants to tease him if she does not think he looks smart enough, and Legolas and Gimli always mention it. They go riding in the woods together occasionally—sometimes for days—and my Mother tells me it because Father needs to be Aragorn the Ranger sometimes and not always Elessar the King. He has never before said he will teach me their secrets, though, and I am excited! "Will Legolas come with us?" I ask, because there is nothing better than a ride with Father and Legolas. Legolas rides like a wild-man and sometimes he will let me sit upon the horse with him. "Just you and I," he says, placing a hand gently upon my head and softly ruffling my hair. "Only Rangers can know these secrets. They are not for Wood-elves. Perhaps I will teach you how to track a rabbit across the Pelennor." "Oh yes!" He will teach me to track! For once I am not disappointed at Legolas' absence. "What is the stone, Father?" I cannot help but ask as we walk past it towards the door. It grabs my attention and pulls me in. I want to touch it. "You will not touch it, Eldarion." So serious is he at that moment, I cannot imagine I ever will. "It is not for your hands yet. One day, though, it will be yours. I will teach you of it later. But for now. . . You must promise me you will not touch it. I am trusting you with this." It feels good that he thinks I am old enough to be trusted. And one day. . . one day it will be mine and he will let me know how to use it. I can hardly wait! It is a secret I had not even dreamed of. Today has been a good day after all. He takes me to my mother then, and she holds me close and kisses my bruised knees. She calls me her little elfling, even though I know I am not one. She keeps me close and I do not mind tonight, although sometimes I do. Tonight I am happy to be with her. She makes me happy. After tea she even lets me come to Father's study, while he and Legolas talk about whatever it is they speak of. I have been there occasionally with them. Usually I sit in front of the fire and amuse myself with my soldiers and if I am especially lucky Legolas will play battles with me. Tonight, though, my Mother takes me next to her and we sit in the biggest chair there. I curl up beside her and she strokes my hair. I am safe. I am almost asleep and yet almost awake at the same time and they talk over my head in a pleasant, reassuring hum. "I am sorry, Aragorn." It is Legolas apologising again. He has been unusually quiet this evening and I do not know why he is so sorry until he continues. "I would never have him wish to be me instead of who he is. I have not encouraged it." "Peace, Legolas." My Father uses his softest, kindest voice. "I have been lax in teaching him his own heritage. I will get him to see what an amazing Man he can be." "I have already told him he will be that." Legolas is still not happy and it makes me sad, just the thought of that. "If he grows into a Man who aims for the sky and is determined to climb until he can get there, then I will be pleased." Even my Father does not mock my idea to touch the sky and I am surprised. "And you have already helped him do that. You have done nothing wrong, Legolas. You inspire him. What can be better?" "I did not wish to hurt you." "You have not hurt me!" My father is emphatic, and when he is emphatic you do not argue with him. Even Legolas does not argue with him then. And so they talk, as my mother's hand strokes me to sleep. They talk, all three of them, voices rolling over each other into the night. My Father smokes his pipeweed, I can smell it. I love his smokey, earthy smell almost as much as I love the way my Mother smells of a summer's night. So Father smokes and Legolas complains as he always does when that happens, eventually taking himself outside and his voice floats across the room to me from the balcony as he sings a song. It is in the language of his home. The one his wild people in Ithilien speak when they come here. My mother joins in then, her voice chasing his through the melody. Together they sound beautiful—they have magic in their voices. And there, protected by my Mother, my Father and Legolas. . . I sleep.