had stayed with him. Whenever he had woken up in a haze of pain, someone had been there to hold his hand, to cool his fevered brow and to speak soothing words; most often it had been Elrond. Aragorn had rarely before been so ill, but the comfort he had taken out of his family´s and especially Elrond´s presence had been strangely familiar. - He was pulled out of his musings when Elrond got up: "It is time for you to get something other than broth and dry bread into your stomach. I will go and get some breakfast for us." - After having had breakfast, having his injuries examined and seen to, having the nightshirt and the bedding changed and finally been helped to drink some more pain-relieving potion, Aragorn felt more drained than after a day long walk. He despised feeling so helpless, lying on his back like an overbalanced ladybird, without being able to move freely and severely restricted by his injuries and weakened body, but admittedly was unable to do otherwise. At least Elrond had given him a pillow now that his head felt better, which added a lot of comfort, since it lessened the feeling of helplessness. - The potion made him drowsy, but as his wounds had started to make themselves known again, he did not mind. Elrond had gathered the used linen in his arms: "I will take these to the laundry", he said. "Do you need anything?" "No", Aragorn smiled sleepily at his father. - "Ada", he asked, just as Elrond turned to leave: "Can I not be in my own room?" Elrond broke into a smile as well: "Soon, squirrel. I know you do not like to be ill, but as long as you had been feverish and the knee was not improving I deemed it better for you to stay here, where I had everything I needed in immediate reach. If you feel well tomorrow and the knee proceeds to heal, we shall move you." "Good..." Aragorn whispered, closing his eyes, "tomorrow..." In his dreams, he remembered; pictures of what had happened were coming back to him, haunting him. He vividly recalled being surrounded by Orcs, creatures which he had not encountered very often before; he knew he was bound to lose against their superiour number, and he felt weak and queasy due to the pain which flared through him, but he was determined to fight as long as he could. He would not go easily. Then he found that he could not move, and his resolve turned into panic. He could feel the Orcs closing in on him, making it impossible to breathe, restricting his chest. He desperately tried to free himself, gasping and panting, but one of them held on to his arm and shoulder, holding him in place... and then he could suddenly feel air in his lungs, and the Orcs were gone. All he felt now were two gentle hands, stroking him gingerly, and a soothing voice caressed his hurting soul. With an effort, he opened his eyes and found Elladan hovering over him, trying to calm the trembling Ranger down. "Estel", he said, relieved to see him awake. "You were dreaming." Aragorn, still lingering between the dreadful dark images of the nightmare and waking up, stared at Elladan as if he were an apparition. The elf was the exact opposite of the Orcs: while they were ugly, dark and evil, he was a creature of light, strong and beautiful yet gentle. He sat down on the edge of the bed and took Aragorn´s head in his hands: "It was but a nightmare, Estel", he said. "But they were there", Aragorn panted, breathless. "They attacked me-" "They did, yes. They did not kill you, though." Elladan spoke insistently, for he did not want Aragorn to relive the nightmares he had had as a little boy. "You have proven to be stronger than they are!" "No... Elladan, if the guards had not found me-" His brother interrupted him: "Tiriel said that you have defended yourself masterly, Estel." Aragorn looked down, but Elladan reinforced his grip, if gently, to redirect the man´s attention on himself: "There were hardly any Orcs left for them to kill when they arrived." He shook his head: "You beat them, Estel. You truly did." He smiled. Aragorn blinked; he had yet to comprehend all this. Elladan stroked his hair: "The fear is nothing but a memory", he added, softly. "Do not let it into your heart, for nothing good derives from it." - Gradually, Aragorn relaxed into his brother´s care. He was not entirely convinced that he would manage to control his fear, but he knew Elladan was right; it would devour what little strength he had right now. He was safe while he was in Rivendell, and he tried to concentrate on that very reassuring thought. - In the following morning, the elves brought Aragorn into his own room just as Elrond had promised. The twins helped him to sit up and put on a dressing gown, then Elrond cautiously lifted him up into his arms to carry him upstairs. Aragorn looked embarassed, evidence of how humiliating he considered having to be carried, even though he knew he would not be able to walk on his own. And he had asked for this, had he not? - It was a relief to lie down in his own bed; being moved had strained his injuries no matter how careful Elrond had been. It was good to be out of the healing quarters, too, since he felt less like a patient now. He had not been in this room for a long time, but it looked exactly like it had when he had last seen it, and a smile broke on his face when he looked around, taking comfort in the knowledge that there had been a place for him to return to all the while he had been away. -- The End --