in order to see new places and meet new people. His fate was nothing more than an unfortunate accident—caught in a simple rock slide far from anyone who had proper training in healing. The good people of Briarwood had found him barely alive, but had cared for him as best they could. However, in the end he had known that his wounds had been too grave and something had been festering inside for quite awhile before he died. He asked for whoever found the scroll to please find a way to tell his family of his fate and let them know that he missed them terribly, but he had died happy, amongst friends. Almost wordless in his sorrow to hear of so young a one's unfortunate fate, Elladan thanked the old farmer and, promising to get the scroll to 'Walter's' family, and after chatting with him for a short while, politely took his leave of him. ------ The elf that made his way out of the valley was nothing like the one who had entered. While dealing with the old farmer at the end, Elladan had pushed aside his shock over hearing, supposedly, of his twin's death, but now that he was alone again, he couldn't prevent the horror from again consuming him. His emotions had been caught up in a tornado and he was nearly insensible as Isilmë safely took him back over the river of mud. A shiver coursed through Elladan's body periodically as he rode without conscious thought—hope, joy, excitement, amusement, horror, dread, fear, relief, sadness…he had experienced them all in such a short period of time and now he was left feeling wasted…exhausted. When Isilmë stopped abruptly, nearly dumping him onto the ground, he looked up and noticed that they were out of the valley and had apparently been traveling for some while, as it was getting rather dark. Unable to even think about where to go or what to do next, he dismounted ungracefully and then fell to his knees in the mud. Tears were an indulgence he wouldn't allow himself, but he couldn't stop his trembling body from finally reacting to the shock he'd experienced and found that his legs wouldn't support him. To have believed that Elrohir was dead, for even a minute, had hurt worse than a thousand sword thrusts into his stomach. Even now, after he knew the dead elf wasn't his twin, he was still finding it hard to regain his equilibrium and slowly bent over, his arms coming up to cradle his head as he tried to pull himself back together. His breath came in deep gasps as overwhelming relief conflicted with the devastating disappointment that he still hadn't found his twin. In the end, that was the truth facing him. Elrohir was still just as lost and he had no new ideas on where to look for him. Elladan sat in the mud all night, not looking for shelter and for the first time ever, not even seeing to Isilmë's needs. His loyal companion didn't seem to mind, though. He somehow seemed to understand that for this night, Elladan was incapable of doing anything beyond simple breathing. He sidled a bit closer to the huddled shape and that's how the two passed the long, cold night, Isilmë standing guard over his distraught master until the first rays of the sun lightened the morning sky. ------------------- Two weeks later, Elladan had left behind the sharp peaks and valleys of the Grey Mountains and was traveling amongst the inhospitable villages that dotted plains to the west. If he had seemed cold and unapproachable before, he was even more so now. His experience at the farm had taught him not to let down his emotional shields for anything and now they were more firmly in place than ever. Therefore, it was only by great luck that a message that had been left for him was actually delivered. It had been left at a great number of villages that Elladan had already visited, but no one had been willing to approach the terrifying elven warrior and tell him of it. But fortunately, in one of the small villages there was an old soldier who had fought with Elladan many years before and recognized his long-ago companion. He was determined to deliver the news that had been left with him, but even so, the soldier approached the lone elf carefully, knowing something bad must have happened to separate him from his brother. When he spoke to Elladan, he barely saw a glimpse of the bright spirit he'd known from before, but was rewarded with a slight smile when Elladan heard that a message had been left for him from Estel. Elladan listened to the message eagerly but it was disappointingly simple. Estel needed him and he was asked to meet his brother. It gave an approximate location and direction and that was all. The elf's initial reaction to the message was one of concern. He knew Estel would only call him away from his search for something major, something that he and the rangers couldn't take care of themselves. He never once considered that Estel may have found Elrohir—it never crossed his mind that someone not looking for his twin would stumble across him. Eventually, though a spark of joy started coursing through Elladan, despite his firm desire to keep all his emotions locked away. For whatever cause, he would soon be meeting up again with his little brother and he knew that he needed the freshness that encounter would bring to his spirit. With a renewed lightness of heart, rode out to meet his brother. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ A/N: This is where the story meets back up with "Lost," after Estel finds Elrohir and needs Elladan's help to get their brother back home. Well, hope you enjoyed this little story. I know it's a bit patchy in places, but I wrote it quickly so I could get it out before the holidays. Cheers! Firstmate.