time that seemed endless to Ananynse they reached the river, and she dropped wearily to her knees into the shallow water as they tried to cross the narrow stretch of water. She watched absently as her blood swirled into the water to be washed in a diluted streak downriver. Delvan's grip pulled her back onto her feet and she was dimly aware of the large trees looming far overhead as they entered the shadows of the forest. Delvan halted as she bent over to catch her breath, the pain a roaring fire in her side. The men weaved slowly past them into the darkness as she gripped her knees fighting the engulfing pain. She sucked in a deep breath, struggling to gain more air as Delvan held her up. "Come on, Ananynse. By the Gods, these elves better be close by, or I'm afraid you'll not make it much further." He pulled her upright, wrapping his arm around her waist. Ananynse groaned as the pain made her dizzy and reached up to pull her helmet off with shaking hands. Delvan stopped abruptly as the men in front of them halted. Heated words trickled into Ananynse head as she shook off the encroaching darkness that threatened to overwhelm her. She clutched Delvan's arm with a curse. "Take me to the front," she gasped as Delvan pulled, half carried her toward the front of the column. Ananynse found Delvan's son Eoin standing nose to nose with an elf, his bloodstained hands gripping his sword, but not drawing it. The others stood warily behind the Mithrin warrior as Delvan pushed his way past them to reach Eoin and Ananynse finally pulled off her helmet throwing it to the ground. She staggered slightly when Delvan released her to draw his sword but she shoved him aside to stumble past him. She gripped his arm, holding him from pulling the blade free as her hand left a bloody imprint on his already filthy sleeve. Looking up through the haze of pain, she wiped her bloody hand across her mouth, tasting the rusty taste of her own blood as she glared at the elf. "I have come to seek the aid of Galadriel," she gasped but then coughed and felt the blood trickling from her lip. She bent over slightly to ease the pain as she clutched her side aware the elf was staring at her in disbelief. What, had he never seen anyone wounded before she thought dazedly. Haldir's gaze was icy with disdain, the grey eyes glittering as his lips tightened to a familiar thin line. She had the sense that he was angry but she had no use for his annoyance, and gasped for breath, forcing herself upright again. The elf stepped closer, his gaze narrowing on her, his voice lowered for her alone. "I shall bring you to Galadriel, but your men can go no further." Ananynse stepped back, fury at his coldness, his disdain toward her men and the effects of the pain in her side wiping out any sense of caution. The sound of her hand hitting his face was like the crack of a whip as with a blur she swung at him knowing her eyes must be blazing like the wretched orcs they'd fought. But she didn't care and she struggled to meet the elf's slowly returning gaze as he turned his face back toward her. Haldir glared at her for a second in astonishment, touching the bloody imprint her hand had left behind on his cheek. He looked at the blood on his fingertips and then down at her, his eyes dark with outrage. But Ananynse stared in horror at the elf, unaware of the rushing darkness and fell forward. Dimly she felt someone lift her swiftly and then she was being lowered to the ground. She fought the shadows in her mind, crying out as they pulled away the tunic from her side. She forced her eyes open to find Haldir leaning over her, his face suddenly grim. Delvan leaned over his shoulder, his face white with fear, but then gripped the elf's shoulder jerking him to face him suddenly as Ananynse tried to control the spasms of pain in her side. "If she dies, I will kill you," Delvan snarled as he looked into the impassive eyes of the elf. "She will not die," Haldir said as he pushed the man away and turned back to her. Ananynse watched him as he reached into his belt pulling out a small pouch and leaned back over her. He pulled away part of the tunic, his face devoid of any reaction as she gritted her teeth, afraid to close her eyes, afraid the shadows would sweep her away, afraid of what she would see again. "The wound is serious. You have bled far too much," Haldir warned her softly. Ananynse was fully aware of that but Delvan, clearly annoyed by the elf's calm perusal of her side, caught his wrist as the warden removed some leaves from the pouch in his hand. "What are you going to do? She's dying!" "She will not die," Haldir repeated firmly pushing Delvan away, "if you allow me to continue to do what I must." He reached into his belt pulling out another small pouch and leaned back over Ananynse. He frowned, motioning to the elves behind him. They quickly disappeared. He lowered his head near to hers and she felt a wash of pleasure, oddly amid the pain as he spoke softly into her ear in a soft murmur of what she assumed was elvish. The shadows lifted, but in its place a bright mist began to drift over her vision, blurring Delvan as he leaned forward furiously. She heard him snarl, his words growing muted, but she felt like she was floating, aware yet of Delvan's concern and feeling Haldir press something gently to her side. Then she felt his hand on her forehead and everything faded quickly. TBC...