Damn. They did not move closer, only stood watching her with eyes that glittered with hostility. Very well, now what? She waited silently for one of them to speak. "How do you come to have a Lórien elf? Is he dead?" The voice was smooth, almost crystalline in quality. And it came from behind her. She turned her head to see the elf. Nay, elves. More stood at the rear, their arrows also nocked. She was in their domain. Mairen shook her head. "Nay, not dead. Yet," she added with emphasis. Epona snorted in seeming agreement. The elf frowned, his long elegant brows dropping over bright blue eyes. Icy, fearless eyes that held her captive. She tried to control the shiver that ran along her spine. "He is severely injured," she said. "Ambushed by Orcs. Do you want him? Or shall we spar for another hour while he withers away? The ride has been long and difficult for him." The elf's gaze moved beyond her shoulder to the elves in front of her. She faced forward again to see another elf had come forward. He spoke to the one behind her, in their language, his tone sharp. She glanced from one elf to the other, noticing the similarities in their movements and expression. They had to be brothers. The elf in front strode up to Epona, and grasped of the roan's bridle. Mairen stared in astonishment, for against all training the horse accepted the elf's hold. The elf from behind her appeared at her side. "I will take him." Mairen looked down into the icy blue eyes. Did she see a hint of worry in the blue depths? She gripped the lance, suddenly unwilling to give up her burden. But that was why she had come and she was being foolish. The elf needed his own kind, and the healing they could offer him. Yielding to the inevitable, she spun the lance over her head, imbedding it into the ground beside the elf. He did not flinch, but the elves surrounding her did. Wooden bows creaked as tension was applied. She was glad they did not have her jittery fingers. She felt the stares drill into her back. Careful, do not be unwise, she told herself. Mairen untied the helm, lifting it off her head. And smiled as the icy elf's eyebrow rose slowly. She sheathed her sword, if a bit reluctantly, earning her another raised brow, this time from the one holding Epona's bridle. She glared at the horse when the elf spoke softly to the animal, which nickered softly in answer. What magic did these elves have to tame a Rohirrim war horse, trained to kill and only obey one master? The injured elf was drawn from her lap by two elves who laid him with great gentleness upon the ground. The one who spoke her tongue looked up at her with narrowed eyes. "You tended him?" Mairen settled in her saddle, her legs feeling suddenly empty. "Aye. The wound on his head was great. I dared not leave it, so when I was able, I stitched it closed." She shifted her gaze to the elf holding her horse, then back to the injured elf on the ground. Something about them tickled a memory in the back of her mind, but what was it? She ignored the sensation, noting that the injured elf seemed to be someone important. They elves spoke quietly, but rapidly, and she did not miss the uneasy looks that passed between them. The elf who bent over the injured one stood to face her. "We need your horse. The way to the city is long, and we need to get him to the Lady of the Wood as quickly as possible. You will have to come with us." "I cannot stay." Mairen pulled against the reins of her roan, but the elf holding Epona only sent her an inscrutable look. "I have brought him as far as I will," she protested. Anger flitted across the elf's face. "You have no choice. Night is falling. You cannot travel alone in the darkness, even we dare not. You have come this far, another short distance will make no difference to you. He is weak and will die otherwise." Mairen's lips tightened with foreboding. She didn't care to stay here any longer than necessary. Willem's words echoed in her head, but on the other hand she had brought the wounded elf this far; she couldn't let him die now. Still, she didn't have to like it. The elf turned back toward the others, motioning for them to lift the injured elf. He glanced back at Mairen. "It will be better for him to stay upright. You must allow one of us to ride with him." Mairen shook her head. "Epona will not allow anyone else to ride her." The elf glanced at the one holding Epona's bridle. "Rúmil can ride her. He has already won your horse's confidence." Mairen eyed the elf, but could not refute his words, for indeed Epona was nuzzling Rúmil quite fondly. "I see you have some sway over my animal," she said warily. "What magic do you possess to control her? She used to be trained quite well." Rúmil patted the horse gently, and moved to stand beside Mairen. "I have a way with such beasts. We speak the same language. She is still yours, but understands our needs. She will allow it." Epona seemed to comprehend and echoed his words with a fierce nod of her head. Giving in, Mairen dismounted and stepped back to allow the elf to leap gracefully onto the roan's back. The elves slid the injured elf in front of him, and Rúmil clasped him firmly around the waist, holding him against his chest. "He will ride swiftly and meet us at the city." The elf called Rúmil urged Epona forward, and they sprang away, horse and elves as one, into the long shadows of the forest.