fierce battle Aragorn had fought. He covered Aragorn back up with the blanket and layed the Ranger´s elven cloak on top of it for additional warmth; that was all that he could do for now. He felt like resting as well, his own tiredness slowly creeping up on him; he wanted to go and find Gandalf first, though, for he would know what to do with Aragorn´s shoulder. - Slowly, Legolas got up and left the room. He found the wizard on the outer wall, overlooking the keep and obviously watching something. By the time the elf had reached him, he had recognized what it was: two elven warriors were carrying Haldir´s body away. Silently, their eyes followed the bier, and it suddenly seemed to Legolas as if all the sadness and grief he had experienced so far could easily be increased to the infinite, no matter how strong it had already been before. Gandalf´s low voice interrupted his thoughts: "Were you looking for me?", he asked. Legolas nodded hesitantly, as his mind was still with Haldir: "Yes", he murmured and finally pulled himself together, turning to the wizard: "Aragorn´s shoulder seems injured, and I am not sure what causes it." Gandalf nodded and followed the elf to the guardroom. - When Aragorn woke up a few hours later, he did not feel any pain; it was warm around him, and his mind was still tired enough to keep him in a state of relaxed contentment. He could vaguely make out the shape of Legolas, resting on the other cot and seemingly asleep, and knew everything was well if the elf had let his guard down like this. Thus reassured, he closed his eyes again. He had not noticed the old wizard, who was sitting on the other side, watching over the two friends. While he had examined Aragorn´s shoulder, Legolas had sat down on the unoccupied cot. "It is a mere contusion", Gandalf said, confirming Legolas´assumption, "not dangerous but certainly painful. I will brew a tea which will help to reduce the swelling and the pain." When he returned with the tea, however, Legolas had fallen asleep and sunk down sideways on the cot. Muttering under his breath good-naturedly, the wizard put the cup down and lifted Legolas´ legs on the cot as well, then he started to make Aragorn drink the tea, gently lifting his head so he could swallow. The Ranger did not wake up at this, so deep was his usually light sleep. Gandalf could not but look from him to Legolas a few times, smiling into his beard. When the cup was finally empty, the wizard got up once more and pulled the elf´s cloak over him: he knew that Legolas probably would not feel the cool air as much as Aragorn, but still- Gandalf simply could not imagine feeling comfortable without a blanket. Legolas stirred in his sleep, his unfocused eyes blinking once and looking at Gandalf before he drifted off again. The wizard smiled once more and sat back down, mulling over the past few days. His gaze came to rest on Aragorn, whose face was peaceful. He had lead the people to victory, had proven his valour beyond expectations; Gandalf hoped that he would not pay too high a price for this, for the war, he knew, was just about to begin. His gaze strayed over to Legolas again, watching the prince for a while: without losing too many words about it, had he stayed at Aragorn´s side and would continue to do so as long as he could. The wizard was glad about the loyalty he had found even in the dwarf; friendship and the strength it provided truly had to be valued above anything else in times like these. - Two hours after midnight, Aragorn started to toss and turn; the effects of the tea had worn off, and he was dreaming, disturbing pictures haunting his exhausted mind. Gandalf had left the room to enjoy his pipe outside, and sat under the stars, enjoying the cool, fresh air. Aragorn tried to escape his attackers, huge, faceless figures which closed in on him. The nearer they were, the clearer their outlines became, and he could hear them growling. Legolas jerked out of his sleep with a start; he looked around in confusion for a moment, but then a sound startled him to the direction of where Aragorn was lying. The Ranger seemed to be caught in a nightmare, fidgeting on his cot as if trying to get away from something, moaning pitifully. In an instant, Legolas was on his feet and by his friend´s side: "Aragorn", he said, "Aragorn, wake up! You are dreaming!" He tried to calm the Ranger by touching him, but Aragorn recoiled from him; it took Legolas a few seconds more until his friend seemed to recognize his voice and calmed down enough to let himself allowed to be touched. His body was still tense and trembling slightly. Legolas stroked Aragorn´s temple and held his hand: "Estel", he said, switching to elvish, "wake up. Leave these dark dreams..." Moments later, Aragorn´s eyes opened. "Legolas", he asked, his voice barely above a whimper, reminding the elf of the child he had once known. "Yes, it is I", Legolas soothed, continuing to stroke the man´s head, "you were dreaming. None of it is real, though, and you are safe. Do not be afraid..." Slowly, Aragorn relaxed into his friend´s care. Legolas had always meant safety for him, as much as his father; he had no reason not to trust him, thus he closed his eyes again, after looking at the elf for a few more moments, as if he wanted to make sure that he would not disappear. "I will stay with you, Estel", Legolas murmured. "I will watch over you..." Relieved, Aragorn let himself be overwhelmed by sleep. There was nothing to fear with Legolas by his side. -- The End -- What do you think? Reviews appreciated!