is a child no longer," Aragorn says sadly. "He must face the consequences of his actions. I was not going to shield him. He will be a man soon, Legolas, and I want him to be a good man. He will think twice before questioning those wiser than him again." "Sometimes questioning is a good thing." Legolas argues. "We are not always right. We will need him to challenge us." "And yet sometimes it is dangerous. He has learned that today, and he has seen what may happen to those he loves when he does what he wishes." There is silence then as the both of them stare into the dark. The flames throw shadows which dance through the gold of elven hair as it falls across Aragorn's tunic. Eventually it is Legolas who speaks. "He will be a good man, Aragorn. You need not worry about that. For his father is one." And Aragorn gives a soft chuckle, as he rests his chin upon Legolas' head. "Thank you," he whispers. I can barely hear him. "Thank you for saving him for me, for taking this pain for his sake." "He is your son," Legolas replies. "I would take much more than this to keep him safe. You do not have to thank me." "Oh but I do," Aragorn murmurs in reply. "I do ." When I have heard nothing more from them for some time I rise and approach them. Aragorn lifts his head and smiles but Legolas is asleep. "You should sleep," I tell him, for he is weary. Repairing the elf was not an easy job. "I am awake; I will keep watch." And I take the chance to brush my fingers across the elf's face, just to reassure myself he is well...or he will be, eventually. Aragorn knows what I do. "He will be himself tomorrow," he smiles. "And on his feet the day after. It was a nightmare to clean, and I have made a mess of his leg, but he will heal, thank goodness. A week' s time and you will barely know I have been there." "Sometimes I am grateful he is an elf, for he damages himself so badly and with such abandon. Were he a Man we would have lost him long ago," I say, and I mean it, but Aragorn just laughs. "Were he a Man, he would not be Legolas," he says, and it is true. I leave him then, and I am truly thankful when I look across a short time later and he is asleep, Legolas in his arms. The light is still new and the sun barely reaching into the sky when Aragorn wakes and gently extracts himself from the elf. He nods at me as he strolls across the glade towards his son and I take the chance to stretch and walk off the night's stiffness. "I will go and wash," I tell him and he gives his agreement. When I return—clean, fresh and ready for a new day—he is gone and the boy with him. Legolas has propped himself against a tree—or has Aragorn done that? Probably the latter now that I think about it—and he is happily filling his stomach with a chunk of bread. "Gimli, you have returned to me!" he cries, pretending excitement to see me. Aragorn is right; he is himself again. "Where is Aragorn?" I frown. "Where is the boy?" "They have gone for a walk." Legolas waves his hand airily towards the trees. "Do not worry. He did not leave me alone until he was sure you were returning." So Aragorn has taken his son off to speak with him about what it takes to be a man. I wonder, with a rush of curiosity, if Legolas will protect the boy's secret? "What do they want with walking so early?" I ask him. "Oh Gimli," he leans forward conspiratorially."They grow sick of our company I think… Sometimes Men, well, they have this need to be Mannish. Far rather they do it on their own than involve us." And I cannot help but laugh. So he will keep it to himself and so he should. The boy has suffered enough without my disapproval on top of it. "Eldarion is a boy yet, not a man," I say to return Legolas' teasing, pointing out the flaw in his argument, and he is suddenly all seriousness when he replies. "He is nearly a man, Gimli. He grows too fast. I go to Ithilien and when I return sometimes he is changed completely." I know this frightens him, our rapid change, and the boy's is particularly apparent. It reminds him Aragorn has aged also. Sometimes I think he feels us slipping through his fingers. I sit beside him. I think he needs me. I think he needs my steadiness before he flits off into anxiety and grief. "You would not wish him to be a boy forever, Legolas. This is but another stage. You will have many years to enjoy him as a man. He will always love you." "I know that." He snakes his hand out and grasps mine, entwining our fingers together, rooting himself in the reality of now, not the dark chasm of the future. "We have all been working together to grow him well, Legolas, and now that time is upon us. I think it is as hard for Aragorn as it is for you." And he smiles then, his sweet, mercurial, heart-lifting smile. "Oh it is far harder for him, Gimli! For the day is nearly upon us when Eldarion will best him. He will be impossible to live with then!" His laughter fills the glade, bright and strong. I imagine even Aragorn and Eldarion will hear it wherever they are. And I think of my words in the night, the ones I spoke to Aragorn. I am glad Legolas is a wood-elf. As frustrating as he can be, I would not have him any other way.