is pointless and sometimes I think he is right. The breeze catches his hair and it drifts across my face, pale gold in the light of the sun. He tosses his head to send that recalcitrant hair sliding back into place. It is, at the same time, a gesture of defiance also, a glimpse of his dissatisfaction with all that my Kingship forces between us. "I know you do not like Elessar, Legolas, but sometimes I have no choice. If it were up to me I would be the ranger all the time, but I am a King, as you are a prince. We cannot escape that." He does not answer me but as I watch he plucks a piece of grass from the ground and spins it between his fingers before he asks casually, too casually. . . "Will they allow you any time to yourself tomorrow?" "The morning is a string of negotiations, but the afternoon . . . There is some time there to be had." It is a lie, I am so busy that giving up my afternoon will mean I am working until the early hours, if not the crack of dawn. But he needs this of me. As I watch, the blade of grass he is spinning moves faster and faster until I cannot even see it. I know this sign, I have seen it often; he is tense and anxious. "A ride then?" It is a throwaway comment, as if it does not matter at all when I know it does. "A ride would be glorious!" I stretch out my legs and lean back against the tree. This is the truth! At this moment there is nothing I can think of I would rather do. Legolas is an expert horseman. I try to keep up but I always fail, and yet I do not mind for watching him ride in his wildness is beauty in itself. And instantly he relaxes. "I am feeling caged here," he confesses, flicking the blade of grass away across the lawn as he speaks, "and I do not dare ride alone at the moment . . . " He does not have to elaborate, I know. I know if he went riding while the sea calls—well, who knows when we would next see him. His smile is worth every moment I will spend working after dark to achieve this. "The delegation leaves in a week," I tell him, eager to do more. "And Faramir is here to watch the city for me. I will be free then. What say you and I go wild? For a few days anyway." "With your guards trailing behind us." It may sound as if he rejects my offer but I can tell he is pleased. We get so little time, just the two of us. "We can lose them! We have done it before . . . Unless that is too great a challenge for a simple wood-elf?" I am confident now, in his better mood, to gently mock his heritage, and I am rewarded with his gentle laughter spilling across the garden, lightening the heart of everyone who hears it. "When have mortals ever been a challenge for me!" I fold up his picture then, carefully, and place it in my pocket. "You do not need that, Aragorn." He reaches out in alarm. "I told you it is nothing—" "And I told you it was not nothing. I will not show Arwen, I promise, but I need this to remember. " And I pat the pocket I have placed it in. I need it to remember to look below the surface, to remember there are other things that may lie beneath his elven misery and bad temper when it flares. I look to the sky where the sun is low. There is maybe an hour perhaps until we are forced in to dinner and because there are dignitaries in attendance it will be in the hall—which he hates—where we are all on show. I think of letting him off that agony this evening, telling him he is not needed, that Arwen will bring food to his room and I will make his excuses. But before I can voice it he beats me to it, following my gaze to the sky. "We do not have long before they force us into those ridiculous clothes, before they parade us all in the dining hall." He says with a scowl. "You do not have to go this evening, Legolas—" "It is alright." He shrugs his shoulders and dismisses my protests, tilting his head and bestowing on me the smallest of smiles as he glances for the first time in my direction. "I will tolerate it." He leaps to his feet as if he has not a care in the world, reaching out his hand to haul me after him. He is back, my bright and brilliant friend! "How about some time with the bow? What say you, Aragorn? Before we must go and eat. I have energy to burn . . . I will even use one of your Mannish bows to give you an advantage!" As if anything will give me an advantage against him when he uses the bow! He could have both hands bound behind his back and still beat me and I tell him so. "Ah well, if you are scared?" He laughs as he throws an arm across my shoulder. It is good, his friendship. He shines a light upon me that takes the burdens of the day and dissipates them into the ether. This is why I am glad he is here. This is why I will move mountains to help him. He gives me far more than I can ever give him. And so we walk, the sun on our backs, the wind in our hair. We are Aragorn and Legolas and that is all. No Kings, no Princes—just a man and an elf. And our friendship.