wondered at enchantment but he was not an uneducated man who believed in fairy tales about elves casting spells. That was nonsense. "Perhaps you are right," the elf answered then, "Perhaps I have acquired a human brother on my wanderings." He bent towards Faramir as if sharing a confidence, "He can act as if he thinks he is older than me also, although he is not at all you know!" How it had come to it that he should be sharing confidences with this elf, about the King he barely knew, he did not know. "Still," Legolas said then, softly to himself, "that means I will lose another." his voice so quiet, so nearly inaudible it could almost be imagined he had not said anything at all. He lifted his head and shook it, as if to shake away the remnants of grief and loss and sadness that still clung to him, and fixed once again his entire focus upon the man beside him. "We shall be friends then." he announced, as if it was an agreement already decided upon and Faramir was left wondering when they had discussed this for he was sure they had not, it was proving hard to keep up and he had always thought himself quick witted. "Of course." He was not about to argue, there was in fact nothing he would like more than to get to know the elf better. It was turning into quite an enlightening afternoon and not at all the one he had thought it would be. "You will have to let go all those ideas you have from your books though, of Noldor heroes, for I am not like them at all." Legolas was deadly serious as he said this and it was then he found himself finally undone, finally giving way to superstition and rumour. "How do you know that? How do you know what I have read? Do you read my mind?" For what else could it be? The elf erupted in a burst of happy laughter, so bright it was, and infectious, and he doubled up in mirth. "I am not Galadriel! I cannot read the thoughts of others though I mightily wish I could," his eyes danced with excitement, all of a sudden he was transformed, had he ever been somber? "Have you heard of Beleg Cúthalion?" The question, out of the blue took Faramir by surprise but at least he could answer it with confidence. "Beleg Strongbow? Certainly I have heard of him." "He is one of our heroes. So much more exciting than the Noldor will ever be, with their poetry and everlasting melancholy." Once again he found himself wanting to please, to say something that would encourage the continuance of this bouyant mood, it was a strange effect but not an unpleasant one. "I have heard the soldiers saying you are as Beleg to Aragorn's Turin." It was true, he had heard that and he thought Legolas would like it. He was right. "You have?" He was all enthusiasm and glee as he considered it, pondering on Faramir's words with complete sincerity. "But I do not think Aragorn would run me through, do you?" Legolas could not be serious he thought, he did not really sit here and consider the potential for Aragorn to head down a Turin like path of misery. He was gripped by a sudden, most unusual, need to tease. "Perhaps you should be careful of him in the dark." There was a pause, a long pause, a pause during which Faramir found himself wondering if this had been a step too far. What was he thinking, suggesting his King could seriously murder his closest friend? Had he lost his mind? But then, just as he tried to formulate his apology, a surge of uncontrollable, wild laughter broke forth, accompanied by what could only be described as a grin. He had not known until then that elves could grin, could be anything except perfect composure, and he was filled once again by that light, refreshing, sense of wellbeing as his courage returned. This truly was magic. What else could it be? "How did you know?" he asked before he could change his mind "How did you know what books I had read? If it was not from my thoughts then how else?" "Your brother told me." "My brother?" He could not believe that. For why would Boromir, in the midst of such danger, have told Legolas this? "Because he loved you." Legolas answered the question he had not even asked, "Because you were always in his thoughts and he wished me to know you. He told me you would benefit from meeting me but he was wrong!" "Wrong?" He already felt blessed by this meeting, Boromir had always known him best, no wonder he had known what a gift, for Faramir, knowing one such as this would be. Legolas clasped his hand then, in his own hand cool and slender; the touch was a surprise. "It I who benefits, for I find I like you very much indeed! I will ever be grateful your brother has led me here. Together we can forge our way perhaps, as leaders when we expected not to be, as men of importance and duty when we assumed we would always be free to do our own thing. To fill our brother's shoes as we hold them in our hearts and remember them. What say you?" He missed his brother as he missed no one else. He had never wanted this, never dreamed of this, but now he had it thrust upon him. Could he be a new Faramir? The elf smiled upon him eyes alight with anticipation, He thought it was possible, he saw Faramir's pain, doubt and hesitation and yet he still believed. "What say I?" Suddenly he was confident, he was courageous, he was bold. He did not need to pause; he did not need to think. "Legolas, I say yes."