we could never reach you on your elevated thrones, which, by the way, you made yourself. Noldo are untrustworthy, dangerous and backstabbing, so never leave one unattended. And as for lifestyle, you place far too much value on the arts and crafts of stone and metal, forgetting about the forest and life around you. And you spend ages writing unnecessary books about legends better transmitted in song!" She glanced indignantly at the noldor when she said the last sentence, fully agreeing with that one. He laughed. "Ouch" he murmured, rolling over onto his side and looking at her. "I told you they were bad," Amariel grinned, but he smiled one of his half smiles. "So are ours. Would you like to hear them, my lady?" the last part was mocking and Amariel smirked, turning onto her side as well to better look at him. "Oh, I'd love to, my lord ." "You Mirkwood elves are unsophisticated and rural. You follow an old way which we have long since evolved from, instead learning to do more, to be more. You are not as wise, and not as fair as we, and you are dangerous and prone to rash actions. You would kill others and place even elves in your dungeons if they displease you, which is considered low by the noldor. And your king is as stubborn as his people, clinging to old traditions and as rash as any of you. Therefore, you have no chance of development in your forest, and you would never become as wise as we, nor gain the beauty that comes with knowledge." Amariel snorted, very unladylike. "So basically we are ugly, rural people, wild and uncouth. We're bold but foolhardy and therefore dangerous to be around." The noldo nodded, but paused, studying her. "That was a good summarizing I guess. But I am not sure I believe the stereotype anymore. You certainly do not fit that description." "Careful," Amariel said sarcastically, "Or you might end up sounding like you actually like a lowly silvan such as me." "I do." Amariel stared at the noldo in surprise. In the firelight, his dark locks looked like liquid twilight. She forced a laugh. "A good one," she murmured. "The oh-so high noldo, interested in one of the ugly, wild…" The noldo straightened, and placing one hand on her other side he leaned over her, forcing her to roll onto her back. He frowned down at her. "You are not ugly," he said slowly, clearly. "Nor do I find you wild. Not in a negative manner at least." His lips quirked, and Amariels mind reeled, lost in surprise and annoyingly slow. "What is that supposed to mean?" she asked and his lips raised once more in that half-smile. "You are strange," he admitted softly, pushing away a strand of hair from her face. His fingers brushed her cheekbones lightly, leaving a cold shiver behind. "You do make some ridiculous comments and have the most peculiar and foolhardy ideas. - Drinking dorwinion alone in Mirkwood?" His voice raised incredulously, then he laughed lightly staring into her eyes. "And yet, I do like you. "And as for the stereotypes," he shook his head. "You are beautiful. Perhaps a little rougher around the edges than the noldorin elleths, but your heart is in the right place." Amariel was rendered speechless. The fire beside them crackled lightly, the dying embers in need of tending, and yet her eyes remained locked on his, unable to turn away. In his she could discern so much emotion, so much warmth transmitted through those silver eyes. Then slowly they closed and she felt his lips brushing over hers lightly, warm and soft. It was as if he was testing her boundary, and the light touch ended all too soon. In their wake her lips felt cold, and suddenly her stupor was broken. Reaching a hand around his neck, she pulled him closer, her lips meeting his fully. She felt a small gust of air leave him at her action, and his strong arm brush over her side as he repositioned himself to better kiss her. It was long and sweet, before Amariel finally broke it, pulling away slightly to breathe. When she opened her eyes he was looking at her, face so close their foreheads were touching. Amariel laughed breathlessly. "Now who is the bold one? And perhaps even foolhardy…" she murmured. For a moment an image of her father scowling flickered through her mind. How angry would he be if he heard of this? Then it immediately evaporated as he laughed. "Maybe the stereotypes fit us as well as you. We are both foolhardy. But right now," he moved one hand to her cheek, cupping it and then leaning down for another kiss. "I do not care." The moment his lips met hers again, all thought fled her mind. As the heat of their kisses floated through her, she became imminently aware of his hands at her sides as they wrapped around her back, pulling her closer. The kiss became more passionate, his lips more demanding. When he bit her lower lip lightly, she could not help the soft gasp that escaped. Then suddenly his tongue was in her mouth, peremptorily claiming it for his own. She tasted dorwinion in their kiss. One of his hands went underneath her lower back, and she felt her stomach pressed against his. She was flush against him, trapped between him and the cold blanket, her body aware of every part of him against her. And at that moment, she wanted him. She wanted to be loved by him like she had never wanted before. And so she did not resist when she felt his hands go further down her back. Instead she let one of her own wrap around his torso, reveling in the feel of his strong muscles, and pulling him even closer. And when his hand found the hem of her tunic, she did not stop him.