nodded. "It is well, then. May you live blessed, my lady." He sighed and closed his eyes, sinking back into his pillows. The door to the bedroom opened and Gimli opened his eyes to see who had come and saw Elrond and Celebrían stepping in, along with three other Elves he did not know. Legolas gave a small gasp and bowed deeply to them. Galadriel merely looked up and smiled. "Atto, Uncle, Brother, come and meet my friend, Gimli," she said simply. Thus, Gimli son of Glóin became the first of the Children of Aulë to meet the High King of All the Elves in Aman, as well as the Noldóran. But the highlight of the visit for the dying Dwarf was meeting the Lady's brother, Lord Finrod Felagund, Friend to Dwarves and Men. Elrond surreptitiously examined his patient while introductions were made. Celebrían stood beside her mother, smiling in delight at the sight of her grandfather and her Uncle Finrod visiting with Gimli, while Legolas looked on with amusement. Mother and daughter exchanged satisfied smiles. The two kings spoke softly and courteously to the Dwarf and Gimli responded in kind, though he wasn't above making jests at Legolas' expense. The Sinda prince took it in good stride and returned the favor, much to the amusement of the others. Finally, though, Gimli visibly tired and settled back into his pillows with a weary sigh, closing his eyes. The Elves remained respectfully silent. "Legolas." "Yes, Gimli?" "Will you play something for me?" "I thought you found my singing... distracting." A ghost of a smile lit the Dwarf's face. "Well, just this once I suppose I could tolerate it." Finrod reached down where Legolas' harp leaned against the night table and gave it a professional glance, handing it to the Sindarin prince with an approving smile. Legolas returned the smile with a shyly muttered "Thank you". "What should I play?" he asked the Dwarf. Gimli gave a small shrug. "What you will. Let it be your gift to me." Legolas nodded though Gimli did not see. For a moment the Elf did nothing except strum the harp strings in a random pattern, then he began tuning it to Iâf e-Daur and sang a hymn to Aulë that he had composed for Gimli when the Dwarf had taken official lordship of Aglarond. Though the words were unfamiliar to the other Elves, the tune was ancient, having been brought to Ennorath originally by the Noldor, and soon they were all humming along in wordless harmony. And Gimli son of Glóin, First Lord of the Glittering Caves of Aglarond, smiled as he listened to the singing of the Elves one last time. "Time to wake up, my son," came a deep rich voice. Gimli opened his eyes. He was still lying in his bed in the cottage he and Legolas shared in Tol Eressëa, but there was no sign of the Elf. Instead, there were two Beings smiling down at him. "Ma-mahal!?" Gimli exclaimed in disbelief. Aulë, known as Mahal among the Dwarves, nodded and held out his hand. Gimli never hesitated, but took it, allowing the Vala to help him out of bed. He suddenly realized he was no longer feeling old. Looking down at himself he saw his beard was no longer white but the deep russet brown it had been in his youth. He looked up in wonder at the two Beings. "So, I'm finally dead, am I?" he asked with a quirk of his mouth and a twinkle in his eyes. Aulë laughed and the other did too. Gimli took the time to look them over. They were a study in contrast. Whereas Aulë was bright, his hair and beard a golden-red, the other was dark, reminding Gimli more of Lord Elrond than anyone else. Aulë looked fondly upon his Child, then turned to his brother Vala. "Did I not say this one was special, Námo?" Gimli blinked at that. Námo? The Lord of Mandos? He gave the Vala a nervous glance but Námo was paying him no heed as he answered his older brother in the Thought of Ilúvatar. "I always knew he was special, Aulë," Námo said with a smile, "otherwise I would not have seconded your request to allow Gimli to come to Tol Eressëa with Thranduilion." Gimli blinked a second time at that revelation, then decided he really did not want to know the details. Instead he looked around. There was no sign of Legolas or the other Elves. The Valar, divining his unspoken question, turned their attention to him. "They are fine, my Child," Aulë said gently. "Do not fear for your friends. They will mourn but they will go on." "Legolas..." "He will be well," Námo said gently. "Olórin will help him there." Gimli nodded. "It was my one fear, you see," the Dwarf tried to explain, "that the laddie would... would fade when I died. I... I did not want.. I did not want despair to be my last gift to him." The two Valar gave him grave looks. "Fear not, Gimli Elvellon son of Glóin, Lord of Aglarond," Námo intoned formally. "I promise thee that we will look after Thranduilion and teach him joy." "And some day," Aulë added, "thee and he will meet again." Gimli nodded, satisfied. "Well, I'd rather you taught him some new songs instead," he said with a straight face. "I was getting rather tired of the old ones." The Smith of the World and the Lord of Mandos threw back their heads and laughed and soon Gimli joined them as the three walked through the walls of the cottage and made their way further West. Gilgalad ned Pherinor: (Sindarin) "Starlight on Midyear's Day" [pherinor per- "half" + în "year" + aur "day" with stop mutation. Daeradar: (Sindarin) Grandfather. Ennorath: (Sindarin): Middle-earth. Le hannon, i-vellon nîn: (Sindarin) "I thank thee, O my friend". Noldóran: (Quenya) "King of the Noldor". Iâf e-Daur: (Sindarin) "Fruits of the Forest". Elvellon: (Sindarin) "Elf-friend".