riding with Eldarion this late. We will never hear the end of it!" Aragorn wondered as he listened, when, exactly, Legolas managed to become so responsible. It was most out of character. "Arwen is my problem. . . And she forgives you anything Legolas! I will take Eldarion, you go ahead. For a few minutes we can afford you to have a run in the trees. Go!" He could not remember it ever being so difficult to get Legolas into the woods before. When they caught up to him, some way along the path that wound its way through the woods he was still upon his horse, still sitting, head back, gazing at the canopy above his head and he turned when he heard them. "When did you do this Aragorn?" And his eyes were alight with a barely contained excitement as he spoke, for above their head lay a trail of lights, sparkling silver amongst the trees. "I have done nothing, save getting you here." Aragorn smiled. "This is Elrohir's doing." "Elrohir? The Noldor did this?" "Keep on going. . . " the King prodded his friend, "See where they lead us." And so on they went, leaving their horses behind, they wandered down the path following the meandering chain of light until the trees opened up into a glade, and everywhere they looked was all of a sudden festooned in light. The tree tops a sea of stars. It was beautiful. "Look Father!" Eldarion clasped his small hands together in glee. " The sky has fallen into the trees." And then, finally, Legolas smiled. A smile bright enough to match those very stars. "The stars that shone at Lake Cuiviénen, when the first of my people awoke." He said softly to the boy. "That is what these are, shining for me tonight. This used to be the only light they had, until the Noldor bought them the sun." In the centre of the glade was a picnic, a banquet, it seemed, and there were the Children of Elrond, their heads adorned with garlands of leaves, berries, and flowers. Bright against the dark of their hair, they looked, strangely, more Silvan than Noldor. And in the middle of them was one very impatient dwarf. It was the child who saw them first, for Legolas' eyes were on the trees and the stars and Aragorn's, upon his friend. "Mother!" Eldarion cried as he struggled to be free from his father's grip. "You have made a party for Legolas." It was only then, Legolas turned and saw them, and the look of astonishment on his face was almost comical. "Well, do you like it, lad?" Gimli's impatience got the better of him and he could not contain his words. "Have we managed to get it near enough to how things are in your home?" "It is perfect, Gimli. How did you do this?" Legolas breathed out in amazement for he still could not believe his eyes. "Ah, well, I had some help... Come and have some food. It is quite safe to eat, it is all Arwen's doing. I have had no hand in that." Aragorn placed a hand gently on the elf's shoulder then, "I know your people are not here. I cannot do a thing about that, you gave me no time! But we are here. A poor substitute, but know that we love you also." "Oh you are no poor substitute, Aragorn! How did you get this so exactly right? I could not have imagined it, even in my dreams. . .How did Elrohir know this?" "My brothers are not just the Noldor you see, Legolas. They have almost as much Sindar blood as yourself, and you forget, their Mother's heart lay in the woods. She used to do this for them." Then Legolas' smile, if possible, became even wider. "I have always said they could not climb a tree if they tried. Perhaps I was wrong!" "Of course we can climb trees!" The deep voice took them both by surprise. "How do you think we got all these lanterns up there? We did not send the dwarf up, I can tell you." "Elrohir," Legolas turned slowly towards the his friend's most Noldor of brothers as he approached them, but Elrohir was definitely no Noldor today. "Why did you do this? It would have taken you all day, and we are not friends, have never been friends." "Do you think we do not know the yearning for a family far away? The pain of special days passed alone? The longing for home? Why would I not try to ease that for another if I could? We are not so different when you look at it closely, Legolas. No, we are not friends... ". . . But perhaps we should be." And Aragorn's heart clenched when he heard those words for it bought to his mind the years, the increasing number of their own Begetting Days, his brothers had spent with their mother on the far side of the sea . . . And Arwen also. Elrohir did not wait for a reply. He turned away, back towards his sister, his brother, his small nephew sat upon the grass. "But I will tell you one thing," he said back over his shoulder. "I do not know how you manage riding with that dwarf. He will not sit still. Have you given him no training?" And Legolas laughed. An explosion of bright, happy joy. "He is untrainable! Do you not think I have tried?" And he skipped towards the group on the grass, light gold hair swinging around his face, eyes alive with delight. He was a vision of light and radiance. The light of those myriad of stars in the trees shone through him. And only Aragorn heard the murmur, the whisper, said low beneath the elf's breath as he took his first steps toward the gathering awaiting him. "Perhaps we should be," he said, "Perhaps we should be."