pain of her loss wrapping her heart in a smothering grip, threatening to destroy her if only she were to let go, let it take her away . . . "She is not surrendering, Haldir. You are losing your touch." Aragorn's muttering did not sit well. "She wants to die," Haldir muttered crossly, irritably lifting his gaze to the Gondorian King. Aragorn looked up from where he sat next to the woman, hands bloody from her wound, his face granite. He would not give in. Who would be the stronger? Haldir sighed and leaned over her again, tracing a line along her brow, his words too low for even Legolas to hear, standing yet at her feet, holding her ankles. Even were she to surrender, the wound itself might kill her, even with the magic of both elven and Númenor healing. "If she wanted to die she would have thrown herself into that fire with the rest of her family." Legolas's voice was low, his eyes drifting between both Haldir and Aragorn. The woman's gasping words had left them all stunned, delirious or not, they had the ring of truth. Haldir had to agree. He laid a hand over Aragorn's, concentrating on the woman beneath. Her trembling had eased as the pain had lessoned, but she was weak, very weak. She whimpered faintly, tossing her head again. Surrendering was not easy. ** Aragorn's face was drawn, pale with weariness that Haldir felt all too well. The woman was sleeping so deeply that Haldir was worried she would not wake from it. She had finally let go, with weak struggles that they controlled easily, falling into near unconsciousness. The King sat back staring absently at his bloody hands. Haldir slid off the table, legs numb from leaning over her, his hands red to the wrists. A bustling woman strode into the room, her hair a glistening gray that was so unfamiliar to the elves, her green eyes flitting around the room, taking in everything. She looked determined, crossing the room towards Aragorn, holding a basin of steaming water. "Wash, and then go and eat, my lord." The woman bowed slightly as Aragorn flinched, drawn from his study of his hands to look up at her. "Anna, I don't know if it worked?" The King was almost forlorn, but the woman merely scowled, thrusting the bowl toward Aragorn. "You did what you could. It is up to her now." Her glance encompassed Haldir with the same measure of forcefulness. "Both of you have. Stop looking like puppies locked out of the house. The woman made it here from the Valar knows where with an orc arrow in her ribs. She will not wake up smiling, now or in a few hours, nor will she need your long faces staring at her when she does." Aragorn laughed weakly and rose to his feet. He started to reach toward the woman, ostensibly to hug her, but she grimaced and shoved the basin into his hands. "Wash. Eat. The Lady Arwen is worried about you." Haldir suppressed a smile at Aragorn's expression. Married life had many sides, even for a King, especially married to an elven princess used to having her way. Haldir allowed the smile to curve one corner of his mouth as he met Legolas's gaze. He would not fall prey to such things. The Mirkwood prince seemed to agree as he grinned back. Another basin was shoved into his hands with more clean water. Haldir looked up from the steaming bowl to find the woman glaring at him! "You think you are any different? Clean up and eat. You might be an elf but you still need to eat. It has been hours since you came in." She sniffed as he took the basin. "The girl needs some peace now, clean clothes and a real bed." She bustled around the room, picking up the few pieces of bloody cloth with a snort. Haldir washed his hands quickly, drying them on a towel she pulled from her shoulder. "Take off that tunic and I will see if we can clean it for you. Sad to see it is silk, such a fine material but difficult to clean." She plucked at the front of his chest, standing several inches below his chin as he reeled back from her touch. "I am fine; I can clean it." She snorted rudely, along with a raised brow. "You? I dare say you have not cleaned your small clothes since you were my height. "Give it to me, now. You have another on underneath. Such modesty from men, I just don't understand it." She sent him another glare, somehow making him feel like a small elfling under that unflinching gaze even though he stood over her. Legolas's chuckle was unnecessary. Haldir knew when to surrender. He bowed his head to the woman and reached up to unfasten the hooks that held the gold silk closed. She smiled, folding her arms to wait, watching him avidly. Modest was he? He grinned at her, sliding the silk over his head to drop it into her hands. Her eyes met his for a moment with another lift of her brow. "You have blood on that too." He looked down to find the black under-tunic was damp with blood as well. He sighed, with a glare to Legolas who was snickering openly now. "I have no other." She sniffed again. It was odd how women did that, so much language in such a small sound. Disappointment, disproval, irritation, all were suggested strongly with the noise. "I will bring you something to put on then. I suppose you cannot walk about with bare skin. You would have my ladies fainting dead away." She grinned suddenly, wickedly, her eyes sparkling. "Although I cannot say I would have minded so much." Haldir folded his arms over his chest stubbornly while she laughed with a wink to him as she left the room. Modesty indeed! tbc