a steep path in the foothills of Mindolluin, east of the city. It was an arduous task they had set for themselves, yet they were both enjoying it. After much labour they reached a small plateau upon which they rested. They had brought some food and water and sat down to have a light meal. They were quite high up already, yet not above the Citadel yet. Minas Tirith lay gleaming in the sun as its light reflected from the white stone; it seemed untouched and invulnerable from the distance. Aragorn felt a contentment bordering on such a delight that he would have been comfortable with staying there, but Legolas urged him on after a while. So they went further up until they came to a high field below the snows that clad the lofty peaks, and it looked down over the precipice that stood behind the City. And standing there they surveyed the lands, and they saw the towers of the City far below them like white pencils touched by the sunlight, and all the Vale of the Anduin was like a garden, and the Mountains of Shadow were veiled in golden mist. Upon the one side their sight reached to the grey Emyn Muil, and the glint of Rauros was like a star twinkling far off; and upon the other side they saw the River like a ribbon laid down to Pelargir. And as Aragorn beheld his realm, an understanding began to grow in his mind of how all things sometimes worked together. He had once chosen exile and avoided to look too far ahead; all those years, he had learned the often strange ways of life and had explored the world around him. He had travelled far, yet the winding road he had taken had eventually led him to this very day, no matter how many obstacles he had encountered and how many detours it had entailed. And he found that he was not as afraid anymore, now that he was standing up there, for his realm was not strange to him. Legolas watched his friend; Aragorn had subconsciously straightened up and stood tall and proud as he regarded the land around him. The elf smiled; it had been Gandalf´s idea to bring Aragorn there, and the wizard had as usually had a keen sense of how to encourage the Dúnadan. The man only tore his gaze away when he heard his Elven friend exclaim: "Alas! It seems that I am fortunate, for there are indeed other things than rocks to be found here!" Aragorn turned, and there was a stony slope behind him running down from the skirts of the snow; and as he looked he was aware that alone there in the waste a growing thing stood. And he climbed to it, and saw that out of the very edge of the snow there sprang a sapling tree no more than three foot high. Already it had put forth young leaves long and shapely, dark above and silver beneath, and upon its slender crown it bore one small cluster of flowers whose white petals shone like the sunlit snow. A smile spread on the Dúnadan´s face as he realized what they had found and felt his heart lifting: it was indeed a sapling descended from Nimloth, the White Tree of Númenor. The tree of his ancestors. Very gently, Aragorn touched one of the blossoms: "Le hannon, Legolas," he said aloud, and with a much softer voice added: "Thus come the days of Elessar." ~o~ o The End Mores author´s notes: Víressë is the month of April in the Númenorian calendar. Le hannon: elvish for "thank you". Ioreth: according to the book "an old wife, the eldest of the women who served in that house" (meaning one of the Houses of Healing), The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the Kind. Book six, page 860 In the book, Frodo and Sam are taken to the field of Cormallen after destroying the ring, where they meet Aragorn and the others after recovering. Furthermore, it is Gandalf who climbs up Mount Mindolluin with Aragorn and helps him find the sapling of the White Tree. Sauron was defeated on the twenty-fifth of March (The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the Kind. Book six, page 952) Quotes taken from the "Lord of the Rings" 50th anniversary edition, HarperCollins2005: "For a while: a month, a life (...)" taken from The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the Kind. Book six, page 956 "(...) they came to a high field below the snows that clad the lofty peaks, and it looked down over the precipice that stood behind the City. And standing there they surveyed the lands, (...) and they saw the towers of the City far below them like white pencils touched by the sunlight, and all the Vale of the Anduin was like a garden, and the Mountains of Shadow were veiled in golden mist. Upon the one side their sight reached to the grey Emyn Muil, and the glint of Rauros was like a star twinkling far off; and upon the other side they saw the River like a ribbon laid down to Pelargir (...)."taken from The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the Kind. Book six, page 970f. " (...) Aragorn turned, and there was a stony slope behind him running down from the skirts of the snow; and as he looked he was aware that alone there in the waste a growing thing stood. And he climbed to it, and saw that out of the very edge of the snow there sprang a sapling tree no more than three foot high. Already it had put forth young leaves long and shapely, dark above and silver beneath, and upon its slender crown it bore one small cluster of flowers whose white petals shone like the sunlit snow." taken from The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the Kind. Book six, page 971