Beneath this he wore a surcoat slit for riding that was a deep forest green brocade with a diaper pattern of stars and scallop shells. His leggings were suede dyed a dark yellow and tucked into black leather boots. The shirt that showed at the neck and wrists was of white lawn embroidered in an intricate knotwork pattern of greens and gold. When the elf pulled down his hood they could see he was wearing a wreath of ivy, holly and winterberries. Glorfindel smiled down at the Mortal. "Greetings, Estel. I see I've arrived just in time." "In time? In time for what?" Aragorn exclaimed. "He's dead, Glorfindel. I tried to save him. I thought I had saved him, but..." "Tush, child," the elf-lord said as he dismounted from his steed and went to embrace the king. "All is not lost." "Why are you here, Glorfindel?" Aragorn asked. "How did you get here in the first place? You should be in Imladris." "And so I was, but I had a... feeling that I was needed here so I left Imladris two weeks ago." "Two weeks! You covered the distance between Imladris and here in two weeks?" Aragorn stared at his friend and mentor in awe and noticed that some of the wood elves were doing the same. "Actually I made it to Minas Anor in ten days," Glorfindel corrected with a smile. "But, let us not concern ourselves with that. Legolas needs attention." Saying that, he knelt beside the still body of the elven prince, and shook his head in amazement, taking in the evidence of the cause of Legolas' death even as he examined the elven prince's body. "How is it that a wood elf allows himself to be skewered on a tree branch?" "I'm sure Legolas didn't set out to do it on purpose," Aragorn muttered in frustration. Glorfindel gave the Mortal a brilliant smile and then reached into an inner pocket of his robe and pulled out a mithril bound leather flask, handing it to Aragorn. "When I tell you, give this to Legolas to drink." "But..." Glorfindel shook his head, then laid his hands on the open wound, closing his eyes. Quietly he began to Sing and the hairs on Aragorn's head rose in shock at the Power behind the Song. All went still as the elf-lord continued Singing. Then, as Aragorn watched, it seemed to him that Others were there. There was nothing to see, but he felt Them and they seemed to be lending their own Power to the elf-lord kneeling beside him. The Song continued to grow and then Aragorn gasped as he saw the gaping wound begin to close of itself. As Glorfindel's Song came to a final triumphant note, they saw Legolas' body arch and then he started breathing again, though he did not regain consciousness. "Now, Estel," Glorfindel commanded. Aragorn belatedly remembered the flask in his hands and swiftly unstopping it, raised Legolas' head as he pressed the flask to his blue lips and had the pleasure of seeing the still unconscious elf swallow. "All of it," Glorfindel said and Aragorn continued to administer the drink to his friend until the flask was empty. As he laid Legolas back down, the wounded elf's eyes fluttered open. He seemed to focus on Aragorn and Glorfindel, recognized them and smiled before falling back to sleep. Only then did Aragorn sense the Others fading, though not before feeling the brush of a hand on his brow in benediction. Glorfindel began to remove his scarlet robe. "Let's get him wrapped in this," he said. "Nice coat, by the way," Aragorn said as he helped Glorfindel bundle Legolas into it. Glorfindel gave him a knowing smile. "Arwen seemed to have had her own prescient moment, for she pushed this on me just as I was about to leave Minas Anor, saying it would come in handy." He gave a merry laugh. "I think it's meant to be your Yule gift." Aragorn gave the elf-lord a shocked look, then grinned at the thought. Soon he was laughing as well. Faramir approached just then to report that the survivors among the Khandian army had surrendered. "None of our people were seriously hurt," Faramir concluded, glancing down at the still sleeping elf. "At least almost none," he amended. Glorfindel and Aragorn nodded. Then the Dúnadan gave Glorfindel a deep bow of gratitude. "Thank you, mellon nîn. Thank you for Legolas' life." "The pleasure was all mine, Estel," Glorfindel smiled warmly, holding Aragorn's face between his hands and kissing him on the brow. "So what's with the wreath?" Aragorn then asked, giving the elf a questioning look. "Why, Estel, it's Yule!" Glorfindel exclaimed laughingly. "Should I not wear something festive for the occasion?" Then before anyone could reply to that, the Reborn elf-lord began singing a joyous hymn to Elbereth. Soon all the elves and the Gondorians joined in and everyone was glad. 0-0-0-0 Everyone, that is, save the Khandians. Edainion: (Sindarin) Scion of the Edain. Isildurchil: (Sindarin) Isildur's Heir. Máhanaxar: (Quenya) Ring of Doom. Mellon nîn: (Sindarin) My friend. A Note on the Game Played by Aragorn and Námo: The game itself is taken from the famous 1851 game in London between Adolf Anderssen and Lionel Kieseritzky, appropriately (for this story) known as the 'Immortal Game' and can be 'played' online at www.chess. . Below is the actual game in its entirety. Readers unfamiliar with chess notation should consult any appropriate online website. An interesting annotated commentary of the Anderssen-Kieseritzky match can be found at . Click on "Instructions/Annotated Games". 1. e4 e5 2. f4 exf4 3. Bc4 Qh4+ 4. Kf1 b5 5. Bxb5 Nf6 6.Nf3 Qh6 7. d3 Nh5 8. Nh4 Qg5 9. Nf5 c6 10. g4 Nf6 11. Rg1 cxb5 12. h4 Qg6 13. h5 Qg5 14. Qfe Ng8 15. Bxf4 Qf6 16. Nc3 Bc5 17. Nd5 Qxb2 18. Bd6 Qxa1+ 19. Ke2 Bxg1 20. e5 Na6 21. Nxg7+ kd8. 22. Qf6+ Nxf6 23. Be7+ 1-0