his superior. "Is she then, for you, Haldir?" The elf spoke lazily yet his posture remained that of a panther, poised to react to whatever confronted him. "She has only saved my life, Orophin. You should be thankful I am as I am, for it is only because of them that I am here." Haldir's words made her brother's smile, Walter brushed a hand over his brow. Orophin. This was his brother then. She met the blue gaze curiously. Was this how Haldir was normally? Without expression, reserved in the face of a brother thought dead? But as Haldir had changed in a moment to something else, so did this elf. All sense of rigidity flowed from him as he relazed, color came into face as he let go of the strap across his chest and held out a hand. "Glad I am to see you alive, Haldir." The words were whispered, the pain and grief underlying the joy they expressed. Haldir reached out and jerked the elf toward him, enclosing his arms around Orophin in a hug only brothers can share. Orophin stood with his eyes closed and then sighed and stepped back. A wave brought a wave of faint smiles from the other three and then they relaxed to surround Haldir with questions. Orophin stepped away and then turned to her. He smiled and then without warning, caught her into his arms to kiss her soundly. Haldir leaned against the stone rail, arms folded over his chest as Orophin settled beside him. Rumil was inside, beyond the closed door. "He is well?" "Gaining," Orophin said. "His despair that you were lost nearly took him from us. He felt it his fault you went overboard as you did. He thinks he could have stopped you." Haldir shook his head knowing it had all happened too fast. "His leg?" "Healed yet he remains in bed, pretending to be ill to bring the women about." Haldir smiled in amusement. "Never changes, does he." "Nor do you," Orophin replied. He rubbed his chin, bruised after Haldir had tossed him aside after kissing the girl. She was not amused by either of them. Haldir had only watched her stomp away with a sigh. "Prickly, that one," Orophin noted, clearly following Haldir's thoughts. "The elves here do not trust them, they have stirred up much trouble among the men." "They have felt forgotten," Haldir explained. He pushed to his feet to stare at the door. "I thought it all lost, Orophin. My grief was such that I wanted only to die. She did not allow me that option." Orophin pressed a hand to Haldir's shoulder. "She is a treasure." "Indeed, one I intend to keep hidden from Rumil. HE will not be kissing her either." Orophin only smiled. Rumil would do what he would do. Once beyond the confines of illness and lust, he would focus again on Haldir, and knowing his brother, Orophin knew Rumil's curiousity would be hard pressed to see the woman who had kept Haldir alive. Not an easy task once the elf's mind had settled on it. Haldir opened the door quietly, stepping past the portal with a stealth born of long habit. Rumil was distracted only for a moment by the woman leaning over him, his gaze passing over Haldir and then back with eyes that grew wide. "For the love of the Valar, Haldir!" They confined the elf to his bed just before Rumil lost his strength, collapsing against Haldir with a cry of relief. It was a long moment before any of them spoke, the woman leaving them with a watery smile. "I could not go on," Rumil whispered. "Nor I," Haldir admitted quietly. Orophin nodded his agreement. "We cannot be parted. I have told you this, Haldir. If one stays then we all stay." "But we were all leaving," Rumil said, looking from one to the other. " Were being the sticking point," Orophin explained. He looked at Haldir intently. "The forest fades even now." "Our magic fades," Haldir agreed. He looked out the window for a moment. He turned to Rumil and smiled. "A long journey perhaps." "And no women," Orophin declared with a stern face. Rumil looked crestfallen. "Not even one?" "We have no wardens to return to," Haldir reminded them. "Not true," Orophin said. He rose to his feet to move to the window. He opened the shutters wide. "We seem to have a growing menagerie outside." Rumil frowned, shifting to a more comfortable position. "I am healed enough to travel." "Are not," Orophin complained. "Not yet," Haldir agreed. "The menagerie?" He looked at Orophin. "I count elves, several Lorien, one I swear looks like Thranduil, a few Imladris elves." Orophin smiled in amusement as Haldir lifted a brow. "And a few human men among them, as well as a couple of dwarves," The three elves wrinkled their noses for a moment. "A menagerie waiting on orders from the March Warden of Lothlorien," Orophin declared firmly. "But no women, elf or otherwise?" Rumil sighed. "One of those dwarves could be a woman," Orophin replied, peering out the window. "I can never tell." Haldir shook his head in amusement. "Oh, wait…" Orophn held up his hand and then glanced over his shoulder. Rumil perked up with a smile. "But she's off limits," Orophin continued. "She's for Haldir." Rumil glanced at his brother, while Haldir sat back, failing at control the pleasure in his expression. "Haldir, you've been plundering?" A hand on Rumil's neck brought him face to face with the March Warden. "She has not nor will be plundered, in any way, thought or form." Rumil only grinned. "Not by me at least." Orophin chuckled and closed the window. "Nor by me. Haldir will find his challenge met with strong reservations. Just the thing to motivate us all back to Lorien." "Where there are still orcs to be had," Rumil added. "Where the forest still calls us home," Haldir agreed with a smile.