will do it. For a the briefest of seconds a smile flits across his face. It is fleeting, so very nearly not there at all but in those few seconds I glimpse it he is transformed. His light spills out to warm me. "I want to ride with you on the Pelennor, the wind in our hair as we evade your guards; I want to run across the fields of Rohan, evil snapping at our heels as we search for our friends. You, Gimli and I, the Three Hunters. I want that, Aragorn ." "Ah, Legolas," I place my hand softly on his shoulder with sad regret for I yearn for those days, those memories, as much as he. "I cannot give you that. I am that man no longer. I have become too old for Orc-chasing." "And I am still the same," he says sadly. And there is our problem. He will not come with me into the warmth of my family who love him, but neither can I leave him here all alone. "I will send Gimli," I say, " if you insist on staying here. I will tell him you did not mean whatever it was you said to make him leave you, for I know you did not." I know too that Gimli would only have left him here because he thought, at the time, it was better for Legolas. He will be back soon enough in any case, whether I call him or not. He will not stray far from Legolas tonight. "Yes," he says softly, "I did not mean it. My mouth ran away from me . . . As it does . . ." Oh, it does. Our friendship has not always been easy. There are many times we have misunderstood one another but still we endure. Still there has been the jewel that is our bond at the centre of our storms which drives us to strive harder, to keep trying to overcome whatever it is that divides us. "Legolas—" I need to tell him. Tomorrow I will be leaving him forever and so perhaps this will be our last time alone. Tomorrow will be all with ritual and pageantry, and there may be no chance for quiet conversation, and then I will be gone . . . I need to let him know how important he has been, although I know he knows it, I still have to say it. But how? What words do you use to sum up a friendship such as ours? They are all of them lacking, "Legolas—" And I have hardly begun at all when I stumble to a halt. I have kept my grief at his loss buried deep. I have had to. For while I am sure this is the right decision, right for him and right for me . . . While I am certain in my heart it is time for me to go, if I bought that grief out into the light I would not succeed—I am about to lose him for eternity. After tomorrow, there is no more Legolas for me. And as I gaze down upon him where he still sits, shoulders slumped in misery—as I search my mind for words worthy enough to describe the love I hold for him—that grief reaches up from its hiding place and strangles me. Suddenly I am awash with it—I drown in it—and my face is wet with tears. "Legolas, I want to say—" I try again, but I cannot finish. In this, my most important goodbye, I am unable to go on . . . And he reaches out for me, in the midst of his own distress he comforts me, just as he has always done. My right hand man, my greatest supporter. "I know, Aragorn," he says, and he touches my calloused hand with his own slender youthful one. "I know what it is you want to say. You do not have to say it. I know it in my heart." In silence we gaze at each other. I memorise his face, every look, every feature, and lock it away to carry with me wherever I may go. I will hold his beauty and light next to my heart always and I wonder if he does the same? Tomorrow, Legolas will be still and calm. He will lock this grief away behind his mask, he will stand beside my son, my wife, my family and keep them upright. He will play his part, and no one watching him will know; no-one will see the pain there is written upon his face in this moment. It is for me alone to truly know. "Tomorrow then," I place a hand upon his shoulder before I go, as I have done so many times before, as if this is a goodnight like any other, but it is not . . . This one is the very last. "Tomorrow, Aragorn," he replies, his beautiful voice breaking like the shattering of glass as he says it, for he knows it too. Tomorrow is all that is left to us. I miss him already. I miss him with all my heart, but I have been missing him for years now. Not the Legolas who sits before me, tired, weary and exhausted from years of resisting the call of the sea. Oh no, it is the bright, mischievious Legolas I miss. The Legolas who ran ahead of us across the snow as if he had not a care in the world, laughing at us as he went; the Legolas who arrived in Imladris all those years ago, wide-eyed, young and naive. . . That flighty, volatile, mercurial Legolas with his sense of fun. I lost that Legolas years ago. And so now I let my friend go. I give him room to leave and find that old Legolas again, somewhere over the sea. I give him the greatest gift I have to give. I walk away.