accept his dread of dark caves and rats. Legolas wished he could tell Elrohir to wait here—that he would go forward alone though the rat-infested tunnel and find Elladan, but he knew he could never get his friend to stay behind. He understood the reason behind Elrohir's deep hatred of rats, but also knew that even their presence could never stop him from going after his twin—to even suggest it would be an insult. Looking solemnly at Elrohir, he finally said, "We should continue…but would you allow me to take the lead? There is no need for you to go first," he offered, hoping at least that Elrohir could be spared any more unwanted surprises. But true to his nature, Elrohir wasn't about to agree. Rats or no rats, it was his place to go for Elladan. He shook his head and reached over with an unsteady hand to take Estel's torch, still too shaken to notice his brother's expression. "Thank you, Legolas," whispered Elrohir, "but no. You wait here and I will scout ahead." He concluded in a voice still full of disgust for himself, "In fact, I should hurry. If there is anyone through that tunnel other than Elladan, they are surely aware of us now so I must move fast." He walked purposely back to the entrance of the tunnel and then stood there for a moment, desperately trying to maintain an air of calm as he listened to the sounds of little skittering feet ahead in the narrow passageway. He closed his eyes as he tried to gather the strength to once again face his nightmare. He conjured up an image of his twin's face, knowing that Elladan was on the other side of the rats. If he could stay focused on that image, he knew he could do it. The too-tense elf jerked in surprise and his eyes flew open when he suddenly heard a voice from over his shoulder, "Elrohir, we are coming with you. As you say, there is no chance of surprise now, so there is no need for us to wait." Elrohir turned to argue with Legolas—they could all be walking into a trap—but when he saw the other's determined face, he paused. He had known the blond prince since they had been elflings and he recognized Legolas' stubborn expression—it was highly unlikely that he would be able to change his mind and arguing would only delay finding Elladan, so with a resigned sigh, he nodded his acceptance and turned back to the tunnel entrance. Now he just had to make it past the rats. ………………. The first step was the hardest, but after he started, Elrohir moved without hesitation. As he carefully made his way into the narrow passage, he admitted to himself that he was comforted by the sounds of his companions behind him even though he knew that it would have been a better strategy for them to wait. He was determined that this time he would not react outwardly to presence of the rats, but it was still good to know that whatever happened he wouldn't face it alone. Perhaps it was the added comfort knowing Legolas and Estel were right behind him, but when Elrohir came across the first rats, he didn't even pause. The rats he had disturbed earlier were still filling up the narrow passage, blocking the way in several places so with a tightening of his jaw, he nudged them aside with his boot, forcing aside the revulsion he felt at the thought of touching them. He also made himself ignore the involuntary fear that made his stomach churn as he made his way further down the tunnel and once again smelled the nest. It had been many centuries since he'd last faced this particular nightmare and it angered him to know that these small animals still could have such an effect on him. Showing no sign of his inner turmoil, Elrohir strode forward with purpose. Aye, he thought grimly as he brushed past more of the rats, Elladan will really owe me this time. As Elrohir fought against his inner demons and Legolas followed his friend closely, ready to act if the need arose, Estel brought up the rear, lost in his own, grim thoughts. If he hadn't seen it with his own eyes, he would never have believed what had just happened. He had grown up listening to stories of the twins' adventures and had conjured up a mental image of his brothers as the ultimate warriors—strong and courageous, able to face the most terrifying foes. But that image had been shattered in the short moments when he'd heard Elrohir rush out of the tunnel and then seen him shivering in Legolas' arms. He didn't even consider the fact that Elrohir was now wading through those same creatures that had such a devastating effect on the elf. All he could see was that his hero had turned out to be afraid of some silly little rodents. His disappointment turned to anger as he followed the two elves through the dimly lit passage. How dare Elrohir pretend to be a brave warrior when he was scared of some stupid little rats? He scowled as he stalked behind the others, his lip curling in disgust as he readjusted his opinion of his brother—the coward! ………………. A/N: Hi all…after a rather lengthy absence, I'm back and have a new story to share. It's one I mentioned before that I'd like to write—the backstory to how Estel learns a lesson in courage from his elven brother (mentioned in my previous story, "Lost.") I had hoped to write the whole story while I was gone, but didn't really have time—sigh. SO, the updates won't come as quickly as I'd hoped...sorry. Well, I've really missed hearing from you (except Lalaith, who continued to write even though I wasn't posting—thanks so much—you're a dear!) and I'm so glad to be back. I hope you enjoy the story. FirstMate