morning bright!" Legolas looked at his friends, who were swaying to and fro as well, in astonishment: if anyone had asked him, he would have said that he did not think Aragorn even knew any such songs, since he simply seemed not the kind of person who would take delight in them. The elf could not imagine him to participate in any kind of jollity which required the knowledge of a drinking song, much less a song like the one they were now beginning to sing. Legolas subdued a grin: the second bottle of wine was nearly empty, which only had the effect that the songs were becoming increasingly raucous. As the night wore on, the elf heard words from his friends which he never even had heard before, cumulating in an elaborated curse from Halbarad when the second bottle was empty as well. The Ranger unsteadily got to feet: "`Tis jus´ no use", he announced, tipping the bottle over to prove his point, "`tis empty!" Aragorn tugged at the sleeve of Halbarad´s shirt, causing the man to losing his balance enough to nearly topple over and landing hard on the ground again, which only made both of them laugh. Legolas now got to his feet as well: "I am going to have a look around" he said, "I will be back quickly." He was not actually worried, but with the noise the two men provided he deemed it better to check on their surroundings; he did not wish to be surprised by anyone or anything they might have attracted with their merriment. The two Rangers only beamed up at him. Smiling, Legolas left. - When he returned some twenty minutes later, reassured that they seemed to be alone in the area, his companions had just decided to go swimming and were about to set off towards the river. Legolas had his doubts as to wether this was such a good idea, since neither of them even seemed able to walk in a straight line; he did not say anything though but simply accompanied them to the shore. Halbarad laid his arm around the elf: "Will you come in´s well?", he asked, if slightly slurred. "´Tis a night for celebratin´ and for swimmin´, you should come in´s well!" Legolas laughed: "I think I will be content to watch the two of you", he replied lightly. Sighing, Halbarad let go of him and turned to follow Aragorn, who had stripped down to his underpants and was already halfway in the water: " ´s jus´s well", he mumbled, swaying precariously. "Someone´s gotta..." Halbarad did not get to finish his sentence as he stumbled and lost his balance, flailing his arms dramatically but to no avail: with a loud splash he fell into the water. Legolas could hear Aragorn giggle like a little boy, thoroughly enjoying the situation; he was meanwhile submerged to his shoulders and did not hide his glee as Halbarad now bobbed up again, snorting ungracefully. As soon as the older Ranger had regained his footing, he lunged at his cousin in order to duck him underwater, and it did not take long until they were engaged in a battle which in its vigour did resemble the one Aragorn and Legolas had fought earlier on. In the end they crawled back to the shore, exhausted and still laughing helplessly. Eventually, both of them calmed down and just lay on the grass. Legolas had gone to kindle the fire; when he came back, Halbarad was just scrambling to his feet. The air was quite cool on his wet skin now, and the warm fire looked surprisingly inviting, despite the mild summer´s night. Legolas squatted down next to Aragorn: "Are you coming, too?", he asked. Aragorn sighed: "No... ´s quite nice here", he murmured, feeling tired all of a sudden. "Jus´ leave me here." The elf shook his head: "I do not deem that a very good idea", he replied, hiding a smile. "You will become cold, wet as you are, and it might be a rather uncomfortable awakening in the morning." Aragorn chuckled: "Should´ve known you´d say so...", he said, softly. Then he propped himself up on his elbows with a small groan: "Damn that wine... I can already feel it in my head." Legolas could not but laugh at the suffering expression the man now wore: "And you will certainly feel it tomorrow, dear friend." He extended one hand invitingly; when Aragorn took it, the elf rose to his feet and pulled the Ranger with him, ignoring his mumbled protests. They died down as soon as they had reached the fire anyway, since Aragorn had to admit that it was a tad more comfortable sitting next to it and slowly feeling himself drying than lying on the grass half-naked. Halbarad had wrapped his cloak around himself, and his cousin followed his example; tired from the wine and their water fight, they contentedly if sleepily gazed into the flames. Legolas settled down between them again, keeping the fire steady; as neither of the Rangers seemed inclined to continue their singing, the elf started to hum softly. It was an old lay about the stars´ journey over the sky and by no means resembled the drinking songs which had resounded through the clearing earlier, but it filled their hearts with happiness. - Long after Halbarad and Aragorn had fallen asleep, Legolas was still watching the fire, enjoying the beautiful night and rejoicing in the afterglow of a merry evening among friends. -- The End -- A happy note: The story was originally written for the Teitho Challenge of March 2009 ("Eat, Drink and Be Merry") and won third place. It is the first time I´ve ever won and I´m inwardly jumping up and down while writing this! Thanks to all who have voted for it, and congratulations to the other winners! Last but not least : thank you, Starlight, for your much appreciated and helpful advice! You´re a great friend! ;D --