our task down the long ages, as the seasons have changed, the leaves have fallen, winter has come and gone again, flowers have bloomed and so on and on down the generations the burden has been passed on too. Think you Frodo that it has been mere luck that the Shire has been standing safe and secure for so many years? That the world is so safe that no evil has dared assault it? No, it is not so. The Shire, Bree and many other small human settlements scattered around middle-earth are but small refuges of light and happiness in this dark world, surrounded from all sides by a sea of evil. An evil that they are not even aware of, for between them and complete destruction lies the thin, but yet strong, wall of the rangers. When dark things come from the houseless hills, or creep from sunless woods, they fly from us. What roads would any dare to tread, what safety would there be in quiet lands, or in the homes of simple folk at night, if the rangers were all dead? If the North has known peace all these years, it is because of the never-ending efforts of the rangers. Our days have darkened, and our numbers have dwindled down the years, and the wall has grown thinner, but ever still we dedicate our lives to our long task, and as long as there is one ranger left that still draws breath, he will fight for the simple folk against all the evils of the land." Strider finished his speech, and Frodo sat silent, trying to take in all he had heard. He had never given much thought to the peace and safety of the Shire, taking it for granted that the Shire was safe. But now he instinctively believed Strider, that this was due only to the rangers. "But Strider," he questioned, "Why do you not let the people, I mean, us, know what you are doing. Why do you let them think that you are just common thieves?" "Would you have believed me? I told you truly who I was, that I was here to help you, but did you believe to be anything more then a scoundrel?" Strider smiled gently at Frodo's sudden discomfiture. "People only look at the surface Frodo, it is easy for them to believe what they do, for that is all they see of us." "But that is not fair!" Frodo burst out. "You are risking your very lives to help them, getting such grievous hurts like that one for their sakes and all they do is call you names and talk about you behind your backs! How can you stand it?" Frodo looked up at Strider to see a quick flicker of emotion, something resembling sorrow and loneliness, flicker past his face. He stared for long into the fire, and when he replied, it was quietly, as if thinking about every word he said. "I used to think the same way Frodo. I used to get so annoyed by the ignorance of the people. The way the folk of Bree treat me is one of the kindest, there are towns where rangers are not given admittance at all, no matter how dire their needs. But I have grown now, and grown to accept it, and now I would not have it otherwise. For if simple folk are free from care and fear, simple they must be, and we must be secret to keep them so. Even if they would believe us, telling them about who we are will and about the darkness of the world outside, will be like stealing away the very simplicity, innocence and happiness that we seek to protect. Our task is not to gain the trust and popularity of the people, but to protect them, and as much as my heart longs for acceptance and trust on my long lonely journeys, this is the way it must be." Strider fell silent then, and Frodo looked him with new eyes. He did not now see just a ragged traveller, with his mud-stained cloak and dirt-encrusted boots, he saw a man, older than he looked, hardened by many long journeys, by a difficult life in the wild, but yet going on uncomplaining. He looked at the high-set cheekbones and the firm bearing of his shoulders and saw a man accustomed to carrying heavy burdens, accustomed to bearing misfortunes and danger with never-failing courage and hope. But it was in his eyes that Frodo saw the most. In those deep sparkling pools of green, Frodo saw a nobility and honour that he had never even imagined before, a majesty that was yet veiled but once having come to full light would be brighter than any before. He saw a bright and terrible power concealed there, like what he had seen in the few elves he had met, a power that would forever change middle-earth. He saw a hidden strength that was belied by a compassionate heart, and deepest of all he saw the eternal well of love that defined and gave meaning to his whole life. And later on as he fell asleep, once again leaving Strider alone to the quiet of the night Frodo saw an image, or perhaps a dream of a great king of old, standing at the bow of a ship, his hood cast back, his dark hair blowing in the wind, a light in his eyes; a king returning from exile into his own land - and in that moment he was at peace. So, what do you think? Is it good? Please do review, and be kind, it is my first attempt at writing fanfiction. Oh and, some parts of the speeches were adapted from the books, mainly from the Council of Elrond chapter, when Aragorn talks about the duty of rangers, which was the main passage that inspired me to write this. No copyright infringement is intended. Thanks for reading! fire-forged