let out a splutter of laughter, he could not help himself. "What are you doing?! Do you realise how ridiculous you look?" "Thanks very much." Legolas stood, hands on his hips and Aragorn could only laugh. "And now that you have finished laughing at me can you give me back my trousers." Legolas sounded most affronted. "Anyway you are not exactly suitably dressed yourself. Why are you still wearing your nightgown?" That stopped his laughter short. "You know why that is. Give me back my trousers." "Are you mad? I don't have your trousers." Legolas cried, "If I did do you think I would be wearing THIS?" He had a point there. "Why ARE you wearing that?" Aragorn found himself smiling everytime he looked at him. "Because Gimli was supposed to rescue my trousers from your clutches and he hasn't returned. I have come to get them back myself. You don't think I am going to stroll through your corridors in my underwear?" "Perhaps..." Aragorn spluttered, "Perhaps your underwear would be preferable to a dress." "It is a robe, if you don't mind." Legolas was quick to reply. "And I found it at the back of my wardrobe. One of your previous visitors must have neglected to take it with them. It is certainly not mine!" "Gimli was here." Aragorn tried to change the subject but the dress was very hard to ignore. "Has he not bought you my note?" "I have seen no note from you. What was it? A ransom demand? Really Aragorn, if you wanted to call off the race you only had to ask. I knew you would regret it in the morning." "I did not... Well, perhaps I did think better of it but that is not the point. The point is...I do not have your trousers and you...as you so clearly point out, obviously do not have mine. So who does have them?" Legolas frowned, his face an image of intense concentration. "Gimli!" He cried in excitement. "Gimli has them!" "Why would-" "He is the only one to know of the race. He has been going between us amusing himself at our discomfort...where is he now I ask you?!" Legolas flung his arms wide. "Perhaps..." Aragorn was unconvinced. "Who else can it be? They are very sneaky, dwarves, you know. We must plan our revenge Aragorn." "You know Legolas," he sighed, "I would settle for just getting our trousers back." The last thing he wanted to do was entwine himself in the middle of a war between Legolas and Gimli. "Though I must say, that dress really suits the colour of your eyes." He managed to duck in time to avoid the book thrown across the room aimed disconcertingly close to his head. You would almost think Leoglas was upset. ... "These two will be the death of me." Gimli sighed. He still don't worked out how to get himself out of this situation. He couldn't go back to Legolas but he didn't want to go anywhere near Aragorn either. "Gimli, you sound troubled, what bothers you?" It was the sweet voice of Arwen that called to him from where she sat under the oak tree. "Come and sit with me." she beckoned. "I am wondering how the Lord of the Glittering Caves has ended up an errand boy." He said glumly. "And who are you an errand boy for may I ask? And why does it cause you so much unhappiness?" Arwen was so kind, she always soothed his ruffled feathers. "Legolas and Aragorn seem to have lost their trousers." Arwen looked at him in surprise, then a look of pure amusement drifted across her face. "They have what?" "They have me running between them trying to get trousers back that don't exist, neither of them will listen. The only good to come of this is the end of that dratted race." "Ah, the race," Arwen said sagely, "Well it is a relief Estel won't be embarrassing himself on the Pelennor today." "You did not think he would win then?" Gimli gave her a hard look. "Of course he would not win," she laughed. "Legolas is twice the speed of him when he tries...he is an elf! I blame my brothers of course." "Your brothers are not here." Sometimes, Gimli found, Arwen spoke in riddles as badly as Legolas did. "If they had only let Estel win once...just one thing when he was growing up he wouldn't have this overwhelming need to prove himself the better." she explained. "It is always the same, Legolas comes to visit, they have a drink and Estel ends up agreeing to the most ludicrous competitions he simply cannot win." "Well I am supposed to deliver this note to Legolas" he handed it too her, perhaps she could suggest a way out of this. He watched as she read over it casually then looked up in alarm. "You cannot give him this! It will start a war between Ithilien and Gondor!" "Aragorn was slightly upset when he wrote it. I have no intention of delivering it." He said, "What I cannot figure out is who has taken their trousers in the first place." "Come on Gimli," Arwen smiled sweetly, "Who has enough stealth to enter Legolas's room while he was sleeping." "That's what I can't get my head around." he complained. "The lad can sense a mouse even if he is asleep. If it was not Aragorn...then who else? It could only be another elf-" He stopped abruptly and looked up at her in surprise receiving the most innocent ladylike smile in return. Butter wouldn't melt in her mouth he thought. "Oh well," Arwen placed Aragorns note aside and picked up her needlework. "Such a shame, I guess they will have to race another day." And Gimli continued to gaze at her in amazement. 'I was right all along, never trust an elf,' He murmured to himself. 'And that obviously goes for the whole entire lot of them."