in his long life. At least this time, he would lose the elves to peace and eternal bliss, and not to the uncertainty of Mandos' Halls. "We leave now," Haldir commanded, clucking his tongue to encourage his horse to move forward. The small party gradually left the clearing, Lindir's view of Loswan blocked by the soldiers who surrounded the dark-haired elf. "Are you going to cry now?" Rúmil asked, having laboriously made his way to Lindir's side. "No," Lindir scowled, but his expression lightened when he realized Rúmil was joking with him. "I actually feel rather good right now." "I'm glad to hear it," Glorfindel spoke once he reached Lindir's side. He wrapped one arm around Lindir's shoulders and the minstrel leaned into him happily. "I hope he finds peace in the West." "It is a peaceful place," Glorfindel assured him. "Then how come you were so eager to leave?" Rúmil questioned. "I wasn't," the balrog-slayer huffed. "I am being punished for some unknown offense by being forced to deal with Elrond and his brats for eternity. Fortunately, I have someone to keep me sane." He squeezed Lindir's shoulders and the minstrel beamed. "Did you just call my precious grandsons 'brats'," Lady Galadriel questioned, her knowing blue eyes sparkling with mischief. "Only in the most adoring manner," Glorfindel answered suavely. "Be sure that you keep it that way." She reached out for her husband's hand, drawing Celeborn into the small group. "Dinner will be served within the hour. We hope you will join us." "Of course, my lady," Glorfindel accepted the invitation. Once they had parted, Glorfindel led Lindir back to their borrowed talan so they could prepare for their own journey home, while Orophin dragged Rúmil back to the healers. The journey back to Imladris was an uneventful as the one away from the valley. It was late and many of the elves had already retired for the day, leaving the valley calm and quiet. Lindir drew in a deep breath. He was home, and he never planned on leaving again, until the day he sailed to Valinor with Glorfindel. "Happy?" Glorfindel questioned. "I am," Lindir replied. "Thank you again for going with me." "Of course, child." The peacefulness of the valley was shattered as voices rent through the air, heralding the return of the commander of the guard and the minstrel. Glorfindel and Lindir exchanged knowing looks. "You're back!" Elladan exclaimed, bounding up to Glorfindel's side. "Did you see any orcs?" "Thousands," Glorfindel laughed, dismounting from his horse and catching the half-elf in a one-armed hug. "Where is your father?" "He's coming," Elrohir answered for his brother. "Did you see Grandmother and Grandfather?" "No, we managed to stay an entire week and a half in the Golden Wood without them noticing us," Glorfindel answered. Elrohir scowled at him. "That's not what he meant," Elladan sighed, eyeing the saddle-bags on either horse curiously. "Did they send us anything?" "What are you, elflings?" Lindir grinned, dismounting as well and retrieving two small parcels from his leather bags. "No," Elrohir replied, reaching for one of the parcels. Lindir hid them behind his back. Knowing a challenge when he saw one, Elrohir grinned and advanced. "I don't think so," Glorfindel interceded, catching Elrohir by the collar of his tunic. "Lindir, stop teasing them and give them their presents so they can stop acting like children." "We're not children," Elladan insisted, maneuvering around the balrog-slayer and his captive brother. Before Lindir could comprehend what was happening, the older twin had relieved him of his burden. The minstrel shook his head. He still had trouble believing that Elrond's sons were adults. "Oh, this isn't exciting," Elrohir complained, holding up the jeweled pin so the moonlight could dance across its surface. It was a beautiful piece but the twins had been expecting something more exciting, like weapons. "Hush you," Glorfindel chided. "It's jewelry," Elladan deadpanned. "You two are horrible. Where is your father?" "Right here," Elrond spoke as he crossed the cobbled surface of the courtyard. Celebrían walked beside him and Erestor was a few paces behind. "Welcome home." "Look Nana," Elrohir sighed, handing his mother the pin. "That's beautiful, sweetheart," Celebrían replied. "Was it a gift from your grandparents?" "Yes." "And what would you do if you had been given another dagger? You can't possibly use every single one you own already." "That's not the point, Nana," Elladan argued. "It's jewelry." "I think it's beautiful jewelry," Celebrían countered. "Well, you're a girl ," Elladan pointed out. Celebrían laughed, the sound lifting the hearts of all who could hear her. Glorfindel decided that perhaps it wasn't all Elrond's fault that his boys were such terrors. Their mother let them get away with close to murder sometimes. The twins were distracted as Celebrían dared to press a kiss to her older son's cheek and Elrond was bringing Glorfindel up to date on the state of Imladris. Erestor approached Lindir, who was watching the scene before him with a contented smile. "I take it that all went well?" the advisor asked, placing his hand on Lindir's shoulder. "It did," Lindir replied. "I'm very glad to be home." "Good," Erestor smiled. "Glorfindelion. It sounds like a weed." "It's a flower," Lindir insisted. "A flowering weed," Erestor amended. Lindir couldn't argue with that and simply laughed. "A note for you," the messenger said shortly, holding out the folded parchment to the dark-haired elf. As soon as the paper was taken from him, the messenger turned and darted away, his sack bursting with more notes to be delivered. Loswan eyed the note suspiciously. He had only been in Valinor for few days and was barely settled into his small home. He definitely hadn't made any friends with the neighbors yet, nor did he truly intend to. After a long minute, he broke the seal and flipped open the note. Only three words were scrawled carefully across the page in black ink. Welcome home. Ancalë He smiled. THE END -Please review!