worry for his lover as the blonde elf tried to push away the menacing words. His heart cried out for the beautiful creature. Legolas...meleth... "Never before has anyone muttered that tongue here, in Imladris," Elrond stated firmly glaring at Gandalf who held no regret in his words. "I do not ask your pardon, master Elrond, for the black speech of Mordor shall be heard around every corner of the West! The ring is all together evil!" Boromier, son of Gonder, shook his head and stood up again with another speech, "It is a gift...a gift from the fellows of Mordor." Both Aragorn and Mithrandir gave the representative hard looks as he continued, "Long has my father, the steward of Gondor, keep the orcs of Mordor at veil. With the blood of our people are your lands kept safe!" The entire council was giving wearied expressions to each other, but the elfs seemed the most calm. They tensed up when Boromier said to give the ring to Gondor, to use it against Sauron. "You cannot wield it!" Aragorn said fiercely, "None of us can." Legolas gazed over his lover and saw the nervousness creep over his face, but then it was covered up with sudden determination. "The one ring answers to Sauron alone. It has no other master!" "And what would a ranger know of this matter?" Boromier countered causing Aragorn to fault. Legolas quickly stood and defended his love proudly, "This is no mere ranger–" Boromier turned to the blonde elf, "He is Aragorn, son of Arathorn. You owe him your allegiance." Boromier quickly faced the sitting human and gasped, "A-Aragorn? This is Isildur's heir?" "An heir to the throne of Gondor," Legolas finished firmly. Aragorn shook his head hesitantly, and raised his hand in front of him, "Havo dad, Legolas." Nerved by the way the son of Gondor was treating his love, he obeyed Aragorn and sat back down upon his chair. Boromier decided to add to his unsettling nerves, "Gondor has no king...Gondor needs no king." With that, he glared at Aragorn and walked back to his chair. After that bundle of statements, Elrond explained the situation that has befallen Middle-Earth and it was decided that Frodo Baggins, the hobbit that sat next to Gandalf, was to take the one ring and journey with eight others to the depths of Mordor where it shall be destroyed. After Gandalf volunteered to be the guide, Aragorn swore that he would protect the halfing until death befell him. Hearing that, Legolas was at his side. He couldn't let his lover go on this journey alone. What bothered the elf more was that the dwarf and even Boromier joined their fellowship, along with three other halfings, Sam, Merry, and Pippin. Legolas had to admit that Pippin was the one he was going to remember. The hobbit was just so clueless it was funny. After the council was adjourned, Frodo was the first one to disappear. Gandalf explained to the three other halfings that he probably wanted a word with Bilbo which they immediately understood. Gimli, and his dwarven companions left the main hall where a small feast was being held for the coming of all the different races and decided to eat. Aragorn though was not hungry. Too many thoughts dwelled on his mind. "Aragorn, does something trouble you?" asked Gandalf seeing the deep struggles in his eyes. Aragorn shook his head and merely smiled at the wizard, "Nothing that would keep me from journeying with this fellowship. Last night, this dream came to me and I've been dwelling on it for the whole day now." Gandalf studied the man's face, "A dream like that should not go unsaid. You should talk with someone if it keeps ailing you. Of course, I am always here." Aragorn's smile grew wider, "I know Gandalf, thank you. But, I think I'm going to be with myself for some time. I shall see you tonight." The wizard nodded and watched Aragorn leave down the halls. Behind him, Legolas was standing amongst the three hobbits, and had heard every word. "You're such a pretty elf, sir," said Sam bringing Legolas' attention back down to the hobbit's. He smiled from the comment he has heard so often, but answered truthfully, "Thank you young master. Your kind is very unique I must say." "Unique or stubborn?" Merry pipped. Pippin gave his closest friend a were-you-talking-about-me look. "I see no stubbornness in any of you, but I'm sure I will know the truth once we head out tomorrow. Now you must excuse me, it was a pleasure to meet you three, but I must be off." Pippin whined, "Do you have too? Elf's are always so formal, I think they should get out and play more often." Merry and Sam nodded without hesitation. Legolas chuckled, "Play? Play what?" "Tag is always fun, us hobbit's can never get bored," Merry replied nudging Pippin who giggled back. Legolas was worried for what Aragorn was troubled about, but the problem seemed to disappear from mind. It was true, he was a formal prince and challenging, but you could say that he's never 'played' in a long time. He smiled down at the little master's and said, "Well then, we shall play this game of tag. But after, I must go. There are things I wish to do before we leave tomorrow." "Alright, let's go! And since you were the last one to join you're 'it'!" Before he could protest, all the three Shirelings took off down the halls in opposite directions. Merry and Pippin one way, Sam the other. Legolas chuckled and dashed after the closest ones, ignoring the odd looks everyone was giving him. A/N: I am very uneasy for my first chapters, so please give me your thoughts. I love Aragorn and Legolas together, so I approve of no flames. Don't be harsh to me if you don't like it. Review and tell me if I should continue! Hannon le FireHead