if you are not one of the elves." "I haven't lived that long," I lied. He laughed softly. "We have tracked you for over a thousand years. . . Jealean." The way he said my name told me he knew it was not my name, and I was certain he had known all along. I edged away from him and looked away. Had so much time had passed? I knew it had been long, but that long? The thought took my breath away. I didn't realize he'd stood up until his hands pulled me close to him. "A thousand years in which the elves sought the daughter of a Vala." I couldn't think, too astonished to believe it. "I don't understand." Haldir suddenly stepped back, with a deep bow. Around me the forest lit as if the sun had suddenly risen. I turned to face the Lady of Light with a rising sense of panic. She stood smiling, draped in a long silver gown. Behind her another elf stood patiently, his silver hair sleek, his blue eyes studying me intently. "Few would understand, given the life you have led," Galadriel admitted as she approached. "We had hoped to find you quickly once we learned you had been born, but our life in those days was torn by strife and shadow. The peoples and lands we once knew are now gone and lost forever." She glanced at the elf at her side, taking his hand as he reached out. "It was given to me to find you, but I fear my lord and I were forced to flee our home. We came here, among the Silvan to find refuge, and they in turn have done my bidding. But to no avail when it came to a child of a Vala. Even as a babe they hid you well, those entrusted with your care, believing all to be your enemy." Galadriel touched my shoulder. "But at last we have found you, though almost too late." I sank to the ground, then looked up to find Galadriel bending over to brush my hair from my forehead. "You are safe here, Nieliquiel. You belong here as you belong nowhere else. Your mother is a Vala, but your father, my dear, is an elf." I looked at Haldir, who lifted a dark brow and looked rather smug. "I don't . . . I . . . I can't believe it." Galadriel sank down beside me, her silver skirt pooling around us. "Your mother Nielíqui was very beautiful. But as much as you resemble the form we have carved it is your father who you look like the most. I have not seen him for many years. I fear that I do not know if he has gone to the West or yet lives within these lands." I did not know the one she spoke of, for my knowledge of the Valar was limited. "Who was she?" "Nielíqui was the daughter of Oromë and Vana. She once danced beneath the branches of Laurelin in the gardens of Valinor. But she took a handsome elf to her heart during our years in Beleriand and during the trials of war she gave birth to a child that she hid, unbeknownst to the child's father for many years." I stared at my hands. "I cannot believe it." She laughed softly and pressed a small oval into my hands. "Perhaps you can believe this." I blinked back sudden tears as I stared at the small portrait artfully painted on the stone, the image so real I touched it with trembling fingers. My eyes, my hair stared out at me, eyes that gleamed with such life and determination. A face I would never know. Tears dripped down my cheeks as I held the picture close to my heart. The statue, the elf beneath my hands, my life was suddenly laid out before me in a way I could never have envisioned. "I truly didn't know. But why would she hide me from you or my father?"" Galadriel patted my hand. "Nieliqui was angry because Ondrion would not forsake his people to return to the West with her." Galadriel's expression softened with compassion, "and because there were and still are those who would find a daughter of a Vala treasure indeed." "So all these years . . ." "All these years you have fled, taught by those who raised you to fear everyone and that we all meant you harm. But it was not true. But once we lost contact with your first guardians you were difficult to find." "So I have wasted most of my life," I whispered horrified. "All those years . . ." Galadriel's fingers pressed my lips. "Are gone and cannot be turned back. But you have a long future ahead of you. You are immortal." Galadriel rose to her feet, assisted by Haldir and Celeborn both. Haldir bent down and lifted me to my feet. "You must stay with us now," Galadriel continued as she glanced at Celeborn, who nodded in agreement. "There are those who know of you even now and would seek to harm you," Celeborn declared softly. "Mordor grows in power. But we can protect you. You belong here." I glanced at Haldir, all my fear of him now gone. He nodded faintly, a slight dip of a stubborn chin that I suddenly found extremely appealing. The thought came to me that perhaps . . . my gaze met that of the Lady of Light to find her eyes glittering with amusement. "Indeed," was all she said as she turned away to glide down the path with her husband. I watched her retreating figure, then glanced back at Haldir, who still stood nearby, watching me. To my surprise, he held out his hand to me, his eyes holding a question. Suddenly breathless, I put my hand in his. I, Nieliquiel, had not planned this journey to Lothlórien, but I knew I was finally home.