voice was now completely flat and serious - it might have been Gandalf asking the question. Pippin swallowed heavily, although it did little to return moisture to his dry throat. The blue in Merry's eyes intensified and sharpened until they were like Frodo's magic blade, Sting. Pippin imagined them relentlessly piercing his flesh, seeking to uncover the secret that Pippin guarded as though it was the One Ring. He squeezed his eyes shut, seeking relief from the intent in Merry's gaze that promised he would not hesitate to tickle a response out of Pippin if he did not get there by himself soon. Any other form of torture would to him be no worse than listening to one of Treebeard's stories compared with tickling, and Merry knew it. " Pippin, " Merry warned. The hastily-formed plan of distracting him with a topic concerning food fled from Pippin's mind when he picked up the uncharacteristic growl in Merry's voice. He felt the mattress dip as Merry moved towards him and instinctively shied away from the fingers that knew the secret spot between Pippin's ribs that would make him shriek and laugh even as he begged for mercy. "Pippin…" Merry said again, his voice was right by Pippin's ear, closer than he had anticipated. Something in it made him pause before taking a dive off the bed to escape - a hint of the same thing that could sometimes be heard in Frodo's voice when he'd talked about the Ring before. It sent little shivers up Pippin's spine to hear the same tone lacing Merry's low voice. "Open your eyes, Pippin." The young hobbit obeyed the command without thinking, and the closeness of Merry's face startled him. The vivid blue in his eyes filled Pippin's vision. Every muscle in his skinny body locked until he felt he was made of stone. He briefly wondered if this was what Bilbo's trolls now felt like before every coherent thought fled from his mind when Merry tilted his head and touched his soft lips against Pippin's. The contact was feather-light and Pippin barely felt it, but it sent electric currents sparking throughout his body, stirring up his stomach and bringing it to life with the squirming feeling of a thousand butterflies all fluttering their wings at once. He let his breath go in a long sigh, which may have contained broken whispers of Merry's name. Merry made a tiny, choked noise in the back of his throat and suddenly he was everywhere . His strong hands pushed Pippin back into the cushions; his hair tickled Pippin's skin and his lips left a trail of soft kisses like falling petals on Pippin's cheeks, ears and forehead. He smelled of soap and ale and Merry , all blended into one delicious scent that caused Pippin's breath to come in short gasps as he tried to drink in as much of it as possible. "Oh Pippin – Pip -" Merry murmured with undisguised desperation. He shifted his weight on top of Pippin until their bodies were pressed flush together. Pippin made a pleased humming sound as he giddily absorbed the sensation of having Merry's warm weight pushing him into the bed. This seemed to spur Merry on and he bent his head to press hard kisses against Pippin's neck, before finally crushing their lips back together. Merry tasted exactly like he smelled, but hotter and wetter and more desperate than ever as his mouth moved over Pippin's. The younger hobbit wriggled a little as the squirming in his stomach grew more frenzied, causing Merry to gasp and bite down on his lower lip hard. Pippin's response was an astonished squeak, which finally broke through the haze and brought them both back down to Middle-earth. Merry went to sit up, pulling Pippin with him, and stared long and hard into his eyes. A question caused the darkened irises to grow lighter, and Pippin feared that it was time to come back to reality. He tried to push Merry away; to save them both the awkwardness of a discussion concerning what had just happened. Merry tightened his hold on Pippin's clothes, refusing to budge. "You need to tell me right now if this is what you want," Merry said in a low, husky voice that made Pippin squirm again, "Because if we don't stop now, there'll be no going back. Do you understand?" "I'm not a child, Merry ," Pippin said exasperatedly. "And if you hadn't guessed by now that this is what I've wanted all along, you may as well drop the name Brandybuck and call yourself a Chubb instead." Although Pippin was rather proud of his retort, he soon received punishment for it in the form of intruding fingers digging between his ribs. "I suppose you think that's funny," Merry chided as Pippin tried to push the older, broader hobbit off him to no avail. Merry relinquished his attack before the first tears formed in Pippin's eyes and instead tucked a stray curl behind his right ear. "This is the best way I can ever keep my promise," he said softly. "If you'll have me like this." Pippin's smile made his jaw ache despite his attempts to rein it in. "If we stay together like this, nothing in the whole of Middle-earth will ever be wrong. I'll let you go everywhere first and be content to follow you, if when we reach our destination the first thing you do is take my hand and let me enjoy all the excitement with you." Merry chuckled. "Wow, Pip, I bet Sam would be impressed to hear you coming out with things like that. That was practically poetry." "Not at all," Pippin replied. "That was a simple realisation that this moment will be all I need to chase away any shadows that may try to drag me into their darkness." Merry had no reply other than to plant a kiss on the end of his nose and say, "Oh Pippin ."