legs in a death grip. Sesshoumaru was effectively immobilised, as he could not move with Rin clinging on to him like that. He looked briefly down at her to see if she was ok, before coldly looking back up the elf lord and the human, with a glare that could freeze fire. Aragorn swore later that the air temperature had dropped a good few degrees, and even he was secretly glad that he was not alone with the youkai. Around six other elves ran into the room, each holding a bow and a quiver full of arrows. They pointed the arrows at the demon lord, moving with inhuman speed. If Sesshoumaru were worried, which he could not be, he would have been worrying about Rin. Not knowing that the elves would much prefer to let the youkai go then to shoot the girl, his first thought was that while he could easily dodge the arrows, Rin was a sitting target. Glaring at the offending elves, he said to the girl, "Get back." Rin looked questionably up at him, before obeying his command and stepping back to the sidelines of the court. An elf immediately ran up to her, asking if she was ok, and earning only a growl from her lord. "What do you want, demon?" Aragorn repeated, glaring at Sesshomaru, who was standing unconcerned with around six arrows pointed directly towards him. Any other man would have had some reaction, or at least reached over and get his sword, but the demon simply stood there. Finally he spoke, and broke the silence. "You were clever in looking after Rin for me," Aragorn, Elrond and the other elves stared in shock. "But if you choose to fight…" The youkai lord continued, taking one step towards the man, then running forward until he was only a blur, and appeared again at the tip of Aragorn's blade a millisecond later. "You would only choose death." The dog demon then touched the sword tip with his claws, and it melted away, a mixture of lime green poison and liquid iron. (no, this is not Anduril). Aragorn let go of the sword, and it clanged to the floor. The silence that followed it was as quiet as if no one was there at all. Aragorn stepped back, aghast, and an immediate uproar sounded. At that exact moment, the archers released their arrows, faster then the human eye could follow. Sesshoumaru twisted around, equally fast, and with a flick of his wrist a green whip glowing with light shot out of his fingers and lazily cut four of the arrows in two and messily cutting the other two into splinters. Once again all of the middle earth people were frozen with shock, and Sesshoumaru leisurely wondered over to Rin, who greeted him with a bow and a smile. "Let's go, Rin." He said, and gently grabbing hold of the girl he jumped up and out of the building, into the sky. When he reached the top of the jump, Sesshoumaru formed a cloud underneath him and set Rin down on that. She sat down smiling, and peered over the edge. There was silence, except the whistling of the wind as it blew threw the top most parts of the buildings below. They flew for a good few hours, and the moon was just setting. " Elrond-sama was really nice to me." Rin commented as they descended at the bottom of a large hill. She jumped of the cloud, glad to be on the ground again. It was not that she did not like riding on her lord's cloud, but it was kind of strange standing on something that was not quite solid. As usual Sesshoumaru did not reply to her statement, but he turned it over in his mind. He did not really have a reason to attack the creatures, seeing as they did not mistreat her, but then he didn't attack them when he could of, so no harm done. Not that he would have cared if it were. Stepping up to a cave nearby he said "You should stay here the night. Do not wonder off." Rin nodded wordlessly and run up to the cave obediently, sitting down and began starting a fire with some dry twigs and a match that girl, Kagome, had given her once. Soon a tiny fire was going, and Rin pulled out a few mushrooms from nearby. Looking up she noticed that Sesshomaru was already gone. - - - - - - - - - - - - Back in Elrond's court, Aragorn, the elven lords and some other people were holding a council. Aragorn had described the encounter with the dog demon to everyone who was not there, and was now discussing what to do about it, although he left out the part about him being, 'Lord of the Western lands'. "We should send out some warriors to kill it! We can't just let something as powerful as that to wonder around unchecked." Someone, a dwarf, typically said. He was around waist height, having messy red hair, a much stronger build and a huge battle-axe, strapped to his side. "Maybe we should just leave him." an elf replied, eyes glinting angrily at the dwarf referring to the demon as an 'it'. "If no one has noticed, we were the one's attacking him. He did not harm anyone, and could of easily done so. He was just getting back the human girl – Rin." The elf with blond hair said heatedly, glaring at the dwarf. Many of the elves, men and a few dwarves agreed to that, and so they eventually decided just to leave him well alone. Soon after, Aragorn took his leave, and dressing in travelling clothes and donning a new sword he set off to Bree where he could hopefully find the ring bearer and his companions. Sighing, the future king of Gondor left his childhood home and once again set out into the wild.