despair that I have forgotten my interminable friend, who has been there for me since birth! Oh, Aurëwen, could you ever forgive me?" And the two maidens fell sobbing into each other's arms, the burdens and anguish divided between them, alleviating one another with unspoken words. They stood there motionless for a time. White, wispy clouds passed overhead against a beautiful backdrop of blue sky; the great canvas under which all the earth lies in tranquil harmony. Time swirled around the spirits of the two sisters, but it did not have the slightest impression on them, for the days of a Firstborn cannot be calculated, and the minutes of the clock has little importance. Eventually, Aurëwen shattered the silence. "I was meaning to tell you, my sister most beloved," she murmured through her sniffling, "But we have finally arrived at the Grey Havens. You had been smothered in a shroud of sadness, so I had not the heart to speak of this before." She turned her face towards the west, and abruptly her features lit with the radiance of the multihued sunset; the stray tears on her cheeks mirrored the glow of sun, preparing for his nightly slumber, and it brought about the source of the light to appear within her. Lindhwen titled her head up in surprise and followed Aurëwen's gaze; indeed, there it was, laid out like a boundless mural, lovely and picturesque in every aspect. In the distance, two white pavilions perched upon identical cliff faces, noble and towering above all, yet warmly beckoning them enter into the ceaseless realm. Between them was a narrow strait shining like gold under Anar's rays of farewell. And beyond, beyond the horizon waited, anticipating the departure of several Elven ships out in the direction of the open ocean, sterns fixed upon the east. She was stunned to find that they had been standing only a few steps away from the wooden platform, next to which was a lovely vessel, ready to commence its journey. It was skillfully engraved with entangled leaves of polished cedar; the golden, gossamer sails, the exact color of the sun, billowed in the delicate ocean breeze, and the bow was crafted into a beautiful swan's head, its neck elegantly arched. Upon the dock stood several Elves, politely averting their eyes and patiently waiting for the sisters to board the ship. "Shall we go?" Aurëwen asked timidly. Lindhwen looked around, letting her eyes slowly sweep over the fair lands of the Grey Havens. Seagulls swooped overhead, plunging straight towards the waters, yet at the very last moment, pulling spectacularly out of a dive. She envied them, for the birds of the air were free to fly where they wished; as long as the breath of life was granted to them, they were not bound to any fate. What Valinor held in store for her kindred: eternal peace and prosperity, could never satisfy her broken soul. She remained silent to her sister's question, for in her heart, she knew the answer. "Aurëwen," she whispered, "you and I both very well realize we shall never leave these much-loved shores." Aurëwen stared back, unreservedly astonished, into her sister's deep emerald eyes that glittered with excitement and hope. "Amar will be good for our brothers," Lindhwen continued fervently, "but not for me. And surely not for you. This I understand now in my heart: that we should escape back to the land of our beloveds, if escape it may be called. For that is where my spirit lies, and if I forsake its call, Valinor will simply be another dying wasteland, where I shall spend perpetuity in deepest regret and sorrow. All the glory of the Undying Lands will be veiled to my gaze, and nothing shall quench my longing." Her sister remained speechless, but words had no need to be uttered, for Aurëwen's face shone with delight and anticipation, and ever so slightly, a knowing smile tugged softly at the corners of her mouth. "Shall we go?" Lindhwen asked, echoing her sister's query, although this time, she knew the nature of the response that would be given. Aurëwen dipped her head in a single, graceful nod, and with a billow of her dress, swiftly began to stride back towards the forest. Startled by her sister's sudden movement, Lindhwen quickly glanced back at the sparkling blue sea, and hurried after Aurëwen. The Elves-in-waiting stood silently next to the ship as they watched the two sisters move steadily back towards the sea of green. They glanced uneasily at each other; beset with shock and disbelief. Moments later, Eärhil spoke up, casting gaze down to the ground. "I had been wondering when they would turn back. Lady Lindhwen became so sad as we progressed ever closer to the sea." He nudged a few small stones around with his feet, his voice getting quieter and quieter. "Her walk was like the beautiful but slowly fading petals of a rose; her face was impressed with sorrow; her eyes were not focused on the path to the Grey Havens, but dark in tearful reminiscence. She would never have gone to Valinor, for she would have left her heart here." "My boy," exclaimed an older, dark-haired Elf, "how do you know of such things?" Eärhil shrugged his shoulders and looked up, his multi-hued eyes glistening with compassion, a tender and serene expression contrasting with his still boyish features. "She is my mistress and my friend," he said, "and I have served her for many years. And this I believe of her actions: She is bound to something on this good earth, something that she chooses to return to. Thus her fate will be different than that of the Eldar who will hereafter dwell in Amar. Her destiny calls, and she has answered." With that, Eärhil quickly boarded the ship; the others followed, and the ship sailed into the west. And, that's it. PLEASE review with as much constructive criticism as possible. :Slinks away into a little corner: