you'll have to tell me sooner or later. So you better tell me now, Irina, Daichi, or I'll-'' ''You'll do nothing, orokana tane .'' If it was possible for Marie to feel very cold right now, she would have asked for three blankets to cover herself ; Daichi's voice was calm but held this tone that made her blood freeze and her body shiver in unwitting shakes and when her brown eyes met the younger woman's, all the French student could see was this harsh coldness she wasn't familiar with and that was enough to stupefy her growing temper and apease the anger rising. Marie was frozen to the bone. Literally. There was a weird sensation nagging in her mind about Daichi that worried her but not really knowing what it was, she couldn't put a finger on it. Why did that woman make her feel greatly uncomfortable and also very inferior ? What was this disturbing sensation she could feel whenever she was around the Japanese ninja ? Sont-elles des flics ? Du FBI ? Non...pas elle, pas Daichi Matsumoto, elle est trop...étrange. Pourquoi suis-je effrayée en sa présence ? Daichi shifted slightly to fully face Marie and slowly leaned forward, ignoring Irina's warning glance. The French student did everything not to look away from this stare as freezing as a glaciation and braced herself. ''I won't lie to you, they probably want to kill you and would have first kidnapped you if I hadn't interfered,'' she snapped lowly. ''But if you want answers, be the good idiotic girl you've always been and cooperate with us. If you can do that, you'll stay alive and you'll have your answers. If you don't, I still have papers here to make origamis and kill you in your sleep with them, you won't even notice.'' Author's translations : To all those who read the first chapter and actually liked it, you certainly had noticed those French lines and Japanese words. Well, it will be like this in every chapter of « The Good Idiotic Girl & The Mastermind Criminal » and each time at the end, I will put the translations so you can understand their meaning. - Les seuls sushis que j'ai pu manger en France ne doivent certainement pas avoir le même goût que ceux qui sont faits dans le pays même : The only sushis I've eaten in France should certainly not have the same taste as those made in the country itself. - J'espère que les nouilles seront bonnes aussi : I hope that the noodles are good too. - Kon'nichiwa ! Anata wa nani o shitaidesu ka ? : Hi ! What do you want ? - Watashi wa koko de tabetai, onegaishimasu : I want to eat here, please. - Kokode wa, misu : This way, young lady. - Hein ? : Huh ? - Kanpeki : Perfect ! - Gaikoku no : Foreigner. - Orokana furansugo : Silly Frenchie ! - Non mais, qu'est-ce que ça veut dire ? : Hey, what the heck ? - Il n'y a même pas dix minutes, c'était plein de couples de vieux, de lycéennes... où sont-ils tous passés ? Qui sont ces gens étranges ? : Just ten minutes ago it was full of old couples, schoolgirls... where have they all gone to ? Who are these strange people ? - Non, cette femme joue avec mon esprit et mes nerfs. Je dois l'ignorer . : No, that woman is playing with my mind and my nerves. I have to ignore her. - Orokana tane : You idiot ! - oh, putain de merde ! : Oh holy shit ! - Vous...vous l'avez tué ! Vous l'avez tué... comme ça ! Avec un shuriken ! : You...you killed him ! You killed him...just like this ! With a shuriken ! - Putain, je dois raconter ça à mes copines et mes parents ! Sur Twitter ! : Fuck, I have to tell this to my friends and my parents ! On Twitter ! - Gaijin ! : It would be the same as 'Gaikoku no'. - Shinu ! : Die ! - Furansuhito wa amarini mo ôku no shitsumon o suru. : The French ask too many questions. - Sore wa yakuza ni owa rete iru baai demo, sore wa seijōdeatta ka no yō ni, kanojo wa taberu koto o tsudzuketa : And even if she is being pursued by yakuzas, she keeps eating as if it was normal. - Wani : 'Crocodile' in English. - Le gang de Wani ? Jamais entendu parler . Mais si ce qu'elles disent est vrai à ce propos, il est probable que je ne vais pas m'en sortir aussi facilement et ne serai peut-être pas en mesure d'acheter ce superbe gilet que j'ai vu à Shibuya hier. : The Wani gang ? Never heard of it. But if what they say is true about it, it is likely that I won't get out of this as easily and may not be able to purchase this beautiful vest that I saw yesterday in Shibuya. - Imbécile ! : Fool ! - Qu'est-ce qu'Irina et Daichi étaient en train de dire à propos d'un...agneau et de crocodiles ? Si je me souviens bien, 'Wani' signifie 'Crocodile' en français, ce qui nomme tous les yakuzas membres de ce gang. Et l'agneau, ce serait... : What were Irina and Daichi saying about a lamb... and crocodiles ? If I remember correctly, 'Wani' means 'Crocodile' in French, which appoints all members of this yakuza gang. And the lamb would be... - parce que j'en suis la cible, bordel de Dieu ! : Because I'm the target for God's sake ! - Sont-elles des flics ? Du FBI ? Non...pas elle, pas Daichi Matsumoto, elle est trop...étrange. Pourquoi suis-je effrayée en sa présence ? : Are they cops ? From FBI ? No...not her, not Daichi Matsumoto, she's too...strange. Why am I scared in her presence ?