some provisions for the journey and for her to become used to the idea of my absence." Flora entered the room, carrying a tray of drinks and food, followed by curious young hobbits who were wide-eyed at the presence of a man in their home. This, together with two Dwarves was more excitement than they had experienced in their young lives. They scurried to a window seat. The conversation turned to the welfare of the King and Queen, Breomir's journey, what he had seen, how his journey had gone, whether he had encountered anything. They talked into the night until Flora re-appeared and shepherded the Hobbit children out of the room and up to their beds. Káin stretched. "I think it is time for me to retire," he said, tapping out his pipe on the side of the fire grate. After he had seen to the accommodations of his guests, the King's guard not the least of these, Elfstan made his way down the hall toward the room that he and Flora had shared these many years. It was not without some trepidation that he approached the door. He had not missed the looks that Flora has shot in his direction when it became apparent that he was going off on another adventure. The Hobbit was absolutely certain that Flora would not be happy about that prospect although their children would be a great help to her with the gardens and greenhouses in his absence. Jolly especially. He was such an old soul for such a young Hobbit lad, unlike himself Elfstan chuckled. Taking a deep breath and steeling himself against the angry tirade that would possibly meet him as soon as he opened the chamber door, Elfstan went into the darkened room. What he met there relieved him although if he had thought clearly to himself he should have known it would be like this. The bright moon cast shadows across the comfortable room. Flora's silhouette was to be seen as she sat in the window seat that overlooked her favorite garden, her arms wrapped around her drawn up knees with her chin cradled there, eyes unseeing. In the moonlit night, Elfstan could make out the small tremors of suppressed tears. He walked softly over to her and put his sturdy arms about her shoulders and drew her into his embrace. Flora turned to him and buried her face in his shoulder and cried quietly for a moment or two. She then pushed herself back, wiped her tears and said, "What must you be thinking? Here I am carrying on like a child with a skinned knee." She took a deep breath and looked up at Elfstan. Placing her palms on either side of his face, she gave him a small kiss upon his lips. "I know you must go. The King holds bonds to you that you are unable to break; those bonds were forged before we married and I cannot in good conscience have you break them." She looked at him and her face took on that steely look that Elfstan had grown familiar with over the years said sternly, "Not that I have to like it one bit, mind you." Elfstan drew her back into his arms again chuckling all the while. "I know, my dear lass, I know. But the King has need of me, and I cannot do anything but obey. You would not have me do otherwise now would you?" he queried. "No, as you well know," Flora replied sighing and settling deeper into Elfstan's arms. "I know the King would not send for you unless it was in the direst of needs. I don't know that we've seen one of the Big People in the Shire since the King decreed that they were not to be here. Can you tell me what the King desires of you?" Frowning into the moonlit garden Elfstan said,"I know not for certain myself. The messenger Breomir said very little of what concerned Aragorn. The only thing for certain is that it involves Eldarion." "Eldarion? The King's son? Why? What has happened?" concern was evident in Flora's voice even though Elfstan could only dimly see her upturned face in the moonlight. "Breomir did not elaborate," replied Elfstan. "I think that his orders are to escort us to Annuminas where we will learn the full truth of the situation. Of that, more I cannot say." "Ooh, poor Aragorn. Poor Arwen." Flora's tender heart ached at the unknown dilemma that faced the King and Queen. Worry and fear about one's children Flora could understand. "Of course you must go, my love. When do you plan on leaving? Pray that it not be for a day or two so that I can help provision you. Also, you will need to explain to Jolly, Tom, Nib and the girls what needs to be done in your stead. I am sure my mother and father will help out as well as my brothers. They will be proud that you are on an errand for the King….as soon as the shock of another adventurous Hobbit has worn off," Flora added as an afterthought. She smiled her beautiful Hobbit-lass smiled that never failed to make Elfstan's knees a bit wobbly. Taking her by the hand and gently pulling her to her feet, Elfstan led her to their comfortable bed for what remained of the night. This is where their goodbyes would be said. The day for their departure broke with lowering clouds as the company prepared their horses and ponies for the journey. After a good sized Hobbit breakfast, Káin, Orlin, Elfstan and Breomir took their leave of Flora and the young Fairbairn offspring and set off on their way. Anticipation of what their meeting with Aragorn would hold had Káin's moustaches bristling. He began to whistle a Dwarvish tune, which was picked up by Orlin and soon Elfstan and Breomir joined in as they trotted along the road and out of the village.