though they have not said it." Frodo nodded and yawned dramatically. He laid down on his sleeping mat and closed his eyes, trying to make himself comfortable. He thought he heard Aragorn bid him good night but sheer exhaustion suddenly caught up to him and pulled him into a peaceful, dreamless sleep. Isildur's heir returned his gaze to his elven friends. Legolas had offered Silmarwen his arm as they walked and she had laid her head on his strong shoulder. " Peace, my friends, " the man whispered into the air before turning onto his own bedroll and welcoming glorious sleep and much needed rest. The next morning the Fellowship was given supplies they would need for the remainder of their journey; food, water, some Elvish medicines. Lady Galadriel also took the time to give each individual member a gift fitted just for them. It wasn't until the group was preparing to leave in the boats given to them by the Lord and Lady that Silmarwen had the chance to even lay eyes on Legolas, let alone speak with him. She had been busy planning the security and defense of Lothlórien in the likelihood that the foul orcs and goblins from Moria tried to track and follow the Ringbearer into the Golden Wood. The woodland elf had been caught up in preparations for the group's departure. Legolas didn't want to leave without at least getting to say goodbye to his beloved Silmarwen. He scanned the riverbank but did not see her anywhere. He was beginning to worry that time would run out when he caught a glimpse of her beautiful brown hair. She and Haldir hurriedly made their way down to the banks, making him smile. "Legolas!" she called to him as she closed the last few feet between them, followed by Haldir. The Marchwarden nodded his head toward the other blonde. "May the Valar go with you on your journey, my friend," he said, "I am sure we shall meet again soon." The ellons clasped each other's forearms firmly in a farewell before Haldir made his way over to where Aragorn was helping to load the hobbits into boats. Once he was gone, Silmarwen and Legolas smiled at each other and joined hands. "Do not let a century pass before I see you again," the elleth spoke, trying to reign her emotions in. "I would not dream of it," the blonde elf replied, "Silmarwen...what we spoke about last night, I meant every word of it. " She looked down at the still water for a moment and then back up into his eyes. " As did I. " The simply stood together for awhile, losing track of time until Aragorn called for Legolas. They needed to be leaving soon. Legolas nodded to his longtime friend before turning back to Silmarwen. He placed a hand on her soft cheek, feeling her hand come up to rest on his forearm. "Please be careful and safe," she whispered, "May the grace of the Valar protect you." "May it be with you as well," he replied, bringing their foreheads together, " N'i lû ir a-goveninc. " Until we meet again. " Galo Anor erin râd gîn, Legolas. " May the sun shine upon your path, Legolas. He leaned in and kissed her gently before letting her go and settling himself in one of the white boats with the dwarf, Gimli. The Fellowship set off down the river, many of the elves of Lórien watching them leave. " Namárië, " Silmarwen said quietly, even though she knew none of them would hear her. As she stared after them, Haldir returned to stand beside her. He did not speak; just being there for her was a comfort. Since her older brother Amrod had died, Haldir had stepped in and been a tremendous support for her. They had always been close friends but they had grown even more so since the tragic event that had taken so many immortal lives. None could ever replace Amrod, but she had gained another brother. "He is highly skilled, gwathel nin, " Haldir told her, "He will be alright." The elleth nodded, still silent. She turned her head to look at him. "He loves me," she said. She received a smirk in return. "I thought so. If the way the pair of you have looked at each other for the past few hundred years was not evidence enough, that parting kiss you shared was." The brown-haired elf blushed slightly and ducked her head, earning a hearty laugh from Haldir. "Come," he said, "Let us return to the borders of the woods. The soldiers of the Enemy do not stop because we might." After glancing down theriver one last time, Silmarwen turned and followed him, the two making their way back to the positions they had occupied not but a few days before. The dup came to a halt at the base of the large tree from which Silmarwen most often kept her watch. Before they parted to go their separate ways, they caught each other in a warm embrace. " Hannon le, gwador nin, " the elleth spoke, "For everything." The Marchwarden smiled. "Always," he replied, "I shall see you tomorrow night." Silmarwen nodded in agreement and began nimbly climbing the tall tree. When she reached her station she turned and yelled after Haldir's shrinking figure. "Try not to shoot yourself in the foot with your own arrow, mellon nin !" "That happened only once , very long ago!" he spun around, continuing to walk backwards, and yelled back to the laughing elleth, "And you know it was Rúmil's fault, not my own!" Glossary: Mae govannen - Well met heruamin - my lord Uuma dela - Don't worry mellon nin - my friend Manen lyg? - How many? Hiro hyn hîdh ab 'wanath. - May they find peace after death. Hannon le - Thank you Namárië - Farewell gwathel nin - my sworn sister gwador nin - my sworn brother