people. Thranduil now the king of Mirkwood, after his father was killed during the great war, reigned on his own thrown with a bitter and vengeful heart. The ring's evil power could even touch the elves in the tree top palaces feeding Thranduil's anger and hate. He reformed his army and turned against man while they were at their weakest, intend upon destroying the ring of power once and for all and man along with it for their deceitful nature. And so the great war between elf and man began... They were dark days indeed. Even darker than the days of Sauron for two of the purest creatures blessed of the Valar fought to their own ruins while the Valar wept. The land was once more watered with the blood of the innocence as the world was put to shambles once more. The world of men inevitable fell under the agile fighting of the elves. Man had already greatly weakened their numbers in their own civil wars and the elves were truly fearsome warriors with skill that came from thousands of years of experience. So Gondor and Rohan fell... The elves still creatures of compassion and love could not bring themselves to utterly massacre the world of men and so enslaved many of the human race. Isuldur died and the ring of power went out of thought and time, lost for many years. But even though much of Isuldur's household fell, his line remained intact. For his human son escaped into the night, though many believed him dead and he was thus also forgotten. Many humans went into hiding at the fall of their homelands fleeing from the wraith of the elves. They were a people broken and divided. Either enslaved, exiled, or dead. It seemed the world of man was no more... Elrond, one of the great warriors after the last great war, could not bear the enslavement of the human race. In his heart he felt a great wrongness in these actions as did many elves of soft heart. And so he spoke out against King Thranduil pleading with him to see reason. But Thranduil was filled with hate and vengeance towards the world of men and so would see no reason, especially from a "half-elf". And so Elrond with his new wife Celebrian and their two young twin sons and infant daughter left Mirkwood and set out for a new home land. They found a land lush with life and named it Rivendell for it lay beside a great and plentiful river. Many of Elrond's supporters in the years to come would follow after and slowly a great elven kingdom was built and it would someday become a great refugee to all who sought it. The lady Galadriel and her husband celeborn also journey from Mirkwood seeking the isolation and peace of Lothlorian. They built a kingdom in the trees isolated from the ways of the world, happy in their solitude. After many years the divided world of men slowly began to rebuild. A group of renegade humans known as the rangers protected the weak from the residual forces of Sauron as well as the elves who still sought man's capture. They traveled constantly never to have a home of their own so that others could feel free and safe in theirs. The descents of Isuldur himself lead these noble rangers seeking to atone for their sins of their forefathers, putting their noble robes to rest and becoming outlaw warriors. And so it was for centuries to come.... Stories of distrust grew between elf and dwarf so they became fearsome enemies. The hate of elf and dwarf became legendary though it was uncertain as to the true underpinnings of this dislike between them. The three elven kingdoms flourished, but there was only a tentative peace left between them. Deep seated disagreement lay between them that was not so easily rectified. The Valar watched the workings of middle earth and were greatly displeased. The land they had loved so much lay in ruins shadowed by deep seated unrest. And the valar's blessed creatures had lost their light and purity. And so the Valar punished their way ward children in hopes to help elf, dwarf, and man see the error of their ways. The dwarves were condemned to search aimlessly for buried treasures consumed with their greed that they would not see the light of day for centuries to come. They would become an isolated and empty people who could no longer celebrate and be merry as they once were, forever feeling a sense of emptiness inside. The elves lost their gift of creation. They could no longer save a life nor create a flower with the power of their own spirits. They could not even bear children, the greatest act of creation. And so they too were left with a sense of loss. And humans were condemned to live a millennia of enslavement or exile. They would remain a broken and lost people scattered to the four corners of the earth until the rebirth. Middle earth lay broken and unrepairable, divided and fallen. Sauron's vow to return slowly became an inevitable truth as darkness grew on the horizon. The world was divided and it was certain that none would or could oppose him. For the prophecies had written that only the heir of Isuldur bore the power to defeat the dark lord Sauron and all thought Isuldur's line forever broken. Few knew Isuldur's offspring still lived and so hope lay dim and far forgotten. And so all of middle earth watched in silent horror as the darkness grew and Sauron's strength returned. But there was still a sparkle of light in the see of darkness, a glimmer of hope in a world divided. Through the capture of a simple ranger a child would be borne, a slave by birth, but also a king by birth. And he would bring about the rebirth of middle earth, a savior hope