family was awake so he wouldn't have to explain why he had missed supper. He was off to Hobbiton to find Sam and the Shaggin' Wagon. He wasn't sure where he would find either of them, but he would keep looking until he was successful. There was no sign of them at the Gamgee residence and Bell, Sam's mother, informed Merry that he was already at work at Bag End. He walked up to Bag End and spotted his wagon outside the front gate. In it were his clothes from the day before. Fuming, he was about to charge into the garden when Frodo opened the front door. Frodo could see how angry Merry looked and made him come inside and sit down and tell him what was wrong over a cup of tea. Merry explained the whole story to Frodo, who sat with a look of amusement on his face. When Merry was done, Frodo doubled over with laughter and said, "Man, he got you good!" Frodo continued laughing and Merry crossed his arms and responded with "Man, Frodo, some friend you are!" It was at this moment that Sam walked into the house from the garden. He saw Merry and froze, unsure of what to do. Cheekiness uncharacteristic of Sam took over him. "So, did you have a good walk home yesterday?" he asked Merry, smirking. With that, Merry jumped up out of his seat and ran after Sam who had already run back out into the garden. They were in the middle of the plot when Merry took a running leap and tackled Sam. In seconds they were rolling around in the dirt, throwing punches at each other. Sam picked up a tomato from somewhere and smashed it in Merry's face. Merry spluttered and coughed and picked up a dirt clod and threw it in Sam's face. Sam spat it out of his mouth and the two continued fighting. During all of this, Frodo watched the two and kept laughing. He still had his cup of tea in his hand, which he continued to sip during the show. He knew he should stop it, but it was really funny to watch. Suddenly, out of the corner of his eye, he spotted Bilbo walking up the hill. Bilbo noticed the fight in his garden and started running the rest of the way home. Frodo slipped back into the house and was sitting with a book in the front room when Bilbo burst in. "Somebody's fighting in my garden. Didn't you hear it?" Bilbo asked excitedly as he tossed his mushroom-gathering basket onto a counter in the kitchen and ran to the back door. "No, I've been here the whole time and didn't hear a thing," Frodo responded innocently, following Bilbo outside. Bilbo marched out to the garden to break up the fight and was able to see who they were. He shouted for them to stop, but that didn't work. He rapped them on the shins with his walking stick, but both boys were hitting and kicking each other so hard that neither one noticed. Finally, he walked to the rain barrel and filled a bucket with water and doused the two boys with it. That stopped them. For a long time, Bilbo just looked at them. He knew those two had been rivals all spring and it had only been a matter of time before something like this happened. He was not the best disciplinarian, but he would do his best. Sam and Merry sat side by side on the ground. They were both covered in mud and blood, and their clothes were torn. "I am shocked at your behaviour," Bilbo started, shaking his head. "What is wrong with you two? I thought you were friends." Bilbo felt this was a lame way to start, but he didn't have much practice with this. "Frodo, have you ever seen anything like this before?" he asked, feeling better if someone else did the talking for a while. "I am truly shocked and dismayed. I can't even believe it. I am a little traumatized, I must admit," Frodo said, feigning disappointment. Frodo relished at their discomfort. He would be turning thirty three this September and was now considered practically an adult, so he missed not being a part of this group as much anymore. But he still found ways to have fun with them Sam and Merry sat through that without too much annoyance. Frodo was only observing another important rule in the Young Male Hobbit Code of Conduct: always save your own backside first. "Well, since you two have destroyed my garden, you will work together to fix it and keep it up, through the entire summer." Bilbo was much sterner now after his little break. "I'll expect to see you two boys here bright and early every morning, starting tomorrow," he continued. "Is that clear?" "Yes," they grumbled. The two young hobbits were not looking forward to working with each other, but they had no choice in the matter. They began working by themselves in different parts of the garden, but soon realized that if they worked together, they'd get the job done much faster. Over the weeks, their hatred faded and the two could actually converse. They realized they were very interesting people and had quite a lot in common. Merry began to give Sam rides to Bag End every morning and soon they were even known to hang out together after work. They even got thrown out of the Green Dragon together. It was the start of a beautiful friendship, and one of the most eventful summers of their lives. Their friendship continued to grow as they loaded up the "Shaggin' Wagon" with girls for an end-of-the-summer celebration at the Bywater Pool. With the explicit understanding that Merry would stay away from Sam's sisters and Sam would stay away from Estella, their friendship eventually outgrew such youthful issues and continued for the rest of their lives.