many orc blades as we flew from the mountain. Mine own eyes were cast upon the sight." "It is indeed folly that I live to see these passings!" cried Boromir. "But what of the White Rider?" said Aragorn. "Mithrandir he is called by some," answered Théodin, "The Gray Pilgrim entered my city and cast out the evil that had smote my soul. He rode with us to battle and it was by his efforts that brought what few of us left out of the reaches of our enemies. Gandalf Greyhame he is known to our people." "Mithrandir!" cried Boromir. "Gandalf!" said Aragorn, a light seeming to fall upon his brow, "But it cannot be true! Gandalf was seen by mine own eyes to fall to ruin in the mines of Moria." "Then he hath risen anew," said Théodin, "It was by his hand that I stand before you." "It is a grain of hope among the ashes," said Aragorn, in his joy forgetting the sorrowful tidings, "But where is he? Naught did I see of him upon your arrival. Come, tell me his whereabouts so that my own eyes might find proof of this joyous news." Théodin shook his head, "I Fear Aragorn son of Arathorn that thine eyes must tarry a moment longer. Mithrandir hath set out upon the back of a most glorious steed, Shadowfax he is called. He rode to find men in this final battle that we wait on the brink of." "It is good tidings, nonetheless," said Boromir, "Indeed all hope is not yet lost for men. Come Aragorn, let us relieve our Fellowship of their sorrow – to bring them news of the return of Gandalf the White Rider!" It was two days passed when a small company of men rode to the gates of Minas Tirith. On their tale was the shadow of many dark hours and much toil. Boromir rushed hence to the gate with the remaining fellowship on his tail, to embrace the Captain with a smile and hearty laugh. "Faramir, my brother," said Boromir, "It be good to see you within these walls again." "Boromir," said Faramir, "Thou return brings joy to mine heavy heart." Then Faramir's gaze fell upon the two Hobbits, Merry and Pippin, and his eyes grew wide. News was brought forth of Frodo and Sam and the hearts were lifted of all. The happy tidings were not long dwelt upon. Ere the day had passed when a dark shadow of dread ceased all sign of sunlight. It came from the East, from the fiery mountains of Mordor. With it came a fey horde of orcs, of great size and number. It swarmed like a dark blanket across the fields of Gondor. Everywhere they defiled, burning and killing as they went. Word was heard of them in Minas Tirith and all was made ready for battle. One morning the people of the city awoke to find the dark host assembled before their walls. Dread fell upon all whose sight fell upon the evil creatures, whose hearts felt nothing but hatred and lusted for blood of men. Aragorn stood upon a parapet of the city and looked out, a grave mood on his heart and body. The Stewart Denethor stood beside him, staring out at the host of dark creatures. The doom of men, he felt, was what stood before his gates. "I fear," said Denethor, turning to look at Aragorn, "that the question of who shall rightly bear the crown of Gondor no longer hath need of answer." Ere long the battle began. Long and tarrying it was. The enemies from Mordor and Isengard both were unquenchable. Hordes of orcs continued to pour forth, breaking upon each level of the city Minas Tirith as the gates were each in turn breached. The white stones were stained red with the blood of men. The Nazgûl flew upon their winged steeds, spreading discord and despair whence they came. The sun sunk beneath the heavy clouds and still the battle raged through the night. In the morning there was no dawn, no horn blowing in the east. There was no rescue save a lone White Rider who crested a hill and galloped to meet head on his parting of the world. Gandalf and Aragorn met again upon the field of battle and took heart that they might draw swords together one last time, ere the age of men ceased. Gimli and Legolas were some of the last to fall. Many orcs lay slain at their feet and they departed this life together as friends. King Théodin of the Mark was slain upon the field. Lady Éowyn was killed defending her people. Boromir and Faramir fought together as brothers and fell together as brothers. The Stewart Denethor was found upon his black seat in the White Hall, the last casualty of the war. He had fought not in the battle of his city, but awaited death coldly with his crown upon his helm and scepter in hand. In the midst of the shadow of Mordor the lidless eye turned its sight on the Ring-Bearer. There Frodo and Sam were discovered by the enemy and the ring taken from their custody. Sam was slain by his master's feet, his last act of valor for the protection of his beloved Mr. Frodo. And Frodo lay upon the dark dust and ash of the accursed land, alone and utterly forsaken by all that was good in the world. "If only," whispered Frodo to himself, "If only something might have been different. Perhaps someone who should not have perished did so, or a path not meant to be tread was taken. If only…if only…. If something could have been done to prevent this… this end…." And he drew his last breath. In the west, far away from the shadow of Mordor, the sun broke clouds only in time to set, never again to rise and touch the blades of grass with its light. The End