the verbal reminder. However it was more the words than the pain in his backside that first reached through and broke the defenses of the dark haired wizard. He hated feeling the disapproval from Albus; from the one he wished to make proud of him and continued to let down repeatedly in some fashion. Behind the desk, Elrond had clenched his jaw in an effort not to make a sound as Glorfindel started in on his lower bottom with fierce whacks. He had had worse, from this same elf, and he could and would endure now, regardless of the intense sting. "What were you thinking, Elrond? Attempting to pull a prank that would be cause for humiliation on the part of a guest?!" The Vanya smacked the paddle down sharply on first one thigh and then the other, noting the slight squirm it caused from the recipient. "It wasn't meant to humiliate him, Glorfy," Elrond protested through slightly gritted teeth. "Professor Dumbledore is a guest, not to mention a friend, and you know better than treating him with such disrespect, little boy." The spanking now moved to the sensitive crease where bottom and thigh met and there it stayed as Glorfindel continued to speak. "I am disappointed in your behavior, Elrond." The last comment hit the younger elf harder than the paddle and hurt more than the wood branding his bottom. Tears slipped out and after another hard smack a yelp was heard, coincidentally a mere second after one from the other sore bottomed young one on the other side of the room. Elrond could take many things without a flinch. Bearing the thought of disappointing the elf who now held him tight over his lap wasn't one of them. A whimpered, "I. . .I am s. . .sorry, Glorfy," heralded the acceptance of the deserved punishment. Elrond lowered his head and cried as Glorfindel proceeded to make his displeasure with his lord's actions very well known. For another few minutes strong arms doled out the necessary discipline to two sobbing, sore young ones before it was all over. Paddles were laid aside, clothes returned to normal positions, and both Severus and Elrond found themselves lifted and settled in the laps they had been face down over only a scarce moment earlier. Loving hands rubbed trembling backs and smoothed through raven hair, offering comfort as much as the quiet words that were spoken. "Hush now, my child. It is done and you took it very well," Albus soothed his armful of contrite young wizard. Severus, resting his head on Dumbledore's shoulder, face half hidden, got his crying under control enough to manage words that were not too terribly broken by sobs. "I'm s-sorry, sir. Tr-truly!" "I know that, Severus. And it is all forgiven now, my child." Nodding, Severus hugged the older wizard tightly. "Thank you, sir." Glorfindel looked down at the dark head buried against his chest and smiled to himself as he spoke gently to his repentant young one, "It is alright now, pen-neth. You have been punished and forgiven." The tears had nearly stopped and Elrond took a last deep slightly tremulous breath before raising his head and looking up at the older elf lord. "I am sorry, Glorfy. I have not behaved as I should." "No, you have not," the Vanya commented, tucking a strand of raven hair behind one of Elrond's ears and then wiping a tear from his young one's face. "But that has been dealt with and you will not be repeating it, will you, little boy?" Elrond shook his head. "No, sir." The golden head nodded as Glorfindel gave Elrond a squeeze. He held the younger elf for several more minutes before looking down at him. He knew that Elrond would not have to be reminded of what needed to come next to end things and in all honesty he did not think Severus would need it either. The thing now was to allow both boys to reach the point where they had had enough immediate reassurance to finish things. Severus squirmed slightly on Dumbledore's lap. He was feeling a bit better for the most part and his eyes sought Elrond only to find his friend looking back at him. As black eyes met grey the two seemed to share an unspoken acknowledgement. Without a word to their mentors, each younger one slid from the arms that held them and crossed the room. As they passed each other Elrond and Severus reached out and give each other a firm squeeze on the shoulder and each managed a watery smile before proceeding on to their destination. Dark eyes looked up at the golden elf lord as Severus apologized, "I am sorry about the attempt to change your hair color, Lord Glorfindel. It was a foolish thing to do and I regret my actions." "You are forgiven, young one," Glorfindel stated with a smile as he pulled Severus into a hug. "Just be certain to remember this lesson in the future. I rather like my hair as it is." "Yes, sir." Severus grinned as he returned the hug. "Professor Dumbledore, I apologize for my lack of manners and the disrespect that was offered to you by the foolish prank which was attempted," Elrond offered to the wizard. "It will never happen again and I assure you, sir, that I never meant to be disrespectful." Albus chuckled, his eyes twinkling as he put his arms around the young elf lord and held him close. "Oh, child, I well know that you did not mean the disrespect. I freely forgive you for your mischief." "Thank you, sir." Elrond smiled and embraced the white haired human. "Now that this unpleasantness is finished, I believe I would enjoy a walk," Dumbledore commented. "Who would like to join me?" The others all agreed and soon four figures were strolling slowly through the gardens of Imladris, the pace partly to enjoy the flora and partly because of two aching backsides.