not stick around and try to play heroes!" "I could have saved that city. I just needed more time!" "In case you hadn't noticed, time was not something we had a lot of. I told you going there was a bad idea!" "And when, pray tell, did you become an expert in military strategy?" "I'm not saying I'm an expert..." A new voice broke into their argument. "I believe I am an expert." They both turned and stared at Faramir. He was almost slumped in his saddle with dark rings around his eyes, but he had a determined set to his jaw. "I may not have your skill with weapons or be a master of men, Boromir, but I am most certainly an expert in strategy. The lady is right. The city was lost before you arrived, Nazgul or no. If it had been more than just the two of you riding to our rescue we might have stood a chance, but look around you. These men are exhausted. You would have led them all to their deaths." Maybe he just needed to hear it from his brother. Boromir's expression lost all of its stubborn fight and he sighed, rubbing his face. "You are right, Faramir. You are the strategist. I have always deferred to your wisdom in such situations. I am too rash, I suppose. I see hope where clearly hope has failed." "Not all hope has failed," Faramir said, clasping his brother's shoulder, a relieved grin spreading over his tired face, "You are alive. Father will be overjoyed to hear it." "Mel!" Mel perked up when she heard her name, in a small voice that still somehow carried over the sounds of the soldiers, a voice that she'd know anywhere. She finally spotted a white horse making its patient way toward them and two little hands waving frantically in the air. Mel smiled and pushed her way toward Gandalf and Pippin. The hobbit was practically bouncing with excitement. "Mel, I knew you'd be here, I just knew it! Everyone's been worried sick about you, but I told them that as soon as we got here I knew you'd turn up and here you are too! I'm awfully glad to see you, Mel, really I am, to tell you the truth I was a little worried myself, but it's alright now isn't it?" Mel smiled and ruffled the hobbit's hair. "I told you everything would be alright, Pip. Doesn't anyone ever listen to me?" "So, Melody Calenhiril, still alive I see." Mel turned her smile up to the wizard, trying his best to look grumpy but not really succeeding. "I'm glad to see you too, Gandalf. You have no idea how glad." Gandalf finally gave up the pretense and returned her smile. He looked… younger. Despite the white hair and beard, there was an energy about him that he hadn't had as Gandalf the Grey. He seemed less like an old man and more like an ageless entity. "I like your new look," she said, only half-joking, "White's your color." Gandalf's face took on a tinge of amusement and he opened his mouth as if to reply, but then his eyes flitted behind her and the humor vanished, replaced by a carefully guarded expression. "So," he murmured, "You have truly rewritten the song." Mel looked behind her. Boromir and Faramir were making their way toward them. She looked into Gandalf's troubled face without shame or apology. "I was given a choice. I chose life." The wizard nodded, but his eyes remained on Boromir. "I know of your choices. But life is not always so simple." He finally met her eyes and something she saw there told her he knew everything. He knew about Mandos and her ultimatum, a life for a life. He knew that she was going to have to let someone die… "Mithrandir!" Faramir's voice rang across the courtyard, "They broke our defenses. They've taken the bridge and the west bank. Battalions of orcs are crossing the river." "It is as Lord Denethor predicted," A soldier said, "Long has he foreseen this doom!" Gandalf glared at the man, "Foreseen and done nothing!" He turned his horse to better face Faramir, revealing Pippin to him for the first time. Mel watched Faramir's eyes widen in surprise, but Pip only had eyes for his brother. "Boromir!" he shouted happily. Boromir grinned and ruffled the hobbit's hair as Mel had done just a few moments ago. "Hello there, Master Peregrin! What are you doing in my city? And where is your faithful companion, Meriadoc? Getting into trouble I imagine, the two of you will bring Minas Tirith tumbling down from the inside if left to your own devices for long." Pippin's face fell, "Merry... We… We left Merry with the others in Rohan." "Rohan, you say! Why you've been quite the traveler of late haven't you?" Gandalf's shrewd eyes were fixed on Faramir, who had not taken his surprised gaze from Pippin even once. "This is not the first halfling to have crossed your path…" Boromir turned to stare at his brother. "Faramir?" Faramir glanced up at his older brother and then dropped his eyes, as if he were embarrassed. Boromir looked at Mel, his eyes asking her the question he obviously wanted to ask his brother. Pippin's enthusiastic voice broke the silence. "You've seen Frodo and Sam!" Faramir nodded, once again glancing at his brother. Boromir just stared at him in shock. "Where? When?" Gandalf asked, his face awash with relief. "In Ithilien, not two days ago," Faramir met the wizard's eyes, "Gandalf, they were taking the road to the Morgul Vale." Gandalf's face fell, "…and then the pass of Cirith Ungol." Mel felt eyes burning into her and she looked up. Boromir was glaring at her. Mel felt something cold knot up in her chest. Great, what had she managed to screw up this time? "Faramir," Gandalf said, an edge of panic in his voice, "Tell me everything."