their little house overlooking the orchard, and it was time to get dressed and properly greet this new day in this new life, far from the life she had lived as Melody Bernston, or even Melody Calenhiril. There was so much to do, and the work was good. Mel was happy. Maybe later they would discuss the Valar's quest, perhaps after harvest time, or maybe in the spring… but later. It would wait until later. " Son of Gondor!" The deep, booming voice echoed in the blank whiteness that surrounded Boromir. He looked in all directions, and saw nothing. He knew that voice, the voice of death, the voice of Mandos. But instead of fear, a shot of fury pierced him at the sound of that hated voice. " Why do you call me by a title which you stripped away?" he shouted into the void, "Why do you disturb my peace and then refuse to face me?" " That title is not tied to mortal birthright," Mandos answered him, "It is not a thing which can be wiped away, erased, or forgotten. It is a burning brand upon your heart and even now you feel it. As for my appearance…" A dark form slowly melted out of the blank white before Boromir, large and imposing and only barely coalesced. " You should tremble in the presence of even this base form before you dare accuse me of cowardice." The voice was calm, but Boromir could feel the darkness of its intent and it made him pause. When he spoke again, it was with chilling calm, rather than hot rage. " Why have you called me here?" " You know why." Melody. It was Melody that they wanted, that they always wanted. " We have given you everything," Boromir said, "Is that not enough?" He had meant for the words to be angrier, but some of his sorrow, his loss, crept into his voice unbidden. For the first time since he was a child, he was truly happy. And now everything that he had worked and fought and bled for, everything that he had sacrificed to save, was to be taken from him again, as it had been so many times before. When Mandos answered, his voice was gentler, and Boromir could imagine that somehow, his plight might have touched the Valar. " We do not seek more payment from you, Son of Gondor. The ledger of debt between us is cleared. I come on behalf of my sister, the Mother of the one you love, and she asks not for payment, but assistance for the remainder of her daughters who are lost in the world." Despite his reluctance and despising of the Valar and all that they had done, Boromir's interest was piqued. " Other daughters?" " The keepers of the forests, the shepherds of the trees, the children of Yavanna separated by leagues of grief and misunderstanding." Shepherds of the trees… The Ents? But that meant… " You wish us to seek out the Entwives." Even as the words left his lips, he knew they were true. If there was any task that would be set to Calenhiril, it would be to seek out the lost daughters of Yavanna, the lost wives of the Ents, the protectors of the forest. " My sister weeps for their loss," Mandos said, "And the Calenhiril feels it as well, though she may not yet know its true nature." " Why ask me?" Boromir said, "What need have you of my consent?" " Because your consent is what the Calenhiril requires," Mandos said , "It is your happiness that hinders her from her purpose. She pushes her own feelings aside for yours, in all things. That is the nature of love." She had been thinking of him. That was why it had taken her so long to reveal the nature of her dreams. Concern for him. What else had she been suppressing, keeping hidden even from herself? " This is the charge that has been given to the Calenhiril, even since the beginning," Mandos said, "This is the purpose that was meant for her, the path she was meant to take. And now it is your charge as well." The vision was fading. Boromir could feel wakefulness coming upon him, even as the last words of the Valar echoed in the void of his dreams. " Find the Entwives… Protect the Calenhiril… Do this, and you will find freedom…" Boromir's eyes opened to darkness. It was still night. He could hear the chirping of cicadas, the hoot of an owl. He felt Melody's body pressed to him, his arm around her, her brown curls brushing his neck. He could feel her breathing, steady and peaceful. He took a slow breath through his nose and let it out carefully, so as not to disturb her sleep. She so rarely seemed to have peaceful sleep anymore. Was that his fault? Was his anger, his resistance to the Valar, the reason for her disturbance? He could not stand the thought that he might, even unknowingly, be the cause of her discomfort, not now, not after everything they had faced and survived. He would do anything, anything to ensure that she never suffered again. Even if that meant putting aside old grudges from a past life. He leaned down and pressed a gentle kiss to the top of her head, her hair soft on his lips. Despite his care, she stirred under his touch. "We're going, aren't we?" Her words were soft in the still night air, touched with the edge of sleep, but clear and sure. Boromir sighed and wrapped his other arm around her, pulling her closer to him. "Yes, my love," he whispered. She didn't say anything in reply, but she didn't have to. Her body relaxed against him and her contented sigh was all the answer Boromir needed. The next morning, there were two, fully tacked horses grazing peacefully outside their door.