he placed flour, sugar, and fresh cool butter in a bowl and with his fingers, mixed the ingredients into a crumbly dough. He painstakingly kneaded small handfuls until his fingers ached and the dough was smooth and unified. He placed this in the tart pan and pressed it into the bottom and sides and pricked it with a fork. He placed dried beans in the tart and put it in the oven to let the crust bake without overcooking. When the crust was partly baked, Sam took it from the oven and poured the beans out of it. He placed the other half of the berries in the crust and covered them with the warm berry mixture. He placed this back in the oven and baked it until the crust was golden brown and the filling was bubbling. He set the tart in the open kitchen window to cool off. Several hours later, it was time to leave for the fair. Sam carefully wrapped his tart in cloth and held it in his lap while Aunt May drove the wagon. When they arrived at the fair, it wasn't difficult to find the canopy where the receipt contest was being held, as it was in the very centre, the focal point of the fair. Sam dropped off his tart and went off by himself to explore. He watched the young children run the three-legged race. They laughed and had fun falling over each other. He walked past groups of women gossiping and men talking about the weather and its effect on this year's coming harvest. He ran into Merry, Frodo's cousin, at the lemonade stand. They walked around for a while, sipping glasses of the tart beverage and looking for pretty girls. They wondered who would get a girl first, Merry was very out-going and good looking, but Sam was very kind and sweet. Things were growing tense between the two when Vera and Vula, the Boffin twins, found them and each took and arm of one of the boys. Soon, the two couples sat at a table, eating strawberries and other foods offered at the food stalls. A few hours later, Sam bid the group farewell as he raced off to the receipt canopy, for judging began in a few minutes. As he approached the canopy, he found Aunt May and his parents talking to each other. Belle smiled as she saw her son for the first time in two weeks. She gave him a big hug and a kiss on the forehead. Sam blushed with embarrassment. Hamfast greeted his son by asking if he'd behaved himself at his aunt's. Aunt May told them how he was a perfect guest and was welcome to visit whenever he wanted. Sam walked to the canopy to watch the judges try all the entries. His competition was quite varied, from Peony Longbottom's tomato soup to Lobelia Sackville-Baggin's zucchini bread, to Ponto Proudfoot's strawberry jam. Sam was the youngest contestant, but he still felt he stood a chance to place in the top five entries. Bilbo Baggins, Old Rory Brandybuck, and Paladin Took were the judges and went from entry to entry, tasting, talking, and conferring with each other. The entries had numbers assigned to them so the judges wouldn't know whose was whose. After what felt like an eternity, the judges had made their decisions. They looked at the list of names and numbers so they could announce the winners. Bilbo called for the crowd's attention while Paladin and Old Rory held onto the ribbons. Bilbo announced the first three winners and the crowd clapped for each one. When Sam didn't hear his name called for fifth, fourth, or third place, he almost gave up hope. There was no way his tart would take anything higher than that. His confidence dropped even more as Peony Longbottom was announced as the second place winner. Sam was breathless as Bilbo opened his mouth to announce the first place winner. "And the first place prize for the Annual Four Farthing Fair Receipt contest is..." Bilbo paused for so long, Sam thought he might pass out from holding his breath. "Samwise Gamgee and his delicious blackberry lavender tart with a shortbread crust!" Sam's jaw dropped open and his eyes grew wide with shock. He felt light-headed as he approached the judges and shook their hands. Old Rory handed him the green ribbon which Sam held gingerly, wanting to keep it clean. Bilbo gave him a warm hug and exclaimed, "I'm so proud of you boy!" Sam thanked him and hugged him back. He ran to his family who congratulated him with hugs and kisses. Hamfast even went so far as to clap him on the back and say, "You did pretty good for yourself, son." These words meant more to Sam than his ribbon or anything else in the world. Sam's head was buzzing when the time came to go home. He wasn't used to so much attention and being shy, he was quite overwhelmed. He also had to say goodbye to Aunt May. He was sad to leave her, for he had come to care for her and wanted to stay in touch with her. Sam walked side by side with Hamfast to the wagon. He turned to his father, and asked him, "Gaffer, do you think you could show me some of your football moves? Aunt May told me you were very good." Hamfast stopped, looked at his son, surprise showing on his face. To Sam's amazement, his father actually put his arm around his shoulders and pulled him into a hug. "That would be wonderful, how about tomorrow?" "I can't wait," Sam replied. United once again, the Gamgee family drove home in silence, content with each other's presence. That evening, Sam put his green ribbon at the foot of his bed and fell asleep with that image in his mind. The next day, he and his father enjoyed a fun game of football together.