sorry, it was just a trick. Dolly's in my room. I just wanted to make you confess." Pippin continued to cry, so hard that Pearl ran to her room and returned with Dolly and placed her in his arms. He finally began to calm down. Pearl felt so bad that she made a brand new plum pie for pudding that night. That night, a well-fed Pippin sat in his nice warm bed with Dolly while listening for his sister's reactions to their rooms. He heard Pervinca yell when she found her dismembered doll's body sitting on the shelf where it always sat. But she wasn't too angry; it wasn't one of her favourites. She kept those hidden away; she knew better. He heard Pimpernel's scream as she discovered the gift he left for her in her bed. Her screaming continued and he got out of bed and went to her room. He knew she wouldn't touch in and picked it up and threw it out her window. Pimpernel was a good spirit and only yelled at him for a short time before throwing him out of her room. The next day went much more smoothly with Pippin volunteering to help the girls clean the hole. Mother and father were very pleased at how nice and clean the hole was when they returned home that evening. The events of the weekend were kept a secret from their parents, and they never suspected a thing. 3.) Several months later, on one seemingly ordinary day, Pippin was at his friend Milo Proudfoot's house playing. Milo was an only child, but his mother, Rosa, was about to have a baby soon—very soon. That afternoon, while the two boys played with wooden soldiers in Milo's room, Rosa realized that her baby was coming. She hadn't been feeling well all day and now she knew why. Anson, her husband, was up in Hobbiton on business and she was home alone with two ten-year old boys. Walking to Milo's room, she tried to stay calm in her pain. She was hoping to send Pippin off to get Marigold Chubb, the midwife and bring her back. But Milo panicked and ran out the door for Marigold, leaving Pippin behind with Rosa. Pippin had seen plenty of animals have babies, and figured a hobbit probably wasn't that much different. He put his arm around Rosa's waist and helped her walk to her bedroom. He had to stop several times because of Rosa's pain. He felt her pain as well because during these times, Rosa would dig her fingers into his shoulder and groan loudly. Finally they made it and Pippin helped her into the bed. He ran around the hole and gathered supplies that he had seen adults gather for births he had attended, like scissors, string, blankets, towels, and boiling water. When Pippin returned to the bedroom, he ran to Rosa and held her hand while she cried out in pain. Most people would have been scared during this time, but Pippin found it terribly exciting. It got even more exciting when Rosa told Pippin, "I don't think I can wait for Marigold, Pippin, this baby's coming now!" "What should I do?" Wide-eyed Pippin asked. "You're going to have to help me. I'll tell you what to do, but you have to stay calm. You're going to see things you're not used to and you can't panic. Do you understand?" "Yes," Pippin replied, taking a deep breath. "All right. You need to look under my skirt and tell me what you see." Pippin looked traumatized at the idea of doing this, but the insistence in Rosa's voice caused him to obey. He pulled her skirt up over her knees and peeked at her through half-closed eyes. He felt the room spin and start to go black. "Ooh, that's disgusting, I think I'm going to be sick," he moaned, trying to keep his lunch safely in his stomach. He didn't know what he saw; hobbits looked very different from animals. He told Rosa this as calmly as possible. This didn't seem to help her out very much. "Ok, you've seen how animals give birth; it's pretty much the same thing..." With that Rosa grimaced in pain, and started to push. She yelled out in great pain; Pippin, with his hands on her knees, cried out as well at the same time while he watched what was happening. He could see something come out. Rosa pushed for a long time and finally what he assumed was the head was out. Rosa pushed again and Pippin held onto the baby's head, supporting it. After several more pushes, the neck, then a shoulder, and then the whole body popped out. It was a girl! Pippin was breathless with excitement and took a moment to calm himself down. He took a deep breath and almost choked on the thick iron smell that had filled the room from all the blood. Rosa was exhausted and out of breath as well, so Pippin took the baby to a nearby table where all the supplies were. He tied off the cord in two spots with string and cut in between them, setting her free. Then he cleaned her gently and slapped her bottom which made her cry. Her lungs filled with air and she screamed with all her might. It was a beautiful sound. He carefully wrapped her in a blanket and brought her back to Rosa. It was at this moment that Milo and Marigold arrived to see a perfect, adorable, chubby girl resting with her mother. Marigold was shocked that Pippin had taken care of this by himself and lavished him with praise. Pippin cleaned himself up as best he could and Marigold took care of Rosa and the baby. Pippin was quite the hometown hero, with the news of his heroism reaching all the way from Hobbiton to Buckland. Everybody was quite proud of him. He was quite proud of himself as well.