steady beat of drums filled the valley. There was only one thing left to do. I leapt to my feet and turned about to face my village. " RUN! There's no time, GO NOW!" I screamed as loud as I could. People came pouring out of their huts and paused for merely a second as the sound of the drums filled their ears. " GO!" I screamed, but it was to late, they would never make it out alive, none of us would, but by the gods I would take as many Octinians' down with me as I could. I turned back just as the Octinians' began their charge. I unsheathed my swords the blades ringing as true as freedom through the air. I flipped them both in my hands my fingers falling into their all to familiar spots upon their hilt. I charged forward a deafening battle cry erupting from deep with in me. I was one woman against an entire army. Nothing but a flea up on their mighty backs. I collided with my first Hadrian thrusting one blade into his gut and spinning round to decapitate the man next to him. I blocked a blow coming from the left, aimed directly for my head, I dropped down and swept the feet of the three closest men out from underneath them. I leapt back to my feet, spinning my blades as I did, trying desperately to injure as many men as possible. They were all beginning to close in, pressing around me like a suffocating wall. Soon I wouldn't be able to move at all. I quickly abandoned my swords for the rather large knife I had placed back with in my boot. I lashed out randomly striking anything with in reach. I heard the cries of the villagers as the army swept over them like a wave of death. However it was one cry of agony that made me pause. I would recognize my fathers voice anywhere. The cry became strangled and then abruptly stopped. It was almost as if life itself had paused for that one brief moment of agony. Everything seemed to slow as his image flashed before my eyes. I was pulled from my stupor by a powerful blow to my face. I stumbled backwards and tripped over one of the men I had killed and fell into a heap on the ground. I spit the blood from my mouth and moved to stand again only to be stopped by the point of a sword at my neck. I froze, this was it, this is how I would meet my end. I dropped my knife at the mans feet and spit upon them. He punched me in the face and I felt the sickening crack of my cheek as I fell yet again. Blood trickled down my chin and neck, my clothing was covered in the blood of Octinians'. " Get up!" The man whispered harshly. I didn't move. He went to kick me in the gut but I grabbed his foot and twisted with all my might. I grabbed the dagger from the ground and swiftly slit his throat. Blood erupted from his neck and sprayed my clothing, coating me in yet another layer of blood. I went to take down another but was thrown back by a force I hadn't seen. I looked down and there protruding from my shoulder was the shaft of an arrow that was berried deep with in me. I bent down to pick up my sword but was shot in the other shoulder and was unceremoniously thrown to my knees upon the blood soaked earth. My dagger fell from my trembling hand. I strained to pick it up but my fingers fumbled uselessly. I stumbled to my feet, my arms stiff and tense with pain. I stood alone in the middle of an enemy army crippled and defenseless. " Well, well, well what do we have here?" a man said, who I assumed to be some sort of leader. He was dressed richly, his armor a shining silver with virtually no blood on its' pristine surface. Slowly he unsheathed his sword and put it to my neck. He circle d round me like a tiger stalking its quarry. His sword making a thin red line upon the flesh of my neck. His eyes roaming over my shaking form. He was suddenly up on me in two long strides. He gripped my hair in his hands and through back my head, retching my neck into an excruciating position. I stiffened trying my hardest to stay on my feet. His sword pressing down on my neck, so close was it that if I took a breath it would surely slit my throat. A new figure entered my line of view this man was dressed and looked similarly like the other. " On your knees." Hissed the man at my side, his grasp on my head pulling me over and shoving me to the ground. I fell hard, the shafts of the arrows hit the ground and jarred them into an awkward angle. I cried out in pain my voice sounding to harsh to even my own ears. " I said on your knees!" This time his voice was at a booming roar. I made no move and as I expected he kicked me in the side. " Wench!" he cried " On your knees...bow before the King!" ' The King' I thought ' The King of Octinia, was here, standing before me.' He kicked me again, I groaned and rolled to my side so I was facing their King. " I bow to no man, let a lone a King who..." My sentence was cut off by a boot connecting with my already broken cheek. The last thing I remember was the metallic taste of blood seeping into my mouth and the face of the Octinian King. We'll that's the end of chapter one. Thanks for reading and reviewing.