amount of concern for her he held onto throughout the years. Sometimes, she regretted ever making his acquaintance. She took some deep breaths, trying to get the red, angry color to recede from her face before replying. "Lord Elrond specifically gave this task to me, and I wish to do well by him. Please, Strider. I cannot ask for anyone to accompany me, for we both know Alascene can run faster than all of them. I am not looking for fights as I contact your brothers; I go simply as a messenger to prepare them, should the need arise!" He studied her then, the gleam of determination in her eyes and also how closed she had just become to him. Her life had not been easy, he knew, and somewhere, deep in his gut, he knew she would be fine to take care of herself on her own. The matter still persisted, though, because he truly would be devastated if anything happened to her. They had been dear friends for the past five years, and he did not want all of it to be for naught. He sighed, rubbing his eyes and relenting. He never won against her anyway. "Pack a fur cloak for Forochel, for it is extremely cold. Lothrandir is very strange for requesting to study and to guard that area." A grin spread over her face, and she offered her hand. He clasped it firmly, the clap resounding in the stall. "I will be sure to do so, Strider. I have already met Ranadir and Candaith, and informed them of the situation. They are ready to move at a moment's notice. Lord Elrond will send them ravens if the time arises. Ranadir was such a solemn man, and Candaith much like him; I hope not all of your kin are as such? I must have people who are willing to partake in some mischief!" He smiled, and after that, they fell into easy conversation. Strider asked where she had been, and how his kin were doing. Saerthwyn did her best to answer his questions as she braided Alascene's mane, but made sure to leave out the details of her fighting escapades. That would only start another argument. "Ah, I have forgotten! How silly of me." Saerthwyn thumped her palm on her forehead in mock jest, dramatically looking to her saddlebags. "The lady sent something with me for you, in case we were to meet." She laughed as Strider straightened himself up, chest puffing up just a little. Digging out the sliver of cloth, she placed it into his hands and curled his fingers around it. "She said it was a preview of a future gift." Already knowing what it was, Saerthwyn grabbed the bucket of oats from the ground and shook it, immediately grabbing Alascene's attention. The big mare turned and stuck her snout right into the bucket, eating heartily of her well earned treat. Saerthwyn scratched her neck, watching her horse fondly. A silence fell over the two, both caught up in their own thoughts. Saerthwyn thought of the road ahead, and pushed the thoughts of the road behind away. Those memories would not help her now. Alascene finished her bucket of oats and snuffed Saerthwyn's pockets for more. She pushed her head aside jokingly, before giving her a good pat and wishing her friend a good sleep. Alascene bumped her head against Saerthwyn's back, to say goodnight, and retreated to the far corner to sleep. Replacing her damp cloak and cowl onto her head and shoulder, and grabbing her tack and saddlebags, Saerthwyn hefted them onto her arm while Strider opened the door for her, and they both made their way back to the Pony together, Saerthwyn offering to buy her friend a drink and he politely declining. They entered the Prancing Pony and Saerthwyn excused herself to deposit her saddle in her room. It was nicely sized, and the bed did not seem to have many bugs in it, and for that, she was pleased. Dropping the tack in a corner of the room, she tapped around on the floorboards until she found a loose one and pried it up with one of her daggers, placing her saddlebags in the underneath compartment. Grabbing a few spare coins, she trotted out of the door, making sure to lock it with the key provided. Now that she had possessions in her life, she was very protective of them and never wanted to lose any of them! She jumped back down the stairs and dodged the groping hand of a drunkard and nudged him to the side to slip around him. Once she was out of his line of sight, the drunk didn't care, and went back to chasing the barmaid. Plopping into the chair adjacent of Strider, she motioned for a drink before lounging back in her chair and observing the room. The cheer, the merriment, the laughter; it was not something Saerthwyn got to experience often, and a genuine smile was worming its way onto her face underneath her cowl. The door opened, but no one walked in; Saerthwyn furrowed her eyebrows until she sucked in a deep breath. Strider slid his eyes over to her, over his smoking pipe, watching her. She felt all the happiness previously felt leave her in a gust, her stomach dropping to her feet. Then the four halflings came into her view, and she knew the danger was with them. Fighting the dread, she grasped the tankard of ale that was passed to her and kicked her feet up on the table, trying to still her fast beating heart and maintain a normal facade. The night was going to be a rather long one, and as she caught Strider's inquisitive glance and nodded, the dread simply grew, and she sensed that this night would not be kind to her. "Well," she sighed, and took a long swig of her ale. "It looks like your party of four have arrived."