you in the entrance hall." "Thank you." Faramir set his book down on the desk and followed the gatekeeper to the entrance hall, where a maid had just taken a light summer cloak from the slender Elf woman who stood there. When she caught sight of Faramir, she dropped a graceful curtsey. "Lord Faramir," she said in a low voice. "My thanks for your hospitality tonight." "You are most welcome, Lady Doronrîn," he said. "My lady wife is currently occupied putting our children to bed, but she will join us momentarily. In the meantime, may I inquire if you have dined this evening?" "I have eaten." "Doronrîn!" Éowyn appeared at the top of the staircase, a delighted smile on her face as she hurried down. "It is wonderful to see you again. Faramir, where are your manners, keeping our guest cooling her heels in the entryway? Come, we shall go into the drawing room. Has my husband offered you something to drink?" She extended a welcoming hand, and ushered them into the drawing room. Doronrîn eased her pack from her shoulders. "Lord Faramir had no time to do more than greet me," she said. "However, perhaps this evening, it is I who shall offer something to drink." She pulled two bottles of wine from her pack and offered them to Faramir and Éowyn. "My Lord Legolas bade me bring these to you with his greetings. He has also written a letter." This she extracted from her sleeve and handed to Faramir. "Thank you. I shall read it first thing in the morning, when I am able to act on whatever news Legolas writes." Faramir examined the bottles of wine. "This is a treat. From the Elvish vineyards?" Doronrîn nodded. "It is our latest vintage." "Then we must try it. Éowyn, will you bring glasses?" Éowyn moved to a cupboard while Faramir used his belt knife to open one of the bottles. He poured the deep red wine into the glasses that Éowyn set before him, then raised his own high. "To the Elves of Ithilien, who have restored the valley to its former beauty and fruitfulness, and whose vineyards produce wine to lighten and restore our spirits." He sipped the wine and rolled it around experimentally in his mouth. "Is our Elvish drink to your liking?" Doronrîn asked, sipping at her own glass. "Indeed. There is a certain body to this wine that I like very much indeed. It is rich and smooth. I think your vintners' skills are improving. Éowyn, what say you?" Éowyn drank, then shrugged. "It is good wine." She took another sip. Doronrîn lifted her chin. "I see that you do not waste words, Éowyn. You simply drink. That is perhaps a more honest compliment to the wine." Éowyn laughed. "I would not be so sure of that. I was raised to drink ale, not wine. I fear that I never developed my husband's sensitivity of taste. I can say no more than that I like a wine or that I do not like it." "That is a finer start than most," Doronrîn said. "How long will you stay in Minas Tirith?" Faramir asked. Doronrîn considered the question. "I do not know. I do not intend to visit the city itself. My purpose is primarily to examine Ninniach and answer any questions the Queen may have concerning her care. Perhaps a few days, but no more than that." "I know that Mistress Ioreth would be delighted to see you again," Éowyn said. "She would love to have you in residence at the Houses of Healing, to teach your lore about herbs and midwifery to the young healers there. She was impressed by your skills, and has sent me several messages asking after you." "Mistress Ioreth is quite competent in her own right," Doronrîn replied. "Indeed, in the matter of midwifery to the Secondborn, she is far more experienced than I. She has no cause to be ashamed of her own skills." "You know that," Éowyn said, "and I know that. And I believe that Mistress Ioreth knows it as well. But she is always eager to learn bits of ancient lore and see that others learn it as well. And I think also that she considers you a friend and would like to visit with you for friendship's sake." "Ioreth is an old woman, as Men reckon age," Faramir put in. "Many of the friends of her childhood and youth have died, and I think she is lonely at times. It would cheer her heart to have you visit for a time." Doronrîn blinked, then looked thoughtful. "I had not considered that. I have lost many people I loved, but I suppose that mortals would lose more. Mistress Ioreth is a good person, and I do not wish to cause her grief. If she wishes, perhaps I will extend my visit." "She would appreciate that very much," Éowyn said. "If nothing else, she will have a new audience for her stories about her latest grandson." "I will not mind," Doronrîn said. "I might even go so far as to return the favor, for I myself will once again be a grandmother in a year's time. Saelind, my daughter, has decided at last that Ithilien is a safe place to live, and has chosen to bear another child." Éowyn's face split into a broad grin. "Oh, Doronrîn, that is wonderful!" she cried. "My congratulations to you and your daughter." Faramir looked at Doronrîn's smooth, ageless face, bright eyes and dark hair, and snickered into his wine glass. "I only wish that I could see the look upon Mistress Ioreth's face when she realizes that you have grandchildren," he said. "I think she has not yet comprehended your true age." "Then that will be something else for her to learn about the Elves," Doronrîn said calmly. "I think that I will enjoy that lesson. Perhaps my stay in Minas Tirith will not be merely a duty after all."