he still needs and wants good hobbit food and plain hobbit comforts, like a feather-bed with clean sheets and plumped pillows, or plain mushroom soup, not made all fancy, just good plain simple mushroom soup that'll set real fine on a touchy stomach. They don't know when he'll ever be well again, if he will at all, the healers here don't, not even the King, who knows more about that kind of thing than anybody else here, learned it special, and took care of both of us when they brought us down from that mountain. It breaks my heart in two, Da, that he put this stuff, this special cream, on my hands and arms and legs and feet and made it so I don't have a mark on me, but Mr. Frodo has scars that I reckon he'll carry till the day he dies, from what we're told, and there ain't nothing any of us can do about it! Stri The King says he couldn't do any more for Mr. Frodo than he did, that bringing him back was the best anybody could do, Mr. Frodo was that near gone, but it's still a right shame, we all agree. What Mr. Frodo did was for all of us. It's a shame he has to have any hurt for it. I guess what I'm trying to say, Da, is that the War may not seem like it was about simple things or our things or anything to do with us. But it was. And that's what took us here. That's what Mr. Frodo came for. Because some problems are everybody's problems, even if they don't seem like it right off, I reckon. Remember the year Daddy Twofoot decided he was going to try and build a little dam up there, hold off that creek? And then it all came back on most of Bagshot Row and flooded folks out? We were bailing water out of kitchens and gardens for days. Dad Twofoot couldn't show his face near the Dragon or the Bush for months without folks having fits, remember? This was kind of like that, only bigger, and the one trying to do it was doing it all for spite, to be wicked, not just to try something that might make his life better. He knew how bad it was. And he did it anyway. And Mr. Frodo was the only one in the world brave enough to do the most important part of trying and stopping him: destroying the one thing that would give him the chance to get his way forever and ever. O, there were lots of other brave folk, and they've all become real dear to all of us. They've been good to us. There's more good in the world than bad, there's the truth of it. But Da, Mr. Frodo's the best of them all, even though he'd never say it, or want me to. I have to say it because it's true. I don't know when we'll be back, but I'll come as soon as I can. Once we're back, I'll come and see you directly, soon as I can leave Mr. Frodo for just a little, so I can be with you and Marigold for a bit and give you your presents I'll be bringing. Don't you go fussing about the expense, and me getting above myself, cause I can hear you already, but the King keeps insisting that when we go, we're to go with anything we would like to have as reward, and he and Faram the Steward keep talking all this gold and jools nonsense even for me that I wouldn't have no idea what to do with more than nothing. Mr. Frodo says there's nothing wrong with my accepting every last bit of it, that I've more than earned it, but if it really bothers me so badly, he's sure we can work something out, so I've been talking to Faramir (the Steward) and I think we're getting somewhere, including some of the prettiest hair-ribbons you ever did see for Marigold and some good-smelling stuff from their healers to help with your creak-joints. (I've enclosed some of them pretty hair-ribbons now so you know I'm telling the truth. They're made of a special material that's sold over in the East and couldn't be traded for before the War ended. That green one's something - the colour of ferns, don't you think, Da?) I do wish you could meet him; he's right practical for a Big Person sometimes and he's in a good part of our story and in my favourite part because it's when Mr. Frodo was still laughing and smiling a little and all. He's starting to do that again, but not near enough for my liking. Not near enough. Mr. Frodo says he'd like to write something to you, or rather have it written down for him and then sign it as his handwriting still ain't all that back to snuff yet, so instead of setting this out for the messenger I'm just going to wait until that's done because he wants his lunch now, and I'd best get him fed and comfortable since everything's just about ready save for sitting him up proper with pillows and making sure he's warm enough. I don't know when we'll get round to that because it depends how he's feeling. If he wants a nap in the garden this afternoon it'll be a fine day. If he don't, I'll just be glad he's et something. Hope it won't be too awful long till I see you and Marigold again. Hugs to her from her big brother. Your son, Samwise Gamgee (Additional Author's Note: For reference, I do think there are linguistic differences between Sam's written and spoken language-uses, and I also think there's some differentiation between his usage with, say, "Mr. Frodo" and with his father. . . . And this is just meant as a fun experiment. :D )