their clothes and Frodo got ready to leave, back to Bag End, but Sam's hands on his stopped him. "If yer don't mind Mr. Frodo, how about we sleep here tonight? I don't think I'm quite ready yet to face Rosie." And so they slept that night under the stars, by the river, safe and happy in each other's arms. The next morning the two lovers made their way back to Bag End. When they got there they found Rosie in the kitchen making breakfast. "Where in the name of Valar have you two been?" She put her hands on her hips and waited. Though something about her posture made Frodo think she already knew what was going on. She looked almost... defeated. "Rosie" Sam said sadly, he then took Frodo's hand and held it in his own and the one gesture in that moment said it all. Rosie's hands fell from her hips, her shoulders slumped forward and her head dropped, Frodo thought she was about to collapse, but she didn't. She sighed. "You know, Samwise, you really are..." she tried to sound angry but instead just gave up "... I don't know what you are." She finished. She lifted her head and looked at Frodo and her husband. "I feel like I should be angry, I feel like I should scream at you and hit you, but that's just it... I'm not angry... at least, not anymore. I thought I could change you, Sam, but you love Frodo and no one can change that; I've known it all this time and half of me thought you'd change and the other half was waiting for this moment." "I'm sorry, Rosie, you know I love you... but Frodo..." "It's alright, I know. I knew as soon as we got married that I wasn't the one for you; I just hope that one day I will find that one." Tears were shed by all three hobbits. "Rosie, I'm so sorry." Frodo said. "I know, dear, I feel like I should hate you – both of you - but I don't, I can't... I never could. I just wish you the best." She then raised her voice slightly, trying to bring some cheer back to the room. "Sam, you and I will go to the Hobbiton office today and cancel our marriage, but for the time being, let's all have some breakfast, it'll be ready any moment now." Soon enough the whole village knew about Sam and Frodo's relationship and to their complete and utter surprise, instead of being chased out of town by an angry mob, everyone had the same attitude as Rosie: "meh, we were expecting it." The only person who seemed to have a slight opposition to it was Hamfast and that was only because he felt he had to find a new male for both Enna and Rosie. Sam was no longer married and Rosie was back at the Cotton house; Frodo had offered her a room at Bag End but she said it would be best if she went back home. Secretly Frodo was please with this, now it was just him and Sam, the way he had always wanted it. It was a crisp October morning, the birds chirped merrily in the trees, leaves were beginning to fall from the branches leaving beautiful decorations of red, orange, yellow and brown, and the children outside all of a sudden started shouting "Gandalf! Gandalf!" Frodo and Sam ran out the door of Bag End and saw Gandalf on Shadowfax, followed by Merry and Pippin on ponies, another two ponies were behind them and at the rear were a group of children all trying to get a better look at Gandalf. "Sam, grab Bill the pony, we'll need one pony to carry our bags." Gandalf said with a smile on his face and a twinkle in his eye. "Where are we all going?" Asked Frodo. "Mirkwood." Gandalf replied. Then Pippin piped up "A Fellowship of the Ring reunion!" An hour later they were all on their way out of Hobbiton, the whole village had now gathered together, following the horses. "Hey, Gandalf," asked Pippin "what's this?" He nudged a rocket looking object in Gandalf's bag, curiously. All of a sudden the object shot up into the air and exploded into the shape of a multicoloured eagle that swooped down at the crowd before flying back up again. Suddenly there was a deafening bang and the eagle exploded into a shower of all the colours in Middle-Earth. Applauding, cheering and laughing came from the crowd, now satisfied by the firework. "Fool of a Took!" Gandalf waved his staff menacingly at Pippin. "I was saving that for later." The other three hobbits and Gandalf laughed but Pippin remained quiet, afraid of Gandalf's threat. "I'm so glad to be heading out on a journey again." Said Sam to Frodo. Frodo smiled at the sparkle in Sam's eyes. "Me too. I love you Samwise Gamgee." "I love you, Frodo Baggins." I hope you enjoyed that :) I'm pretty sure that if two male hobbits had a romantic relationship together that it wouldn't be acceptable, but I love happy endings, so let's all pretend that hobbits are okay with gays :P And I don't think Sam and Rosie would have been able to get a divorce in those times, but hey ho! It wasn't supposed to be so long, sorry if it dragged on a bit, or was boring, I was thinking of making it a two piece, but I really wanted it as just a oneshot. And I'm sorry the ending is rushed, to be honest I got a bit bored of writing this and just wanted to finish it. I may do a sequel when they're at the reunion with either Frodo and Sam or Merry and Pippin, but I'm not sure. I really hope you liked it and was worth your time, please review and tell me what you think! :)