now. I know how you must be feeling by now. I remember that I could not wait ..." "We know that well, dear brother, we were there," Haldred interrupted grinningly. "Come, we have a plan. The girls will create a diversion and we will sneak you out of here ..." And so they did. Théodwyn, Iolia and Ciera managed to get most of the room, young as old, involved in a traditional dance and under cover of this commotion, getting all the people onto the floor and arranged in the proper line up, Elfwine and Haldred led the newlyweds by an escape route to their new home – a house some hundred yards down the hill from the Golden Hall. When they reached the front door without being followed, Elfwine kissed his little sister's cheek and slapped his friend on the shoulder. "Now, enjoy yourselves, you two ... and remember, it will never be the same after the wedding night." He grinned. "And, Hama – if you need advice from an expert, now is the time to get it." Haldred shook his head. "Don't mind him, he's probably had too much ale." He grabbed hold of his older brother and started hauling him up the hill. "Don't worry, we'll keep everybody away." He, too, grinned at them. "Good night – and, ... no, I won't say anything ..." he said as he followed his brother. Hama took his wife in his arms. "Luckily I have known those two longer than I care to remember." He kissed her. "And I have so longed to be alone with you." He scooped her up in his arms. "And now to bed, wife." "A true Rohirrim." Bronwen giggled as she let herself be carried into the house. She had spent the last couple of months decorating the house together with her mother and Hama's mother, but it looked somehow differently now. Only a couple of candles lit up their bedroom. Somebody – Bronwen presumed that it was her sisters – had laid down the bed and set a tray with wine, fruit and cakes on the table in the room. A fire was burning in the fireplace and the scent of several flowers filled the room. Hama let her down. He kissed her again, this time softly and languidly. His voice was husky, as he said "Do you want some privacy to get ready for bed, my love?" She shook her head. "No, I want you here, close to me." She put her arms around his neck and moulded herself against him. Hama shivered. He was experienced, as she was not, and he had voiced this concern, although slightly hesitantly, to his best friend. Elfwine, although the older brother of the bride-to-be, had assured Hama that it would be alright. He had felt the same concern when marrying Celebrian. And as Hama felt his young wife mould against him and felt her kisses, the anxiety melted away and he just gave into the sensation, as he started untying the laces on her dress. --ooo000ooo— Back in the hall, Elfwine caught his father's eyes. He nodded imperceptibly and smiled. Éomer shook his head. So that what all this dancing had been about. He might have known that his sons would have something up their sleeves to ease the departure of the newlyweds. He grinned. Well, they would not be his sons if they had not. He went up to his wife who was watching their youngest son as he manoeuvred one of his cousins round the dance floor. He put his arm around her. "So, wife, only one to go. And I trust that it will be some time before this one will settle down." Lothíriel looked at her husband. "Aye, husband. Indeed I think that you are right, although you never know with that boy. Have they left?" she asked. "Aye, that was why Théodwyn went to so much trouble to start the dancing – and having everybody, even Aragorn, participating. It was simple battle strategy thought out – presumably by our second son – to allow the bride and groom to escape to their marital bliss." He paused for a moment. "This, indeed, sounds strange to say such a thing as it is our youngest daughter, I am talking about." Lothíriel pulled at him. "Come, let us get some fresh air, I think that you need that." They went out onto the terrace, overlooking the city. Éomer put his arm around his wife and she leaned against him. "Let us hope that they will be as happy as we have been," she said. "Have been," Éomer quipped. "I certainly hope that we still are, my Lady." She basked at him. "Ah, you know what I mean, you old lug." He crushed her against him. "Aye, I do know. And I am certain that they will. He is a good man – and she will make sure that they are – happy, I mean. She is so like her mother – in so many ways. Not that it will be a smooth road that they are heading out on ..." "No, she is too much her father's daughter for that," Lothíriel smiled. They remained standing there for a while looking out over the city, until Lothíriel reminded her husband that they still had a lot of guests to attend to and that everything would probably be alright in the house down the hill and that they did not need to keep watch. "Keep watch, no such thing ..." Éomer said with a grin, "I just wanted to see whether they had turned out the lights ..." "Really, Éomer." Lothíriel could not help laughing as she pulled her lord and master into the hall to join their friends and guests. In the small house down the hill, Hama and Bronwen was lost to the world – and Hama's concerns proved needless, as he heard Bronwen's breathless, "Oh, this was – ohh ... The End 25