then. But now that I have, I want to keep slipping all the best bits off the platters. . .not for me; for Frodo. . .I want to see him eat; to see that he's real, that he's all right, that he'll be fine once he gains back some weight and strength. Even last autumn he used to try and laugh it off, brush it all away, insist he was fine when he saw me looking at him with worry over how little he ate, how thin he'd grown. And now. . .with him looking like almost a skeleton. . .there is none of it. But I don't mind, somehow. That isn't his job. "Sit down, cousin!" I urge brightly as our embrace ends. "Let me fill up your plate with some of the finest glazed mushrooms you've ever seen, especially for you! And - " I lean closer, whispering loudly. "There's apple-pudding to come later, and blackcurrant and mint fool, and almond-cakes. . .you'll love what the cooks have been making!" "Dear Pip!" Laughing, he allows me to take his plate and fill it, which I do proudly, pulled up to my full - new - height. I'll get you all better, cousin Frodo. I will. . .just give me time. The Axe-Stroke Falls: Gimli's Heart Little ones. Little ones no longer: Merry and Pippin grown tall, Sam and Frodo. . . Well, all of them grown in ways you can't see, like jewels deep in the earth. But Frodo most of all, and yet. . .like a gemstone dulled, or a. . .a tree felled too early. Gandalf has been warning us for days of his condition, and now I regret growling and scoffing at him, shrugging away his dire explanations. "His condition is grave, Gimli. If he lives, he will require love and understanding, a great deal of nurturing." I blew through my mustache. "Stars, Gandalf, it's Frodo! He's never been one to require a fuss of coddling or he'd throw a tantrum. Nor is he now, I'm sure." Gandalf shook his head. "It isn't like that. There are. . .hurts. . .that go very deep with him." He's never been one to skirt the truth, but there's no way to strike the truth of this closer than to see it. And yet I would that I had listened more closely to him, and set myself less stubbornly. He may be right, it seems, by the look of it: surely I've never seen Frodo look half so white and weak and broken as he does now. Sam already begins to look - well, like Sam again. But Frodo. . . Gives me the shivers. Reminds me of elves. . .and somehow I know that's a sad thing for him. After all, he's a hobbit. And yet for all that, he seems no more one of his own kind now than - than an elf would among them. What Legolas Heard The most gifted, the skilled among our healers are the finest at hearing it, of course. But we all do in some measure. Every elf can hear the melody of another's fea, of any living being in Arda. From the beginning I have known the song of each member of the Fellowship. I used to sit at night and listen to them in the darkness, tracing each soft pattern in its turn. And they have changed. This, too, I have traced, though more tensely. . .but it is almost like a symphony today. Aragorn's, warm and full and strong. More majestic than he realises, I think. Gimli's, dearer to me now than I would ever have thought, steady as steel and shimmering diamonds. But the hobbits. . .they are an adventure beyond words to hear, such joy that I could listen to them all day and never tire of it. The sound of Merry's fea is like a flowing river, not loud, not rushing, but true and clear. Pippin's is like that of a babbling brook. . .yet it has changed in its course, steadied and calmed, still joyous and bright, but tempered by something new and beautiful. I see in them both many great things, many years of greatness ahead. Sam's song has always been soft and a bit shy, but solid as earth, reminiscent of the scent of fresh rain on green grass and newly-tilled soil, of blossoming roses and elanor in bloom. I see something of this in his future as well, though what I could not speak with certainty. His, too, has grown: it has become even sturdier, less shy in the intervening months. Though I shudder to think how this came about, I am glad to see it, for nothing makes my heart laugh so much as this little gardener. . .so unassuming, so steady, this little servant who even now fusses tenderly over his master, caring more for "Mr. Frodo" than for himself. It is Frodo's melody that troubles me. And troubles me deeply. Lyrical, deeply twined with sorrow, bittersweet as ever. . .mingled joy and pain as ever it has been. Yet the song begins to unravel: I can hear occasional faltering in the music, broken chords and jangled notes. . .the sounds of a fea and body suffering beyond hope of aid. And something comes to my mind. Three. He will see three more birthdays in Middle-earth, at most. No more than that. But then. . .Middle-earth is not the only place one might be happy. I resolve to take Frodo walking with me when we return to Minas Tirith. We will go to the Sea-shore. He has never seen it, and perhaps he might like to walk along the beach and pick up shells until he tires, then let himself be carried back to his chambers and made comfortable to sleep. To dream. He told me he has often dreamt of the Sea. I think perhaps he shall soon see it, unless my feeling is wrong. the end