hand in his hair moved to caress his flushing cheek. Legolas moved to prop himself up on his elbow, long golden locks falling over his shoulders and chest as he looked down at the slave. "And what did you dream?" "Sir I... I dreamt that I woke up with you, like this," Sam swallowed hard with his blush flushing another shade darker as he finished, "I dreamt that it was always this way and that I was always yours." The knights eyes softened and he leaned down to kiss both of the slave's cheeks before moving down lower and Sam let out a shaky sigh, "I dreamt that I was always by your side. That I served you and that you'd love me the same way you love him." At that Legolas paused to look up at Sam to see the sadness that ached in those brown eyes and the tears that welled up threatening to fall. Legolas gave a soft smile as he moved until he was over Sam both hands braced on either side of the slaves head, settling between his legs as he leaned down to kiss him softly. "And what if I couldn't love you the same way?" Sam's eyes snapped shut and the tears finally gave in to slip down his cheeks, Legolas kissed them away as he finished, "What if I loved you more?" Sam gasped and opened his eyes to find the knight smiling that infinitely warm smile as another tear slipped from his eye. "Sam?" "Then," Sam's voice croaked and he swallowed hard to rid himself of the lump in his throat and he tried again while a feeling of joy, however temporary it may be, rose up in his chest as he smiled. "Then you would be my master and I would love you forever." The knight surged forward and joined their lips in a deep kiss, pulling a moan from the slaves throat as he wrapped his arms around Legolas' neck to bring him as close as humanly possible. Legolas groaned at the hands tangling in his hair and gripping tight, letting his hands slide down to the slave's legs to push them further apart as he broke the kiss to move down over the slaves chest. Sam gasped as his mouth was released, moving one of his hands from Legolas' hair to the sheets beneath them on the bed. The hand clenched in the silk material as the knight sucked on one of the tiny nubs on his chest until it got hard before moving to the other. The slave let out a sharp cry and his back arched off the bed when a finger suddenly slipped into his entrance as his inner walls were still sensitive from the night before. "Ah." Sam moaned and the hand in the knight's golden locks tightened as Legolas' mouth moved down lower to softly kiss the slave's stomach. "If things were different... If life was kind..." Legolas pulled his hand from the slave's entrance and Sam's back sank into the bed. The knight lifted one of Sam's legs over his shoulder and the slave continued to pant as he lay back on the bed. Legolas leaned forward a bit as he lifted Sam's hips and slowly slid inside the slave. Sam's mouth opened in a silent cry and his back arched up again as his hands twisted in the sheets. Legolas' groaned in pleasure as Sam's tight heat seared through him and the slave felt tremors run up and down his spine at the sounds the knight made. Legolas stopped once he'd filled Sam to the hilt and paused for a moment before he started to move, drawing out a sharp gasp from his lover and he slowly moved in and out. "Mas-ter..." Sam moaned as his hips moved of their own violation, going back and forth in some attempt to follow the knights movements and keep the other man locked inside of him. Legolas moaned, one hand on the slave's hip while the other slid down the leg on his shoulder as the knight pressed forward to give a hard thrust, the slave gasped. "I would-... I would make you swell with my child-ah-if I could." Legolas said as he continued to thrust and Sam moaned. "That is how I dream of you, Sam. Warm with the glow of my claim." "...master." Sam groaned as one of his hands moved down and wrapped around his arousal, making the slave gasp at the added contact before he started stroking himself in time with Legolas' thrusts. "In my dream... I am yours forever." Such pretty dreams. Even as they both filled with the warmth of devotion and came with whispered declarations of love, they both knew that it could never be. They were beautiful dreams. Once Legolas came down from his high he let his head rest on Sam's stomach and the slave let his hand thread through the knight's hair, for the moment willing to let the dream go on for just a little bit longer. As the knight hummed that same song he was singing when Sam woke, they tried to forget if only for a few moments that those dreams weren't real. That Sam wasn't a slave to the duke of the Shire and Legolas wasn't honour bound to the kingdom of Gondor. That they wouldn't have to separate eventually. Unfortunately all dreams must end. So Sam forced himself to keep his eyes straight ahead and refused to look back as they left the castle gates. Legolas kept his eyes on his surroundings as he stood by Aragorn's side as they watched the honoured guests leave Gondor to return home. The slave forced himself to smile when his true master asked if he was well and Legolas did his best to reassure the concern he saw in Aragorn's eyes. Such is life, such is fate. A/N: oh the cheesy fluff I'm not totally happy with this one, anyway- Please review.