more down-trodden than Elrond thought possible for the young Elf to look. He stepped over and crouched before the young Elf, reaching over and taking his hands, noting they were nearly as cold as Thranduil's. "Now, what about you?" he asked kindly. Legolas straightened up, meeting Elrond's eyes only for a moment. "I am fine, thank you." "You do not look fine." "I'm just tired. What with…Ada…" He found he couldn't continue as he choked up. Elrond moved to sit beside him and laid his arm over Legolas' stooped shoulders. "Hey, it's going to be all right. I'll figure out how to help your father. If it is within my power, I will return him to you." Legolas nodded and quickly wiped away his tears. "All I will need for now is access to your healing halls and a complete list of the King's symptoms." "Everything you need from the healing halls can be brought here. And I will provide you with the list – as accurate as I can make it." "I'm sure a healer could do that," Elrond told him, surprised at the sudden change. "I can do it." "Legolas, you look worn out. Have you been looking after yourself?" Glancing over to where Thranduil laid unconscious, Legolas said softly, "I haven't really had the time. Everything has been so…hectic lately." Elrond gently took his hands again and softly said, "You have to make the time. Surely you have not taken it entirely upon yourself to look after your father." "There is no one else," the prince said in a whisper. "What about the healers? They could…" "No!" Legolas exclaimed abruptly, startling Elrond slightly. "No, I have to look after him." "Well, you're not alone anymore. I will do everything I can to make him better. But for now, you have to go to bed." The younger Elf opened his mouth to speak but Elrond would not allow him. "Go to bed. I'll take another, closer look at your father and get the list of symptoms from one of your healers." "I'll have one brought to you," Legolas offered quickly. "Very well. Now go and rest, mellon nin." "But you've just arrived." "We can catch up later once you've slept for a while." "Are you…?" "Yes, I am sure," Elrond smiled, already knowing what Legolas' question would be. A flicker of a smile touched Legolas' pale lips but it was gone before Elrond could marvel at it. "Thank you," the prince said as he slowly stood up, this time not brushing Elrond's hand off as he helped him to stand. "I'll be…" "I know where to find you," Elrond assured kindly, walking with Legolas to the door. The prince's eyes drifted over to the bed again and Elrond could feel him hesitate. "I will look after him, don't worry." "You will stay with him? You won't leave his side?" the blonde Elf almost pleaded, looking deep into Elrond's dark eyes. "Promise me." "Of course. I promise." Once more, Elrond was struck by the desperation in Legolas' eyes and he wondered what exactly had happened to provoke such a look. Given that Legolas looked like he was about to fall to the ground, the Elven Lord decided not to press the subject any further, it could wait until Legolas had rested for a while, then he would demand answers. "Go and rest, mellon nin. We'll speak later." "Thank you," Legolas said in a soft voice before slipping from the room. Alone once again, Elrond went to the windows and pulled the curtains open, brightening the room a little. Strangely though, it remained bleak. Mirkwood, even at its worst, had never felt quite this cold and uninviting. Slowly, Elrond returned to the bed and replaced the sheets over Thranduil. In a whisper, he asked, "What is going on here?" As he expected, he received no answer. Legolas went straight to his rooms, just down the hall from his father's, ignoring the guards standing there and they paid no heed to him. Inside his room was dark, the heavy drapes drawn across the windows, blocking out the daylight and as he sat down on the bed a shiver rippled through him at the chill of the room. Unlike Thranduil's room, this fireplace remained cold, unlit. With his eyes already starting to fall closed, Legolas unbuttoned his tight collar of his tunic, breathing deeply. His mind told him that he really should get up and do something but now he was here, a wave of tiredness swept over him and he slowly laid back, sideways across the bed, and let his eyes fall closed. These sheets had not been lain on in many weeks but it didn't bother the prince as his mind quickly started to drift off. Just moments after closing his eyes though, there was a sharp knock at his door, snapping him abruptly awake. He dragged his body up so he was sat on the edge of the bed and called, "Come in." The door opened and a guard performed a shallow, swift bow. "What?" the prince snapped, running his hands down his face in an attempt to clear the sleepiness. "Lord Elrond?" the guard asked vaguely, enquiring as to his whereabouts. "Don't worry, he's next door with the king." "Come with me," the Elf at the door demanded, already stepping away, knowing fully well that the young prince would obediently follow. And indeed, Legolas pulled himself wearily to his feet and shuffled from the room after the guard; not that he needed to be shown the way, he knew exactly where he was going. He did now regret even thinking that rest was not far off; that had only made him feel more tired and he tried to make himself more alert as he walked down the corridors. All too soon, they reached the Throne Room and Legolas paused at the doors before taking a deep breath and opening the big doors and stepping inside. To Be Continued…