back to bed." They walked slowly towards the bed, Elrond still supporting the unstable blonde Elf. "I just needed to stretch my legs," Legolas explained weakly. "You shouldn't try to push yourself too soon." "I know. I'm sorry," Legolas said as he sat down heavily on the bed. "It's alright. Let's just sort you out," he said kindly, smoothing out the rumpled bed clothes and plumping Legolas' pillows. He was about to tell Legolas that he needed to lay back down when he noticed the prince was trembling, his hand clamped over his mouth to stifle his sobs. Elrond waited silently for a moment in case Legolas hadn't wanted him to see his moment of weakness and just needed a couple of minutes to compose himself privately. However, the prince didn't seem to be able to prevent these concealed sobs so Elrond felt he had to go to him. "Legolas?" he asked gently, stepping around the bed. Legolas turned his face away from Elrond as he sat down next to him. "Mellon nin?" the healer said, placing his hand on Legolas' trembling shoulder. "I'm sorry," Legolas said, his breath hitching as he cautiously removed his hand from his mouth. "It's alright. I know how hard all this has been on you." Legolas shook his head, unable to stop the sob that escaped him. "It's not…I'm sorry." Elrond didn't remove his gaze from the young prince. "Tell me what's wrong," he said. "It's nothing. I'm just being…stupid. It's nothing," Legolas choked. "Well, it's obviously not nothing and I'm willing to bet it isn't stupid either. You can tell me." "Gimli was talking about…I had forgotten. My brother…" "Oh Legolas," Elrond whispered, immediately pulling the prince into a tight hug. "I'm so sorry. What with everything else…It had slipped my mind." It was the truth. He'd been so busy helping with the patients and handing out the cure to everyone in the kingdom he hadn't had time to think about the eldest Prince of Mirkwood and Thranduil hadn't mentioned it either. Legolas nodded, allowing Elrond to hold him but not returning the hug, knowing the Elven Lord wouldn't be expecting it anyway. "I…I had forgotten too," Legolas said softly, unable to keep his voice from cracking but making a supreme effort nonetheless. "I forgot about my own brother, Elrond." "Legolas, you had a thousand other things to worry about – your kingdom was falling apart, your father was so ill, not to mention the fact that at times you could barely think straight through your own illness. It wasn't like you even had time to stop and think during all this. And I know that your brother would have been immensely proud at how you've handled this crisis, just as your father and everyone in Mirkwood are." Elrond smiled down at the young prince and eventually Legolas nodded, although it was accompanied by another poorly stifled sob. Elrond held Legolas tightly to him as the young Elf cried against him for a few moments. The healer knew how close the brothers had been and although Legolas had been deeply devastated by his brother's death he had not been given the time to grieve. It was only fair that he should be allowed to do so now. "Shhh, shh, it's alright," Elrond whispered. Slowly Legolas regained a little composure and was able to speak. "I'm sorry, Elrond. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to burden you with this," he said tiredly. "Hey, you have no need to apologise for anything and it is not a burden. You've every right to grieve for Rumil," Elrond told him quietly. Legolas nodded but didn't seem entirely convinced. "Now, why don't you go back to sleep and I'll send your father in to sit with you?" Legolas sighed and removed himself from the dark-haired Elf. "He was here earlier." "Well, I'm sure he can stand a little more time in your company." "It's probably best not to bother him." "He's your father, Legolas. I don't think he considers visiting you a chore." Legolas nodded slowly, flashing Elrond a weak smile. "Alright. Rest for a while. I'll send your father in a little later. It might do you some good to spend some time alone with your family. As for your brother…" Legolas dipped his head. "How about I find you somewhere you can say goodbye in peace? A nice quiet room, somewhere away from everyone else. That way you can take as much time as you need to…Well, it'll give you the opportunity to say your goodbyes. How's that?" The Elven Lord's voice was quiet and soft all the way through, knowing this was a delicate topic. Legolas nodded, quickly wiping away a silent tear that slipped down his cheek. "Alright then. Come on, lie back down and get a couple of hours' sleep." Legolas did as he was told, allowing Elrond to pull the sheets back over him. Even the short excursion to the bathroom and back had completely drained him of all his energy and he was already sleepy again. "I can't thank you enough for everything you've done. Elrond, I don't think I could have done it without your help," Legolas said quietly, blinking blearily up at the healer. Elrond smiled softly. This was by no means the first time Legolas had thanked him. In fact, he had mentioned it nearly every time Elrond came within sight of him. And he had learned to be gracious about accepting the praise, understanding that Legolas liked to thank him and it was the only way he could show his continued appreciation. "As always, you are welcome, mellon nin. Now go to sleep. I'll make sure you're not disturbed for a few hours." "Thank you," Legolas whispered, already on the verge of sleep. He vaguely recalled hearing Elrond slip out of the room before he fell back in deep sleep. To Be Continued… ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~**~ Translations Ion nin – My son Ada – Dad Mellon nin – My friend