he takes down his hand again. "It is not pleasant." "I am sorry. Did you have a good ride today?" he asks and Lisswyn cannot shake away the feeling that he really is asking something different. "Yes, it was a wonderful day. Just as any horse breeder's daughter likes it," she jests trying to lift the mood again. A comfortable silence spreads between them for a while as they watch the plains of the Westfold at night. After a few minutes the prince turns his head to look at her profile. Again memories of their time together come back. Her first three years as a shieldmaiden, Lisswyn served as second to the king's or Théodred's personal guards, accompanying them on their patrol rides. When the woman who had been first shieldmaiden back then got pregnant with her first child, Lisswyn was made first shieldmaiden and the crown prince's personal guard. His father had been reluctant at first, of course, because Lisswyn was still very young; only twenty one. But Théodred, Háma, and the other shieldmaidens spoke up for her and praised her skills. Théoden king had noticed them as well and in the end he had heeded their advice over his concern. From that day on they had spent most of their time together, riding out on patrols, sparring, getting to know the other's fighting style; growing together as a unit in case they needed to have each others backs in an ambush. She had been like a younger sister to him, fourteen years his minor. 'A younger sister,' the prince muses as he watches her profile and how that strand of her hair swirls in the night breeze around her defined cheekbones. A low chuckle escapes his lips. How could she ever have been only a younger sister to him? Slowly his right hand reaches out to touch her cheek. The sudden feeling of his fingers against her skin lets Lisswyn's heart jump to her throat. Slowly as if sensing a dangerous wild animal she turns to him. With wide eyes she meets his longing gaze. Forcing her breath to remain calm she fights the feeling of her heart racing like a young stallion. 'What is happening?' her mind screams. Yet, there is no threat there, only Théodred and his gentle grey-blue eyes, a soft expression on his face. For the second time on this evening Lisswyn cannot discern Théodred's look as he tentatively brushes the loose strand of her hair behind her ear. There his fingers remain just a little too long. Lisswyn blushes and starts to feel uneasy, as she feels every heartbeat drumming against her ribcage, thinking about a way to react properly when Théodred finally takes down his hand and whispers with a throaty voice. "I am glad you are here." Lisswyn only blinks at him and the confusion in her face brings him to pull himself together. "We have to ride to Eastemnet. Éomer reported about some unsettling sightings there," he says his voice back to neutral as is expected of a commander and not betraying any of the feelings he had a moment ago while watching her in silence. "I wish to get first hand reports of the people living along the vale of Anduin." "Our eastern borders?" she asks noticing the sudden change in his mood and recalling what Éomer had told her earlier that day. "That is a long ride. Who is 'we'?" "Me and Éomer, and thirty of my best men. You and the other shieldmaidens will come along, too." "Shouldn't you take your whole éored?" Lisswyn frowns. "I do not expect any ambush. Too many men will only slow us down. As you have said, it is a long ride. We will be away for at least two weeks." Lisswyn takes in the information with a slow nod of her head. "When are we leaving?" "The day after tomorrow, an hour past dawn." "The shieldmaidens will be prepared." The prince smirks at her reply, "I should never expect anything different." Lisswyn smiles back and they both share a laugh before they switch back to silence again enjoying the peaceful sight of a summer night. After a few minutes the crown prince turns his head looking at the young woman at his side again. "When did you last practice with the sword and knifes?" "Just yesterday and the day before that," Lisswyn answers. "And close body combat?" She turns her head to overlook the moonlit plains again as she tries to recount the days. "That was before we accompanied the harvesters to the fields in the south. So it must be twelve days now." She glances back at him and finds him grinning at her. "How about a go-through tomorrow two hours after lunch?" A beam spreads on her face now, too. "I can agree to that." "Bring the other shieldmaidens with you. We'll make it group training," he orders. They smile at each other for a moment before turning to face the plains again and fall back into comfortable silence, something they have shared so many times in the past five years. "You should go to rest. It has been a long day." His smile turns into a wry smirk. "And I should go back inside to join the men or else they'll think their prince to be a tired old weakling or worse…." His right hand comes up again to touch her left upper arm as a parting gesture, sliding off as his broad, muscular chest brushes her shoulder as he steps past her to enter the old fortress again. The sensation of his hand on her arm and his chest against her shoulder sends a shiver through her body. Not the unpleasant kind of shiver she felt every time Gríma looked at her, but a pleasant warm notion that warily stirs something inside her. The warmth buzzes, tingles in her stomach and her chest and looking after Théodred walking away, Lisswyn can only wonder at its meaning.