what to make of all this," she wet her lips and replied at last to him. "I am not afraid to tell you that I hated you with every fiber of my being and that stubborn bile still persists in me. I was aware of the legend of the Nazgûl before you told me of the sad and unfortunate tale of your metamorphosis but I thought nothing of your former humanity. When you had slain my uncle, I especially thought little of your past and all I saw was a vile and wicked creature spawned of Mordor. In my eyes, you were no better than an Orc." He was still so close to her and still held her hand but she was more focused on speaking rather than freeing herself. Oddly, she had not felt threatened and she felt secure in his presence. "Great king of old, I feel my heart becoming weighted for you. Since I feel that you have been telling nothing but truth to me, I shall repay the favor to you." Slightly, she stirred in his grip and he ever so gently loosened his hold on her. Yet Ếowyn did not pull away. "I do not love you in return. I never could nor would I be able to. If I were to for whatever reason, it would still take me a long while to come to terms for what you had done. I no longer feel as angry towards you as I did but you must understand this. I can only say that I am happy for you that you are no longer the favored pawn of the Dark Lord." "To hear you say that you understand me is all I could hope for," he said. "I am flattered that you granted some mercy and pittance upon me. I also beg you to not feel sad for my tale. It was my fault. I accepted the ring and it sealed my fate. I also take no offense to you not feeling love for me. I knew that you would not return it. Faramir is the object of your affections. It is he whom your heart and soul yearns to deepen your connection with. He is yours as you are his and I wish you all the luck with him. I wish that your love will deepen enough that you will seek to consecrate it with matrimony. If that be the outcome, I wish you decades of peace, warmth, tenderness and many descendants. Tonight will be the last time we will meet on this earth and I do not know if we will even cross paths in death." Disturbingly enough, the Witch-king vaguely reminded Ếowyn of herself. She too had once fallen in love with someone that she could not hope to have even though she dreamed of it. Like him, he knew her former desire would not return the love and that his heart had belonged to another woman. It was tough for the shieldmaiden to swallow and she had brooded over it for a little while before she had let it go. Luckily, she had met Faramir and Ếowyn was content with him. She looked forward to meeting this woman who had so enraptured Aragorn's heart and soul. A part of her felt even more saddened for the Witch-king that he had fallen in love but she was unable to reciprocate. For a moment, she almost wished that some other woman had killed him so he could fall for her and she would grant him even more happiness in death. He had not felt love for countless years and now suddenly, he rediscovered it. No one else could share his joy. "You must rest," she urged him. There was a stern gentleness in her voice. "For far too long, you have been running errands for Sauron. Now is your time to be at peace. Do you remember your old name at all?" He scoffed lightly. "Nay," he revealed. "Perhaps I will remember it one day. Right now, it still evades my memory even though other things made themselves known to me once more." "Then I shall call you Milord," Ếowyn decided. "You were once a king after all." "Whatever you come up with will suffice, Lady Ếowyn." At long last, he let go of her hand. "Now that I have talked to you, I feel complete. Right now, I believe I am ready to pass on and face whatever or whoever is awaiting me. I thank you for the final time, milady. I wish you a long life, joy and luck in the future. Farewell, Ếowyn, mighty, lovely and brave Lady of Rohan." Before her very eyes, the armor and shrouds that he wore as a Nazgûl began to dissolve. Underneath those dark garbs, she began to see the shape of an aged yet regal man. The transformation lasted for a few seconds before she ended up recognizing him as the silent and friendly gentleman she had been seeing in her dreams. For the first time in so long, a mortal looked upon the true face of the former Witch-king of Angmar. A few more tears were shed but this time they were droplets of joy. Ếowyn had felt happy that he had been truly liberated of his unhallowed guise. They gazed back at each other one last time. He then steadily evaporated before her very eyes, leaving behind the mortal and physical realm. Death had finally completely ferried him away, taking him to a warm and shining light where long lost and familiar faces of his past eagerly and happily awaited him… I was tempted to make him appear as a young man in her dreams and when he crosses over but I decided to stick with his portrayal in the beginning of "Fellowship of the Ring" as an older individual. It seemed too easy to have him turn young when he shed his Nazgul shape... Thanks for reading, hope you liked it!