bed during his final hours, injured, sick unto death. . . . No! But there it is. I am a healer. I could speak with Aragorn. I have seen my own meals; there is more to be had, if only they understand: fresh creamed spinach with ground nutmeg, hot tomato soup, delicious gooseberry and elder-flower fool, carrots glistening with thyme butter, soothing mushroom soup, warm applesauce, rich soup made from beef stock and late spring vegetables, even a beautiful chilled strawberry soup made with white wine. She smiles as she replaces the tray-cover, shaking her head, and tells Frodo he must eat. A picnic! Yes, a picnic. . .we shall see whether we may find any trees left. They will be trees like us, war-worn and strong and tired, and we shall rest beside them and have our lunch. She suddenly feels unaccountably hungry, and rises, bending to kiss Frodo's cheek, to go speak with the healers. HEAVEN'S FIELD Is this the place? Yes. It is cold even now. Yes. It is. Silence. Does it hurt you to be here? A little. More silence. Why did you bring me here, at cost to your comfort? Because I wanted you to see for yourself. The two figures huddle close, tall and small, upon the field of Pelennor, gold and ebon locks whipping in the wind. The air here is chill, and will be for a long time yet. One small hand takes hers, and miniature lips kiss it. Were you not afraid? Aye. Aye, I was afraid. She hesitates. And yet. . .not so. He nods. For a long moment they stand in silence. At last she turns. It is Heaven's field now. Let us go, and let it be! RUNNING Frodo scarcely feels like moving at all, but Eowyn has been too long indoors, and too long still, and they are far from the sight of the healers. So she kicks up her heels into the wind and runs, fleet-footed pace light and swift as any colt's, as smooth as that of the mearas themselves. It is enough for Frodo to watch her from his place upon the blanket and smile. She is beautiful indeed. HAIR Eowyn's hair is a golden mane, tangles of honey and wheat, thick and full despite past months. Frodo's hair is a raven tumble, curls of ebony and midnight, limp from his ordeal. They lie together on the picnic-blanket, honey and midnight mingled, close enough for hair and breath to touch. FAR AWAY All the way back, Frodo is silent, though he has eaten with good appetite, taking sandwiches and peaches and strawberries readily, and has seemed well enough, with no sign of fever or increasing pain. His blue-eyed gaze grows distant, and he seems far away. Too well Eowyn knows that feeling. NOSTALGIA Her laugh. Silence. You? Silence. Her smile, I think. And her smell. Her smell? Mmm-hm. Like apples and mushroom soup and forest ferns all mulled into one fragrance. Smelled so good. Silence. Hops. Hops and new-mown hay. Eomer says I smell like them. Mmm. Silence. Shadows play along the walls. NIGHT Nights have always been long and cold for them both ever since the unspoken. They do not speak of it even now, but Aragorn has ordered that the Lady be permitted to come and go as she will, so at sunset Eowyn slips over to Frodo's room, there to climb onto the over-sized bed and tell stories without the wall between them. When Frodo sits up and leans to kiss her, he tastes of mushrooms and medicines, of ash and dust beneath; there is a strange dry taste to his lips, like that of a far-away dark and arid land. FOOD Eowyn has taken over the preparation of Frodo's trays. The healers do not object, in part because it seems to get her nibbling at something - she at least tastes her work, and that is more than she has been willing to touch - but largely because King Elessar has told them to let her be. So she peels carrots and potatoes, chops savoury herbs and sweet fresh fruit, stirring up delicious soups and soft foods for the little hobbit who will not eat for his attendants. But at her gentle coaxing, every tray returns to the kitchens completely empty. EYES Frodo's eyes are blue. Blue as the river, blue as the rain, blue as the Sea. And they are ancient. Eowyn's eyes are blue. Blue as forget-me-nots, blue as a blue standard, blue as the sky. And they are old. They speak not with their lips. They have no need. GENTLE HEART A gentle heart, Aragorn calls her in his mind, surprised to find that the shieldmaiden has grown into someone he never saw before. Or perhaps she was there all along and he was blind to her presence. But he is not blind now, for any eyes can surely see it: warrior though she is, Eowyn's thought now turns to the care of the Ringbearer, and more to the Ringbearer himself. There are many in Minas Tirith, muses Aragorn, who would care for him, who would look after him. He watches from a terrace as, far below, Eowyn coaxes Frodo through shaky steps his first since their picnic-outing. The two laugh as Frodo totters, falling into her arms, looking none too displeased. Straightening, he tries again, succeeding this time and continuing, at her coaxing, with steadier pace, strength and confidence gradually returning to his gait. But who else truly loves him? SUNRISE The sun is slow to peek out, though there are no objections from Frodo's room. Hundreds, even thousands, of sunrises have passed for each of them. How many have they left? Somehow not knowing is enough. Sleepy limbs disengage from the tangle of blankets, and Eowyn stirs atop the snowy coverlet, reaching over to tuck a still-drowsing Frodo in more securely. Outside the warm spring sun begins to rise, seeking her place in the sky.