of knowledge about a lot of subjects and remarkable wit – and even spoke a little Sindarin, which his mother had taught him. He had a marvellous sense of humour, which matched my own, and he defended his beliefs with both passion and vigour. He loved his sister, his country and his people dearly. He would have died for them without hesitation. I had long wanted to know what his outburst to Aragorn about his sister had meant, and one day as we were walking in the gardens, I asked him. His face grew solemn, and he hesitated slightly before he replied. "The night before we rode from Dunharrow, I confronted Éowyn. I somehow suspected that she was not content to settle for staying behind when we left for battle, and when I heard her encouraging – and defending – Merry, when Gamling and I mocked his fighting abilities, I became suspicious and tried to discourage her, telling her that she knew nothing of war – of the blood and the horror and that war was the province of men. I thought that I had succeeded, conceited as I was." He paused, his face showing his regrets. "I should have known better; I knew her, knew her beliefs and her abilities! I knew that she felt caged! And regretted that she was not born a man. How could I not? She was forever complaining that she could not do as Théodred and I during the dark years – ride off and fight the enemy, whereas she was trapped with uncle – and Grima Wormtongue. Being a shield maiden of Rohan, she also wanted the honour and renown, she felt could only be won on the battlefield." I nodded slowly. I could follow Éowyn's line of thinking although I did not think that I would ever be that desperate to be part of war and fighting; after all I had followed my father and brothers to Minas Tirith to work in the Houses of Healing to at least feel that I accomplished something . "But – it was not your fault, Éomer. There was so much else that you had to do, and I do not believe that you could have stopped her, even if you had known. It was her choice," I tried to soothe him as I felt his despair. "Deep inside I know that, but right at the moment when I saw her lying there, all the guilt came down on me, and I am afraid that I cannot rid myself entirely of the thought that I might have stopped her ……" He looked at me, his eyes dark and solemn. I realised that there was nothing that I wanted more than to chase these thoughts away. Was he the man that was meant for me? I was beginning to think so. I admit that this multi-facetted man intrigued me. There was no doubt that he took my breath away, just by looking at me. He had the most wonderful passionate eyes that burned into mine. The colour changed from hazel to dark brown, depending on his moods – almost black when he was angry or sad --- or very passionate, and he had the most wonderful boyish grin with a devil buried deep in his eyes when he spoke of things that amused him. We connected, almost like kindred spirits. Often when we saw something, which amused us we had only to look up – and then we knew why the other was smiling. It was so easy to talk to him – about anything really. Also because you felt that he was deadly honest – and would never lie to you. He was handsome – but I was no stranger to handsome men. I was a virtuous noblewoman of Gondor – how could you not be with three brothers, who watched over you zealously? But I was the sister of three of the handsomest young princes in all of Middle Earth (save the elves, of course), and they had in turn numerous friends, who were equally good-looking, and the princess of Dol Amroth had therefore never wanted for male attention, dance partners or suitors. Many of the young noblemen of Gondor had never hidden the fact that they would very much like to court the young sister of the three princes. They had treated me with the utmost respect, and some of them I had allowed to kiss me – which some did politely, others more passionately. But – none of them had ever evoked the feelings in me that just being close to Éomer did. Not just his eyes, but also his entire being attracted me; the tall, well-built body, his golden hair, the bearded chin. I was not used to men with beards, but lately I had found that this was indeed very attractive – on him at least. And his hands – strong, large and well formed with long fingers. I shivered when he took my hand, helping me down from stairs or across hindrances. I wanted to be touched by him – and never had I wanted to be kissed, as I wanted to be kissed by him --- and I realised that I had wanted it almost since the first time that I saw him at the Houses of Healing. I had a feeling that it might be mutual, but so far Éomer had been too much of a gentleman to even try to do anything about it, or else my brothers had managed to scare him off. Somehow I doubted that very much; Éomer was not somebody you easily scared off. I realised that my stomach did somersaults whenever he looked at me; I blushed like a very young girl – and I could not stop thinking of him when we were not together. All the signs that the somewhat more experienced maids of our household had told me about. I was definitely in love with the King of Rohan.