His eyes were fixed on the two figures in the centre of the garden down below. Watching as the knight and slave locked their lips in a passionate kiss. Sam's hands had weaved themselves in the man's long golden hair, when he suddenly moved to lay the younger man down on the bench they sat on, releasing the kiss as he removed Sam's shirt and lavished attention all over the slave's chest. Legolas pulled back to remove his shirt as well when Sam reached up to trace his fingers across the smooth expanse of the man's skin. Frodo pulled his legs up onto the chair against his chest and let out a heavy sigh. Really, he has no reason to be upset. Sam is a slave, a servant to the castle. It isn't uncommon for servants to... I suppose the proper term here would be to, pleasure honoured guests that visited. Frodo's never personally approved of such practices, but he is aware of them. Somehow it was different where Sam and this knight were concerned. Mind you, this isn't the first time that Frodo's noticed this strange, bond that's developed between Sam and the knight Legolas. He saw how Sam would stare at the knight whenever they arrived, his eyes would go wide and his skin would flush a light tinge when their eyes finally met. How a smile would tug at the corner of the knight's lips when Sam served them wine, their hands would touch for the briefest of moments before Sam quickly scurried out of the room. He'd overhear the ends of conversations in the dark corners of the castle walls in Gondor and watch as shadows moved along with the voices he'd hear. Merry and Pippin used to come see him with their concerns whenever they went to see Sam during the night and found his chambers empty, the way they'd stay until the early hours of the morning. He'd had his suspicions about them, but he never could have imagined... Sam's hands gripped Legolas' shoulders, his head was tossed back while his mouth hung open in the gasps and moans he could see the slave making. His body was covered by that of the knight and he couldn't see just what Legolas was doing but he could make a guess. Frodo has no right to be upset. He knew of the affections that his servant held for him and for years he never did a thing about it. It's just that Sam has always been there, always loyal and trusting by his masters side, there never seemed to be a reason to do anything. It was an arrogant thought, of course it was. But somehow Frodo honestly thought that Sam would always be there, that he would never stray or let another man catch his eye because his eyes were meant for Frodo and only Frodo. Apparently he was wrong, because someone else did catch Sam's eye and somehow Frodo knew things would never be the same again. Part of him blamed Aragorn. That shallow, spiteful and selfish cruel part of him that he refused to listen to wanted to blame the prince for bringing that man into his home. For bringing the thief that steal's a little peace of his most precious servant away from him every time their eyes meet. But Aragorn was obviously suffering under his own foolishness. He trusted his childhood friend's devotion to him and his family too much and now his pet has gone astray. It wasn't Aragorn's fault, regardless of how much the voice in Frodo's head moaned the loss of his precious because of the prince's foolishness. The rest of him knew that it was no one's fault but his own. He kept Sam's heart on a string for years, toying with it even when he wasn't aware of what he was doing. Sam has always been his and Frodo just assumed that it would always stay that way. He waited too long to claim the Sam and now he had been claimed by another. Sam's back arched off the stone bench as Legolas' head reached lower. Frodo could almost hear Sam call out Legolas' name, see him shudder in ecstasy when the blonde touched him just right. It made him think back to his...escapades with Aragorn over the passed few months. It was just a fling. Curiosity for these strange brave men that had saved his cousins from such horrible beasts. Curiosity turned into fascination which turned to lust which turned into the mess of an affair they currently found themselves in. But how was Frodo to know that Sam would find warmth and comfort in another when he wasn't by his side. How was he supposed to know that his servant would fall for another and that they'd fall for him as well? It was obvious in the kisses that they shared and the way they touched each other. It had nothing to do with simple needs being fulfilled. Or some sudden bout of boredom propelling Legolas to seek out pleasures in the trusting young man. They were falling for each other, Frodo could almost swear that they love each other already. But they could never have each other. Frodo gave a bitter sweet smile as he set his legs back down on the floor and cast one more look down at the two in the centre of the maze, trying to ignore how Legolas almost seemed to worship his precious servant while Sam's body drank in every touch like the knight was the source of life he needed to survive. Sam's heart was lost, stolen by the Elven knight, but that's all he could steal. Sam belongs to Frodo. It doesn't matter that Legolas has stolen his heart and captured his soul, because Sam's body belongs to Frodo and according to Shire slavery law... Not even fate could take him away. The End A/N: so how was it? Was it too mushy? Please review.