it was obvious that there was nobody but them in the room. "Starry-eyed youth," Lothíriel quipped. "I agree; she will probably not be wearing it for long anyway," Éomer murmured to Éothain. "I heard that. You seem to recover quickly from shock." Lothíriel shot her husband a glance and shook her head. "Now I will go talk to Béordlin about arranging a small feast for tonight to celebrate this happy occasion. Mélia, will you join me?" ---ooo000ooo--- Later that evening after the feast and after she had said good night to her betrothed, Bronwen entered her parents' bed chamber. Lothíriel was getting ready for bed, brushing out her still dark hair. Éomer had not yet joined his wife. Lothíriel smiled at her daughter. "Are you happy now, Bron?" she inquired. "Yes, mama. I am. I am glad that father gave his consent – and I can hardly wait until our wedding day, but …..," she said hesitatingly. Lothíriel looked inquisitively at her daughter. "You are not having second thoughts already, sweetie?" she asked with a smile. "No, mama, of course not – but as I was saying good night to Hama, it suddenly occurred to me that father is right; I am just a girl – and Hama is a grown man. How can I ever meet his needs," the young woman said, her voice trembling. "Whoa, sweetie; of course we are going to have this conversation before your wedding – but I had not thought that it was going to be tonight." Lothíriel could not help smiling. "Don't worry, darling, I will tell you all that you need to know – and which you do not know already or otherwise your sisters will, I am sure – but not tonight." "But, mama …." "No buts, Bron. Everything will turn out all right. Go to bed, little one – and dream sweet dreams of your man." Lothíriel embraced her daughter. "Don't worry. He loves you." "I know, mama. Thank you," Bronwen embraced her mother. Lothíriel kissed her daughter and Bronwen bid her mother goodnight. Éomer entered the room as his daughter was leaving. He kissed her. "Go to bed, daughter, and give your parents some rest. Go dream about your man! Now you are allowed," he growled. "Yes, mother said that, too," Bronwen grinned and closed the door behind her. The King of Rohan started undressing. "What did our daughter want? Second thoughts already?" he asked. Lothíriel went up to her husband and helped him unfastening the laces of his shirt. "No – but she suddenly worried that she would not be able to live up to Hama – to meet his needs, if you must know." Éomer grinned as he wrapped his arms round his wife's waist. "Oh, I remember somebody who had exactly the same worries and wanted me to tell her, how she compared to the other women in my life." Lothíriel helped her husband remove his shirt and put her hands on his chest, which was as muscled as in his youth. "You cannot blame a young, innocent woman that she should harbour such thoughts when entering into the marriage bed with a man, who probably has bedded a myriad of women in his time," she argued. "Long sentence, Lothy. What are you getting at? I seem to have heard this argument before, just earlier today," Éomer said as he pressed his wife against his chest, feeling her soft breasts against his chest through her robe. He felt a certain movement in his male parts and he could not help smiling at the feeling. "Oh, I was just pointing out why I asked you for that comparison," she smiled breathless as she felt him against her. "And?" he whispered in her ear. "And I just want to know how did I actually compare?" "In all honesty, woman. You do not expect me to remember that thirty years later?" Éomer quipped. "Oh, yes, I most certainly do." "As I told you then, and as I have told you several times since, you are the most passionate, beguiling, demanding and utterly desirable woman that I have ever had in my bed and in my life – and did I mention the most insatiable?" Éomer grinned cheekily. "I love you, you know," he whispered huskily as he bent his head to kiss her. "Now, will you be coming to bed with me?" Lothíriel gave into his kiss. "Yes, husband, I will – since you think so much of me. Insatiable, really – well, do your best, then." She grinned and slid out of his arms. Éomer removed his breeches and jumped into their bed. Then he lay back in the pillows and watched his wife as she blew out most of the candles. She moved over to the hearth to stir the fire and started removing her robe. In the dim light of the fire, she turned against him and he held his breath. Six children had not left her body unscarred. There were fine lines in her face, which were mementoes of their life together and fine silver had begun to show in her dark hair. She was not as slim as she was in her youth, and her breasts were perhaps not as firm as they had been, but Éomer only saw the young woman, with whom he had fallen in love so many years before – and with whom he had shared some of the most fantastic and breathtaking moments of his life. She jumped into bed with him and he swept her into his embrace, rolling her over on her back. "I love you, Lothíriel of Rohan," he whispered hoarsely into her ear as he lowered his mouth on hers and covered her with his body. She laughed breathlessly and gave into his embrace; her final thought being that if her youngest daughter was very, very lucky, her chosen one would prove to be as good a man as her father. --- Curtain ---- 14