for a source of water to refill their water skins; he lent a hand to Gandalf when he misplaced his hat and couldn't locate it; he abetted Gimli during his duty on watch by facilitating a nice conversation about Dwarven architecture. After the long day of relaxing and, for some, working, the Fellowship settled down for a final meal before heading for bed. However, this time, conversation did not focus on the past but on the future. "Do you think we will have to do anymore fighting?" Pippin voiced, putting his empty bowl on the ground. Gandalf shifted his gaze from the fire to the youngest Hobbit. "Most certainly. For we are at war, whether we know it or not." The Fellowship grew silent until Sam spoke up. "Why do you ask, Pippin?" "I don't know," Pippin sighed. "Its just… I want to give aid to my friends. I don't want to be the one who always needs protecting. "There is no shame in being unable to fight," Aragorn said. The Hobbit shook his head. "Oh, I know that. But I want the option, whether to fight or flee. But since I have no training with weapons of any kind, except a slingshot, I only have the one choice to flee and hide…" Boromir nodded his head in understanding. "I can sympathize with you. When I was young I felt the same." The Man paused, as if thinking, before continuing. "Well, if it is your wish to learn to defend yourself, I see no harm in teaching you." "Really Boromir! You would do that!" "I don't see why not. We are on a dangerous quest and it would be beneficial to the group to have many skilled warriors." Legolas questioned, "Do you have experience teaching, Boromir? If you are uncomfortable, I could teach Pippin." Boromir smiled. "Yes, I have experience. And I think teaching a Hobbit to spare would be far more similar to teaching a child than an elfling." "Perhaps you are right." Aragorn clapped his hands together. "Then it's settled. Tomorrow, after walking, Boromir will start training Pippin with the use of a blade. Does anyone else wish to join them?" "I will!" Merry exclaimed. "After all, some one needs to protect Boromir next time he faints." The Fellowship laughed at the off-handed comment. Ignoring his companions, Boromir looked at Frodo. "Do you also wish to join?" Frodo shook his head. "Uncle Bilbo taught me how to use a blade many summers ago. But, possibly, I will join you after you teach Pippin and Merry the basics." Boromir shifted his gaze until it rested on Sam. "Oh, no thank you, Mister Boromir. I will stick to my pots and pans. They're much more manageable!" Sam defended. Boromir chuckled at the double meaning. "Very well." With that, the conversation ended. Lots were drawn to see who would take which night watch. Fortunately for Boromir, he was given the last watch of the night, personally his favorite because he found pleasure in watching the sunrise each morning. When the Gondorian ultimately relieved Gimli from his guard in the early morning he couldn't help but look upon the hodgepodge of people laid before him. Boromir could not help but smile. The Fellowship had come a long way. They once resented each other, but now they were beginning to display a friendship that would not easily be broken. It was a companionship that would last throughout the ages and be told in tales and songs. Before, if someone had asked Boromir if he thought the quest would succeed he would have said no. But now he wasn't so sure. Now he saw a glimmer of hope that was no longer too far away to imagine. The future was seemed bright, and that was all Boromir could ask for. Simply put, Boromir was finally impressed with the Fellowship. A/N: YAY! It feels so good to finally have this story fully edited. IMPORTANT! This story is actually the prequel to another that I am currently writing. I needed a way to establish the loyalty and friendship between Boromir and the rest of the Fellowship, especially the Hobbits, to create the correct atmosphere for my next sotry. Important things to note: 1) Boromir's friendship with Merry and Pippin, 2) the tenacity of Orcs, 3) the acquired ability of Merry and Pippin's sword fighting skills, 4) Boromir's realization for the need to destroy the Ring. All this will play an important role in the sequel. Here is the general summary of the sequel: At Amon Hen, Boromir is slain at the hands of the Uruk-hai. The horn of Gondor isn't broken but is taken as a trophy by Lurtz. Merry and Pippin, now captives of the Orcs and Uruk-hai, attempt to escape before reaching Isengard. The Hobbits are able to blow on the Horn before they are caught. By the power of the horn (and the Valar), Boromir's ghost returns to aid the Hobbits to escape. As a result, for the remainder of the war, Boromir is able to come to aid any of the Fellowship who calls upon him. Be aware! This is an extremely generalized (and not very detailed) description of my next LOTR story. Needless to say, the story will be multi-chaptered and span throughout the remainder of the last two books ( The Two Towers, Return of the King ). I don't know when I would be able to start posting because of its length and the amount of time it takes to edit. Please REVIEW! Review, review, review. Reviews let me know that all my writing and editing isn't in vain. If I don't get many responses I probably won't post the sequel and keep this story as an unattached one-shot (which it very well may be). This said, I accept both the good and the bad. I know I'm not perfect and sometimes I forget to correct concept/grammatical errors. Only you can help me become a better writer! Thank you!