did you manage this?" "Éowyn rushed in, telling us that Grima's cronies were beating you up – but Wormtongue's faithful men have been bragging about the fact that their trusted leader had succeeded in finding a way of getting rid of the king's nephew all morning, and that he would set his plan in action today. So we were prepared. And when we saw them entering the hall, we set in motion, even before Éowyn alerted us." Éomer could not help smiling: "Did I tell you recently that you are a good friend? But – Éothain, I cannot ask you to go with me. I am banished from Rohan – under pain of death! You will be banished, too, if you follow me. Think of Melia – and your child!" "I know, and I do think of them," said Éothain. "I spoke with Melia, and she agrees with me that I should follow you. She will go to her parent's house and stay there with our child. Halfred and his sons will protect them. You are my friend as well as my commander – and what would my father have thought of me if I were not loyal to you?" Éomer clasped the wrist of his friend. "Thank you, friend. Let us go. The sooner we leave, the sooner we can get back and free the king and our people." As they were leading their horses out of the stable, Éomer looked up at Meduseld; Éowyn and Gamling were still standing on the stairs. His sister looked so forlorn, but her eyes were dry and she held her head defiantly high. He raised his hand in a gesture and then mounted. He rode out through the gates, followed by Éothain. His heart felt heavy and he cursed inwardly that Grima had succeeded in outmanoeuvring him so easily. He must have prepared this a very long time; I fear for Éowyn – and for Théodred. He does not need them as much as he does the king. He needed to contemplate what to do next. He knew that he had to go; he would be no good to them dead. And his sister would be able to take care of herself, he knew that. Outside the gate, almost a hundred riders were waiting. Apparently, his men had acted quickly and had gathered all the men that they could muster. Most of the riders were scattered all over Rohan and they were all bound by their oaths to the king. It would cost them dearly to follow Éomer into banishment. As the men saw Éomer approaching, the men saluted him. He acknowledged the salute and addressed them in a firm voice. "As you know, I am banished from Rohan – and if I return, it will be under pain of death. I will not ask of you to follow me, because you will be banished as I am, but if you do so of your own free will, I will be forever grateful! We ride, Rohirrim!" None of the men even hesitated; they all followed behind him. He turned and cast one last glance back towards Edoras; he saw Éowyn's lonely figure standing outside the Golden Hall, as she had done so often when he went away. He closed his eyes in pain and then spurred Firefoot on. His men followed in silence. They are leaving their families, too – and follow me into Béma knows what. ---ooo000ooo--- Éomer ordered scouts sent out ahead of them; he knew that they had to be careful as there might be parties of orcs waiting for them and he would not lead his men into an ambush. He was sure that the worm had wasted no time sending word to his master about the recent progress. After several hours' hard ride, they dismounted near a small mountain stream to water and rest their horses. The scouts returned, reporting that they had seen a large party of orcs and uruk-hai running as if evil powers were behind them across the plains towards Isengard. Éomer contemplated this for a while and then turned to his men. "We need not worry that we will be punished for slaying Saruman's hordes now, and at least these orcs shall not roam our lands anymore. We will follow them at a distance – and then when night falls, we will attack." Éothain nodded, passed on the orders and the riders mounted. They followed the orcs at a distance for the remainder of the day. When night fell, the orcs stopped at the outskirts of Fangorn and started chopping wood for fires. The Rohirrim crept nearer and waited in the dark. The uruks and the orcs started a fight between them, presumably over food. Éomer smiled grimly. "I think that now will be a good time to interrupt them; they seem rather occupied," he whispered to Éothain, who nodded his consent. He whispered his orders to the men, and at a sign from Éomer, the riders split up and attacked the camp from both sides. The attack was swift, but intense, and their rage bitter. They all had something or someone to revenge. In no time, the ground was covered with dead orcs; none were left alive. Two of the riders had been killed and the others buried them in silence before they piled up the corpses of the orcs and burned them. Being so close to Fangorn made them uneasy; it was as if the entire forest rumbled and whined menacingly. They felt uncomfortable about camping so close to the forest and removed themselves to find a place to rest for what remained of the night – also to get away from the burning pyre of foul-smelling creatures. Éomer ordered them to settle down until sunrise. Some slept, some – among them Éomer - could not and he just sat staring out in the darkness, contemplating their next move until he saw the blood red sun rise on the horizon. 17