I thought that I could wait, I find that I cannot. I cannot go on doing what I do without her by my side. I cannot sleep; my thoughts are ever disturbed by the vision of Lothíriel – I want to make her my wife, and soon at that!" Imrahil grinned. "Aye, I thought that that might be the case when your messenger arrived. And I must say that it would make things easier around here as well. Truly, my daughter has been more of a handful than she usually is, waiting for you to change your mind and come to woo her." He truly looked, as he was quite amused as he continued. "And I readily give my consent. I believe that we shall be able to find a way to go around the strict rules of protocol of Gondor when it comes to betrothals and marriages. After all, you are a sovereign of a nation and should be married according to the customs of your own country." "I would like to announce the betrothal at the same time as I announce my sister's betrothal to Faramir officially – and then be married perhaps at midsummer next year? That will leave me amble time to prepare for her coming, for the wedding and her coronation – and then my advisors and my nobility will know that I have chosen ….. and that they need not chase me anymore. I am going insane of all their scheming to have me marrying one of their daughters --- and I only want Lothíriel!" Now Imrahil was grinning openly. "You sound just like her ---- she informed me the other day that I needed not exert myself to find a suitor for her. Even though you had said nothing yet, she knew that she wanted only you – and that she knew that you would be coming for her soon ---- when your messenger arrived, she had her horse saddled before anybody even had a chance of reacting and rode out to meet you." I laughed, very relieved. "Then Imrahil – would you have her fetched? I would very much like to ask her – now!" Imrahil grinned wryly. "She is probably just outside the door, waiting impatiently." He went to the door and opened it. And as he had predicted, Lothíriel was waiting outside – together with a chuckling Amrothos – with a most impatient look on her face. "Daughter, will you join us?" Imrahil asked. Lothíriel stepped into her father's study, her eyes not letting go of me for a second, and she stopped just in front of me, a beautiful smile on her lips and her cheeks pink from excitement. Imrahil looked at her, a smile moving up into his eyes. "Daughter, Éomer King has approached me with a proposal. He proposes marriage to you …." He did not get any further, before he was interrupted by Lothy. "Oh, Ada, you need not be so formal. You know what my answer will be – yes, I will gladly marry Éomer…" and then she flung her arms around my neck. And what could I do besides kissing her? Imrahil coughed discreetly, but as he discovered that it had little effect, he left us. That is what he must have done, but I did not discover this until much later when Lothy freed herself from my arms with a giggle. "Éomer – I think we need to …. You must be tired …. And, and you should have to wash and change. What am I thinking of?" "Love, you are ranting," I said, still with my arms around her. "And yes, I do need to change – but tired, never. I am so happy that you want to be my wife, that you want to be with me, even though I left you with such a vague promise." "I knew that you would come – eventually," she said with a smile, as she caressed my cheek, letting her fingers glide through my beard. "And how could you be sure of that?" I asked playfully, but I really did not wonder; in the little time I had known Lothíriel, I had learned that the Elvish blood in her made her aware of things that others might not perceive – and I was quite sure that she had read between the lines in my letters that I missed her – and I longed to be with her. She smiled at me and I could not help kissing her again, crushing her against me as if I never wanted to let her go. It seemed like hours later that I let her go, and she walked me to my room. ----ooo000ooo---- At midsummer the following year I married Lothíriel, Princess of Dol Amroth, and as I had expected she soon became as beloved by my people as she was by me – or anybody else for that matter. It certainly made my task easier having her by my side – and perhaps she is the real reason for the name that I have heard people all over my country calling me, Éomer Éadig – the Blessed. Aye, for certain I am blessed – I feel that every day that I am with her – and our children. I look up from my journal, because here she comes, my love, my light and my queen – asking me what is so important that I have almost missed my midday meal, haven't I heard her calling me? I go to her and kiss her – to the protesting looks and noises of my eldest sons and daughters, who do not think that a man, who is rapidly approaching his mid-forties should be kissing his wife in this manner and in broad daylight, but I do not care – because in their mother I still see the young woman I fell in love with in the Houses of Healing at Minas Tirith all those years ago ……….. 17