and stood beside his twin. When Thranduil waved his hand the guests and princes took their seats to listen to the elf king's words. "On this night we celebrate the safe return of Legolas, my son and subject" Thranduil said, his voice stronger then it had been in weeks. "The One Ring is gone from the world and Mirkwood at last free of shadow. Tonight we celebrate the life of Middle-Earth and the life that awaits us." When the king was seated, servents appeared silently and gracefully placing dishes, pouring goblets of wine and attending the lords present. Aragorn allowed himself to be served but felt deeply troubled by Thranduil's words. Did the victory over the One Ring not slow the departure of the elves? What if it sped up the depature because peace was now in the hands of Men and elves could leave Middle-Earth in peace? "You are troubled mellon nin" Legolas said, glancing at Aragorn as he cradled a crystal goblet in his hand. "It is a night of celebration and yet I see storm clouds in your eyes." Aragorn looked over at the Crown Prince, dressed in all his finery and yet did not see any of it. He saw the warrior dressed in simple garb carrying a bow and knives as the Fellowship trekked through the Misty Mountains, Rohan and Gondor. He saw his friend and yet now he saw also the elf prince as well and it troubled him deeply. "You know well what troubles my heart" Aragorn murmured. Legolas shot a glance at his mortal friend and sighed. He did know what troubled Aragorn and could read it easily in the Gondorian king's eyes. "Be at peace my friend until after the meal, then we shall talk." Aragorn nodded and ate but the motions were automatic. He could hear Sam and Frodo talking to Gimli, heard Legolas talking to Thranduil and heard at least a hundred other elves carrying on coversations but at the same time it was like he was underwater, hearing it all from a great distance. When the feast ended, tables were moved and music began. Lords and ladies swept onto the dance floor while doors opened to balconies over the palace gardens. As soon as Thranduil was distracted by Celebren and the others were deep in conversation, Aragorn snagged Legolas by the elbow and nearly dragged the prince out into the moonlit gardens. Legolas went along willingly enough though Aragorn suspected a few elves might be wondering if the prince was being kidnapped. Once they were alone under the moon and stars, Aragorn turned to study Legolas. The prince adjusted his tunic and shot a curious look at his companion. "You are troubled that deeply mellon nin?" "Aye" Aragorn said. "What is Thranduil planning? Does he mean to take his people from the shores of Middle-Earth now that the One Ring is gone?" Legolas laughed and leaned against a tree. "Mellon nin you should know by now the future to an elf is a different thing then the future of a Man. The future in which adar takes his people from Middle-Earth is approaching yes, but not until you are long dead my friend. The Age of Elves is over, the Age of Man has begun and as that Age progresses we shall fade. As I have promised I shall not heed the Call until you have passed from the world Aragorn. Do you not trust my word?" "If your father and brothers go, who is to say you will not go with them or fade from grief of loosing them?" Aragorn demanded. Legolas sighed heavily. "I would loose them only if I allowed myself to fade. If I did not, I could always find my way to the Undying Lands and find peace after you are gone. We should not speak of things like that on a night of celebration." "But they sit heavy on my heart like boulders. If they departed tonight, would you go with them? Answer me honestly." The elven prince turned his head and stared at the moon for a long while. "No" he said at last, turning to look back at Aragorn. Aragorn's breath caught in his throat at the look on Legolas' face. Though he had known the elf well over sixty years, he had never seen such an expression upon Legolas' face. The Crown Prince had always looked young, light, mischevious and serene but now he looked old and wise beyond his outward appearance. The moonlight lit up his fair skin making his natural glow brighter, his blond hair turned silver by the moon. Shadows thrown across his face cast him into a world of mystery, his blue eyes darkened to nearly black with the barest hint of a single star within the pupil. "I would remain in Middle-Earth as I promised though it would be a heavy blow to my heart. Breaking a promise to a friend would hurt far more for I know I would see them again, one way or the other. Time means little to an elf, Aragorn. I have my family for all eternity if the Valor wills it. I have you for a short time and yet if you called me, I would go to war for your cause but if my brothers called me at the same time I would leave them fight their own battles for I know they can if their cause is just." Aragorn sighed and studied his elven friend. "Are you sure?" Legolas threw him an incredlous look, the look of age suddenly rising from the elf. "Must you honestly ask me that Aragorn?" "Aye. I need to hear it." Heaving a sigh, Legolas looked up at the sky as if to ask 'why me?' "Aye Aragorn, I am sure." Looping his arm around Aragorn's, Legolas tugged the Man back toward the palace. "Come mellon nin, my father doesn't like his guests vanishing and you have an invitation to deliver."