their journey. Legolas picked up a bundle of weapons and then led Elfwyn back out of the stables and to the middle of the court yard behind it. "That looks like a lot of weapons," she said when he put the bundle down on the mounting block. "Some are spares," he said. "Another knife," he said and picked up a blade identical to the knife she already had. "And sheaths." "Whoa," she said. They were the kind that went on a person's back, just like his. The sheaths were thin but strong steel covered in stiff, green leather with yellow embroidery on the edges. Legolas showed her how to do all the straps and talked her through it and then encouraged her to pull the knives from her back. She did so and looked a little surprised when they came out easily. She instinctively felt their weight and spun them in her hands. He watched her for a moment realising just how much natural talent she had. She seemed to be completely in tune with the blades and moved her arms and wrists fluidly. He took his own knife from his back and she stopped moving, eyes a little wide. He chuckled. "I'm not going to attack you," he said. "You can also hold them like this," he said and spun the blade around so that the blunt side ran along his forearm. He sighed. "I wish I had time to teach you." "Where are you going?" "Isengard." "Isengard?" she asked in a high tone. "But –" "We have to go or else all hope is lost." He put his knife away. "Your bow." He passed her the only bow he'd been able to find that she would be able to wield. It was just shy of five feet long and had a curve on either side of the handle. Made from the heart wood of a yew tree it was just bendy enough to give long range without too much weight behind it. It had been coloured dark with age and he'd had to replace the leather grip. Elfwyn tested it without needing to be prompted. "It's good," she said. "Ideal for someone my size." "The string is elfish." She looked at it with new appreciation. A rare gift to be given to someone of the race of men indeed. "To aid aim and distance." "Why are you doing this?" she asked quietly and looked up at him. "You are still a child, Elf –" "I'm –" "But your king is right," he sighed. "If Éowyn dies the people will lose hope. None of us can afford that." "Childhood years are the most precious to an elf," she murmured. He nodded. "I am in a position to see that you experience as much of your childhood as possible. I would not be able to leave here with honour if I did not." "Thank you, Legolas." "Your quiver," he said and picked it up. "You are not yet tall enough or have enough reach to wear it on your back, but that will come with time." "Ma was shorter than me and Da not much taller," she snorted. She'd grown up accepting that she was going to be only a little taller than a dwarf for her whole life there was little point keeping it from an elf. Legolas attached the quiver to her belt without a word and stepped back from her. "There," he said with a slowly breaking heart for she was young, too young. "You will make your family proud." She blushed a little. Baldor had been telling her that for the last few years. She'd seen Legolas in battle and he was the most deadly person she knew, to hear such a compliment from him meant a lot. "The spares?" she asked. "Belts and arrows. They are elven made as well. They should last through many skirmishes." "You took them from the dead?" "Weapons do the dead little good, but no. Everything you have was left abandoned on the battle field." She sighed in relief. "Good. It is custom amongst our people to bury soldiers with their weapons. In war the custom is overlooked, but I still feel better knowing that. Thank you." Legolas passed her the spare belts and arrows. "Legolas," Aragorn called. "We must leave." They both headed into the stables. The horses were saddled and packs of food had been loaded as well. "You are older than we first thought," Gandalf said to Eflwyn. He was looking right at her from where he was stood with his horse. "This spring will be my sixteenth." "Still too young," Legolas whispered, but so quietly no one heard him. "I pray your life brings more fortune than you have seen so far." "Here," Aragron said from behind her. She turned to him. He was holding a gold brooch out to her. It was a circle, one end made up with the strong, gold pin. The middle was hollow and the ring was decorated with the pattern of branches. "I don't need anymore gifts, my Lord," she softly protested. Aragron stepped over to her and attached the brooch to her shoulder anyway. "This belonged to a friend of mine. Haldir. He would want someone with your bravery and courage to have it, elf or not." "I… Thank you. Good luck." He inclined his head. "We are going to need it." He led his horse out and was followed by a couple of rohan men. Then a horse stopped directly behind her. She turned and saw that Gimli and Legolas were sat on it. "Happy hunting," the dwarf said to her. "May thy paths be green and the breeze on thy back," Legolas said and then put his horse into a trot. Phew! What do you think? Please review and let me know. All characters, places and things belong to J.R.R. Tolkein. Apart from, you know, the ones I made up. I'm just happily playing in his sandbox.