he laughed gutturally - And why you were sneaking, instead of join us…? - - I wasn't sure, who's coming… - - Oh, fuck… You really should stop to be such coward, ye know? - - Alright ladies. - Indur made urging gesture - We need to go. And silence. - When darkness falls, they heard a call. Indur grinned widely and all looked at each other with relief, directing towards east. After some time, on riverbank appeared two black figures. - Oh, finally… Come on, gentlemen. - Witchking turned to welcome them. He looked at three men closely - Uvatha, sit down, before you faint. - - I already lost all blood, I could. - murmured Uvatha, though obediently sat heavily on the ground. He throw a quick glance to easterling sitting nearby and grinned - Hey lad, you look like a piece of orc shit… Why you're so jittery, you almost drowned too? - Khamul murmured something and turned his sight. Uvatha shrugged and lay on back, feeling deadly tired and sore. Wound started to burn him already, and he knew well, it will be worse and worse… Now, when shock and adrenaline faded, leaving only dull, terrible pain and stiffing muscles. Witchking approached him and kneeled beside. - It bleeds still? - - It was cauterized. - Captain nodded, appreciatively. - That's good… There's nothing more to do, then. - he examined lying men for a moment - You got fever. - - All that shit was dirty, ye know, captain … - Witchking suddenly touched his forehead. - Lay still… - he muttered, and nazgul felt like through his whole body flowed stream of power, easing pain and chilling rising fever. He closed eyes, barely conscious of other's voice, whispering some words sounding odd. After a moment, necromancer got up and left him. He woke up in middle of night, in great pain, that forced him to lay motionless and clenching teeth. All were asleep already, so he only swallowed curses and groans of pain, trying to not move and somehow survive till down. Indur opened eyes, still awaken, hearing silent groan and slight movement. He turned on one side, looking on other's naked back. Uvatha lay on side, shirtless, covered only to waist, with breeches ripped on right thigh. He silently groaned in pain again, trying to suppress the sound. Indur hesitated for a moment, then moved closer and stroked his hair in vain attempt to console him. Uvatha stiffened and turned slightly. - What are you doing? - - You suffer… - He nodded barely noticeable. - It's normal thing… I'll endure. - he smiled wryly - I have no choice, there's no medicaments nor even alcohol. - Indur felt sudden wave of pity mixed with devotion and tenderness; emotion, he couldn't name, what confused him somehow. Following the impulse, he leaned over, gently placing lips on other's temple. - What…? - Uvatha turned head surprised. - Shhh… nothing, shut up. - Younger men smiled slightly in unpleasant way. - Really, you don't need to care about me that much… I'm not some fucking lady. - Indur only smiled. - Just shut up, alright…? - he embraced the men in waist, stroking his cold skin and caressing his temple and face with delicate kisses. Uvatha sighed silently and relaxed, resting head on other's arm and enjoying his caress. - Ye know, I'm a little tired… - he murmured, amused - Tell the truth, you got horny with my pain and infirmity, don't you? - Indur ignored him, continuing slowly. - Shh, stop talking… I want to ease your pain. Just trust me… - He slid fingers on other's naked skin, enjoying curves of his muscles, and caressing with tongue his ear, what made younger men shivering. His breath hastened, when Indur sucked his neck, at the same time caressing erected nipples. He slid down his pants slowly, to not hurt injured leg, though Uvatha hissed in pain, wincing, when stained with blood material was broke away from drying wound. Both tried to be silent fearing, others could hear, but that only aroused them even more. After some time Uvatha panted with opened mouth, all heated, cannot control trembling body. He grabbed other's hand, placing it on own erection. Indur only licked his nape lasciviously, finishing with long kiss in mouth. When their tongues met, he slowly tightened grip. Uvatha swallowed moan, when felt strong fingers caressing him, sliding up and down on his flesh. He felt like other unbuttoned own breeches with one hand, and gasped in delight. Older men rubbed on him, still kissing his nape and temple; then entered his body carefully. Uvatha gritted teeth, but low moan escaped him when felt other's flesh inside, hard and heat. Indur embraced him tenderly from behind and silenced with deep kiss, moving slowly. He stroked men's skin and hair greedily, trying to master own breath, while controlled thrusts, making it careful and slow. He enjoyed new position and other's body in own arms, feeling in control; weirdly at the same time all that somehow seemed much more tender and intimate, than both times before. Uvatha gasped uncontrollably, arching his back and closing eyes in delight. - Harder… - he panted - Fuck me… - After a moment he dig fingers in ground, contorting face in ecstasy, when that reached its peak. Indur finished as well with long, deep sigh and stayed for some time motionlessly, resting head on other's arm He looked at men's face, only now seeing how deadly exhausted he was, with pale, almost marble white lips and circles under eyes looking like bruises. Uvatha exhaled deeply, touching his hand, without opening eyes. - Thank you… - he muttered and instantly fall asleep, finally released from pain. Indur smiled slightly, carefully releasing hand from his grip and arranging pants. He took off own cloak, covering younger men, and turned on side feeling pleasant laziness, not bothered even with cold and chilly mist.