between long, wet kisses. - I know… - Sauron smiled - And I even didn't need to look into your mind to see that… - Black Hand gave him quick glance, partly amused and partly ashamed, and rubbed his face on masters neck, slowly sliding off his hood. - Let me, my lord… - he whispered softly. - I allow. - Sauron leaned back, enjoying careful caress. Men looked surprised on maiar's face; torn and miserable, yet betraying signs of inhuman beauty. For the first time he saw angelic being, whom he served and sacrificed own life and felt enchanted. Sauron stroked his back, somewhat surprised with men's reaction. He embraced him tighter and kissed in forehead, as reward. Then again slight grin curved his lips. - It's enough here… - he murmured, when men tried to kiss him again - Let's try something else… - He sucked men's chest, forcing him to moan, and supported his hips, with one hand removing his breeches and then, unbuttoning own robe. Their naked skin touched, making both shivering. Black Hand completely lost control over own instincts and started caressing hungrily lord's torn body. He moved both hands through his chest and ribs, biting seductively and rubbing at him, breathing fast, with heart beating so hard, he heard loud hum of blood in ears. After some time, he kneeled and started to pleasure his master, feeling his hands in own hair. - Stop… - Sauron hissed finally, holding his head - Enough. - He lifted men's body with easiness and sat him again, embracing firmly and slowly entering his body, caressing with one hand his flesh. Black Hand's moans were low and ragged, when sucked master's lips again, moving fluidly on his hips. He closed eyes feeling him inside, with ecstatic and serene expression, feeling no pain this time, despite big size. If it was because of arousal, or something else, it gave him only sharp, gradually increasing pleasure. He throw head back, tensing muscles, trying to move his hips, but Sauron hold him in place, forcing submission. - Not so fast… - he whispered - I want to savor you… - He made it in slow, voluptuous way, moving fluidly and deeply. His thrusts were almost unbearably slow, making the men trembling and panting in desire to hasten. - Please my lord… - he gasped after some time - I can't… - His voice broke in moan, when Sauron finally thrust harder, making him completely forceless, sweated and limp in his arms, when pleasure become unbearable and powerful orgasm shook his body. He screamed lowly, digging fingers in master's back, and after a while felt other's spasm, inside his body. He stayed motionless for some time, still in master's embrace, with head resting on his shoulder, gasping and feeling like his own breath gradually slows. Sauron also didn't move and only stroked delicately his hair and back, enjoying closeness of other being. Finally men raised his head, looking straight into mesmerizing eyes, now without any fear or shame. He pulled maiar's hand and kissed gently inside of its palm, in gesture of deep devotion, saying more than any words. - We were one for a moment. - he though - I felt your might… - Sauron smiled slightly, hearing in his mind. - I let you. - he answered aloud, surprising the men - I saw, you offered me yourself in much greater measure than any mortal before… Beside a body, you gave me your heart and soul. I'll teach you magic… You'll become powerful one day. - - You're fucking kidding me… - - No, truly, I screwed him so hard, he won't sit on his rear for the next week… At least! - Tower ended with deep satisfaction, swigging beer form large mug, and leaning comfortably. Hammer looked at him with something close to admiration, but then only winced in grin. - Damn, I believe you… It's disgusting, you know… I have no idea why I'm still drinking with you, bugger. - Tower only laughed. - You should try, I told you already… It's the best way to make a rag with someone… Specially with our young, fair and pissing off officer. - - Stick yourself in ass such advices. - Hammer took a big gulp and smashed the mug on table, growing serious - Now, you had fun, alright… But you shouldn't act so hastily. You made yourself a deadly enemy. And not with anybody. - - Said someone, who used to kill before ask… Besides, I'm not afraid of him. - Tower frowned angrily, avoiding other's look - I would do that again gladly, you should only see him… All his pride faded, leaving only weak, vulnerable men… - - I want to see him now. - said Hammer, wondering if black captain wasn't exaggerating - And why he still sit there? He supposed to leave right after you. - - Maybe he fainted. - Tower laughed silently, but deep inside, felt anxious - He was pretty injured when I finished with him… Or maybe lord wanted to talk with him in person… - - About? - - How do I know?! Oh, wait, someone's coming… - They looked through dirty window in captain's quarter. - It's him… - murmured Tower with sadistic smile - Look at his face, I bet he cried like a girl… - suddenly he paused with jaw dropped - … The fuck…? - Both looked at each other, Tower in deep shock, Hammer with some mockery. - Well, he looks quite relaxed… Specially for someone who was just raped. - - How is that possible… Lord healed him… - black captain's voice was perplexed - He couldn't walk normally in another case… - - Then, he must be in favor. - stated Hammer - What means, you're dead already… - Tower only drank in silence, gulping almost half of a jug at once. Future slowly started to look bleak… At least for him.