(A/N: If that's possible at all) with scowls deepening. "You can't possibly still be mad at that, I mean, all we did was play the Barney (I DONNOT own it) song all day non-stop (If you ask me that's enough to drive anyone insane). "Is that all?" Vegeta scowled. "Well, we did give Dodoria some stuff against constipation and then locked you all with him in a room without a bathroom... (AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!! Run for your lives everyone!!!!.... Oh and in case you don't know who Dodoria is, he's this really big, pink, fat guy from DBZ, who served Frieza)" Saikada added to the one Kaura told and then the two giggled a little. "Yeah, that was a good one." Kaura snickered. Saikada joined her. "That was not funny!!!!!!!!" Vegeta yelled, veins popping out on his forehead. (You know Vegeta) "Ah, sorry." Kaura replied, holding up a hand. "Anything else you'd like to add?" Sesshomaru asked coldly. "Mmmmmmmm...NAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!!!" the two said in unison, grimacing. Vegeta was not at all happy about that. "That's enough!!" he yelled. "Now let's go! We better be on our way." He added giving the girls a shove. "Where are we going?" Saikada asked. "First of all, I want to know what the three of you are doing here." Vegeta scowled at her. "Well, what are YOU doing here?" Kaura asked, pointing at him. "Going somewhere." Hiei gave her a warning glare, silencing her. Or trying to anyway. "Where are we going?" Saikada asked again, growing a little impatient. "You'll see when we get there." Vegeta answered. "Well, why can't you tell us now?" Kaura asked. "Because we don't want to tell you." Vegeta smirked. "Yeah, pick on us cause we're younger." Kaura said, sounding hurt. Saikada and Nemesis sniffed behind her. (A/N: We shouldn't be the ones talking about getting picked at, but who cares?) "And serves you right, brats." Vegeta replied, starting to walk off. "What?" Kaura complained. "Fine them, you big, stupid jerk!" she hissed, turning her head away. Vegeta sharply and threateningly turned around. "What was that!?" the Saiyan Prince yelled furiously. "Uh..nothing." Kaura answered. "Didn't sound like 'nothing' to me." Vegeta scowled. "I just... said..you..were...unjust.Yeah, that's it!" "Right, I'm sure That was it." Vegeta snorted, but left the young demon alone. "Oh yeah, I'm sure he believed that one, Kaura." Saikada sneered. "Shut up. I'd like to hear what you woulda said." Kaura growled. "I'd come up with something better than what you said." Saikada replied. "Yeah, whatever." Kaura scowled. "Hey, you guys! Check this out!" Nemesis called, walking up to them. "I found our stuff!" Kaura and Saikada snatched the bag from her hands and started looking through it. "Oh cool, my CD player's here! And so are all of my CDs!" Kaura exclaimed. "Dude! Mine too! Awesome!" Saikada added. "And there's a bunch more of our stuff here too!" "Yeah!!" the two yelled together and continued looking through the bag. "Hey, don't I get any credit for finding it?" Nemesis asked. (A/N: A bit frustrated I might add) "Yeah, whatever." The two replied. But before Nemesis could yell at them (And I mean yell. Like seriously spass) Vegeta called them. "Alright, we head west and before nightfall we should reach our destination." The Saiyan said and immediately took to the sky, the other following. "Well, what about Nemesis?" She can't fly." Kaura remarked. "I guess we'll have to carry her." Saikada shrugged. With that they each grabbed one of Nemesis' arms and took to the air, following the others. "Ugh! You really are a burden, you know that?" Kaura growled, holding on to Nemesis, making sure she didn't drop her. (A/N: Or did she?) "Hey, you guys need me! I'm the intelligent one!" Nemesis answered. "In what sense?" Saikada asked, gloomily. "She's being sarcastic." Kaura told the Saiyan "I figured." Saikada replied. "Hey you know I'm the smart, so cut that out!!" Nemesis yelled, kicking. "Dude! Quit that unless you really want to feel the ground underneath you again!" Kaura yelled. (Yes, Nemesis, we'll drop and then watch in amusement as you scream in fear as you're falling and then hit the ground. Muahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!... hm.. Just Kidding!) "And hard!" Saikada snapped, very, very angrily. (A/N: Mad beyond belief) Nemesis stopped her kicking and the other two girls were trying to keep the rest of the group in sight. They flew for long, long hours, falling steadily behind. It was enough exhausting their own energy by flying for that kind of distance and that kind of time, but trying to hold another in the air with them was pretty difficult. More than once they almost let go of their friend (Did you hear something, sounded like a yell. Nah, it was just the wind. But where did Nemesis go? How'd she do it? JK) dazed with exhaustion. Finally when it was well past nightfall, and the demon and the Saiyan thought they would fall to the ground at any moment, the group was landing. The two gladly went after them, and landing themselves, they let Nemesis go. The demon and the Saiyan were exhausted beyond belief and paid no attention to their surroundings. "Hey, you guys, look!" Nemesis yelled, pointing to a beautiful structure. Kaura and Saikada did not respond. "It looks like Rivendell! Let's go see it!" Nemesis yelled again and pushing her friends to the side she ran off. Too weak to realize anything, the two fell and hitting the ground hard, they passed into dream, and Nemesis happily bounced away ooohing and ahhing at the palace of the Elves. A/N: Hope you had fun with this chapter. More to come and probably more funny. And the way I was making fun of my friends and favorite characters, I didn't really mean it. It was all in good fun. Well, if you review it'll be awesome. Thanks a lot to all of you who have read and review my work, it's really cool that you guys do that. Thanks.