did shadow claim you so soon?" "Grieve not!" "How can I not, my lord?" "It is forgiven! Great heart will not be denied." "No greater heart than yours shall walk-I am but a coward-luggage! I could not protect you, nor serve you any better than I swore I would!" "Live now in blessedness;" "Curse this world!" "And when you sit in peace with your pipe, think of me!" "Why imagine? You should have been here beside me, my lord! My lord.." Merry crumpled, shivering and revolting as he wailed louder, sending several maids who were nearby into shock. But none approached his courters-none dared to disturb the healing process. "For never now shall I sit with you in Meduseld, as I promised, or listen to your herblore." At this, Merry did not reply. In a swift movement he lifted the pipe form his side and thrust it across the room. The wood clanked against the wall and fell, rolling a little on it's side on the cold, stone floor. Merry wept for some time, well into the cover of the night before he composed himself enough to slip from his bed and retrieve the pipe, coddling it and cuddling it as though it were a child who hand fallen and the parent had raced to ease it's discomfort. It was hours alter, still under the cover of night, when Merry lit the pipe once more. The embers glowed on his tear stricken face, his eyes swollen and too dry to cry further. All was still and quiet that night, yet Merry felt sleep would never come to him. "Rise now, Meriadoc," Merry did not stir. "Esquire of Rohan of the household of Meduseld!" Merry coughed suddenly, in taking too quickly on that inhale, and as he cleared his throat, the voice rang throughout his ears, melodious and proud. "Take your sword and bear it unto good fortune!" Ill fortune, Merry thought. What good is a sword that cannot protect those whom the wielder loves? "As a father you shall be to me!" At this memory, Merry froze. The pipe lay still, hovering beside his lips as the words repeated themselves in his mind. "As a father you shall be to me!" Merry had a father-a kind man, the Master of Brandybuck was. As good as a hobbit could ask. But the late king.. "For a little while." "Too short," Merry spat as an array of all emotions roused in him. Anger that this father figure had left so soon, never to fulfill his promise. Sorrow that never again would Merry look upon the man's living face and be warmed by his kingly smile. Joy that he had known the man, but most of all regret and grief and bewilderment that he himself could not do more for this man. This man who he claimed was to be 'a father to him'. "You never kept your promise," Merry bitterly announced to the air about him. "The halls of Meduseld, you said, we'd ride in together to! I would behold their magnificence, and then I would smite you with tales of the Shire and of my knowledge of the weed!" Merry laughed. "I do not doubt you can hear me now-I only wish I'd have seen your face, bewildered at amazement on such a foreign land! And behold! Never did you try this unearthly gift, this pipe-weed, with me as you said!" "As you promised," he muttered in a low voice. "I cannot serve you any longer, m-my lord," Merry said, and he felt the knot return as he stiffened and rose his chest proudly. "But you died for your country-for Rohan-and no esquire of the Great King Théoden's would I be if I did not honor that value! I will serve Rohan yet-I will not let your death be of vain. I cannot lead a country-I cannot even protect a single man. But I can swear my allegiance to the land we both have come to love, and if I cannot do it by your side then I shall in your memory! I am Meriadoc-" "Rise now, Meriadoc," "Esquire of Rohan of the household of Meduseld!" Their voices spoke in sync now. "Take your sword and bear it unto good fortune! And I do plan to do so, sir." "As a father you shall be to me!" "For a little while," Merry whispered. "Théoden king, Théoden king! Farewell! As a father you were like to me, for a little while! Farewell!" A/N: UWAH! I haven't submitted anything in forever T_T And what do I do? I plunge into new terrioty! I've never submitted a LOTR fanfic, n I think it shows lol-Personally, this spawned because I recently re-read the series and fell back in lvoe with it all over again-and I really once again admired the relationship between Merry and Theoden! Their quotes of 'for a little while' brought me to tears in their continuity, and when I delved into LOTR fanfiction, I was disappointed no one had done anything catagorized under these two characters (If there is a story out there that explores these two, and I have'nt found it yet, you'd be very kind to direct me to it thank you! And I'll apologize for I know I can't be the first to write on this subject!) I'm not particularly happy with this, but I'm satisfied-Personally, I don't like my one shots unless I'm balling in tears by the end! (T_T) I did tear up slightly, and I really do hope I managed to touch the few readers of this oneshot! That might be asking a bit much, but I just really like these two characters and all! Well, I hope I portrayed them alright-really, only Merry is ever present, so really I hope I portrayed Merry alright! I'd love a review and I accept flames-I know this sure will deserve some, especially with my inexperience written clear as every other word in this fic! So, please, R&R! :3