to his back and kissing his nape - I'm not in mood. - - You're drunk. - murmured Black Hand. He continued caress, sucking other's back muscles and touching his sides. Hammer felt gradually growing desire and turned, facing younger men, embracing him firmly. Black Hand only lay belly up and looked at him expressionlessly, what makes him even more aroused. - If you're asking for that… - Hammer pressed him with own weight, sucking his chest, arranging more comfortably between his legs, noticing, he was naked. Their bare skins touched closely, what made both shivering. Hammer slid fingers in other's hair, caressing him, while younger men stroked his strong arms, palpating deep, ragged scars. He moved hips up, at the same time tearing the towel form other's hips, wishing to be possessed right away. Suddenly door slammed open, and Hammer froze, imperceptibly tightening his fists so hard, that caused pain to other. Tower looked on them with jaw dropped. - You…with HIM…?! - Hammer instantly sat right, covering his loins with sheet. - That's not what you thinking… And what the hell are ye doing here?! - Tower only stared at him, too shocked to answer - You've finished raping that child?! Then go somewhere else! - - Well… I only wanted to tell you, there's a free bed… - he started, grinning maliciously - But apparently, you prefer some other bed… With it's content. - - Shut the fuck… - - Enough. - Black Hand grabbed Hammer's arm, looking shamelessly straight in his eyes and breathing hard - Fuck me… Don't mind about him… - Before Hammer realized what's happen, he found himself again on top of younger men, who sucked his lips hungrily, feeling like his loins aching and burning, now less tensed about whole situation. - If you like fucking so much, you'll watch it, pervert… - he thought addressing to Tower, purposely becoming more brute and obscene. Black Hand bit him seductively and moaned, feeling his hand between thighs, sliding more down and caressing him, wetting him with saliva and preparing for intercourse. Tower observed with eyes widened, instantly feeling wild lust. He started to pleasure himself almost involuntary and kneeled beside the bed, starting to touch both while, sliding hands on their sweated bodies. - Leave, don't touch me… - snorted Hammer, angry but unwilling to stop what he was doing - Get out! - Tower only grinned to him, leaning over and caressing with his tongue inner side of Black Hand's thighs. Young men moaned aloud, closing eyes and contorting face in pleasure. Hammer entered him in one, slow thrust, making his body trembling, and kissing him hungrily while. He felt like Tower caressing him too, leaning over lying men; their tongues met in his mouth, sliding in slow, sensual way. Then Tower moved behind and licked his back, rubbing on him with murmur of pleasure. Hammer only growled, without turning his head. - If you touch my rear, I'll kill you. - he warned, focusing again on young men, moving more brutally inside his body. After few thrust Black Hand trembled, breathing hardly with long moan. His tensed, ecstatic face was captivating. Tower also observed, for the first time seeing his captain like that, surprised how different got his cold features. He leaned over and licked slowly his face with long tongue, enjoying salty taste of his sweated skin. Hammer finished soon with low growl and lay on side, catching breath; he still felt dazed by powerful experience and alcohol, what makes him strangely melancholic. Tower kneel beside, looking at them both, tensed and unfulfilled. Hammer noticed after some time and grinned to him. - Well, someone won't sleep well this night… You seem disappointed, my lad. - - Yeah, what's a fun… Maybe I should screw you then…? - Black Hand lifted on his elbow and suddenly smiled lightly in half- sad and half- mocking way. - I'm too merciful… - he murmured, in one quick movement touching other's erection. Tower took loud breath, surprised, and after a second moaned lowly, when other pleasured him with mouth. - Aaaah… damn you… - he tensed all muscles and growled in pleasure, in last moment pushing back men's head, before releasing his fulfillment. Black Hand retreated, still with disturbing smile and arranged himself on bed. - Satisfied, Tower…? - Numenorean only looked at him, panting hard. Hammer grinned, amused by whole situation, wondering secretly, if all that wasn't a dream after drinking too much. Tower rose as first, arranging his clothes, still with confused expression. He leave the room without a word, walking heavily. Hammer also sat, covering his hips, feeling secretly reluctant to leave. He looked on Black Hand, who lay motionless with half- closed eyes, and felt oddly seeing him so vulnerable and shamelessly bared. He has just got up, when Black Hand grabbed his wrist, snuggling own face to his palm, kissing it delicately with wistful sigh. Hammer flinched surprised and frowned, hearing men's silent whisper. - You remind me of him… - - What…? - - Nothing important. - Black Hand released his hand, making short gesture with chin, what other interpreted as dismissal; again far an cold as usual. He opened door of Tower's room, seeing additional, clean bed in corner. Mutilated captain looked at him from under half- closed eyelids. - Here you are… You said tender goodbye to your fair lover…? - - Shut up. - Hammer sat angrily on bed - Stop that shit. You should be glad, beside. - Tower grinned widely. - Oh, I AM. Believe me, I didn't know, our boss is such a hot bitch… - - Watch your tongue. - - You defend him…? - - No, idiot. But he is Sauron's right hand; better don't forget about it… - Hammer said in slow, threatening way, ending the matter. Tower murmured something to himself, turning on side. After some time, Hammer heard his low, regular breath and also fall asleep.