Da-!" Pippin stammered, backing away from Maggot. Maggot forced Pippin into a chair and wound his hair around him tightly. "That does it!" Maggot snarled, grabbing Pippin's tresses in one hand and grabbing a pair of scissors with the other, "We'll see how much he loves you now!" "No!" sobbed Pippin. But it did no good... in a swarm of viscious snaps, his russet locks fell to the floor, group by group. The furious Maggot ignored Pippin's sobs as he savagely cut his hair short. Before Pippin realized what was happening, Maggot had hit him hard over the head with a book. Gathering Pippin's shorn hair and attaching the end of it to the window-latch, Maggot then picked up his unconscious son and climbed out of the window with him. Maggot, with the still-unconscious Pippin still over his shoulder, carried his son further into the forest and left him there to fend for himself. That night, Farmer Maggot lie in wait for the one that had corrupted his son. "Peregrin, my Peregrin, My darling one so fair, Peregrin, my Peregrin, Let down your auburn hair," Merry sang as he eagerly awaited seeing Pippin. Pippin's locks fell from the window to meet Merry, but as he took hold of Pippin's hair, he faintly noticed that it felt cold and lifeless, but he ignored the odd sensation and climbed to the window. "Meriadoc Brandybuck! I've got you!" Maggot fumed, bursting from the shadows as Merry entered the room. "Farmer Maggot! What have you done with Pippin?" Merry angrily approached the stout farmer. "Nothing... compared to what I'll do to you for corrupting my son!" Maggot lunged at Merry. The younger Hobbit dodged the blow, hitting his rival as hard as he could, but Maggot was too strong. Merry decided to end the fight and started backing to the window. When Maggot tried to strike Merry again, Merry grabbed him and threw himself from the tower, taking Maggot with him as he fell... All that he could see was darkness. The cruel branches of the bush that cushioned his fall had also scratched his eyes out. While Merry was sore from the fall, he could stand. But he was blind. He wept in despair. How would he find Pippin now...? Pippin sighed as he glanced about at the trees. His hair, which had been cropped short, had grown back, and just kissed the nape of his neck. Still, what good was it to him? He had managed to survive from the berries, mushrooms, and wild apples that grew about him... and still he wondered what good it would do if he would never see Merry again. At least a year ago that it was when Maggot had cast him out, and worrying as he thought about Merry, his despair deepened. "Merry... how will you find me...?" he tried to swallow the lump in his throat and forced himself not to think of the one that he loved. He knew that the forest had to end somewhere... but he couldn't leave; Merry would be wandering forever and never find him. The pain in his breast sharpened and he buried his face in his arms. Merry wandered about, feeling for anything that might trip him. "Perhaps I should give up..." he thought in misery, but then he thought of the face that he held so dear and vowed to keep walking. Suddenly, he heard the sound of singing, in a sweet, wistful voice... a voice which seemed quite familiar to him. Recognizing it instantly, he walked eagerly in the direction of the sound as fast as he could. The sun was setting slowly in the west, casting an orange and pink glow over the land. Pippin, weary from the day, was singing to ease his pain and to relieve the silence around him when he suddenly heard a voice calling his name, a voice that sounded quite familiar. "Peregrin...? Pippin...?" Pippin froze. Merry had come! He was so near. "Merry?" Pippin sprang to his feet, gazing all about for him. "Merry!" "Pippin!" Merry nearly stumbled as he emerged into the clearing. He felt two arms eagerly thrown about his neck. "Pippin, my love!" He ran his hands through the now short locks, savoring their silken softness. He felt as if his heart would burst as he clasped Pippin. "Merry...! Your eyes-!" Pippin gaped in horror as he studied Merry's eyes, which were pale. "Your father, Pippin... he caught me... I'm blind..." Pippin found himself fighting sobs at the thought of somebody hurting Merry. "Let me hold you, Merry... lie down here in my lap..." Merry wearily obeyed him, laying his head in Pippin's lap. "I've walked for so long, Pippin," his voice was husky with emotion, "... through the forests, the cold nights... my eyes are blinded ... but I have found you... don't cry, Pippin..." "I can't help myself...!" Pippin squeaked feebly as he caressed Merry. Several of his tears fell into Merry's eyes... Merry blinked. Pippin's tears tickled his eyes, giving an unusual, though not unpleasant tingling sensation. His vision suddenly became brighter until he could see. They settled instantly upon Pippin's careworn, tear-stained face. "Pippin... I can see again! I don't quite believe it, but it's true..." They embraced madly, holding on as is they were afraid they would be swept apart once more. "Merry, my Merry-!" Pippin sobbed for joy. "At last, I'm with you again...!" gasped Merry as he kissed the lad that he had painfully sought... The Party Field was alive several nights later. Merry's parents warmly welcomed him home and introduced Pippin to his birth parents, who readily accepted him. "Merry, you've found our son! Bless you!" Eglantine cried as she embraced him. "You've taken good care of him. He's yours now as well as ours." Paladin added. Merry looked at Pippin, who stood nearby, smiling shyly, but looking radiant. Joy filling his being, Merry brought him close for a kiss... And they lived happily ever after... Finis.