laughed. "Still no idea, though judging from the way Great Uncle Adindel managed to keep Ginny in bed for an entire four weeks even though they were not supposed to be binding for ages, it is something he was not this time round." They both laughed. Suddenly they both felt an arm on each of their shoulders. "So this is what kept you so occupied, then?" Behind them stood Ainicánë, Mána's twin brother, grinning like a complete nut. "Yes," Mána sighed, "This is Lirinandië, who I am courting, now if you wouldn't mind telling me what you are here for then buggering off?" He did not sound impressed by the interruption. "Oh, but I would mind! You've been keeping secrets from us, brother mine. How long, how did you meet, why bother keeping it a secret? There are so many questions to ask!" "The answer to the last question is because I knew that the moment I let slip there was someone I was interested in, then I would have the inquisition on my tale!" He pulled Lirinandië up, "Shall we go somewhere more peaceful, wood nymph?" She nodded wondering, how they would get away from his brother, having walked here when Ainicánë had ridden here. As they walked past the horse, Mána lifted her up onto the front of the horse and swung up himself then pushed the horse into a gallop, leave his brother standing there in shock. "As soon as he gets home, he is going to tell my parents. Would you mind meeting them now? I'd rather be the one to tell them, it is probably safer." Mána asked after having rode for a while. "Meet them? Now ? I can't meet them dressed like this!" Lirinandië was virtually on the verge of panic, rather scared of meeting two members of the elfin royalty even more illustrious than her beau. "They won't care what you are wearing, my mother is a likely to be in leggings and tunic as I am, and they are not exactly the most formal of people. You are talking about two people who, by preference, used to live with the northern Dunedan, and from what I have heard, that is not a life of royal luxury." Lirinandië eventually agreed to be introduced to his parents, slightly reluctantly though still very nervously. Much to her surprise, when they arrived, her sister was also present. Glorfindel and Prince Elrohir were over one side of the garden talking about something while Princess Miriel and Lúciel were sitting, playing with the baby in the middle of the lawn. At the sound of hooves, all four looked their way. Mána stopped the horse and helped Lirinandië off. "Lirinandië! What are you doing here?" Lúciel called when she saw her next to the Prince. Mána answered for her, "I wanted to introduce her to my parents, Lady Lúciel. I was unaware that you two were acquainted however." Lirinandië looked down at the ground. "Lúciel is my older sister." "Well, that explains that!" He said as if it explained everything in the world. At the multiple curious looks he elaborated. "Anyone beautiful enough to snare Lord Glorfindel must be related to you, especially since you are of the same race." "He's smooth, I'll give him that," her sister laughed. Mána then led her over to his parents, his father and Lord Glorfindel having joined Miriel during the conversation. "Ada, Naneth, may I introduce Lirinandië, who I am courting." Lúciel went into an extended coughing fit and while the rest of the group just looked mildly stunned. "When did this start? I would have thought I would have heard of it from my parents-in-law as soon as there was a hint of romance. They are usually busy trying to find you an ellon." Glorfindel asked. "It started at the festival for the birth of Airontur, Ulmö and Valya's son, though we had met before that." XXX She need not have worried, both of them were lovely, and her own parents were so over the moon that she had not only found a guy, but such a high ranking Elf that her Ada even forgot to say either be careful to her or to threaten Mánasairon. It was only another year and a half before he asked her to bind with him. "Wouldn't people comment on how short our courtship has been?" she asked worriedly. "Glorfindel and Lúciel, need I say more? It is not like they are the only example recently either and we have practically been taking our time compared with Great Uncle Adindel and Ginny, or Gil-galad and Charlotte." Lirinandië laughed, he did have a point. Her parents seemed to be the only people even slightly bothered with how short the courtship was, the rest took it in their stride and, as Mána had suggested, even considered it long, comparatively speaking. In light of the missed opportunities for parties to celebrate betrothals or marriages in the case of her older sister and a few other notable Elves, the Valar decided to throw particularly huge ones for the happy pair. The binding of the happy pair of course resulted in the last two unmarried royals (the adult ones, at least) being teased terribly about getting a move on in finding themselves girls, much to the amusement of everyone else. Fairly late into the evening, the happy pair snuck away before their friends and family could 'escort' them to the door of their wedding suite, with dirty jokes abound. In the room, Mána held her close before kissing her deeply. When he drew beck he smiled at her, "You know, I loved you from the moment I heard you sing. I had gone to that forest for quiet because I was lonely, yet when I got there I found the one thing that would ensure I would never be lonely again." He leant down and kissed her again. "I love you, my beautiful song in the woods." The end.