"are you going to tell me what is going on? Or must I continue looking like a fool?" Aragorn looked him in the eyes. "Where do you want me to start?" "At the beginning. That's usually the place to start, isn't it?" The anger in his voice dismayed even him. "That was many years ago. I've loved her since before I left Rivendell and my childhood behind. But my love was not returned." "Before—" "Yes. Do you wonder why I did not tell you? How could I, when we—" "You don't have to say it." "No, it's high time I spoke. I mean to marry Arwen." "You're talking nonsense, Aragorn. You know such things are not done." "Once they were, in another Age, and I mean to make it happen again. Halbarad, we are betrothed." Halbarad laughed bitterly. "Oh, that must be what everyone is so happy about, why Elrond turns to stone when you are together, and what your mother refuses to tell me." A spasm of pain crossed Aragorn's face. "It's difficult enough. I have no right to expect your support. But for the sake of our friendship, listen to me now. I met her again in Lórien, after I left Gondor thirteen years ago, on my way back to the North. I made up my mind to try again, and if she still spurned me, I would take a wife in the Angle. I knew we could not be lovers again, you and I, much as I might wish it." Halbarad hid his face in his hands. "You are only making it worse." "Do I not speak the truth?" Aragorn said furiously. "A man must marry and have children. Would you be unfaithful to your wife?" "Is that why you have kept apart from me? At least you could have let me know how you felt." " That would have made things worse. I have some honor, though you may not believe it. How futile to yearn after the past, or some present that cannot be." "And so you choose, as a Man, to wed a high lady of the Elves? Much more likely," snorted Halbarad bitterly. Aragorn paced restlessly. "She is willing to leave her people and live with me, renouncing the life of the Elves to be my wife and the mother of my children. I think you know what that means. No wonder that Elrond dislikes it; it would be strange if he did not. I can hardly bear it myself. This is how it is: Either I will achieve the kingship that Elrond says is my destiny, or the direct line of the Heirs of Isildur will end with me. Arwen will not be my wife under any other conditions; Elrond and I agree on that. Indeed, Halbarad, the world around us darkens so much that I believe the coming war will pose the same question: either the Dúnedain will reestablish their lordship in Middle-earth, or we will pass into legend. If we fail, I do not expect I will survive; and what is left of our people will disappear into the shadows. But no matter what happens, I will cause pain to the one I called father as a child. Either I fail him, or I take his daughter from him. Halbarad, she will die for me." "Is that why you keep it a secret then?" "Yes." "Even from me?" "There were two reasons for my silence," Aragorn said in a low voice. "If it were not for her—you are her only rival in my heart." Halbarad groaned in anguish. "Do you think that makes it better? You have no rival in my heart. But I've done what a man should, I've married and had children, though I too would die for you." Aragorn pulled him into a hard embrace and pressed his lips to his mouth. Shaking with desire, Halbarad began to pull at his clothes. Duty and virtue paled to insignificance in his heart trembling with love and passion. "Not now," hissed Aragorn. "When?" A musical laugh sounded from the trees, and Arwen stepped forward, the shawl slipping from her shoulders. Irissë followed her, wearing rather more clothes than the last time Halbarad had seen her, her eyes alight with merriment. "Oh, yes, now," said Arwen. oOo Golden light flickered through the room. Cushions of silk and soft wool and fur rugs lay scattered across the burnished wooden floor. Bottles of wine, bowls of fruits and nuts lay about in abundance, and a sweet fragrance of lilacs faintly scented the air. Four naked bodies entwined, came together, parted, in an entrancing dream. The red-orange glow of the setting sun colored the far wall when the two Elf-women stirred from their blissful reverie of sex-satiated Elvish dreams. Arwen sighed deeply at the sight of the two Men, flat out asleep. She touched Aragorn's face and got no response. "No," she moaned. "What's wrong with them?" Irissë asked. "They are sleeping. It's what happens to mortals. I found out early on that there's nothing to do but to wait for him to wake up. When he sleeps like that, it means he needs to." "You mean we can't wake them at all?" Irissë looked at the two Men with regret. "Oh, we could. But they would be very unhappy about it. And I only know one way to wake Estel up so that he is completely alert in an instant. I never tried it, but I know it would work. And he would never forgive me." "What is it?" "Rattle a sword in his ear. He's a man of war, so he has learned to be ready to fight that fast. But really it would not be a very kind thing to do." "No," Irissë agreed. "Don't worry," Arwen said. "When they wake up, they'll both be as good as new, maybe in an hour or two. Meanwhile, we have each other." And she turned to her friend with an inviting smile.