kill after three days. I don't know what she'll be ready to do to me after seven." "Hopefully," answered Aragorn, "she'll be ready to make love with you." The smile on the former ranger's face was one Pippin had never seen before. It occurred to the hobbit that he had never seen Aragorn's reaction to a naughty thought before. "Why don't you just tell her the truth? After all, things like this work best when both parties know exactly what's going on." "All right," answered Pippin. "I'll tell her everything. At least I can allay her fears about her own inadequacies." "Exactly," said Aragorn. "But, Aragorn," asked Pippin as he stood with his hand on the door, ready to leave, "why do you want us to wait a week?" "Two reasons," answered the king. "One is so that those herbs can start working, and another is so that you can have an adequate supply, if you know what I mean. You don't produce that much, and the more often you have relations the less you have. You haven't given yourself time to recover. Now I'm forcing you to give your body time to rest before trying again." "Oh," was all Pippin could say. He left before things could get any more uncomfortable. That night, before they went to bed, Pippin had a long talk with Diamond. He explained what he had done, and what Aragorn had told him, then he broke the news that they were to remain abstinent for seven nights. "What?!" she shouted. "He expects us to not do anything for a whole week? How can he do that and expect us to share the same bed? I don't believe this. Do you realize that the longest we've gone without has been four days, and that was when you were ill?" "Yes, Dear," answered Pippin in as calming a voice as he could muster, "I realize this. I told him you would not be the least bit happy about it also. I know this is going to be difficult for both of us, but we have to do it if we're going to have any hope of having a child. If it will make it easier, I'll sleep elsewhere. I could use the sofa in the sitting room, or even go down and sleep in the guard barracks, if you think that will help." "No," she replied in a much more subdued voice. "I'm sorry I reacted that way. I know you're doing everything you can to help us have a baby. I was just being selfish. I'll be good. You can stay. Now, go take those herbs. If I have to do without, then the least you can do is take any nasty medicine the king proscribed." Their week was over tonight, and Diamond wanted everything to be just perfect. Instead of dining with the king and queen, she prepared a private dinner for just herself and Pippin. She had told Arwen some of what she was planning, and the queen had helped her procure some mushroom, as well as a bottle of one of Gondor's finest wines. Diamond had also had a special dress made for just this occasion. It was a flowing gown, very unlike her normal hobbit-style dresses, with a very low neckline and flowing sleeves. She had also decorated the bedroom with springtime flowers and candles scented to match. When Pippin walked in, she escorted him to the table. He was so busy staring at her dress, and what it revealed (and what it barely hid), that he almost forgot his manners. At last, he remembered that he was supposed to pull out her chair for her and help her get seated at the table before sitting down himself. Once they were both seated, Diamond picked up her glass of wine. "A toast," she said, "to tonight, and all the promise it holds." "Hear, hear," said Pippin, picking up his own glass and touching it lightly to his wife's. After several minutes of quiet eating, Pippin finally looked closely at his wife again. "Did you make all of this?" he asked. "I certainly did," she answered. "I wanted tonight to be special, so I fixed a good hobbit-meal and I did a few extra things that you have yet to see." When they at last entered the bedroom, Pippin's breath was taken away by the sight and smell of it. To his thinking, it was like something one might find in Lothlorien, not in the midst of a stone city of men. He had to admit later that trying to remove his wife's cumbersome dress was actually quite fun. By the time she was released from it, they were both very much in the mood for a feast of a whole other sort. Afterwards, they both had to admit that a week without had been a very good thing. Before, one time had been all Pippin could handle, but this night he managed three. Diamond had been quite pleased, and told him so not just with words, but also with kisses and touches. After the last time, Pippin lay on his side with one arm draped across Diamond's waist. "That was wonderful," he said in a sleepy but satisfied voice. "You were wonderful." "You were pretty amazing yourself. I could get spoiled, you know." The only response she received was a contented sigh. Pippin was sound asleep. Diamond lay on her back just watching her husband sleep. He was so cute like that. She was determined to not move for as long as she could wait. Arwen had told her that afternoon that in order to insure the best chance of the husbands seed getting to where it needed to be, and staying there, the wife should lay on her back for at least half an hour before getting up and going to the privy. Diamond waited much longer than that and only got up when she could no longer ignore nature's call.