sitting room in Eleanor's house to talk, none of them had got home the previous night, Aini and Alya (amongst others) had better things to do anyway. When the pair announced their engagement, everyone was suitably happy, though none seemed all that surprised. Ellie had an interesting contribution to make though. "When you two started courting, I sent a letter to your father to inform him of such, since he seemed so determined to get you married off. He sent me one back, he is very happy about your choice, but expects you to hold up the traditions of you people – whatever that means." Alya suddenly went slightly pink as everyone looked at her expectantly for an explanation. After a minute or so she spoke. "I means that, as soon as possible, Aini and I are expected to ride out to my parents, since his already know (or else we would have to ride to them as well) and tell them of the betrothal. Once all parents know, we have a month to bind with each other. From the first night we are bound we are expected to spend at least a month somewhere private and not be seen at all in that time. We don't believe in wasting time." She was very pink by the end of the explanation. Ellie raised an eyebrow. "Would my summer house be private enough?" she asked, grinning. If looks could kill then Ginny's glare would certainly have done. Alya had heard that story so laughed with the rest of them. XXX Later that afternoon, Alya and Aini tumbled off their horses laughing, having galloped from his Aunt's house to the main camp of the Fire Elves and her parents' tent. Beside them was Aini's giant cat, with Rauco in his mouth, having carried the kitten with him. At the sound of delighted laughter, both of Alya's parents came out of the tent. Many of the Fire Elves, both male and female gathered round as well. As Alya neatened herself up, flattening her hair and removing locks from the decorative clips then pushed back her coat to reveal another set of green silk leggings and fitted blouse, her mother's jaw dropped and many of the Elves around her stared in shock. She had forgotten only her father among the Fire Elves had seen her dressed as such. Tough for them; she liked her new silk riding clothes, for they were so much more comfortable. "Alya, you have changed, my child; I have never seen you dressed as such," her mother said in shock. Aini laughed. "My mother decided to try getting her into some new clothes; she's even got her into a dress a few times. She looked absolutely stunning." If anything, the looks of shock increased. The idea of their tomboyish Princess in dresses and beautiful feminine clothing was one few of the Fire Elves could get into their heads. "Get into, Aini? I think that is an overstatement. I am still not entirely sure how those dresses stayed up." He laughed. "Oh, but you did look so nice in them, Orenya!" {My heart, Q} "You mean you liked the fact the highest point on them was about here." She put her hand at a fairly low point of her bust. It was true; the dresses had only just covered everything necessary. "You mean you don't like me looking at all that lovely skin of yours? Pity, I enjoyed it thoroughly." They looked at each other and laughed. Everyone, including Urúvion this time, stared at them in shock. Neither had noticed themselves going off on a little tangent. The Fire King spoke up. "Erm, Prince Ainicánë? Are you sure this is my daughter with you? She sort of looks like her but..." Both Elves laughed again. "Yes, Ada, I am Alyalóke; I've just spent too much time with a bunch of house-dwellers, who happen to be great fun and while I was there I discovered that I am really attached to things like hot baths, fine clothing, a large range of food and being able to read and write and work my way through their book collection." As she said this, she gathered up her kitten from the large tom-cat, who seemed a bit bored of carrying the smaller cat. Urúvion looked at her then the cat and back to her again in surprise. "I thought you had learnt to read and write... so anyway, off the recent changes in you, was there any particular reason for you visiting or did you just want to say hello?" Both Aini and Alya looked at each other, suddenly slightly nervous. "We came to announce our betrothal, Ada. The Dawnstar informed us that you had said that you wished for us to uphold our people's traditions." He smiled and laughed slightly. "I thought that might be the case, the Dawnstar did not think it would take you long to get engaged. Have you thought of your secluded place yet?" His eyes twinkled mischievously. Both Elves looked at each other then back at the Fire King. "Eleanor and Legolas' summer house?" They said in absolute unison and then collapsed laughing. XXX A little while later, the two stood in one of the upstairs rooms of the summer house that belonged to Eleanor and Legolas and opened a package left on the table with food supplies. Inside was a book bound in red leather with an embossed horse made of gold flames on the front. They opened the book to the dust cover sheet on which was written: For Alyalóke and Ainicánë I think you two will find this volume useful in your married life and considering the fact that you are supposed to spend a month in bed, possibly will find it as useful as Ginny and Adindel did. Charlotte They turned to the next page and on that, marked in swirly writing, was: The Karma Sutra With illustrations and an appendix of suggestions by Charlotte.