sword clashed with spear, and innocent men lost their lives to protect their allies, Haldir set onto the Uruk-hai with a furious expression, whirling around and cutting down 2 Uruks with one blow, as his double-bladed sword glinted and cut through the air with no sound. As he was cutting off the heads of 3 more Uruks (they were standing in a row, the brainless, dim-witted thick puppets), he heard a yell. "PULL BACK! PULL BACK!" It was King Théoden, calling for them to pull back into the caves. Haldir swung around, amazed that he would suggest retreating and giving up, when an Uruk came up behind him and swung his axe into his back. Haldir's breath caught, and he sank to his knees. The pain…the unbearable pain… Just as he was about to try and give a last blow, another Uruk came up behind him and flung his axe into his side. Haldir took a raggedy breath, and turned around slowly. The pain was now white-hot; it had reached the stage where it was so painful and excruciating that it had turned – pleasant, somehow. He stared at the piles upon piles of soldiers – Uruks, men and Elves alike – that lay against the wall. Dimly, he thought he could hear singing, and a bright white light was gathering speed as it approached him. (A/N: SO CLICHÈ, I KNOW! BUT I COULDN'T HELP IT!) His last thought, as Aragorn rushed over to him and caught him before he keeled over, was It is a strange fate that we should suffer so much fear and doubt, lose so many lives over so small a thing. Such a little thing. The answer, my friend Is blowing in the wind The answer is blowing in the wind Frodo clambered up the rocks, while Sam held steadfastly onto his hand. With a last immense effort, Sam heaved Frodo up and onto the platform, which was starting to shake. "Mr. Frodo," he panted, "we have to get out of here!" Frodo just lay there, his eyes closed and his face filled with pain. "Leave without me, Sam," he said weakly. "NO!" Sam roared, and heaved Frodo onto his back and ran out of Mount Doom, with the boiling lava close on his heels. He looked around frantically, looking for an escape, and found it in an outcropping of rock. He scrambled to the outcrop, and dumped himself and Frodo onto it. He lay there, heaving, while Frodo lay quite still. Sam was about to nudge Frodo, when a voice came from him – a voice that Sam had not heard since the last time they were together in the Green Dragon. Frodo's voice was amused. "Sam," he said conversationally, as if he was chatting with a friend over a mug of ale, "I never knew you could roar." Sam coughed, embarrassed. "Yes, well…" Frodo chuckled weakly, and Sam nearly hugged him. Frodo was laughing again! "Sam," he sighed, sitting up, "dear Sam. You're full of surprises." He then sighed deeply, and added, "It's a shame no one else will be able to find that out." Sam looked at Frodo incredulously. "What do you mean, Mr. Frodo?" Frodo looked him in the eyes, and as well as elation and exhaustion, he also saw defeat. "Sam, we destroyed the Ring. We succeeded in doing what we set out to do." Frodo sighed heavily. "But we won't be making it back home." Sam straightened, and looked at Frodo. "I know. It's all wrong. By rights we shouldn't even be here. But we are. It's like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger, they were. And sometimes you didn't want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it's only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something, even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn't. They kept going. Because they were holding on to something." Frodo smiled tiredly as the lava flowed around them. "What are we holding onto, Sam?" "That there's some good in this world, Mr. Frodo... and it's worth fighting for." Frodo snorted. "Another surprise," he said softly, "you've gone poetic." Sam rubbed his head. "Yes, well, when I wasn't thinking about the many ways to kill Gollum, I was doing something with this noggin." He tapped his head. And then lay back and promptly fell asleep. Frodo sighed (again), and laid his head next to Sam's. "I'm glad you're here with me, Samwise Gamgee," he said softly, and then fell asleep. Gandalf was searching for 2 hobbits. Precisely where they were or how they looked now, he did not know. The eagle that he was perched on suddenly let out a cry, and Gandalf looked down sharply. Upon an outcropping of rocks, he could barely discern the two small prone figures from the black and dusty surface of the stone they were laying on. He nudged the eagle he was on, and he sped towards the outcropping. --- Frodo felt the wind on his face, and opened his eyes slowly. He felt as if he was floating through the air…floating…riding the wind… He closed his eyes again. Is this how it feels, to die? All thoughts ceased then, as they seemed to enter a great light. The wind whispered to him, caressing him, comforting him… Telling him what he already knew. No matter how much shadow there is, a small pinpoint of light will banish it all. This world is worth fighting for. Worth everything.