knelt down to look. It was the ring of Barahir, the ring given to Aragorn, by Lord Elrond when he had told him of his past; the ring which proved Aragorn's identity as the heir of Isildur. A sob escaped his mouth, as he realised the meaning of this; he knew his friend would not let the ring go unless, he was in mortal danger, or it had been stolen from, him. On the roots of the tree, next to the dent where had found the ring, there lay a small smattering of blood. Perhaps he had rested here? Perhaps he had died here, Legolas knew not. He cursed the lack of memory from which he still suffered. In his mind the gap lay like a void, he could see it vast and empty between the pattern of the night before, and he seemed caught up in the fog. He had run for many miles and was exhausted, seeming no nearer to achieving his aim. He took the ring and placed it carefully within his tunic, close to his heart. If it was all that remained of Estel he would return it to Lord Elrond, though hope might be gone. Finally, fatigue would allow the elf to move no more. He still remained slightly sluggish, from what he now believed to be a drug induced stupor. He sat at the base of the tree where he had found the ring and rested his eyes. The silence in the air once again overwhelmed him, he did not understand these woods, it seemed as though nature had been drained, and all that was left was the trees. And then… then there was something. He heard a drumbeat in the distance, the sound of orcs rapidly approaching. The bare branches of the trees would barely hide him, and the elf felt he had nowhere to run. Doing therefore, all that was left to him, Legolas strung his bow, and waited. Suddenly they burst upon the grove, wherein the elf was hiding. He knew he could not long conceal his hiding place, and it was his duty, if he could to rid Middle Earth of the foul creatures, who once upon a time might have been his brothers. Seeing the debased creatures always brought with it a pang of sorrow for Legolas as he remembered from whence they had come. They moved, slowly and noisily across the ground, their feet gouging holes in the soft Earth, scarring the land with the evil of Sauron, they none of them cared for living things. Finally one began to move towards him. With a twang, Legolas released his first arrow, finding the temple of the Orc and hitting true. There was no place left to hide now. Running forward, his knives ablaze, the elvish warrior had only one end in mind. He sliced through skin like leather, releasing the dark blood from the prison like bodies. Within half an hour, he was fatigued almost to a faint and all the orcs lay dead. Turning from the bloody scene Legolas turned to walk away. He felt a knock on the back of his head, and his last thoughts were of the death of his friend. Beyond the End of my world Christina Rosetti All he seemed to remember now was pain, the trampling of feet and the bumps in the road. The daily drug administered to the ranger, left him fighting for memory. Most of the time there were shapes, some he recognised and thought he trusted, others seemed memories of darkness, of thrashing pain. Having proved that he would not remain obedient when trusted to walk, the dose had been increased, and he spent most of his time in a deep and dark oblivion; a hell, created by his own mind, and the pain that was thrust upon him. He woke only to find himself slung across the back of the horse. The pain in his side was still unbearable. His captors seemed to have realised that blood loss weakened the will and sapped his strength. The wound was now openly infected again, being deep and harsh and given no chance to heal. The ranger was running out of time and his body knew it. His hands, still bound behind his back could do nothing to quench the blood flow, with which drained also his life. As life ebbed, so did his will to live and even in his darkened dreams his body begged for release. When Aragorn awoke the land had changed. No longer was he surrounded by the lush green, darkness of the forest shade. Here there were few trees; they seemed to fear to grow. The land was barren; almost sunless, almost lifeless in its extremity. It was a view that Aragorn would not forget, although he was to claw for all other memories. This was the bare and ruined land of the Morannon, the gate of Mordor, although the ranger did not know it yet. But he did notice the heat, the stifling air, and the sense of evil that seemed to emanate from the ground itself. Even in his stupor he sensed a world at odds. Summoning his strength and raising his head slightly, Aragorn looked into the gloom of the distance and was shocked and horrified by what he saw, there ahead of him stood the black gate, beyond lay Ered Gorgoroth, the 'Mountains of fear', and the dread land of Mordor, even within his daze Aragorn's wrecked body shivered and pleaded to be taken no further towards the darkness and the evil that began to encroach upon his soul. As they marched towards it, towards oblivion and death, the great gate started to swing open; Aragorn could hear the creak of the unused hinges. Beyond stood darkness and death, and yet the group of corsairs marched ever onwards, towards the night and the might of Sauron. Finally they stepped through it…. And slowly the great gate began to swing closed.