now. I could be comfortable like this, the cold creeping of shadow has lost its power and there is a shimmering ahead, warm like a spot of sunlight among forest trees. The shimmer is silver and gold and white all at once as though I walk toward the centre of a rainbow. Gone are the cool tiles of Imladris, my feet fall full and heavy upon a verge of grass; it is soft with incredible clarity. Middle Earth was never this clear. Something lies before me, long and dark in the grass; I think it is a body. I walk, slowly savouring the breath of warm air upon my skin; it seems to wash me as though I were never clean before. At last I reach the body. It lies unmoving in the dewy grass, crowned with pearls of water. It is a man; he lies clothed in green. Dark hair curls unkempt across the noble brow. The eyes are closed and the lips seem unmoving as in death. The attire is poor and yet there is an air about him that seems dignified beyond his means. I kneel beside the body and for some reason I reach out. The brow is cool with gentle lines that speak of a gentle heart. The skin is knotted and I think he must have led a hard life and yet there is something inviting in the grim contours. Again I reach, this time taking a hand within my own. The knuckles are gnarled and scarred and would seem to have seen many battles. I take each finger and study them one by one. One bears a strange ring - two serpents and a green stone that shines like eyes – one devours the other upholds the stone. It seizes my vision and my thoughts; I know this ring, for I have seen it many times. I weep. 'Estel, Estel' I am beside you, can you hear me?' I beg of the warm air. It is becoming stifling. 'He is not here! He has gone beyond where you cannot follow.' Voices cry, mocking in the empty air, like vultures in the night. My knees falter and I land upon the soft grass again, my hand still gripped around your limp one. My tears are real and spill recklessly across skin and plant as though they alone might bring life to resurge. 'Estel,' I cry as one possessed, I cry for my loss. I am an elf; I do not know death and for so many years have shielded myself from it. Now it engulfs me in its emptiness and I try to beat my hands against it. I squeeze your hand so hard that the blood might begin to flow from it. 'Do not follow the hands that try to take you! It is not your time. You have so much to live for!' My voice does not seem to penetrate the thick still air of this clearing and I do not think you hear me. Your hand is losing its grip. How far is there left to fall? (Aragorn POV) I think I have reached the bottom of the Earth, is there no one there to catch me? I am ready to let go. I feel the tethers which hold me here, locked in the world of dreams, tense then loosen. Soon I will leave the pain of life behind, move beyond to a world where it cannot touch me. I feel I have suffered enough. In the distance there are hands and they are welcoming. They are ready to cut the bonds that tie me to the world forever. I am not like the elves, whose fate, whether they would choose it or not is to remain within the circles of the Earth. They are bound with Arda. However this is not the fate of men, which for so many years they have lamented, and tried to reverse to no avail. And yet, I welcome the release. I can see that the hands are inviting and kind, I think they will offer me a better place. The burden of life gone, perhaps I will embrace a new immortality. I want to go with them and reach out. I think they might stop me falling, the feeling terrifies and I do not wish to go lower but feel safe and secure. Yet it seems I am not ready yet. Once more I try and strain, but they remain inches from my grasp. But I can see their faces now, some blurred with a light I cannot fathom, others, (I think she is my mother) smile with benevolence. I had not believed Mandos to be thus, but merely a continuation of this world. They await me and I feel it is my time to go. I know I had a purpose once, but now it is gone. I float…. And feel… Now there is another voice that has entered my thoughts, and tugs on the tethers, which have not yet dispersed. It pains me and I do not want to answer this call, and yet the strength of it lifts me, drags me through the rocks, the mountains and strange lands through which I have fallen. I feel the rocks ripping open the wounds on my back and I am on fire. I am trying to find the release I once had, struggle to free myself from the world, reach out to the hands that were offered, but there is nothing. There is nothing for it, nothing left but this call in the darkness I must go, find the strength to answer it, to pull away from the hands of the dead in the stark darkness. My lungs take a real, deep breath, and pain wracks my body, but it is my pain and I feel it. It is there and I reach out to touch its fingers, welcoming the sense it gives me. My lungs are opening wide and I breathe again.