I am quite exhausted. It is rather late, and I must leave early tomorrow morn." Sarah's face suddenly took on a worried expression. "Um, you guys, where are we going to sleep?" Gandalf answered her. "Tonight you may have my bed. I shall be comfortable enough on the floor, but I deem that you are not used to such rough accommodations." He waved off the various protests. "Fear not, tomorrow I believe I can find you a room. Yes, I shall arrange that tomorrow. I must speak with Denethor at dawn, but I will return before noon. Do not leave the room until I return." "We're going to need a lot more than a room if we're going to stay here," Sarah said, practical as always. "We don't have proper clothes, we don't have any money…" "Yes, but come now, enough talk. Now is the hour for rest, and tomorrow will be time enough to discuss further." Gandalf said. He spread his cloak on the floor, using his pack as a pillow, and prepared to lie down. The bed was large, but not large enough for five girls to sleep comfortably, and so they spent a few minutes working out sleeping arrangements. The girls pooled together their collection of jackets and sweaters, and removed a blanket from the bed. They managed to make room for two people to sleep, albeit slightly uncomfortably, with bundles of clothing as pillows and the stone floor as a mattress. After much arguing and repetitions of "No, I'll be fine, I'll sleep on the floor" it was decided that Kavila and Erin would take the floor, and the other three would sleep in the bed. Just as they were curling up on the bed, the door creaked open. Everyone including Gandalf looked up with alarm, but it was quickly replaced by relief as a three-and-a-half foot tall Halfling stepped inside. All five girls sat up abruptly, faces set in expressions of shock and wonder. Gandalf rose and embraced the Halfling, ruffling his honey-brown curls affectionately as he noted the Halfling's soldierly uniform. "My dear Peregrin, you seem to have had quite a day," he greeted. But before the hobbit had a chance to tell Gandalf anything, multiple squeals broke out from the back of the room. "OH MY GOD! IT'S PIPPIN!" The hobbit turned, a puzzled look on his face. "It seems you also have had an interesting day, Gandalf," Pippin said as he regarded the five strange girls. "Ah yes, I forget myself. Some introductions are necessary!" Gandalf exclaimed. "It seems all of you know me, but I shall say them anyway. Peregrin Took, hobbit of the Shire, at the service of you and your family," he bowed. Adrienne leapt off the bed and offered Pippin her hand. The hobbit took it, bewildered, and Adrienne shook it heartily. "Adrienne D. It's a pleasure to meet you, Pippin!" she exclaimed. The poor hobbit looked a little dazed by her enthusiasm, and more so after the other four girls had introduced themselves in the same fashion. Erin, the last to shake hands with him, laughed as she stepped back. "Forgive us our excitement. We have read of Halflings, and of you, but this is our first time actually meeting a hobbit." Pippin chuckled. "It would seem you know more of me that I do myself. But I fear you have confused me with another of my family, perhaps. No one has ever written of me. This is my first adventure." "Um, well, it's a bit of a long story, but basically we aren't from Middle Earth. In our world there are books about this War and about Bilbo's adventure. So we know a little bit about you and the Shire," Erin answered with a smile. Pippin's confusion and wonder were plain on his face. "And you can explain more tomorrow morn," Gandalf said firmly. "Pippin, be a gentlehobbit and let the ladies have the bed. You can rest on the floor beside me." "Gentlehobbit!" chuckled Adrienne as she climbed back into the bed. Then Gandalf blew out the candle, and all turned their attentions to finding sleep. ALL except one, whom sleep eluded. Kavila lay still upon the makeshift bed, trying not to wake Erin with her movements. But though her body was motionless, her mind was whirling with thoughts and questions. Foremost on her mind was a single question: How did we end up in Middle-Earth? And just in the nick of time to help with the Battle of the Pelennor Fields! It was all very suspicious, frankly. I'm going to wake up any moment now, in my own room, in my world. I'll laugh so hard at myself, laying here thinking it's all real. But some instinct within her told Kavila this was no dream, and she wouldn't be waking up any time soon in her own room. Which, in Kavila's eyes, left one utterly implausible answer: magic. All her life Kavila had known with undeniable conviction that magic was not real . It was the subject of fairy tales and fantasy novels, not reality. Yet now, if her senses were to be believed, that conviction had been struck down at its very core. She thought back to the strange events of their "magical" transportation here. The rush of white light, the strange song. None of it made sense, no matter how many different ways she tried to reconcile it with what she knew of reality. She could feel despair closing in, and a homesickness deeper and more painful than anything she had ever experienced. At least if she was in her world, she could go back to her parents at any time. But Kavila suddenly realized, with an ache that brought tears to her eyes, that she would most likely never see her family again. If no one knew how they had arrived here, no one could get them back. When sleep finally found Kavila, the tear-trails were still fresh upon her cheeks.