you the whole sad tale some day. Suffice it to say for now that Gollum and I endured each other's company for far too long a time, and my arm still bears the scars from the marks of his teeth. So, naturally, when my brothers want to goad me, Gollum comes up." They entered the suite, passing through to a large windowed chamber where the afternoon sun gilded the carved wood panels and warmed the stone floors. "She will like these rooms," Aragorn said. "And so I chose them. She would abhor those gloomy chambers that Talbeth thinks are suitable for me." He flung open a set of doors to the balcony looking out over the broad plains of the City to the Harlond, where the white sails of ships gleamed like gold in the light. Faramir wandered through the rooms, inspecting, noting what needed to be done, thinking over the orders he would need to give to Talbeth. The floors were inlaid marble, quite lovely. He wondered, then, about the carpets Talbeth had mentioned, and asked. "She likes to go without shoes," Aragorn said. "She has never lived in a city like this, made of stone." "Without shoes," Faramir repeated. "You mean, like a Hobbit." Aragorn smiled. "It never struck me the same way," he said. "Somehow." Faramir could well imagine. What did an Elf-woman look like, anyway? He pictured a frail, ethereal creature floating in moonbeams. "Can you do this for me, Faramir?" Aragorn asked. "With great pleasure," he answered. "I am very glad of it, indeed. But you know there are going to be many disappointed ladies in the court." "Doubly disappointed," Aragorn said. "First you, then me. Éomer remains, and I believe Imrahil has some plans in that respect." "Ah!" said Faramir. "Lothíriel. My aunt wanted to marry her to you." Aragorn choked. "She is a little young for me, I think. Very pretty, but young." "I appreciate your desire to keep this matter close for the time being," Faramir said. "There are too many wagging tongues." He thought of his aunt. What would she make of an Elven queen in Gondor? "There are indeed," Aragorn said. "And they will start by exclaiming that I am marrying my sister." Faramir cleared his throat. "To be honest, I was wondering…." Aragorn chuckled. "We never met until I was grown." He turned to Faramir with an amused gleam in his eye. "She is, you see, somewhat older than I am." "Ah!" said Faramir tactfully. "Tell Talbeth what you must. You can at least assure him that the Lady Arwen will quickly civilize me," he said, and his lips twitched. "I am a great worry to him, I fear." Faramir smiled. "He will adjust." "Faramir, we have had little time to get to know one another, but it pleases me that our children will grow up together. There will be many good times to come." "I think so," Faramir said. "And time to talk and share stories. I have many memories of your family, and I know the matter of your father weighs on you. He was a brilliant and noble man, and I greatly respected him. Don't let anyone tell you differently, whatever stories fly about among the gossips. But there is one thing that I have wanted to say to you above all: I loved and honored Ecthelion, and now at last I can begin to repay the debt I owe him—which is more than you can imagine—by renewing that love and honor for his grandson." He looked into Faramir's eyes. "I had no home worthy of Arwen until now. The only life I had to offer her was wandering in the Wild. And if it had not been for Ecthelion's trust of an unknown man who came to fight for Gondor, I would never have gained the knowledge that I needed to earn this crown. So you see, the debt is very great indeed." Why, it's a love story, Faramir thought. Greatly moved, he nodded. "I understand, and I thank you." Aragorn clapped him on the shoulder. "And Faramir—choose a suitable set of rooms for yourself on this floor. I will want you within easy reach often enough." Arwen Undómiel was not frail, nor ethereal, nor made of moonbeams. When Faramir first saw her, as her father led her to Aragorn's side, his first thought was, Why, she is barely more than a girl, fresh and light as a daisy. Then he saw her face as she smiled up at her betrothed, lifting her arms for an embrace and crying, "Estel!" She was radiant, full of color, rosy faced, with deep black hair, eyes of a clear blue, and a passionate, beautiful mouth. Aragorn swept her into his arms and they laughed with sheer joy. Faramir was the first to be introduced, and she turned her eyes to him. He almost gasped at the impact of their light, seeming to come from a great depth. They were ancient eyes, like a crystal pool in a mountain valley with hidden currents of smoke. When he took her hand to kiss it, the slender, graceful fingers held a surprising strength. A spark of fire thrummed in her fingertips. Her voice was rich, low and musical as she greeted him. She is no girl, he thought. Indeed, a queen of Elves and Men. He suspected that she had a will as strong as the king's, and that this marriage would not always be a peaceful one. My shieldmaiden will like her, he thought. The years to come will be good indeed. Even Morwen was speechless at her first sight of the future queen of Gondor and Arnor. But she recovered her tongue all too soon, to Faramir's regret. "So that's why Captain Thorongil would never marry!" she said at the dance following the wedding. "Who would have thought it?" Faramir smiled, and turned to bow to his partner in the next dance. The next wedding would be his own.