again and held her close. He pretended that it was Sam and not his baby that he held. They were meant for each other, soul mates. How could he let Sam go? Frodo lay still a while, watching storm clouds roll in. It was slowly growing dark. He felt a raindrop hit his cheek. It was warm and fat. Another followed and then another. 'I don't know if I want you to forget or remember me, Sam,' Frodo whispered. 'But I don't want you to feel what I'm feeling. Cut to bits. Broken. Stripped of everything.' The rain sprinkled down. It splattered on the overhead leaves. It fell on Frodo, warm and wet, and he wanted more. He wanted the water to wash him, to soak through his clothes and skin and scour his soul. He wanted to drown in rainwater. He opened his mouth, hoping somehow it would fill his lungs. He would die here with Sam, and they would be together. In the distance, thunder rumbled, and it comforted him. He closed his eyes. He woke to Elanor wailing. Lightning was streaking across sky, and the rain was falling in torrents. He scooped Elanor up and looked frantically about for the pack. It was drenched. He released it and started running back towards the house. Elanor kept shrieking and shrieking. He thought his ears would burst. He kept telling himself over and over: Don't drop her. Don't drop her. Sam would never forgive you. He reached the house and rushed in. Rose was standing just inside, her cheeks white. She took Elanor from him as soon as he came through the door. 'What were you thinking?' she screamed. 'Taking a baby out in a thunderstorm.' Frodo said nothing. He stared at the wooden panels on the floor. Their knotted patterns made his head hurt. He looked up. Rose was stripping the baby from its wet gown. He felt sick. 'Get her some clothes!' Rose snapped at him. Frodo ran off at once, came back with another gown, handed it to Rose in silence. She pushed it over the baby's head and worked the small arms into the sleeves. Elanor hadn't stopped crying. Rose brought the cradle into the sitting room and placed it near the fire. She put Elanor in the cradle and rocked her and sang to her, until Elanor's shrieks subsided into soft sobs and then to silence and sleep. Not long after, Sam came in dripping wet, with a lantern in his hand. 'I don't know –' He said. He stopped when he saw Elanor in her cradle. 'You found her.' 'No,' said Rose. 'Your Mr. Frodo had the stupidity to take her out in a storm.' 'I am sure he didn't,' said Sam. 'He probably took her out when the weather was fine and just went too far a field, got trapped in the rain like. Isn't that right, Mr. Frodo?' Frodo didn't answer. He hugged his arms over his wet chest, shivering. 'He could've stopped by a neighbor's house,' said Rose. Sam ignored her, crossing over to Frodo. 'Mr. Frodo, you're going to catch your death of cold. Come on, let's get you into something dry.' 'Oh,' said Rose under her breath. 'So, you're worried about him catching his death of cold but not our daughter .' Sam led Frodo away. 'It's all right, Frodo my dear. She doesn't mean it. She was just so worried, see.' Frodo nodded and buried his head against Sam's cold shoulder. 'You had better change too,' he said. They went to their separate rooms and got into other clothes, met back in the hall. 'Sam,' Frodo whispered. 'Yes, Mr. Frodo,' said Sam. His voice was so tender that Frodo wanted to kiss him. Instead, he took a step away. 'You have got to stop taking my side in arguments,' he said. 'Your wife's right. I shouldn't be trusted with a baby. I shouldn't be trusted with anyone or anything.' Not even myself. 'Mr. Frodo, don't be ridiculous.' 'I'm not. I wish I was well, but I'm not that either. We've been trying to deny it, but it just keeps coming back. I'm sorry.' 'It's not your fault,' said Sam, touching his shoulder. 'Anyone would be doing poorly after what you went through, Frodo.' Frodo smiled at the slip: no 'Mr.' just Frodo, but he hoped Sam didn't see the smile in the dark hall, because now he had to do his best to separate himself from Sam before the final parting. He walked back into the sitting room and knelt by Rose's rocking chair, where she was hurriedly knitting. Her needles screeched together. 'Mistress Rose?' he said. 'Yes,' she said, not looking at him. 'I am sorry for what happened,' said Frodo. 'Very sorry. I have no excuses to offer. I was out and fell asleep, which I shouldn't have done as I was watching her. I only wanted to help. You were sleeping, and she had cried, so I decided to take her out, so she wouldn't bother you, but I made a mistake. I always make mistakes.' Absently, he stroked the stub of his missing finger. 'But,' he said. He clasped his hands together. 'I promise you this will never ever happen again.' 'I see,' said Rose. She laid down her knitting and looked at the fire. Sam was in the doorway, looking on. Rose's eyes stayed on Frodo. 'I forgive you,' she said. She picked up her knitting again. She started unraveling the work she had done, fixing the faults she had made. 'I wish I could do that,' said Frodo. 'What?' said Rose. 'What you do,' said Frodo. He looked away. 'Knit.' 'I could teach you,' she said quickly. 'No,' said Frodo. 'There isn't any time.' He got up and went into his study, closed the door. He sat down on his hard wood chair and looked down at the book he was supposed to be writing. He would never finish it. Finis