that may be an encouraging thought. TAKEN FROM THE LORD OF THE RINGS; CHAPTER TWO "THE SHADOW OF THE PAST" Do you not remember my words to you concerning your fate? Yet the same could be said for Smeagol too. He was meant to find the ring just as much as you and Bilbo were. And so ensuing events led to the falls of Rauros and the breaking of the fellowship. And it is truly so that you Sam were fated from the beginning to aid your master in his quest to find the Cracks of Doom. You guessed Frodo's mind and found him floating away in a nick of time. Yet I will say that the quest would still have been in vain, were it not for the unexpected aid of Smeagol. His guidance through the Dead Marshes and his wise intervention before the Black Gate cannot be discounted. And even though none of us who heard he was leading you to the pass of Cirith Ungol, liked the path he was taking, with hindsight it can be agreed that there was probably no other way that would have got you into Mordor in time. And yet Fate had one final role for him to play. His ultimate sacrifice in taking the ring with him into the fiery chasm of Sammath Naur." Gandalf sighed and the others all solemnly gazed at the wizard. Only I sat with my head bowed in grief, as I fully understood Smeagol's anguish and Gandalf's pity. But I was not the only one who was so moved. "I remember when Frodo told me that Smeagol once bore the ring," said Faramir. "And in my great surprise I said the matter wound itself ever in new riddles, and that I would gladly learn how Smeagol became possessed by the ring, and how he lost it. Now I am answered, and am filled with pity. Had I known then what I know now, I would have been less harsh with him." "You speak for me also," said Aragorn. "A wretched gangling creature is all we saw, filled with malice and wickedness that blinded us to his evil plight. Yet I now realise that we owe him far more than was to be thought." Gandalf nodded to him in agreement and then turned to Sam. "And how do you feel about Smeagol?" he asked. I knew of Sam's deep dislike for the poor creature, yet what he then said filled me with surprise. "I guess I pity him too," he said. "And it's not solely because of what you've just said, begging your pardon Gandalf." He sat then with a thoughtful look upon his face. "Well Sam," I said. He sighed. "You won't remember this Mr Frodo, as you were on your way up the path to that dark door that led into the mountain. I stayed behind to finally deal once and for all with that wretched creature. There I was with sword in hand, ready to do battle and avenge Smeagol's treachery. My mind was hot with wrath and the memory of evil, and I remember thinking it would be just and many times deserved to slay him. But Smeagol didn't spring at me as I thought he would. He fell flat on the ground, whimpering for me not to kill him. 'Let us live,' he said. 'Yes, live just a little longer. Lost lost! We're lost. And when Precious goes we'll die, yes, die into the dust.' And then I felt something restrain my hand that came from deep in my heart. I couldn't strike that utterly wretched creature, lying there in the dust. And I guessed for a moment, the agony of Smeagol's shrivelled mind that was enslaved to the ring and unable to find peace or relief ever in life again. I let him go after that. But I've come to realise that whatever power had guided we three hobbits to that place, it now tried to show me the terrible price Smeagol had to pay to fulfil his role. And by his own words to me, he showed that he realised his end was near, and yet he begged me to let him live just a little longer so he could complete the wretched task that was ordained to him. And I'll never forget what you said when it was all over Mr Frodo. 'But for Smeagol the quest would have been in vain, even at the bitter end. So let us forgive him!' And so I have Mr Frodo, so I have." "Samwise Gamgee, now you have truly surprised me!" exclaimed Gandalf. "I see that this ordeal has given you deep wisdom, and that shall hold you in good stead in the years to come. For all of you here shall be the leaders of your kindreds, and entrusted to rule them wisely in the new age that is to come. And to speak of the things we have today is to make you aware of the past and learn from it and understand it." The noon bells began to toll in the city and Gandalf rose from where he sat. "Well, we have spoken long enough and I deem the hobbits are hungry. Let us go to our noon meal." "Now that is the wisest thing Gandalf has said all day!" said Peregrin, to the laughter of all. Author's Commentary: This is my first Third Age story of which I thought to do a conversational piece. There's nothing much I can say about it except that it's a story that shall polarize the readers. Those who like the Stewards may hate it, while those who are Gollum fans will probably like it. Those who thrive on dialogue driven pieces won't mind it, but those who are into descriptive essays will shun it. As the author I can only hope that many of you will read it. Feedback will be most welcome. Thanx! Dedicated to the wonderful world of FanFic.