was positioning himself to sit comfortably to the ground. That is an old elven saying , the wizard thought surprised, one that the elves living on Middle Earth these days don't know the real meaning. Not that there was a hidden meaning to the sentence, actually it was quite open for anyone to see but nobody could see it because the saying belonged to a group of elves that none remained on Middle Earth. He glanced to the hobbit, now sitting on the ground, still wondering how the young hobbit heard the saying, and sighed. "Whatever this curse is, hopefully it will be broken so we will get an explanation." the Ishtar said glaring to the old hobbit. The easiest kind to understand in Middle Earth, he thought again, yet one can't help but be surprised now and then, these hobbits. Smiling to the wizard's response, Bilbo nodded to himself. Everything should be ready. But he was nervous. Hopefully, the result of all his journeys, searches and chases after spells will be found in a few moments. He thought of what Frodo said a moment ago; think good then it turns out to be good. It will be ok, it will be good, he started repeating inaudibly, it will be ok, the curse will be broken... Everybody waited for the hobbit to be ready despite of their increasing anticipation. Everybody was curious and mystified to what is going on. Still they understood that this was a special moment for the two hobbits so none of them said a word to quicken the process, only hoping after that letters are ripped, one of the hobbits will explain. Bilbo opened his eyes, now got over most of his nervousness – although not the excitement – and began the process he waited since his nephew told him his story. "The letters should be ripped with an order. First of is Dunadan's one." he turned to Aragorn and added "since you're the first, you can say its name in whatever language you want." Aragorn looked at the letter in his hand. Seal of Life. He looked at the holders of the letters; Gloin would surely say in his own language, Gandalf can find some language surely since the man was sure the Ishtar knew pretty much, for the hobbit he would leave the common language. That left him and Master Elrond, leaving Quenya to the wise elf, he chose Sindarin to say the name. Saying the name, the man ripped the sealed envelope into two. He was surprised, however, when two pieces of the letter disappeared suddenly in his hand. "This is how it should be?" he asked slightly alarmed, looking at Bilbo. "Yeah, the letters should disappear when ripped into two." answered the hobbit. "Next, Master Elrond, please." This time the elf ripped his letter into two, saying its name in Quenya, as guessed by Aragorn. Then the process continued by Gloin the dwarf and Gandalf the Ishtar. All sealed letters disappeared when ripped as Bilbo said they should be, and lastly he sealed the letter that was in front of him with a grin he can not keep from his face from the moment first letter was ripped. "Sealing of the Curse" he said in common language. "Now the curse is sealed." He walked to the young hobbit sitting on ground and gave the sealed letter to him, smiling. Frodo took the letter and stood up albeit a bit shakily and with a fast movement cut his middle finger with his nail enough to make it bleed. "Let the curse started by blood, end with blood." After a drop of blood touch the letter, it began to dissolve into nothingness slowly. Yet nobody was looking at the letter by now for the young hobbit's body began to dissolve as well. It was like his skin was melting, similar to a burning candle, and alarmed they noticed that the melted pieces was moving in their accord and was forming a new body. In a few seconds, hobbit's body was no more than moving colourful shapes. Sam, who was closest to him, took back a few steps in shock attempting not to touch the shapes. The view was disgusting yet fascinating and no one could take their eyes from it, frozen in their places. Astounded, everyone watched as the shapes were forming a new body, nevertheless the body was not of a hobbit's. It was taller, from what they could tell, and slender. This is the seen part , Gandalf realised. He could feel magical energy forming as well, focusing on the figure in front of them and thickening, growing stronger than it was in the sealed envelope. Seal of Body and Magic these are, he noted. Whatever the curse was, it sealed Frodo's – or what really Frodo is – body, magic, spirit and life. Now that they are released, they are returning back to what they were. What they supposed to be. A curse put upon yourself with blood, Gandalf mused, and the pieces were not lost in time, they are now returning back. That was indeed strong magic, albeit different from an Ishtar's. Gandalf thought absent-mindedly of what happened in this last hour and suddenly he connected the pieces of information; the magic, Frodo's uncharacteristic behaviour after he noticed Bilbo's intention and the old saying the hobbit used. The Ishtar came to a conclusion, one that how hard he found to believe, less he doubted its truth. He looked to his right, for a moment withdrawing his eyes from the figure in front to him, and saw that Elrond, Elestar and Glorfindel was looking troubled as well, probably came to the same conclusion. He didn't know what it will bring, what changes it will do to the history but someone was coming with a speciality that was long forgotten on Middle Earth since the Second Age. An Elven Magician has returned to Middle Earth at the end of the Third Age.