She swallowed past the lump that had formed in her throat and turned her gaze upwards again. "He wants to be like you," she said softly. Boromir's smile diminished only slightly, the earlier mirth transforming into thoughtful understanding. He cast a sidelong glance at Larhend, who was now out of sight on the other side of his horse. The boy grunted nearly as loud as his mount as he tugged on the cinch straps, and he arranged his saddle bag and bedroll with as much martial precision he could muster from his secondhand experience. Taking advantage of Larhend's preoccupation, Boromir asked, "And do you think he will be?" Myrhil wanted to be unhesitating and affirm he would, but she recalled her brother's bouts of hot, stubborn temper and his bull-headed insistence on tackling tasks that required more than simple determination, often the only weapon in his arsenal. Her hesitation was too prolonged; Boromir straightened in his saddle, his brow creasing in regret, but settling into resolve. Far from thinking she had damaged her bother and his chances to sway Boromir to look upon him as recruiting material, she sensed that Boromir had instead noted it as one would demerits for any private: expected imperfections, but not terminal faults. Or perhaps she was simply relying on her fanciful imaginings of the depths of charity from which the Heir of Gondor often drew his decisions. "So, Myrhil, you comin'?" She was unable to further assure Boromir about her brother. Larhend's attention was now fully engaged, and he was sitting upon his horse most splendidly. Were he and Boromir wearing armor, she would have assumed they were riding forth to war or a patrol, rather than battling mosquitoes and cook pans. She reached out a tentative hand and scratched the neck of Boromir's stallion, smiling in surprised glee when it began to twist its head this way and that, curling its lip as some elusive and forgotten itch was relieved. Myrhil ventured a shy glance upward at Boromir, wondering if Larhend's invitation was written upon his face as well, however lightly. It was not. In its place was a budding impatience to get started, a dawning air that, despite this being a trip for pleasure, it would be in short supply and always an afterthought. Larhend's own joy was becoming more muted by the minute. They both looked ready to meet a solemn duty, but not one that had been foisted upon them. Myrhil stuffed her hands deep into her pockets and backed away, her shoulders squared rigidly. "No, thank you, Larhend," she said with a careless shrug. "Like I said, I've been many times. The garden needs weeding. Our room needs cleaning." She summoned a smile, weak and unconvincing. There was nothing to add to that. Her misery was plain, her acceptance of it half-hearted at best. For the next several days, they would know how she passed her time as she would know theirs. Boromir turned his stallion away with a slight tug on the reins. It responded immediately, as did Larhend who prodded his own horse into a walk with a click of his tongue. Myrhil was glad to see their backs. Her shoulders relinquished their stiff posture and slumped in shamed relief. Kicking sluggishly at the dust, she turned towards the house. What to do next? What to do first? What mattered any of it? The weeds would always grow again, and faster than before! The room would always get cluttered with pieces of tack and Larhend's unfinished whittling projects. Larhend would accomplish something real in the coming days, whereas she would have hers to do all over again. And again. She was not ignorant of the routines of martial life. Her father's stories, as fanciful as some were, always held the same details about making or striking camp, caring for weapons, armor and mail, foraging and procuring. Day in and day out, but…it was not worrying about the dandelions taking over the carrots. There were entirely different species of stultifying boredom. "Myrhil!" She turned around, her hands still jammed in her pockets. Boromir had turned his stallion back up the vague road that led from their farm to the route to Pelargir. Larhend was not with him, but instead continuing down the road at an ambling walk. He reined in his horse a short distance before her. "Myrhil," he said again, a smile again gracing his young face, "leave Larhend's half of the room. I'll want to see how he will keep his quarters!" "And what of my half?" she asked. "If it is worthy of imitation, I will point to it and tell your brother that is what he should aspire to." Boromir gave her a quick salute and wheeled his horse around, loping after Larhend. When they met up, they both spurred their mounts into a canter and were quickly lost in a cloud of summer plains dust. Myrhil watched them until the cloud diminished and only those with an eagle eye could mark their progress. This she did not have, so she turned and ran back towards the house. She nearly collided with Laenilas on the porch, setting her mother to grappling with a suddenly precarious bowl of washed radishes. "Slow down!" she scolded. As Myrhil bobbed a clumsy curtsy of apology and made to dash past her, she grabbed at her daughter's arm. "And just where do you think you are rushing off to? There is still garden work to be done." "I'm going to clean my room," Myrhil said with undisguised satisfaction. "There will be no better in all of Minas Tirith when I'm done!" Before Laenilas could further protest, Myrhil was gone, the boots clomping messily on the plank floor. "Insane girl," Laenilas muttered, giving the abandoned garden a dour look. In baffled exasperation, she bit into a spicy radish and then shrugged. "Oh, why are you talking to yourself?" she said. "One chore for that child is as good as another!"