cannot answer those questions, for many of them will not make the journey either. A hand touches my shoulder briefly, startling me from these dark memories. Glorfindel stands beside me; I did not hear him enter, so lost was I in my thoughts. He gives me a meaningful, sympathetic look. "Elrond, mellon…it is time." Glorfindel…dear Glorfindel. We have been close friends from the moment he bowed to me in greeting upon his arrival at Imladris. Many were intimidated, even terrified by the idea of living and working in the same household as the great Balrog-Slayer. But there is an air about Glorfindel which draws you to him; he is a vibrant light that we cannot help but be attracted to. I have not yet met the unhappy person who can hold a grudge against him. In my journey through the past I had forgotten him, forgotten all the friends I have here in Imladris. Many will cross with me; more have already crossed. In their absence Imladris seems empty. Once she was glorious indeed, bustling with Elves. Music and laughter rang in her gardens, children played in her halls, warriors sparred upon the practice grounds. Even in the dead of night the activity never truly came to an end. Now entire wings of quarters stand deserted, and the garden paths are well-kept but unused. With the departure of its lord the last support of Imladris will be gone, and she will fade as surely as the memory of Elves which Men now hold so dear. Not quickly, for my sons at least shall rule here for awhile. But she will fade. I nod to Glorfindel. He is halfway to the door before he turns back. "Come, my lord. Imladris fades now. You must come, or you shall fade with her." "I know, Glorfindel. Give me but a few more moments with her." I reply, turning my gaze one last time to look out from my balcony. Countless nights I have stood here for hours, listening to the sounds of my Imladris. Sometimes I spoke to her, for to me she is a daughter as precious as Arwen. So cruel, to deny her in her last days the comfort which I myself desire: someone with which to share her memories and her regrets, someone who will keep her company in her final hours. At last I turn away and follow Glorfindel, moving slowly through halls which have been my refuge for millennia. Figures flit across the walls: Arwen, learning to walk; Elrohir carrying his injured brother to the healers after their first battle; Celebrian, bringing a glass of wine and a cake to me during a late night of work. Love, friendship, joy, pain, sorrow…all are etched into the walls of this house, a millennia-long story that has at last run out of characters. I read them all as I make my way to the courtyard where my horse awaits to carry me away. When we reach the courtyard I mount quickly, Glorfindel to my right and Erestor to my left. Even the ever-cheerful Glorfindel rides in melancholy silence. I discard my thoughts for awhile, letting my eyes wander the land as we pass it, imprinting it in my memory. Part of me cannot believe that I shall truly never see this place again. I have spent so long here, poured so much of myself into shaping it. A piece of my heart shall always dwell here, if only in memory. At last the trail turns upward for many minutes, leveling out finally at the rim of the valley. There, at the border of Imladris, we stop. All the escort dismounts, turning back for one last look. There she lies, entombed among the lofty peaks of the Misty Mountains, wreathed in fog and darkness, lights glittering in her windows. She is beautiful in her end. I hesitate, unwilling to turn away. To do so will be to turn my back on the most memorable chapter of my life—relegate it to the books of history which I have left behind and the memories of those who have lived it. I am seized with a sudden, irrational desire to remain, to dwell in the memories of glory and joy until my days are over. But I know that I have much yet to live for, much to anticipate. My Sea-crossing may be the end of an age, but it will be the beginning of a journey of both body and heart. There will be new experiences to enjoy, new challenges to face, new joys to savor. The thought lifts my heart a little from its mire of depression. And I shall see Celebrian again. Celebrian—beloved, sweet Celebrian. You broke my heart when you left me, and now for the second time you must mend it with your love. I have waited and longed for this day far too long to turn back now. With a soft smile of both sadness and joy I bow to the land that has sheltered me for the last three millennia. I built her, protected her, and gave her everything of myself, and in return she shaped me. I owe much of who I am to her. Finally I turn back to my horse, finding the others have already remounted. I remount as well, once again between Erestor and Glorfindel. In their expressions I see a deep sadness, but also a great concern. I take one of their hands in each of mine, smiling slightly at both of them in turn. "Come," I say finally. "If we make good time, perhaps we may halt early and convince Glorfindel to sing for us." The relief in their faces was clear. They had worried that breaking my bond with Imladris would in turn break me. But they do not fully understand. I broke no bond, for though she fades and passes from the memory of mortals, she shall live ever in my heart and the hearts of those she sheltered.