into the building that housed the now defunct ropery. It was the longest building in the now crumbling city of Mithlond, or had been, only one end still open. "We sail in the morning you two." Cirdan stated and plonked himself down in front of his other three guests who all smiled up at the new pair, all with comments to the effect of 'you're late' much to both Ereion and Thranduil's amusement. XXX "You look about as enthusiastic about arriving here as us." Thranduil commented as he and Celeborn bookened the former high king. All three leant against the rail of the ship, watching the nearing sight of the port all new arrivals to Tol Eressa and by extension Aman went to first. "Aman is as much my home as yours, that is to say not at all." Ereinion grumbled. Both sindar snorted. "No comment." There was silence as the three sullenly watched the ship go through the harbour entrance. "Ooo, look, we have a welcome party." Thrandul drawled sarcastically. Ereinion grinned, the Sindar's sense of humour was one of the things he'd always liked about the elf. Indeed, there was a welcome party. At the front of it were, of course, Elrond, Celebrian, Galadriel and Legolas but next to them were some elves none of the three at the bow recognised. Some of them were distinctly noldo while at least one other was telerin, and clearly a truly ancient telerin judging by his beard. Ereinion, looking at the features had an idea who it was, especially as he had features that were somewhat familiar despite the fact he knew he'd never seen the elf before. Cirdan called to them to help out as the neared the dock and so they went to start casting out the lines to the waiting dock staff. One the ship was secured, the gangpank was put out. Celeborn, Thranduil and Ereinion looked at each other, all unwilling to disembark all of a sudden. Cirdan rolled his eyes at the trio and nimbly ran down the plank to the dock. The teler had moved to meet him and now held him in an almost crushing hug, obviously delighted to see him. The twins were next and were dragged into Celebrian and Elrond's arms in much the same way. The three elves left on the ship at this point looked at each other and sighed before following, not really keen to disembark since it seemed so final. Legolas hugged the stuffing out of his father, grinning manically and Galadriel gave her husband a chaste kiss before taking both his and Ereinion's hands and leading them to the group of Noldor that they didn't recognise. "Beloved, this is my family." She then introduced the group, starting with her parents (the only non-reborn elves in the group), then her brothers and then her uncle and cousins. Ereinion was more than embarrassed to realise that he hadn't recognised his own father. Granted he had been very young when he had last seen the elf, having been sent to Cirdan as a foster when he was little more than a toddler but still. When Galadriel introduced Fingon it was more than a little awkward since neither quite knew what to do. The two stood there, staring at each other, not moving and waiting for each other to make the first move. Then, without warning, Ereinion was shoved forward and Fingon was forced to catch him. The former high king of the Noldor pulled his son, also a former high king, into his arms and hugged him wordlessly. After a few seconds, Ereinion hugged back. "Um, hi..." He muttered, somewhat embarrassed. Fingon laughed out loud. "Well met indeed son, it is good to finally see you again." He released his son who promptly turned round to see who had shoved him to find a grinning Thranduil, who shrugged unrepentantly. "Well, neither of you were going to make a move on your own. Consider it payback." Ereinion rolled his eyes. Thraduil had never quite forgiven him for deliberately shocking the socks off him after the War of the Ring. Fingon raised an eyebrow, clearly wondering about the comment. "Never mind. Our dear sindarin king over there has a long memory and a sore spot or two. Not to mention a sense of mischief." He looked around, still feeling somewhat awkward. By this point Cirdan had finished greeting Olwë (his brother) and had gone on to meet his brother's entire family and taken them to be introduced to Celeborn, who was Cirdan and Olwë's nephew via one of their brothers, Elmo. Elrond was bringing the twins over to their group and Ereinion almost sighed in relief at the fact his former herald and his sons would distract from the awkwardness. Elrond promptly, upon reaching them, hugged Ereinion tightly. "Took you long enough." He said and both laughed. The peredhil turned to the Noldorin royal family and greeted them with a nod, obviously familiar with them. "I see you've been introduced to Ereinion." He commented. There were wry smiles between the party and the former king in question tried not to look embarrassed. Realising he wanted attention drawn from him, Elrond them proceeded to introduce his sons, who were of course, descended on both sides from the Noldorin royal family. After a while, they retired to an estate that was slightly out of town and had been loaned to them for use until they went on to the mainland. Very slowly Ereinion relaxed round these elves that apparently were his family. He didn't think he would be comfortable for some time yet but all the same, it was no longer awkward. His last memory of his first night in the undying lands was going to sleep against his father as his family, both familiar and unfamiliar, chatted round him, feeling surprisingly relaxed as he realised that, whatever else Aman brought him, he had the most important thing there with him from the start.