at first. He took a bite out of the apple and chewed it thoughtfully before continuing. "Then we could be here for a while. But," and here he looked up and grinned at his cousin, "your dad will come soon, and then they'll get us out. I bet they're on their way here right now." To Merry, the time seemed to drag. There really wasn't a whole lot he could do to organize the cellar, especially once the lantern went out again and could not be relit. There was nothing much to do except sit and listen for sounds of rescue. At first, Pippin had talked non-stop about anything that came into his mind, just to keep himself from going stir-crazy. He also hoped that he could keep Merry occupied so that he didn't think too much about how long it was taking for help to arrive. Finally, though, he just ran out of things to say. His throat was hurting and he was starting to feel decidedly unwell again. Suddenly, Pippin thought he heard voices. "Merry, do you hear that?" "Huh?" asked Merry. "I don't hear anything. Just you asking silly questions." "I thought I heard voices. Guess it was just wishful thinking." A few minutes later, Pippin thought he heard them again. "I do hear voices!" he said excitedly. "Merry, they've come. They're here to rescue us." Pippin got shakily to his feet-he still was very weak from his illness-and started toward the pantry door. Merry caught up with him as he tried to cross the glass- and crockery-strewn floor. "Be careful," cautioned Merry. "We got through this unscathed. We don't need one of us stepping on a shard and getting hurt now." "I wouldn't dream of it." Pippin looked wearily up at his older cousin. "Merry, Pippin, are you here?" Saradoc called. "Can you hear me? Are you all right? Answer me. Please." He had called several times as he made his way through the sitting room and into the kitchen. "Where are you?" he called again. In the silence after this call, he thought he heard muffled voices and a thump from the direction of the pantry. "Merimac, come quick! I think I've found them. Help me move these boards and things so that we can get the door open." With both hobbits working together, they soon had the debris cleared away and Saradoc pulled the door open. Merry fell forward as the door opened and landed gracelessly at his father's feet. "Hullo, Dad," he said, smiling up at the older hobbit. "What took you so long?" "Oh, we were just taking our time admiring your recent remodeling. Interesting what you've done with the place. It certainly is well-ventilated." "And you have a wonderful view of the sky, especially from the bedroom," added Merimac. Merry and Pippin both began to look apprehensive. "I'm not sure I want to see this," said Merry. "Best to get it over with," answered Pippin. "The sooner we see it, the sooner we can get started putting everything to rights again." In the end, they found that many of their possessions were salvageable. Water had damaged a lot of the furniture and books, but on the whole Merry, Pippin and their families thought themselves quite lucky. The storm had destroyed most of the crops that had just been planted, but it was early in the season and the farmers were hopeful that the fields could be re-sown. Many of the houses in the area had suffered varied amounts of damage, but no lives had been lost; and all agreed that homes could always be rebuilt. All in all the great storm of 1423 would live for many years in the minds of the hobbits of Buckland and the Marish. It took several weeks of hard work, but shortly after Mid-Summer Merry and Pippin were able to move back into their beloved home at Crickhollow. Pippin stood in the doorway of his bedroom. In all the reconstruction he had not set foot in this room. He wouldn't say a word about it, but he was obviously reluctant to enter it. Merry walked up beside him and looked over his shoulder into the room. "It looks almost just like it did before," he said. "It does," agreed Pippin. Maybe that's the problem. Every time I look at this room, I think about how reluctant I was to follow your advice when you wanted us to hide in the cellar that night. I can't stop thinking that if I hadn't followed, or I'd convinced you to stay here with me, I'd probably be dead now, and you might be, too. I'm sorry, Merry. I just can't stop thinking about it." "You've got nothing to be sorry for, Pippin." Merry turned his cousin so that he could look him in the eye. "We're both still here, and everything worked out just fine." He could see the tears threatening to fall. "It's over, Pippin. This is a brand new start." Pippin could only nod. Words were beyond him now. Merry was seized with sudden inspiration. "Pippin," he finally said, "why don't we switch rooms. That way it is a totally new beginning." "Thank you, Merry. I'd like that very much." It only took a short time to move their things into the new rooms. By nightfall they were beginning to settle back into their house. As the time to retire approached, Pippin began to become nervous again. Merry quickly intervened to prevent him from becoming too upset. "Would you like me to sit with you for a little-maybe till you fall asleep." Pippin gave just a tiny nod and looked away. "I may be of age now, but tonight I feel like a little lad again." An hour later, Merry closed the book he'd been reading and blew out the candle on Pippin's nightstand. "Sleep tight, and welcome home, Pip." he said quietly shutting the door as he walked out of Pippin's new bedroom. The End.