Aragorn could only smile at how well his wife understood their small friends. Pippin lay in bed unable to get to sleep. After an hour of being perfectly still while her husband tossed and turned, Diamond had had enough. "What is bothering you, Pippin," she asked. "I just have a lot on my mind," was Pippin's response. It sounded trite and contrived in his own ears; he could only imagine how untrue it sounded to his wife. She turned and looked hard at her husband in the dim light. "Now, that," she said, "is just about the weakest lie I think I've ever heard. You're usually more creative in your dissembling than that. Now, tell me what is really bothering you." Pippin sighed and lay looking up at the ceiling for a moment. "How would you feel," he finally said, "about paying a visit to Aragorn and Arwen in their summer palace?" "I think it could be enjoyable," answered Diamond, "but I think there's more to this than you just wanting to visit a new place and see some old friends. Care to share what's going on in that head of yours with me?" Pippin sighed again. "How'd I manage to end up with such a clever wife?" he finally said. "Just lucky, I guess." "Well, however that may be, I guess you should know what I'm thinking about." Pippin sat up in the bed and folded his legs up under himself so that he was sitting tailor-fashion under the covers. "I have been thinking about us and children for several months now-since before Faramir's birthday, actually-and I want to see if there is anything else Strider can do to help us. That is, if you want to try something more than we've been doing for the last six years." Diamond sat and looked intently at her husband. "You know," she finally said, "that I would be content with just having our one dear son, but, if you really want to see what the king can do to help us have another, I will support you all the way." Diamond looked down at her hands, folded in her lap, before she continued. "You know, I never meant to say anything to you about it, but I cry every month when it becomes clear that once again we aren't going to have another baby. Please don't be mad at me. I'm not blaming you for that. I just know all of us want another child, even Farimir." Pippin looked long at his wife, and Diamond could clearly see the tears he was trying hard not to let fall. "I am so blessed," he finally said in a decidedly trembling voice, "I have the most patient wife in all the Shire, maybe even the whole world. You put up with me no matter what. I love you, Diamond." "I love you, too, Pippin," she said. "Now, let's both get some sleep." She helped him settle back into bed and cuddled up beside him. She really did love him very much. Two days later, as the king and his traveling court prepared to continue their trip north, Aragorn called Pippin aside. "I have given your request to join us this summer considerable thought." Pippin looked intently at his king. "Yes, Strider, and what have you decided?" he asked. "I believe that, if you are willing, we could be prepared for a visit by the end of next month. Would this be a good time for you?" "I think it can be, " Pippin answered. "The spring planting will be completed by then and the only thing that would need planning is the mid-summer festivals; and that isn't anything that big since most folks go to the Free Fair during the Lithe Days. If you will have us, I would enjoy spending the summer at Annuminas." "I do have one question," said Aragorn. "Might I ask why you are so eager to visit us? I'm glad you want to come, but I cannot help but think you have more reasons than you have shared with me." Pippin shuffled his feet and looked nervously at the ground. "Well...," he hesitated. "You see, it's something very personal. I'm not sure just how to put it. I need to talk to you about something." "Perhaps you should just get it off your chest right now so that you can enjoy your visit with us." "Oh, all right," said Pippin. "I'm not going to be able to think about anything else for the next two months, so I might as well just tell you. Diamond and I-we really want to try to have another child, and you're the only one who knows anything about how to help us. Please, Strider, say that you will at least give it some thought before we arrive. I know you said that we shouldn't try what we did last time, but we're both so miserable that we'd try just about anything if there was even the slightest chance it might work." Aragorn put his hand on the hobbit's shoulder. "I will consider this," he said. "I don't know that there is anything else we can try, but I will think of anything I can that might help. I do want to know one thing. Have you ever considered taking in a child, or children, that don't have living parents of their own?" "The thought has crossed my mind," answered Pippin. "The thing is, though, that there are rarely any children in the Shire that have no family that will take them in. Adoption is a very accepted practice, but it is almost always grandparents or aunts and uncles who take an orphaned child. They are almost never given up to someone without close blood ties." "I thought that might be the case," said the King. "I will give your request serious thought and will speak more about it when you arrive." "Thank you," said Pippin, giving a slight bow to his sovereign.