the Saxon English kings) specifically though not solely, these are axes with generally 3' to 4' handles and very thing hardened steel blades excellent for cutting. If used as a status symbol the shaft could be as long as 5 ½' long though those quite often were not battle weapons and were highly decorated. Bearded axe – one with a long blade extending downwards (giving the impression of the axe having a beard). The extra length of the blade lowered cutting ability so it went out of fashion and slowly blades got narrower resulting in, at one point, some axes with a blade that was simply a spike added laterally to the shaft. Maces – Take a solid wood shaft and add a lump of metal to the end to make very nasty blunt force trauma weapon. Aforementioned lump of metal sometimes was ridged just to make it nastier. Flails – Nice big wooden shaft with a lump of metal attached by a chain – add spikes to the ball and get a morning star just to be more damaging and unpredictable than it was. Lovely. Shields – always made with at least one layer of wood (though later periods tended to have more as this was stronger but heavier), generally covered with linen or leather. Circular – Flat wooden shields that were (obviously) circular in shape. Had a boss behind which was the grip Kite – Starts off tear drop shaped, though later on the top is flattened off. Very early ones have no curve and a boss as the kit is and evolution of the circular made by the Normans. After a little while, the boss is dropped in favour of leather straps which allow the shield to be attached to the arm rather than being held and straining thee wrist. Heater – evolution of the Kite where the length is shortened. This is the classic heraldic shield. While it provides a lot less cover that is made up by the fact it is far more gainly to use. Buckler – small shield attached to the offhand (non-weapon) which was the only generally made of metal as was used by infantry as a weapon in its own right. Notes on wearing/using medieval armour and weapons. All armour would go over padding which would go over clothing. The only thing that would go over armour was a surcoat. Any type of bow would have been carried with a secondary weapon such as some variety of long knife, even though the bow was the main weapon which did take years to learn to use. Archers were roundly hated by everyone else on accounts they were really hard to defend against and people didn't like being killed at a distance for some reason. The head of armies tended to like them though, especially on their side. Crossbow, a lower skilled more dangerous weapon were, surprise surprise, even less popular. Other things worth knowing They did have snips (a u-shaped piece of metal with opposing blades at the ends) and later conventional scissors in the medieval period so no need to trim hair or cut thread with knives or anything. Fire lighting – achieved with a flint and steel (though anything harder than steel could be used instead of flint). The 'steel' in question is a wide strip of metal that looked a bit like a flattened 'D' shape. This would be scraped across the sharpest edge of a flint findable at high speed with a piece of tinder cloth held against the flint or very nearby to catch the sparks. Tinder cloth is small pieces of linen cloth cooked in anaerobic conditions (Clay bowl covered by sand is the easiest way to achieve this) to make a cloth form of charcoal which catches easily. Once the cloth had caught a spark, blow on it to make it catch a little more then surround by hay, straw or other things that catch very easily and blow on them until they catch fire. While it is technically possible to light a candle straight from a flint and steel, it is generally very difficult to achieve and it is easier just to use a fire to light the candle. Easily available materials – Wood and clay. As already mentioned, metal is expensive so is not used much. Most things would be made of either wood or clay, depending on where you are for which is more popular. In places like Kent where there is clay soil – clay would be used for virtually everything it could be since it was literally cheep as dirt. Where there wasn't clay soil but lots of trees wood is obviously the favoured material though there is a fair deal of crossover for those materials due to both trade and the fact that neither can be used for everything since each has its disadvantages. Horn and bone are also very common materials. These could be carved and used for small items such as needles, spoons and suchlike. Horn particularly was very much the plastic of its day as when heated up is can be melded in to a number of different shapes. Musical instruments – mostly string or wind so Lyres, Psalteries, harps etc for wind and wood or bone flutes though there is a sort of Viking panpipe-type instrument out there as well. Will leave off this subject for now as it is a present research project I can go on about for hours. If you want to know more, feel free to message me. Be specific or else I really will go on for pages on both the instruments and music. That I think, is all for now. If you want more info on any topic mentioned, or even on ones not mentioned but you are interested in, put it in a review and I will try and find out the answer. These answers will be posted in new chapters so that anyone can read them. GaiaCaecilia