"No, I will leave you to your quest. Be brave and good luck!" I am flashed two almost identical, brilliant smiles before I am once again standing by myself beside the hazel-trees. The dancing is underway and hands join all around me. I briefly wonder what kinds of commitments are being made underneath the stars tonight. Drawing a deep breath, I cross the lawn and approach the Lord of Imladris and you. Elrond greets me with a warm smile but it is only when he speaks that you look up and I feel my heart skip a beat. " Merethor Veren, Legolas! Is all well?" "All is well," I smile, keeping my eyes on your father. "This is a beautiful ending to my stay here." You shift where you are standing. "I shall be sorry to see you go," Elrond sighs. "Wait not another forty years before returning." How could I, when you are here? "If my father can spare me, I would love to come hither soon again." I feel your eyes roaming over me and the blood runs a little faster in my veins. "Good," Elrond nods. "At least one of you younglings are happy then." At my frown, he hurries to explain. "I need Elladan and Elrohir to ride out once more and they would much rather stay in Imladris. As for Estel here, I am pressing him hard in his studies." He looks at you and you let your eyes fall to the ground. "I need him to find some athelas for me by tomorrow." Ah. Now I understand your worry if you have not yet gathered the herb your father asks for. Athelas is not easy to find as it grows close to the ground and prefers to hide in the moss. Apparently you have not succeeded because you are almost squirming before his gaze. "It is a useful herb," I say, "albeit not the most beautiful." Lord Elrond smiles. "We all know you prefer the niphredil . It is a rare flower in these woods, unfortunately." "It makes it even more exquisite," I say, without thinking. Involuntarily, my eyes stray to you and you lift your head. I feel myself dissolving. If I knew the meaning of the light in your face I would never ask anything else of this world. Is it possible for a heart to encompass all of the starry heavens above? From far away, Elrond's answer reaches me. "True," he says, and the word is spoken slowly, softly and pensively. I reach out for my fleeing senses. I see your eyes leaving my own and I fall back into my own body. There is a look on your father's face that I cannot interpret, but it is kind. Inclining his head to me, he places a hand on your shoulder and steers you towards a pair of elves I do not know. You are still at your father's side when I decide to leave for my room. But before I enter the house, I slip into the woods, trace the ground and finally find what I am looking for. I place the athelas on your pillow. o.O.o The dawn was bright and left drops of glistening dew on the grass. It still wets my boots as I cross the lawn and take the long way to the stables. Êl is waiting for me, sad to leave but, I suspect, eager to stretch his legs and feel the rushing wind about him. I have been given parcels said to contain enough food to last me all the way home. Absentmindedly, I store them away in my saddlebags. In the courtyard Elrond is waiting for me looking very much like my father when he sees me leaving, realising all over again I am full-grown and independent. He catches me in an affectionate embrace. " Tithen pen," he sighs. "May the Valar be with you." No i Melain na le. "And with you." Looking over his shoulder, I search for you but you are not here. I know so well you have no reason to be and yet I cannot fight the sting of disappointment piercing my chest. I said my goodbyes to Glorfindel and your brothers last night, knowing they would sleep long this morning after the festivities. To you I did not speak and you I miss already. "Be careful." Elrond releases me and tries a stern glance as I sit up on Êl. "No falling off." "Not today," I wink at him and smile but the sadness stays with me. We bid our final farewells and I promise to send word as soon as I have reached my home in Mirkwood. As I leave Imladris behind, the warming sun climbs the sky and shines down upon the Lord and his valley-dwelling. I ride for hours without resting. The late spring has turned into early summer but I do not see the glorious wonders of nature. Perhaps the flowers turn their faces to the sky and perhaps the grass is waving in the breeze, I do not know. It is only when I finally sit down against a large oak and take out my food parcels and discover the pale, blooming niphredil carefully tucked inside that I feel my heart beating again. I continue my journey a little while later, holding the flower in my hand, trying to name this new feeling growing within. Fin Comments are welcome. Translations (all words/phrases are in Sindarin): Êl – star Arda – the World Eä – the Universe mae govannen – well met ion nin – my son adar – father tithen pen – little one man le? – who are you? Merethor Veren – Joyous Feast Day No i Melain na le – May the Valar be with you The herb/flower: Athelas is a healing herb brought to Middle-earth by the Númenóreans, also known as Kingsfoil. Niphredil , snow drop flower mentioned in FOTR as growing in Lórien. I imported it to Rivendell!