him – probably the conquering part of his mind – made him reach out for the bowl, pick out a piece of squash and throw it at Legolas. Who looked startled for a second or two, until he grabbed the bowl and fished out something that looked like a leaf of green salad (however that was possible in mid-winter) and hauled it towards Estel who was such a short distance away that it landed on his chest with a satisfied 'flop' . The part of Estel's mind that considered it wise that the human stayed away from any type of lips, cheered and rejoiced. And did not mind the least that Estel countered the attack by throwing a handful of sunflower seeds at Legolas. The prince was laughing openly now and that coaxed the bubbling laughter built up within Estel to escape him too. Pretty soon, both of them were sprinkled with the rather sad looking remnants of Legolas' lunch. But no victory lasts forever, as Estel's mind soon found out. Legolas, who sat up straight in his chair by now, leaned in closer to grab whatever weapon he could find. His cheeks were flushed and his blond hair in disarray. His green tunic was splotched and the smile on his face was bright. Estel saw him closing the distance and he blinked. He knew Legolas was only after the carrot slice that lay close to Estel's arm, but suddenly he leaned in too. Legolas' hand never reached its intended destination. Panicking and staring, Estel pressed his lips to the ones before him. He had no plan, no design, and he had absolutely no idea of what he was doing. Nevertheless, he did it. Legolas' movements slowed down, his hand fell to the table surface and first his eyes widened, but then they closed. Estel dared not to breathe, but when Legolas' eyes remained closed, he allowed his own ones to mimic the motion. This made it possible for a whole new wave of sensations to wash over him. Suddenly he tasted. And Legolas tasted beautifully. They sat with their lips pressed together. Ever so slowly Estel began to breathe and felt the rapidly turning world slowing down as well, cradling them softly, urging them on. Legolas must have felt it too, because his hand landed on Estel's upper arm and his lips increased their pressure. The smallest, smallest of whimpers escaped Estel and he would have taken it back if he had had the power to do so. Where it came from, or why, he did not know, but at least Legolas did not break the kiss. As Estel picked up his courage again, his mouth opened up a little. It seemed like his body made the decisions for him, for he had not thought of this either. And when he first tasted the inquisitive tip of Legolas' tongue a sensational wave of heat crashed over him. His own tongue responded, and carefully sneaked forth. Estel clearly heard the tiny gasp when they touched. Sensation after sensation awoke within him, as he tenderly brushed against Legolas. When they finally drew apart, he felt his mind caught in a swirling mist. Legolas was staring at him, much like he was undoubtedly staring back at the prince. "Estel," breathed Legolas. "I really like you," Estel blurted out before he had time to check his words. A shuffling noise seemed to come from far, far away. Before they knew it, they were not alone anymore. "Estel?" Glorfindel's voice reverberated within the library walls. "My prince Legolas?" Estel spun around in his chair. The elf lord was observing them with raised eyebrows and a curios expression. "Estel, what have you done to Legolas? Why are you both covered in food and do you both realise that Lord Elrond will explode if you have smeared his precious documents!?" He saw Glorfindel approaching. Estel was chased out of his chair and ordered to wash up. The same was asked of Legolas but in a slightly kinder way. "You two are lucky I am in a good mood," Glorfindel announced as he propelled them towards the door. Off you are now! But if I do not see you in clean tunics at supper, I will have you scrubbing pots and pans all night," he added with a wink. Estel and Legolas sped down the hallway, but as soon as they had rounded a corner, they both stopped. The human happily noted that they were almost the same height and he was very pleased that he had done all that growing last summer. He felt the urge to giggle but was not sure that would suit the occasion. Instead he racked his mind for something to say, something that would make him seem older than his years – for although Legolas was young for an elf, he was still a lot older than Estel. "I will see you at supper?" he inquired at last. Legolas flashed a grin that in no way made him less alluring. "I believe you shall," he answered with all the training of a prince of his stature. "Until then… then," Estel said and bowed his head, not exactly sure how these things were supposed to be handled, but determined to do his very best. "Until then," Legolas echoed him. "Oh, and Estel?" "Yes?" "I did not offer you all that remained of my lunch. Here is the rest of it." Into Estel's outstretched hand, the golden elven prince dropped a small, round cookie. With a bright smile playing upon his face, Estel made for his chambers, clutching the present firmly to his chest. Surely, this was the most beautiful cookie that had ever existed! -ooo- Here ends the first part of the tale. Ada is Sindarin for 'Dad' and Hrívë is the Quenya name for the season of winter. The second part is yours to read in one week. In the meantime, keep your eyes, minds and hearts open for unexpected blessings!