lip as Gimli lay still, quietly watching him with those dark almond eyes. Those mysterious brown eyes that told all, yet gave away nothing. ' Maybe there wasn't one moment… A long look, listening to his voice, watching the way he moved in battle, our quiet walks in Lorien maybe. Or the realization that a part of me feels missing when he is not at my side.' Legolas mussed, now moving his hand lower and sinking his long fingers into the thick copper of the Dwarf's silky beard, feeling the strong jaw beneath ' Perhaps it was the battle through the long night… Running behind Aragorn as we fought our way on the wall. My arrows all but spent as I followed, but all the while 'he' was nowhere insight. The fear that I had lost him, more terrifying then any Orc sword or blast of Orthanc fire.' The pale hand continued to move lower, over the Dwarf's heavy collarbone, across the wide plain of that hard pectoral to finally come to rest over the heavy beat of the strong heart within. Long moments passed as they continued to silently study one another, simply enjoying the close presence of the other, lost in their own thoughts. Legolas watched as Gimli's eyes after a time took on a quality that he had seen several times during their long quest. Sometimes the Dwarf's eyes would change, the light shift and his eyes would gain such an old look about them, as if they had seen far to much already for his age. "I hate it when your eyes look like that," He said, his soft lilting voice no more then a whisper, watching those same eyes now turn thoughtful. "Like what?" Gimli asked with a blink. "Like now, your eyes… sometimes they seem so old… sad," He tried to explain, shifting uneasily as his hand dropped to the bed between them, not finding the right words to voice his thoughts. "I am many times older then you, yet when you look at me like that… I feel as if I was the child. How is this possible?" The Elf asked, a small confused frown now marring his face. It was now Gimli's turn to reach out and run his large calloused fingers through the soft silk of Legolas' obsidian hair before gently tucking some cool strands behind a delicate leaf-shaped ear, then moving to caress the Elf's smooth pale cheek with the back of his thick knuckles. "I am no child, Legolas. No matter how much older you maybe. I was a Dwarf of 'many journeys' long before our fellowship, " he said finally, and for a moment Legolas saw a deep sorrow come into those dark eyes before disappearing as soon as it had come as Gimli's smooth baritone continued. "But you are not a child either… if nothing else, this quest has proven us both warriors and not children." Gimli then rolled onto his back and turned his rich brown gaze to the shadowed ceiling of the tent, his dark eyes troubled. Silence descended between them again as they lay there silently on the bed, the dieing embers burned low, giving only the occasional pop while bathing the interior of the tent in a soft red glow. Legolas' sharp Elven ears could no longer pick up the sound of the celebration outside, most likely having died down while they made love. Love? Is this love? He suddenly asked himself as he looked at the Dwarf's profile, silently thinking about Gimli's words and the turbulent feelings in his own mind. His stomach was a flutter, unsure, he felt dizzy, but his heart beat an empathic "yes". It was exciting...and frightening. For this would surly not be an easy road for either of them and he did not want to think about the many consequences their union might bring. But then again… were not the greatest treasures worth fighting for? "Legolas?" The Elf blinked his emerald eyes and focused his attention back to his lover, watching Gimli turned his head and faced him again. "Where is this going? Gimli asked softly, hardly more then a whisper, finally finding the courage to voice the uncertainty that had curled around his own heart. The meaning of those words hanging heavily in the air around them and it was then that Legolas knew that Gimli's thoughts were also as his own. "I don't know," he answered truthfully. "Yet all I know is that I want to be by your side… where ever this journey may lead us." Legolas whispered as he gazed back into those burning brown pools. Without a word Gimli reached out and gathered the Elf close, Legolas resting his head once again against Gimli's broad chest, while the Dwarf wrapped a warm arm around his waist and covered them both with the thick furs. For two such different beings they fit together perfectly. There the two warriors lay, content, and warm for the rest of the night until the dawn arose and they where called once again to duty at Aragorn's side. But for now they lay, quiet and content. Yes, I un ashamedly ripped-off some lines from the movie "Legend", but I thought they fit perfectly here . Hope you enjoyed it! (1.) The " Flawed Ones " is just an idea of what the Dwarves might have called the 'Petty-Dwarves'. Which are noted to have been hated and driven out by regular Dwarves because they where consider rebellious and lazy as well as small, ugly, and deformed. Later most of the Petty-dwarves that inhabited the forest land of the River Narog and delved the halls of Amon Rudh and Nulukkizdin where destroyed by the Sindarin Elves that came into that land, not knowing what manner of being these people were, they hunted them for sport. Until they learned that they were but a diminished Dwarvish people who had become estranged from regular Dwarves. (2.) Periannath is another term for Hobbits.