while before I sense us both calming down sufficiently. You smell of the earth itself and I inhale deeply, starting to leave small kisses on your skin. Your heart is still beating strongly and I take comfort in its steady rhythm as you seek out the entrance to my body. When your slick fingers – oiled, I discover– for the first time brush my orifice I am both scared and willing. When the first fingertip slips inside, fear grows but I firmly hold it at bay, focusing on you and this gift that I am indeed willingly giving you. You stretch my muscles carefully and the pain is less sharp than maybe I had expected had I considered it at all. I cling to you as the heaviness in my belly turns into a pounding and I swell slightly against you. Your fingers twist inside me and breathing is no longer important – at least I find I can spare no thought for it. Your breathing, on the other hand, is deep and slow, and you unintentionally push against me, discovering the half risen flesh that is mine. "Love you." Your voice is raspy and you twist your fingers a final time before you pull them out. The fire dies in the very same moment and the room grows much darker. Reluctantly I let go of you but my eyes dizzily rest on you as you unsteadily rise to your knees beside me. I watch you in the starry night as you settle between my legs that part to let you in. You lift them up gently to wrap them around your waist, and all trepidation leaves me as the blunt head of your length nudges my opening. I can see it now, and I understand it: this is what is to come, that which is natural. This is willingly offered, and humbly accepted. Maybe somewhere it is spoken of as a sacred act, a blessing and a final gift. I know that I love you and this is only the beginning. You tenderly push inside and though my body screams at the intrusion, your presence could not be more welcome to my heart. Tears threaten to dim my vision as the burning and stinging refuses to dissipate immediately. I grip the covers and force myself to refrain from crying out. Little by little you fill me and when you have buried yourself completely in my body, you sway forward, wordlessly seeking contact. I desperately grasp your hand and bring it to my mouth. Tears stream down my face and I kiss your skin fervently. You know I am crying – how could you not? The silvery starlight plays with your hair as my flowing tears cleanse us both and I take my final farewells of a world I used to know but do not need anymore. As the pain also leaves us, I make ready to take the first step on this new path I have been shown. But, my love, it is you who move. You take me with you, and together we flow. Your arms are shaking with the weight of your body, but you hold yourself up. I gradually relax and so I can accept you easier. I am uncertain of what pleasure is, but my blood tingles and your closeness is addictive. Your thrusts into my warmth are met by a few of my own and I hear your low groans in the air around us. There is a song forming within and I yield to it, feeling the needs of the body transcending those of the mind. I feel it mostly in you, but if you were worried I would not respond to you, I hope your concerns are fewer now. My hands are running up and down your back when I can reach, otherwise busy with your chest and arms. I would kiss you now, but you are trembling and breathing so rapidly that I shall have to be content watching you through half lidded eyes instead. A force surely unknown to every being suddenly takes hold of you and you freeze mid-movement. Your eyes fly open and their grey light is that of Ithil himself. The warm flood of your release fills me without further warning and as time slows down I am thus given a gift in return. With a final thrust that should have been the glorious ending to such a beautiful ecstasy you brush against something inside me and I cannot help the cry that escapes my lips. I see but silver stars as your arms will hold you no longer and you fall into my embrace. It takes me many moments before I recover from the sensation, and it takes you many minutes to recover from yours. You are still sheathed within me as you slowly turn you head to face me. The starlight glitters in the wet streaks that tears have left on your cheeks. You have never been more beautiful. "I love you, Estel," I whisper and press a kiss to your forehead. You reach for my hand and our fingers entwine. "You are the most precious one, Legolas..." I will not tell you yet, nor ask you, of what you made me feel in your completion, for I cannot imagine that even this moment could hold more love. But I am sure that it too was a gift of great value. For this night is the ultimate grace. And knowing you is more. Fin Translations/Notes: Meleth (nin) – (my) love Adan (nin) – (my) Man, as in human. Ithil – the elvish name for the Moon Anor – the elvish name for the Sun Elo – oh. The attentive reader – or the reader with a good memory – will remember that 'Elo!' was the first word spoken by Estel to Legolas in 'Hearing You'. Excerpts in italics are taken from previous stories in this series. Finally... I knew the expectations were high, so... *hides*