Faramir found her hand and squeezed it lightly. It will be well. The assurance drifted through her as Aragorn gently helped Faramir onto his side. The linen fell into a heap in front of him and Arwen scooped it up and dropped it onto the floor. She reclaimed her hold on Faramir's hand and held it to her heart as Aragorn dragged off his robe and bent to kiss his lover again. Faramir's lips were soft. He had not shaved for some time and his beard rasped against her cheeks and chin as her mouth replaced Aragorn's. Faramir's tongue was lazy as it slid against her own. Or more likely, he was tired. Exhausted , she knew in her heart, and yet the heat that was waking in him quickened his breathing and his hand cupped her breast. The light touch of fingers to her cheek made her end the kiss and she looked up to meet the smiling eyes of her husband. Aragorn was leaning over Faramir, and fully aroused, too. In this show of perfect virility and splendour, Arwen saw the boy he had once been, and the old man he would one day become. "I love you." His words were a whisper that went straight to her soul. She watched him as he bent down and dropped a kiss to Faramir's temple. "And you, sweetest." Faramir grinned without opening his eyes. "It is good to hear it, Aragorn, while I'm touching your wife." "Ah, well..." Aragorn nuzzled his neck. "She is in good hands then." Faramir's chuckle was soft as Aragorn lowered himself down behind him. After that, Arwen more sensed and heard than saw what happened, for Faramir drew her to him and they kissed anew. Slow and heavy were his movements and also his energy. She liked that. He trembled against her as Aragorn prepared him, and his soft moans sent shivers racing across her skin. Then Aragorn eased him forwards some more and she reckoned that she would be more comfortable in a similar position. Just like Aragorn's robe had, hers ended up in a pile on the floor and Faramir's arm wound around her waist as she lay down with her back against his chest. For the first time this night she realised that he, too, was aroused. His hardened shaft pressed into her lower back and a jolt of pleasure shot through her. Then suddenly, his groan, and her husband's, shook the walls of the bedchamber and she knew that Aragorn was sliding into him, pushing into something so hot and tight that it engulfed his whole being. She sensed his mind reeling and his heart pounding, and Faramir's breath was fiery hot against her cheek. With no thought for bloodlines and history she let Faramir seek out her wetness and she thought she had never been this blessed when he pushed into her. It was Aragorn's thrusts that set her rocking. Weariness still clung to Faramir and he did little more than to hold her. She treasured his embrace, though, and let Aragorn's power flood into her. Time settled back into its normal rhythm again as gasps and moans rose and fell around her. As of tomorrow, the days would not be unnaturally long and nor would the nights be so bitterly cold that it seemed to them all that winter had come again, too quickly, to haunt them. Arwen fell back against the men behind her, knowing that she would welcome any child Elbereth sent her. Proudly would she carry a babe through the hallways of the House, and to her it would not matter if the soft curls were dark or auburn. As Aragorn's roar echoed in her very bones, and Faramir's strangled cry rushed through her blood, she decided that preferably she would have at least one of each. His release trickled down her thighs as she moved to sit. Faramir rolled onto his back again and a lazy smile played upon his lips. When he opened his eyes, though, his gaze was clear. He lifted a hand to her cheek and traced the curve of her cheekbone with his thumb. "Thank you." She turned to kiss his palm. "Welcome home." She knew that in his dark dreams he still despaired, seeing no future and knowing no life, and yet in this moment she could see nothing but happiness in his features. Behind him, Aragorn was struggling free of the covers. Finally he was able to drape an arm over Faramir's chest. His expression was serious, however. "I mean to keep you in Minas Tirith from now on," he said, his voice soft but firm. Faramir turned to him and there passed between them something that not even Arwen could name. "You cannot do that," he said. "I too have duties..." "Aye, but when you do not eat, nor sleep, there is nothing–" Faramir cut him off with a kiss. A shadow had pulled across his face. "I know," he said quietly. "I know... but..." There were no words. Twice had Arwen felt the shock of pure hate. The first time had been when she had learnt of the attack on her mother, of how her beautiful fëa had been twisted into a rotting darkness that consumed her from within; and was a force unstoppable. The second time had been when she had discovered just how deep Faramir's wounds ran. Already had her husband fallen in love, and she was well on her way herself, and the discovery of the young man's agony was like a knife through the heart. And to Faramir himself, a thousand times worse. But only once had she been powerless to help. As the winds continued to howl over Gondor and race the icy rain over the plains, she twined her fingers around Aragorn's, his arm still a protective barrier over Faramir's heart. Two hands at work, two more to add should the need arise. There would always be four hands waiting. End