is his pounding heart that bears him thither, more so than his legs and feet. The door appears all too real to him in the gloom. By now his own breath is crushing him, his need too great and his shame a choking collar around his throat. Still he lifts a hand and ghosts his palm over the wood, taking a moment to maybe reconsider. But it is futile. It is already done. The door slides open as if by magic. Faramir is pale in the night. Their eyes meet and Aragorn can think no more. He backs away, gives Faramir the space he needs to step out into the hallway and close the door behind him. He too is wearing a long robe, only loosely wrapped around his middle and barely held together by some sash Aragorn cares nothing for. There is an alcove only a few steps down the hallway. At the very end there is a window where starlight and moonlight blend well enough to give Faramir's hesitation a face. Aragorn swallows. Then the moment passes and all is as it should have been. They meet in a kiss only half-heartedly confined to the shadows. Aragorn walks Faramir sideways, backwards, walks him into the alcove but never breaks the kiss. He tries not to think of the fact that by all means of logic, Faramir tastes of Elladan. The stone cradles them silently. Faramir's hands slide down Aragorn's back, tugging at the silky robe. Aragorn reaches for the younger man's hips, pushing at the lush fabric, and finding that underneath it Faramir is completely naked. "I need you," Aragorn rasps out, his mouth half-buried in Faramir's hair, near his ear. Faramir's responding shiver is what presses them even closer together. Skin grates against the wall as Aragorn seeks to cover all of him. In the end, it is Faramir who calms it down. His expression is almost compassionate as he turns his face to the wall and reaches behind him to take Aragorn in hand and steer him between his thighs. Aragorn slides in between them, slick and throbbing, and desperate for anything that Faramir will give. He presses scorching kisses into Faramir's neck and refuses to acknowledge the tears that sting his eyes. I love you. "I love my wife," he whispers. "You know I love her. I love her so." Faramir nods. In this moment, Aragorn would give his soul to slide properly into Faramir. Where, beyond a doubt, his own foster-brother has already been tonight. It does not matter. It never will. Faramir grabs his hand and brings it to his groin. Aragorn finds him hard and waiting. When all is done, Faramir turns in his arms and catches him. They linger in the stony silence of the hallway, breaths evening out and pulses slowing. It is only when Faramir gently tilts his head back a little that Aragorn opens his eyes. He is weary now and his heart is heavy. Faramir's eyes, almost silver in the ethereal light are soft. His voice, however, is low but firm. "I love him." Aragorn nods, mute. Faramir runs his fingers through Aragorn's tangled hair. There is nothing else to say. -ooo- Faramir finds Elladan dozing in the moonlight. He has washed the traces of Aragorn's need off his skin and longs to lie down. The elf makes room for him as he stretches out and finds a corner of the sheet to pull over himself. They lie awake, face to face. Elladan watches him. "It's…" Faramir finally begins. "Don't." The fingertips caress his cheek lightly. "Do not give it voice." Because matters like this are not spoken of. -ooo- No matter how many times Boromir rinsed his mouth with water afterwards, the taste on his tongue is still bitter. The night is far progressed but sleep will not take pity on him. His leg is pounding dully. He should never have danced. It was ill-advised and thoughtless. He should never have danced with his Queen. But Boromir of Gondor is a fool – it is as simple as that. There was a moment upon the slopes of Amon Hen when Boromir should have died. He had lost Frodo, he had lost the halflings, had lost his honour and his pride and his heart to greed. He should have died, then, leaving Faramir to carry the line of the Stewards into the future. It would have been cruel on Faramir, to be sure, but was this, his own fate, any kinder? Who of the Gods laughed now – just now – at him? His bloody leg. ' My lady, I'm afraid… my leg…' She smiled. 'Of course. I shall not tire you.' She was light in his arms, like a melody herself. So he endured a little while longer. Took her for another slow turn. She smiled at that as well. Their eyes caught and Boromir swallowed. Her lips parted just a little, as if she had thought of something to say but did not have the wish to speak. And Boromir the fool had moved his hands then. Or they had moved by themselves. Had tightened their grasp on her waist ever so slightly. He had never looked away. He followed every shift in her grey eyes. The sudden shock at his boldness – the realisation. Everything. And Boromir had not dared to breathe. He was blind to all but her in his arms. He was touching her, holding her. His Queen. And her smile was suddenly gone almost shy even as relief blossomed in her face and Boromir of Gondor who should have died upon Amon Hen would have kissed her then if he'd had the courage. But braver the elf than the mortal, and more fool the human, for she dipped her head and moved up close and her lips to his skin, just beneath his earlobe, were warm. And then they were gone. Then there was silence. End As always, comments are welcome.