his desires are mine. Heat starts to build deep within and it flows outward as he runs his tongue tip over my lower lip and nibbles experimentally. I already know where this is headed for he never kisses me like this and then goes back to sleep. We tried that once but it was no success. I press another kiss to his lips and smile as he hums approvingly. Where she lies against him, Arwen stirs and lifts her head. "What time is it?" "Legolas says past midnight." Now fully recovered from childbirth, she can once again wholly participate in any game we wish to play. It came as a surprise to me when I, during the last weeks of her pregnancy when she would only kiss or be kissed, realised I missed her touch. But I treasured that feeling for I knew then that we had reached our goal. Now little Mearíl sleeps in the cot in the adjacent room but the door stays open during the night and only Aragorn's snoring will wake her, we joke. He glares then and has his way with us until he is exhausted and we drop one more comment about how the Valar blessed us with a child with selective hearing. She pushes herself up into a sitting position and flicks her hair back so that at least I with my eyesight see the outlines of her breasts, heavier now that she has carried a child. She vehemently refused to hand over her daughter to a wet nurse and will suckle Meraíl for many more months ahead. It was a strange sight, at first, seeing her like that, and seeing body parts that would normally arouse both me and Aragorn used so differently. And it took us a while also to find our rhythm again after she was healed. "I'll just..." She slips out of bed and I know where she is headed. We all do it though we have not discussed it openly. I too have abandoned scrolls and letters, my bed or my food to tiptoe into the room where our daughter sleeps just to make sure that she is breathing. When she returns, she crawls into what has become my side of the bed and she leans down and kisses me. I taste her sweetness, so different from Aragorn's, and then I feel a hand upon my hip and Aragorn turns over to face me. His fingers drag along my skin and I shiver in response. He leaves kisses all over my chest and I lift my hand to her breasts and trace their fullness. Her tongue flickers over my lower lip and the heat that rose in me before returns and I quiver as Aragorn grows bolder and his caresses change to match his mood. I swell at his touch and her warm wetness and then my hand finds another type of wetness as she parts her legs. Aragorn's fingers wrap around my exposed length and he teases me at first, and only when I arch upward with a moan does he increase the pressure and begin to stroke in earnest. My own fingers, on their own quest, part the soft folds and find the entrance to her body. A tiny whimper falls from her lips as I slide a finger inside and the kiss is momentarily broken. Aragorn drapes himself partially over me and I feel his hardness press against my thigh. He coaxes shivers to race across my skin and I curl my finger inside Arwen's wet heat and rub her from within. She responds with a soft cry and I feel a rush of heat through her, through me... Aragorn mumbles something and I can feel my own member weeping at his touch, and the slickness eases the friction. I kiss Arwen and aim again for the hidden pleasure spot buried inside her, and listen to the moans that rise and fall around us as we push each other deeper into the swirl of ecstasy... I barely know what is happening when Aragorn urges me onto my side and slides a slick finger inside. I hear my own groan tear from my lips and I press the pad of my thumb to the small nub between Arwen's parted thighs. She jerks back at the touch but does not pull away. I dip into her wetness again, coating my thumb liberally so that she will not find my skin coarse where she is so sensitive. I hope I am breathing as I massage her and feel Aragorn stretch me at the same time. Then he pushes inside, fills me, and his hand on my length quickens its pace and I lose track of everything besides him inside me, and her bending over me, shaking with pleasure, and I know not who I am kissing but it matters not at all. ~:O:~ "You must tell Faramir to bring Éowyn hither; the babe will be here soon..." Arwen's voice is sleepy. "I will not allow you to corrupt them too," I say and her lips curve upward in a smile though her eyes remain closed. "We are the best healers..." she mumbles. I turn to look at Aragorn. "You're a midwife now?" He lifts one eyebrow and smirks. "For you, anything." I shake my head against the pillow but I smile too. Their hands lie joined upon my chest. Arwen has curled around me and Aragorn has done much the same to my right, though he would not phrase it so himself perhaps. The room is still dark, only the faintest hints of dawn have blended with the darkness in the far-off East. And such a sweet darkness it is. My eyes drift once more to their entwined fingers: Aragorn and Arwen. Or Aragorn and I. Or Arwen and I. All of us. Three. End What do we think? Sindarin: meleth nín – my love manen? - how? Le hannon – thank you Híril nín – my lady