loud 'click' where his throat had been moments before. He sat there on his rear end staring wide eyed at the Dwarf. "Traitor!" it roared in a deep voice, as it fought furiously against it's bonds. The heavy posts shook ominously as the Dwarf thrashed against it's chains giving another angry and frustrated roar that seemed to shake the shed, the thick muscles in it's chest and arms rippling and bulging in a frightening show of barely contained strength. In the back of Enriten's mind a small voice deeply thanked Lars and the other men for so thoroughly binding the Dwarf earlier, he now wasn't sure if a simple set of chains could have held this creature. It's bonds still stubbornly holding, the Dwarf seem to slowly calm again. "I will tell you nothing! Shit-worm!" it ground out between tightly clenched teeth, murder in it's eyes as it's struggles finally ceased. Enriten, after a few deep breaths, managed to calm his racing heart and get up off the floor, noticing with irritation that none of the other Men in the room came over and offered him a hand up before turning to sneer down at the seething Dwarf. It's heavy breathing hissing out between it's clenched teeth at it glared up in disgust at him. "I don't care how, just get me the information I need!" he yelled at the Men. The response he got was not the one he was hoping for however. "I'm tired of beating him, beside he hasn't said anything since we started questioning him. Well except to curse us and our bloodlines," the heavyset Man wined as he wiped at his sweaty brow with his hairy arm. "Nothing works, we haven't even gotten a good scream out of him yet!" the bald Man said in frustration, motioning to the wounds on the Dwarf that they had already inflicted. "Lars did get a few tears out of him, when he drove those bits of wood under his finger nails though," Morhan added helpfully, Enriten on the other hand only angrily rolled his eyes. "Why did I even bother highering you lot for?" He exploded, before turning his focus on Lars who was still standing next to him. "I thought you said you could make anyone talk-- that you were the best this side of Mordor!" yelled Enriten, but Lars was apparently at his own limits and snapped right back at the smaller Man. "Listen you piece of troll dung! If I had five-- six days. There are ways! Better ways!" Lars snapped back, throwing his hands up. "You gotta break'em in the head, not the body. Shit if I had time I--" "Time is something we don't have, fool!" interrupted Enriten with a hiss, cutting him off with a sharp movement of his hand. Everyone fell silent as they watched the small Man begin to pace again, this time with his hands behind his back as he worried his top lip. Enriten was in a perfect snit. If he couldn't get this information he would have to scrap his original plans and try and steal the actual documents from the palace treasury, which would be next to impossible. The only venue left open at the moment was to try and continue on with his original plans, perhaps the Dwarf only need some… stronger persuasion. He stopped pacing when his eyes alighted on a rusted and dusty axe amid the debris and tools in a shadowed corner of the room. Well if nothing else, he could guarantee himself a little satisfaction that the Dwarf would suffer for it's stubborn silence, even if he didn't get the information he needed. The others watched as Enriten walked to a shadowed corner of the room where some piled crates and tools sat. "Consider this a test," He said, bending down and picking something up. The others watched the Man turn around with a dirty and rusted wood-chopping axe now in hand as he walked back. All the Men had their attention to Enriten, so none saw the look of fear and utter hopelessness flash momentarily in Gimli's deep brown eyes at the site of the object in the traitor's hands. The irony was not lost on the Dwarf. Enriten shoved the axe into Lars hands, then moved to stand right before the Dwarf again. "Use the blunt side," he said to Lars even as he stared arrogantly down at the prisoner, watching as that bruised and bloody face turned up. Looking into those blazing brown eyes, those inhuman eyes that glared back at him in utter contempt and defiance. "We don't want him going into shock and dieing on us," He continued with a smirk even though he felt a bit disappointed at not seeing not even a flash of worry or fear in those glaring almond-shaped eyes. With that he turned and walked towards the door way to the other room, the other Men watching him go. "I'll be back tomorrow. If he doesn't talk…start breaking his fingers-- then his hands-- then his arms," he said over his shoulder. "Hey Enriten?" Lars called after him, the axe still in hand. "What?" The small Man snapped, pausing in the open doorway and turning to glare back at him. "What do we do if he still doesn't talk?" "Anything you want. What ever is left we can sell, I know of a few black-market traders here in the city that will pay good money for real Dwarf parts," he said, thinking that he could at least make a little profit from this, if nothing else. With that Enriten stormed out of the small sweltering shed and slammed the door behind him. Cutting off the final sight of the bound Dwarf turning it's wary attention to the two humans that advanced on him with closed fists and heavy axe. ' ' ' ' I'll see if people are interested in me continuing. If not I'll go ahead and post my original ending.