the next day. Restlessness grasped me long before supper and it truly seemed like I would never be released. Supper was torture. Never before had I believed that I would judge an evening in Imladris as such, but my seat was among the party from Mirkwood, and you were seated far down the table. I would have looked at you, and only you, during the entire meal, but I could not, as I hope you understand. Now I am in my room, packing what little I have brought and going through my stash of arrows – again. Clouds still cover the sky behind my curtain so I do not miss out on Ithil's glow and the glimmering of the stars. You disappeared so quickly after supper. When I was free to see you again. I miss you. I will not hunt after you if you do not desire my company, but you should know that occasionally my lips tingle and across my hand sweeps a warm sensation carrying a hint of you. Lord Elrond and Glorfindel were, when I left them after supper, still speaking with Faron. Tomorrow I shall take my leave of them once more, and only the Gods know what more must remain behind. It is not very late and I could probably still join them, but I stay in here, tending to the fire and doing my very best to hold back the fears that threaten to creep forward. I arrange my riding clothes and my quiver on a chair. I place my long knife on top of the pile. It is then that I am interrupted by a low knock on the door. Briefly I hesitate, but hope is too strong a power to deny. With my breath caught in my throat I go to open. And there you are, already dressed in a nightshirt and carrying my boots I left by the door earlier. "I thought you may want these back." You hold them out to me with a shy smile. "Thank you," I smile also and accept them into my own hand. "I completely forgot about it." "I noticed." A gleam in the grey. "Estel…" I bite my lip, unsure of what comes now. "Will you come in?" You look like you are pondering my offer very intently, but finally you nod and I step aside and let you enter. Your bare feet seek out the rug as I place the boots by the chair already laden with my other belongings. "You are leaving tomorrow morning." Yes, I am. "I do not wish to leave." I turn to you and meet your eyes that are calling to me so strongly. "I do not wish for you to leave either." Your voice lowers when you are treading unknown ground. It stirs a type of energy in my heart that wills me to embrace you and assure you that you could not be more in the right. The eager flames in the fire-place are calming down and dimming the light in the room. Your dark hair catches some of it and plays with it lazily. I can hear my own breathing so loudly that the sound of it must carry as far as the sea and beyond. I mean to say something but you speak before I have time to choose my words. "May I stay the night with you, Legolas?" I did not dare to ask. "You may." A smile grows on my lips as I walk over to where you are standing, and it brings forth an almost identical replica of the grin I have, on rare but treasured occasions, been presented. I remove my second pair of boots, but these I do not bother to put away. My shirt and my leggings I leave on as they are comfortable enough to sleep in and not much soiled. I reach up to untie the braids that hold my hair in place, but your hands shoot up and land there instead. "Let me." Your fingers could probably work swifter, but you take your time undoing the braids while that light of wonder graces your eyes. Your own hair falls freely around your shoulders and I run my fingers through it and experience a whole new texture. Here, in the warmth of the house I can vaguely smell your scent. Herbs, I detect, which must come from the vast amount of time you spend in the Healing Wing with Elrond. There is also something else, something wilder, but so far I have no name for it. Your arms fall to your sides when you are finished. I take you by the hand and lead you to the bed. Pushing back the covers, I sink down upon it, suddenly struck by this reality I am living in this very moment. You sink down beside me and we sit in silence for awhile. Outside, the snow will still be falling as you lean closer and place a kiss on my cheek. And then all seems so very simple. We ease down and I roll onto my right side even though the arrow-wound does not pain me any longer. You mimic my action and a feeling of blessed perfection warms my heart as you spoon up behind me and carefully wind an arm around my waist. I pull the blankets over us and your nose buries deep into my hair. " Losto mae, Legolas." As you drift off to sleep, I lay awake and marvel at the light that holds power over the dark, and the nightmares that become the sweetest of dreams. Fin Translations: Hrívë – the season of winter (Reckoning of Rivendell) Êl – star Faron – a male hunter adar – father ada – dad/daddy tithen pen – little one ion nin – my son le hannon – thank you losto mae – sleep well Anor – the elvish name for the sun Ithil – the moon Arda – the World Eä – the Universe