mirth. "I am serious, Faramir. I will give you no children..." "Little do I care about that," says Faramir. He cups Legolas' cheek and brushes his thumb over a pale cheekbone. "It is you I want." His words are greeted by silence. The elf looks so tired and so battered, and yet there is something shining in him that has not been there before. "Do not leave me," Legolas whispers. "Never leave me, Faramir." Their kiss is long and slow. With it returns some of the warmth from the morning past. Faramir shifts even closer, trying as best he can to not disturb his wounded leg, but only partly succeeding. He tastes the fear lingering on his lover's tongue, and it takes a long while before it has been banished. There is still tension in the way Legolas lies against him but this, Faramir hopes, is more due to pain than anything else. When they part, he cannot ignore the traces of tears on Legolas' cheeks. He leaves them be. Legolas sighs against his cheek. "I would speak with you more," he mumbles, "but I am so tired." "Then sleep," whispers Faramir. "Sleep properly, and heal." As Legolas breathing gradually evens out, Faramir is left pondering this: how he suddenly came to be the strong one, how a mortal man such as himself can give comfort to an immortal being of the ancient world. It is sometime later that the opening to the tent is disturbed and a figure appears in the wasting night. No words are spoken as Aragorn slides soundlessly into the tent. He is shrouded in a heavy cloak of the same non-colour as the fading shadows of night. Under his hood, his face is drained of everything. As he approaches them, his gaze skids over Faramir's groin. He has covered himself up but his laces remain untied. Faramir lifts a hand, holds it out to him and so beckons him closer. His King takes it, allows it to guide him to crouch by the simple bed. He does not even bother to remove his cloak as he pulls a blanket over them all and lies down, curling around Faramir's side and letting out a long breath. "Just for tonight..." he mumbles into Faramir's dirty hair. Faramir presses a kiss to his forehead. On his other side, Legolas sighs in his sleep. Faramir yearns to pull him on top of him and wrap his arms around him. As soon as they are healed... Ithilien, with all its glory is waiting for them, in a world that seems so far away this night. So far away... Elsewhere, another is waiting. When Faramir thinks of the Queen of Gondor, he thinks of Aragorn's honour. Of his promises. He wonders if she ever suspects, ever sees the shades of longing in him. He is true to her, and that is a beautiful thing, Faramir knows this. So does Legolas. This is why they do not speak of it. But here and now, while they are still safe in the dark, he presses a new kiss to Aragorn's brow. And his King sleepily turns his face up to him and Faramir seeks out his lips with his own. They do not kiss deeply but their mouths join and they share a heartbeat, two heartbeats, three... Just for tonight. -xxx- Dawn is grey and dreary. Faramir wakes to the first call of the soldiers outside and the bleak daylight which filters through the canvas. He knows at once that he is alone with Legolas in their tent. That the King is again their King. He rubs his eyes with the heel of his hand and then wishes he had thought the better of it. He is filthy and reeks of dried blood, sweat and dirt. And traces of his and Legolas' release are visible on his skin, too. Still, he cannot help the smile that curves his lips as he presses a kiss into the matted blond hair. Legolas' soft breathing is just peaceful enough to make him believe that he might soon see some glorious sunlight again. "I love you so very much," he mumbles, breathing in Legolas' presence. The elf moves against him. "I feel as though I've been trampled by a hoard of Mûmakil." Laughing, Faramir run his knuckles down his cheek. "And I could use a bath." "A bath," says Legolas longingly. "Oh, what a blessing that would be..." "Indeed. Do you think Aragorn will mind very much?" His lover sighs. "Aye, to tell you the truth, I believe he would. He gave me strict orders not to disturb the bandages or rinse off whatever foul-smelling paste he covered me in last night." They have not moved in their sleep, but now Legolas very gingerly withdraws from him and winces as he attempts to sit, the blanket falling away from him and exposing his slender frame. In the greyish light, Faramir can clearly see how his shirt is torn and spattered with mud and dried blood. He swallows hard. But Legolas groans. "I am beginning to think that all of this consorting with humans has made me more susceptible to pain..." Though he knows it to be a jest, Faramir is unable to smile at it. "Perhaps..." he begins, his throat grown tight. "Perhaps...?" Legolas carefully turns around to raise an eyebrow at him. Then his face falls and he speaks urgently. "No, Faramir, you must not say what you think. There is no such magic in this world." He traces Faramir's stubbly jawline with a forefinger. "I do not regret coming to Gondor." He cocks his head to the side. "I love you, adan nín." As Faramir looks up at him, and Legolas' eyes do not leave his, he wonders if perhaps they are both wrong. If perhaps they, too, have made promises, unknowingly. If they have, he knows he will be like his King: he will be ever true to his love. End Comments are welcome.