a bad title for a poem: The Sacrifice of a King. Worth remembering. When Legolas kissed him, he almost forgot it. (The title, not the kiss – that would have been rude, if not strange.) Luckily he was a skilled poet and as such he never forgot a clever title. His Elf's tongue slid against his own, coaxing him to touch and explore. Legolas was warm too (nice) and he offered a soft moan as Aragorn took over the stroking business and pressed against his lover (also nice). Aragorn increased the pace slightly and felt an answering shudder in the slender form moulding against him. He spread the first wetness that formed at the tip of Legolas' arousal over the satiny skin and felt his own length twitch in response, just as Legolas let out a longer moan. "Aragorn..." his lover's lips brushed against his, "you had me this morning..." That was true. There really was no reason for Legolas to lie about such a thing. Aragorn had been there as well (or he could not have taken Legolas), and so he knew that was the truth. "Mmm..." he agreed. He ran a fingertip over the slit at the tip and teased it a little, making his husband writhe deliciously beside him. Then he must have missed what happened for suddenly he lay on his belly with his hard length pressed into the covers and his head turned to the side. Legolas crouched beside him, reaching for the jar on the bedside table. The Elf turned a smirk on him. "So it is my turn." There was nothing in Aragorn that protested. Even if he had wanted to, he would not have walked out of the room (if that made any sense). Besides, the door was locked and key number eight was now hopelessly lost among all the other keys in that stupid pouch. With a little bit of luck, they would never find it again and it would take everyone a couple of days before they realised their King and his Consort were missing. Lovemaking would drown out the need for food, he reasoned, if they engaged in it wholeheartedly – and one look at Legolas' bright eyes and... the rest of him... told him that would be no problem. A slick finger delving between his buttocks made him groan. "On your hands and knees, lover." Who was he to object? The first finger slid inside with ease. The second met with some resistance and the third with even more. Aragorn swayed forward a little as Legolas almost draped himself over him and pressed kisses into his skin. Deep, heavy breaths wafted over his neck and shoulder and Aragorn did not care that he cried out when Legolas finally found his arousal and fisted him firmly. "There..." Legolas' raspy whisper sent shivers across his skin. "Open up for me, love... Open up!" He did. His Elf slid inside, sheathed himself completely in Aragorn's body. Legolas' long groan matched his own perfectly (they had practised quite a lot, after all) though maybe it was slightly more melodious. Aragorn did not care. He pushed back when Legolas thrust forward; the hand stroking his length not losing its rhythm even though they were clearly headed towards the edge. A jolly nice path to take once in a while. Or twice a day or so. Or more often than that. As a matter of fact, Aragorn would very much like to erect (hehe) a tent near that edge. A good view is everything. Or close to everything. It was hard (ah, the humour!) to decide when you were – close. Which he was. Which Legolas soon found out. There was sweat-slicked skin, and stroking and thrusting and the Gods know what. (Aragorn hoped they were not always looking... He was not sure what he was supposed to think of Gods who were so interested in his bedchamber activities.) Then he cried out and came, and Legolas did very much the same. Which rhymes, in case you did not notice. They ended up in a bit of a mess on the bed, legs and arms entwined, and with Legolas' fair hair creatively covering up Aragorn's face. For a first, swirling, glorious, moment, he did not care, but then he must breathe and he had no wish to swallow his lover's hair, pretty though it was. He would have tried to brush it aside had his hands not been caught in the general tangle of limbs and so he spluttered and coughed instead. "Lover?" Legolas lifted his head which was a welcome reaction. "Ah." Somehow the hair disappeared and Aragorn nurtured a flash of mourning when he thought Legolas would roll off him. Hence the joy when the Elf stayed put. "I love this..." Legolas gave a gentle roll of his hips and since he was still buried inside Aragorn, the latter experienced this first-hand. "And I love you. I am very glad I beat my father to the goal." Aragorn was fairly sure there was a smile on his husband's face though he could not see it. At least he hoped so. "I never wanted your father," he muttered. "I will keep you locked in this room and when you crave some fresh air or sunlight or moonlight or starlight or whatever, you can open the window." Legolas chuckled. Then he decorated Aragorn's shoulder with a series of kisses. "We shall have to investigate the advantages of such an arrangement," he said. "But I think, Elessar, that you will have to step up your game..." "Why is that?" Aragorn would have twisted to face him but he was too comfortable where he lay. "Because," Legolas rolled his hips a second time and now Aragorn felt the stirrings of desire reawakened, "now I believe I have you trapped." His voice gained a dangerous edge. "And I intend to abuse my position shamelessly. Well, what was he to do? The sacrifices of a King. The End