some Elf's legs!" groused Gloin. Just at that moment Gandalf seemed to suddenly suffer a coughing fit. He waved off their questioning looks, muttering something under his breath that sounded suspiciously like "you have no idea", before returning to his pipe with a twinkle in his gray eyes, as if he knew some humorous secret. Considering that he was a Wizard it was probably the truth. The striped cat on his lap only opened one eye, annoyed that he would ruin such a perfect nap, before going back to sleep. Strange… Gloin shook his head at the Wizard and the cat before he returned to lecturing his son. "Since those Orc raids on the coal shipments stopped, the mine work should be constant. But if something does happen, make for Turquoise Hill (Turquoise Hill was a small permanent dwarf camp to the west, past a small town called Shiprock, yet still in the Blue Mountain region. It was set up in front of a small hill that was actually the mouth of a turquoise mine.) Master Drow owes me a favor, so he can give you work. If I don't find you here I'll check there," said Gloin as he started to walk in the direction of the barn door. "Remember to keep your axes sharp and clean, do your Forms, don't forget to keep your wages hidden, and watch out for Rowell! There's something dark to that Man, not to mention he's up to something. "Yes, yes, I know!" said Gimli impatiently, rolling his eyes, annoyed that his father would think he needed reminding. He followed Gloin out of the barn, leaving the watching Gandalf, still smoking his pipe, and the snoozing cat behind. …..*back to the present*…….. Gandalf ate about half of his bit of venison before he gave the rest to Gimli, who gladly finished it for him, having consumed his portion of meat in four large bites. After that, Gimli busied himself by stoking the fire and smoking the rest of the venison (so he could have something to eat later), while he listened as Gandalf told him about his rescue of his father and the others from three trolls. He stopped Gandalf every once in awhile to make a comment or ask a question. It was now a little past noon, by the angle of the sun. The two had lapsed back into comfortable silence, broken only by the cracking and pop of the fire, the creak of leather and the occasional clink of the axes now attached to Gimli's belt as he moved around their small camp. Gandalf decided that now was as good a time as any to get to the bottom as to why the young Dwarf was here and not where he should be, and to find the cause for the unexplained scars, some of which were still an angry red. He was beginning to become greatly concerned about what had happened to the young Dwarf in the past year. "Gimli, come over here and sit down," said Gandalf, waving to a space beside him. Gimli finished stoking the fire, then reluctantly came over and sat down as he was told. By the uncomfortable expression on his face and the way he looked everywhere but at the Wizard, he knew what was coming. "Gimli, what are you doing here?" asked Gandalf calmly. "I told you. I was on my way to the Iron Hills when a Raven called Vok stopped me and told me about Smaug's death and the Elf King-" But Gandalf interrupted him. "Gimli, I have known you since before your honorable mother birthed you-- and I know when you are not telling me the whole truth!" Gandalf said sternly, his tone causing Gimli to flinch. "What were you doing going to the Iron Hills, anyway? You are not dressed properly for traveling, not even for the proper time of year," continued Gandalf, motioning to Gimli's thin sleeveless red shirt. "You have no supplies with you…" He paused, but Gimli kept his face turned to the fire, silent. "Gimli, why are you not at Black Hollow like your father told you? And how in Aule's name did you get those scars? What happened?" he said softly. At first Gandalf thought Gimli would say nothing, for the Dwarf sat stiffly, staring into the flames of their fire and not looking at the Wizard. The silence stretched as Gandalf studied the silent Dwarf, patiently waiting for Gimli to speak. Dwarves expressed emotion and feelings mainly through body language and their eyes. In fact Dwarves had an entire language of just body language alone (extremely helpful when one found themselves in a situation that called for silence yet still needing a way to communicate). At the moment Gimli sat beside him with his crossed arms resting atop his bent knees, and his chin resting on his arms. His deep brown eyes were almost completely black, ringed by only a small band of rich brown from under thick eyelashes. The flames from the fire seemed to dance in the depths of their glassy surface. It was then that Gandalf finally recognized the strange look in those eyes that he had noticed but could not identify. He had seen that same look in Gimli's eyes when he was six, mute from the loss of his twin; it was horror and anguish. Just when Gandalf decided to break the silence, Gimli spoke quietly, hardly above a whisper. "It started a month after you and father left…" In case you were wondering about the strange names for Gimli's family, here's what their mannish names mean. Mother = Lady Nei Burkdis = Lady Nei Axe Goddess Older brother = Daira = Earth Gimli's Twin brother = Nin = Water Gimli = Fire/Stars Gimli's sister = Minal = Heaven/Sky Baby brother = Mano = Spirit Once again, a big 'Thank you'! To the lovely Miss Little My, who whipped this chapter and others into proper shape ^_^ !