or cries, and then beneath the skies – we fought. Come what may, this bloody day – oh, woe, the Morannon! When all was lost and hope had dwindled, then Sauron he was amazingly swindled! For the Eagles came and the Hobbit cast the Ring into the fire at last. Come what may, this bloody day – oh, woe, the Morannon! The world collapsed then into chaos, but for the Evil there was no pathos, for Sauron's rule was over and ended, and that was nice and quite splendid. Come what may, this bloody day – oh, woe, the Morannon! Oh, woe, the Morannon! #17: The King Comes (Sorted under 'Random Ramblings', most of the time.) This is not a rhyme but was considered one by Aragorn Elessar who uttered the very words himself in Ithilien, after the Ring had been cast into the fire. Imladris enjoys its friendship with Gondor too much to ignore this line. " The Fourth Age shall begin with the coming of the King." Ent Troubles: This is a category invENTed due to the existence of three verses. Because of the scarcity of Ents in present-day Middle-earth we dare to publish them. They were written by Aragorn Elessar after he had taken up residence in the White City in May III 3019, if anybody cares to know. #18: Oh, Ent! (We leave it up to you, dear reader, to decide if this one should also belong to the category 'Whole and Hale'. Any remnants of the entish population should be happy to note that it is not located under 'History Unfolding'.) Oh, Ent! Oh, Ent! Away I thee sent, thou shalt no more enter my Halls… … cometh not within my walls. Thou must go with thine head bent! #19: Away! (Also 'Random Ramblings' or possibly 'Stray words combined'.) Oh, creature of bark, and leaf, and root, away your presence I shove – with my boot! #20: Elf and Man (Belongs to 'Whole and Hale'.) This is a verse that was also written by Aragorn Elessar who still has not understood that he should never again take up his quill. It can be regarded as a companion piece to (#3) The Longing of an Elf in Darkness but written from a Mans' perspective. Oh, hear ye souls of City White: the roar of planning not so right. Alas! The Elf is now subdued, because his timing was so skewed! #21: Why do the Ents still linger? (Undoubtedly belongs to the category 'Ent Troubles' and possibly also 'Random Ramblings' and 'Stray words combined'.) Nobody understands this poem. We have nothing to add. Ent and Elf shall never be for there is naught but terror to see… if it… were so. Oh! The image of the mismatched pair – enough to raise the hair … on the back of your neck, when you check… them out… Doubt! There shall be if ever such a union took place in the face of the King, who will not sing its praise. #22: Oh for the Gift of Love or Ode to an Elf (Legolas) (This poem can be found under 'Whole and Hale', but really it deserves its own category. A possible one could be 'Heartbreakingly Embarrassing'.) This one, the last and final poem in this anthology, was written by Aragorn Elessar around the time of the creation of the Ent poems. Many things could be said about it, but it is told that when it was first read aloud to Legolas Thranduilion at least there was some rejoicing in fact that the rhyming was properly dealt with. The combination of 'days' and 'prevails' could be debated but since no one at Imladris Library has had the energy to do that, it has not been done. A day so warm – a summer's day – when the birds all sang with cheer, when the sunlight flowed across the grass a rider proud drew near. With hair of gold and eyes so bright into the Vale he rode, and knocked with fingers long and fine upon the Lord's abode. Oh for the Gift of Love! And I who long had wandered in shadows dark and deep, knew that hour I would give him my heart to keep. His voice it was like music, like the singing of the ford and hearing it will never make me tired or bored. Oh for the Gift of Love! But my fears would grow and strengthen for to him I was but this: a long-lost hope, a mortal man not one that he would kiss. And so my dreams were shattered with the arrival of the night, no Moon, no stars could ever understand my plight. Oh for the Gift of Love! When dawn broke through the darkness and daylight filtered through the curtains of my chamber my sorrow only grew. But when I went out walking, as I strolled among the trees, beauty stood before me and I fell to my knees. Oh for the Gift of Love! I was offered then the greatest gift that is in Eä, and in return I give my heart, my body and my fëa. And now that danger is no more and life and light prevails, will you bind with me, my one true love, for all our future days? Oh for the Gift of Love! – xxx – Afterword If you have managed to reach the end, we are impressed. If you have reached the end by reading through all of the above recorded poetry, we are even more impressed. If you have done that and still are feeling healthy, we are of the opinion that you deserve much praise. We at Imladris Library are hopeful that this publication will take on a life of its own so that we will never need to concern ourselves with it again. It is with great relief that we now greet a new dawn and a new future, blessedly ignorant of any other royal poetry around. Good day.