he draws back. She can almost feel the air in his lungs, the blood flowing in his veins... Suddenly he slows to a stop, she can't help the frustrated mewl. Then his weight begins to lean to the side and she understands what he's trying to do. He nudges and wiggles until they have switched places, with him lying underneath and her atop. She looks down at him, a little surprised. He's giving her the gift of control. Complete control. Over him, over the lovemaking, because up until now, if either of them had any control in a situation it was him, being the employer and all. That's why he's asked her to tell him, why he's waited until she gave the go-ahead before they started. She's not quite certain what to do, but leans forward to kiss him warmly. He responds, tracing his fingers down her spine and drawing circles at the base. She shifts her muscles. Goes back, then forward. "Yes..." She she hears him sigh, then he lifts his pelvis in an alternating stroke. It's a dance. A slow, languid dance unlike any she's seen either in the Shire or elsewhere. She moves almost gracefully, every shift and rock a fluid motion. His knees bend and his feet flatten against the bed, lifting himself up to kiss her, then press his brow to her own. Then he says the words that undo her completely, "Yours... Only yours." It's madness after that. Beautiful madness. They mold and melt, cries intermingling so they can't tell them apart. Gravity pushes her down, making him reach farther into her and brush a thousand different wonderful points that create a sweet, syrupy buildup of pressure. She leans far enough to press their chests together, low enough for the damp creamy skin of his lower belly to caress the blessed little bundle of nerves. His hands and fingers stroke and grasp her flanks, trailing tracks in her sweaty skin. She traces the point of his ear with her tongue and the movement of his hips stutters, becoming a sharp, staccato of quick deep thrusts and his nine fingers curl into her skin. A string of incoherent gasps and whimpers bursts from her lips as she starts to teeter on the... very... edge... Suddenly he slides one hand between them, fingertips pressing and circling above where they're joined and... oh! Her throat constricts around a sob. This peak brings the one from minutes previous to shame. It tears her from the inside out, feeling like her body is flying apart into many small pieces, renting her with white-hot threads and leaving her into a mess like melted honey. She feels him pitch and shudder beneath her, head flung back and arms clinging to her frame as he gives a happy cry. The faint lines of weariness fade away from his face and are replaced with luminous bliss, his burdens forgotten, if just for a moment. Her head droops to his chest as she feels him tense and tremble for several more moments. "Valar...!" He gasps, before his whole body finally falls limp. "Sam." A soft whispering of her own name pulls her slowly, gently, to the surface of waking. AS she draws closer she's made aware of the finger tips tracing errant patterns in her skin. "Mmh... Aye?" her eyes peer out into the purplish light. Her joints feel rather stiff, something soft, warm, and smooth is curled up around her. The memories of the previous evening return in a warm flow, bringing a wide smile to her face. "Am I havin' that dream again?" He nuzzles the nape of her neck. "You've dreamed of this?" There's a definite smile in his voice. "At times." He leans forward and kisses her cheek. "I should be returning to my own room soon. Unless you don't mind them finding us like this." She pushes her feet against the blankets to move herself closer. "I'd much rather not, If you don't mind." They only continue to lie there. "Weren't you a-goin'?" She tries not to break into laughter. "I planned to." He murmurs, smirking and noncommittal. Still, he makes no move to get up, and she's in no great hurry to make him leave, loving the feel of his arms draped around her and his breath ghosting over her skin. They begin to drift off again. Then Frodo gives a faint start."Did you hear that?" "Mwhat?" She mumbles sleepily, eyes sliding open. She turns her head to face him. "I'm... not quite sure how to describe it." He begins to glance about the dim room, looking for some sign or source. "It was... like a faraway drum beat in that it resonated, and at the same time a clear, high note, like that from a flute, or more like a finger running along the rim of a crystal glass." A bit of worry pricks her. Since Weathertop he's been able to see things, sense things, that she and their other mortal companions are unaware of. She strains her ears. All she can hear is the chirping of the sparrows and swallows out the window. "Perhaps it was the birds?" He shakes his head. "Didn't sound at all like any bird. It was... more soft and subtle." "D'you hear it now?" He's quiet a few moments longer, lips pursed slightly and brow furrowed. "No. I'm beginning to wonder if I truly heard it to begin with, it seemed so distant." "I shouldn't wonder that you were starting to dream." "You're probably right." He concedes. Sighing, and with great reluctance, Sam sits up. "It's nigh onto daybreak. You should probably start dressing." So they forget about the odd sound, for the time being. They're far too preoccupied with the future, everything so new and powerful between them. They don't remember until much, much later, once they are back home in the Shire. When they discover she is carrying the next generation of Bagginses, and begin to understand its meaning.