make her feel at least half as loved and cherished as he does at this moment. This is one treasure, he determines, that will not be destroyed in his lifetime. "Sam... my dearest, sweet Sam... ah... " She slowly tips backwards, back, back, down onto the pile of clothing that's accumulated on the floor. "Right here?" He says, incredulity and mirth in his voice."Shouldn't we move to..." "No." "But..." "No." She repeats definitively. Burying her face in his shoulder. "If we stop... might lose my nerve..." He smiles, stroking her back lightly, she rarely asks him of anything. "Very well." He leans back to look at her. It's overwhelming, all the unrestrained love and trust, urgency and awe, shining from her face. Her legs tumble apart on either side of him and it immediately becomes very real, stealing the breath from his lungs a second time. His eyes lock with hers, daring her to look away. He pushes forward slightly, just a nudge, though is makes them both jump. Still she holds his gaze. He pushes a little more, she suddenly holds her breath so he goes slowly, agonizingly slowly, a centimeter at a time. Hands curl into fists on the flagstone floor as he sinks into warmth as thick as honey. It smolders like embers and sends sparks up and down his spine and his mouth drops open to give a shuddering rasp of air. It is torture, exquisite torture. His whole body is trembling, shaking actually. Sam tenses, inhaling sharply and darting her hands to grip his wrists, to hold on to something . Still, their gazes never break. The sensations cause a flickering of light in his vision, a groan to bubble up in his throat. Suddenly he's as far as he can go and Sam's eyes fly shut, quickly biting down on her lip. Worry mars the pleasure. "Sam...?" He manages to choke out. She opens her eyes again and gives him a warm smile, slowly relaxing. "Doesn't hurt." She assures him in hushed breathless tones. "Just different." He's almost giddy with relief and joy, a wide grin breaking over his face and a hoarse laugh erupting from his mouth. He kisses her again, touching foreheads. "By Valar... I love you!" She murmurs. It resonates to his very bones. "I love you." He echoes. He draws his hips back then surges forward, eyes finally close and his head whips back from the golden surge. He hears someone crying out and realizes it is both of them. They are molding shapes moving with and against each other, like the surf on the shore. Forward... back... again. She melts and clenches around him, One strong leg hooked over his hip, the heel of the other pressing into the back of his spine, her hands trailing and stroking and grasping with loving desperation, her mouth skimming wherever she can reach on his face and neck and shoulders. Everything becomes a whirl of sensations almost too great to bear. All the while she is letting out the most wonderful, maddening sounds, cries and moans and whines mingling. Sounds pour from his own mouth, and he makes no attempt to control them, control the gasps and cries and Sam 's and Love 's and the occasional Elvish endearment. "Melda...Vanimelda...Mirnya... Insilnya..." Such a beautiful language, with such beautiful words, comes closer than any other to conveying his full meaning and emotions. He isn't certain how long it lasts. An hour, a few minutes, several minutes. Not long enough, basically, the tension blooming in his belly and groin becomes nigh unbearable. He reaches between them, touching her slick flesh above their joining while drawing a nipple into his mouth. Moments later she is there , spine arching and shuddering, sobbing out a sound that resembles his name, blunt nails scouring his back and body rippling around him. The last thing he sees is her face twisted in joy. And then the world tilts and vanishes, waves wracking his slight frame lost in a whirlwind of light and color sharp as glass as his body grows insubstantial. And then he's back, everything slowly coming into focus. They are lying together on his stone floor, in Bag End's kitchen, limbs tangled and breaths still waiting to be caught. He feels heavy, pleasantly so, a creature no longer transient as before. His eyes slowly slide open and rest on her face inches away, florid and rosy from exertion, eyelashes shining gold, lost in a bubble of contentment and bliss. He cannot, for the life of him, stop the affectionate smile from crossing his features. He feels the need to kiss her, to make up for all the times he should have and didn't. She gives a small laugh as his lips trail lightly over her brow, cheeks and nose. He isn't laughing. "My dearest Sam... I'm so sorry..." He whispers between kisses. "I've been blind. I didn't know... didn't see..." "I didn't want you to." She answers softly, eyes raising to his face. "I... I didn't think you would see me in this way." He regards her in mock seriousness, Touching foreheads again and squashing his nose playfully to hers. "Do you think so little of yourself." He asks in a playfully chiding tone. She smiles as well and her eyes hold laughter. "No me dear, just thought so highly of you." He waits for her to explain. "You ... you've always seemed so far out of reach, like... I don't rightly know... a star." "A Star?" He repeats, mirth ringing in his voice. "Aye. Glowing, unworldly, unbelievably beautiful." He reaches for her hand, bringing it to his lips. "If I am a star, Dear Heart, then you are the sun to me." She wiggles closer, beaming. "The sun, you say?" "Yes. Warm, golden, life-giving, and radiant." He softly kisses her on the lips again. "I cannot live without the sun." """""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""" A.N.: Frodo's words. roughly translated into english: Beloved...beautiful and beloved. My Treasure... My flower...