camp. "How is Frodo?" Pippin asked urgently. Merry put a finger to his lips. "He is sleeping now. We don't want to wake him -- it's for the best." Pippin hesitated. "Was it... was it very dreadful, Merry?" Merry shuddered. "Don't ask me to talk about it, Pip. Perhaps one day. But not now." oOo But when Frodo woke up in the early afternoon, it was Pippin he asked for. Pippin knelt down by Frodo's right side and took his hand. "How are you, Pip?" Frodo asked. His voice was weak, but it was not strained. Pippin blinked. "Why are you asking me that, you silly hobbit? You're the one who was shot. Not me!" Much to Pippin's amazement, Frodo chuckled very slightly. "True enough," he said. "I just thought that it must have been rather horrid for you to have to hear... and see what you did." Pippin squeezed Frodo's hand. "It was horrid," he admitted. "But I'm all right. I'm more worried about you. How do you feel?" "I've been better," Frodo answered. "I wish... I wish I could have stayed with you," said Pippin hesitantly. "I'm sorry, so sorry. The others wouldn't allow me to. And... and I think that I couldn't... have stayed." "I'm glad you didn't," said Frodo with some feeling. "I didn't want you to have to..." His brow furrowed and he closed his eyes tightly. "No, no," said Pippin. "Don't think about it. It's over, isn't it?" "You're right, Pip." But Frodo's eyes remained closed, and his eyebrows drawn together. "Oh no, this won't do," Pippin said alarmed. "No, Frodo. Please don't think about it." Frodo clutched Pippin's hand. "I'm sorry," he whispered and opened his eyes. "One hears about brave warriors who bear the pain of all kinds of wounds... and their healing. Despite what Aragorn said, I'm not turning out to be particularly brave, am I." Pippin blanched. "Frodo, what Aragorn did to you -- the burning..." "Was necessary," Frodo said. "I know. I know, Pip." "That wasn't what I was going to say." Frantically, Pippin cast about him for ideas -- anything to distract Frodo. Suddenly he knew. "Look, I think you need a change. Do you think you could sit up? Would it hurt you?" "I don't know," said Frodo. "Perhaps not." Eagerly, Pippin said, "Do you remember when we took turns to hold you after Weathertop? We sat near the fire and just held you to keep you warm. Would you like to do that again? The bank is not far from the fire, and I could sit against that. Then you could sit against me." Frodo thought for a moment. "Yes, I think I would. Thank you." And so, with the help of Boromir who gently picked Frodo up and laid him between Pippin's legs and against his chest, Frodo was settled within Pippin's embrace. Gimli came and draped a cloak over both of them. And Merry and Sam were glad and smiled to see Pippin at his new task. And then Aragorn and Legolas returned with the news of their success. They had found the portage route that passed the rapids of Sarn Gebir. Aragorn knelt down and put his hand on Pippin's head and one on Frodo's. "Thank you, Pippin," said Aragorn and he smiled. "Would you mind holding him while I check his arm?" Frodo stiffened, but Pippin nodded. "I will hold him." Aragorn was gentle as he carefully removed the bandages and soaked off the layer closest to Frodo's skin. Pippin took a quick look at the blackened wound and then looked away. But he held Frodo gently and did not waver. At last the wound was re-dressed, and Aragorn covered Frodo with Gimli's cloak once again. "It looks good," he said. "It is unlikely that there will be infection now." He looked at Pippin. "I will leave you to watch over Frodo." And he left them alone. "How is that, Frodo?" whispered Pippin into Frodo's curls. "Do you feel comfortable?" Pippin took great care not to jostle Frodo's left arm. "Much better," Frodo replied slowly. "You've been a great help, Pip. I must tell you -- do you remember washing my face when Aragorn had finished cutting my arm?" Pippin nodded. Suddenly worried, he asked, "Was that all right? I hope it didn't annoy you." Frodo made an odd sound between a laugh and a sob. "Was it all right? Oh Pippin, you don't understand. It was a moment of kindness, a moment of relief between... between..." He stopped here and with a sudden, impulsive movement, turned his head and burrowed under Pippin's chin. His eyes once again were closed. Pippin rocked Frodo slightly and stroked his hair. He could see the worried glances from the others. They had heard the sob. "Please, Frodo, open your eyes," Pippin said softly. "I have something for you." Frodo reluctantly obeyed. His eyes were wet with unshed tears. Pippin brought up Frodo's hand and carefully placed something between his fingers. "I heard you talking to Sam this morning," Pippin whispered, "about spring. So I thought I might try to find some Spring for you. It isn't much, but..." Frodo looked at what he held and then a small smile appeared. "It looks a little like a snowdrop," he said. "Not exactly, but close enough." Pippin took the flower from Frodo's hand and very lightly and almost playfully touched it to the tip of Frodo's nose. "There's your bit of Spring, cousin." Frodo nodded slightly. "Thank you, Pip," he whispered. "Oh, thank you!" And Pippin gathered Frodo in closely, and held him while Frodo wept freely. And just as spring rains come to bring new hope to a land, so were the hearts of all eased to hear the tension break and tears fall for the healing of Frodo. And, gradually, as the tears lessened, and Pippin comforted Frodo, they each were no longer shamed by their own thoughts of weakness. Spring had come. The End