ago when Glorfindel returned from a visit with Círdan at Mithlond– but more often it is about exploration. Not comfort, not solace, no easing of troubled hearts and minds but – exploration. We are less afraid of tears than Men are and for that I am thankful. I have yet to meet someone who can tell me why we should turn our faces away in shame when we have bared our soul to another and have been equally gifted in return. There is more to the joining of bodies than simply physical pleasure; Glorfindel's tears have melted into my skin on more than one occasion, and I have trusted him enough not to hide my own. And still I am sure there is more to discover. "Forgive me, I may be wrong..." My hand slides from his hardened shaft and I cup the sacs just beneath it. "Do you not, as a rule, enjoy a rather steady breakfast?" "Mmm...?" He twists on the sheets. "Mostly tea..." Suddenly his hand that has rested at the base of my spine covers mine and stills it. "It seems," he opens his eyes and the blue has darkened but lust has not completely dulled the glimmer in it. "that I am in need of the sustenance. Now..." He smirks and I cannot resist him. "Let us focus on you for a while," he decides before I press my lips to his. I roll onto my side and he spoons up behind me. Or if I respond to his will without knowing it. Perhaps in this case, age does bring wisdom. Celebrían was a timid lover before we had found a way that suited us – before she found she could trust me. I am too old to be shy but I am also old enough to never take another for granted. Glorfindel and I both were nervous, somewhat surprised at our own actions, but there was respect and we were – thankfully – spared the insecurity the younglings must master. And we did not forget the... "Oil?" His lips are caressing my neck, my shoulder... His hardness is pressed against me and my own body is humming in appreciation. His hand is stroking my belly, and one knee nudges its way forward between my legs. "Your side," I mumble, my eyes drifting shut. And so he leaves me alone for a minute or two as he rummages through the pile of last night's clothing I think I can remember ending up on the floor. "By Ulmo's..." Mumbled curses float around us but they only draw a smile from me. "Hah!" He throws himself down beside me again and drops a kiss to my cheek. "I am terrific!" I laugh and twist my head to see him. "Would you mind praising yourself later?" He raises an eyebrow and his lips curve into a new grin. "So we can proceed, you mean?" "Preferably." The oil lends his skin the same golden hue as his hair already has. The stretching is exquisite. I had forgotten how it felt and I had never thought I would experience it again after I wedded Celebrían. I cannot compare them for they are too different. She was everything I needed then and he is everything I need now. Sometimes, when the silvery moonlight fills my vision I wish I could have them both with me. I wonder what Sun and Moon would be like. I wonder if she loves another now, in the blessed realm? I cannot word a prayer that expresses just how much I hope that my children will know the same love as I have – as I do. "Now?" "Now." He slides into me. We are here and now; I am not standing by the water's edge, where tears and waves are kith and kin, I am not drawing nigh to the white shores myself, with excuses, questions and pleas on my tongue. All that was, and all that will be, is not now. Glorfindel's hand resumes its position on my belly and he anchors himself in our reality just as I do. His inner heat, his fire, flows from him to me in generous waves. You need sunlight too, Elrond. So many times he has chided me upon finding me still in the library – beyond redemption as the sun made ready to sink behind the horizon. And I concede: I do. The first faint streak of sunlight slips inside the bedchamber as Glorfindel yet again nudges a knee between my legs. His breathing grows heavier to match my own and his palm travels over my skin until it reaches my risen flesh. "Are you with me?" His voice is raspy as he pushes deeper inside until he lies completely pressed against me and it becomes impossible for us to be any closer. I exhale as the pounding intensifies – heartbeats and drumming desire combined. "Yes..." His hand encircles me and the slow stroking commences as he pulls out anew, and then pushes inside again, and again... And there is more sunlight, everywhere around me, within and without, as the greeting of the waxing day culminates in a perfect explosion of light. :~:O:~: With closed eyes, I breathe in this day as he returns from the gardens. He left the bed to throw open the doors and I have chosen to ignore that he in his turn ignored his robe. Something silky soft and cool lands on my chest but when I first open my eyes all I see is his shining blue gaze. "They are blooming." I glance down at pure whiteness dotted with silvery dewdrops. And I smile. "The roses." White shores... so long ago it feels; some faraway future. One hundred years yesterday, and life still flows through the Valley. White roses... now. And sunlight. End nana - mum mellon nín - my friend hir hín - my lord meleth nín - my love You're more than welcome to leave me a comment!