"Then there shall be no further questioning." Aragorn declared firmly. "You shall prepare for your travels. Anything you may need will be supplied. You are free to complete your pact, as soon as you deem yourselves ready." Gimli nodded firmly. "I will prepare our supplies." he grunted. "The Elf can organize the horse. Animals do not appeal to me on the whole, but that beast of his is particularly uncontrollable." "Never have you been in favor of Arod." Legolas said, shaking his head. "Yet I do not see why. Rarely in all my years have I found a steed as intelligent." "The creature may be wiser than the Valar for all I care! I would just prefer not to feel like I am about to be thrown off its back when I am riding, if it is not too much to ask. But nevertheless, horses are far from my area of expertise, so I will put faith in your judgement in this occasion." And with that the Dwarf hobbled off to the White Tower, watched on by an amused Aragorn. Legolas gazed up at the king, the Elf's sparkling blue eyes meeting his warm brown ones. " Hannon le, Aragorn." Legolas uttered quietly in his native language, his tone warm as he thanked his friend. "It is no trouble." he replied humbly. "But I would appreciate if you and Gimli could join me for dinner this evening. Arwen and I have some exciting news, and she would be furious if she were not there when I told you, to see your reaction." Legolas smiled with dawning understanding, and nodded. This news, he assumed, was what Aragorn had refused to tell Gimli and himself earlier (in spite of the Dwarf's eager questioning). As for what the news itself was, he was completely unaware. "Well, you have much to prepare." Aragorn remarked finally. "Yes, you are quite right." Legolas agreed quickly, nodding. "And again, Aragorn... thank you." The king smiled gladly, and watched as his Elvish friend turned away and exited the courtyard. Such was their eagerness that it took Gimli and Legolas only a few hours to prepare their things for the journey. They each readied a pack, in which they placed food for their travels, as well as some basic herbal medicines (in the unlikely case that they might need such items). They also packed clothing for all climates (the weather in the Fangorn Forest being rather unpredictable), including their cloaks of elven make that they had been given by Lady Galadriel at Lothlórien. By the time their plans were finalized, it had grown into night, and Legolas bathed quickly before heading downstairs to the king's dining hall. Here he found Gimli, Arwen and Aragorn already seated, chatting pleasantly. "Ah, Legolas, my friend, I thought you had abandoned us!" Aragorn laughed as he spotted the elf at the door. "Come, sit! We have much to discuss." The four of them talked of Legolas and Gimli's plans over an informal dinner. Arwen was very curious about where they were visiting, being the only one who had never seen the Fangorn Forest or the Glittering Caves. "Legolas, you have travelled through much of Middle Earth. What is it about the Fangorn Forest that makes you yearn to see it once more?" Arwen asked, puzzled. "I do not think I properly understand your desire." "The Forest is unique. It has an ancient air about it; a sort of darkness and mystery, quite unlike anywhere else I have travelled." explained Legolas thoughtfully. "In a way, it reminds me of Mirkwood. Travelers often find the forests of my homeland dark and foreboding - but we of Elven kind know that the secrets of the trees are not to be feared. The Fangorn Forest is alike it, in that sense." "It sounds intriguing." Arwen said in awe. "Intriguing? The Forest is nothing compared to the Glittering Caves, I assure you!" Gimli scoffed. "Filled with precious jewels, it is, and more mithril than all the dwarves in Middle Earth could ever mine!" "I will approach these Caves with an open mind, but I do not see how they could even compare to the Fangorn Forest." Legolas disagreed, shaking his head in disregard. "You Elves are too absorbed with your trees to see the beauty of the mountains !" boomed Gimli fiercely. "It is not merely trees that draw me back, dear Gimli." Legolas said, laughing softly. "How about the Ents?" "The Ents are impressive folk." admitted the dwarf unwillingly. "Huge, towering tree-folk, slow and steadier even than hobbits in their progression!" "They sound like something to behold!" Arwen marveled. "It is a pity indeed that their numbers are dwindling; soon they truly will be no more than the creatures of legend." "Our histories are doomed to be lost in the veil of time. Tales have been and will be forgotten that ought never to have been." Legolas shrugged. "Such is the way of the world." "Never a truer word has been spoken. Try as we might to preserve our histories, they do have a tendency of slipping through the cracks of living memory. But, though you speak naught but the truth, let us tarry no longer over such forlorn matters." Aragorn requested. "For we have joyful news that should be heard by two such close friends before they set out on their journey." Arwen's face lit up, and Aragorn mirrored her beaming smile. "Under ideal circumstances, we would have liked to have the others here - but the hobbits were eager to return to the Shire, and Gandalf is hard enough to keep in one place at the best of times, let alone when there is so much to be done in restoration." Arwen explained. "They will hear soon enough, no doubt, as news travels fast. But seeing as you two may be gone for some weeks..." She gazed across at Aragorn, who nodded, smiling. "Arwen is with child." he stated happily. "We are having a baby."