He opened up more, countering with his own tongue and eliciting a small moan from Legolas. This seemed to work as a cue for them both and the kiss became more demanding. With more force, Aragorn pressed against his elven lover, caught his lower lip and sucked on it hard. Hands were stroking his stubbly cheeks, tangling in his hair and bringing him as close as they could while he was still seated. He felt Legolas sucking on his tongue and warmth exploded within. Now, if he could get a little closer… A clank and a seeping sound startled them both and with overwhelming disappointment and great irritation, Man and Elf drew away from each other and watched as the ink bottle emptied the last of its dark liquid on Aragorn's paperwork. "Damn this bloody business," muttered Aragorn frustrated. "That is what you have to say after our first kiss since you left?" "You know what I mean." "It is no huge loss," Legolas said, eyeing the mess on the table. "I see you were trying to rhyme 'time' with 'fine' and that is like trying to rhyme 'giant spider' with 'Isengard'." "It is not!" Aragorn protested. "Yes it is. And you are wondering why Elves do not appreciate the written work of Men…" "'Time' and 'fine' are more alike than 'giant spider' and 'Isengard'." Legolas sighed. "'Time rhymes with 'lime', 'crime', 'climb' and 'prime' for example. 'Fine' rhymes with 'wine', 'line' and 'spine'." "Why would I want to use 'spine'?" Aragorn said. "I do not know! How am I supposed to know what you did on your travels?" "Apparently, since you are reading my report right now, you might have an idea," the Man grumbled. "No," said Legolas. "I cannot: it is soaked in ink," he finished pointedly as if Aragorn had lost all logic he ever possessed. In that moment, the flames of a couple of candles that Aragorn had lit when he first came in, flickered and died. The Man gave a heavy sigh and tiredly rubbed his forehead with his palm. "There is no way I can finish this tonight," he said, feeling completely exhausted. Legolas stood in silence, gazing at the black pool between them. "I tell you what," he said finally, "you clean this up and I will write that introduction for you." Aragorn raised his eyes and looked at him curiously. "How could you do that," he asked. "As you so rightly commented, you have not read through what I have written." "Ah," Legolas said, "I know you well by now, Aragorn, and I have read enough reports to be acquainted with the language – the elven preferences anyway. And what is more, I am desperate to get you into bed." A triumphant smile crossed the Elf's features but Aragorn was not satisfied. "So you leave me to clean up?" he concluded. "It was you who tipped over the bottle by trying to stand up." "You tugged me." "I am trying to help here. Also…" Legolas mused, fixing Aragorn with an intense look, "if you should happen to get ink all over yourself, I will have the perfect reason to draw a nice warm bath for you. A bath you would obviously have to take naked… and then I just might like to join you…" "I see… " "Mhm…" The Elf continued. "And then of course, I can never really trust you to wash properly by yourself, so I will have to check that every part of your body is as clean as I like it to be." "As you like it?" Aragorn smiled, raising his eyebrows. "What about how I like to be?" "Oh, Aragorn…" Legolas left his place in front of the desk, circled it and stepped up close to the Man. "I know exactly how you like it." Without further notice, he swiftly dove forward and placed a kiss behind one of Aragorn's ears. "As I suspected: mud," his muffled voice came from among the dark locks. Aragorn pulled him closer and let his left hand trail down the elven back, towards the slim waist where he yanked gently on the belt he found there. Legolas responded by continuing to caress Aragorn's throat, kissing and tracing circles with his tongue. When Aragorn was ready he abruptly pulled away from his lover and before Legolas even had time to look disappointed, Aragorn raised his right hand and with his index finger, drew a long dark line of ink on the fair skin of Legolas' cheek. The Elf jumped high. "Aragorn!" he cried out, violently rubbing his skin, smearing the ink all over his face. The Man erupted with laughter, much to Legolas' extreme annoyance. "This is pure evil!" Legolas continued. "You just wait…" Still laughing, Aragorn watched him, unsuccessfully trying to get rid of the dark splotches. "The infamous vengeance?" Aragorn panted between breaths. "Oh, there will be vengeance!" Legolas warned him. "Be careful where you tread, Aragorn son of Arathorn!" When Aragorn had finally collected himself enough to breathe properly, he cast an indifferent look at the mess they had made. "I will get someone else to clean this up," he said. "My father can wait for my written accounts another day. Besides, if you are not too angry with me, I would like that bath." Legolas regarded him warily. "You will not try to dye my hair as well?" Aragorn shook his head, "I like you blond. It is a beautiful colour, as you are very well aware." "Good," the Elf said once more. "You know Boromir's hair is much darker?" "I do not care for Boromir." "Even better. Then all I have to make sure of is that Boromir does not have inappropriate thoughts about you." "And," Aragorn placed a kiss on his lips, "how will you do that?" "We will see," answered Legolas before he kissed back. "We will see. It might just include you and a pair of leather breeches." TBC meleth nín – my love