your hand for the first time. "Estel..." Your name flows from my lips and lingers in the air. Tensing, I know I need you to do it again, to urge that pounding to grow. "Again..." So a second time you let your fingers caress me and then you dive deeper, exploring all the intimate and sensitive spots between my legs. Blood is rushing forth in my veins, searching for a way to manifest its energy. I push against you once more, and my own moan rings in my ears as you brush over my orifice. The welcome pounding in my body extends outwards and heat is spreading through me before it spins around and rushes straight to my groin. Suddenly your hand is encircling my length again and you are spreading some wetness over it. I can feel your thumb running over the tip of my member and dizzy as I am, I cannot truly believe that what I am hearing are my own sounds of pleasure. With my mind swirling I think I would rather take them back but then your hips flex and your arousal lies pressed against my side. There is some wetness on my thigh also and my hand blindly seeks out your shoulder or upper arm, or whatever it can find. You desperately push against me and I urge you to move as your hand loses all rhythm and strokes me erratically. I am so close to calling this pain and not pleasure but then all desperation is gone and brutally replaced by an explosion of release. White-hot, sparkling release that erases all throbbing and aching need. My body is willingly accepting your thrusts against it, and as I empty myself all over your hand and tears fill my eyes, we cling to each other. You reach completion not long after me. Your groan turns into a sob and you shake violently, burying your face in my hair. I try to wrap my arms around you but one of my arms is trapped between us and I can only provide a part of the comfort I would wish to give you. Nevertheless, I hold you as we finally let go. o.O.o Little by little the world settles down around us. The fire is crackling lazily and the night is silent. Your skin cools quickly and I alone cannot keep you warm no matter how much I would wish for that talent. "Estel?" I run my fingers down your upper arm and then I gently push aside some of your hair from your face. "Meleth?" You seem reluctant to move but eventually you raise your head and blink in the soft, flickering light of the flames. I see many emotions rush across your face before your cheeks colour visibly. "Did I do alright?" I smile at your mussed-up appearance but much more at what you accomplished. "Yes," I say and I get the impression that your room curiously soaks up my answer at once. "Did you not notice?" You drop your gaze and smile self-consciously. "We have my brothers to thank for it..." "Your brothers?" I try to catch your eye but you seem intent on studying my shoulder. "They came to see me earlier," you say, clearly uncomfortable. "They said they saw you with Elrond and so they came to speak with me..." I give up any attempts to make you look at me and instead I reach for the covers and with some force manage to pull them over us. You gratefully mould against me but still you refuse to meet my puzzled gaze. "They gave me some... advice," you finally admit. "As a token of peace I think. They said that if I were intent on doing this, they owed it to you to make it good." I am first stunned, I confess, but while your blush deepens I cannot help the smile that overpowers me. I will say nothing that you might not want to hear, though, and instead I press a kiss into your hair. "I am very grateful you listened to them," I whisper, needing to focus only on the two of us. And how I need you! How much I need to feel your presence, your skin against my own, and the touch of your lips against mine. I wish to see you always, hear your voice, hold you close, know you and love you. The Valar have blessed me with you and I am eternally grateful. "I will come and see you in the North," I say now as the heat leaves your cheeks and you dare to look into my eyes. "You will go to Mirkwood first..." I will. I will see my home and my father, and I will leave you behind. "What happens then?" Your question comes from your lips in the form of a breath, barely audible. I lie quiet for some time, feeling the pull of the tides and knowing it will not be easy. You know this too and I cannot pretend otherwise. But I know also that there must be love and beauty in Arda too. Journeying home is but a part of it all. Much needs to be told, but not all of it and not all at once. And seemingly for no reason at all, I smile. "Then, my love, we shall conquer the world." It takes a while but when you grin, I know I am right. The End Translations: Gerich veleth nín – you have my love meleth – love Manwë – is the greatest of the Valar and the King of Arda. Elbereth – Varda,The Queen of the Stars and spouse of Manwë the King of Arda, great among the Queens of the Valar. The Eldar called her Elbereth as she set the stars in the sky. ( Êl – star; in this series also the name of Legolas' horse.) Anor – the Sun Ithil – the Moon Eä – the Universe Arda – the World