was caught was fairly close to the ground and Hildifons found that he could just reach the leaves if he balanced on tiptoe. Gently pulling at them, he brought the branch within reach and pulled down on it. When enough of the branch was close to the floor, Hildifons anchored it under one of his feet and reached for the handle of the umbrella. However, just as he managed to get a grasp on it, the branch slipped out from under his, admittedly rather slimy, foot and the branch sprang upwards taking both the umbrella and Hildifons with it. Hildifons now found himself dangling, rather precariously, several feet off of the ground. This was no position for a respectable physician and, despite the potential danger, Hildifons was rather glad that no one was around to witness it. Sadly, this very small silver lining was abruptly ripped from his grasp as he heard a voice calling to him from below. "Hoy, Dr Brownlock! What be the problem?" The voice belonged to a rather damp Ham Gamgee. Really, thought Hildifons, did no one in this benighted place have the sense to stay indoors in bad weather instead of roaming around and asking stupid questions? Still, stupid question or no, he supposed he had to answer it. "As you can undoubtedly see for yourself, Mr Gamgee, I am presently caught in this tree." "Hmm, " said Ham, "I may not be a learned fellow like yourself, but that don't seem like a good idea to me." "I am not up here by choice," snapped Hildifons, "I was trying to retrieve this umbrella." "Ah," said Ham, thoughtfully, "It's a fine umbrella, 'tis true. Mr Bilbo has one just like it if I recollect." Hildifons ground his teeth in frustration. "Whilst it is hardly the point, this is indeed Mr Baggins' umbrella. Young Master Frodo lent it to me earlier when I was caught in the rain." "He be a thoughtful young hobbit that one," said Ham, "'tis a pity he's not here now...a young 'un like that could shin up that tree in no time and help you down." "Can't you do that?" asked Hildifons, impatiently. "Nay," replied Ham, without a glimmer of contrition, "these old bones would never make it. 'Sides I be far too heavy for that there branch what with you dangling from it already, we'd both come a tumbling down if I did try." "I left Frodo sheltering under a tree back up the path, " said Hildifons, "with the rain easing up I would hazard that he is not far behind me. Perhaps you could go and find him?" "Aye, " said Ham and, touching his forelock briefly, turned and ambled up the path. Frodo must indeed have left the shelter of the tree, for it was only a few minutes later that Hildifons sighted the pair of them returning. Ham must have explained the situation to Frodo as they walked, as Frodo wasted no time in shucking his coat and climbing up the tree. Reaching the branch from which Hildifons dangled, he slowly inched out towards him. However, the branch proved to be insufficiently sturdy even to take Frodo's additional weight. With a sharp snap, the branch broke sending Hildifons, Frodo and the umbrella plummeting towards the earth. Hildifons hit the ground on his back, the umbrella skittering out of his grasp. The next second, Frodo landed atop of him forcing what breath was still left right out of his body. Had he been able, Hildifons would undoubtedly have screamed, such was the pain in his chest. Frodo rolled quickly off, calling: "Dr Brownlock, Dr Brownlock, are you all right?" but Hildifons could not answer. Ham Gamgee bent over Hildifons and ran his hands down his chest. "Don't feel like nothing's broken, Dr Brownlock," he said cheerfully. Turning to Frodo he said, "you take one arm and I'll take the other. We'd better get him back to the village so I can send one of the lads to fetch Dora to have a look at him." The journey home was slow and painful, but no more so than the healing process which was made more uncomfortable by Dora Stripper's insistence that Hildifons' ribs be bound tightly with bandages soaked in vinegar and that he be dosed regularly with cream tartar whey to keep his bowels open. In the meantime, Dora took over all of his patients and he was forever being tormented by tales of her miraculous cures from the older Gamgee children who were taking turns in keeping an eye on him. Even worse, one day when Frodo popped in to see him he found out that Bilbo was very pleased with the way she had cured his eye strain by recommending that he bathe them each day with cold tea. This was the last straw for Hildifons who, as soon as he was able, packed his bags and headed back to Buckland. The locals, it has to be said, were not particularly sad to see him go though they did use his departure to raise a glass or two in the Green Dragon. "So Bilbo," said Griffo Boffin, "will you be looking for someone to take Dr Brownlock's place?" "I don't think so," said Bilbo, "Dora Stripper coped perfectly well before he arrived." "Well," said Sandyman the Miller, "if truth be told, she looked after most people while he was here. I tried to get him to take a look at my Ted's warts but he weren't interested. Dora got 'em sorted straight off, she just tied red cotton thread around the warts, then hung it from the hinge of a door and a few days later them warts were gone." "I'm not surprised, "muttered Ham Gamgee under his breath, "not even a wart would want to stick around a Sandyman." "Speaking of Dora," said Bilbo, "I really must get her over to have a look at Frodo. He's been looking a bit peaky of late..."