dirty hair. Legolas closed his eyes and burrowed into the warmth of his friend. "Ú-moe edhored, Elessar" Legolas replied in his own tongue. Aragorn smiled in relief as he addressed the elf again. "And no more of this Elessar business. My name is Aragorn…or if you must: Estel." Legolas managed a weak chuckle that turned into a gasp of pain. Aragorn started in surprise before laying Legolas carefully on the floor. He quickly checked the worst of Legolas's wounds and bound the bleeding dagger wounds. Aragorn felt his rage burn even more as he studied the collar about Legolas's neck. "What is this?" he demanded in a fierce growl. Legolas winced. "It is a collar Aragorn," he replied teasingly. Aragorn smiled grateful that Legolas could still joke. "I realize that elf, but what is it doing around your neck?" Legolas shuddered as he answered. "It was M-mae- HIS way of attempting to show me that he owns me. That insignia on it is his mark." Aragorn growled low in his throat before studying the lock. "I will remove this when we return home mellon nin, but I fear I cannot do anything about it right now," Aragorn said regretfully. Legolas shrugged. "I've had it on for two weeks. What's a few more days?" Legolas responded nonchalantly. Aragorn studied the elf in regret after that comment. Normally, Legolas would whine about it until they finally pulled him free of it. The fact that Legolas was allowing it to stay on without a fuss showed that he had indeed had some of his spirit broken. The human was pulled from his thoughts however when Legolas began to shudder from the cold floor. "Cold?" Aragorn asked quietly. Legolas nodded. "Been that way for awhile too," Legolas replied quietly before Aragorn gathered the now shivering elf into his arms again. "Better," Legolas replied before Aragorn could ask. The fact that Legolas had been cold for awhile was a big deal to Aragorn for elves were not very susceptible to the cold. That combined with the dimmed glow that Legolas gave off, worried the human greatly. Legolas caught the look on the human's face and smiled softly. "Mother hen," he teased chuckling to himself before tensing in pain again. The human laughed and lay his head on top of the elf's after planting a brotherly kiss to the crown. Legolas smiled again. "Hang in there mellon nin, we are just waiting for clearance," Aragorn murmured. Since Aragorn was now the king, he was no longer allowed to be at the center of the fights if it was not necessary. He would have been made to stay at home, but Aragorn would not stay behind when Legolas's life was at stake. Legolas merely sighed in reply and tensed in the human's arms. Aragorn shifted Legolas to be more comfortable and felt his blood boil. He was just glad that it was he who had found that miserable wretch Maethas on his way down towards Legolas. It had given him great pleasure to end the life of the one who caused so much suffering to the elf. After many minutes, Legolas finally heard steps approaching. The elf only tensed slightly but did not open his eyes. He trusted Aragorn with his life and knew the human would alert him if there was something amiss, or if an enemy approached. Legolas felt Aragorn turn to see who approached. "You found him!" A new voice exclaimed in relief, "Thank the heavens!" Legolas cracked open a swollen, red rimmed eye and smiled. "Hello Faramir, it is good to see you," Legolas croaked. "And you, your highness. We have missed you greatly at our meetings," Faramir returned jokingly, "there is much more yelling without you." Legolas tensed when he was addressed as your highness. The name alone sent him back in his memories to all of the sessions of torture with Maethas. He repressed a violent shudder as he thought back. Shaking himself from his thoughts he looked to Aragorn who was glancing at him in concern. "Can we go now?" Legolas murmured burrowing back into Aragorn's warm clothing, "I am no fan of the dark, and I am in desperate need of a bath." The jest was not lost on the humans. Aragorn snorted in a most un-kingly way and Faramir chuckled. "Prissy elf," Aragorn muttered affectionately. "Filthy human," Legolas returned the familiar banter with a yawn. Aragorn smiled and pulled the elf in closer as he gained his feet. Legolas opened his eyes. "I am sure I can walk on my own Aragorn if you would help me," Legolas protested. Aragorn snorted again. "Oh I have no doubt mellon nin," Aragorn responded sarcastically, rolling his eyes "but you will forgive me for being overly cautious so that you don't bleed to death before we leave here." Faramir laughed at the look on the prince's face when he didn't get his way. "You look like a spoiled child your highness. What would your father say?" Both comments from Faramir sent Legolas back to the wall where he had been chained and he grew very tense in Aragorn's arms as he tried to will the memories away. Aragorn noticed Legolas flinch. "Faramir," he chastised casually, "what's with the formality? I just lectured Legolas on it not thirty minutes ago and here you are showing complete disregard for it! Besides. This is Legolas. You know he hates being judged by his status." Faramir caught on swiftly. "Oh! Of course. Forgive me Legolas!" Faramir replied. Legolas, however did not reply as he had finally given into the first peaceful sleep he had been allowed in over two weeks. Aragorn frowned as he thought about Legolas's reaction to his title. There were clearly going to be lasting scars from this encounter in both his treatment while a captive, and his faith in his friendship with Aragorn. They would have to talk about them soon…but for now, Aragorn was content to allow Legolas to sleep.