them into will-less slaves." Quirking an eyebrow, Legolas leaned closer towards the human, "The same could be said of the Dunedain, it seems." And then he kissed Aragorn, sweet and tender, but with a definitively smug twist. Leaning back, both of them gazed at the sky for a moment, before Legolas continued their conversation, "You know, if your duties with the rangers allow it, you could come with me to Mirkwood when I return home." Aragorn's head turned into his direction so quickly that Legolas thought to hear the man's spine crack. "Do you mean that?" "Of course." Smiling, Legolas let his hand caress down the young ranger's cheek, "I cannot stay here forever, but I shall terribly miss you when I leave." His voice turned softer and his eyes showed his deep feelings, "I have waited for you for so long, melethron. I cannot let you leave my life so soon again." Smiling at Legolas, Aragorn shook his head slowly, "Now, and we can't have that now, can we? You know what? When nothing serious comes up ere you leave, I will accompany you to Mirkwood." Beaming, Legolas gave a small whoop of joy, before he winked at the young ranger. "Does that mean you are no longer afraid of the orcs, wargs, wolves and spiders?" "Afraid? Me?" Aragorn crossed his arms behind his head, trying to suppress his grin. "I am never afraid, and besides, you will be there to have a look at me." Legolas only nodded, vowing silently that indeed, he would be there to protect Aragorn should something happen. After the happenings with Lithdal, the urge to protect the young man had become even stronger, and although he knew that Aragorn was old enough to look after himself, Legolas could not change his feelings. Arda was not as safe as it once had been, and the fact that someone who Legolas had known for hundreds of years had nearly killed Aragorn had shaken the elf, too. As if Aragorn had felt his dark thoughts, a honey hued hand reached out and grasped Legolas's hand, entwining their fingers. Aragorn said nothing, having closed his eyes, but Legolas was very grateful for the contact. Sighing, the elf snuggled closer to the young ranger, trying to enjoy the sun and the warmth of summer. After but a few long moment, he had chased away his gloomy thoughts, imagining much nicer things instead. ••••• That night, when Aragorn and Legolas lay side by side in bed and the slightly cooler nightly breeze brushed over their naked bodies, they discussed their plans for the coming days. Up until now they had simply enjoyed the summer and the sun, but they both felt that it was getting boring to only swim and play and do nothing. They were beings of action, after all, and lazing around was nothing they could enjoy for too long a time. "We could go on a hunt." Aragorn suggested, lying spread eagled on the bed. Even the cooler temperatures at night were still high enough to make him sweat. "All the game has left the woods to find food further to the North, where it is cooler." Legolas said, tracing little circles onto Aragorn's chest with his finger. Thinking for a moment, the young ranger absently smiled at the sensation of the elf's finger on his skin. "What about an excursion to the caves to the East? I have heard that they are cool in summer, with white bats living in their depths." "White bats?" Legolas quirked a skeptical eyebrow. "There are no things such as white bats, Estel. Surely your brothers told you so?" "Actually," Aragorn raised his finger to emphasize his point, "it was Glorfindel who told me this." "Really?" If Legolas had ever sounded more skeptical, than surely not now. He had never heard of white bats, and he lived in Mirkwood after all, where all eerie creatures seemed to have made their homes. On the other hand, Lord Glorfindel was no elf who was prone to jokes or pranks. "Really." The young ranger agreed, bobbing his head. "And before you ask, I checked it in some of the books in my father's library. There are some, admittedly rather old, sightings of white bats reported in them. But I think, no one has been searching for them in the last three yeni or so." "I wonder why not." Legolas said, stopping his ministrations on Aragorn's chest and wrapping his arm around the man's chest instead. "White bats….interesting." Grinning, Aragorn placed his own arm above Legolas's and turned his head to lock his eyes with his friend's. "Why don't we find out if they really exist? It would surely be better than doing nothing all the day and the caves are not that far. If we leave at morn tomorrow we could reach them at nightfall." "Aye, why not?" Giving Aragorn a sweet kiss, Legolas snuggled closer to the man, "Let's go bat hunting." "And you have no problems with entering a cave?" Ever perceptive, Aragorn knew how much Legolas disliked caves of any sort, although the elf had never told him why exactly. True, the Eldar were not fond of caves as a general rule, but Legolas in particular seemed to be very uncomfortable in them. To Aragorn's surprise, Legolas laughed softly, "Nay, Estel, I have no problems with that. After all, I actually live in a cave, just for the case you have forgotten." He was silent for a second, but then added quickly, "But never tell anybody that I said that. The twins would never let me live it down." Laughing too, Aragorn turned to lie on his side, facing the window. "No, I will not, I promise. Tomorrow we will go bat hunting then." "Aye, tomorrow at dawn." Legolas mumbled, before he pressed himself against Aragorn's back like he always did at night, with his arm draped across the young ranger's middle. "Goodnight, melethron." "Sweet dreams, Legolas." To be continued