Thranduilion! Welcome home!" One of them said and bowed deeply, while the others bowed their heads. Legolas stopped his horse and nodded his head in greeting, "Well met, Guard. It is good to breathe the air of my homeland again." Stepping forwards to stand beside Legolas's horse, the guard pointed towards the trees above and behind them, "My watchers saw you enter the forest and a runner told me of your arrival. We have food and drink prepared if you and your company wish to refreshen yourself before continuing on." 'Watchers and runners?' Aragorn thought confused. He had neither seen nor heard anyone since they had crossed the Anduin. How was it possible that they had been shadowed by elves all the time and he had not sensed them? Indeed, he had much to learn about Mirkwood-elves yet. "We have been on the road for weeks, coming straight from Imladris and over the Misty Mountains." Legolas said, glancing at his companions. "Though I would love to refreshen myself, I think it would be better if we continue on towards my father's Palace. We had a run in with a group of orcs in a forest close to the Mountains, and as you can see we did not escape unscathed." Aragorn saw the guard shift his eyes from Legolas to his own bandaged arm, then to his face, where Aragorn knew that the bruises were still clearly visible. He shifted uncomfortably under the close scrutiny, but said nothing. He did not know why, but he felt as if it was not his place to say something to this guard. "My Prince, have you been hurt?" There was concern and anger in the voice of the guard. "Merely a scratch and it is healing." Legolas answered, and Aragorn frowned. Being hit by an orc arrow, fallen from a horse and chased through a dark forest did not fall under his definition of 'scratch'. Despite his feeling that it was not his place to say something, his sense of protectiveness of Legolas reared its head. He took a breath to say something, but Legolas tightened his grip around his waist for just a moment, and then spoke smoothly, "My companion has been hurt more seriously. I would feel better if my father's healers would take a look at both our injuries soon, just to make sure." The guard gave Legolas another look, but then nodded his head, "Then I will send another runner to the Palace to announce your arrival, your Highness. But tell me, have the orcs followed you? Is there a need to guard our borders more closely?" Legolas nodded his head, "The orcs that attacked us are all slain. But I am concerned still, for it was a large group and they were vicious. I will speak with the King about the matter and I would like to send a group of warriors to scout the area. If any groups of travelers pass here to cross the Misty Mountains, they should be warned to not enter the woods at the banks of the Anduin." Again, the guard nodded, "I will spread the word, my Prince." "Thank you." Legolas said, and after a few words of farewell, the group of Imladris continued on their way towards the King's Halls. Wherever they went, the elves greeted the company of rider and especially Legolas. Aragorn got the impression that Legolas was very beloved by his people, and he had to smile at the thought. Legolas had never told him that his people cherished him so much. On their way through the forest, Aragorn saw not only houses and huts, but a water-mill, a bakery , a small forgery, something that resembled a marketplace, wagons and tiny gardens where the elves grew vegetables. Dozens of paths led hither and yonder, and Aragorn heard the elves sing while working and smile at their Prince when he passed. Mirkwood was truly very different from what Aragorn had imagined it to be. But although he saw many wondrous things, he also saw that all elves were armed in one way or another. While many elves carried bows and long knives, others carried spears or swords. The ellyn, too, were armed. When the sun neared the horizon, the forest became increasingly darker. The light that had filtered through the boughs of the trees like bolts of lightning grew sparse, and also the dwellings of the elves became less frequent. Soon, they were riding through an almost silent forest, with nothing but the broad river rushing to their left. And then, around another bend in the path, a huge stone bridge suddenly appeared before them. It was made of white stone, with mighty pillars that reached deep into the river. The banks on either side of the river were grassy and filled with weeds, while the mighty beech trees grew so dense here that some of them even grew in the water. And on the other side of the bridge, a huge, colossal rock formation rose into the sky. The white beeches grew to either side of the path and their branches created an archway that closed high above their heads. Torches and lights could be seen in the distance, illuminating a mighty stone gate on the rock's surface. Slowly, the group of riders made their way over the bridge and towards the gate. In the last light of the day, Aragorn saw that the gate was higher than three men were tall. Silver and metal adorned its surface in intricate patterns, and heavily armed guards stood to either side of it. They nodded in greeting to Legolas, their Prince, and let them pass without a word. As soon as the last rider had crossed the threshold, the mighty doors swung close with a clang. They had entered the Halls of the King of Mirkwood. To be continued. A/N: The descriptions of Mirkwood are taken from the hints we get in The Hobbit. The rest is my own imagination.