and blew them loudly to signal my arrival. My maids backed away, the music stopped, and everyone turned and looked at me. I felt myself blush. I'm not particularly used to an entire crowd looking at me. It was then that I heard my father speak in his signature booming voice, "Ladies and gentleman of Lore, my youngest daughter whose birthday we are celebrating, Princess Aminta! Let us eat, drink, and make merry!" The crowd cheered and I smiled. Father always knew what to do to lighten a situation. I then walked down the stairs, the sound of my slippers touching the stone echoing throughout the hall, and made my way to my father, who looked as proud and full of standing as ever. He bowed and I curtsied, the music began, and soon Father and I were leading the first dance of the evening. It became a joyous celebration. Junia played a beautiful song she composed herself on her harp, and Georgia and I delighted in showing off our slippers whenever we kicked out our feet when dancing. Nephele and I even convinced Bryn, who usually sits through most balls, to join in the fun. But it wasn't until I finished dancing a jig with my other brothers that Letitia caught my attention. She stood by one of the tables and looked slightly nervous as she waved her hand in a silent gesture, urging me to come over. I excused myself from the other guests and made my way to be by my sister. "What is it?" I asked. "Father is alone over there," Letitia said as she pointed to him across the hall. He was standing beside his throne, smiling as he was overseeing the success of the ball. "Now is your chance to speak to him!" I frowned at remembering my talk with Letitia, and could feel the frustration that came with it. "Sister, it's my birthday," I said, "Must we concern ourselves with what could be little more than petty political talk?" "Yes," Letitia replied, a slight hint of sarcasm in her voice, "Now go, you promised me." Fearing she would resort to pushing me, I (reluctantly) submitted to her will. "Very well, but you're coming with me," I said, deciding that she should have a taste of my frustration. But she gladly went with me as we waded through the sea of guests before we found ourselves standing alone before our father. I smiled. When I saw out of the corner of my eyes that my sister wasn't doing the same, I nudged her slightly with my elbow, and immediately she did the same. We then curtsied. "Father," I said, "if it is not an issue, could we please speak to you alone for a moment?" Father raised his eyebrows, but he didn't look displeased. "Of course my daughters; come, tell me what ails you." He then got down from the steps leading to his throne and invited us to one of the corridors. "Well Father, we…" Letitia began, but she was interrupted when two men I recognized as two of Father's advisors hastily came over and addressed him, acting almost as though we were invisible. "Forgive us Majesty," one of them said, "it is urgent that we speak to you now. We have just discovered new information about…" "Enough of this!" Father suddenly shouted. Letitia and I became genuinely alarmed. Father almost never raised his voice in front of me or my siblings, so this meant that he wasn't merely upset. "I have come here to enjoy an evening of celebration," he continued, "And you rudely interrupted my daughters. If I must meet with you tomorrow, I will. But for now I intend to enjoy myself, am I clear?" The men slowly took in Father's slight outburst, but then they nodded and bowed. "Of course your Majesty," one said, "Please excuse us, Sire." They then left, slower than they had come, and Father turned back toward us, the smile now back on his face. "Now then," he said, "what were you two saying?" Letitia and I looked at each other, frowning. Our eyes silently communicated with each other, neither of us knowing what to do. What sort of information was so important that Father's advisors had to interrupt us? And if Father got angry with them, what would he do if he discovered our suspicions? It wasn't worth it. I shook my head slightly at my sister, and she nodded. We turned back toward Father, and curtsied once more. "Please forgive us Father, let us get back to the ball," I said. I then turned around and went back to where we were before, my sister following, and Father didn't stop us as I feared. I immediately put my hand to my forehead in weariness once we were back at the table. "I'm sorry Letitia," I said, "I didn't know what else to do." "Think nothing of it Aminta," she said, "I would have done the same thing." She then put her hand on my shoulder and smiled at me in assurance. "Don't worry about it; we can get back to this tomorrow." I couldn't help but smile in return. "Thank you Letitia." Soon, we were invited to join another dance. And while I did enjoy the rest of the evening, the shadow of concern held its grip, refusing to let go. Before the hour grew too late, the guests began to leave after expressing final wishes of joy and good fortune. And after the last guests left, we were all persuaded by Mother to take to our beds. I changed into my nightgown, rinsed the paint of my face – without the help of my maids – and slipped into my warm, comfortable, familiar bed. But it wasn't until long after midnight that I finally fell into an uneasy slumber, after forcing myself to blow out the candle sitting on my bedside and let go of my unsettling thoughts. Reviews would be appreciated.