and into his skin, and for a moment he felt wonderfully warm inside. That was, until the heat concentrated someplace under his belly button and he felt something rise inside of him that was surely inappropriate right now. He swallowed. "Legolas? You can tell me everything, you know that, don't you?" Aragorn's voice was so soft that Legolas knew that the words were meant for his ears only. And before he knew what he was doing, he answered softly. "What is it that fascinates you so about our companions, Estel? What can they give you that I cannot?" Aragorn blinked and Legolas knew that whatever the young ranger had anticipated, this was not it. After a few seconds, Aragorn withdrew his hand from his leg, clasping them in his lap instead. "Legolas, I did not mean to single you out in any way." Aragorn said, looking a bit guilty. "They are my friends, for I have known most of them since I came to Imladris. I enjoy the time with them." Legolas felt his jealousy diminish slightly at those words, but he asked nevertheless. "You ask them about Mirkwood. How it is like to be there, what creatures live in the dark wood and which paths are the most dangerous." Legolas felt a pout rise and he cursed his own weakness when he heard the sulking undertone in his voice, "Why are you asking them and not me? I am the Crown prince of Mirkwood, after all! I have lived all my life in those woods." If Legolas had imagined Aragorn to sigh and acknowledge the mistake he had made by asking Lord Elrond's warriors and not him, he was mistaken. Instead of apologizing, the man smiled at him. "But Legolas, that is exactly the reason I'm asking them and not you." "Huh?" Legolas looked at him, baffled. "Legolas, as you just said, you lived all your life in Mirkwood. You have fought the black squirrels and the mighty spiders, the orcs and wargs and wolves. You probably know those woods as well as the back of your hand." Not seeing where this was leading, Legolas nodded. "Aye, of course I do." "See?" Aragorn looked at him as if the answer to this riddle was plainly obvious. "I asked the other elves, because they tell me all the things you would tell me about the dangers of Mirkwood, but objectively." Frowning, Legolas wanted to say something, but Aragorn shushed him and continued. "Legolas, I have never been to Mirkwood before and I need to know everything there is to know, so that I can look after myself. I need to know what dangers await me, so that I can protect myself and others, if necessary." Having the feeling that Aragorn was implying that he, Legolas, would not tell him of the dangers, that he would not tell the man the things he needed to know to survive in Mirkwood, Legolas protested, "Do you not think I would tell you those things, too?" "Of course you would, Legolas." Aragorn still smiled. "But Mirkwood is your home, your father's Kingdom. Would you really tell me about the squirrels and orcs and other monsters quite partially?" Aragorn raised an eyebrow questioningly. "Legolas, you told me that the black squirrels are ' not that bad '. Mirkwood is your home and it is only natural that you would want it to be less dangerous and more homely. But I need to know the entire story, Legolas." Aragorn placed his hand on Legolas's leg once more. "I just need to know, Legolas. For my and your safety, too." His eyes looked at Legolas, and the elf saw the feelings swirl in them. Legolas asked himself whether he had really told Aragorn that the huge black squirrels were not that bad . He came to the conclusion that he probably had, and so he thought back to those times that he and Aragorn had spoken about Mirkwood. Could it be true that Legolas had made Mirkwood better than it was? Well….maybe…. With another sigh and a grimace, Legolas hang his head. "Alright, Estel, maybe you are right." Grinning, Aragorn patted his leg, "Of course I am, Legolas." There was definitely a teasing undertone in the human's voice, and Legolas looked at him. Aragorn was grinning at him like a young boy, and Legolas shook his head. The hand on his thigh really felt good… But before Legolas could do anything, Aragorn withdrew his hand. Legolas saw that Aragorn threw a quick look at the other elves, as if he wanted to make sure that none of them had seen him touch Legolas. Something dark seemed to race across Aragorn's face, for just a second, and Legolas was not sure whether he had really seen it. And when Aragorn stretched his long legs and placed another log on the fire, one of the elves lifted his head and called, "Estel, come play with us!" Aragorn smiled at the elf and then turned to Legolas, "Do you want to play, too? It really is a simple enough game." "No, you go and have fun, Estel." Legolas waved his hand through the air dismissively. "I am content." Aragorn looked at him for another moment, but then the other elf called to him again, and Aragorn climbed to his feet. But before he joined the Imladris elves in their game, he asked Legolas, "Are you really alright, Legolas?" "Aye, I am fine, melethron." Legolas said very softly, so that only Aragorn would hear. And after another quick look, Aragorn nodded and made his way over to the other elves, where he joined them in their game. Legolas watched him play and interact with the warriors so easily as if he was not a human, but an elf, and again he felt that sense of protectiveness that always filled him when Aragorn was near. Aye, Legolas mused, he was alright now. But he had much to think about. To be continued