as Aragorn realized this. He shook his head as he thought about it, about how easy it could have been. Had he only been strong enough to allow this step before he had returned to the rangers. His eyes became vacant as he thought about the pain it must have caused Legolas to return to Mirkwood without this last step being taken. How much hurt could have been prevented. Suddenly unsure of his status in Legolas's regard, Aragorn looked down at the ground. "Estel?" Legolas's voice ripped him out of his musings. Looking up, he saw that the elf glanced at him with a frown. "Are you well, melethron?" The elf asked, for he had obviously seen something in Aragorn's eyes that worried him. Aragorn pushed away from the cupboard and slid onto the bench beside Legolas. He took Legolas's face in his hands and kissed him very, very gently. Legolas returned the kiss, sneaking his arms around Aragorn's slender waist. "Aye" Aragorn said, "I'm well now." Gazing into Aragorn's grey eyes, Legolas felt his heart mend in all aspects. While the morning progressed, Legolas related how he had not been able to stay in Mirkwood, that the twins had accompanied him here ere they had ridden to the Grey Havens, and how he had waited for Aragorn to return to the village. Aragorn listened intently, relishing in Legolas's sweet voice, while he unpacked his packs, mended his clothing and sharpened his blades. There was always so much to do after a long stay away from civilization… "Oh, and before I forget," Legolas said, leaning back against the wall in his back, "young Halbarad invited us to a hunt tomorrow. He said the larders are nearly empty." "Halbarad is two years older than me." Aragorn replied, pouting just a bit. "If you call him ' young ', then what am I?" Legolas looked at him fondly, "You are perfect, Estel. But see, all Edain are young in my eyes." Aragorn merely shook his head and rolled his eyes, used to these kind of remarks from his brothers. Instead, he thought about the hunt. "A hunt sounds good." He finally replied, "It has been what- almost half a day? – since I was out in the cold. I cannot wait!" He grinned at Legolas and the elf snorted at his sarcasm. "Well, the hunt will keep you warm, Estel." He sallied back, his eyes shoving a loving glow, before they dulled somewhat, "And stocking up the larders is a good idea, I think. You need fattening up." Aragorn growled but did not contradict Legolas's words. He had lost weight during the winter, not as much as during his time in Mirkwood, but enough to make his breeches hang baggy at his waist. But still, even the mere thought of going out into the cold again made him shiver involuntarily. He hoped the winter would not last much longer. That afternoon, Aragorn spoke with his cousin Halbarad about the things that had happened in his absence, as well as the upcoming hunt. While Aragorn was the Chieftain of the Dunedain of the North, Halbarad's father Halgel ruled and guided the rangers most of the time. Halgel was the younger brother of Aragorn's late father Arathorn, and had led the rangers since his untimely death. While this responsibility theoretically now rested on Aragorn's shoulders, Halgel practically led the rangers until Aragorn had learned enough to make well considered, just decisions. But that did not mean that his opinion was worth nothing, for his uncle tried to ask his opinion on any and all things, slowly preparing him for the daunting task of being the true and only Chieftain of the Dunedain. Over a cup of tea, Halbarad nudged his arm and gave him a glowing look, "Is he really a prince?" He asked excitedly, and Aragorn knew of whom he was speaking without having to ask. He nodded his head, "Aye, he is. His father is King Thranduil of Mirkwood, and Legolas is his only son. He is the crown prince and will – mayhap – one day rule the Kingdom." "Amazing." Halbarad said, shaking his head. "I have never met a true Prince before." And in his voice swung so much adoration, that Aragorn could not even be angry with him. For, after all, was he not to be King? To Aragorn's immense relief, no one commented on the sleeping arrangements or suggested that Legolas, now that Aragorn had returned, moved into a guest quarter. In these times of snow and ice, it was normal that family members or close friends slept in one and the same room, more often than not even in the same bed. And seeing that male-male relationships were uncommon among the Dunedain, no one suspected anything untoward. Not that either Aragorn nor Legolas would have been bothered by it, but why cause disaccord among the Dunedain when there was no need to? Also, Aragorn distributed the letters he had brought from the rangers who were not as lucky as he and had to stay behind in the camp near Tharbad. They had written to their families, wives and children, wishing them well and promising to come home soon. The rangers would be relieved before summer, and therefore their promises to return soonest were taken by heart. When Aragorn lay in bed that night, snuggled up to Legolas, with his head resting on the elf's shoulder, he could not keep the smile away from his face. Everything had turned out better than he could have wished for. He had returned to The Angle safe and sound, Legolas was here with him, and they had both overcome the chasm that had opened up between them, and were as close as they had been before. Everything was well. So well, that Aragorn forgot the pictures he had seen during his coupling with Legolas. Had he known what they meant, he would have suffered from a sleepless night. To be continued.