you don't know what I'm going on about do you?" I sniggered sarcastically. "I'm so sorry, maybe I should explain the whole thing to you instead of the other way around!" If this was Legolas' grand scheme- to drive my mother away- then he was a very good actor. The way that he stared at me completely nonplussed was excellent. If I hadn't been so annoyed at him, I would have asked the Elf to give me a couple of lessons on how he did that look. If not then I would be looking very sheepish at the end of this conversation. Understandably, I did not go with the second line of thought and carried on bluffing. "By the Valar," Legolas murmured. "I do not know what in Arda's name you are going on about." I crossed my arms and nodded. "Is that so?" Legolas turned away and mounted his horse once more. "I do not know what momentary madness overcame you Eldarion, but I hope you recover from it." With that insult he spurred his horse gently with his heels and they kicked off and rode into Minas Tirith. No doubt headed straight for my father. Muttering dark thoughts and numerous curses (a couple of elvish ones for good luck as well), I trudged back into the City knowing all too well what would await me. ~ "He did what?" Elessar repeated struggling to comprehend what had happened. "He knocked me off my horse and tried to punch me. He succeeded once," Legolas explained ruefully and rubbed his jaw. A slight bruise was started to appear on the marble skin. "I was caught unaware," the Elf hastily added, not wishing to reveal that he had been hit by a teenager. The King bowed his head as he put a cloth into a small bowl of scented water and then raising it again dabbed at Legolas' face. "Stop it," Legolas said trying to brush away the Man. His attempts not quite ineffectual though because he enjoyed the tender touch of Elessar. "Its only a bruise." "I know," the King replied and felt himself blush for some reason when he felt Legolas' eyes staring intently at him. "Legolas?" The Elf seemed to have drifted off and was just gazing into Estel's grey eyes. A soppy smiled came across his face and then at the sound of the Man's voice calling him, Legolas blushed and looked away. Elessar tilted his head as he wondered what he had done to provoke such a reaction from the normally calm and cool being. He shook his head and put the cloth back in the water. "Don't worry Legolas, I'll talk to Eldarion. Bless him, he's had it hard today, he's probably just taking it out on someone." "Why?" The Elf Prince had not heard about Arwen's departure. "Undomiel left me and traveled to Valinor," Aragorn answered softly and immediately sorrow washed over his face. Legolas squirmed guiltily in his chair when he saw the hurt look on his friend's face. He shouldn't have asked. Then the Elf bent forward and wrapped his long arms around Elessar. The King was startled by this sudden show of affection and first of all he stiffened, but then he relaxed into Legolas' hold. The Prince dropped to the floor next to him, allowing Elessar to bury his head in the silky locks. He couldn't help himself when he shuddered at the feel of Elessar's nose against his neck. Elessar felt so safe in Legolas' embrace. It was like everything else just faded away. He felt so very young compared to this beautiful, old, Elf. He smiled at the smell of Legolas' hair. Like everything else about him, it smelt of pine needles due to the Wood-elf's love for all things of nature. Regretfully he pulled away. "Thank you," he mumbled. "That's okay." Legolas' cheeks were still pinker than normal. He hoped the King wouldn't pay much attention to that. "Are you staying for the night?" "Of course, I'm not heading straight out. Is there a room I can stay in?" "Your usual one, the West Wing, fourth door on the left," Elessar said fondly. The Elf had previously, a couple of years stayed in Minas Tirith for a few weeks. The Man had set apart a room especially for him. It had a splendid view of Rohan and Legolas' keen eyesight could even see the first few tips of the trees in Mirkwood. Legolas beamed in response and then got up from the floor. "I need to tend to Arod. No offence, but your stable boy has a shifty look about you." "What the one that is cross-eyed?" Elessar chuckled. "He's harmless." "I'll check anyway." Legolas waved and left the room. Elessar groaned and laid spread eagle on the floor his heart beating quicker than normal. "What's wrong with me?" he asked. ~ Eldarion felt throbbing in his temples and moaned softly. The tears had dried on his face since his initial breakdown upon reaching his room. His mother.was gone. And it was all that poncy Elf's fault! He made his hand into a fist and imagined the pillow beneath him was Legolas face and started punching it viciously. "Why did you have to come into my life?" he shouted angrily. "Eldarion?" Elessar stood in the doorway. All signs of royalty from the crown to the rich mantle around his shoulders were gone. He had a sad expression on his face and when he saw his son it deepened. "Oh, Eldarion," he sighed and quickly hugged the Prince. Eldarion felt tears pricking in his eyes once more. "Why did he have to come and ruin everything?" he said quietly. "Who?" the King enquired pulling him away so that he could see fully his son's face. "Legolas," Eldarion spat the word out quickly, not wishing his tongue to have to dwell on the syllables for long. What do you think? Looking forward to the responses. Until later, Cassie, Anna, Melba.