star, Boromir, Merry and Pippin received sword-belts, Sam got a box of magical soil that would make plants sprout anywhere, upon Legolas she bestowed a new bow, longer than his old one, and to Emeline a new pack which could fit any number of things and still remain light enough for the girl to carry (this came to her great advantage, as she wanted to take all the clothes Avalane had brought her). Finally, she came to Gimli. "I know not what gift to bestow upon a dwarf, so I shall ask him to choose. What is it that you desire?" "I desire naught but a strand of hair from the fair Lady's head," said Gimli, bowing his head to hide his blush. "As a token of good faith between our races." Galadriel smiled. "I shall give you three," she promised. Finally, the Fellowship was ready and set to go. Avalane embraced her granddaughter for one last time. "I'll be coming back to visit," she said. "Here, take this." She thrust a small black and yellow pot into Emeline's hands. "Never-ending pot of Marmite. I know how much you love the stuff..." The girls eyes momentarily filled with tears and she threw her arms around her grandmother's neck to hide them. "I'll miss you, grandma..." "Oh, don't be silly. I'll see you soon, child. Look after yourself and don't get killed, promise?" "Promise." Avalane regarded Emeline one last time as she climbed into a boat with Legolas and Gimli. "I'm proud of you," she whispered to herself while her image dissolved as she transported back to Valkyrie. The Company had been rowing down the river for a few hours, so they moored and got out to rest. "We cross the lake at nightfall, hide the boats, and continue on foot. We approach Mordor from the north." "Oh, yes?" retorted Gimli. "Just a simple matter of finding our way through Emyn Muil? An impassable labyrinth of razor-sharp rocks? And after that, it gets even better! Festering, stinking marshlands, as far as the eye can see!" "That sounds...lovely," muttered Emeline. "That is our road," stated Aragorn. "Recover your strengths. We set out at dawn." Emeline took out some of the bread they had in their supplies and the Marmite Avalane had given her. She spread it and bit into it. "Mmm...Anyone else want Marmite on their bread?" The Hobbits and Gimli were never ones to pass up new food, and Aragorn, Boromir and Legolas were always up for learning new culture, so the Marmite was passed around. Reactions were mixed. Boromir, Merry and Frodo hated it, but the rest thought it delicious. They had a hearty meal and then settled down to sleep, Boromir and Aragorn taking the first watch. The morning did not go well. At all. Frodo left to wander around on his own after he had packed his things, and Boromir went after him for firewood. Aragorn went to look for them when it was time to leave, but he didn't return for a while. Suddenly, Legolas sat bolt upright. "Orcs!" he exclaimed, jumping to his feet. The others did the same. "Aragorn!" cried Emeline and Gimli. "Frodo!" shouted the Hobbits. "Run, Frodo!" cried Aragorn as he noticed Sting glowing blue. "Run!" Frodo did so, and fast. Aragorn turned and began to battle the Orcs single handed. He was a skilled swordsman, but it wasn't easy. Just as he felt himself being overpowered, an arrow sailed through the air and struck his assailant in the neck. He turned to his left. Legolas, Emeline and Gimli stood there, wielding their weapons. They battled for several minutes until they heard a horn not too far away. "The horn of Gondor.." muttered Legolas. "Boromir!" exclaimed Aragorn. The four of them pelted their way towards the sound. They arrived just in time for Aragorn to take out the Uruk that was about to kill Boromir, but overall they were too late. Three arrows were stuck in the man's chest "Oh...Boromir..." breathed Emeline. They had not been that close, but it was still hard to see another comrade go, especially so quickly after Gandalf. "Leave it," he heaved as Aragorn attempted to pull one of the arrows out. "They...they took the little ones...Frodo. Where is Frodo?" "I let him go." "Then you did what I could not. I tried to take the Ring from him. I have failed you all." "No, Boromir. You fought bravely. You kept your honour. I do not know what strength is in my blood. But I swear to you, I will not let the White City fall. Nor our people fail." "Our people...I would have followed you, my brother...my captain...my King." And so passed Boromir. They placed his body in one of the boats with his weapons and his horn, cloven in two, upon his chest, and sent him down the river. Emeline lowered her head and sang a blessing. "Deep peace of the running wave to you. Deep peace of the flowing air to you. Deep peace of the quiet earth to you. Deep peace of the shining stars to you. Deep peace of the gentle night to you; Moon and stars pour their beaming light on you. Deep peace of Christ, the light of the world, to you. Deep peace of Christ...to...you..." They had a minute of silence for Boromir, then turned back to camp. "Hurry!" said Legolas. "Frodo and Sam have reached the eastern shore!" Aragorn and Gimli made no move to run after them. "You...you mean not to follow them," realized the Elf. "Frodo's fate is no longer in our hands," said Aragorn, sadly. "But Merry's and Pippin's are," interjected Emeline, face set in determination. "Oh, we shall not abandon them to torment and death, sister. Not while we have strength left. Leave all that can be spared behind. Now, let's hunt some Orc!" "YES!" exclaimed Gimli, following Aragorn. Legolas and Emeline exchanged smiles, both their eyes filled with excitement. Then, they turned and ran.