world is both better and worse than my own. I don't want this world though, I want mine where things make sense. Where I have a life. Just then the woman from before enters the room and curtsies to Gandalf before turning to me. "Do you need something, Nyania?" Gandalf asks. That must be her name. She nods, turning to look at me. "Lady Elsira, there is someone who wishes to speak with you." I look to Gandalf who motions for me to go before allowing her to lead me down the hall and into another room, this one larger than the last. Inside stands a tall, broad shouldered man. He has shaggy brown hair with flecks of grey and stormy grey eyes. He has an air of strength and nobility about him, and I find myself admiring him. "Greeting my Lady, my name is Aragorn." I stare for a long moment at his eyes, admiring the intelligent gleam in them. Why would he want to speak to me? Wait, if he's here… What exactly has been going on? I haven't read the books in years, so I only vaguely remember the story. But I pictured every character, imagined their voices, and every move they made. I remember their faces, but to see them, living and breathing, right in front of me? It's amazing. I realize that I haven't told him my name and flush with embarrassment. "It's nice to meet you Aragorn, my name is Elsira. May I know your reason for seeking me out?" My tone is very polite because if I recall correctly, Aragorn was royalty. I also cannot help but find him incredibly attractive, and I can't help but want him to like me. "It was I who found you, my lady. I wanted to know if you were all right." I hear concern in his masculine voice and try not to blush again. I can't believe he actually took the time to track me down just to make sure I was okay. It is flattering to think that such a man truly thinks me worthy of his time. "I'm fine thanks to you, and I appreciate your concern. Can I ask you something?" He nods. I want to try and figure out what is currently going on without giving too much away. "Might I ask about the hobbit? Someone mentioned him, and said that you might know more" I speak cautiously, trying not to reveal too much. I hope that he has already met Frodo. He nods, and I hold back a sigh of relief that I didn't mess up. "Ah, yes. He is recovering quite well." It's somewhere in the first book, though for some reason I cannot seem to recall much about it. It's getting harder and harder to recall my life before coming here. Recent events I can remember with ease, but things from the distant past slip from my mind like sand through clutching fingers. Just then, a halfling man with bright eyes and wavy brown hair walks by the room. He stops, having seen Aragorn and me, and returns to the doorway. I suspect that this is Frodo, judging by his slender build. His smiles when he sees Aragorn, and then his eyes turn to me. I see pain in his eyes, a pain that should not be in the eyes of one so young. He smiles brightly and the pain is gone, replaced by easygoing happiness. He is undeniably handsome and seems very relaxed, though I cannot help but think of him as childlike. "Greetings m'lady, my name is Frodo." I can't help but smile at how young and happy he seems. Even in my present situation, where I don't know much of anything, the people here can lift my spirits and bring a smile to my lips. He bows slightly and I see a glint of gold tucked away in his shirt. That must be the Ring. I tear my eyes away from it, not wanting to dwell on such a dark thing in my present state of unease. "It's a pleasure to meet you Frodo, my name is Elsira." My happiness returns. I smile at the hobbit and watch as he leaves the room. Aragorn turns to me, his eyes scouring me for every nuance of emotion and measuring my reaction. "He carries a great burden that many men twice his size could not carry." Aragorn says quietly, as if I knew of that which he spoke. Coincidentally I do, but he doesn't need to know that. Not yet at least. Gandalf walks into the room, capturing our attention. "Aragorn, you are needed for a council, and perhaps Elsira should come as well. Elsira, why don't you tell Aragorn where you're from? I believe it might be prevalent sometime soon."I nod, and the three of us begin walking as I tell my tale. Aragorn listens intently and Gandalf adds a few comments here and there for clarification. On our way there, I see a breathtakingly handsome elf. He has long blonde hair and gorgeous eyes. His skin is fair and his features are refined and as close to perfect as they could be. His pointed ears mark him as an elf, and then his eyes meet mine. I stutter over my words for a moment and forget what I was saying. I blush, unable to tear my eyes from the man before me. He is incredible, and a name flits through my mind. It's his name, Legolas. I tear my eyes away from him and continue my tale, trying to act as though nothing happened though Gandalf and Aragorn both noticed my reaction. I play it off as best I can but in reality I cannot get my mind off of him. He's already gone, but I'll see him again. I'm sure of it. I hope you enjoyed the new version of chapter one! A big word of thanks to my beta, Mystic Archer Horse Goddess out