did. Archery, the King decided, was not enough, so sword and dagger work was instructed. For some reason, Legolas had not been overly fond of this, coming back to the palace covered in cuts for the first few months of his tutoring, not even a millennia old yet and complaining loudly about his fervent dislike of knives and other blades. The King presented his son with two options: continue with full weapons training – or stop sword work and archery to go back to diplomacy and never touch a weapon again. ' If one fails you in the battlefield, Legolas, then what will you have to fall back on? The answer is nothing, and you will meet your doom, all due to your stubborn stupidity as a youth!' Legolas smiled at the reflection. The words had been harsh, but they had had the desired effect, pushing him to continue with knife work and swordplay until he was able to hold his position even against his tutor ... whom happened to be Daerahil, lending his expertise in the art of blades to his young prince... He smelt the wind with a deep breath, analysing the scent and playing it against his memories. Snow , he finally concluded, eyeing the ominous grey clouds as they swirled above the forest, congregating over the mass of bark and wood as though gathering as an army to assail the great forest. The trees began to condense about the horse and rider, the sky becoming more and more obscured as they made their passage between the mighty boughs. It was here that Legolas chose to leave the road, and he quietly urged Blazen from the track right into the midst of the forest. Blazen picked his way between the jutting roots and occasional rocks in their path – he knew this stretch of the forest well, as his master lead frequent patrols into its depths to deal with the Spider situation, keeping their numbers down to protect both the Elven settlements and the unwitting traveller on the roads. Sure enough, long threads of web were soon to be seen, dangling with little enthusiasm from the branches, the abandoned mess left by Spiders that decided to go and do something else. But the desolation did not last for long, and the canopy became thick with dense nets of sticky web. The thread of these Spiders was incomparable with that of a normal spider: normal spider webs were beautiful, glistening with dew on the mornings, created by the best seamstresses of the animal world. Indeed, they were even of help to the injured – Legolas had bound many a wound with freshly-spun web for its antiseptic qualities before laying some material over them. However, were he to do this with Spider netting, he would, by now, be dead. It was fine to touch – not that any ever wanted to do such a thing – but if it got into the bloodstream, it was as bad as the Spider venom itself. The thick grey drapes wafted heavily as the wind stirred – the only thing they glistened with as they shifted in the light was the evil sticky residue used to ensnare the unsuspecting. Legolas distinctly saw a black leg reallocate slightly above his head. The beasts were sluggish during the winter, the cold doing nothing for their energy levels. And with today being so cloudy, they had not a chance of bathing in the weak rays of sunlight, for all that was worth. Blazen tossed his head, ears flicking in worry, a snort smoking briefly in the air. 'Stille, mellon nín,' Legolas soothed quietly. 'Nothing will happen that we are unable to handle, do not fear.' But Blazen was not at all heartened by these words, and he released a frightened whinny, stopping and pawing nervously at the ground. Then Legolas tensed. Awareness and his acute senses flared into life, screaming to him that something was indefinably wrong, and he feared the fact that he knew not exactly what it was. They were surrounded by Spiders, that was true, but the monsters were too dull-witted at the moment to care about what tread the tracks below them. The odour of warg and Orc struck his nose, blown from behind by the wind. The creak of a bow. 'NORO LIM!' Blazen flew forward, great hooves pounding the earth as they fled. Legolas chanced a glance behind, and his eyes widened with horror at the eight wargs and their riders that pursued so very closely. Why did I not know they were there? How could they have come so close without my realising? FOOL! Bolts were loosed from behind, one of which came so close to Legolas' face that the fletching sliced the skin of his cheek, sending a flaring sting through the flesh of his face. But he paid it no heed, retrieving his bow from his back, notching an arrow to the string. He twisted his lithe form, aiming at one of the archers behind. His aim was true, and the warg now ran riderless. The beast continued, emitting hunting cries to the others, who returned it with chilling howls, teeth bared. Legolas plucked another shaft and fitted it... Blazen stopped abruptly, rearing and neighing fiercely as his way was barred. Legolas, caught completely by surprise, was unable to avoid falling from his horses' back, tumbling over the animal's neck and striking the ground with painful force. And all he could see above him was a heaving mass of black and grey, his hearing dominated by the snapping and vicious barks of wargs and Blazen's frantic, terrified neighs into the cold, cold winter air. The world blackened as he sunk into the clinging arms of unconsciousness, unable to move as something grabbed his limbs and closed about his throat, his body weighed down, freedom stolen. An Orc sneered at his face, laughing in its own guttural fashion. Adar will kill me for this... He knew no more.