said once Ari had run out of sight. "Thank you Gandalf. She is friends with just about every creature and elf here." he said gracefully. "I guess Aragorn was right. She does belong here." "Where will you be taking her?" Elrond asked as they started walking inside. "Hobbiton, I have some business there." Gandalf sighed, "And then to Rohan." "Whatever for, Gandalf?" "Arianna will be staying there henceforth, for her education. She needs to live without luxury; it would do her some good." "Gandalf, she's the heir to her father's country, she needs to learn politics! Something Rohan is not good for." "She needs to learn that life isn't a fantasy, and how her people in the eastland live." "Gandalf, Ari does not remember much, of the east land. I do not even believe she remembers she's a princess! She is too humble for that; you are taking a very big risk Gandalf." Elrond argued. "I know." Gandalf said. The next morning, they left on schedule, and in a few short weeks they reached the Shire. "Wow the Shire is beautiful!" Ari exclaimed from her seat next to Gandalf. "Yes, yes it is." he said. They came across a farm with lots of children who shouted, "Gandalf! Do fireworks Gandalf!" Ari looked at Gandalf and smiled, "You do, fireworks?" He smoked on his pipe and nodded. Just when they were about to pass the farm and the children were going to turn around and go home when and explosion erupted from the back of the cart, fireworks started shooting off behind where Ari was sitting, Ari giggled. "Gandalf, you're late!" said someone. Gandalf stopped the cart and turned to a short man. "A wizard is never late, he arrives precisely when he means to!" he stated. Ari chuckled then it became contagious. When they finally stopped laughing the small man jumped on the cart, "It's good to see you again Gandalf!" Ari looked at the two of them, "Well I can see you two have some catching up to do. I'll walk from here on." she sighed climbing out of the wagon, "Ari, you don't have to walk." Gandalf protested. "Gandalf, I've been sitting down for hours! I want to move around a bit." Ari argued. Gandalf was about to retort when she continued, "I'll shoot up red sparks if I get lost." And with that she walked off. Several hours later at dusk, Gandalf kept looking at the arrivals and also keeping an eye on Merry and Pippin, troublemakers. Ari hadn't come back yet, he relit his pipe. When he turned to look at the arrivals again there was Ari standing in front of him. "Where have you been young lady!" he boomed. Merry and Pippin looked up, they had never seen anyone else get lectured but themselves! "Alright I know you're mad but I took a shortcut that turned into a long cut..." she explained. Gandalf eyed her, "Oh stop staring at me." Bilbo walked onto the mini-stage. The hobbits and two wizards started to cheer, "Speech!" Bilbo obliged and finished quickly with a look to Frodo then he disappeared. Ari darted onto the stage, 'Nope, he isn't invisible.' she thought, but she was wrong. Ari walked back to Gandalf, who stood, "Here, you watch these troublemakers I have business to do." He said walking away before Ari could protest. "I'm Ari." she said introduced herself, to the hobbits. "I'm Pippin." "And I'm Merry." They said. Ari sighed, "Well let me help you with those." And she cleaned the dishes up with her wand, (an apprentice's tool) "How'd you do that?" Pippin asked with big eyes. "Simple, magic." She replied simply. Soon Gandalf returned it was time for them to leave, "Well. It's been great talking to you Miss Ari." said Merry. They waved as they walked off, she waved back and smiled she had never met anyone like them. Ari headed for the road where Gandalf had left the cart, Gandalf was waiting for her there. "Get on, we must go quickly." "Alright." Ari said jumping into the back of the empty cart. "The correct answer is 'Yes sir.'" Gandalf said rolling his eyes. Ari laughed, "Ok, sir." They journeyed towards Rohan and reached their destination shortly after traveling for a month. They rode into to Edoras, Ari and Gandalf walked up the steps to the huge doors. Then they walked in to see King Théoden of Rohan talking to someone. Ari looked around. "Ah Théoden, wonderful to see you again. I am in need of a favor." Ari walked over to a portrait and was about to touch it when Gandalf decided to introduce her, "This is Arianna, daughter of Julio King of the Eastland." Gandalf said to Théoden. Ari walked back over to them and curtsied saying, "How do you do?" Théoden smiled at her, "Welcome to Edoras young one. Now Gandalf how about some tea, while you share the details of this favor. Little Arianna here can play with my son, nephew and my niece." Ari looked up at Gandalf, "May I?" she asked sweetly. Gandalf smiled and nodded, and then a maid came to take Ari away. Two hours later, Gandalf and Théoden had settled on an agreement. There was but one flaw in Gandalf's plan, Ari caught him leaving without her. "But why are you going? And why do I have to stay?" she asked following Gandalf back down the steps. "Because you can learn lots of new stuff here." He said dryly. "Fine." Ari said grumpily as she ran back up the steps inside. "Good bye Ari." Gandalf called after her then he left. That was the last time Ari heard from him for six years. The End A/N: I wrote this a year ago, before I improved. I did run through it changing a few things here and there. This is who the mysterious Ari is. Hehe, hm let me know if you want me to write more about her.