she was a bit nervous and wary of him. "Lenséna." Silah said tensely. "What kind of Elf are you?" she asked. Legolas smiled slightly at her wariness of him. "I am of the Sindarian race, from Mirkwood." Lenséna eyed Legolas and walked forward, her skirt swishing as she went. Standing a foot away from him, she took his pale hand. Legolas withdrew slightly, but then allowed her to glance at his hand. She touched the palm and let her own fingers run up and down the lines that were formed from hundreds of years of practicing with a bow. Then, she touched the tips of his fingers, both of them had forgotten that the two Men still resided in the room. "You have fought many wars, Elf." she said finally. "I am very old compared to you and your husband. Yet I am one of the youngest of all Elves. Still, I have seen many years of battle." "Why are you here, in our village?" she asked. "I am on my way home to Mirkwood, to see my father. I would have continued on my trek, but the storm thickened, so I had to stop for a time." Lenséna looked up into Legolas' blue eyes and she fingered his hair. When she saw the clothes he was wearing, she noticed that the broaches pinning his cloak on him. She reached up and touched it gently. It was cool beneath her fingers, and was still wet from the rain. Though touched with grime from his travels, it shone with an unnatural Elven beauty. It was then she remembered hearing somewhere about the story of the leaf broach he was wearing. "You were one of the Nine Walkers." she said. Legolas nodded. "The Elf Prince." "Elf Prince? Bah!" said Thymes. "Nothin' royal 'bout you! Do you prefer to be called 'Your Majesty', or would you rather I kneel in your presence?" Legolas shook his head in anger and turned on his heel, walking away from where Lenséna stood. He went to the corner and picked up his weapons, strapping them to his back as Silah, Lenséna and Thymes watched. When he was done, he looked back at them. "I thank you for the ale, Sir." he said to Silah, who nodded slightly. "Farewell, Lenséna, may light touch your path." Legolas bowed his head in farewell and walked to the door. His hand barely touched the rope handle when he heard Lenséna shout. "Stop!" she said. Out of shock, Legolas let go of the handle so quickly it was as if he had been burned. He turned to face the pub's lady, who was rushing to his side. Silah and Thymes remained quiet. When Lenséna was beside Legolas, she spoke. "It is still stormy and Mirkwood is so far away. We have a spare bedroom upstairs. Would you like to stay the night, or at least until the storm clears?" Legolas' confused face relaxed as he gazed graciously at the pub owner's wife. "Not a wise choice, Miss." said Thymes. "He could murder yeh in yer sleep-- or worse; suck out yer soul." "Now you hush up." said Lenséna, outraged. Thymes growled in his throat. "Lenséna, Thymes is our customer." Silah warned. "So is the Elf." Lenséna said. "And should we not show kindness to him because of the rumors of a crazed man? Legolas had been here for a time and none of us is dead." "Crazed?" Thymes said. "I don't need ter pay ter be insulted. I demand a refund!" "Never mind." said Legolas, his voice shouting over the bickering of the other three. "Lenséna, I appreciate your offer to house me until the storm settles, but I clearly do not make this man comfortable. It is against my wishes to give your pub, as fine as it is, a bad name for customer service. Good night." With that, he pulled his soaking hood up over his head and covered his hair, then left through the door and slammed it shut. From inside the pub, they could hear the whinny of his horse and hoof beats growing fainter until they were drowned out by the sound of the pouring rain. "That Elf didn't pay for his drink!" Silah said after a moments silence took over. "What did I tell you?" said Thymes. "Cheapskate Elf can't even pay fer a drink! And 'e's supposed ter be royal. Bah!" "Lenséna, come away from the door, or you'll catch a cold." said Silah, but Lenséna wasn't listening. She was staring at the wooden door blankly, not pay attention to Silah's demand. "Lenséna?" Lenséna sighed and turned away from the door, her eyes averting those of her husband's, staring instead, at the dirty floorboards that were nailed together under their feet. Sadly, she sat in the stool next to Thymes, watching a spider crawl across the bar, her left arm resting on the edge of the wooden table. "Weird 'un," said Thymes, still shaking his head at the door in which Legolas had left. A mile away, Legolas stared back at the little town and sighed. As he rode his horse out of the little down, he had received glares from all passersby men and woman. Rain came down upon his cloaked head and he turned his horse in the direction of his home. Soon he would be home, where people would not think him strange. But that one act of kindness performed by Lenséna, the bartender's wife would forever be engraved in his mind and he was given hope for the human race where he had not before seen any. With this thought, he rode home through the rain, a weary traveler. ()o()o() I hope it wasn't too boring! Tell me what you thought. Reviews are totally welcome. Flames aren't. Have a nice day! Once again, check out my 'Haer en Hith' story with Legolas and Gimli. I like it better than this one anyway: ) May Elves be in your dreams! Luv, Legolas-gurl88