must have sensed Estel's fears and stood before the young human ready to defend her new friend from whatever harm was coming towards them. Estel noticed what the dog was about to do and smiled slightly at the gesture. His new found friend meant to protect him from the one and only balrog slayer himself. It was quite amusing. However, not wanting to anger Glorfindel nor his parents whom were undoubtedly worried he petted his new friend once more and answered his fathers advisor. As he turned to leave he noticed that the dog made to follow him and while he knew his father would object, he couldn't help it for he was already attached to the animal and as Glorfindel came into view he turned to the dog and said, "C'mon, lets go home girl" and he began walking towards Glorfindel who noticed Estels new shadow and he knew that Estel had found himself a new pet, and though Elrond would rant and rave and say that Estel was too young, Celebrian would tell him what a perfect way for their son to learn responsibility and as always his father would cave into his mother and the family would have a new member. And it did. Glorfindel's and Estels predictions had come true, yet with gentle coaxing from Celebrian and promises made by Estel, Elrond allowed his son to keep the brown and white dog, with big brown eyes and a stub for a tail. That was eight years ago. He named her Leama for reasons that no one not even himself knows. He just liked the way the name rolled off his tongue. In fact, he's pretty sure its not even a real word. He chuckled as he remembered the faces of the twins and Arwen when he introduced them to Leama. They were shocked and displeased at the obvious abuse she had suffered before finding Estel. He could still hear Elladan as he complained that Estel was 'too spoiled' for he and Elrohir were never allowed to have a pet. It was all done good naturally and within time all members of the Peredhil family came to love Leama, though none as much as Estel. She was his constant companion, his confidant and one of his dearest friends and to see her in such a state was heartbreaking. Gently so as not to startle her, he gathered her in his arms and held her close, scooting to the head of his large bed and leaning against the elegantly carved headboard. Leama's head was resting against Estel's chest, and he silently stroked her soft fur, remembering how much she loved to be brushed and have her belly rubbed. He remembered how she hated baths and had to be chased throughout the whole house, how she loved to accompany him on walks through the surrounding forrests. He remembered how next to Legolas, Leama was his best friend. He remembered everything. The storm raged on through the night, finally clearing before the dawn and as the sun made its way heavenward Leama's breath which had been nothing more than soft wheezes finally ceased signaling to Estel that what he had been fearing and denying had come to pass; his most trusted friend and most beloved Leama had passed away. Thus with her passing the tears that he had held at bay began to fall and soon all that could be heard throughout his rooms were the sobs of a broken heart. It had been two days since Leama's passing and Estel stood over a mound of earth that now played home to his once loyal companion. It had taken Celebrian's gentle coaxing for Estel to leave his room and attend Leama's 'service.' They had found Estel clinging to Leama sobbing and begging her not to go and for some the sight of a grown man begging his 'dog' not to leave would appear almost shameful, but for his family it was only a man showing his grief for the loss of a beloved friend. Estel was not so dense that he wasn't aware that Leama would one day leave the circles of Arda, no he knew he just wasn't prepared for the hurt that gripped his heart like a vice. He just wasn't prepared period. No one could be, and though he knew he just never realized that hardest thing to do was to actually say good-bye. And so now he stood, next her grave his family standing a bit aways, wanting to give him some privacy for though Leama's passing was hard for them as well, they knew it was devastating for Estel. Legolas too, was there having been told when he arrived that morning for a surprise visit with his friends. Estel bowed his head and prayed to the valar to watch of over Leama. He shut his eyes tightly as another rush of hot tears threatened to escape and tried to concentrate on what to say, finally deciding to speak from his heart. "I love you, Leama. You were the best friend I could've ever asked for and you will be missed. I know that we will meet again and so until that day, I'll say...Good-bye." With that he turned towards his family and friend and together they began to walk towards the house each remembering the skinny, brown and white bundle of love and affection and knowing that by keeping her alive in their hearts and mind, it will never truly ever be good-bye. A/N: I know, I know another author's note. Please understand that this is based on a true story. I just learned that my beloved doggy, 'Lucky' is dying from a massive growth near her lungs. In order to assuage the pain of her eminent passing I wrote this little ficlet. I hope you enjoyed it and please if you have pets always let them know you love them. You might think they don't understand you, but they actually do. They really do...GrammarPRNcess