breath "His left lung was pierced by an arrow." The Elvenking unfolded the piece of cloth at the end of Kíli's bed. "An arrow from the land of Mordor." He heard gasps fill the chamber, all eyes now upon that of the red fletched arrow. " Mordor was there as well?" Bilbo exclaimed, taking in the read feathers and black shaft, the rusted metal tip covered in specks of blood. Kíli's blood. " Nay, they cannot have been." Thorin said "If they were there, we would have seen their banner." " Indeed." Thranduil nodded "We would have been able to tell by the Orcs also, being them far stronger and fouler than the one's that came from Moria and Dol Guldur." "Then where could this arrow of come from? " Fíli whispered, brows furrowing. " There was one among their ranks who fired these arrows." The four within the room turned to face a very worn and tired looking Gandalf as the Istari entered the room, grey robes tattered and dirtied. "The armies forth commander." " You mean the one who fled?" Bilbo said. " Fled? Oh no, I do not believe one who could cause so much death in such a short amount of time would flee, Master Baggins." Gandalf stated. "I believe they were called back, being far too important to Sauron to stay there any longer." A moan caught the attention of the occupants in the room, each set of eyes turning to Kíli's pale face as the Dwarf's breathing began to get slower and slower. Gandalf closed his eyes gently, sending a prayer to the Valar to watch over his soul and may it rest at ease, away from any pain. As he reopened them, he set his grey eyes upon Thranduil's. Thranduil nodded to the Wizard, following the Istari out the room. He saw the rest of Thorin's company in the hallway, some trying to hold in their tears while others let them run freely. "You may go in." He heard Gandalf mutter to them, each Dwarf hastily walking into the room. " Come." The Istari said, leading the Elvenking to a secluded part of Erebor where they would not be disturbed. " What did you want to speak to me about?" Thranduil asked, watching the Wizard closely. " I would like you to hear my apologies first." Gandalf said, lowering his head slightly. " Apologies?" Thranduil furrowed his brow. " Aye. I had heard from Lord Elrond that Lady Calina passed away. Being a dear friend, I was rotten and missed her send off." Gandalf lowered his head further into his chest. " Nay, Mithrandir ! Do not apologise. Such a long time has passed and I know a Wizard has a busy schedule. Please, mellon , there is no need. Come, let us talk about this later and tell me why it is you wish to speak to me." *Grey Pilgrim* *friend* Gandalf raised his head and cleared out his throat before speaking "Thorin tells me you were looking for help, wanting information on my whereabouts." Gandalf said. " Aye, aye that is very true. I need you to translate this for me." Thranduil searched his robe for the piece of parchment that he carried around with him everyday since that horrible night two thousand years ago. Never has he left his room or kingdom without it. Gandalf took the parchment from him and immediately his eyes widened at what he saw. "This is..." " Black speech, yes." Thranduil interrupted. "This was given to me a few minutes before Calina passed to the Halls of Mando's. I have not been able to find one to translate it, knowing there are not many out there that understand the language of Mordor." Gandalf nodded and Thranduil watched his eyes re-read the words over and over and over again. Soon, the Wizard looked up at Thranduil, his eyes shining with deep sadness, "Tell me, Thranduil, King of the Woodelf's from the realm of Mirkwood, do you believe your son is still alive?" The King, slightly taken back from his words, stuttered "I-I want to believe he is. I feel that he is, my heart tells me so." " But...?" " But my mind says otherwise." He sighed "He has been lost to me for so long, too long that I'm afraid he has perished at the hands of such cruel darkness. He was just ten months old Gandalf. There is little a young one like him could do at that age." " Yes, you are indeed right old friend. However, for one that has not yet seen the world fully, there is potential for when one grows up." Thranduil furrowed his brow "What?" " Would you like to hear what this message says, my Lord?" Gandalf asked, looking down at the message from two thousand years ago. Thranduil nodded, breathing in deeply and readying himself for what was about to be read to him. Finally, after two thousand years, he finally got to hear what this dark message said. ElvenKing of Mirkwood. I have seen darkness beyond that of the depths of where Balrog's lie waiting. I have seen what shall come to pass if your offspring where to be raise as a normal Elfling should. I can not let that happen. Just know this: I will keep him alive but I will raise him as my own. He will be tainted by the darkness, killing the innocent as I tell him to do so. Your lands will never be safe. The world will fall. Into darkness and ruin. -O- It was TA 2941 on Autumn the eighth, when Kíli, son of Dís, brother to Fíli and Nephew to Thorin Oakenshield, King of Erebor, passed to the halls of his forefather's along with one thousand and eighty six others who lost their lives in the Battle of Five armies. Their lives will surely not be forgotten. -O- SURPRISE, I'M BACK! ~ Mennai ento lúmë, namárië ~