playing the diplomat; it was a job she did well although not as often as her older sister which was why she had made sure to be busy at the time the current guests would be arriving. Lord Elrond chuckled, he knew the game his youngest was playing and he could have played along but he hadn't missed Legolas' reaction to Caladwen. "The elflings want to play in the waterfalls? Well I am sure you will be available to accompany them after you have greeted our guests," he said in a slightly serious voice. He saw her pout at her plan failing but she also nodded accepting defeat for the time being. The elven lord took her hand and steered his daughter in the direction of the dwarves, "Glóin, I am sure you remember Caladwen although she was a bit younger the last time you met." The red haired dwarf gave what was definitely a smile, "Of course I remember the wee lass, used to be fascinated by the stories Ori used to tell her." The blonde elleth smiled at the familiar face of Glóin son of Gróin, one of the thirteen and then surprised him, and the Mirkwood elves, by giving the dwarf a hug. "Glóin son of Gróin, I am very glad to see you once more inside the borders of the valley. How is your son, Gimli was his name I believe?" "He is well, my lady. Here with me actually," and Glóin proceeded to introduce her to a younger looking dwarf that had a beard the same shade of red as his father's. Gimli was not as warm with his greeting of the blonde elleth as his father had been but he was not rude either. Caladwen did not let this bother her a fact which was apparent to all the elves gathered in the courtyard. After meeting the rest of the dwarves that had made the journey into the valley her father steered her in the direction of a pair of elves whom were wearing the distinctive colours of Mirkwood. The two male elves that had accompanied Legolas had also noticed the elleth's beauty and they had seen the effect she'd had on their prince. Thalion had been a long time friend of the Mirkwood prince although not as close as Legolas and Aragorn were, owning to the fact that Thalion was a few centuries older than the blond archer. Despite that he knew Legolas and he could recognise the wonder in the prince's eyes. It had been a long time since the blond ellon had looked at any maiden in that way and Thalion was glad to see that spark return to his friend's eyes. His attention returned to the elleth that was currently standing in front of him and Merilairon and was once again struck by her beauty. She was blonde which meant she favoured her mother instead of her father and the smile that was poised on her lips seemed to illuminate the world around her. There was no denying her loveliness and he thought that she would make a great queen one day, if that was what the Valar had in store for her and his prince whom he could already see was enchanted by her. "It is my joy to welcome you to the valley, I hope your stay will be a pleasant one and that you will find peace and rest while you reside within our borders," she said in a soft voice her green eyes sparkling prettily. "Thank you, my lady for your wishes. You may be assured that already we feel quite at ease within the borders of your father's land," Thalion responded with a respectful bow of his head. She smiled mischievously before inclining her head and letting Lord Elrond lead her away and toward Legolas. Caladwen was still smiling as she drew nearer to the spot where her siblings and Aragorn were standing with the blond ellon she'd glimpsed arriving ahead of the other visitors. Her green eyes locked with the impossibly blue gaze of the stranger before her and in that moment she felt something inside her give an involuntary shudder. Caladwen knew she was intrigued by the mysterious person before her and it wasn't because of his looks for all the Eldar were fair, no, it was the look in his eyes what she found beguiling; what she would later, much later realise would bind her soul to his. "Legolas, I don't believe you've ever had the chance to meet my youngest daughter, Caladwen," Elrond said by way of an introduction. Legolas bowed his head at the elleth, "Caladwen, this is Legolas Thranduilion, Prince of Mirkwood," Elrond told his daughter. Caladwen smiled and curtsied, "Mae govannen, hîr vuin," she greeted him in elvish. It was the first of their language he had heard her say directly to him and the prince could swear their language had never sounded fairer. He looked at her intently once more taking note of how beautiful and delicate she looked and for the first time the thought struck him that with only her smile she could get rid of the darkest of thoughts. Caladwen met Legolas' gaze steady even as inside she fought to keep control of herself. She didn't know why but his proximity was making her feel lightheaded. When she met his gaze it felt like her whole world had shifted to revolve around him. "Êl síla erin lû e-govaned vîn," Legolas responded softly in sindarin as well. He watched as her smile widened slightly and the two would have kept staring at each other had it not been for the elfling who still had a hold of one of Caladwen's hands. "My lady, may we now go to the waterfall?" He asked in a heavily accented common tongue. His words seemed to snap Caladwen out of her daze and with one more smile in the prince's direction she turned and left with her young charge.