around with her, it was of blood. Glorfindel wouldn't have paid much attention to it - the both of them having just been in a battle - had it not been the smell of elf blood that reached his noise. Carefully, he drew back from the hug, and looked into Eleniel's pained eyes. "El, are you hurt?" he asked. Eleniel looked at him, and her eyes briefly flicked to her arm. The pain had almost completely gone… but she was quite sure it was only because the blade had been poisoned and her arm was now horribly numb … "No," she said, not wanting to cause any trouble. Eleniel hated being injured. She was terrified of anything that had to do with broken bones, stitches, or her Ada's special (disgusting) healing tea, and so she made the decision there and then that it didn't matter too much if her arm fell off. Unluckily for her, however, Glorfindel had known the Peredhel since way before the twins had been born, and so the amount of experience he had when one of them was lying… Eyebrow raised, he stared intently into her eyes. "Eleniel." "Yes?" "Are you lying to me?" "No…" Glorfindel nodded, before turning his head to the group of warriors further up in the forest at their make-shift camp. They were all there now, the other party having come back a while ago after making sure there were no other threats. "Feredir!" he called. Eleniel groaned as she rolled her eyes and dropped her head forward, placing it on Glorfindel's chest. " Why, Fin?" she mumbled. The balrog-slayer ignored the question, instead waiting patiently for his best friend to reach them and keeping a firm hold on the elf in his arms. The raven-haired warrior walked over. His hair had been tied up, and his sword was now clean of the black blood that had covered it before. His clothes were still spattered with the thick substance, but he didn't seem to mind, being used to this kind of stuff. "What is it?" he asked, coming to stand next to the log his captain was sat on. "I need some help. Eleniel insists she is unhurt, but I don't quite believe her, so I am in need of your assistance to find out what is wrong." Eleniel groaned, lifting her head up to glare at Feredir. Feredir raised an eyebrow. "Do not glare at me, El. You can save us all the time and trouble if you just tell us now where you are hurt." "I'm not hurt!" "What is this blood, then?" Glorfindel asked, taking hold of one of the elleth's red hands and lifting it up slightly. "This is not orc blood." "Tell us, Eleniel," Feredir said, a warning in his voice that everyone knew was not something to mess with. The youngest Peredhel sighed, twisting her head to look at her arm. For some reason, the blood that she had felt seeping out of the cut earlier hadn't stained her clothes. Maybe it had closed up. Or not. She didn't know much about wounds. Glorfindel immediately let go of her sides and pushed her sleeve up, slowing down slightly when he felt her hiss in pain. He continued to push the sleeve up until a long jagged cut starting from her shoulder and running right down until just below her elbow came into sight. Eleniel looked over when she heard both Feredir and Glorfindel make noises of concern. "Does it not hurt ?" Feredir asked, taking a closer look. Eleniel shook her head. "Only when I move my arm or someone touches it. But… I can't exactly feel the rest of my arm… is that bad?" Both warriors glanced at each other. Glorfindel leaned forward, using one hand to keep the elleth steady and the other to gently probe along the wound. His heart beat faster with every symptom he found. Hot skin, a deep red rash beginning to form around the wound, and when he pressed down slightly, a thick black substance rose to the surface of the cut... He looked at Feredir, expression grave. "Poison, Fere." Eleniel turned her head, staring at Glorfindel. Her suspicions had been confirmed. "Am I… am I going to die?" Glorfindel's face turned into one of great sadness, and he swiftly wrapped his arms around Eleniel's small body and brought her closer to him. "Valar no, my little warrior! I will not let that happen. We do, however, need to get you home as soon as possible. Orc poison is deadly, you know that, and you need to have that cut stitched up and seen to-" "No! Fin, I don't want to," the elf said, gradually starting to panic, but Glorfindel ignored it, hurriedly standing up with Eleniel in his arms. He and Feredir walked over to the group of elves who had been patiently waiting for quite some time now. "Alright, listen up, everybody! Eleniel is ill, and we must get her home quickly. Feredir and I will ride ahead. I trust you all to pack up this camp and follow as soon as you can," Glorfindel said, whistling for Asfaloth. He helped the elleth onto the white stallion, who now had tears rolling down her cheeks, and mounted behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist to keep her steady. Looking behind him, he noticed Feredir was on his own horse. He nodded at him, and together they set off towards Rivendell. Glorfindel had been on countless patrols in his lifetime, and never once had it led to something like this. He was now racing home, a sick elf in his arms, who, as much as he hated to admit it… was slowly dying. Elvish used: Peredhil - Half-elven Elleth - Female elf Daro - Stop Rhaich - Curses This was originally meant to be a one-shot… but something happened XD Should I continue this and make it into a story? Tell me what you think! ~ Gre3nleaf