heading that way." Celebsul studied the little orc without speaking. Nik hung his head. "Some of Gubbitch's boys told me about them. They said Gubbitch would skin them if they went near them." Celebsul placed his hand on Nik's shoulder. "Gubbitch is right in telling his lads to avoid any remnants of the Dark Lord's fortresses. There is the possibility, especially for those who once labored under his control, lingering spells would lead to terrible consequences." "As is often the case, troubles do not travel alone, but in groups." The elf lowered his head and closed his eyes in thought. After several minutes, he said, "You were right to bring this matter to the Troll. The Rangers will need to know and be on watch for this stranger. As will Gubbitch and all who roam the hills." "Like Sevilodorf," Warg stated softly. Many times, the Rangers and Sevilodorf's companion, Anardil, had requested Warg act as guard to the woman as she went about her work. While the Rohirrim trader strongly resented the implication she could not look after herself, as time passed she came to accept Warg's company as that of a friend. "Yes, like Sevilodorf." "Tell us, Cel. What troubles have followed her home this time?" "If only they had come home," Celebsul said. He explained that five days ago news had reached the Troll that Anardil, long away on a mission to the northeast, was believed dead. The report, a mix of speculation and fragile evidence, had the Rangers, all long time comrades of Anardil, mired in the depths of despair. Sevilodorf, to everyone's consternation, had stated clearly that she did not believe the report and then retreated into an impenetrable silence. At the moment, the Burping Troll Rangers, save for Bob and Morling, had traveled to Henneth Annûn to learn more and to receive their orders. "Poor Sevilodorf," said Nik. "To not know for certain would be the hardest thing." "She is certain," said Celebsul. "Certain that Anardil will return." "But..." Nik's face twisted in confusion. "Stranger things have happened," growled Warg. "Leave her alone." "To a point that has been my suggestion as well," said Celebsul. "As for the stranger you have discovered, we will inform Bob, as Ranger in charge. Also Gubbitch, as he and his lads are most likely to come across our visitor. And of course, Russbeorn. All of us will watch our borders carefully." "And our people. We will not lose others of the pack," Warg stated in a growl. On another evening a few weeks later and far more chill with the breath of winter, Nik emerged from the barn after seeing to the animals, bringing with him an unusually large sack of honey cakes. Warg had not been waiting long enough to get irritated at the delay, but her nose twitched interestedly at the sack of cakes. Good food was never to be missed, after all. Nik tossed her one of the cakes. "Teach knows we may be gone a few days this time," said Nik as he clambered astride Warg. "When I told him we were going to stay out until we followed it home, he said…" He paused to adopt a fair imitation of the big man's most bearlike growl, starting off light but growing more ominous toward the end of the impersonation. "Good. Now maybe I can sleep in peace. You watch that strange orc and make sure it keeps away from here." They set out hunting. The trail took a bit of time to find, but soon it was evident that the stranger was once again heading into the swamp, a place the Rangers and Gubbitch's group were more than willing to leave to Nik and Warg. For the past few nights, they had observed the orc filling a bag, then retreating back into the hills. Nik had finally noticed a red tint to the water around where the orc was doing its cutting into the muck, but they still had no idea what it sought. Each time previously, they had believed they were growing closer and closer to its hideout. But always the return trail was lost in the foothills, as neither footprints nor smells keep well on hard rock. Always the orc kept itself cloaked and hooded when out in the swamp or on the roads, as if it didn't wish to be known. There was no hiding its race from the nose of a warg, but most humans would perhaps think it a child while the cloak was up. Tonight though, they were determined no disguise or woodcraft would allow it to slip away. They left their prey to its collecting; and a point above where it frequently crossed the road to head into the Ephel Dúath, they settled to wait. In the end, it was a dusting of snow that aided Nik in tracking its prints, and they discovered where it went every day. A deep sheltered cleft in the mighty wall comprising the western border of the land once called Mordor concealed the entrance behind rock that narrowed almost to the point of coming together. Then, they spent hours searching out a spot from which they could see the entrance to what appeared to be a rather large den that had been lived in for several months. Perched on a ledge scarcely wider than her body, Warg sniffed delicately, analyzing the smells, some of which were potent enough that Nik could detect them with his relatively less sensitive nose. "It is heavy with the scents of the orc, food, running water, leather, fire, metal, freshly cut wood and some others I don't even recognize. The musk of the orc is still the faintest, though, Nik." "I smell chemicals for working hides," Nik added. "That would be the odd ones, then," decided Warg. They lingered for several days, believing themselves out of the strange orc's knowledge, but mysteriously, starting on the third day of their watch, kills were left outside the cave.