from his father's lap. "He had a lot of work to do today. However, he did say he'd see us at lunch, which just so happens to be now, so," Elrond said, looking at his children and friend, " nobody mention anything we have just discussed. If we want this to stay a surprise, don't let anything slip about the party. If you do, you know he'll do everything in his power to get it out of you." Eleniel took a sip from her glass and looked up at Glorfindel. He was happily chatting to Erestor, which was good. If he started talking to her, she was scared she'd let even the slightest thing slip! She couldn't do that! As if he was reading her mind, the blond finished the discussion with a laugh and turned to the chair next to him. "What have you been doing all morning my little warrior?" he asked, taking a bite from his sandwich. Eleniel looked down at her plate. "Nothing… much," she said. Glorfindel put his sandwich down and looked at the elfling. "What does that mean?" he asked. "Nothing." "Well… did you play with your brothers?" "Kind of." "Kind of?" "Yes… how was your morning Fin?" The balrog-slayer narrowed his eyes slightly as she tried to change the subject. She was hiding something, he could tell. Seeing this from across the table, Elladan quickly opened his mouth to speak. "She has been watching us train Estel this morning," he said. Eleniel nodded and smiled at her oldest brother in thanks. "Ah, I see," Glorfindel said slowly, before turning back to his lunch, confusion still clouding his mind. Finally, the day had come. Glorfindel's Begetting Day. Eleniel had already decided that she was never going to keep something from him again. It was just too hard. She had been so nervous that she would let it slip, so tried to stay away from him as much as possible, which of course made him think he had done something to upset her and questioned her about it. She had told him that he could never do anything to upset her, and hugged him and told him she loved him. It made him a bit happier, but he had wondered all week as to why his little warrior was still avoiding him. He seemed to had forgotten that though, because the golden warrior had been quite happy when he woke up. He had cheerfully greeted everyone at breakfast, not really minding that nobody wished him a Happy Begetting Day. It didn't matter. Nobody even knew that this day many, many, many years ago, he had been born… or so he thought. Actually, quite a lot of people knew that fact. He just didn't know it. Yet. Elrond lifted his daughter onto her horse and then jumped up onto his own before riding off in the direction of the waterfall which was a little further into the forest. A group of elves had ridden there an hour or so before to put up the decorations and set out the food that they had brought on a small wagon. The twins were busy instructing the warriors who were going to take Glorfindel to their destination on what to do and what to say. As soon as they did that, they would follow behind their father and sister. Erestor and Estel were keeping a close eye on the balrog-slayer, who was currently working in his study. They had asked him if he needed any company, which he had agreed to, and so there they sat, the young human draped across the sofa and the advisor sat in a chair, quietly reading. "Finally! I'm done!" Estel and Erestor's heads snapped to the side at the loud cry from behind the desk. They had both been sat silently, and his shout really had startled them! Glorfindel stood up and stretched his arms above his head before walking onto the sofa and flopping down next to the young human. He closed his eyes, a content smile on his lips before… Knock, knock, knock. Glorfindel groaned. "Enter," he said, tiredness evident in his voice. A warrior entered the room and smiled at the three lords. "Ah, Feredir," the blond said, smiling back and sitting up. "What is it this time?" Feredir rolled his eyes and walked towards Glorfindel. He was the balrog-slayer's second in command, and one of his closest friends. Formality wasn't needed between them unless they were in public, and even then the two joked and played around with each other. " Hir nin ," the dark-haired elf said, sarcasm lacing his voice. "There are some loose rocks by the waterfall that Lord Elrond has asked us to see to. He is worried that somebody may seriously injure themselves if they were to slip on them. He asked one of the warriors earlier this morning to deliver the message to you, but I do not think you received it." Glorfindel sighed. "No, I did not. Well, Erestor, Estel, if you will excuse me, I must go and save Rivendell now." Estel laughed at that and looked at Erestor as soon as the balrog-slayer exited the room, playfully shoving his second in command. No words were said. They rushed out of the room as fast as they could, into the stables, onto their horses, and then galloped into the forest, not daring to look behind them. Elvish used: Peredhil – Half-elven (for those who didn't know) Ada – Dad/Daddy Hannon le – Thank you Tithen mir nin – My little jewel Tihen pen – Little one Tithen fileg – Little bird Tithen pen nin – My little one Muinthel - Sister Hir nin – My lord Okay… so much for this being a short one-shot! XD I think I got a little carried away… Part 2 coming soon! Anyways, I'll start writing the second 'chapter', tonight, and hopefully get it uploaded tomorrow at some point :) Please review! :D ~ Gre3nleaf