on my chest like cascades of precious, silken thread. I figured uncertainly that I should lift my hips, so that he can enter me more; I tried, and he reached with one hand to wrap my leg around his waist. That little change of position made the whole thing suddenly pleasurable for me. Now each time he pushed inside me, he touched that little bundle of nerves he showed me before and I finally understood what so irresistible is in intercourse that the passion outweighs reason. I cannot possibly say how long we went with that erratic, fierce rhythm. He panted in the crook of my neck, repeating my name in a strained whisper. I caught these sounds and marveled in them, kneading his back with both of my hands, feeling closer and closer to saying his name aloud also. When I finally dared, I found it the most beautiful name in the world, and the most wonderful word I ever said in my whole life. I think I cried, when I repeated it again, delighting with the feeling, and then my Lord shuddered, grunted loud and collapsed on top of me, his hot essence filling my passage. He laid unmoving, gathering his scattered senses. It took him a while. It felt good and honoring to have him so exhausted on top of me, yet I still craved for his attention. As his breath slowly came back to the slow, deep inhales and exhales, mine was still hitching. As his heart calmed down, mine raced with no pause. As his eyes turned into cloudy gray again, mine were lined with tears and dilated. "Oh," he murmured only, noticing my state. It didn't take much of an effort to make me come, for he took me in hand and pumped only few times – blissful few times – when I stopped seeing anything as a powerful wave of pleasure shook me. I came all around his hand and my stomach. In a stupor I found myself floating in I felt him slipping out of me and I vaguely thought that the bedsheets will undoubtedly be stained. Elrond stretched next to me, propping up on an elbow; he observed me with a calm face as I was resting. Playfully he stroked my length once again, which caused me to trash at the overstimulation. He did it again and again, observing my reactions, until with enormous effort of my heavy, tired body I managed to roll on my side and put my knees together. "You are a wonder, little leaf," he murmured, resting his hand on my hip and kissing my closed, fluttering eyelid. "My Legolas. You were… exquisite. For the lack of better word." I drowsily understood the praising tone and favorable petting; this reaction made me truly happy. That was what I aimed for. That words I wished for. When he touched me again, it was with a wet cloth, to wash the remnants of our lovemaking from my body; I felt so tired that to move a single limb was too much, and yet he appeared full of fervor. Smile on his face was deeper than any I saw before. His Elven light was almost vibrant. I wondered at that – for truly, how long had it been since he was with anyone…? "Have I exhausted you past endurance, my little leaf?" he smirked. I only nodded with a lazy smile. One deep breath more and I tried to raise, for I knew very well that his rest should not be further disturbed. He was heavenly kind with allowing me to stay that long anyway. And he even cleaned me, what should have been my job. "My Lord… I should leave now. I should not disturb you… thank you, my Lord. I hope I have pleased you." I said, trying to crawl out of bed. I was beginning to feel bad, all of sudden - tired and sore, strangely spent. I just wanted to sleep now, to stop the assault of thoughts that appeared out of nowhere and were not pleasant at all. I stood up with some difficulty, grimacing at the soreness, to reach for my leggings and other scattered pieces of clothing. That was when he simply reached and pulled me back onto the mattress. "You think I want you gone now?" he asked only, embracing me tightly and arranging the covers on top of us. "Elfling, elfling. You should rest now, I think… and wouldn't you want to rest in my arms?" I was… lost, my friend. I just didn't know what to say. After a while I snuggled closer and let myself to rest near my mighty, admired, beloved Lord. How I wanted to blurt out everything! My true identity, my feelings towards him, my secret work in both body and spirit just for him to find me pleasing. I wanted him to know, to hold me , not a mere servant I appeared; but I kept all this inside. I discarded it all, for a minute focusing on his heartbeat and his fingers in my hair. It was better this way. Let him only realize I am no one. He made no mistake, he disrespected no father, he abused no hospitality. He just found a little shard of freedom and peace. I made him happier. Mere servant or not, it was me. My body he touched, my soul he accepted. We both will cherish this memory. We will both remember this night. Valar, may he never know whom he took this night. Let it stay this way… let it stay a beautiful memory, with no threat or shadow of distress. "I will… come home to Imladris…" Elrond whispered suddenly. "…and hope the fate will allow us to meet again, one day. I will be waiting for you, elfling. Little leaf who made me happy for this one night." /*/ Try to understand, my friend. The one person I decided to tell this story of mine.