strained to hear the precious words that flowed from her mouth. He simply shook his head 'no' and held her hand closer to his chest. "It means sacrifice." Orshal coughed, blood seeping out of her mouth, "I was always meant to die." she took a rough, ragged breath, "Here. Today. Now. With you by my side. My sweet Merry." Using her ever-draining energy, she lifted her hand to her throat, fingering the necklace that once was her mother's. A silver rose intertwined with clear crystals. "Sweet Merry, please. Give this to Legolas." Her eye sight dimmed. She could only feel nimble fingers fumble across her neck followed by the slight tingle of the chain slipping away from her. "Tell him." Her eyes widened as she choked on the blood that began to pool in her chest. Fear raced through her as she struggled to breathe. She knew Merry was crying for her to finish. With the last of her will, she forced her mouth to form the words she needed him to hear. She pushed the last of her breath out of her body, only allowing her sentence to leave her as a whisper. "Do not follow me, Melamin ." She picked up her head from the pillow, letting her dark hair fall to the side. Her elbows formed a prop as she lifted her torso from the silken sheets. Morning light streamed through the windows of her bedroom, illuminating her naked skin and the skin of her bedmate. She looked over at him, knowing he had been awake all night watching her sleep. Laying on his left side, he moved his hand from its position in front of him and reached to her, dragging it along her back and leaving goosebumps in its wake. "Good morning, Melamin." She stretched her arms to him, rolling onto her side and revealing her breast. A quick breath was drawn from his side of the bed making Orshal smirk, encouraging her to proceed. The smooth sheets wrinkled underneath her knees as she crawled over to him, straddling his waist and massaging his chest with her hands. His beautiful elven features seemed almost unreal to her. The long blonde hair that scattered behind him cascaded down the sides of the pillow that caressed his head. Leaning down, she ran her lips across his neck, up to the bottom of his ear. A strangled grunt came from his throat as she skirted along the outer rim of his ear with her tongue. Elves ears were very sensitive organs. The first time she accidentally brushed the tip with her fingers, he had grabbed her arm with such speed and force, he almost separated it from her body. Instantly, his member grew hard between her legs, coaxing a moan out of her. His hands travelled down her sides, settling on her waist and forcing her to sit, taking his member into her wanting sex. Throwing her head back, she let out a gentle cry of relief and satisfaction. Lights shown around her, the sun blending with bursts of color that her brain generated to help her cope with the extreme pleasure. She called his name, crying to over and over until her voice could no longer support it. Things that worried her she could no longer remember. The details of where she was and how she had gotten there seemed so unimportant. Only she and he existed. She lay in his arms, sweat that glazed her tanned skin meshed with the sweat on his cream colored skin. Pushing her head into the crook of his neck, she closed her eyes contently. "I want to stay here with you. For the rest of eternity." her words came out as a whisper, but resinating in his ears. His fingers entangled themselves in her wet hair, bringing her head closer to his lips and crowning it with a kiss. "I will follow you into eternity and there we will stay." He spoke, taking her captive with his words. A haze suddenly fell over her. She fought against her eyelids that threatened by growing heavier and heavier by the second. "Legolas..." she breathed, her eyes closing, "I don't want to fall asleep. Don't leave me." He shhed her quietly, stroking her hair softly. Her breathing slowed, shallowing as sleep overtook her. " Fuume, Melamin." She tried once more, struggling against the drowsiness that battled her. Her fingers tightened on him, not wanting to fade away from the moment. She pleaded with herself to stay awake, but finally fell to the intruder. The warmth of him comforted her, easing her into the state of unconsciousness. A weak smile surfaced on her lips as her head fell back, totally relaxed. She no longer felt the fear of being apart from him. No ache plagued her. No pain clawed at her mind. A bright glow radiated around her, lifting her spirit to new heights. Peace filled her like a river rushing into her. With one last breath, his name fell from her lips. Finality breaking into her. It was over and eternity was the only thing left for her. He seemed so far from her, but she knew it was only for a short time. The glow brightened, melting away the feeling of his arms around her body. "I will follow you." His voice faded from her hearing. She felt herself smile peacefully. "My love." Fading into the light, she spread her arms. Nothing from her life came to her. She could remember nothing. The beauties of Middle Earth, her faithful partner, the pain of death. Her name faded from her memory, but a word surfaced in her mind. Something of mystery to her. She held this word close to her, a precious treasure. Happiness abounded within her when she spoke it. She would only speak it when alone, hugging her arms across her chest, breathing it out into the air, her eyes closed in ecstasy. "Legolas." Please Review! I hope you liked it!