different foods from the bowls in front of him, for himself and his beloved at his side. Many furrowed their brows at the very brief speech their King had just given and shrugged it off. They could not understand why the King didn't speak of his new-born child then but then again, they all thought it wasn't something that the King would announce at a time like this. Once Thranduil had plated his meal for both he and Estelwen, the King turned and faced the Captain of his guard "Tauriel, how goes everything in the forest?" He asked, wondering if the Elleth had seen anything about the strange reports the border guards had handed in. "My King." The Elleth dipped her head slightly, showing her respect "I have been out to the borders to confirm these reports and I must say it is indeed very strange to see such creatures on our borders." "What creatures?" Estelwen asked. This was the first she was hearing about this and was now thinking about what danger that could lurk around her growing child. "Orcs." Haerion, the Kings must trusted advisor, spoke, stealing the words out of the Mirkwood Captain's mouth. "My Queen." He bowed next to show his respect also. "How can such evil beings come to be?" She thought aloud. "We do not have any reason as to know why these creatures are close to our borders, nor do we know what leads them." Tauriel explained to her Queen "Sauron died many years ago. It is strange that these foul being still run amok in your forest, your Majesties." "Tauriel." Thranduil's voice held a warning as she spoke of the dark Lord so lightly. He felt his wife's free hand fall apon his, clenching it softly as she heard about the Lord of shadows. "I will have you speaking of him in such a place." He glared at the Captain. Tauriel immediately apologized to her King and Queen and resumed her meal. The King's gaze never softened as he thought about the being that had single handedly killed his father. Such much death happened that terrible day and even the Great Elven King, Gil-galad, also died that fateful day as well. Cut down by Sauron in the same way Oropher was. Time slowly passed and the meal ended with the Queen's tiredness. The royal couple bid goodnight to their friends and subjects and walked quietly back to their rooms. Their little babe hadn't let a single sound out of his tiny mouth since they were within their chambers before the evening meal. Estelwen was beginning to worry. She was sure that Elven babes were supposed to make a sound, just like that of mortal new-borns but Legolas was silent. The small laughter he made when his parents cooed him or when he played with their fingers was the only time he a loud the sweet sound escape. The Queen watched as her King opened their chamber doors and stepped inside, sighing. "I am glad that is over." Thranduil walked over to a cream sofa that was facing the already lit fireplace within his room. Estelwen chuckled "Now, now, meleth, surely you were not that bored?" She raised her fair eye brows at the one she loved dearly. Thranduil smiled back and motioned her to join him on the sofa he was on. His Queen walked over and sat beside him, she kissed him gently on the lips before turning back to her sleeping child. "What is wrong?" Thranduil asked, furrowing his brow slightly. "I worry for him." Estelwen kept her eyes apon her babe "He makes no sound except for a little laughter. Elven children are not this quiet surely. Maybe it's because…" Thranduil cut his wife of as he turned her head to face him. He looked deeply into her deep sea eyes and said "We do not know why but there is one thing that will confirm our suspicions." He told her, looking back at Legolas who slept peacefully in the pastel green blanket that was wrapped around his tiny form. "At the stroke of Midnight. This is when we shall know." Estelwen nodded "I wish to stay awake and see. If our suspicions are not correct then I will be the happiest being to ever walk this earth." "And what about if it's true?" Thranduil asked "What if they are correct? Will you not love him as much as you would?" Estelwen looked at her husband, tears in her eyes. She leaned against her husband's chest and silently let her tears fall "I do not know, Thranduil. I do not know what will happen. I want to love him but what if that…that monster comes and does something to him. What if he corrupts our sons mind and makes him betray us, forever hating the ones that made him and brought him to be in this world?" Thranduil wrapped an arm around his wife's arm "We will see at midnight, meleth. Come, let us sleep and be rid of these thoughts." He felt his Queen and wife nod against his chest and both stood to put their sleeping son to sleep. Soon, both royals of Mirkwood changed into their nightclothes and got into bed. A few hours later, they both awoke from the sound of their precious son crying… …Dead on the stroke of Midnight. I hope you all enjoyed reading the first chapter ^^ There will be more chapters after this one so I hope you all look forward to them as well :D Things you need to know? 1. Oropher and Gil-galad- I have twisted their deaths around a bit. Gil-galad didn't die from the heat of Sauron's body but from a death blow he received from the dark Lords mace instead. Oropher died a similar way :) That's it I think? :o Faramir; Finally! You have started the Prequel. Shut up, you stupid ranger! Now get back to the other story -.- Faramir; Ok ;-; Namarië!