name?" "You did not know him, sir." "I should like to." "Dairuin." The child stuffed his arms inside his shirt. Faramir nodded. Yes, he did not know the man, a nameless casualty, another father felled for fair Gondor's sake. And here stood the hero's child, shivering in a crumbling barn with nothing but skin sticking to his tired bones. But the boy's eyes had sparkled with interest at the mention of the stallion, had kindled a foreign hope that so resembled his mother's when she had been promised money…money to feed her son. Faramir looked away. Boromir would be sorely disappointed. A cheerful voice echoed in the eaves. Faramir felt his frown deepen as he recognized his brother's laughter. There was a good deal of stamping and stumbling about in the street. Hooves clattered on the cobblestones. The boy glanced up. "I suppose that'll be them," he said. "So it seems," Faramir replied. The boy untied his pony and led him out to the back. Faramir ambled over to the feed trough, leaned against it and stretched his legs out before him. Boromir entered the stable through the front door and shook the chill from his flesh. "Rides like one of the Mearas!" he proclaimed heartily, nose and cheeks bright red like a strawberry. "Though I suppose that is a tall boast, seeing as I have never mounted a Mearas myself. But the creature must be very like, I swear it, brother." Faramir tapped his fingers on his elbow. "Where is Morwen?" Boromir glanced over his shoulder. "She's circling the horses about the yard. We cantered them all the way up to sixth level and they need cooling. I must say though, the nag kept a surprisingly even pace. But the stallion, ah!" He hurried over to Faramir and threw an arm over brother's shoulder. "I don't think Father could ask for a better beast." Faramir chewed at the inside of his cheek, wondering how best to phrase things. In the end, he abandoned delicate diplomacy and went for the heart of the matter. Boromir himself was a direct fellow and he saw no need to dance around the thing. "We cannot take the horse." Boromir's face fell. "What?" "I tell you now, brother, we cannot buy the stallion from Morwen." "A jest this is surely." Boromir's arm fell away from his shoulder. "But oh, do not tell me she is indeed a thief. It was wrong for me to guess it but curse the wretch if I was right this time." "You were wrong." A small smile shaped Faramir's frozen lips. "What fortune," Boromir sighed in relief. "And no more jests, I might ask that of you. It was quite a poor one to begin with, not at all up to your usual standard." Faramir looked his brother in the eye. "I did not jest." Now Boromir was indeed troubled and he even began to wring his hands in agitation. "What is this ?" "Morwen is a widow," Faramir said slowly. "And the horse was her husband's, a guard of the city as I was told." "And?" Boromir's shoulders rose and fell in an artless shrug. "She told us such, she said the horse was left to her." "Not only to her." Faramir glanced at the back door. The boy was nowhere in sight. "She has a son and the family is poor. He thought I was a creditor come to harvest some cruel debt. They're starving, both of them and the stallion is their only bit of joy." "I do not understand." Boromir raised his hands in frustration. "I shall pay her well for the beast, generously if you like. If they're starving, why not feed them?" "Boromir," Faramir's voice was firm. "We cannot take the horse from them. It is wrong." Boromir stared at his younger brother and for a moment, his eyes went hard, annoyance flickering behind them. But Faramir met his gaze steadily and wordlessly implored him. Morwen entered the stable with the horses. "Well," she said, looping the cracked leather reins over a post, "have you made up your mind, my lord? You seemed rather pleased with the stallion's paces. What do you offer me for him?" But Boromir continued to stare at Faramir, his gaze thawing and then he rolled his eyes, rising to his feet. "Forgive me, madam, but the stallion was not to my liking." This time, Faramir was certain he saw Morwen's chin wobble. Tears darkened her eyes. "But, my lord-" Boromir gently interrupted her. "I'm afraid I'll have to go with the mare." Faramir hid his smile behind his hand, pretending to yawn as Boromir half-heartedly haggled with the teary-eyed Morwen. The price, a high one, was settled on and coins were counted out into the widow's shaking hand. She pocketed them at once and handed the reins of the nag over to Boromir. "Oh," was all she said as they headed out into the approaching night, but Faramir had not expected a thank you. Once in the street, Boromir led the mare up the steady slope to the Citadel's stables, his head bowed against the wind and as Faramir suspected also, anger. He glanced over a withered flank at his brother and coughed. "You're wretchedly put out with me, I assume," he said. "Mmm," Boromir mumbled indistinctly, stopping beneath a swaying streetlamp. "I'm thinking." "On what?" "Names." "Names?" Faramir threw back his head. "Old Lady Imlos," Boromir said suddenly and when he glanced up into the early starlight. mirth touched his face and bloomed in his smile. "She has quite the whiskery chin." He stroked the nag's own hairy muzzle. "Imlos, do you think it suits her?" Faramir chuckled. "Quite." Author's Note: Thanks so much for reading! And if any one has been reading my other Faramir fic "To Whatever End" I do apologize for the lack of updates. I am hard at work on the next chapter and it should be posted soon. Have a great week!