the Man and Elf he was following. "...And no sign of these band of Uruk-hai's. Only the Elf has seen then but he has good sight and..." His voice trailed off as he realised he was talking to himself. He looked around at the bear rocks and dead bushes and shouted "Aragorn!" As he took off, running to catch up with his quick friends. As Gimli got to the rocks where the Elven Prince was standing, he cursed as he saw them just about to move once again. "Legolas!" He called which made the Elf and Man turn and look at him. He was glad this caught their attention for now he could have a little rest. "What have you seen?" "The Uruk-hai's are still making their way through the plains. We will need to go closer for me to find what road they are actually taking." Legolas answered. Gimli nodded and felt a hand apon his shoulder. "I am sorry Gimli." Aragorn spoke with tiredness in his voice. The ranger was just as exhausted as Gimli. "We must continue. We cannot leave Merry and Pippin." Gimli nodded his understanding and followed after the Man and Elf as they both went into a sprint once more. Along the way, both Man and Elf constantly stopped for their short legged friend. They smiled at each other for Gimil's stubbornness. Even though he nagged about having no rest or food, he continued going. An hour past, the sun still high in the sky and the three hunters were still running after the Uruk-hai that had taken their small friend. Aragorn was in front the time and he continued to look at the ground for the tracks the Uruk-hai's were leaving. A few steps later, something caught the ranger's eye. He slowed down and crouched, and picked up what it seemed to be a leaf of Lothlórien which was bent at the tip, its colour slowly fading. Legolas ran ahead of him but stopped as he noticed his friend knelt on the floor. He walked back and looked at the small leaf broach within the ranger's hand. "Not idly do the leaves of Lórien fall." Aragorn looked towards his friend and smiled. Legolas smiled also as he read the rangers thoughts. "They may yet be alive." The ranger looked at the ground before him and quickly began to run once more "They are a day ahead of us. Come!" He called as Legolas stayed behind, waiting for the Dwarf to catch up. Legolas chuckled lightly as he saw Gimli roll down the hill they had just come from and cursed. "Come Gimli." He broke into a run as he ran after his friend "We are gaining on them." "Gaining on them?! I am surely not but I am sure both of you are!" He yelled which made his voice bounce of the rocks, echoing in the distance "We should have left earlier. We wouldn't have to run such a long distance then! Us Dwarves are very dangerous over short distances!" He puffed angrily but then smiled as he saw both waiting at the bottom of a steep hill for him. Aragorn was huffing and puffing, his energy almost spent while Legolas stood there laughing. "What's so funny?" Gimli said breathlessly, leaning heavily on his axe once more. "I just told Legolas I am not as young as I used to be." Aragorn punched his friend lightly when Legolas laughed harder. "Oh come, Estel , I remember when you would go days without needing to stop for air. Shame, you grow old, oh mighty future King." Legolas bowed and turned to quickly run up the hill behind him before the ranger could tackle him. "More stories that I will need to hear about when this is all over?" Gimli winked at Strider who just shook his head as he smiled. "Indeed my friend, indeed." Aragorn then patted Gimli on the shoulder and made their way up the steep hill. Once both Dwarf and Man were on top, they looked to find their Elven Prince on a small rock, just on the otherside of the hill. "Legolas! What do your Elf eye's see?" Aragorn shouted. He and Gimli looked across the plains and noticed the terrain had changed a lot from a few hours ago. There were now bushes whose leaves were green and full of life. There was much more rocks and small hills that were scattered across the land. Wild flowers could been seen althought a single tree wasn't in sight. "We are within the plains of Rohan, my friends." The Prince shouted back, never once turning to face them for his eye's focused on something else. "There is dark magic at work here, something that lingers and festers within its lands." The Elven Prince narrowed his deep sea blue eyes as he found what he was looking for. "The Uruk-hai's turn north east." Aragron and Gimli looked at each other, slowly fearing the direction the beasts were going. Legolas' eye's widened as he realised the path the creatures were taking. " Having fun?" A dark voice laughed within the Prince's mind. The Elf ignored the dark Lord's words and shouted fearfully "They're taking the Hobbits to Isengard!" " Very clever, my little Prince!" Sauron taunted. Aragorn's face hardend. " No. It cannot be ." He thought. "Saruman...He is after the Ring!" First chapter...DONE! This is a LONG chapter! :D ahaha anyway thank you for reading and I hope you all look forward to the next one :) This was actually suppossed to be out earlier but I had to proof read it D: This is taking AGES! :( Oh well... :D Sorry about spelling mistakes etc. :') For those who wish to know what the title means: Nin-dethro hîn, Mellon-nin- I am here, my friend. Bilbo: Húllo, my dear. BILBO! :D Bilbo: Why are you so excited? o.o Because...You are amazing! *-* Bilbo: *blushes* You, dear, are far to kind :'3 Namarië!