Aragorn smiled back and placed the cups to the elf's lips and Legolas swallowed. The blonde elf gagged at the taste of the liquid. "Taste like orc blood!" He quickly placed a hand other his mouth trying to hold back the bile that rose in his throat. He had no choice. He had to swallow that too. " Even orc blood taste better than this!" his mind shouted. Gandalf strolled over and placed a hand Legolas' shoulder " Ce mae?" * Are you well?* " Meam, Hannon le " *I am well, Thank you.* "It is glad to see you awake, Master Elf" Gimli said with a mouthful of food. Legolas weakly smiled back but said nothing. "Are you quite finished over there?" Gandalf asked. "I would like to leave as soon as possible." "Why are we going?" Pippin said. Gandalf rolled his eyes. " Here come the questions" He thought. The grey pilgrim decided to get straight to the point "We are going to Rivendell, Peregrin Took. To the house of Elrond. Now come along. Don't want you being left behind, do we?" He finished with a smile. "Did you hear that, Mister Frodo?" Sam exclaimed. "We're going to see the Elves!" "Finally moving " Frodo thought. He looked at those around him. Gandalf, Merry and Pippin were up front. Himself, Gimli, Boromir and Sam were in the middle and Aragorn and Legolas brought up the rear. Legolas had one arm around Aragorn's shoulder while the other hung limply at his side. Aragorn had his left arm around the Blondes waist and the other holding onto the arm on his shoulder. Frodo turned around and walk towards the man and elf. "Ahhh Frodo, come and help me with Legolas." Aragorn said. "Just grab his left arm and put it over your shoulder." Frodo did as he was told and heard the Elf's heavy breathing. "Urm Aragorn? I was wondering if you could tell me what those things were back in Bree. Y'know, those black riders?" Strider stopped walking and both, Legolas and himself, looked at Frodo. The blonde elf turned his head to the man and nodded and the dark-haired man returned it and nodded back. "Well, where do I start?" He questioned. "You could start with 'They were once men'." Legolas lifted his head but then it rolled back down. His grip on Aragorn's shoulder lessened and slowly started to slide off. Aragorn grabbed the blondes arm and kept a tight grip. He looked at Frodo and saw looking worriedly at Legolas. "He is fine Frodo. Every time someone mentions the nine riders or the dark lord, his energy gets absorbed." Frodo looked at Aragorn, confusion written all over it. Aragorn saw this and smiled "When the time comes you will understand." "Great kings of men" He started. "Pardon?" Frodo questioned. "You wished to know about the nine, yes?" Aragorn smile widen. "Oh, urm, yes, sorry! Please continue." "Aragorn!" Aragorn and Frodo looked up at the voice and saw Gimli waving his axe in the air. "Start from the beginning! The other Hobbits got confused." Gimli turned back around. "Don't forget to speak up as well!" The dwarf shouted. Boromir rolled his eyes. "Dwarfs and their big mouths and small ears." He took a deep breath and started his tale again. "They were once men, Great kings of men, Then Sauron the deceiver gave to them nine rings of power. Blinded by their greed they took them without question. One by one falling into darkness. Now they are slaves to his will. They are the Nazgûl. Black speech for Ringwraith. They go by other names: Black Riders, Dark Riders, the Nine Riders, or simply the Nine. Neither living nor dead. At all times…They feel the presence of the ring…Drawn by the power of the one." Frodo listened in horror to the tale. "They will never stop hunting you." About 2 hours into their journey, Frodo, Sam, Pippin and Merry, who were at the back of the group, stopped and started to dig through their packs and bags. Boromir saw this and turned around "Gentlemen, we do not stop till nightfall." "What about Breakfast?" Pippin asked. "You've already had it." "We've had one, yes. What about second breakfast?" he smiled a cheeky grin. Boromir walked off, catching up with Aragorn, Gimli, Gandalf and Legolas. Merry turned his head slightly "Don't think he knows about second breakfast, Pip." Merry took his hand out of his pack and started to walk away. Pippin gasped and followed after his cousin. "What about Elevenses? Luncheon? Afternoon tea? Dinner? Supper? He knows about them? Doesn't he?" "I wouldn't count on it." He gave a smile at his cousin. Pippin lowered his head towards the ground. He couldn't believe it. All of a sudden an apple was launched into the air and Merry caught it. Pippin saw this and looked at the apple, then Merry, then the apple again, then back to Merry. His cousins smiled widened at patted Pippin on the back, then walked away. As Pippin watched as Merry walked away and apple bounced of his head which startled him. He looked towards the sky and heard Merry shout "Pippin!" Behind them Sam and Frodo laughed at their friend and put the packs back unto their backs and followed after the group. Well there you have it folks! Not much action in this chapter but there will be in later chapters! Thank you for reading :D Next chapter will hopefully be out soon. Not sure when though. Note before I stop typing: This fanfic will be covering the whole LOTR trilogy, mostly based of Peter Jacksons movies... Legolas: Why are you making it so long? And Stop making me pass out! Because I'm telling it my way! M'ahahahaha! And I never will. You will suffer Legolas Greenleaf. Thranduil: Legolas, Ion-nin , get behind me! Oh Thranduil stop being so protective! I was only joking. Jeez. Elves these days, what you gonna do? Namarie!