any other member of his Fellowship!" Merry could feel the eyes of everyone in the hall bearing into his skull, but he looked up and into the eyes of Théodred. The boy's eyes were glistening with admiration. "Meriadoc, son of Saradoc, I ask of you a favour." Éomer declared. "Guide my son along the same path that you yourself tread. Show him that size matters not when it comes to the determining of valour. Teach him that bravery is determined by the strength of his heart, regardless of the reach of his arm!" "My Lord King," Merry choked out, rising to his feet. "It is my honour to accept." Again, the hall seemed to shake as the Rohirrim cheered and clapped and stamped their feet and hammered their tankards upon the table. Pippin stood up on his chair and let loose a series of yips that stood out against the deeper celebrations of the warriors. Merry smiled and went to stand beside Éowyn. "I name you heortefaeder!" Éomer roared over the din, which then grew louder. Merry poured a small amount of mead into Théodred's cup, mixing it with the mare's milk that Éowyn had poured in earlier. Théodred raised the cup to his lips and drank. His face clearly indicated that he did not care for the mead, prompting laughter from the warriors in front of him, but he drained the draught and set the empty cup back on the table before him. Cheers rose again and his father caught him up and carried him off, laughing, to bed. ------ The fire burned low as the night grew long and the Rohirrim sought their beds. Éomer found Merry sitting beside the hearth on a divan and took a seat beside him. "Éowyn must have carried tales." The hobbit said quietly. "She did." Éomer admitted. "I had written to ask her what she thought of choosing you and she wrote me that story in reply." "It didn't seem like very much at the time." Merry said. "I was just the right size." "Faramir said that it took hours." Éomer pointed out. "I should not have liked to spend that much time in a building that was falling down around my ears." "I thought about Frodo." Merry said. "That made my danger seem less." Merry's feet swung above the floor, but the hobbit was used to it. "You left out quite a bit, you know." Merry said after a pause. "I had a lot of help. Some of the children passed me things through the hole and the men that built the rock-mover laboured four hours without breaking." "Aye," said Éomer. "And who struck the first blow upon the Foul King so that my sister might win the glory that came with killing him? No one does great deeds alone, Merry. Of all the peoples in this Middle Earth, hobbits should know that best. And yet the world remembers heroes as those who stood alone and conquered all. Maybe that is yet another piece of wisdom that you will teach my son." "I think, my King, that if he inherited your wisdom he will be well enough equipped on his own." Merry said. "Perhaps if it came along with his mother's patience and common sense!" Éomer replied, a smile breaking on his weathered face. The man and the hobbit sat in silence for a long time as the fire burned lower and the sounds of the hall faded even more into the darkness. "I am glad you were with him at his end." Éomer said finally. "I do not remember where I was when I heard the Nazgûl scream, my heart quailed. I was not with my King when he met his Doom, but I am glad that he did not face it alone." "He asked for you and for Éowyn and she lay not five feet from his side." Merry said, surprised to find that the memory no longer caused him as much pain as it once had. "He named you King with his last thought." "There were many great deeds of that time, Meriadoc. Too many almost to be remembered." Éomer thrust a poker into the fire in an effort to build it up again. "Even those that seemed small at the time were great in truth, I think. The times were great and so all the deeds must be too. I want you to teach my son that there are many ways to greatness and that he does not need to be the mightiest of men to achieve it." "I will, my king." Merry said, his voice ringing with promise. "This is a great task, but I think it is also a great gift. I am glad to be so honoured." "I drink to you, Master Holdwine," Éomer raised a cup that Merry hadn't noticed he was carrying. "Long may Hobbit sense guide the way of Men." Merry smiled. And in the year of 3025, Éomer King sent out messengers far and wide to invite his noble friends to the fulluhtÞeaw of his son and many of them came in spite of great distance and small stature. And Éomer King declared that his sister, The White Lady of Rohan and that his esquire, Meriadoc the Magnificent would serve young Théodred as heortemoder and heortefaeder, that they might teach the Heir of the Mark that courage and bravery depend most of all upon the strength of the heart. - The Latter Days of the House of Éorl (translation) ------ finis AN: This was the story that wrote itself. I have decided that Éowyn travels under her own colours, because I like the idea, and also because I think Faramir knows how to give a girl a really fantastic wedding present. I created the three-year tradition of naming god-parents although there is a word for "godfather" in Old English. I didn't like it, so I went with "heart-father" (and mother) because I liked the sounds more. GravityNotIncluded, December 11, 2006