tongues parched and thirsting for air as they sang. The music had once more picked up. It was loud, near deafening, Haldir wrestled with the urge of stopping his ears. He refused to give that pleasure, the knowledge that she had wounded him. With a last glance to his guards he ordered them to halt and as one they crouched down in the grass, waiting and watching for the signal. The March Warden would not attack until he had seen her. No, he couldn't crush her forces until he looked upon that face. He wondered if it had changed, if grief and time had worn down the very loveliness he had once adored. A long moment passed, those wicked soldiers continuing their dance, unaware of the presence of the Galadhrim. Then she came, in all the glory and magnificence she was known for. She was always one for a show, a display of prowess. Yet a gasp caught in his dry throat as she ascended a smooth rock, overhanging the meadow of the campfire. That voice remained in his memory but not the features. Such a fearsome toll she had paid! One would never guess she was an elf. Though perhaps, she tried to hide it. Her face was a mere ruin of what it once was, a long jagged scar, tearing across her pale brow and across her lips. Someone had indeed glanced their blade off her with the pure intention of hate and mutilation. She was horrid to look at, her blue eyes now sunken, but still blazing with a sickly rage that would forever poison her. Those once rosy cheeks now thin and drawn, making her face skull-like. And her hair! It was no longer the sheet of silver he had stroked so lovingly, but a mass of mats and tangles, splotched with a sort of red dye in many places. She wore the same quilted jerkin as her fellows, that silver chain mail she had always prized. Her voice was still the same, she was ever the bard, the minstrel she had aspired to be, though her war-like tendencies won over. And now she continued to shriek, making the very hairs on the back of his neck stand straight and a chill cascade down his spine. She called to her pantomime companions and they laughed at some cruel jest that could only come from her lips. Haldir dropped his eyes, he could no longer face the horror that stood before him, the destroyed elf that was a shadow of her true being. It would be better to finish it now, to be done with the years of torment that had laid waste to both their souls. Raising his hand swiftly, the company of guards gained their feet and with a silent flourish unsheathed their blades. Stifling the groan that was forming in the pit of his heart, Haldir dropped his hand and heard them charge forward to apprehend the intruders as was practiced. Only the Lady of Lorien was fit to judge them. But the elleth was quite a cunning little creature, too sly and manipulative for her own good. She was impulsive, not foolish. Haldir could never surprise her. With a fluid motion she leapt from her perch on the rock, her hand reaching for her sword. The soldiers by the fireside too wheeled around, blades flashing in the horrid light of the flames. And from amongst the brush they came, at least two dozen men, most with deadly crossbows aimed at the elves of the forest. The March Warden himself felt the icy touch of an arrow being pushed against the nape of his neck. Curse her! She was, unfortunately, much better at playing false and using trickery than him. "Drop your weapons!" she called gaily, as if this were a seemingly normal request, a smile making that scar lengthen on her face. The guards looked quickly to their Captain. It was not everyday that a party of men managed to best them in their own forest. "Do as she says," his words sounded out through clenched teeth. The metallic clang of swords being dropped echoed through the glade. Haldir felt himself being ushered forward by the men behind him. The elves were likewise schooled together, their numbers a mere handful compared to the men. It was a fight they could not win, especially with her present. "Well, even I surprise myself," she sauntered forward, her eyes crescent shaped like the moon above as mirth invaded her features. "Never did I think to overtake a force of Galadhrim on the borders of Lothlorien." "Your men are well trained," Haldir allowed, wanting to placate her in anyway possible. Out of the corner of his eye he saw his brothers, a look of certain shock registering on their faces as they recognized the elleth that held them captive. "Ah, but you should have expected them to be, Captain," she gave him an appraising sort of glare. "You have not changed a bit." "It is unfortunate I cannot say likewise," Haldir forced his head up to look fully at her. "You were never free with your compliments," she remarked sharply. "But I will admit that I have changed. You could not have expected me to stay the same." "Your companions have been rather bold these days," he forced a bitter laugh. "Still playing the part of the minstrel are we?" "We like to draw attention ourselves," the elleth smirked malignantly. "But let me at least introduce myself to those of your guard who do not recall me. I see your brothers do. I am Lady Amanthoniel. Not of noble birth by any right but simply a lady because, well I have a rather high opinion of myself. And you Haldir," in a few quick strides she was by his side. "Meleth nin." Mae govannen: well met Elleth: female elf Meleth nin: my love Author's Note: So what do you think? Please let me know. Thanks for reading!