He fixed her with a smile. Under normal circumstance he would have taken her hand him his for a moment but that hardly seemed appropriate for the moment and her palm was, after all, clad in thick leather gloves and curled loosely around the sword at her side. The dwarf exhaled besides him, " Don't we , Gimli?" Gimli looked up and coughed a little, "Well, Of course. We welcome help. Hm." was his rushed response; it would have been calm if it were not for his darting eyes. Legolas met Hadlir's eyes in silent amusement. The elleth, Leitwyn, watched the dwarf with something akin to interest in her eyes - caught the shuffle of his feet and watched obviously as two of his thick fingers twisted knots into his beard. Hadlir's eyes shone with humour at the girl's interest and Legolas could practically feel the irritated embarrassment rolling of the dwarf in waves. "You are a healer, Lady Leitwyn, is there anything I can do to aid your cause?" He spoke quietly. Her eyes glance back at his through her expression did not change. "There are few trained healers among us." She answered finally, her voice was thoughtful and grounded, a change from the usually aloof and songful elleths; she sounded sweet and yet decided on something far larger than could be read on her face. "If you could point me towards any women who might be of help I would be grateful, Prince Legolas." Legolas nodded. "They are being moved to safety. If you travel downwards you should meet them, though I cannot point you in a certain direction..." He trailed off. "I will manage," She commented with a firm nod, "Thank you Prince Legolas for your assistance. It was pleasant to meet you Gimli son of Glóin. " Gimli seemed to have lost his voice. She turned from them to Hadlir and spoke more quietly: "I shall see you before the chaos begins." And with that she strode easily away and Legolas did not miss how Gimli's eyes followed her. "My," Legolas said happily, "Are you sure that you dislike elves?" The dwarf grunted next to him and muttered: "I am sure at this moment I dislike you plenty enough." Hadlir smiled at the companions and felt that they lightened his heart somewhat: "Come now, we have much to discuss and little time." The sky was dark and the air thick when they were called for action. Leitwyn had let herself get distracted, so surprised by the hordes of human women offering their aid that she had become overwhelmed. She had very little experience of the human race and so rarely were they spoken about that she had allowed herself to assume them selfish. But then these women, some barely adults and others close to death, had offered themselves up so freely despite their fear and looming loss. Together they had gathered any healing herbs, any bandages that sat in the deserted houses of the city - Leitwyn had watched them scatter, weave in and out of the streets, unabashedly searching homes and returning one by one with shaking hands and fistfuls of medical supplies or anything at all that could be useful - bed sheets and alcohol and wood for splints. And Leitwyn had been so enraptured that now, as she hurried to take her place amongst the men, her eyes sought out a figure that she could not possibly abandon. "Hadlir!" She called out over the metal clad heads of the elves. They parted for her as her voice rang out loud above their low mutter. Quickly, outside of the settlements walls an angry noise had been rising. She saw him then, through the crowds and pushed closer. His kind face jerked backwards and forwards as he tried to get a better view of her. "Leitwyn!" She pushed closer still until her hand found his and she gripped his fingers, unable to get any closer, her view blocked partially still by soldiers, boys. " Mellonin ." She called over the noise. He watched her with bright eyes but she could not find what else to say. She had wanted to wish him strength and yet the word 'Goodbye' fought itself to the front of her brain. His hand felt heavy in hers - far heavier than it even had before; when she had gripped his hand as in elfling his grip had reminded her of feathers. This was like lead, and her tongue felt like lead and she was unsure of what to do. " Leitwyn ." She met his eyes again. She felt bewildered by the noise and the sudden uncertainty that gripped her heart. The noise around them rose further and still she could do nothing but stare. " Leitwyn..." She could hardly hear him against the sounds of anger now, could only catch words and watch his lips move, " Lle naa... Cormanin..." There was a cry around them, the men push for a second she lost his hand in the swarm of men. "My dear... I am proud." His lips said as she silently wish she could explain why it felt as though time had sped up incredibly fast, was dragging them towards something she could not see. Leitwyn heard voices above the crowd, trumpets and she knew it was time. Oh Hadlir, you are AD-orable. I wish he was my mentor/friend or whatever. Okay so that's chapter 1.1. I think I wrote 'Helm's Deep' way too much. I forgot to mention, there was be some differences from the books/films in terms of the elves departure. TRANSLATION (I forgot to put this in): Mellon = Friend, Mellonin = My friend, Nikerym = Captain, Arwenamin = My lady. The last piece of dialogue between Hadlir and Leitwyn is not supposed to really be translated - it's simply a broken up sentimental goodbye. Read into it what you will. Please leave a review and let me know what you think. Thanks for reading.