elf looked up at her brothers with her bright, though clearly exhausted eyes. "Why did you go away?" she asked innocently. The twins sighed. "We had to do something," Elladan said, wrapping his arms more tightly around the elfling and resting his chin on her golden head. "For Ada?" "No, for ourselves." Eleniel furrowed her eyebrows slightly in confusion at this, but nodded after a while. "You always go away." "Not always." "Well, no, but… its happened before." Elrohir nodded and sighed slightly. "Yes, it has," he said. "Nobody was very happy," Eleniel told them, closing her eyes as she started to feel weary. Elrohir smiled sadly. "No," he said, laying down on the bed. "Why?" "You will understand more when you are older," the older twin said as he lay down next to his brother, smiling in content when Eleniel crawled in between them and cuddled up to them both. "Everyone always says that," the elfling grumbled. Elrohir chuckled. "Don't get moody," he teased as he tickled her under her chin, eliciting a giggle. "Will you promise to never leave like that again? I don't like it when you go away," she whispered, keeping her face buried in Elladan's chest. This was a question she always asked. The twins had been expecting it, and, as usual, they told the same answer they always did. "No," Elladan said, "we cannot promise that. But, what we can promise, is that we will try. We will try our very bests." Eleniel nodded her head slowly, feeling sleep overcome her. "Le melin," she said quietly, before her eyes glazed over and she fell into a deep sleep. The twins smiled fondly and gazed at their sleeping sister. She was so beautiful. So kind and warm-hearted and just… so much like their mother. "And we love you," they whispered. Elrond had just finished helping the healers make up beds in the healing room, and to say the least, he was exhausted. Not that he hadn't been before; but he was pretty sure he was going to fall asleep where he was standing if he didn't get to his room any time soon. The elf lord had been slowly walking down the hall when he stopped outside his daughter's room, intending to go and check on her before he, finally, retired for the night… and probably most of tomorrow if he knew his advisor well. Making a mental note to check his jug of water for any sign of sleeping herbs, he turned to the young human who was waiting patiently beside him. The boy hadn't left his side since, following him around as he did his jobs. Smiling, he studied his son, noticing how he, too, looked very tired. He brought a hand to the teenager's cheek and leant down, placing a kiss on his forehead. "Go to sleep now tithen pen," he said. Estel nodded and hugged his father before turning to walk back down the corridor to his room, rubbing his eyes and yawning. Elrond watched his son around the corner before blinking and turning to open the door. To be quite honest, he wasn't completely surprised by the sight that met his eyes. Eleniel was sleeping soundly in the arms of her brothers, who had fallen asleep not long after their sister. Softly closing the door behind him, the elf lord moved closer to the bed and sighed. Like always, he was dreading the conversation that would take place with the twins tomorrow. He knew they were too… it wasn't likely at all that he'd be the only one to give them a lecture on everything they had done wrong. He didn't see the point though, really; it wasn't like they were going to stop. It wasn't something they did weekly, or even monthly. They'd leave whenever they felt like it, really. It was like something possessed them every once in a while… they weren't themselves at all, and a week after they'd return, they'd be back to their normal mischievous selves again, the topic never coming up until the next time they'd do it. He looked down at his children and felt so much love for them. No matter what his sons did, he would always love them. What they did was wrong; even they knew that. And afterwards, when they had snapped at Eleniel and knocked her over… that was purely out of anger. He knew they hadn't meant to do it, but it had still happened. He had been furious when she fell. His little girl didn't deserve to be the one they took their anger out on. Nobody did but themselves. He was just glad that they were safe. They had returned home yet again with nothing more than a few cuts and scratches, and he felt relief wash over him. They were safe… for now, at least, until they left again and he would have to worry about their safety once more. What could he do? There was nothing that would stop them. They needed to understand that what they were doing was hurting so many people. It was hurting him. There were more ways of dealing with their mother's death, but this was not one of them. They needed to stop. But they wouldn't. And that broke him. He just didn't know if he had the strength anymore to go through it again… Elvish used: Mellon nin – My friend Hir nin – My lord Ada – Dad/Daddy Elleth - Female elf Ion nin – My son Naneth – Mother Tithen fileg – Little bird Le melin – I love you Tithen pen – Little one I'm not entirely sure about this… even though I loved writing it! :D I just decided to write something in a genre I haven't wrote in before. Please review and tell me what you think :P (I think I'll just stick with fluffy fics after this one haha XD) Thank you so so so much for reading! ~ Gre3nleaf