jacket. He had not eaten for two days now and was terribly famished; the feeling of starving had gnawed on him ever since but in the recent events it had slipped his mind and now was returning irrevocably. There at the edge of a battle between men and Orcs the two hobbits sat in the dark and ate their elven cakes. Merry thought of the days in Lothlorien and the fairness of their hosts, the Lady Galadriel and the rich food they had had in the elven Wood. Never had they dared to think into what peril their paths would lead them, though they had known it would not be a save road to be treaded. The sweet flavour of the cakes raised their spirits and put vitality into them and Merry trailed away into oblivion for the presence but Pippin roused him soon out of his day-dream, reminding him to be off the sooner the better, then he crawled to the body of Grishnákh and got a long knife from him with which he cut their bonds. Finally they made their way; first they crawled, for their ankles and legs had been corded quite tightly and had left in them a sore aching-feeling.They crept on the sward towards the sound of flowing water which they guessed must be a swift river until they reached the banks of it. The cover of the night was about to lose its virtue and Pippin thought it best to get under better cover. He tried to get onto his feet and, when he discovered that they finally could cope with his weight he encouraged his older cousin to try it too; fortunately Merry could get up as well, and he was glad that they had had lembas before, for he was too sure that it had given him back the part of the strength that he had lacked so much in the last few days. Indeed he felt so much animated, even the sickness had left his belly. And so they walked along the riverbank and conversed with each other about the last days as only hobbits could do; for even as they knew that only serendipity had spared their lives, they took heed of the present only, pushing the ferocity and terror of their capture and the concentrated hate in the eyes of their captors away from their memories. For the most part Pippin spoke and Merry realized how much had passed by him in his poor health. Pippin told him about the quarrel between the Uruk-hai and the Orcs, that even a few got killed, and that the riders that had attacked them and that the goblins called 'Whiteskins' were in pursuit of them for quite some time. Pippin finally told him that his despair had mocked him with visions of Strider coming for their rescue, and that, in the shelter of the haze, he had even dropped his elven brooch as token of survival in honour of this deed; which was too unlikely to be real. "Now that we are safe at least of being killed by those Orcs," Pippin added "I hope the more it was just a mere vision and Strider still keeps an eye or two on good old Frodo and Sam." Merry felt even more proud of his cousin then before when he heard how he had risked his life by freeing his wrist-cords with the knife of a fallen Orc while the Orcs and Uruks were fighting each other. And even more than before he felt the need of being useful on his own, and he knew he could be finally, at least a little bit. He had eagerly studied the maps in Rivendell to learn their paths into Mordor and knew where they were, now that he saw the forest in front and the river coming out of it and also he knew the Orc's way had lead towards Isengard. It was Fangorn forest, as he noted, and even when he knew himself that they had been warned against Fangorn without Pippin stating it, he realized there were only two options left to them: Going into Fangorn or going back to the battle behind them. So they went into the dark woods. Out of the shadows the hobbits peeped, gazing back down the slope: little furtive figures that in the dim light looked like elf-children in the deeps of time peering out of the Wild Wood in wonder of their first dawn. The battle between the men and the Orcs were still in progress and while they watched they saw that some of the Uruks seemed to escape into the woods as well. Neither turning nor halting once more the both of them ran deeper into the forest. After a long while they stopped running and just went along the river in oppressive silence. Bereavement tore at their spirits. Even if they did not want to speak about it yet, for the grief was still too near, Boromir dwelled in their minds and it filled their beings with sadness. He had given his life to defend them. He most likely still lay there, in the midst of the carnage of slain foes. Never would they forget the honour of his sacrifice. They hoped with all their feelings that at least the rest of the fellowship had escaped. They wondered if they ever would see their friends again, in life or death. But the uncertainty could not be helped. Next to the awe they felt for Boromir's last battle, the anxiety of the fate of their friends, the third dominating feeling was thankfulness. Deeply were they thankful to the bliss that had helped them to survive this day, and on top of it all they survived it together. At least there was one thing in them that cheered them up. "Pippin," Merry said, turning his face to his cousin. "I love you." Pippin looked at him and smiled. "I know, Merry. I love you too."