a short gasp he rushed into wakefulness but his first attempt at rising was stopped by the vines that bound him. Stupidly he stared at his chest and legs but another piercing howl brought him rapidly to his senses. That scream was coming from Legolas. With frantic hands he undid his binds and without a further thought jumped… The silence was more frightening than the screams had been. With a racing heart Aragorn treaded water turning slowly, his harsh breathing made ripples on the water's surface. "Legolas," he whispered. His belly churned with fear. He let the light current pull him downriver, but as it did he spun around searching the surround, looking for any sign of his friend. But there was nothing, nothing but the still surface of the water. 00000000000000 Night came as it must and still he drifted in the still and silent waters. He dared not call out for he knew not what creatures lay in the murky flood that carried him along. And as the hours passed his hope of finding Legolas faded, but even as tears blurred his vision and sorrow, like lead, weighed his limbs, he saw shinning in the meagre moonlight, t bunched at the bole of a great tree, spun gold. It floated on the surface of the water like weed. Startled his reddened eyes travelled from the surface of the water up to the enormous creature that had the elf pinned against the bark of the tree. Half in and half out of the water it stood, its thin, stick like legs straddling the elf. There was some strange thing, very like a hollow reed jutting out from its undercarriage. And this thing was jammed deep into the elf's belly. Wet sucking sounds came from that appendage. Feeding, it was feeding on the elf's lifeblood. A blood curdling scream broke the silence of the night, a scream of fear and rage. Thrashing madly Aragorn began to swim with frantic strokes towards the thing, for he had noted that Legolas dangled loosely like a child's toy from the monster's grasp. He gave no thought to its nightmare visage or even how to defeat it for he had no weapon. Rage indeed, blinded him. But it was fortunate for the ranger that this monster, that normally lived in the deeps of the riverbed hunted by stealth alone, for despite its bulk it was a coward to its heart and culled the solitary, weak or unwary only. The wild noises and frenzied movements of the ranger at its unprotected flank gave it pause. Loving its own hide more than its sweet dinner it abruptly released the elf and slid away with a hasty plop into the water. With shaking hands and fluttering heart Aragorn clasped the weightless elf to his breast. Legolas was cold, his coal black lashes like dead wings against his cheeks. "Nooo," stuttered Aragorn, "noooooooooooooooooo." He climbed, though hours before he could not have done it. Higher and higher he went, the body of his friend draped upon his back. There was no goal in his mind but to get out of the reaches of the flood. But before long, fatigue caught up to him and he collapsed with his precious bundle among the branches. 000000000000000 The sun's light filtered down upon the tussled brown hair of a wearily sleeping young man. The dappled light played upon his hollow cheeks and sunken lids. The broken beams caught and reflected the shine of long strands of gold that had intertwined with his for against his chest lay an elven head lost to dark somnolence. The sun had just reached its zenith when one of these children opened his eyes. With the rising of his chest the elf slumped against him, slipped lower onto his lap. The movement brought back to Aragorn the horror of the night gone by. Tears came unbidden to his eyes and he brushed lank strands away from Legolas' brow. He wiped away tears that fell on the eldar's face. "Forgive me friend Greenleaf, for I have brought this doom upon you," he whispered and he hid his face behind the screen of his hands. Long did he lament, even unto the waning of the sun. But finally he ceased for there were no more tears left. No hunger did he feel or thirst. He arranged Legolas's limbs carefully and clasping him about the chest proposed to sleep once more. But sleep would not find him and the rising of the moon found him wide eyed and keening. His sounds of lament turned eventually to song. Low and beautiful was his voice and the tree upon which they lay swayed in time to his dirge. It was this rocking that at last sent him into deep slumber. While Aragorn slept a strange thing happened. Mayhap it was some distant memory of better times that pushed the tree into motion or simply some instinct long buried, but young strong branches within reach of the elf wrapped themselves gently around him and removed him from Aragorn's slack fingers. Up and up the branches passed him until he was thrust into the light of the moon. The moon beams glittered along his body and soon his skin began to shine. Legolas felt the life return to him and with it the pain and horror of the attack. His hands flew to his belly but the wound he had received there was already closed. Slowly he sat up and as he did the branches released him from their hold. He looked around him with wonder for a moment, but the branches had not finished their work. Slowly they parted and prodded him forward. Down he went until he came to the forked branches where Aragorn slept. "Hannon le" he whispered to the great tree and bowed his head in thanks. And then he sat as near to the ranger as he could and waited for dawn, the promise of a new day.