rinsed the obviously clean dishes for the fifth time Aragorn laughed outright. Startled the youth leapt up poised like a frightened deer. Aragorn smothered his mirth and help up his hands in a gesture of peace. " Amin hiraetha," said Aragorn. " Gohenan nin." The boy clutched the wet dishes to his chest undone by Aragorn's words. His mouth moved but no sound emerged. His blue eyes were wide in surprise and fear. Aragorn did not move but continued to speak, " Iston edhel le, I ven thaed le." " Man le?" the elf whispered in a trembling voice. " Im Aragorn ned Imladris," Aragorn answered "Man eneth lín?" he asked. The elf shook his head slowly, " Ú èrin eneth, "he answered as though in a dream. Aragorn shook his head, "You must have a name." "If I did once I do not remember it… I do not remember many things," the elf said. "And what of your people?" persisted the ranger. " Ú èrin gwaith," he responded, his face a mask of confusion. "You must have come from somewhere?" the ranger insisted. "Finlorn and Talen are my people," his voice was trembling. "No mellon nin , you are elf kind, you have a home." "My home is here." Aragorn sighed and the man and elf stared at each other. "How did you hurt your leg?" Aragorn asked finally. The elf shook his head and did not reply. "At least let me take a look at it, I am a healer." The elf took two steps back in alarm. Seeing his sudden panic Aragorn held up both hands in a placating gesture. But the elf was already spooked and he made his way back to the camp as fast as his metal shoe allowed. Sighing Aragorn hoisted the full bags to his shoulder and walked slowly over to the mare. He deposited them on the ground at her side and patted her on the rump. He knew he had pushed too quickly with the elf. Aragorn watched the sun set and when the sky was dark he walked around the small encampment. He was looking for the best place to bed down for the night. He wanted a clear view of the river bed yet did not relish sleeping on the cold stones near to the river. As he moved about the elf's eyes followed him.He finally settled on a spot not too far from the warmth of the fire but in plain view of the river. He undid his cloak lay it on the ground. He removed his coat and used it to cushion his head. On the other side of the fire Finlorn snored softly and the elf was curled up on the ground not too far from him apparently asleep. Aragorn closed his eyes. 000 The sound came again and this time woke the ranger. He flew upright hand leaping to the hilt of his sword, senses alert to danger. He climbed to his feet head cocked eyes scanning the darkness. The fire had burned low and only cooling embers glowed. Then he heard the sound again, a scrape of metal on stone and a smothered sound of pain. Aragorn slowly approached the source of the disturbance, sword at the ready. But he did not have to go very far. The elf was writhing on the ground in agony. " Man na den?" Aragorn asked dropping to his knees next to the elf. He put up his sword quickly, the healer in him coming to the fore. "Leg," whispered the elf between gritted teeth. He was curled up on his side panting as his leg spasmed painfully. Every time it jerked, the metal shoe around his foot banged against the ground. Aragorn caught the foot and held it steady as the leg twitched again. The elf's breath hitched at the sudden action and he kicked against Aragorn trying to ease the pain, unable to stop his leg's uncontrollable movement. "Relax," Aragorn said to him. "Lie back and it will pass." The metal shoe in his hands was heavy. He skimmed the rough surface of it with his fingers seeking the catch that would open the thing and free the elf's foot. Instead his fingers encountered a small keyhole. With a sigh of frustration Aragorn reached for the small paring knife he kept tucked in the scabbard of his sword. He inserted the tip into the hole and tried to trip the lock. It was no mean feat to do so while keeping the elf's foot steady, for still in terrible pain he thrashed continuously. His hands beat the air, unintentionally slapping the ranger about the head and shoulders. "Be calm, be calm," Aragorn soothed. "I am here to help you." But the elf had long gone past that stage of reason. He was in full blown agony. So Aragorn did the only thing he could in that situation. He knocked him unconscious. As the elf went limp, the tip of Aragorn's knife flipped the tumbler that opened the lock. With a creak the shoe sprang open. Tossing it to one side Aragorn scooped him up and crossed quickly to the fireside. He placed the elf on the ground and stoked the cooling embers till they blazed for he needed to see clearly. The elf's foot was bleeding it was mottled blue and purple and stank of metal. Aragorn felt along the thin bones, searching for any breaks but there were none. But as he squeezed the instep the elf gave a low moan. With a sigh Aragorn sat back on his heels; it was going to be a long night. Amin hiraetha……….I am sorry Gohenan nin………..forgive me Iston edhel le, I ven thaed le………….I know you are an elf, let me help you Im Aragorn ned Imladris….I am Aragorn of Rivendell Man eneth lín………. What is your name Ú èrin eneth …….I have no name Ú èrin gwaith,……………I have no people Man na den?...What is it?