to me – apart from the times you're shouting at me for something I haven't even done wrong, and when you informed me that I would be going to my first council meeting – and, I don't know… I guess you just seem so angry all the time… and upset… I don't like seeing you upset… or the twins for that matter. They've been acting the same…" Elrond took all this in before dropping his hands and turning, going to pick up his wine. "Eleniel, you said it yourself. You know what time of the year it is." "But why should I have to suffer for something that barely affects me?" the elleth blurted out, widening her eyes once she realised what she had said. Elrond looked at his daughter. "What happened to your mother doesn't affect you?" he whispered, not quite believing what he'd heard. Had he had too much wine? Eleniel furrowed her eyebrows, thinking for a moment, before replying. "Not as much as it does you, Ada, or Dan and Ro. I… I never got to meet her. How can I miss someone I have never met? I wish I had seen her, and I wish I could remember her face without looking at paintings, but I can't," she said, tears beginning to well up in her eyes. Celebrian's eyes, the elf lord had always told her. Seeing this, Glorfindel stepped forward, placing a hand on Eleniel's shoulder, and looked up at his lord, waiting to hear his reply. Elrond had two halves of his mind at this moment in time – one half telling him that his daughter was right; that she never got to share the amazing moments and memories with Celebrian as he and his sons did and so how could she miss her as much as they? But then there was the other half. The other half that was shouting at him and telling him that Celebrian was her mother, and she should miss her, no matter the circumstances. And unfortunately for everyone, this half was the one that took over. "Do you not love your mother? She gave you your life," he practically growled. Eleniel subconsciously stepped back into Glorfindel, who placed a protective arm partially around her chest. "Of course I love her, Ada, you know I do!" "It does not sound like it. Glorfindel, please wait outside while I speak to my daughter." The balrog-slayer shook his head. "No," he said, "I will not leave her alone, Elrond." "She will not be alone, Glorfindel," the elf lord said, but again, the blond warrior refused. Elrond stared at his friend. "I am the lord of Imladris and you will do as I say. Why will you not listen to me?" "Because my vow to protect your daughter is stronger than my vow to listen to you," Glorfindel said with no hesitation, standing his ground. "Protect her? Protect her from what?" Elrond asked, before he noticed the strong arm around Eleniel's chest and the way she had backed into him. Realisation hit him like a tonne of bricks. "You… you think I am going to hurt her?" Silence. Elrond couldn't believe what he was hearing. Never had he hurt any of his children and never would he! Elladan, Elrohir, Arwen, Estel and Eleniel were the lights of his life and he would never lay a hand on any of them. To see that one of his oldest friends and beloved daughter didn't know this broke his heart. "Glorfindel, you know I would never hurt her," he said in a hoarse whisper. Glorfindel nodded, though not quite sure yet. "I know, Elrond, I know you wouldn't. But you are not you right now, and so I must stay to be sure." Elrond found himself almost crying. They didn't trust him. They didn't trust him not to hurt his daughter. The elf lord suddenly became angry. With himself. What was he doing to himself? What was he doing to his family? Looking at the glass of wine that he had was clutching tightly in his hand, Elrond turned and threw it with as much force as he could, hearing the glass shatter against the wall and watching the ruby red liquid fall to the floor. Spinning around, he picked up a book and, with a growl, threw that too. Glorfindel turned to Eleniel and gently pushed her towards the door. "Go, Eleniel," he said, before running to calm his friend down. Eleniel hurried out of the door, shutting it behind her, before walking down the corridor and away from her father's study. She could feel her heart pounding inside her chest, and she suddenly felt quite dizzy. Making her way over to a blue velvet chair that had been placed a little further up the corridor, the elleth quickly sat down and leant back, feeling tears flow from her eyes. She couldn't stand it anymore. Every year she counted down the days until her brothers and father would start acting like this. The twins weren't as bad as Elrond, sadness usually taking over their minds rather than anger, but Elrond… thinking about it, he was quite confusing. He did try. To stay away from everyone and grieve by himself. But by her visiting him and bringing up the subject of her mother, she had made him angry. It was her fault he had done that. Maybe everyone would just be better off if she left. Eleniel looked up, tear marks running from her eyes and down her pink cheeks. If she left. That wasn't a completely horrible idea. Elvish used: Ada – Dad/Daddy Peredhil – Half-elven Hir nin – My lord Elleth - Lady Nana – Mum/Mummy Lle holma ve' edan – You smell like a human Llie n'vanima ar' lle atara lanneina – You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny Tithen fileg – Little bird First chapter done, now onto the next! Thanks so much for reading! Please review! :D ~ Gre3nleaf