his bones creaking against one another as her nails bit into his flesh. "Shut up!" Sparrow snapped. Frodo was taken back by this. Sparrow rarely raised her voice unless she was kidding around. Now, though, she was deadly serious. And so, he sat down in silence until he realized how badly Sparrow was starting to hurt his wrist. He was a little worried that she might break his hand; he didn't doubt she could. "Sparrow," the lad began again tenderly, this time she didn't cut him off. "It's okay. This is just one of Bilbo's jests. He's not gone." Frodo thought it sounded as if her were trying to convince himself of that rather than Sparrow. The redhead let go of Frodo and shook her head. "Th-that's not what I'm afraid of..." Her voice cracked, unshed tears magnified her eyes slightly. Frodo wrapped her tightly in a hug. "It'll be alright." he whispered. Frodo - this being a party for him, too; his Coming of Age party - felt it his duty to calm the rabble of uncertain and slightly frightened Hobbits. This task took about an hour to complete and, while Sparrow trailed along beside him, she did little to help - instead staying inside her own thoughts and muttering to herself as she clutched the jacket Frodo had placed around her shoulders tightly. Between his encounters with others, attempting to convince them this was all just a childish prank, Frodo could hear the redhead whisper, "Not now. Please , Manwe, let this be anything else." or "What am I going to do? I-I can't, I just can't..." Frodo never knew Sparrow to be dramatic, so whatever she was talking about must have been pretty important. She and Bilbo had been rather good friends and he was always there to help her out of a tight spot; maybe she was in such a position now? It wasn't his business, though, so he didn't ask. A few minutes later, Peregrin Took came to him. Sparrow had much recovered from the initial shock. Pippin thanked Frodo for the invitation to the party. Frodo in turn asked if Pip would mind him walked home with them to make sure Sparrow would be okay. It wasn't a long while before the three were at the Took smial. Pippin once again thanked and went inside. "Sparrow," Frodo said; "Are you going to be alright?" Sparrow managed a little laugh. "Of course. Why wouldn't I be?" If she had said this to any one else, they would have believed her. But Frodo knew her better. All the little signs told him she wasn't okay: her shoulders weren't squared fully, her arms hung stiffly by her sides, and her knees were locked tightly. Sparrow saw his disbelief and rolled her eyes. "I'll be fine. It was just a bit of a shock to us all." Frodo nodded. Those little signals still stood out too brightly. "It's late. I'm going to bed now." Sparrow said firmly, drawing the lad out of his concerned thoughts. "Yes, yes, right." Frodo shook his head. This was Sparrow Took they were talking about. If she simply looked at a dragon, the beast would walk away with its tail between its legs. She would be alright. Frodo placed a brotherly peck on her cheek. "Rest well," Sparrow gave a little nod of acknowledgement and went inside. Frodo sighed and began the walk to Bag End. He wouldn't admit it - not even to himself - but he secretly wished he would find Bilbo there, making a pot of tea and smiling gaily. "I got you, didn't I?" he would ask with an even bigger grin. Before he knew it, Frodo was back at the large Hobbit hole. With a breath of anticipation, he put his hand on the large golden knob in the center of the green turn, another inhalation to calm his anxiety, and he opened the door. Directly on the ground in front of him lay Bilbo's golden ring. The lad frowned. Bilbo loved that ring, why would he leave it? Frodo looked up. Gandalf sat smoking his pipe, lost in thought, by the hearth fire. A sickening thought struck the Hobbit. "He's gone, hasn't he? He talked so long about leaving. I didn't think he would actually do it..." The wizard's head jerked up and he plastered a smile on his face. "He left you his ring." Gandalf pulled out an envelope from his robes. He gestured for Frodo to put the ring inside and the lad did. Gandalf sealed it with red wax and handed back to the Halfling. "Bilbo has gone to stay with the Elves. He's left you Bag End and all his possessions. The ring is yours now. Keep it somewhere out of sight." Gandalf added. He stood and gathered his hat and staff. "Wait, are you going?" Frodo questioned, following after the wizard as he went to the door. "I must." the wizard replied. "But you've only just arrived!" the Halfling pointed out. "There are things I must do," Gandalf explained. "What things?" Frodo inquired. "Questions that need answers," he continued, ignoring the question. "What questions?!" Gandalf turned to the Hobbit. "Keep it secret. Keep it safe." With that, Gandalf left with in a sweep of grey material. Frodo looked at the off-white envelope in his hands, frowning. He just shrugged. He himself was a bit drunk, who's to say Gandalf wasn't, too? Frodo put the envelope on the hearth and went off to bed, praying in his heart that Bilbo hadn't left and this all just a bad dream. ******END****** A/N: So, liked it? Hated it? Maybe somewhere in between? Let me know in a review! Don't forgot, I love suggestions and anything you request, I'll make sure the others in the audience know it was your idea! I'd also love it if you tell me what I can improve on so I can better please YOU! Thank you all for reading! -Lathiel