in the noble Lord studied every inch of Legolas, looking for some clues which could prompt him details of the ordeal the child was through. The frightened, haunted expression on his face was a proof enough that the road he has underwent exhausted him completely and robbed him of any hope he had left. Elrond did not miss the irony in the leader's voice earlier. He wondered what he had been referring to, yet looking at the boy now, Elrond could not tell whether the suspicions gathering in his head were correct or not. And then there was the leather collar, a device one would not fasten even on a dog's nape. Elrond's brow furrowed. "To be honest, I have no idea what to do with you. We do not adhere to slavery in Imladris," Elrond told the Elf, extending a hand to touch his face. Seeing it, Legolas flinched, but forced himself under control to be able to reply. "I will do my best, Master, I swear… I will do whatever you order me, Master, it is..." Legolas hesitated. "It is what?" the Lord asked quietly. "It's what I am here for, Master," came the quiet response. That answer was worrying indeed. Elrond decided to give this matter some more thought before pursuing it further. He reached with his hands instead to untie the cruel leather, but the movement made the terrified elfling back away from the immediate reach, even against his will to stay still and prove to be an obedient, good slave. Elrond saw real panic in the youngster's eyes, so he stopped his hands in the air, holding them well visible, palms up, and whispered soothingly. "I mean no harm. I just want to take off that wretched thing." Legolas obviously didn't believe him, as his reaction was merely to stand where he stood for a long moment, fighting the upcoming tears and the will to bolt through the door and run for his life. Finally, with enormous effort, his body moved forward, his head bent and he surrendered himself to whatever blow would come. He couldn't stop shaking and he closed his eyes, trying to cut himself off the reality. Elrond fought the sudden, wild urge to just grab him and hold fiercely, whispering that all will be well from now on; such a gesture would be undoubtedly misunderstood and would bring only more damage. Instead, slowly, but with certainty, Elrond brushed the matted hair out of the way and delicately worked with the clamp of the collar. It came off with difficulty, the leather hard and sturdy, but finally Elrond had it in his hand. What he saw under the leather was a wide stripe of violet and blue bruises, covering the entire neck with an unmistakable pattern of a harsh, thick rope. Legolas lifted one hand to his neck, touching the abrasions and nursing his aching flesh, almost disbelieving that Elrond kept his word and undid the collar. He took a deeper breath and gasped silently at the pain it still caused. "I will put you under Erestor's care for now." (2) Lord Elrond began quietly. He signaled to an Elf standing in the doorway. "He is my head of household and will find you proper lodging and such. For today I want you to rest, and we will see about tomorrow, alright? Good. Now go on, my Elves will lead you." He reached slowly again and stroked the fair head of the newest citizen of Imladris. That elicited a flinch as well, but not as violent as the ones before, and Legolas recalled to surrender to the stroking hand faster this time around. The unexpected caress was completely confusing, and not knowing what to do, the slave attempted to kneel again. He was gently stopped by Elrond's hands. He saw his Master shaking his head. "You do not have to kneel before me, Legolas." Silence. A strange stare. A few rapid blinks. But then, as if coming to a decision, Legolas bowed, the lowest he could; then, turning away from his Master, he started walking. Just to be certain that he did the right thing, or maybe just disbelieving, he glanced behind at his new keeper. He saw him smile and nod. Totally confused, he left the hall as quickly as he was able to without showing the injured ankle. His new Master and the blond Elf at the table exchanged meaningful looks while watching him walk away. (1) laer is sindarin name of summer. I used sindarin here as Legolas would rather use this language than quenya. The Elves counted seasons differently, there were six of them in each year. Here they are: spring, summer, fall, dusk, winter, thaw. In quenya: tuil ë, lair ë , y â vi ë , quell ë , hr í v ë and coir ë . In sindarin: ethuil, laer, iavas, firith, rh î v and echuir . (2) We know little about Erestor. In some fics authors prefer to portrait him as a more noble chief councilor, but I have chosen another approach and made him a head of Elrond's household. That's why he seems to have lower status and be more casual, carefree character. (3) I say in advance: please forgive me if the exact Elvish words or names will mean the same in English, but sound differently; as far I have the books and appendixes only in Polish and I need to translate it roughly. (4) NOTE ON TIME: I will be using names of the days and short seasons of the year in Sindarin and I will be sticking to the Elven calendar, but in few places you will find the measures of time like "two weeks" or "two months". I decided to leave it to make the story easier to follow. The Elven week has six days and they don't have months stricte at all, so it would be difficult to keep track of the timeline on the long run.