"And who are you calling a she-elf? Is that suppose to mean something to me?" "Their human? funny I thought they were elves if it weren't for their strange clothing."one rather small man-child looking entity spoke up, he was barefooted, a little on the fat side with his bags carrying all sorts of pots and pans. "They are not elves."a rich deep voice sounded and Alex had to glance to her right to find the owner of the voice. His tall, a lot taller than Paul, his eyes an icy silvery blue piercing has he glared at her with his arrow raised aimed for her. Broad shoulders framed with the funniest polo she had ever seen on guy, his hair rich golden slick straight running past his shoulders with half tied up in neat braids. If it weren't for his abnormal pointed ears she would have thought him hot. "Oh my.." Paul muttered completely enamored by the gorgeous specimen of a man standing infront of Alex. Only he was not a man but an elf. "Who are you people and where are we?" Alex asked again, breaking the tension. Seeing as they offer no threat, Aragorn placed his sword back to its hilt and took step forward, raising one his palms in a sign of peace. "You are in middle earth milady, we are a company of nine on a perilous journey that I do not think you are welcome to." Alex stared at the man. He obviously hasn't showered in a long time, His hair a dark brown reaching his shoulders. The stare was a little too long for comfort and Alex raised one brow to clarify if the man was indeed serious about what he just said and how he said it. Seeing as she would not get any more from the strange man, she burst out laughing. "Are you serious? Tell me you are not serious! Is this some sort of reenactment?" gesturing to all the nine companions weirdly dressed, all talking in old english. "Milady we do not know what you are talking about. Did you hit your head?" One of the small man-child supplied. Paul stared at his surroundings finally coming to terms with what just happened, It couldn't be! Could it? He thought looking at his surroundings and finally staring at each of the men and children around him. "Alex, I think they are telling the truth." "What? Is this some sort of a dream? Did We travel back in time? Beacuse this is not funny at all Paul." Whipping her head to give her long time friend a good lecturing. This couldn't be happening! And who are these people?! "Let us get going, they do not mean harm. Leave them be. We have revealed ourselves too much." The elderly commanded, starting back from were they have just came from while the rest slowly followed. "Wait! Hey wait up!" Alex stumbled after them, "You couldn't just leave us here! We don't know where we are!" She half shouted hoping that these weird group would at least take pity on them and point them to the nearest highway so they could get help, and a much needed shower. "You are two days ride away from Rivendell, but I highly doubt Lord Elrond would provide you with the hospitality that you much desire. This are dangerous times milady, I suggest you go back where you came from." The elderly man answered her, not even bothering to look behind him and continued walking ahead. "But see that is the problem. We don't even know how we got here. Wherever 'here' is." Gesturing around her, seeing Paul also scurrying up to her. "You honestly do not know where you are? Or the dangers that lurk in the forest, especially after dark?" The elderly man clarified, finally stopping in his tracks to look back at the peculiar pair. How is it that these two, if they were telling the truth, was able to travel through dimensions without them knowing, to a time that is about to witness one of the greatest battle between good and evil. "No." Finally ctaching up her breath, how can this old man be able to walk that fast? "Please. We don't know where else to go and we don't know anyone." Begging was not her finest talent, but she would gladly beg to go with these strangers just so she would not be forced to spend the night in the forest. Gandalf stared her down, obviously believing the poor girl and her companion. They looked worse for wear. Glancing around him, he saw Aragorn nod confirming his decision to let them travel with them until they find a suitable place where they would be able to leave them behind. "Alright." Tranfering his staff from his left hand to his right, "you can come along, gather whatever belongings you have. Remember that it is your decision to come with us, it will be our rules and decisions you should follow. If at any point you both become a nuisance to us we will leave you behind." Swiflty turning around and continuing his walk back to camp. "Aye aye captain!" Alex and Paul answered, saluting for effect. The elderly man was indeed bossy. AN. there you have it! My first lotr fic. And its a mary sue, legomance, 10th and 11th walker fic!;) so sue me. Yes, alex nor paul do not know where they are. They do not know anything about the ring, or the story and they do not know anyone. She doesn't have any superpowers nor does she become an elf. A regular bitch and her gay friend thrown into the world of lotr. Apologies for the grammar, i just wrote this down, spontaneously i might add, hurriedly on my ipad to avoid loosing the story in my head and decided to upload it to see if anyone wants this story continued. Reviews are most welcome!;) will be following the movie plot mostly.