but when I got there there was no one alive but a tall Elf with silver blond hair, He had two twin blades in his hands with elven armor different from the ones lying dead on the ground. His armor was also covered in orc blood, when I stepped fully out of my forest he looked up seeing me for the first time he had a faraway look on his face. His light blue almost gray eyes was looking at me but wasn't registering it, he then collapsed I quickly ran to his side and asked an ent to send word for some men to clean up the mess and to burn the orc bodies but send the dead elves back to their home with word that one is in no place to travel because of healing. I called for my old friend which happens to be a unicorn name Eglantine or wild rose with a ebony horn and coat also mane and tail. I tossed the ellon on top of her and climbed on after making sure he was sitting up right and told her to ride. When we reached my home which was a little cabin since I don't use the palace only for guests or celebrations and when I don't need to heal someone and keep them away from others just in case they are danger to my people. I started healing him after taking off his armor which sucked because elven armor always does and so does dwarf unless it's Mithril then that's good. Fairy armor is the best armor there is but no one can get a hold of it unless you know a fairy but now we are thought of as legends since we disappeared. We could see the future and the past and we send some things to lady Galadriel about the future. We can also heal forests and make fairy dust of course but we don't use it for flying we uses it for a lot of things like healing, knocking people out, giving someone a gift, fighting, magic, and other things like fireworks. I looked at the warrior seeing past the glamour he has to hide the fire of a fire drake. I washed off the blood from his chest wounds. He has muscle but wasn't like buff and no chest hair. His skin was pale and had very little scars on it. I rinsed out the bloody cloth to clean out the blood and went on wiping down his chest. I then waved my hand and his bottoms was changed to non bloody leggings. I patched him up and when I was done I looked at the scar on his face that marred one eye. I gently touched the scar feeling the pain it causes him. When I traced it to the bottom a hand grabbed my wrist and I looked shocked into a light blue eye and a white cloudy blind eye. "What are you doing? Who are you and where am I?" the ellon spoke since I didn't understand what he was saying I just looked at him with a confused look. When I tilted my head to one side and looked at him a strand of my pure gold hair showed without me knowing since I did have a scarf over my hair. He looked at me and we just stared at each other him noticing the strand of hair he had reached his free hand up and yanked down the scarf without me knowing it. "What are you?" he spoke in common tongue. "I am a fairy, I brought you to my home in the forest." I said also in common tongue. He looked shocked but then hid it quickly. We then got closer and closer throughout the days of his healing and when he was fully healed. I showed him my gardens and my kingdom, taught him fairy and we ended up falling in love but he never told me his name and I never asked. He was to me a Dragon Warrior and to my people a King but what we didn't know was that when the time came for him to return to his people that it would be the last time my people would see their King and I would not see my husband anymore. Chapter Nine FLASHBACK OVER. We smiled sadly at everyone and Thrandy said " I thought she had died since when I did return there was ruins and I saw her bloody and I saw that she was dead and I carried her to a cave that we would go to since it was filled with all kinds or fairy treasure and I used fairy dust to make her a stone table that represented her and I laid her on it mourned and closed the cave hiding it from the Darkness not knowing that she was truly alive." "I wanted to move and tell him I was alive but I couldn't my Uncle had poisoned his blade and it was something that can make someone seem dead like spider venom but different." I had tears in my eyes at the memory Thrandy pulled me tighter into him and Cellum and Leggy comforted me also. Everyone soon just got up and comforted me and made sure I was alright. I smiled at them and leaned against Thrandy. "Well this is just swell being sad when there is food in front of me." I smiled and everyone laughed. I just ate and even feed Nidhug and he did the same with me. I was truly happy and proud to call these people m family and it's amazing how we get along because of me and what happened to my people. We make our kingdoms stronger and we make each other stronger. I am Rose Tatiana Queen of Fairies and of the Forgotten, Queen of Greenwood the Great. And I bid you a very fond farewell. This is not THE END.