the melody picked up speed. It sped faster, and faster, and the elleth began to dance faster and faster, twirling and swaying in place. When the kettle drum suddenly boomed behind her, she leapt forward and tumbled into a roll. The dancer came up smoothly as a churning wave, and the drum boomed again. Legolas thought of thunder and a tumultuous sea as she jumped, cartwheeled, and somersaulted back to her blades. She leapt into a forward roll, coming up between the swords. Her hands clasped around the hilts at just the right time. A second later, she pushed hard off of the ground, drawing out the blades and moving into a back-flip that carried her almost ten feet. The elleth met the ground with her swords parallel to it, performing a handspring that landed her back among her companions. Then, with a beat of the kettle drum, the elleth performed a twin strike with her swords. Another beat saw her bringing the weapons out to her right in a dual-bladed slash that Legolas had no doubt would have bisected an enemy. A final beat of the drum sounded, and the elleth stopped moving. She held her left-handed sword behind her back over her left shoulder- where, Legolas surmised, she would have caught an incoming strike- and her right-handed sword was held straight out in front of her in a forceful thrust. Most of her weight was centered over her right leg, which she had sunk onto so that her knee was bent at an acute angle; her left leg was almost fully extended out to her side. A heartbeat passed. Then the kettle drum rang one more time, and the elleth relaxed, crossing the blades before her and bowing her head again. The instrumentalists rose as one, their instruments in their arms, and turned toward the forest. Finally, after the instrumentalists had departed, the elleth raised her head. Her silver eyes flashed open, hazy with the pulse-pounding excitement of the dances. She extended both swords out to her sides, and then took a knee in an unmistakable bow. Then she rose again and exited the clearing after her companions. Silence reigned for several moments before hushed whispers broke out all through the gathering. Legolas turned to Abriel just as she turned to him. He would never know what made him do it, but he later supposed that it was the fault of the sensuality of the dance and the liberation provided by the Dorwinion that made him gather the nerve to lean down and kiss Abriel gently on her mouth. When they parted and opened their eyes a second later, the people had broken into enthusiastic applause for the return of the raven-haired elleth and her companions. Legolas did not let go of Abriel's hand as he turned and saluted the dancer and the musicians. A few seconds passed, and then Thranduil stood and raised his hands once more. Silence fell much more gradually over the populace, this time. "A stunning performance," he said to the raven-haired elleth, sounding slightly breathless. She bowed her head modestly. "We thank you, Aran Thranduil, for allowing us to perform," she returned. "We are grateful that you were willing to allow us to share a part of our culture with you and your people." Thranduil nodded with a smile, and then addressed the populace. "My people, I give you Lady Dínenweth and her companions!" A cheer went up among the elves who were gathered in the clearing as Dínenweth and her entourage turned and bowed. Legolas briefly closed his eyes, and then smiled down at Abriel when he felt her squeeze his hand. When he finally returned to his chambers in the wee hours of the morning, Legolas fell asleep with a smile on his face and the beat of a drum in his heart. Kudos to anyone who managed to catch the 'Saga of the First King' reference. Muindor-nin - 'My (blood) brother'. Elleth - 'She-elf'. Sirien - 'Daughter of the Stream'. Abriel's surname, denoting her parentage. Adarion - 'Son of Father'. A patrolman of Greenwood and Eldawen's husband. Eldawen - 'Elf-maiden'. A patrolman of Greenwood and Adarion's wife. Baranlas - 'Red-gold Leaf'. An elf of Lothlorien. Dorwinion - A potent wine made in the country southeast of Greenwood. Aran - 'King'. Dínenweth - 'Silent Shadow'. An elleth who has come as an emissary to Greenwood. A note on Samhain and a few of its traditions: The word 'Bonefire' is not a typo. The word is actually a precursor to the common 'bonfire', and refers to the large fires built in traditional Samhain and Beltane celebrations. People would throw bones and antlers into the fires. When the fires were lit, all other fires would be doused, and then each family would relight their hearth fire using a brand from the bonefires. Also, in a ritual of purification, the people would walk between two bonefires, and would sometimes drive cattle between them, as well. To perform divinations, people would peel apples and toss the skins over their shoulders; the shapes the peels formed would be examined to see if they formed the first letter of the name of the peeler's future spouse. Nuts were roasted on the hearth and then their movements were interpreted; if the nuts stayed together, so would the couple. Also, egg whites were dropped into water to determine the number of future children. Some of these things would also be determined by the actions of crows when they were chased by children. In some cultures, Samhain is also a festival of the dead, in which the dead are honored and gods of the dead are prayed to. I do realize that the elves would not likely use the word Samhain, but I found that it might be appropriate. After all, Tolkien never states the name for such a thing. Hope you all enjoyed it, and I would greatly appreciate any feedback you may have. Thank you for reading! -Fanatic