shortly, my friend. A sound interrupted my sleep and I need to find out what it was." Ëarhín raised an eyebrow. "What do you hear?" "The Sea." Ëarhín rolled his eyes at the vague answer. Of course he heard the Sea, he thought irritably. He always hears the Sea! "What do you hear in the sea?" he asked patiently. "I hear nothing." "If you listen closely enough, you can hear him," he replied. Ëarhín's confusion cleared instantly and a small smile appeared on his face. By him , he knew, Círdan meant Ulmo, Lord of the Waters. Grasping the hand in return, he stepped out of his lord's way. "Go, my lord. I understand and will await your return." Círdan nodded, briefly resting his palm against the younger Elf's cheek – for he knew that Ëarhín looked out for him constantly – and headed his way. Ëarhín watched him go up the beach with a tolerant smile. At a leisurely pace, he began to make his way towards the northern watch tower to keep an eye out for Círdan when he returned. He had been alarmed at seeing his lord rise so early – Círdan normally woke three or four hours after midnight since he loved to spend the beginning of his day simply gazing up the stars and nothing else. Ëarhín knew that his lord had done so since long ago when he had first awoken and that watching them never failed to relax him. And it was at that time when Círdan would rise to go about his walk that Ëarhín would leave from his shift. Though Ëarhín was too senior in rank to be officiated the bore of guard duty, he frequently volunteered himself for the night shift of guarding his lord's house. His request was always met without argument, for he was the Lord of the Havens' closest friend. But Ëarhín believed the acceptance of his request to guard Círdan's home went deeper than that; he believed that he was really the only Elf brave enough to do so. Many were wary around Círdan and tended to unconsciously walk on eggshells when he was in the vicinity. Not because of fear, but because of the uncertainty they felt when Círdan was near them. Círdan was not the type of Elf that people tended to feel comfortable around or to befriend like they would with Elrond, Ëarhín knew, briefly wondering how the Lord of Imladris was faring. He would have to send him a letter sometime soon, he thought. Elrond possessed a soul as kind as Summer and a gentleness, which belied his kingly venerability, that often persuaded people to drop their guard and trust him. That wasn't to say that Círdan was the opposite, for he was kind of heart and spirit and emanated humility and wisdom. But people, whether they'd be Elves or Men or any other creature, seemed to unconsciously sense how old Círdan actually was, a sentiment that was backed when they looked into his aged eyes that swam with memories unimaginable. That, for some reason, tended to make most people wary, Ëarhín reflected sadly. But Elves, whose spirits endlessly aged in their own right, tended to be wary around Círdan for a whole other reason. His connection with the Valar was uncanny. That he had actually been befriended by Ulmo and his vassal, Ossë - a being whom he was personally terrified of, still remained a marvel to all. He hadn't been the only Elf to be befriended as such, Ëarhín knew, but none of the others who had been befriended now lived. Or they at least no longer remained in Middle-earth. Despite how aged Ëarhín was, which was old even by Elven standards, that time of friendship that Círdan had lived to witness and enjoy now only remained a distant memory in Círdan's mind. Ëarhín hadn't been alive then. But out of all the years he had lived, he had been present when Ulmo apparently summoned his lord to speak with time and time again. And that mixed with his age seemed to make him detached from the world around him, thus resulting people being awe-strucked by him rather than wanting to befriend him. Even his own people, here at the Havens, treaded warily around Círdan, even though their respect and awe for their lord ran unfathomably deep. All Sea-elves possessed a longing for the Sea, yet it was seemingly nothing when compared to the Mariner's. Círdan was like a Sea-elf existing alone amongst the Sea-elves that existed in their own way of living, a diamond in the ruff. So he was simply seen different by everybody. Not that Círdan cared, Ëarhín thought. His mind was so preoccupied these days with thoughts of Middle-earth that Ëarhín thought he would go mad if it were him. Although, now, he couldn't help but wonder what was in store for Círdan when he arrived at the destination only he knew of, if he truly had heard the summons of Ulmo. What could the Vala possibly want to inform him of this time? Well, time would tell, he knew. He just had to wait for Círdan to return and find out himself. He always did. "Be careful, Círdan," he murmured. To be continued…. Ëarhín = 'sea-child' or child of the sea Fëagaer = 'sea-spirit' or spirit of the sea Ered Luin = Blue Mountains Ossë = vassal of Ulmo and charged with the waters of the Hither Lands (Middle-earth) A/N: Well, that's chapter one finished. I'm still amazed with how long it became. If long chapters are not your taste, I do apologize for that, though the coming chapters won't be any better in that regard, aside from a good deal shorter (I hope). The next chapter continues with Círdan's tale of what exactly had led him to make the decision to give Narya to Gandalf. And as Elrond said, it's not normal. :) For this chapter, please review! Any and all words are welcome.