his resolve – the Elf Lord pushed hard and Estel screamed and jerked away from his father. Quickly reaching around the boy, Elrond used a small blade and hacked the barbed tip from the arrow, his heart breaking as he then regripped the fletched end and pulled it out of the boy. Estel screamed again and slumped against the Elf Lord, crying now. Elrond paused a moment to just hold the boy – one hand pressing on the entrance wound and the other pressing on the wound he had created when he pushed the arrow through. He noticed his own hands were shaking nearly as hard as Estel and tears were streaming down his face as Estel sobbed into his shoulder. "Ad…Ad…Ada!" Came the shaky cries. "Pl…please, it hurts!" Hushing the boy and rocking him, while still holding the wounds, Elrond whispered soothing nonsense into the boy's ear and held him tightly until fatigue, pain and blood loss stole Estel's consciousness from him. It was then that Legolas emerged from the nearby bushes. "My Lord," he said, falling down beside the Elf Lord and the small boy. "I…I don't know what to feel." He looked upon the bloody tunic of the young edan and cringed. The wound had to be painful and Legolas fingered his own bloody tunic in sympathy. "He is so brave. He seeks to fit in so hard. I feel as though this is my fault." Elrond shook his head. "Estel is noble," he said, his words wavering as much as his hands. "He is so special." He couldn't say anything else. He hurriedly applied compresses to the two wounds and lifted the boy into his arms. Elrond didn't bother to wipe the tear tracks from his eyes, nor did Legolas, who was rather surprised to find they were running down his cheeks. "He will be all right," Elrond whispered, more to himself than his companion. Legolas didn't reply. He was stooping and smelling the arrow head. "My Lord…poison." Elrond's heart jolted and his eyes locked with Legolas. "No…no…" He leaped into action and ran…flat out ran…for the Last Homely House. Elrond brushed the damp, dark hair from the boy's forehead. Estel had been feverish for three days now and nothing the Elf Lord did seemed to lower the fever or draw him from his unconscious state. Elladan and Elrohir had stood vigil with him. ANd Legolas, though no longer in need of any healing, had sat at their sides as well. The boy was alive. But just so. If he had been an Elf, his body may have coped better with the injury. Elrond sighed. SO many times, he wished his boy was an Elf. But he knew it was not so and he knew that Estel had his own strength. A strength of men. And while he had lost much faith in the strength of men after the fall of Isiuldor, he had never and would never lose faith in this boy. "Estel, come back to me!" he whispered, placing a light kiss on the boy's forehead. "Ada, I didn't go anywhere." Jumping back, Elrond smacked his head into Legolas' as the blonde elf had just been about to lean over and tell the Elf Lord he needed to eat something. Shocked by the sudden impact, the prince toppled backward and landed on Elladan's lap. Their combined weight snapped the legs of the elder twin's chair and they both hit he ground with a thud and two equally shocked cries. Elrond, however, didn't notice – he only had eyes for the fluttering grey eyes of Estel who was looking at the jumble of Elladan-Legolas that was currently struggling to right itself. "You are awake, ion nin!" The Elf Lord said, a smile broader than any he had let grace his face in recent days twinkling down at the boy. "I'm so very glad to hear you speak, child." Estel moved to sit up, but grimaced and grasped his shoulder tightly. "Owwww!" He said with a little confusion. "That was not a good idea. Me and my bad ideas. I'm just full of them." Legolas nodded, having finally removed himself from the Elladan-Legolas ball. "Aye, you are, child. But you are also brave and a true friend and if you do that again, I'll kill you myself." The boy laughed a little at the image of Legolas, whose hair was sticking up everywhere and tunics were rumpled. "Uhm…thanks?" Elrond turned the boy's head to him. "Yes, don't do that again, child. You needn't prove yourself here, Estel." He saw the boy's face fall and his eyes lower. "What?" Looking to Legolas, Estel said quietly. "I couldn't do it, Legolas. I can't do the strawberry trick." The blonde elf sighed. "Oh, Estel, I am so sorry I led you to believe that you could do it this soon. You must remember, when I was your size I was really a few centuries into existence. I'd had a lot more time to practice." He carefully left out that there was a chance the boy would n ever accomplish the feat. It wouldn't do to discourage him anymore. "Don't worry, you are the best human archer I've ever met and I'm glad you have honored the bow I gifted you with." The boy's eyes lit up. "You really think so? Even though I'm not as good as an Elf?" Legolas nodded, gripping the boy's hand. "I really think so, Estel. I would not have given you such a fine weapon if I didn't already believe you deserved and would do it honor. Never think yourself unworthy of it, child." Nodding, Estel said with a small frown. "Sheesh, if I had known that before, I wouldn't have been so dumb and spent all my time trying to hit strawberries in the gardens…" Legolas laughed. "No, I guess not. But you got in some good practice, I'd wager. When you are well, we'll see just how much you've improved. Deal?" "Deal!!"