rather nice, large bed – there would be no cramped quarters here. No accidental nudging off the bed. He wasn't –used– to beds, and while it had only happened once on a very narrow bed, tumbling out of them was a startling experience. He sat himself down slowly, sinking into the woven mattress, relaxing as he felt Erestor's hand on his shoulder, pulling him backward. "Rest, friend. You need it just as much as I." The truth wore at Aearlin's fretting, and he felt himself drift off into the open-eyed slumber of elves, the warmth emitted by the body beside him comforting as he slept. The next morning, Erestor woke to find himself quite close to the blond sleeping alongside him – in fact, their sides were touching, warm and soothing in every spot they connected. It was a nice feeling, Erestor concluded. Nice enough that he regretted having to rise. Long limbs stretched before he sat himself up, and his motions seemed to easily rouse the blond beside him, clarity returning to those sea-like irises. "Good morning," he greeted his host, sitting himself up and resting against the plush pillows that lined the headboard of Erestor's bed. "Did you sleep well?" Elrond's adviser laughed softly. "I should be the one to ask you that. But yes, it was the best sleep I've had in quite a while, actually. What about you?" He tipped his head slightly to the side. "Likewise," Aearlin replied lightly, reaching a hand out to smooth a couple of wayward strands of inky-black hair that had escaped the tight braid he'd woven for Erestor. Once satisfied that all was in place again, he removed the hand and glanced outside. "I should leave soon… before too many wake and I cannot do so without drawing attention," he finally said, though there was a hint of regret in his voice. Erestor startled slightly to hear it. Had he truly made such a friend of Aearlin that the other elf had second-thoughts of leaving Imladris? He bit his lower lip a little, not wanting to be so forward as to ask Aearlin not to leave. It wasn't his place. Besides, they were friends – and even friends didn't ask such things of each other, unless there was dire reason. He smiled instead, and nodded. "Let me give you a new set of clothes, at least. And breakfast, before you leave. It is still rather early, and few will be about just yet." The blond considered the offer, then nodded. "I'd like that." Encouraged, Erestor rose from his bed, sweeping over to his wardrobe to rummage through the drawers. Much as he enjoyed his books and scrolls, he was still a warrior, and as such, he had a good number of tunics, leggings and the like that would service Aearlin well. He finally found a set of grey leggings and a long-sleeved shirt to match, as well as a lighter grey tunic. "To help you blend with the greys of the mountains," he explained as he handed the items over to the blond elf. "They will do nicely, thank you," was the gentle reply as Erestor's guest began to change. The adviser took that time to pick out his own clothes – far less of an out-of-doors choice. His own was a set of deep blue velvet robes over a tunic and leggings of lighter blue silk. Elrond had always voiced appreciation of the set, and … Was he trying to impress Aearlin? He slipped the leggings and tunic on. Yes, he decided. Yes, he was trying to impress Aearlin. The more important question, which he had yet to figure out an answer to, was why? The robes were drawn over his shoulders and tied properly, swathing him in the comforting shell of velvet that he so often preferred. "Let's get breakfast, then," he insisted, to which Aearlin agreed with a smile and a dip of his head. Breakfast left Erestor just as confused as before, and now just a little frustrated with his own emotions. He had yet to figure out the 'why' of it all, and he didn't have much time, either – they were walking to the borders of the city of Imladris, and soon he'd be saying farewell to his newest friend. All without answers to his question. They walked in companionable silence, side-by-side until the gates loomed over them. "I… I will return sooner this time, I think," Aearlin confessed as he turned to face the scholar, reaching a hand out to grasp the dark-haired councilor's. "Now I have a good reason to return." Erestor looked at the other elf, feeling a bubble of confusion. He hadn't thought he'd meant that much to the other. He hadn't thought he'd had that great an impact. But Aearlin had said that he had a good reason to return… and….. "Forgive me, Erestor, if I am too forward…" Erestor hadn't but a second to process it all before Aearlin destroyed all power of reason within him. Lips claimed his in a slow, soft kiss that sent all thoughts in his mind scattering across Arda, leaving only one behind. Just one. THAT was the reason he'd wanted to impress Aearlin. And impress Aearlin he seemed to have done! The blond smiled at the dumbfounded-yet-pleased expression on the Councilor's face, brushed his fingertips across his cheek, and turned to head off to the wilds once more. "Navaer, Erestor. I will return before winter. I promise you." By the time Erestor's reason returned to him, Aearlin was some distance away – too far for the councilor to catch up with easily. And Aearlin had promised he would return, right? Before winter, he had said. A faint smile touched Erestor's lips at the thought, a hand raising to brush over the lips that Aearlin had kissed. Winter would be far warmer this year, at least for Erestor. (AN – That's all she wrote, folks! I hope you enjoyed. Please read and review!)