he can no longer give; your courage, your strength, your wisdom and your dedication. You must now take his place and I know you will do him proud. He would not want you to spend the rest of your days wallowing in grief for him. He did not raise you to do that. We both know you will honor him and deep down, you know that you will not allow his death to have been in vain. But you need to take the first step. And that first step, penneth, is to say farewell." After giving him a loose, comforting hug, he stood from his crouched position. "As insensitive as it may sound, we will all have time to grieve later. Take the time now to say farewell and, when you are ready, meet us in your Commander's pavilion. War is upon us and your people need their king." He gave a small sigh. "You are much loved, Thranduil. And your people believe in you just as much as they believed in him. Now, you must believe in yourself." With that, he quietly made his exit from the tent. And Thranduil sat there, once again lying across his father's chest. It had all come about too fast that it still remained as a shock to his mind and to the minds of his people. But he knew Celeborn was right; that was why he had not spoken anything. Though internal torment had been deeply stirred at his spoken words, he knew that they were the truth. And the truth, he had learned, may sometimes be the most difficult to hear, just as the truth that his father was now gone from this world was more painful to accept than any shard of reality. And nothing he said would ever be able to change the fact that his father's death had torn him asunder and will continue to do so, to a certain degree, every single day until he next saw him. If it were only himself and himself alone, he would undeniably sink into his grief. And if it were only him, he knew he would probably never come out of this deep abyss of mourning. But it was not just him. And it was that fact he drew strength from. It was because of that fact that he managed to regain a hold on his self-control. His heart was torn in two ways and a large part of it still wanted to follow his father, but the other part, along with his father's and his honorary love of the Silvan Elves, determined his resolve; his people still needed him. He was not the only Elf today who had lost a loved one and right now, the Silvan Elves needed a leader. To be a leader in this time would mean setting aside your own torment and taking up the responsibility of great distress. When his people had chosen him to be the heir to the Woodland throne, he had taken that position with the oath of always serving them. And the start of that would be to take up the mantle of leadership today, right now. Their king had gone and their new king must now come. Yes, he would grieve later and he would grieve for many years to come. But he would not abandon his people to fear and despair when they needed him the most. Not now and certainly not today. Oropher would not want that. Oropher would not expect such an act of abandonment from him. He would do his father proud and see that his death would not, in the slightest, have been in vain. With his own eyes, he would see the fall of Sauron and, from knowing his people so well, he knew that they would have it no differently. And Celeborn was right; he would see his father again. It was now only a matter of waiting. As torturous as it would be, he simply had to wait. Sitting up straight once again, with trembling hands, Thranduil pealed back the sheet covering his father's head. Though the sight further rent his heart in two, he found the strength to hold back the tears. Leaning forward, he placed an ever soft kiss upon his brow, lingering there for only a moment, before slowly sitting back up. With a delicate touch, he held his cheek, dismayed, but finally accepting, of just how cold it felt. "Navaer, Adar," he whispered. With gentle movements, he replaced the sheet to fully cover him up again and stood from the ground. Savoring one last look for the person he had known to be the greatest in his life, Thranduil made his way to the tent and walked out into the new dawn of the new day. The flap of the tent fell behind him, plunging what light was illuminated on the sheet once more into darkness, for the day of Oropher's reign had set into an eternal night. He was gone. The End fëa/fëar = soul (singular/plural) "Navaer, Adar" = "Farewell, Father" Hithaeglir = the Misty Mountains Morannon = the Black Gate Úlaire/Úlairi = the Nazgûl (singular/plural) Lórinand = present day Lothlórien A/N: Even though this was more so a "here and now" story, I feel the need to say that, indeed, the Elves of Greenwood had regained their morale, and all because of Thranduil. Through him, they regained their confidence and they found the will to fight for the whole seven years of the siege. And Thranduil became even a greater king than his father, for Tolkien did say that Thranduil was the greatest king the Silvan Elves had ever known. I just decided not to include this because it would have strayed off from the focus of the story. But anyhow, please review! I'd love to hear your thoughts and as stated before, I welcome all words. And even questions if you have them. :) But please do review. Thanks for reading and happy trails!