and exuded their Light, puissant and sagacious beyond the comprehension of those never to have known Death. "Even they," he spoke quietly. "Death is unnatural for Elves, a happenstance we may be fated to endure, but I can little think of how to explain in a way you would understand that while death may be painful and agonizing, fearsome for you and grievous for those who survive you, the other side of death is not so horrible as is feared." He gave another small smile, but it was mirthless, his eyes solemn. "I would love to instill everyone on this side of the Sea with that reassurance, but without the context none would take it to heart. "So," he concluded, "I opt to remain silent. Even if they did grasp what I would say, it still would not feel wholly right to say it. Death is a different journey for all who come to take it, and…I just…." He now struggled to find adequate words. But Erestor held up his hand to stay his speech. "I understand, Glorfindel. I have heard all you said and name you not a liar or an embellisher of truths." He shot him a wry look. "But for all my mastery of lore I am rendered silent, I fear, unknowing of what to say or how to say it, even how to reconcile it with what I had presumed to know. Of course, I was born in the First Age and never knew Valinor, so mayhap that is a contributing factor." Glorfindel shrugged. "Perchance it is. I have many a time spoken with the Exiles who remain, mostly while we resided in Lindon since they primarily resided either there or in Mithlond. Or Eregion ere its fall. We spoke and still speak of Eldamar on occasion, those few who remain in this Third Age, but they have the context to know what I am saying. But all the others who are curious of the wonders of the West do not, regrettably, and so I opt for silence." Erestor snorted in amusement. "More so you opt to tell them to sail to Aman themselves if they wish to know, if I recall correctly." Glorfindel's face contorted with an impish grin. "Yes, I do, and such is true enough." He titled his head, studying him. "I pray I have your forgiveness if my silence with you on the subject is a slight." Erestor shook his head, letting go a small sigh. "No, Glorfindel. You are my friend, and while your words inspire wonder and incredulity in me, I would rather have the satisfaction of learning the answers myself. Of Aman, that is," he quickly amended. "Not death. Forgive me, but despite your good words, I still have no wish to die." "You had better not." He did not smile, but Erestor suspected it was only by sheer willpower, if the twinkle in his eye told anything. "Have I answered your question?" He nodded. "I would not say I was worried, but you have remained in this solemn spell since their deaths for a while now." Glorfindel bowed his head. "They were good people. Not only good warriors, but good at heart. They were faithful in safeguarding Imladris and loyal beyond measure to Elrond and Gil-galad before him. I fought alongside them at Mordor, and then before during our flight to the Hidden Valley after the sacking of Eregion." "I know." A kind expression softened Erestor's face. "I was there." Glorfindel flash him a humored glance. "I know. Their demise hurts, but such is why I guard my heart as I said, despite knowing personally what lies beyond death's door. Though I grew well learnt of many things in Mandos and afterwards in Lórien and up until the time I returned here, it does not diminish at all the pain that smothers you when one you allowed into your heart dies. It was a lesson I learned before even dying, before Gondolin even fell, and one I intend to not forget. So," he digressed, "I am careful. And quiet." He added the last with a teasing smile. Erestor stood, straightening his robes by habit, and looked down at the Captain. "Come to dinner," he bid, though not unkindly. "The twins will want to regale you with some telling or another, and I would fain have you there ready to listen instead of being pestered with enquiries of your missing person. Waist-high they may be, but their mouths can run like a river." Glorfindel chuckled, standing himself. "I blame Elrond, or even you. Loremasters seem to thrive in talking for hours." Erestor raised a disbelieving eyebrow. "You can be just as bad," he emphasized. He snorted. "Of course. I give as good as I am given, so no complaints." Erestor rolled his eyes, but refrained from retorting. Plenty of time for that at dinner. End A/N: R.I.P.: This story was published in tribute to the memory of Austin Boccaccio, known by the alias "Fiondil" among the Tolkien community, primarily on Stories of Arda . He passed away on January 28, 2015, and while I never knew him personally nor spoke to him online, he was one of the greatest Tolkien writers I had ever had the privilege to come across and follow for years. It hurt to learn of his demise, but I thank him endlessly for all the joy he provided me through his work. Rest in peace, Fiondil. (Certain events alluded to in this fic along with the character Maranwë belonged to Fiondil. He was a linguist and a Tolkien scholar, and while I don't agree with several things he postulated, his portrayal of the Ainur and everything with them I consider as my headcanon, every bit of it. When I first found him years ago, he astounded me with his interpretation of Tolkien's text on them, and I honestly don't believe there is a more accurate portrayal of the Valar than his.) Thank you for reading.