could not have been blessed with a better brother. He had always cared for me, even when I was far past my majority. But I know he drove me to insanity with his mother-henning because he loved me. If it were up to him, no harm would ever come to his 'little flower'." Haldir smile began to grow again. "So…?" Galadriel furrowed her brow. "So what?" He began to chuckle again. "So what did your brother say to Lord Celeborn?" Galadriel gave a slight shrug with a resigned sigh. "To this day I still do not know. Celeborn refuses to tell me for some reason. All I can tell you is that when they returned from behind the foliage, Celeborn looked rather uneasy and Finrod looked far too happy. My brother approached me, kissed me on the forehead, and then said, 'you have my blessing, little one', and then he simply walked away. And right there and then, Celeborn asked if he could court me. It seemed that Finrod knew even before we did." "'Little one'?" he asked, still inwardly chuckling at the absurd scene. Galadriel shook her head fondly. "Like I said, he was always overprotective of me and always saw the little sister that would climb onto his back when he came home." Her eyes went out of focus as she began to recall all the happy memories that had been buried for far too long. As she did, she ran her thumb across her husband's forehead and was instantly brought out of her muse when she felt the sweat there. His fever had broken. A bright smile lit her face as she addressed Haldir. "Please, penneth, go inform the healer to fetch Tordren." She saw Haldir's prominent relief as he went to speak to the healer. When she looked back at Celeborn, she was ecstatic to find that he had also woken and that his eyes were opening. "Celeborn?" she whispered, running her hand tenderly over his hair. "Meleth? Can you hear me?" His eyes opened further and he looked around the room with that fever-induced haze until he spied Galadriel. "Meleth?" The word barely came out as a faint whisper. "I am here, Celeborn," she said quietly. She smiled further as she felt her hand squeezed in return, despite the shivering. "You are safe. You are home and Tordren has been looking after you. Haldir is here as well," she added as Haldir wearily approached the bed. Celeborn turned his gaze over to the young guard. "P-penneth, I must thank you f-for…s-saving my life," he ground out, his voice still shaking from the chill of the ice. Galadriel looked at the guard with a bemused look. "Omit something, did you?" Haldir had the grace to look embarrassed. But before he could say anything, Celeborn spoke again. "Have y-you been here all n-night?" "Aye, my lord," he said, his worry still evident. "Is there anything I can do for you?" "Yes," he said adamantly. "Go and g-get some rest….You look dead on your f-feet." Haldir nodded, recognizing a subtle chastisement when he did. He bowed to his lord and turned to speak towards his lady just when he spied Tordren walking down the hallway. He shook his head, as though coming out of a daze. "My lady, I apologize. Forgive me for being so informal with you." Galadriel shook her head with a smile. "Your melancholy has passed, Haldir. And I did not mind sharing that with you. It was a happy time in my life, after all." Haldir nodded and with a small bow, he left the room. "What h-happy time? What have you b-been sharing with our g-guard?" Celeborn said quietly. But before she could comment, Tordren entered the room. "Lord Celeborn, it does me a world of good to see you awake." He stood on the other side of the bed and reached to check his temperature. "How are you feeling?" Celeborn felt justified to direct a glare at him. "C-cold." His expression practically screamed, 'what do you think?' Tordren chuckled as he reached under the sheets for his wrist. "I apologize for the ice, but it was necessary. And since your fever has now broken and your pulse is steady, I will go and bring some healers so that we can remove all this ice." As soon as Tordren left the room, Celeborn turned his gaze back to his wife. "W-what happy time?" Galadriel chuckled at her husband's stubbornness. She leaned over and gave him an affectionate kiss. "I feel in the mood to ask once again, my love," she said playfully. "What did Finrod tell you that day?" Celeborn turned his gaze the other way. "Nothing," he said. Galadriel bit the insides of her cheeks to keep from laughing at the disgruntled expression that appeared on his face. "Nothing again? Come, my love, why will you not tell me?" He rolled his eyes and his glower darkened. "Your b-brother and father w-were a nightmare." She shook her head adoringly. "No, they simply loved their only sister and daughter." Celeborn looked at his wife lovingly and squeezed the hand again. "I l-love you," he whispered. She leaned forward to give him another kiss and then rested her cheek on his forehead. "And I love you, my stubborn husband." The End ellon/ellyn = male Elf/Elves elleth/ellith = female Elf/Elves penneth = young one meleth = love meleth nín = my love A/N: The information used in this story were taken from the "Silmarillion", 'Laws and Customs among the Eldar' in the "History of Middle-Earth" vol. 10 as well as vol. 11 and vol. 12. In other words, it was as accurate as I could make it. :) Please, please, please review! Even if it's read sometime after it was published. All words are welcome as well as concrit. If there's any way you believe that I can improve my writing, then I'm all ears. Please review! And thank you for reading. :) Happy trails.