finished this tea." "Talking with Rosie," Pippin corrected. "The only business you and I have in this is to look after our cousin." "Sam's our friend too!" said Merry indignantly. "We should try to help him." "We are. We're letting Sam deal with this without having to care for Frodo at the same time." "You do that, Pippin," said Merry. "I'm going to referee the upcoming fight." "Merry! That's, that's, well it's just not a good idea." "Pippin, think! Sam said he hit Frodo. If he's angry enough to do that, he's angry enough to do it to anybody." Pippin stared at him open mouthed. After a moment, he stammered, "I—I don't think he would. And, and anyway he's not angry now, he's bawling his eyes out." "That's true enough," said Merry. "Well, maybe 'referee' is a poorly chosen word. Maybe 'eavesdrop on' would be better. Just to make sure nobody gets hurt." "Merry!" "It's not like we've never spied on anybody, Pippin. Sam's done it too, don't forget." "That was different!" "I promise I'll leave if they start, um, making up." "I should hope so!" exclaimed Pippin. A noise from the bed drew their attention. "Look," said Merry, "I think Frodo's coming around." Frodo did indeed wake up. He rubbed his eyes and yawned. "Hello, Merry, Pippin. I had quite forgotten you planned to visit." Frodo's cheerful smile died on his lips as he took in the expressions of his cousins. "What is it? You haven't looked that worried since the set-to at Bywater." "Do you remember," Merry began, "Well no, I don't suppose you would. People don't remember talking in their sleep." "What did I say? What, what is it? I wasn't talking to It again, was I?" "No, Frodo, nothing like that," assured Pippin. "It's nothing, we were all just worried about you being sick, is all." "Well—" Merry began. Pippin elbowed him, and Merry gave him a thin-lipped look but fell silent. "What?" Frodo asked. Merry said, "Just rest, Frodo. Would you like some tea? Rosie just made a fresh pot." "What?" he demanded. "Yes, I would like some tea, now please tell me what I said that has got you two acting like you just sat on an anthill." Merry cleared his throat. He took a cautionary step away from Pippin's elbow, and said, "You told Sam you slept with Rosie and he beat you up." "What?! Um, April Fools?" "No joke, Frodo," said Pippin, "even Merry's taste in humor isn't quite that bad." Pippin ducked as Merry aimed a cousinly slap at the back of his head. Frodo sat up and felt his arms, face, and torso. "I'm not hurt." He combed the four fingers of his maimed hand into his hair, and winced. "Well, I do seem to have a lump on my head, at that. But I can't believe it!" "Well, did you, um," asked Pippin. "I did. Not recently! It was before the quest." "Oh," Pippin breathed, "well that's good anyway." "You didn't think I—wait, Sam doesn't think I, I, betrayed him, does he?" Pippin shrugged. "Well, he did hit you." "How awful!" Frodo tried to get out of bed, and Merry caught him as he staggered dizzily. "I must clear this up at once! Where is Sam?" "You stay put, Frodo, I'll find Sam," said Merry. "Stay with him, Pip." Meanwhile, Sam came to the end of his weeping, and dried his face. He sought out Rosie in the kitchen, but she was not there. He looked in several rooms, growing increasingly worried, then realized she must have sought the peace of the garden. That's what he would have done himself, he figured. But she was not out there either. He walked all the way around the Hill, then thought to look up. There she was! Rosie was sitting under the big oak tree on top of the Hill, resting her back against the gnarled, old tree. Sam climbed up the hill and sat down beside her. "Rosie, I'm sorry for that scene. I'm nought but a ninnyhammer, what I said." "I'm sorry, too, Sam." "I can see well enough that whatever was between you, it was over when you saw him again, when we got back. And that was my fault. I didn't protect him well enough, and then I come back and steal you." "I was waiting for you, Sam," said Rosie quietly. "You didn't steal me away, I chose you, and you suit me. I'd never make a gentlewoman, Sam, and what was between me and Frodo was nothing that could have been any more, if you understand me." Sam blinked uncertainly. "Do you mean because of, of, your station?" Rosie smiled a little. "After all you and he have been through together, you still call him Mr. And so do I. Even then, I did. That's a gap that even you can't cross, let alone me. You're his heart, and his right hand, and yet that distance between you is still ironclad. Surely you see it couldn't be overcome between The Mr. Baggins of Bag End and a tavern wench." Sam made a noise of protest, but Rosie held up a hand, and continued. "Even if you and he had never gone away, it was always you I meant to have. I wanted to marry an equal, Sam. Not someone I felt inferior to. What kind of marriage would that be, with one of the partners always feeling less than the other? It would be hellish, no matter how hard he tried to bend himself around to fit me. No, Sam, it could never be. I was always meant for you. I love you, Sam." "I love you too, Rosie." This time the tears that spilled from his eyes were sweet. He took her in his arms and held her tight, heart to thumping heart. They embraced under the tree, and kissed fiercely, heedless of the neighbors and the buzzing of the bees among the flowers.