weariness came on him. He turned toward Minas Tirith, and for the first time heeded what he saw: above the White Tower of Ecthelion, in place of the banner of the Stewards, the Silver Swan of Dol Amroth floated over the city. He had thought to pitch his tents on the battlefield before the walls of the city, so that no contention would arise in Gondor over whose rule to follow, his or Denethor's, but the Silver Swan spoke of doubt already rising. Aragorn went up in the city. He found Imrahil, Prince of Dol Amroth, and got the news from him: Denethor and Faramir dead and burned—or in the reverse order, apparently—but Eowyn still lived. Weary as he was, Aragorn went immediately to the Houses of Healing to care for her. Of Merry the hobbit there was no news until much later. He was found in a byway of Minas Tirith, still carrying his pack, apparently having followed Eowyn's litter and gotten lost at one of the turnings. By the time he was found, he was stone cold. Aragorn had his body placed next to Gandalf's, on display in the palace where Denethor had once ruled. Treebeard went to pay his respects, and caused a panic when the people of Minas Tirith thought they saw a tree walk away from the Court of the Fountain. Despite the fact that Treebeard's bark was brown, not white, the Men of Gondor had reached a mental saturation point, and a riot broke out. There was much shoving, some jumping from the walls of the city, and not a few slain with swords before it was over. Among those who came to blows were Legolas and Gimli. They had never gotten over their initial enmity, because Legolas had made friends with one of his own kind, Glorfindel, instead. Aragorn healed Eowyn of her hurts, but he could not bring comfort to her mind and heart. No one now living in the city could do that. He sent the other healers away, so that they could have private speech. "Eowyn, I know you did not intend to survive the battle. Have you given thought to… your other injury?" She looked away, shame written plainly on her face. "I cannot. I cannot, Aragorn. I would have killed Wormtongue, if I could. If I had not been overwhelmed by superior numbers. I would have gladly died on the battlefield, and brought the small wretched thing to the hall of the harriers with me. But it is a child, Aragorn. It is a child. I cannot." He nodded. "Then I hope to attend its birth as your physician, if you would. And if ever I return. Take care of yourself, Eowyn. You are still recovering from the Black Breath, and your broken arm will be long in healing. Tomorrow I ride to the Black Gate." "I wish I could go with you. To ride to open war is all my desire, and the Houses of Healing are as a cage to me." "I know. If I were to have one wish for you, Eowyn, it would be that you could find someone to love you, and heal your heart of woe." "All such wishes are vain. Die well, Aragorn." … Pippin felt great pride at being privileged to watch the ceremony of Embodiment. Very few in the Dark Tower were allowed to stand on the pinnacle this night, only the Nine, Durbatu the half-orc Captain of Barad-dur, the Mouth of Sauron who dwelt at the Towers of the Teeth, and himself. His lord, ruler of all Middle-Earth, greatly favored him. Pippin should love him. He must love him. He must! He must make himself. A pair of Nazgul dragged in a small figure, just Pippin's height. Scrawny, filthy, the starveling creature flopped on the black stone where he was thrown, but his head rose to look up at the Eye. Beneath a wild mop of curls, intense blue eyes stared in horror and madness at the Eye of Sauron. Pippin recognized Frodo. Something stirred within him, some old grief perhaps, but he shoved it down. He must not feel. Except the love he owed his lord, his god. But he did feel. Frodo was his kinsman, and his friend! A fine chain lifted from around Frodo's neck. It floated up toward the Eye. Pippin cheered inside, reminded of the moment when his own chains were loosed. Yes! Frodo was free. Now Pippin saw the wisdom and the kindess of his lord, his god, to allow his servant Soldier to witness not only the Embodiment, but the freeing of his friend Frodo from his terrible burden. For the One Ring was nothing but a weight to anyone mortal; only the god of Middle Earth, the great Sauron, could endure it. Pippin could love this merciful lord, surely he could. The Ring reached the center of the Eye, and then there was a light like the sun. Red flame vanished, and in its place was a beam of white, pure, angelic, beautiful, powerful. Then Sauron stood on the pinnacle, stood with feet and legs and a whole body, and light was about him, like the light of elves but much stronger. On his perfect finger he bore the One Ring. Pippin's hear swelled within him. "I am Sauron the Great," said a beautiful voice, full of harmonies. "Worship me!" Everyone on the pinnacle fell down before him in obeisance. Except for Frodo. Frodo struggled to his feet, snarling "My precious! They stole it from us!" and ran at Sauron. Sauron the Fair smote him down with a languid wave of his hand. Pippin was mortified that anyone would dare attack his lord, his god. As Frodo tried to get up again, Pippin leapt up and stomped him down. Frodo stared at him in stunned recognition. "Pippin?" "My name is Soldier." Pippin ground Frodo's face beneath his jackboot. He had won the battle over himself. He loved Sauron. The End.