halted. Frodo went to each of them in turn, and took their rings from them. Each tried to fight, and each was as unsuccessful as Chin. He put on each ring as he acquired it, and with each one, he got a little more transparent. As he moved, patches of his skin went invisible for a few seconds at a time, revealing muscles and bone beneath. Now Frodo had a ring on each finger—nine fingers, nine rings. His face flickered between living flesh, skull, and the horror in between. "Go," Frodo whispered. "Leave. Go home. Go back to your armies and take them home with you. Never again trouble Gondor or the West, never again touch the artifacts of Sauron. Flee from me, for I am not merciful. I leave you alive only so that you may suffer as I do. You will walk forever in the shadow world, empty, forlorn, bereft. You will fare in hateful longing to the end of your days. For Precious is gone. Go now." As one, they rose. They turned as one and walked out the door of the throne room like sleepwalkers. For several minutes, nobody moved. Then Frodo sighed and swooned. He fell backward, and Aragorn caught him. Frodo came awake with a wild yell and twisted away. "Keep back!" Aragorn gestured with empty hands. "Frodo. It's me." Frodo blinked at him, and his expression softened to something approaching normal. "Don't get too close, Strider. I am dripping with shadow." Just then Sam came barreling through the door. He halted when he saw Frodo's hands. "Frodo! Me dear! Take them off!" And Frodo took off the rings. A collective sigh escaped the assembled people. Frodo held the Nine in his two hands. "Now what do I do?" Frodo wondered. "Are those—" Sam started to ask. "Rings of Power? Yes, they are. Nine for Mortal Men, doomed to die. So goes the poem." "Then I guess they'll have to be destroyed, won't they, Mr. Frodo?" "Yes. These, too, were forged by Sauron. In the Mountain. No smithy in Minas Tirith could melt them. They must go to the fire." "But not with you, surely." "No, Sam. Not with me. I could not open my hand over the Crack of Doom the first time. I could not do it now either. And I have no heart for a second such journey, even though I could take a host of men with me this time, and wains full of baggage, and even dancing girls if I asked for them. Once the armies of the Easterling king and his former allies clear out of Mordor." "That's good, Mr. Frodo. This second journey can be for others to take. You deserve to rest." "Yes. And though I am sure I could not open my hand over the fire, I may be able to open my hand over another hand. As Bilbo did, when he passed the Ring to me. Who then shall go? I cannot entrust these things to Men. The quest of the mountain takes a hobbit. Two hobbits. One touched by the darkness, to bear the ring—rings—and one not. To save him from himself." Frodo's gaze passed over the assembly and came to rest on Merry and Pippin. Merry and Pippin looked at each other in wide-eyed dread. Frodo walked slowly toward them. As slowly as he had walked toward Chin, and with almost as much menace. Pippin took a step back as Frodo stopped in front of him. "Uh—I was just leaving," said Pippin. "There is no other choice," Frodo said. "One of you must take it. Them." "Give it to Merry!" Pippin squeaked, taking another step back. "Oh, thank you, Pip!" Merry said, aghast. "No, it must be Pippin," Frodo said. "The one who stands in the place of Sam must be a true innocent. Pippin, you cannot take that place, for you have seen the Eye. You are like me, now. A little." Pippin took another step back, and fetched up against Merry's encircling arm. "Don't worry, Pippin. I'll help you," said Merry. It sounded more like a threat than a promise. "I only saw it for a little while. An hour at most, though I lived a whole lifetime of terror and pain in that vision. And the Palantir was hardly a Ring of Power, much less nine of them. Besides. Wouldn't it be better to give them to someone who has never seen the Eye? Or been seen by it?" "Hold out your hand, Pippin." Frodo's tone was almost indifferent, but there was a sinister look in his eyes. Pippin shook his head. "Don't do this to me, Frodo." "One of you must take it." Merry took Pippin's right hand in both of his and pried it open. "Merry," Pippin whispered, "what are you doing?" "Sorry, Pippin," Merry said. His face was grim. "Frodo's the expert on these things. What he says goes." Merry held Pippin's hand out for Frodo. Pippin squeezed his eyes shut, as if bracing for pain. Frodo set the rings into it, and Merry closed Pippin's hand around them. "Now get them out of my sight," said Frodo, "before I try to take them back." "Frodo?" Merry asked, puzzled. "If Pippin now stands in my place, and you, Merry, stand in Sam's, I know well what role is left for me. Go where I cannot find you. Sam will stay with me and help me through this." Pippin did not know what he had expected. Cold? Searing heat? Rending pain? They just felt like lumps of metal in his hand, but he did not sigh in relief yet. Because he felt them stirring. Not physically. Physically, they were inert, just circles of gold and jet and obsidian. Pippin opened his eyes and stared off into space. "I can hear them," he whispered. "Come on, Pippin," said Merry. "Let's go find a quiet corner of the city." Merry guided Pippin out the door. End of Part One