such disrespect, he thought. Still, it was hard to stand there and silently listen while Mother Heith spun a story of great valor that was utter mumak-wash. All Gimli could think of was how long and loud Legolas would laugh if he heard such a tale. Finally the lesson was over, and Mother Heith dismissed the children, reminding them that they were to go immediately to the Hall of Arms for sparring practice. As they filed out of the doors of the Hall of Memory, the children stopped in their tracks and stared up in disbelief when they found Lord Gimli himself looming over them unexpectedly. He tried to smile reassuringly, but their eyes were round and wide as they all nervously stammered out greetings to him and bowed. He returned their greeting gravely and, released, the mob of little ones fled down the passageway as fast as they could. Gimli watched them go with a frown, and entered the Hall of Memory to speak with Mother Heith. She finished hanging up her robes of office as Gimli entered, and greeted him calmly, although Gimli thought he could detect a slight smile behind her carefully curled silver beard. They regarded each other for a moment, then Gimli blurted, "It wasn't me that destroyed Durin's Bane. You shouldn't tell them I did. It was Gandalf. I was there, but it was the wizard who killed the balrog, not I." Mother Heith raised her thick eyebrows and gestured at one of the benches arranged around the elaborate central firepit. "Sit, Lord Gimli. You have been standing for a while, I think." Gimli took the proffered seat with a sigh, and waited while the Mother of Memory finished tidying up the room. Heith was not one to be hurried, and he had spoken in haste. Gimli sighed again and muttered, more to himself than to her, " And the children are afraid of me. I do not like that." Heith turned toward him with a frown. "That is awe you see in their eyes, not fear. It is healthy for them to be in awe of someone who is worthy of their respect. "It is not me that they are in awe of, it is the—the figure in your story, who happens to bear my name." Mother Heith gracefully settled herself on the other end of the bench where Gimli sat. She was a tall woman of considerable girth, but there was nothing ungainly about her. She looked at Gimli with great compassion and nodded agreement. "Yes, it is a hard burden to bear, to be a hero. You must give up being merely yourself, and carry the weight of something larger. For many, doing heroic deeds is trivial compared with the strength it takes to live with being a hero." "But it is simply not true!" Gimli sputtered. "What you told them I did isn't true! I didn't know that was how the tale was being told, or I would have put a stop to it years ago." "Would you, now?" Heith sounded amused and idly stroked her beard, although her expression didn't change. "You would put a stop to the wind as well, I suppose, or the growing of the grasses. That would be just as likely as putting a stop to the stories that people will tell, and how the tale will grow with the telling in the ways that the people need it to." "I could remind them of the truth!" "And they would politely ignore it, even from you, because they need the truth in the story more than they need a story that is merely true." Gimli was having a hard time restraining his indignation. He didn't want to be disrespectful toward a Mother, but she was talking in riddles and didn't seem to be grasping the problem. "Children should not be taught what isn't true. The story you made up about me and the balrog isn't true." Mother Heith shifted her bulk a bit and stared thoughtfully into the flames that flickered ever in the center of the Hall. "The telling of Gimli and Durin's Bane was not made up by me; that is what the story has become on its own. What the children learn from the telling is more true, and more valuable, than the story of what actually happened to you in the Halls of Durin. They learn that someone like them can be courageous, that vengence can be achieved with patience, that justice is possible, that great evil can be met and overcome. "Gimli and Durin's Bane is not the only tale that is told of you, Lord Gimli, and there will be many more. As I said, it is a heavy burden to bear, to be a hero for your folk. Fortunately, I know you to be a dwarf of great fortitude, and I do not doubt that you will manage to endure it." Heith gave him a small smile, and added, "I invite you to imagine what an Heir who becomes the vessel for King Durin must endure! Now, there would be one with a burden to bear. You might be glad your own task is so slight." Mother Heith rose from the bench, signalling that she was done speaking. Gimli rose as well and respectfully took his leave of her, pausing outside the wooden doors of the Hall as he swung them shut behind him. Trailing his fingers over the Face of Arda, the map of the world deeply carved on them, Gimli considered the Mother's words. It still didn't sit well with him, that the stories told of his deeds were so exaggerated. But it doesn't seem to be mine to choose, Gimli thought. And perhaps Heith is right, I should be glad it isn't worse. I may have to deal with being a hero, but at least I'm not a legend. The only thing worse than that would be Legolas finding out about Gimli and Durin's Bane...