into our later years. Before you think to ask Master Peregrin, I am one-hundred and thirty-nine years." Pippin could only grin unabashedly at the Dwarf, who in turn snorted and ruffled the almost-golden curls. They had all gotten used to Pippin's innate curiosity and had come to indulge him when he questioned them on some thing or another. "Does that make you old or young in Dwarven terms then? It's a challenge to tell with different races, especially as hobbits do not growing facial hair, it rather obscures your face." Gandalf answered, for he could see Gimli's unsure eyes, the Dwarf had little experience with other races his closest encounter with any outside his own being the Dale Men. "You and your questions Peregrin, I have never met another hobbit as curious as you. Never lose it, your curiosity of the world is refreshing and a welcome break from weary souls. Back to your question on Master Gimli's age, now let me think, as he is one hundred and thirty-nine, he is equivalent to a thirty-seven year old Man, still young for a Dwarf." Pippin stared at the Dwarf for a moment, seeming to contemplate something. Merry however was unimpressed with it all, and though he could have easily turned away from the conversation to sleep; he found himself interested. After all it was not everyday one was given information from the sources themselves, and he would not allow himself to lose this opportunity. Seeing that none looked willing to continue without promoting, he acted as his younger cousin seemed to be lost in his mind. " What of the Elves? How do they age in comparison to Men, Dwarves, and Hobbits? How old are you ?" At once their attentions were turned toward the sole elf, their interest clear. Little was truly known of elven aging and it was impossible to tell the exact age of Elves as only their eyes would give away how long they had lived, even then not many could stare long into their orbs. Legolas looked amused, his green eyes twinkling in humour, " I shall never understand this fascination with knowing the ages of Elves, but I shall indulge you if that is your wish. Elf children age slowly by your reckoning, an elf of only twenty would look a child to you still. Our minds mature faster than any of the mortal races, we can walk, talk and sing in our first year of life. Even so after that our aging slows significantly until we reach one-hundred at which point we are considered fully grown." The mortals stared at him intently, all were curious of his age as he looked rather young and could act like a youth, but they knew that meant nothing to Elves. Many had asked the Elf – mostly the two younger hobbits – and they all hoped he would eventually answer one of them, especially Aragorn as he had been asking since he had been a boy and he still had no answer. Gandalf, of course, knew the answer but had never divulged the knowledge to any of the Fellowship this time however he encouraged the Sinda. " Go on Greenleaf, you may as well answer before one of them questions you for it." With his usual air the Prince grinned at the Istari, who only raised a brow at the younger, before he relented. "Very well, I am Seven-hundred and ninety-eight years old. I am considered quite young to my people." Aragorn stared at his friend, while the others only stared uncomprehendly at the youthful face of Legolas, "You are not even in your first millennium?! I have been lead to believe you were much older than that!" Legolas could only laugh, the soft chiming seeming to bring Pippin out of his thoughts at last, "That is no fault of mine mellon-nin, I never said much of my age. You drew your own conclusions when you could have always just asked the twins or Arwen. They've known me since I was an elfling, but you must always take the difficult way when it would be easier to ask for help." The Ranger was left sputtering at his friend when Pippin stopped it with a different question. "How old are you then Gandalf?" Everything seemed to stop, as eight pair of eyes turned toward the Grey Pilgrim their gazes searing. The wise wizard could only quirk his lips, truly he hadn't seen the group this easy since they had left Rivendell and decided to humour them before they had to rest for the day. "I have been alive for far longer than many elves and for many seasons. I have seen acorns grow into tall trees until they passed and the cycle continued anew, I could not tell you exactly how long I have lived Peregrin for even I have forgotten the exact number." A stillness seemed to come from his words, and it seemed to them that the very Earth had stopped in time. None could bring themselves to speak, and they stayed as they were for many moments and they could not tell you for how long they stayed thus. "So you are saying you are so old you have forgotten your age?" Utter surprise littered the faces around the Took, amusement was clear in most except of course the aforementioned wizard. "Peregrin Took!" "What? That was what Gandalf was saying! Stop pulling my ear! Alright, Alright! Sorry for calling you ancient Gandalf, even though you are. Ow! Merry help me get Frodo off!" ~ o0o ~ Word Count: 3,311 *not meant to be offensive to Legolas, it's just that Gandalf didn't expect anyone to know anything about hobbits as no one knows much about them This is my first one-shot and I figured that I'd post it on my birthday. Tell me what you thought and hopefully I didn't write them too out of character. Thanks for reading and I hope you liked it!