formally. After all, I may be your sovereign, but I am also one that took you into my bosom and raised you. How are you?" she asked kissing his forehead. Missy had been here for some time, and never truly knew that Galadriel had raised him or his brothers until now. She shied away some, but not for long, the Lady turned to her. "Haldir, you know of Lady Missy, do you not?" She asked placing a hand on Missy's arm. Missy almost died when she did this. Now was the time to learn if he even thought she existed. Haldir rose up and looked at Missy fully. He nodded his head, and reached out for Missy's hand. Taking it he kissed it softly. Missy felt the color rise up her cheeks. "Yes, but unfortunately, I have not had the chance to speak to such a beautiful creature." He spoke, his eyes never leaving hers. Missy felt faint. 'He called me a beautiful creature.' she said nervously within. Not believing a word of what she just heard. Composing herself mentally, Missy lifted her chin and smiled at him warmly. "I am friends with your brothers. I have wanted to converse with you, but you have been terribly busy, with the rising dangers of late." Missy spoke her voice trembling, she wondered if they had noticed. "Yes, they have been very taken with you. You are the subject of many conversations. I had hoped that I would have the opportunity to meet you. And now I have." he looked to the lady, "My lady, these new celebrations, have caused a delightful stir among the wardens, none can seem to stop talking of it. I find it a refreshing change. I have to ask, just for the sake of my curiosity, but where had the ideas come from?" Lady Galadriel looked at him and smiled warmly, then turned her gaze to Missy. "The idea came from dreams from our dear Missy here. Celebrations of winter are much different in her world, and I felt them quite nice. So after some deliberation and convincing, it was decided to add them to our own." Haldir looked at Missy and smiled softly. "Ah, yes, from her world. I think Rumil had spoken how much he loved hearing you talk about the celebrations of your world and this 'Christmas' was his favorite one. I am elated to celebrate this holiday, and see how it looks in fair Lorien." Haldir said kindly. Missy thought on how handsome he looked in his warden's get up. Devilishly handsome in her eyes indeed. "My tree is up, but not decorated yet. I am looking forward to doing it tonight." Missy commented. Haldir cocked his head to the side looking at her. "Perhaps, Lady Missy, you would allow me and my brothers to visit you and see how this decorating is done, so that we may learn to do it ourselves." He suggested. Missy went cold, shock actually. 'He wants to come over?' the words loomed in her mind. "I would like that, or I could visit you and help with your decorations?" She asked, but it was more of an implanting of an idea. "Or do both. I am sure that Rumil and Orophin would be delighted." Haldir said. Galadriel sat back observing the two very closely. It was all a part of her master plan to get them together. She had seen how lonely Missy and Haldir both were, also knew of how much Missy cared for Haldir in her own world and this one. They were opposites, but like all, opposites attract. And this match was a good one. She smiled inwardly seeing her plan was working nicely. Missy smiled at the prospect of having Haldir come to help her. "Perhaps I could have dinner ready for you and your brothers when you arrive." She said happily. "Very well, then it is settled. I have to make my reports to Lord Celeborn, then go and clean up. Shall I be there about sundown?" he asked smiling. "Of course." she answered. Rumil and Orophin approached. "Missy!" Rumil said holding out his arms to embrace her. She stepped into the embrace and kissed his cheek. "Hello, mellon. I have missed you and your brothers immensely. Haldir caught that last part and looked at her curiously. 'She missed all of us." he thought. Orophin hugged her happily squeezing her. "So how has our little Missy been doing?' he asked. "Lonely, but it is looking brighter now." she looked from Rumil to Orophin questioningly. "Will you both be coming to dinner?" Rumil and Orophin looked at each other. Rumil looked to Missy. "I am afraid not Little one. Orophin and I have arrangements with two fine ladies tonight. Perhaps another time?" he asked hopefully. The two brothers looked to Haldir, who was making a face that Missy picked up as being one that spoke 'No, you will not.' Missy felt a little disappointed. But also nervous that she and Haldir would be alone. "Oh, alright. I understand. Haldir has asked that I help you all decorate your tree as well."She said looking at Haldir who was looking quite proud. Rumil and Orophin excused themselves after saying their 'Hellos' to Galadriel. Leaving the three alone once again. Galadriel spoke up, "Haldir, since you are going to the palace will you care to escort me?" "Certainly,' he said holding out an arm for her to take.'Shall we?" The lady wrapped her arm in the crook of his. He looked back, "I will be there at sundown. Until then." he turned back around, Galadriel smiled over her shoulder at Missy. Missy's mind raced. 'What just happened?' she asked herself. She was almost in a panic. She raced through the market, buying things for dinner. It was late afternoon, and the sun would be going down in just a couple hours. Racing back to her talan, she immediate began setting out the decorations and preparing dinner.