only looked back once over his shoulder, towards his father, who he knew was looking back. The same sombre eyes spoke to him without interrupting his flow of speech with the inattentive Finduilas, who was dressed far too heavily for a day as warm as this. Boromir looked down at his bucket. Looked up at his father. Motioned to Faramir's dry hair and the depth of the water, did a nearly comical mime of a race. His father gave a nearly imperceptible shake of his head. The water splashed down out of the bucket without hitting the child. The shower splashed down over his eyes as the foaming white soap washed down his back. The great wave towered, arched, foaming white at its crest and spitting brine into the backlash, a great green wall of water surging ever onward, unstoppable, rushing forward until momentum overbalanced it and sent it breaking over all— Faramir's eyes flew open. He gasped and felt water choke him. He was drowning, drowning in the sea. Except… the sea wasn't warm. He leaned against the shower wall, coughing, at last coming out of the daze. There had been no summer after. There had been no quiet singing. There had been no consolation when on the shores of Dol Amroth, he had looked out over the waves and felt them swallow him up in a cold shock of sorrow. There had been no one to warm him or to shelter him from the winter wind biting through his funeral cloak. He had met with only sombre faces all those endless hours, and sad songs he could not understand as they carried his mother away to be laid in a tomb. But all that while he had sat so still, been quiet and respectful, and he knew she would be proud. For he was not allowed to sing with those cold voices, though he thought they were far too mournful; and he was not allowed to cry in front of father, though he wanted to; and he was not allowed to run and hide, but must stay beside his brother and do as he was told. And he obeyed, until at last the earth was shoveled and weighed down with a stone. She looked beautiful, mother, carved perfect at peace, though they had forgotten to put a book in her pocket, and had left out the pretty necklace she always wore that had been given to her by father, and the statue was draped in a cloak that was missing the stars. Stars, all up and down the border, all around her throat, sparkling as if the aura of her song bled from her vocal chords even when she was not singing. She could not sing anymore, why couldn't they have remembered to show her magic in the stone? She deserved one song before the end. The mourners had departed, and their father turned to follow. Faramir let go his brother's hand and stepped up to the tomb. He glanced over his shoulder, to seek his big brother's approval. But the eyes were sombre, just like father's, and the older boy shook his head very slightly. Faramir bit his lip and turned away again. He could hurry. He had followed father's word until now, he would continue when he was done, but just this once, there was a higher justice. The little voice sang in the lonely tomb. The key was off-kilter and his voice rose and fell in funny places because of the lump in his throat, but it was a good song, a fine song, and mother would be proud of it. Though his voice was barely louder than the pit, pat of his tears falling on the marble, the echoes carried it across the cavernous ceiling to the ears of the Steward as he stopped in the door. His knuckles turned white on the wood as he passed through the doorway. The boy is weak. He has always been weak. Just like his mother. It was the first bitter thought he had ever had about her, the first he had ever put into words about his second son. It tasted sour in the back of his throat. He could never thereafter manage to wash it away completely, save with the temporary thrill of reinforcing its first immediate sweetness that had hardened his sorrow into hate and the first seeds of madness. The little boy finished his singing, wiped his eyes, and paused only one moment to touch his fingers to the collar of her statue's death shroud, leaving water marks from his tears that looked like stars. Taking one last moment to memorize the vision, he turned and ran back to his brother, who gathered him into his arms in a bone-crushing hug. He had gotten stronger, but there were tears Boromir's eyes as well. "It's all right," he had whispered. "I'll take care of you." All this passed in the space of an instant. The knobs squeaked and the water stopped. The wave passed out of sight, the dream banished into smoke and mirrors, no more than the tentative geometry of light and dark on the clouded mirror. The child had grown tall and strong, gentle and wise, with his mother's voice and visage. He'd lived through the war, both on the battlefield and off. He'd commanded a Company, and seen the crowned King returned again to his throne. And his father would be proud, if he had known that this time the little boy doused with water did not cry, but stepped up out of the river, wrung his hair out, spread a towel on a chair, and sat down to polish his sword. His skin glistened with the facets of the water, like stars around his neck, and as he rubbed the metal with its polishing cloth, he thought of the woman with pale hair and strong eyes who slept below, and began to hum a song no one remembered but him.