could not work with Rumil so close at hand, Celeborn leaned down and pulled Rumil away as Orophin knelt to help. "Brother she needs the breath of Illuvatar. Force it out." Orophin said hurriedly. Haldir laid the lifeless girl back down and bent over her. Pinching her nose, he opened her mouth, and blew breath into her. Her chest rose. Rumil who could only watch, saw this and was relieved when she began to cough. Haldir immediately turned her to the side and allowed the water to flow freely from her lungs. She coughed some more. Haldir sat her up. Rumil relieved that she was breathing again, dropped back to his knees and gathered her up into his arms. Sitting down, he rocked her. "You silly, stupid girl! You could have died." he sobbed lightly all the relief that she was alive. She said nothing, but her eyes slowly fluttered opened, her lips still slightly blue from lack of oxygen. She just stared at him for a moment, then closed her eyes. Haldir sat back glad that she was alive. Standing he motioned to one of the wardens up on the ridge for a horse to be brought. Involuntarily, Eru began to shudder and shiver. Her clothes thoroughly soaked and cold, Haldir leaned down and grabbed his hastily dropped cloak and wrapped it around the girl. Rumil just sat there, holding her close, thankful she was still alive. But her eyes were closed. "Eru! Eru, my dove, come back to me." Rumil said softly stroking locks of hair from her face. She just laid there, her hair cascading over his arm, knotted and wet from her ordeal. Her eyes fluttered open again. This time she tried to speak. Barely audible and weak, she spoke. A tear gathered in her eyes, "I could not leave you behind. I would be near fading if I did. I lo-" she said choking up a little from emotion. "I love you, Rumil." Rumil, almost did not catch what she had said. He stared down at her for the longest time as it sunk in. "You what?" His heart skipped a few beats. 'Did she say, what I think she did?' he thought. "I love you." she repeated weakly. Then her eyes closed again and she was fast asleep. He sat there stunned. Looking up, he turned his head to The Lord and both brothers. He smiled slightly. "She loves me." "And you are just now seeing this? All of Lorien knew before you did." Haldir said annoyed, but smiling at his brother. "You knew?" he asked stunned. "All saw it, but you. It is about time it comes out. Now let us go." Orophin said smartly as the warden brought the horse to them. Haldir bent down and picked up Eru. "I will carry her." Rumil told Haldir. "I do not ever want her away from me again." Promising New Life... Haldir smiled as he held the girl in his arms, waiting for Rumil to mount. He handed Eru to Rumil, who gently laid her across his lap then kissed her on the forehead. Holding her in one arm and then using his free one to take the reins. The journey began for Imladris this way. Rumil riding horseback with the woman he loves in his arms asleep, weakened by her ordeal. The full reality set in, now he not only had to protect his Lord, but also his lady. This pleased him. Many hours into the trip, nearing the last rays of daylight, Rumil hummed as he steered the horse. Eru had not moved since she was placed in his arms. He was brought out of his joy, when she moved. Looking down he smiled at her. "Ah, hello my little dove. Sleep well?" "Rumil, I am sorry for causing you so much pain. But I am not sorry, that I had to come ba-" she was stopped in mid sentence, when Rumil let go of the reins and wrapped his arms around her. His mouth crushing to hers for a searing kiss that spoke of his undying love for her. He had spent countless hours in a day, and many years dreaming of this moment, that Loves realization would come. Their lips danced against each other, their tongues mating fervently. He kissed her thoroughly. It did not last that long, but it was filled with all the love that came behind it. He pulled away and looked down at her breathlessly. They stared into each other's eyes for what seemed an eternity. He whispered, "You know I hated being a breath away from losing you forever. Promise me that it will never happen again. Promise me!" The words were not negotiable, his words mirroring his worry. "Never again, for now I have you." she took his face in her hands and kissed him hotly, which he returned most generously. She pulled away and looked deep into his eyes, "I love you Rumil, for everything you are and the life we will share." "I Love you too. I have for much longer than you realize." he said smiling. Reveled in the feeling as she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him on the cheek. Feeling a little silly, she asked him playfully, "Let me ask you my love, what will be my punishment for being a naughty little elleth?" His mouth slightly curled up in the corner, making him look boyish. "That my love is a secret, and for the rest of our lives I will make you suffer...pleasurably for your little stunt." He emphasized his authority on the situation by giving her a gentle slap on her backside. She smiled up at him. She did not care, all the pain, the hurt and ordeal set behind her, her life with Rumil would be the best thing she ever done. THE END N/A: This is my first Rumil fic. It is a ONESHOT. Hope you like it. Please Review. Erulande: (Air-oo-lon-day)