come here, do you remember Thorongil and Legolas?" "How could I forget the first elf I ever met?" the girl replied shyly. Aragorn was surprised at the difference between the younger, shy girl and her older, outgoing sister. "Not your first Fingaer, there is someone I have wanted you to meet for many years," Scildides replied smoothly. Reminding Aragorn of the child he had met, he smiled. "Elladan! Come out here for a moment!" he called into the house. The elf walked out, looking confused. Scildides smiled broadly. "Elladan, I would like you to meet Fingaer." The elf's eyes widened. "Little Finny?" "Aye, milord," the small redhead said instantly. The elf watched her with disbelief, then hugged both her and Scildides. "I can not thank you enough for saving my brother and Legolas," Elladan began. But Scildi waved him off. "It is like what I always told your brother," she replied smoothly, "No charge." ----- After the Crowning of King Elessar during His first month of Rule--- King Elessar of Gondor watched in amusement as two guards carried a squirming girl into his throne room. "Valar, she looks like she might actually plan on fighting them," Legolas remarked into his ear from the left. "Hush, I am supposed to be a great King, remember?" he hissed back. "My King, this commoner says she has an important message," one of the guards said. "I do, and put me down!" said girl cried indignantly. "Put her down, now, how can I help you child?" "I carry a message from one you have not seen in thirty years. She says that she will see you only if you can figure out whom she is." "What is the message then?" the king asked, his curiosity piqued. "You look to skinny, I wish to make you a meal; my skills are less than what they were. But they are yet decent. I would ask also to see your chain mail. Oh, and Strider, no charge," the girl read from a note. Both the King of Gondor and Prince of Mirkwood laughed till tears ran down their faces. "Guards! Release her; this is a lady of noble birth if my guess is correct. My child, tell Scildides I accept if she will only tell me the place and time!" "I will lead you to her house next week, she asks you bring Legolas and if your lovely wife would allow it herself. She desires to meet the Wife of one she holds very highly." "Tell her we shall be there, but I wish to know, what relation have you to her?" "I am her niece, my mother and I live with her." "Send Scildi my regards, and Fingaer as well, tell them I look forward to our meeting." The girl nodded and left, not dropping a curtsey. She simply smiled at the King and prince and left. Aragorn and Legolas shared another chuckle at the bewildered guards and Aragorn went to inform his wife of this development. --oOo-- Aragorn and Legolas stepped into a brightly lit room, the small house was simple, but homey and well lit. It reminded Aragorn of his home in Rivendell. A woman excited one of the rooms. Her face was oval shaped and her hair mixed with strands of straw colored hair and hay. She was dressed in a simple green dress, akin to those she had worn in Rohan. Her smiled broadened as she embraced the two she knew well, and smiled broadly at the elven queen. "It is nice to see you, in his few letters, Strider has spoken of you," she said in a conversational tone. Her hands idly brushing strands of hair out of her face, making Aragorn remember the young girl he had met forty years ago. She motioned for them to sit down, smiling warmly at the queen. "I believe she was the subject of your last letter?" "Aye, he was, I am sorry, kingly duties you know!" "Ah, but you weren't a king two years ago, if you were you would have known I moved to Gondor. Tell Eowyn I would like to meet her before my death won't you? The daughter of my best friend is important. But come, tell me of yourself!" Legolas and Aragorn grinned and proceeded to tell her of all that had happened, but when the young woman who was her niece left the room Scildides face turned serious. "She has no future in Gondor, Strider. She deserves better. She has all my spirit, but not the friends to express it with. She is scorned by the few girl's we live near due to her Rohirric heritage. I would not ask this of anyone else, but I will not see my niece rot away in this house. Strider, is there any way she could join that hobbit lass as one of your wife's ladies?" "Of course!" Arwen answered immediately. "But I must insist you move up to the palace, surely…" "No, I need to move again. I believe I will go back to Rohan. I may only be sixty, but my time comes soon. I lived a good life, but I need my plains again. Eomer has agreed to take me back when he leaves. Fingaer will stay here, she is in her element about these noble's." She smiled ruefully. "I am glad to be able to see you." "The world will be a sadder place when you leave it Scildi," Aragorn said. "I do not think so, though it may be more calm…" she murmured, her eyes looking out the window towards the setting sun. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ The end! This was a rather odd one shot that came to me whilst I was watching "A Knight's Tale" Scildides is loosely based on the character Kate. Please review and tell me what you think! Disclaimer: I do not own LotR. I own only Scildides and Fingaer. And Blanca and Heoru. Note: Scildides is Rohirric for Shield Maiden. Thank you dreamingfifi!