tree houses all connected with bridges and roped walk ways. She looked at him, her mind still reeling from the shock of his suggestion. "I will help you. It is our guest talan." he said. "You live in trees? Well I am not climbing up there." she stubbornly insisted. "We live in trees. We are tree people. All those who living in Lothlorien, live in trees." he said. The name of the place struck her hard and her jaw dropped. Home of Tolkien's Galadhrim. "Lothlorien." she stammered. "I am in Lothlorien. That is absurd. It does not exist. You do not exist." she said shocked. He furled his brow in confusion, but then quickly disregarded it. He lifted her upon his back and climbed up into the tree house. Setting her on the floor, he led her to a seat at the chair. The house was sparsely furnished. There was a bed, that to Mandi looked quite comfy, the table which she sat at, two chairs, a basin on a table that had drawers under it and nightstand. Minimalistic, she thought. "Wait here, Mandi. I will go and get you food. Haldir is arranging that a healer come and check your feet and cuts. A bath he has ordered and will have two female wardens handle that. You will stay here and wait to see what the lady bids." he said walking toward the door. She listened to him, her mind too tired to argue with him. Not to mention he seemed nice, but when he mentioned someone would help her bathe, that caused her to sober up some. She went defensive. "I do not need help with the bathing. I assure you." she told him. "You are weary, little one. He insists on helping you until we know what else is to be done. Now sit and I will get you food." He said exiting the talan. She thought on what she had heard so far. Lothlorien? Lady of Light? Haldir? The Golden Woods" Those names she knew. The language, was beautiful, but she understood none of it. She spoke English, but now could speak a language that they understood and she understood it back. What the hell? She scratched her head. Searching her mind deeper, she probed the memories. Tolkien. That was the only one that she had read, with names like that. 'No, it cannot be. How?" she shook her head in thought. This is Middle Earth. She then thought on it further. It was apparent that this was not a farce. She figured it out. She was losing her mind. All these years of torment, and torturous memories, was finally taking her off the deep end. The only way to fix it , the only thing that had worked in the past, was to be alone. But how, these people would not let her leave. The lady..yes she would understand and make them let her leave. She would be patient and ask it. Her thoughts were broken, when Rumil returned. A tray of food in his hands. She looked down at the tray, the food looking a little odd. Upon it was different types of cut fruits, cheese and bread looking thingy. Beside it two cups and a small what looked like a bottle made of pottery. She looked up at him. "What the heck is this?" she asked curious. It must have came out sounding rough, cause Rumil looked at her. "It is not to your liking?" he asked looking at her. She sighed. He was being kind to her and she was insulting it. "I am sorry. I am curious is all." she said finally. "Some of the finest foods the border has to offer. Later we will have a stew with fresh, boar meat, and stewed potatoes. Cheese, fruits grown in the Lady's personal gardens, and the bread is Lembas. Whey bread. One bite fills the stomach of a full grown man." said smiling sweetly. Hearing that, she giggled. "Well I, Rumil, am not a full grown man, but a fat obnoxious female. It would take many bites to fill me." she said bluntly. Rumil looked at her, his brows furled in confusion. He looked bothered. "Mandi, why do you speak such things? It is not kind." "Cause, Master Rumil, I am what I am and I know it. It is the knowledge of what I am truly that keeps me grounded." she answered honestly. "I do not like it. Haldir did not like it either. Elves respect all things, not matter what it looks like. To speak so ill of yourself, is wrong." he said as he grabbed the two glasses and began pouring the liquid out of the pottery bottle. It smelt wonderful. He handed her her glass. Taking it, she sipped it. Nearly choking on it as it went down her throat. She settled herself then sipped again. The second go was not as bad. The liquid was just like apple cider with a kick to it. She downed the whole cup. Rumil watched her over the edge of his own cup. "Wow. That was good. What was it?" she asked holding out her cup then taking a bite of the fruit. "Murivor." he said. "Apple wine." "Alcohol. What are you Nuts!" she said shocked. "What are you trying to do, get me drunk? I have not eaten in days, what were you thinking?" she asked him nearly choking. "Not to worry, little one. Will not intoxicate you unless you drink a lot. Promise, but it will warm your blood." he assured her. He waved to her plate. "Now please eat. The healer will be here after you bathe." he said. She ate, the food did satisfied her. The bread done the trick, she was full after one bite. Then the capital idea hit her...'Lembas, the best damned diet bread in the world. She could lose weight on this shit.' her thoughts screamed. Please let me know what you think!