mi vida no tenia sentido Antes de ti no sabia amar His brothers had noted that there was something wrong with him. They both told him that for whomsoever he was suffering love for was not worth what he was doing to himself. They pleaded with him to forget whoever it was, despite the fact that they didn't know who it was or bothers to ask. They both knew that if their brother wanted them to know who it was, he would have told them. However, they suspected who it was, simply because their brother refused to tell them who it was. However, their form of dissuading him from his love was to tell him that he was no longer what he used to be. However, that was not very effective for he didn't like who he used to be. Before he had met Ithil, he had never known what true love was, and his life hadn't meant much. She taught him to love and essentially she was the one that taught him to live. For it wasn't until after he had learned to love he that he realized that what he called life, was not living at all. It was the whole reason that he felt like he could not let Ithil go. Life would once more mean nothing if she was gone, and despite the fact that he was unsure as to whether or not she truly loved him, he would cling to her as long as she would have him. She would remain in Lothlorien for quite sometime, and she was gaining very good practice at escaping her husband to be with him. Haldir, at times, felt sorry for Legolas, for he had a feeling that Legolas actually loved his wife. However, his love for Ithil was too strong for him to linger long on another's pain. He knew that what he felt was sufficient enough pain for him to forget someone else's. Que hago con mis labios Si me ruegan tus besos Que hago con mis manos Cuando suplican tu regreso Que hago con mis noches Que hago con mis días Que hago con tu esencia que se aferra a la mía Dime que hago yo (Repeat X2) Legolas lay very still in bed, pretending to still be asleep as he felt Ithil rise from the bed as soon as the sun lit their room. Very silently she made her way out of the room and silently closed the door behind her departure. After a moment, Legolas turned over onto his back and stared at the ceiling, his heart pounding mercilessly against his chest. It was a great pain to know that his wife didn't love him. It was a greater pain, however, that she had found someone that she did love. Legolas had very easily fallen in love with Ithil, not very long ago. He had begged his father, that when it came time to marriage, that he wanted it to be Ithil and that he must have her for his wife. His father had not particularly liked the idea of marrying his son off to Ithil, who was not of any importance or significance, but as he loved his son, he made it possible. Ithil's parents were only too proud, as should befit any family lucky enough to marry into Royalty, to have their daughter married off to the Prince of Mirkwood. Ithil, was unable to object. However, Legolas had immediately realized that perhaps before the marriage he should have wooed her, for upon their wedding day he could tell that she wasn't particularly happy. However, she was very sweet and feigned happiness, but Legolas could see it in her eyes. She was unhappy about the marriage, and it was because she hadn't been in love with Legolas. However, Legolas believed that he could remedy that and did everything that was in his power to make her fall in love with him and with the testament of time he thought that he had, but it was folly. He hadn't been able to make her fall in love with him; she simply became better at feigning love for him. It wasn't something that she did to be cruel; really it was a courtesy to him. She was so sweet, she couldn't bear the thought of hurting him despite the fact that she wasn't in love with him. It was the reason that she tried so hard to feign that she was in love with him, so that she wouldn't continue to hurt him. Not to mean that she didn't love him, but she wasn't in love with him. It hadn't taken him long to realize once he'd arrived to Lothlorien. He hadn't seen it at first, but after a few days he started to note that she often disappeared, and there were times that he caught her glimpsing at one of the guards of Lothlorien. The look in her eyes told him everything. She looked upon that elf, the way she had never looked upon him. She had fallen in love with that arrogant Haldir, and he hadn't been there to prevent it from happening. As Legolas lay on his back, he thought of her kisses, which were almost cold and ceremonial. There wasn't any passion in them. And her caresses were nothing but courtesy and the type of affection you would hold for a friend that you pitied. Everything she did for him was nothing more than either courtesy or out of matrimonial duty and appearance. Her regard, however sweet, was distant and aloof. Legolas, would have given anything, if Ithil would but look on him the way that she would look on Haldir. However, there was nothing that he could do to help his situation. All he could do was lay in pain in his solitude and ponder what he could possibly do with himself, and feign happiness and joy when she was at his side once more. Que hago yo THE END