her heart and in her memory she wishes to guard him from truth, giving to him lies in its stead. When she leaves, and she must leave him behind, she does not wish to take the sadness of Faramir with her. It is not so long before Faramir recognizes the ashen reflection of sickness in his mother's dulled eyes. They are not silver anymore. They are dead and lifeless and gray. Like his father's. It is midsummer when she takes to bed and does not leave it. He is afraid, but he is even more terrified to ask his father any questions about why his mother has abandoned him to solitude. It is a long while before he can summon enough courage to ask. Five days have passed since he saw his mother for more than a moment. Never in his life has felt more confused, more frightened. He finds the tall and dark stranger outside of her room. Like a lonely shadow, it clings to the door, as if keeping it safe from any harm that may wish to slip inside. Faramir catches a glimpse of a pale, gaunt hand hanging off the knob of the door. "Father?" The figure does not turn, only bows its head a little. "Father, why does mother not come out?" The eyes are upon him. Oh, those eyes! They are dark, darker even than the nearly black face, and gray and cold and he feels a chill in him rising from the pooling fear in his spine. But he must not show that fear. Boromir has said that father does not like to see such failure in him. How would he accept the face of it reflected in a stranger? He could not let Father think he were weak. That is not it at all. It is only that he has always shied away from those he does not know. " You," he says, and it is a growl that Faramir hears, the most inhuman sound he has ever heard. In terror he draws back into the wall. "This is all your fault. You have brought this sickness upon her with your wretched existence! Go away from me! I want you out of my sight." Without question, he runs. He runs as fast as his legs may carry him. And he has never wished so ardently for Boromir, for his mother, in all his life. The days have grown dull, no longer keen and bright with the withering away of summer and the coming of autumn. He has been afraid to go to her, afraid of the man who he knows will be there at the door. Boromir has seen her. Every day he is permitted to cross into the threshold of her sick room. Always he is attended by a servant or his father, but he is given time with her. That is all Faramir desires – time. Is it so much to ask? It is too high an aim for so low a creature? It is very late into the night when he steals out of his room, knowing he must see her again. He misses her so. How long has it been since he heard her laughter or felt a smile press its gentle weight upon her face? Within him, his heart beats frantically, and he cannot push away the ache that rolls through it like falling brambles in waves . He must see her. Oh the excitement that comes in knowing he shall! He reaches the door. No specter remains there, hovering as if over the grave that holds his bones. The knob glimmers in the fractured moonlight that filters in from a crack in the door. His ears are strained to listen for her, for her movements and her voice, but he catches only the whispering darkness and the humming of the wind moving throughout the chamber. His balance slips. His feet stumble, breath snagging on a note of terror in his throat. "Faramir, is that you?" His eyes squeeze shut. "I am sorry. I wanted to see you. Please forgive me, mama!" "I have wanted to see you for so very long, dearest. Let me see your face. Will you not come in and see me?" Inside, the room is nearly empty, and it feels larger and colder than it ever had before. Panic seizes his heart, holds it still as it waits for realization to come, but it never does. He is left again in ignorant darkness. Where his mother keeps him, where he remains in secret and in silence. He finds her nearly buried in her bed, tucked deep into the layers of her many coverlets. She opens them up for him, inviting him wordlessly into the hot cocoon under which she hides. He wonders if she is waiting for something. Like caterpillars wait for wings or trees predict their leaves to fall. Is it transformation she awaits here in hiding? "Faramir, I want you to remember something for me – that I will always love you. No matter how far I am, I will always be there . In spirit and in memory." She holds him very close, so close he can feel her heart beating faintly against his back. "I'll remember, mama. I promise I will." He does not know why, but her closeness feels wet somehow – and the searing hot drops of her nearness rolls down into his hair. " It is his fault." " He is but a child…he has done nothing wrong and yet you set the weight of the world upon his shoulders?" " He should never have been born. He is but a sickly little burden! And now because of his unnecessary existence, he shall take you away from me." " You have already done that for yourself." " You would not let a whelp separate us, Finduilas? Certainly our union is much stronger than that!" " I would rather die than face a lifetime with you."