again so quickly, for me. "What brings four hobbits so far from the Shire?" I ask, just wanting to hear what they'd say. They get these incredulous, upset faces. "You!" They cry in unison, obviously upset. I laugh. Through sheer force of will, I hold the hobbits to me. My arm muscles tire and protest. Death is close, I feel it chipping at my bones. I have many regrets, so I cling to those last, slippery bits of life. But those regrets are unfounded, I tell myself. Everything is for the best. It is. I won't be bitter in my last moments. I won't let my soul sour. I did a good thing, I keep telling myself. A good thing. I wake, and I know this will be my last time. It's nighttime, but even so. Everything is dimmer, fuzzier. A fire spits and pops in the hearth. Red flakes flutter like fireflies, and yellow shapes twitch across the floor. I watch them in a drunken sort of way. They're very pretty. A glance about, and I begin to think I'm alone. No hobbits, elves, dwarves, or great wizards to be spoken of. Then, I think I feel a hand. In my hair. Weaving between platinum strands, scratching softly. It feels pleasant. I make a quiet, accidental sound. The hand stops, stiffens, and pulls away. The loss of that disembodied hand is somewhat devastating. Before I can think anymore on it, a face appears above me. Dim and fuzzy, I can hardly see. I blink and blink some more, squinting into the shadow veil. The face creeps closer. Tan skinned, sharp bone, ribbon curls like midnight. Greyblue eyeballs sitting in deep pits. I know this face, a name sits in the far corner of my brain. "Legolas?" Deep, deep, and thinly accented. Aragorn. This is Aragorn. A helpless, bitter anger wrenches through me. A trick of the eyes, sickly delusion, magic or spell! For Aragorn cannot be here, now. I won't believe it. It would hurt too, too much. And even if this Aragorn were real, I wish not to hear what he has to say. 'Forgive me, I couldn't love you.' Or something along there. He'll apologize, shed a few tears, and send me unto the Halls of Mandos like a good friend. I don't want his friendship. It was the very thing to condemn me. "Please, leave me. Whether you be shade or flesh, leave me." I beg him. I close my eyes against a wash of fresh tears. Though I don't miss the struck expression he wears. "Legolas..." Calloused thumbs rub tender circles into my cheeks. "Look at me, Legolas. I beg thee." He sounds pained and desperate. It tugs at me. Wary and scared, I look. Miserable, as miserable as a man can be. He cries fat, golden tears. They drip and mingle with mine. "Why do you cry?" I ask. "For you, and myself." He says, resting his forehead against mine The ends of his hair itch my throat. I would touch him if I weren't too damned weak. My last chance to do so, even if this Aragorn is a figment of my deteriorating mind. I grit my teeth in barely contained frustration. "Don't cry." I finally say. "You rarely do. Don't start on my account." He sobs. The loud, unrelenting sob of a tot. It stuns me. "Amin hiraetha! Forgive me, A'maelamin!" He falls suddenly, pressing his face to my naked collar. His tears splash me like rain. "I was a fool, Legolas. I-I thought I knew, I just wanted us to be happy! And...And now I've hurt you, killed you! Without you, I dread the rest of my life. Nothing will bring me happiness, nothing." His hands curl into my dressing garb. "Amin mela lle. Know that, please." He urges me, so desperate. I almost don't catch it. But I do. And I'm consumed by something, something grand and terrible. If this Aragorn is the real flesh, then I will die knowing my death is a pointless one. Because he loves me, and I love him. I sacrificed myself for nothing, for a misplaced sense of duty. A lack of communication, the follies of youth. I smile, and watch fire shadows writhe like tribesman. The man I love, confessing to me on my deathbed. Eru is too cruel, to end me in this way. The irony sickens me. My heart breaks for him. I lay my chin on his dark, bobbing head. "I love you, Aragorn. More than life. I'm sorry it took so long." He wails even louder, and clings to me. We weep in these final minutes, and hold one another like we've longed to do. Our fingers lace like careful stitching, and he kisses me with the force of building years. His scruffy hairs tickle me, and I grin into his mouth. I can't feel much, but I feel enough. Enough to fall in love five more times. Then, the strangest thing. Weightlessness fills me up, until there isn't any space for hurt. I might be floating, but I can't be sure. I might be wrapping around Aragorn like a hungry Boa, but I can't be sure. I'm not very tired. I'm not strong, but I'm not weak. I feel life, relief, for the first time in a long time. I can see, and the room keeps getting brighter. It's a very white, white light. Like a summer cloud. Mirkwood isn't a bright place, so I think that might be strange. Brighter, brighter, and brighter. So bright, Aragorn is just a vague outline. But he's still there. And then... Melamin : My love Tenna' ento lye omenta : Until next we meet Nae saian luume' : It has been too long Heruamin : My lord (familiar) Mela en' coiamin : Love of my life Arwenamin : My lady (familiar) A'maelamin : My beloved Sheelala : Spring Festival Amin hiraetha : I'm sorry Amin mela lle : I love you