much interested in any folklore or tales of the happenings." Lothíriel finally looked at them, concealing her surprise quickly behind cool composure. "Of course, my lord King," she said, lowering her head slightly. "I would be happy to satisfy your curiosity in any way I can." Now that her eyes were sweeping the group, her gaze fell upon Éomer, and a look of interest sharpened her features. "Lothíriel, this is the king of Rohan," Imrahil interjected quickly, trying to place a hand on her arm, which she rebuffed. "He has accompanied us on this venture as our great friend and ally. I apologize for not introducing you last night." "Charmed," the lady said, giving him no less respect in her actions than Aragorn, though her words were stiffer. Formally, there were no faults in her conduct, but her true feelings showed through well enough. She did not like him, and he wondered as to the cause. "The pleasure is mine," he replied. "Please, let us depart in haste," Imrahil said. It was clear that he did not wish to linger in his agitated demeanor, and since the guards and soldiers had made short work of the camp, they were soon on their way. The pace was slower than the day before, for the carts that the lady had insisted on bringing plodded behind them. Éomer would have risked a gallop in the heat, if it could mean that they arrive under the shade of trees sooner. He half-listened to Lothíriel's tales to Aragorn - legends of the land, peculiarities of the people, and of the great danger of sandstorms. It was not until a question relevant to him did his interest perk. "What happened to your husband, my lady?" Aragorn asked. Éomer noticed that Imrahil had ridden near to them. He wondered if Imrahil's unhappiness was in part due to his daughter's refusal to confide in him. For she seemed disinclined in look favorably upon her father at the present. "He was trampled on the Pelennor, by the Rohirric charge," she said, unhesitating. Éomer felt his stomach turn to lead, cold tingles creeping up his spine. He had never been accused of murder before, and now it did not sit pleasantly with him. He felt the acute accusation in the pointed way she refused to look at him, while the others were curiously trying to gauge his reaction. His color rose. "At least that is what I was told," she added. "When it comes to battle, who may know." "I regret the death of all good men, whatever side they fought with," Éomer said, as a response was clearly expected in the ensuing silence. "I can personally attest that the twisted mechanisms of Sauron and Saruman have lead to the deaths of many misguided innocents." "Of course," Lothíriel sounded surprised, and her piercing gaze shot to him. "I do not mean to offend, I certainly cannot hold you responsible for your entire nation, commander king or no. And I can hardly fault your actions, for though I have lived among the Haradrim these past years, I have never been aligned with the Dark Lord. His motives and methods were pure evil." Éomer had not noticed the tension in the air until it was released, now, in a hiss. Had others been concerned for her alliance, as the wife of a Harad lord? He could not have doubted Imrahil's daughter, himself. Her nobility shone through her countenance like blazing light, with her steely eyes and proud chin. There was no deception in her. In that way she was not dissimilar to Éowyn, but this lady made him far more uncomfortable. He adjusted himself awkwardly in his saddle, still aware of her scrutiny. "What stories do the Haradrim tell of the war?" This question from Erchirion, who was riding directly behind Éomer, who relaxed as the conversation was drawn from him. For the way the lady had looked at him, he had the distinct impression that she had a practiced memory, and that none of his words would be forgotten. Even as the journey continued, he still felt her sharp gaze on him every so often. What could she be thinking? Best not to worry himself over it. He had enough on his mind as it was. What was the saying that his mother always recited? Sufficient are the problems of each day to itself. If the princess was truly someone to concern himself over, he was sure it would occur later. For now, focusing on not getting sick of heatstroke would be enough. Blasted sun. . . Verse at the beginning of the chapter written by Bill Whelen. This story would not have come to full fruition if not for Riverdance. Most of the chapter titles are named after the dance or song numbers, and one's reading experience would be vastly improved if one were to listen to the playlist provided in my profile. Hint, hint. NOTE: This story is not meant to be canon. It's meant to be fun! I've read many, many (read: all) of the Éomer/Lothíriel stories this site has to offer, and I decided that my own offering would try to take the commonalities in those stories and turn them on their heads. It's been challenging as a writer, but I've loved every minute of it. The events in 'Reel Around the Sun' take place every couple months, excepting a few at the beginning and end that follow consecutive days. As for deviating from dates, let's assume that a) Theoden is already buried in Edoras, and b) Éowyn convinced her dear brother to allow her to live in Minas Tirith leading up to her wedding, as she could not be parted from Faramir. I think that's about it, nearly all gap-fillers one could wish for will be resolved later in the story ;) I only wish for your enjoyment! I will be posting updates every two weeks. Cheers! I promise to never leave another author's note again.