to the unhinged Marchwarden, gThat is not all they talked about in the garden last night. Apparently, our dear Lord Elrond thought that the Lady sent you here with your condition as 'Payback'.h He smiled dryly at the thought. "Payback?h Haldir smiled lightly, and shook his head. gAh, yes, I know what it was he had done to the Lord and Lady while there on his last visit.h he admitted. He looked down at the Elf Lord, gSo tell me, Lord Erestor, why is it that you are not asleep like the rest of them?h He asked waving his head slightly, in the direction of the sleeping party at the tables and floor. Erestor made no expression, his voice came clear and calm, gEar Plugs! I made them from the wax of my candle.h Hearing the reply, Haldir nodded and shook his head, pursing his lips together. Seemed a logical thing to do, smart not to mention. gOh.h was all he said. Erestor, began to walk from Haldir's side to wake Lord Elrond. He commented as he walked, gOh, worry not Haldir, I have an idea on how to help you. I was on my way here to wake Lord Elrond and tell him of it.h As the raven haired Lord approached Elrond, Elrond spoke out softly, gNo, not my house! Haldir, stop!h Hearing Elrond speak such a thing caused Haldir to stop his approach. He felt such guilt for what he done. Erestor hearing HIS Lord speak the words, seem to be amused. He reached out and gently shook Elrond's shoulder. Elrond shook awake. His eyes still drowsy, he looked to his Advisor. gYes, Erestor, what is it?h his voice boomed out lightly as he wiped the sleep from his eyes. "My Lord, I may have a solution on how to help you with Haldir.h he said sounding optimistic. Elrond sat up, looking relieved. He looked to Haldir, his eyes showing all the irritation towards him, that he felt. He looked to Erestor. gAh, good.h he stood up, gCome with me to my study and we will discuss it.h he looked to Haldir, with an arched brow, gHaldir, I trust you slept well.h he commented annoyed. Haldir bowed his head in shame. gAh, I did, MY Lord. I was just made aware of what happened last night. Please accept my apology.h Haldir said humbled and remorsefully. Elrond shook his head and began to lead the two down the corridors to his study, once there Erestor began to explain about the spell that involved both magic and hypnosis. Elrond seemed skeptical as was Haldir, but both were desperate. Erestor said that the spell had been known to work on humans, but on elves, there could be a small risk of side effects. But that did not deter Haldir and Elrond. In an instant both spoke in unison, gWhat kind of side effects?h "Well it is written that the effects would vary, from making strange animal noises to sleepwalking to having bad dreams.h he answered looking down at the book he had pulled from his robes. "I can handle small side effects, let us do it, so no one else will be put out by my snoring.h Haldir said throwing in the proverbial towel. He sat down in the chair behind him looking at both Elf Lords. Erestor and Elrond looked over the spell one more time, then began reciting the chant. Now all they had to do was wait for the night to see what would happen. One Problem solved, another arises... After an anxious day of waiting to see what would happen, it was finally time for bed. Elrond and Erestor decided to wait up in Elrond's library to see what would happen. If anything. All seemed quiet. Haldir had long went to bed. The house was all settled in for their slumber, harmony for a moment seemed paramount. But then a commotion came from the corridor. A strange loud, unearthly laugh, followed by loud banging on the door. Elrond and Erestor thought it was an old friend, Lord Glorfindel playing tricks on them after he claimed he was going to bed, but soon found it was not him. The two Elf Lords opened the Library door and found the entire household awake and standing in the door of their chambers, staring down the hall stunned. Some of the females and some males looked thoroughly looked flustered. Arwen stood beside Aragorn, her mouth practically on the floor. Both Elladan and Elrohir was moving their heads in disbelief, their eyes moving from their crotches and then back up and down the hall again. Elrond cocked his head wondering what could have happened. Everyone soon moved back again their doors as if to get out of the way of something. The unearthly laugh happened again, and this time, both Elf lords were nearly thrown back into the Library in shock. Haldir came down the hall wearing nothing but a cloak, laughing, waving his hands, his eyes wide and a grin that could not be described with words. He laughed out into the shocked faces of the two Lords and opened his cloak. After showing off his 'elf love muscle and berries' he ran off continuing down the hall and back into his chambers, the door slammed and all the people in the corridor stared at the Marchwarden's door shocked. Elrond and Erestor looked at each other stunned. Erestor shook his head, gWell, back to the drawing board. I told you that one of the side effects was sleepwalking.h He told Elrond. Elrond smiled broadly. IT was amusing, this turn of events. gYes, you did, but you did not mention about him becoming a 'Sleepwalking Flasher'!h he giggled, sounding just like a child and looking on the bright side of things, gBut at least his snoring has stopped.h THE ENDFor NOW! Soon to follow, Part Deux of the story in the series...Haldir's Big Problem: What the Hell Happened to me? PLEASE REVIEW...