had a feeling for a while, that Haldir's opinion of her had changed. Matter of fact, she knew it had. She felt it to, cause truthfully, her heart was changed towards him. She loved and admired him as a dear friend at first, but that love of friend, had changed to something much more. She found at times once she returned to her own talan, that he mind, thoughts, and heart ached from his absence. Her dreams had taken strange turns. Ones of which spoke of desire to be with him fully, completely, and bonded. She hoped and dreamed of it nightly, her heart near the point of screaming it was so strong. But did she dare to tell him? She had left to go home two hours ago, but it was not home she found herself, but wondering the city, her mind in deep thoughts of her future. Since Tarion and Beth left, it had been nothing but her, Haldir and little Halmirion. Though some would think it strange that a mother and father would leave behind a newborn, their choice to leave it with two of the most trusted of people was not. Lilly found playing mother to Halmirion, almost natural, just as watching Haldir playing father, was. Surely, during their time, something was bound to change. Her thoughts were broke when Haldir came to stand next to her by the banister. She glanced at his profile, and felt proud having him stand there. So regal, strong, courageous, and deep down kind. He was arrogant, but she found right off many years ago, that he only did that when on duty, any other time he was softer towards others. His face shined in the moonlight, he glowed with the aura of soft blue. She loved him, and knew it ran deep. Perhaps she even did as a child. But could Haldir every love her back? Haldir waited for her to say something. He felt her eyes on him. "What are you thinking, Lilly?' he asked, his voice smooth as silk, yet strong enough to speak of his authority. She didn not know how to respond, dare she tell him the truth. She searched for an answer and found one. "I was thinking of how many, too many, coincidences have brought us to this time and place. My leaving for so long. You disagreement with Tarion. Your growing haughty behaviors. All of it was responsible to bring us to this place." she commented. "Not to mention, how the Lady meddled into my personal life. Involved you, even. You hatched your little trick to cause a truce between me and your brother. That was sneaky I must say. And the fact that your brother and my ex lover decided to leave their child in Middle Earth. But their biggest one, was leaving two strangers, their godparent. Yes many coincidences indeed." he stopped and looked at her. He turned his body to face her fully. "But, despite it all, is it worth it?" She looked up at him, her eyes filled with certainty. "Yes. Most definitely. I could not think of two better people to raise Halmirion. He is loved, protected, cared for, and adored by all who spends time with him. Thanks to all the coincidences, it led me home where I belong and to the people I love." she admitted. Haldir stared at her a moment. She had said it..Love. But what did that actually mean? He looked back out upon the city, he thought on the words to say. "You say it brought you to the ones your love. What does that mean exactly?" he asked bracing himself for what she may say. He felt her hand reach for his. He looked down at her hand over his and then back at her. She looked up at him, her eyes filled with something he could have only dreamed of. Love and hope. "What I mean is..I love you , Haldir. I think I always have, even before I ever left Lorien. These past months, my heart began to realize it more and more." He was take aback at her admission. She loved him, just as his heart had hoped. He said nothing for a moment but only stared into her eyes. He moved closer to her, his head slowly descending to hers. He stared at her face, as if to study every line, his eyes landed to her lips. His mouth was mere centimeters of hers. He spoke softly. "I love you too, Lilly. It has been my greatest wish to tell you. I have one request." She stared at him as he pulled her closer, her body flush against his, her hands upon his chest. "What is that?" "Bind with me, for all eternity." he said his voice husky with the request. His body solid against hers, was stirring with desire. She smiled, then closed her eyes. Joy came into her face as she reopened her eyes and looked at him. "Yes. I will bind with you." she whispered. His lips crushed to hers, their mouths dancing against one another, their feelings becoming clearer. They both felt the beats of their hearts joining together in unison. Her hands melted into his hair, their kisses becoming stronger, more needy, more intense. Before losing complete control, Haldir began to back off some, showering her face with little kisses. He spoke softly. "You have made me very happy, this night." he kissed her a few more times, then continued, "I promise to be the best husband to you, and father to any children we may have." he kissed her close to her mouth and said before he did, " Promise you will sail with me to the undying lands when the call comes." he looked in her eyes. "I promise, my love." she said, then closed the distance and kissed him again. This was the first night, of the rest of their lives. The End... Pronunciation: Tarion-(Tah-rye-on) Bethiel-(Bay-the-ell) Halmirion-(Hal-meer-ion) Lillienne-(Lil-lee-yen)