safety and that of our children come before my personal desires." "Fine words," she said. "For you to go die a hero's death." The only sign of her words affecting him was a slight tilt of his brows. "My death is not part of the plan, Lot. If the wildmen are coming to attack us here, those who cannot and should not fight must be evacuated immediately. Edoras is to be turned into a barracks." She fought back tears, folding her arms across her chest in anguish. "I cannot agree with this! I understand if you were to ride out, but to send us away!" "It is to keep you unharmed." "I cannot - I will not -" She lost control, struggling to release her anger but only succeeding to jumble words through raking tremors. She was spinning into a dizzy haze of disconnect. What was happening ? She swallowed a cry and buried her face in her hands, shaking violently. "Lot..Lothíriel. Calm down." Éomer's strong hands were on her arms, trying to pull them away. Unsuccessful, he finally just gathered her in a tight embrace, rocking her slightly and trying to explain into her hair. "This is the way it must be. You will lead those who cannot fight to Aldburg, where you will be safe and protected by Elfhelm's men. The fighting will not go that far. It is only for a little while, I promise." "I… I cannot do this alone." Her voice was muffled in his skin, still damp from their lovemaking. "Surely you can. This is one of those times your iron will shall come into great use." "I meant," she gulped and turned her head that she might breathe. "I cannot do this without you. I cannot...cannot live without you. You are necessary to my survival as my heartbeat or breath in my lungs. Send all others away, I understand, but please do not force me to leave your side." "There is no other option." Do not show fear. Do not show fear. Somehow a semblance of her self returned, and with determination Lothíriel pulled herself from her husband, taking a deep breath and looking upon him with a steely gaze, resolved to do her duty. "Arrange for criers to be sent into town while I dress the children. I will depart with my contingent at noon." . . Their little parade - Éomer in front, carrying Ebba and holding Aoife's hand, with Lothíriel falling behind - was only a part of the chaos that was building near the royal stables. Little Elfwine had fallen asleep soon after he had been strapped to her back, but Aoife was downcast as she stumbled along, and Ebba was sucking her thumb and sniffling into her da's shoulder. They were not the only children upset by the evacuation, evidenced by the wailing scenes around them, but Lothíriel was grateful for teaching them to only show emotion in private for the disheartening effect it had on others that might be watching. Her own pain was compressed and hidden deep inside her chest, but the sorrow of the goodbyes she saw brought about fresh pangs. "I am sending you on Firefoot," Éomer said suddenly as they walked through the heavy doors. Most of the horses were already gone, but at the very end of the stable the retired war-horse was munching lazily on some hay and ignoring the energetic noises and jumping from the stallion located in the stall next to him. Sunfire, Éomer's current mount, was a brilliant golden color, which matched his fearlessness but also betrayed his youthful vanity. Lothíriel cooed to him a few words before she passed on, and the stallion quieted as she patted his nose briefly. Éomer had opened the elder horse's stall door, barking a few words to Firefoot to coax him out of his gluttonous daze. "He will keep you safe," he continued, putting Ebba on the ground near her mother so that he might saddle the horse. "He knows you, and he knows danger. There is life left in his bones, and he will not hesitate to trample any foes should you be attacked. Or he'll turn tail," he added after a moment. "He has a good instinct for a winning or losing battle." Ebba was swung up in the front, and Aoife behind. Seeing her daughters' increased fright, and panicking this moment of farewell, Lothriel felt her heartbeat quicken. Her distress must have been evident, for Éomer immediately pulled her into a crushing hug without jostling little Elfwine. "It must be this way," he whispered. "I will send word of the conditions, I swear. Find Elfhelm's sister, as she effectively runs Aldburg herself. Please - please, do not worry yourself overmuch!" "Huh!" It was a croak, and she was ashamed that her lip trembled as Éomer let her go to stare intently into her face. "I will worry, husband mine, and it will only lessen when you return to me whole and unscathed." For an unknown reason, he began to laugh, and kissed her brow before lifting her so that she could throw her leg over the saddle. "I will write if I can," he said as she gathered the reins, his hot hand lingering on her calf. Aoife's arm wrapped around her waist, almost hurting. He stepped aside and clicked his tongue at Firefoot, who started before he began trotting out of the stable. Lothíriel turned once more, wrenching at the sight of Éomer's lone figure leaning on the stable post watching after them. Then he was gone, and she was blinded by the sudden bright sunlight. Firefoot trampled down the path to the gates, and lined himself neatly at the front of the growing exodus. Lothíriel sighed to herself, but said aloud, "We will be safe. Father will see to that." . . I love reviews, but I feel silly asking for them. I would appreciate feedback, in any case, and I'm always trying to improve :)