Celeborn sat there listening to what was said. He sat forward, he could feel his wife's mind at work on what to do. Galadriel sat there taking her fore finger and tapping it to her lip in thought. Celeborn looked at his sister and brother-in-Law, "There is something that may help. I know it. Galadriel what if we-" his thought was finished for him. "We could blood adopt her." The Lady said gazing at her sister-in-law and brother-in-Law. The couple looked at her stunned. It was a practice long forgotten and never performed. A child could be adopted by parents in this fashion and truly be their flesh. It was not performed anymore cause of the risk of death to the child. Elven couples had been known to take elflings and join their blood with that of the child and death was rarely recorded. Death was rare, but possible. Maeolari stood, his gait strong and almost angry, he stalked to the window. "Absolutely Not! I will not risk my daughter's life doing it." Shelowyn sat in thought, spacing out into what the future would hold for Arlothiyenne if they did this. The result was that she would survive and it could be the answer they needed to protect her. Seeing Shelowyn's thoughts the Lady looked at Maeolari. "Maeolari, it is our only hope for her. To mask the truth of who she is. It is the only way. I understand your concern, I know the risk, but I believe fully that she will show no ill effects. She is elven and mostly the death in the children before was because somewhere in their bloodline, they held human genes. This will work." Maeolari shook his head. "I have never heard of a child surviving such an act. Never." "My Love, we have to try. I think that if we pray for the valar, since they gave us this gifted child, they would not allow harm to come to her. It is the only way." Shelowyn pleaded. "My brother-in-Law, I have to agree to this. I would be honored if you allow me and my lady wife to adopt her. Though I only met the little one a short while ago, I already look at her as my own. I believe, this will work." Celeborn agreed. Maeolari turned sharply, "I am still left in the dark about why it is pertinent to hide her bloodline. Why is it so necessary? Cause of my father?" His questioning came as a shock to Celeborn and Shelowyn. Did he know? Galadriel cocked her head to the side in wonder. "Tell me Maeolari of what you knew of your father?" she asked him. "My uncle stated on many occasion when I asked, that my father was a strange elf. One that was mysterious, but yet no one save my mother, know of the true nature of him. One day he was there, the next he was gone. He did this countless times I was told, but when my mother birthed me and then he disappeared, she said he was killed. She took it with her to the Halls of Mandos." he said looking quite perplexed. Shelowyn had an inkling he may have known some, but not all. She stood and went to stand next to him. "My love when I met you, I saw your past including the history of your father. He was strange and had powers of his own, and they were how should I say, not right with the Valar. This bad blood, is what will attract unwanted attention to the evils of this world. That is what were are trying to prevent. It is not that you are bad, or your mother, but him. Understand that it is no fault of yours what he did." she said wrapping her arm about his middle. "Why is it I feel as though you are not telling me all on purpose?" he asked. "Maeolari, the past is your past. You cannot change it. Just know that you are far better than he and it is best you know no more than what was said here." Celeborn said gazing up at his brother-in-Law. For the first time in many centuries, he felt compassion for this elf. He had been a good husband and father to his sister and niece. He smiled. "Worry not, brother-in-Law. This will work." Maeolari gave up but a looming questions remained. "Can you assure me this will not cause my little girl's death?" Galadriel smiled warmly, "I would not have suggested it, if I thought it would, but it may be just what we need to mask the evil blood." "Then I will trust you, but know, I do not fully agree. It is like giving up a part of me." he said. Shelowyn squeezed his middle and kissed his cheek. "No, not giving up, but adding to it." Celeborn said smiling. The lord and Lady stood next to one another, ready to leave. "It is time we retire for the night. Haldir's brothers are standing outside waiting to take you both to your talan. We shall speak of this further another time. Rest well and peacefully tonight. Tomorrow Celeborn and I have a busy day of elfling sitting." The Lady said smiling at her husband. "Aye, we do indeed. Until the morrow, good night." he said taking his wife's hand and leading her behind him out the door. Rumil and Orophin stood at attention as the visitors emerge from the Main Hall with the Lady and Lord of Lorien. After being told where to lead them, the two brothers led them over the series of bridges and stairs to their temporary home. Note: Sorry this is so long. The prologue from my original writing has been inter-weaved with some of the story of Shelowyn and Maeolari. I did this to add a little depth in knowledge of where Arlothiyenne's heritage lies. Up next...Prelude Chapter Two Prounciations: Erinwen-(Air-en-wen) Ninnia-(Nin-yah) Shelowyn-(Shell-oh-wen) Maeolari-(May-oh-lar-ee) Arlothiyenne-(Are-lo-thee-yen)