kissed her, his hands roamed down her stomach, to the soft tangle of curls of her womanhood. Parting her folds, he found the bundle of nerves there and began to rub his hand, ever so gently. At this she stirred. He stopped kissing her and looked at her face, that now glowed with the candle light. She eyes fluttered, still heavy with sleep, she moaned out at the pleasure he was bringing to her as he stroked her heated spot. Then as if realizing she was not really dreaming, her eyes opened shocked. She tried pushing him off her, but all he could do was shush her. "Sh sh sh, my little butterfly, it is time for your flying lesson." he said softly, his voice like silk. She pushed. "Haldir, what-" she realized she was naked. "How dare you!" she said shocked. It was at this moment Haldir began to stroke her core even more, sending the heat surging through her. He should not be here, but yet how can I stop him?" she thought in the fog of her pleasure. For weeks he had been playing and toying with me, sending my dreams reeling into nights of pure wantonness. He dipped his head low to take her nipple into his mouth, sending her back surging upward to meet his mouth fully. His erection pressing deeply into her leg. She moaned out his name again, and even shocked herself, when she called out "Take Me!" This told Haldir to continue which her did. He leaned up and moved her legs apart. Spread wide, she felt the cool air hit her now overly heated flesh. She could not take it much more of his torture, she wanted the release, to feel him. Haldir leaned over her and kissed her as he positioned himself between her thighs. In the heat of passion, breathlessly she said to him, " What do I do now, for I have not been with a male?" He chuckled, knowing she had not. "I know," he said softly, tenderly he kissed her. "It will only hurt a moment, but you will fly My butterfly. This I promise." He began to push his way to stretch the opening with one finger, then two. Feeling the wetness, knowing she was ready, he took his now swollen and rock hard member and put the tip to the opening then began to push slightly. "Wrap your legs around me." he commanded softly. She did. With one even stoke, he thrust himself into her core. The tearing of her barrier caused her to scream out in pain. Her hands shot to her mouth. Haldir leaned forward as a tear formed, "Shhh, my sweet, the worst is now over." His sweetness and tenderness in the moment, touched her deeply. He was a strong, sweet and tender lover, this made the moment more special to her. She reached up and took both side of his face in her hands. He looked down at her, his eyes darkened with passion. Feeling the adjustment, getting better, the muscles relaxing he began to move inside her, kissing as he did. He moved slowly at first, but slowly his strokes became faster. His breathing labored as was hers. Huffing and puffing his way into oblivion. Her sweet surrender, causing his heart to soar. He loved this woman, plain and true. As the strokes became quicker their hearts, through a connection that only two who were meant for one another could feel, beat as one. To them both, the world around them, faded and the only thing they could see was each others souls. The flash of white then the burst into total ecstasy. The release came for both of them in the same moment, both growled out each others names. The shuddering of them both, came like a quake in the earth. Their hearts were now joined in that moment. Haldir collapsed on top of her, and began kissing her cheeks, her chin, her jaw. The moment had come. He could never live without her. She was his, and he was hers. After the shuddering of her muscles stopped, Haldir pulled out and laid to the side, pulling her closer to him. They snuggled into the warmth of each others arms. Silence came as they both realized what had happened. They were bound. What had started as little game, had came to a love that Haldir had never thought he would find. Before they each fell asleep, they looked into each others eyes. Smiling softly, Linessa spoke. "What was that, Haldir?" she asked. "Our souls touched." he replied sleepily. She was silent a moment. When she said nothing, Haldir looked down at her. Her brows furled together in thought. "Then that means...we are now bonded. Does it not?" she asked. It had not donned on Haldir til this moment. She was right. He had not asked her, their hearts just decided. "Yes, as custom has it, we are. Are you disappointed?" "No. I am happy. I did not reveal this, but my sights had been on you for sometime, my MarchWarden." she admitted. He looked down at her stunned and could not believe it. He smiled broadly, "I am glad my wife. But I have a confession." She looked at him confused. "Oh, and what is that?" "While we were releasing, I was hoping that a little elfling would be conceived." he said bluntly. She propped herself up on her right elbow and looked down at him. "Confession here too...so was I." Elven tradition states, that if the bound couple's hearts agree on a child then it will be so. Knowing this Haldir smiled and reached up and brushed aside a strand of hair from her face. "Then, my wife, we have a year to prepare. I love you." "I love you to." she said as she bent to kiss him. The End. N/A: This is the first time in Print. Let me know what you think. Please REview!