tauntingly before Pippin eyes, then, savoring what he was about to do, bent to slice off the ear. Freddy didn't hesitate but threw his own knife, embedding it into the eye of the Man who held Pippin. Pippin dropped to the ground and used the momentum of the fall to roll to the side. Avoiding the falling dead man he was able to retrieve his sword and deal a fatal blow to the one still standing, frozen in confusion from the unexpected attack. Pippin limped back to Freddy, anger, disgust and pain writ across his face. He went back into the cave and Freddy followed, legs weak as the adrenaline wore off. He found Pippin sitting on a rock, head in his hands. The bloodied sword was leaning against the rock as well, but within easy reach. Once Freddy had suspended a kettle over the fire to heat some water Pippin finally looked up. "Forgive me, Freddy," "Whatever for?" asked Freddy in surprise. He carefully added some tea leaves to the water, wanting to calm his own nerves. "For once again misjudging you," sighed Pippin. "I'm afraid I have made that mistake more than once during the length of our acquaintance. Never really taking you seriously. Not believing you capable of much. Just thinking of you as 'good old Freddy'. I have been a terrible friend to you, and hope you can find it in you to once more forgive me." Freddy smiled and even chuckled. "Pip, I never doubted your friendship. Our friendship has been rocky at times, but I have never cared for you any less than I have for Merry, or Frodo. It's the way we are; you, me, Merry, Folco and Frodo, even Sam when it's not above his station." Pippin laughed. "We have always been quite a team haven't we?" He sighed. "Nonetheless, I haven't treated you as you deserve." "Don't fret on it," said Freddy, uncomfortable at best with apologies. "I expect to be well rewarded for this. Like having your ration of apples for the rest of this endeavor." Pippin nodded solemnly and stuck out his hand. "Agreed." They shook on it and Pippin brought Freddy his supply of apples, presenting them with an elaborate bow that made Freddy chuckle. "Where did you learn to throw like that?" asked Pippin after a few moments. "You hit him right on." "I know," answered Freddy grimly. "Unfortunately learning to throw a knife has been a precaution taken by many hobbits, good self defense. I have had to kill before." Pippin winced. "I know what that is like." Pippin rose and took up his sword as he headed out of the cave once more. "Where are you going?" asked Freddy. He didn't relish the idea of Pippin venturing out. If there were more Ruffians about they might not stand much of a chance. "I'll be back," said Pippin. "If I have any more trouble have no doubt I'll call you." He left and Freddy sighed in exasperation. But worry was needless as Pippin returned shortly. He handed Freddy back his knife, thoroughly cleaned. His own sword had been replaced in its scabbard. They spent the rest of the day in pleasant conversation, speaking lightly and exchanging memories of certain events. It was amazing how the same events could be seen so differently, but then Freddy was ten years the elder and of a different temperament, so he was bound to have a different perspective. They had quite lost track of the time when suddenly there was a shout from outside the cave. They both sprang up and Pippin sighed in relief. "It's Merry," and he moved as swiftly as possible to the mouth of the cave calling as he went- "We're all right! We're both still here!" Freddy shook his head, thinking what it must have looked like to those returning. Coming upon two dead Men with no sign of himself or Pippin. For all their friends knew the Ruffians could have killed one another, after killing himself and Pip, or been part of a larger band that had dragged them off. Soon Merry and the others were in the cave exclaiming over what they had seen. "Are you all right?" Merry had Pippin by the shoulders and was staring into his cousin's eyes, looking for any sign of hurt, beyond the livid bruise on Pippin's cheek. "We're fine, Merry, both of us. You should see Freddy throw a knife!" Pippin squeezed Merry's arm reassuringly and explained what had happened, making much of Freddy's bravery and skill. Most of the group moved back outside to dispose of the bodies while Merry filled the other two in on what they had found. "Well, it seems you two cleared out the last of them," said Merry. "We found a few fresh signs but there were no more than two Ruffians. We made very sure of the numbers and explored thoroughly. It seems those two were even intent on leaving but we couldn't be sure. It gave us quite a fright when we found their trail turned in this direction. You both handled yourselves very well, which doesn't surprise me. But now it's over, really over." They were silent for a moment each thinking his own thoughts of Ruffians and Men in general. "I guess we can finally go home," said Pippin. "Settle back in and go back to life as it ought to be. What we have longed for, for months." He laughed aloud, and Merry joined him, pulling both Pippin and Freddy into an embrace. Freddy smiled, relieved at the prospect of home and no more worries. The Shire was safe; hobbits could live their lives in peace and safety, as it should be. True, it would take some time for the Shire itself to heal and there might always remain scars, and some bad memories would take time to fade, but they were ready for healing. Freddy threw back his head and joined in the laughter.