end and covered in strange smelling mud that dribbled down its face, leaving a trail of brown against the green. He shoved it back, cursing the lack of a weapon to smite down the beast, yet oddly invigorated as it seemed an age since he had last fought a foul creature. It disappeared under the water, then bobbed up again, its face appearing to melt and slide, its arms reaching out to latch onto him again. With a look of disgust, Legolas once again pushed the creature back and under the water, this time holding it there. It struggled, causing him to close his eyes against the splashing water, whilst he kicked his legs in an effort to keep his face above water level. The water was discoloured by whatever the creature had in its hair and he had no desire to put his face in that. Quickly, the creature became limp, bubbles breaking the surface as its struggles ceased, and Legolas grimly let go edging back slightly and peering in the water to confirm that he had killed the creature. His eyes narrowed as it bobbed to the surface, face down. With a sinking heart and a curse he saw that the creature appeared to be human, the skin of its naked form faintly blue from the cold, its arms drifting out to its sides. Muttering a curse, he took hold of an arm and flipped it over confirming that, despite the shorn hair, it was a woman. He peered into her face seeing that the green skin appeared to be some sort of mud covering her face and that a good deal of it had been removed in the struggle. Her eyes were closed, and she breathed not, though her heart still continued to weakly beat. Moving as fast as he could, Legolas swam to shore, the woman grasped under one arm, her head lolling in the water. Pulling her up onto the bank, he quickly tilted her head back, held her nose close with her fingers and, ignoring what green mud remained around her mouth, covered it with his and blew gently into her lungs. He turned to watch her chest descend before repeating the process. "Come, lady." He murmured to her softly as he watched her expel his breath. "Live!" A third time he covered her mouth with his and blew life into her lungs. With a gasp, she suddenly arched her back, before violently coughing up large amounts of lake water. Legolas quickly turned her onto her side, rubbing her back, feeling the coldness of her skin under his warm fingertips. Relief that he hadn't killed her flooded him, and he sat back on his haunches watching her as she continued to cough up the water she had inhaled. His gaze took in her details before he turned to gather his cloak to wrap around her. She was tall, her hair quite dark and extremely short. The faint scars on her abdomen showed that she had given birth to at least one babe, though her breasts still were firm and showed no signs of the endearing droop that many mortal woman displayed after birthing many children. She had the straightest, neatest scar he had ever seen near her right hip, which might have indicated that she was some sort of warrior. But her hands were soft and showed no sign of being used to holding weapons or for labour. A lady then perhaps? Her ears were strangely punctured with little holes, something that would have caused an elf a great deal of pain, but which would give a human only a short span of discomfort. Had she performed a trial of some sort, proving her strength? Wrapping his cloak around her, he sat her upright and rubbed his hands up and down her arms encouraging her circulation while he waited for her to get her coughing under control. He used the edge of the cloak to wipe some more of the green mud from her face, and she turned to peer at him, her brown eyes slightly glassy and confused. Seeing him sitting behind her naked made her cough some more before she tried to edge away from him, her breathing becoming panicked. He restrained her with an hand on her shoulder. "Sit still, lady," he said quietly, trying to calm her, "I mean you no harm." He almost grimaced at this as he had, of course, caused her harm and he was feeling guilty for it. She peered at him again, and spoke to him in a low voice, but Legolas did not know the language and it was obvious that she did not understand him so they ended up staring at each other in confusion. She frowned, an expression that seemed to come all too easily to her face and she repeated the words, this time with a hint of desperation to them. Shaking his head, he stood and ignored the way she suddenly averted her gaze from his nakedness. Picking up his clothes he considered them, then her. She was icy cold and needed warmth, but her hips and chest were too broad to fit into his elf slender clothes. Quickly pulling them on, together with his boots and weapons, he returned to her side to find her huddled and shivering. Her toes and fingers were almost lavender from cold, her breathing unsteady. She was rocking slightly as if in shock. Frowning, he crouched by her side, and took her shoulders, encouraging her to stand. She came to her feet unsteadily, shivering all the more as the cloak fell open, but she seemed not to notice. Concerned, Legolas wrapped the cloak firmly around her, then lifted her up into his arms. She was tall and she was heavy. Inelegantly, Legolas stumbled up the hill towards the camp, his elven hearing determining that Gimli was still asleep and snoring loudly. "Bloody dwarves sleep through anything", he muttered. As mentioned earlier, feedback is appreciated!