of the ring. The other Man was A tall figure, not as tall as Sauramon but still daunting in size. His outfit was peculiar at best. Aragon just realized how quiet the battle had become. A blanket of silence seemed to settle around them. Neither man noticed Aragon, their eyes were locked on each other, as if daring the other to make the first move. Before Aragon could even realize that someone had moved a bolt of lighting flew from Sauramons, staff and struck the area were other man had been standing seconds ago. The other man had rolled to the side and was now running at Sauramon. Bolts of lightning were flying past the large man, missing him by scant inches. Aragon could feel the heat of the bolts warming his face, searing his eyebrows. Sauramon twirled his staff, emitting a orange light, that wrapped around the air itself, and for a second, Aragon could not draw breath it was as all the oxygen had been sucked out of the air itself. The light expanded and contracted into itself, finally dissapparating, with a brilliant flash of light leaving a legion of trolls in its place. The man dressed in blue jumped on the nearest troll, and jammed his thumb in its eye. The troll let out a howl of pain, flailing its arms in the air. One of the blows landed cleanly into the mans side. The man Grimaced slightly but Launched his fist into the troll and drove it threw to the other side. He picked up the nearest rock and brought it down on the second trolls head, effectively knocking it out. The third Troll came at him and released its fist into the mans stomach, and brought his other arm down on the mans head. The man fell to the ground, and strangely enough he was grinning. Aragon didn't know who the man was but if he was fighting Sauramon chances were they were on the same side. Aragon picked up his sword and ran at the troll, and jumped into the air, and managed to cleanly bring the sword through the head, and out of the chin. The troll slumped to the ground, and as Aragon turned to Sauramon, he was caught in the chest with a ball of fire that carried him back, and sent him skidding across the ground finally coming to a stop when his back slammed against a rock. Tom lay facing the ground, laughing blowing dust back into his own face with each breath of air he let out. The man Aragon had jumped to attempt to save him, he must remember this. Sauramon felt that he held the upper hand, he stood there the feeling of superiority leaking off of him. Tom felt himself sliding to the Demon side of the scale, Dangerously fast. He felt the power in him rising. It was coming to a high, he hadn't felt this way in years. Sauramon brought the staff down on his back and it started to heat up drastically, Tom relished the pain and let it feed his rage. Sauramon stood above him, feeling superior, ready to deliver the final blow. His staff glowed with power, and the heat was radiating off it. Sweat dripped of Toms nose, falling to the ground with drips and drops that seemed to echo in the soundless bubble they were in. The rage was almost at its peak, and his eyes were a fiery red, casting a reflection off the ground. Sauramon raised his staff high above his ehad and brought it down with thunderous force, splitting the ground it touched sending a shockwave throughout the field sending smoke high up in the air. When the Smoke cleared and Sauramon stared down at his adversary expecting him to be lying there. Instead just lie a crater and rubble. Sauramons face contorted with rage and confusion. He scanned the battlefield looking for Tom, but to no avail. Suddenly lighting struck throughout the sky, the lightning was crimson red as if tainted with blood. The clouds exploded apart like a balloon being popped, and something was dropping at frightening speeds. Tom had jumped hi into the sky at the last minute and let all of his rage out. He plummeted to the ground, a grin on his face. His fist grew red from the friction of the fall. Finally he was within 100 feet of the ground, and Sauramon gained the sense to move. Tom struck the Ground, and person on the field flew into the air, squeling in fear. The turmoil in the air was almost tangible, and Tom fell the ground cracking quickly under his knuckles. He darted after Sauramon, within seconds he was in front of him. Sauramons face gave nothing away, but Tom could see in his eyes, that he was trembling in fear. Tom threw his Fist into Sauramon, who flew back. As Sauramon flew back dust gathered around him like a whirlwind, and as his back slammed against Mt. Doom, an indent of Toms fist formed itself in the side of the mountain. The indent was 10 feet high, and caused the entire structure to shake, Rocks crumbled off and started rolling down causing panic down below. Tom let grin slide out with no attempt to hold it back. Tom Jumped up into the air and landed on the entrance leading to the Adrenium. Running inside, destroying anything that stood in his way, he made his way to the inner chamber. Standing in front of the Adrenium, his excitement grew. He reached for it, and felt the energy of it radiating off it. When suddenly he was bound by snake like chains. He fell to the ground and rolled on his back, and tried his best to break the chains but to no avail. Tom rolled on his side and looked towards the mouth of the cave, he saw two Gray feet walking towards him. "Hello Tom" Said Gandalf.