he didn't bite, and coax his shy guest to come out? He considered how he would deal with his little cousin Merry in such a situation, and a plan rapidly took shape in his mind. Frodo turned round again and yawned elaborately. "Oh! I'm so tired!" Frodo exclaimed. "I think I'll lie down on this fine bed!" A muffled gasp was heard from beneath the bed, and Frodo suppressed a giggle. Continuing the game, he took another step back toward the bed, and then gave a startled yelp. "But wait!" he cried. "There's someone under the bed! Who could it be?" The bed remained silent. "Hmm. Perhaps I'll have a guess, then," Frodo said. "Is it... Hamfast Gamgee?" This time the silence was broken by an incredulous snicker. Encouraged by this evidence that his visitor was enjoying the game, Frodo continued, "no, perhaps not. I can't imagine why Hamfast Gamgee would be hiding under my bed; he has plenty to keep him occupied elsewhere. I'll have to guess again. Could it be... Mayor Whitfoot?" A muffled giggle escaped from the bed. "No, the Mayor is a very busy hobbit. He'd scarcely have time to pop under my bed, would he?" said Frodo. "Aha! I've got it. It must be... an Elf!" The bed gasped in delight, and Frodo smiled. "On the other hand, one of the Fair Folk would hardly find himself in such an undignified position, would he? And besides, he would be too big by far, to fit in such a small space." The bed waited silently. Frodo turned again to face the bed, trying to suppress a smile. "Well, I'm afraid only one possibility remains," the tweenager said, keeping his eyes on the gap under the bed. "And so I know it has to be... a Cave Troll." The bed snorted loudly and dissolved into helpless giggles. "Come on out, Mr. Troll!" Frodo exclaimed. After some delicate manoeuvring, the Cave Troll emerged from beneath Frodo's bed and stood upright, looking startlingly like a small, well-rumpled hobbit lad, with honey-coloured curls and honest brown eyes. He looked a little older than Merry, perhaps eleven or twelve years old; he had a round, cheerful face, and he was still struggling to contain his mirth. "I beg your pardon, sir, but I reckon I'm not nearly big enough to be a Troll!" the wide-eyed lad exclaimed, finally catching his breath. "Well then, it seems I was mistaken after all," Frodo said. "It is only a hobbit lad, like myself." He crouched down to the smaller boy's level, and blue eyes met brown. "Samwise Gamgee at your service, sir," the younger lad said, suddenly recalling his manners. "Frodo Baggins, at yours and your family's," Frodo replied, extending his hand. Samwise shook it shyly, and then Frodo straightened up. "Now then!" he said. "I believe my uncle said something about an early supper. You Trolls must get hungry, hiding under beds all day. Will you come with me?" "Aye, I will, Mr. Frodo!" Samwise exclaimed, slipping his hand into the older lad's. Several hours later, in Number 3, Bagshot Row, six children were preparing for bed and two adults were talking out in the kitchen. "Aye, he seems like a nice enough lad," Hamfast agreed. "But he is from Buckland, and them Bucklanders are a queer lot, they say." "Well, mind you don't go talking about Buckland folk and their odd ways in front of the children, Ham," Bell said, reaching up to extinguish the lamp that burned in the little kitchen. "Like it or not, Mr. Frodo is our master's heir, and he must be treated as such." "I reckon you're right, Bell-lass," Hamfast sighed. "And at least he'll get a proper upbringing here in Hobbiton. Aye, he may yet turn out all right." "Oh, nonsense, Ham," Bell replied. "Since when have you paid any mind to what folks say? Anyway, Hamson seemed to like him all right. And little Sam is quite fond of the boy already." "That's a fine thing, then," Hamfast nodded, "since our Sam will one day take over for me, I daresay, when I retire." Bell laughed. "Did Sam tell ye how he came to meet the young master?" "Nay," the Gaffer said, turning to look curiously at his wife. "Well, after he brought in the kindling you'd asked for, he thought he'd have himself a look in Mr. Frodo's room," Bell said, shaking her head at her son's lack of propriety. "As Sam tells it, Mr. Bilbo and Mr. Frodo came along while he was still inside, so he hid 'imself under the bed!" Hamfast choked on the cup of tea he had been sipping. "Now, now," Bell said hastily. "Don't go gettin' yourself upset. There was no harm done. Little Sam said that Mr. Frodo found him, but he wasn't upset at all and treated our boy with uncommon kindness." Hamfast couldn't help chuckling at the imagined scene. "All the same, Bell, I'll have to have a talk with Sam," he said. "If he's going to start helpin' me in Mr. Bilbo's garden this year, he'll have to mind 'is manners better'n that." Bell merely laughed and went to tuck in the children, while Hamfast made ready for bed. Up the Hill in Bag End, another child was being tucked into bed. Frodo yawned and closed his eyes. Bilbo shut the book he'd been reading from and smiled at his young cousin. "I think that's enough for tonight, Frodo-lad," Bilbo said. "Thank you for reading to me, Uncle Bilbo." Frodo opened his eyes again. Bilbo reached out hesitantly and smoothed a dark lock of hair away from Frodo's face, then pulled the covers up to Frodo's chin. "Sleep well, dear boy," Bilbo said, placing a kiss on Frodo's forehead. He laid the book down on the bureau and left the dark room, closing the door softly behind him. Frodo smiled in the darkness. This adventure was starting out better than he could have imagined.