Legolas chuckled at the unbarred emotions in Kirion's eyes and reached out to place his hand on Kirion's forearm. "Don't feel guilty." Legolas said comfortingly, "It was mostly work and Hithel keeping my up anyway. You were a very agreeable baby, thank the Valar." Kirion nodded. He once again felt young; he didn't even know half of Legolas' life… Of course he had asked Legolas for stories, but Legolas had never talked about anything painful. He had never told him what happened when he was young and their father had changed. He knew that he had Legolas to thank for a lot of things, but the most of this he had heard from Hithel and it hurt him slightly that Legolas wouldn't trust him enough to tell him, that he still saw him as a child. Hithel and Gwaur had moved back to Gwaur's house so he couldn't ask her. As if sensing his feelings Legolas gave his forearm a squeeze before shifting back to his original position. "Things are going badly in Rivendell." Legolas then said. Kirion's attention focused on his elder brother. "I got this letter earlier" He handed it to Kirion, who read it after a gaining a wordless permission from Legolas. His brows furrowed and worry flooded into his open emerald eyes at the contents. "This sounds bad." Kirion said slowly, as soon as the words were out of his mouth he punched himself over how stupid they sounded. He held the letter out to Legolas. Legolas nodded, and took the letter. "That's why I am going to Rivendell to help them. Faneth and Maliel are coming with me. Do you want to come?" Kirion's eyes widened, "Me?" He asked pointing at himself. Legolas smiled and nodded. Kirion glanced at his father and after seeing the calmness in his eyes nodded vigorously. "Of course I will come. When do we leave?" "In five minutes." Legolas answered stoically. Thranduil reached over and smacked him over the head. Afterwards he smiled to Kirion and said, "The day after tomorrow. Legolas' team will escort you there safely." There was clear excitement in Kirion's eyes. His youthful energy almost had him bouncing up and down on the chair. Legolas started to smile, but at that moment he snapped his head towards the door as his elven hearing picked up a cry come from across that hall and felt distress come form his link with his daughter. He heard an 'Ada!' leaving her lips and almost got up. I have her. He then heard Faneth say inside his mind. "You aren't going to her?" Thranduil asked when he sat back down. "Faneth has her." Legolas answered calmly, "She'll bring her to me if it's necessary." Maliel had inherited a bit from both of her parents. She had nightmares, just like her father, but she didn't have them as often as he did and for that he was thankful. It was a funny thing how the mind worked. After five minutes of fruitlessly trying to calm down her daughter Faneth gave up and walked across the hall to Thranduil's bedroom where she knew Legolas was. Maliel was calling for her father under her sobs, just like she always did when she had nightmares. She needed to feel safe and unfortunately that was Legolas' department. She walked into the room and Legolas immediately came over from where he was sitting on the couch. He rested his hand on Maliel's back and called her name. As soon as Maliel realized who it was she shifted her arms so they were wrapped around Legolas' neck and buried her face in his shoulder. Legolas wrapped his arms around her and lifted her out of Faneth's arms already singing softly to her and pouring calmness into his link with her. He caught his brother and father's eyes and inclined his head to say goodnight. They nodded in understanding. Faneth said goodnight softly, and then held the door open for Legolas and Maliel who was finally calm. Legolas walked into their rooms and onward into Maliel's. He gently laid her down on her bed and pulled the sky-blue covers over her, never completely relinquishing his hold. He kneeled down beside the bed so he could keep the arm that was lying under her shoulders, half-embracing her, in place and brought his other hand up to wipe away her tears. "Hey there beautiful." He smiled softly, and looked into her teary blue eyes. "I'm here now, there is nothing to be afraid of. I'll protect you forever." "…You promise?" Maliel sniffed. Legolas pressed a kiss against her forehead, "I promise. Forever and always." Maliel nodded tearfully and looked at him with big blue eyes. "Story…?" She asked innocently. Legolas smiled, "Story." He confirmed, "We're going to go to Rivendell together, you me, Nana and Kirion. We're going to go see your grandparents. We will go through forests and over mountains and you'll ride with your Nana and me." He started describing the peaceful valley of Rivendell for her and watched as her eyes slowly lost their focus. Once her breathing was even and he felt peace come from his link with her he stopped and brushed his hand over her hair, planting a gentle kiss on her forehead. He then stood up and turned to Faneth who was leaning against the doorframe with a smile on her lips. She held out her hand to him and he took it while kissing her. "I can never live up to her Ada." Faneth smirked. Legolas smiled, "You're irreplaceable to her. She loves you." "We're both irreplaceable to her. She adores you." Faneth said and kissed him back, before closing the door to Maliel's bedroom and leading him over to theirs. She lay down on the bed and waited for Legolas to get ready. When he returned he got into the bed and pulled her close. "Goodnight." He murmured tiredly. Faneth chuckled and rested her head on his chest. "Goodnight my love."