had not. What was this boat? Did he sleep and dream, and would he wake in alarm? The sight had a certain dreamlike quality to it, certainly; the obsidian surface of the river, reflecting the clouding sky, the darkness around him, and this strange craft, unmanned and serene. He watched the boat carefully as it drifted slowly by, then, with surprising suddenness, made up his mind. Laying his bow down on the shore beside him, the captain drew his sword cautiously, then blinked once, half-expecting the vessel to vanish, and took the first step into the cold water of the Anduin. It clasped around his ankles like a live thing, grabbing at the leather of his breeches as he took the next step. It was colder than he had thought, now that he was ankle-deep, but curiosity kept him going, sword raised and eyes narrowed. By the time he was knee-deep, his feet were beginning to sink into the silt of the riverbed, each step requiring a certain degree of force to tug his boots loose. Every time he raised his foot, mud blossomed up around it, and a tiny part of his mind muttered that this was madness. But the boat was drawing nearer, now mere feet away, and he did not stop; rather, he increased his pace, not wanting to let it pass without seeing what it held. It never even occurred to him that it might be empty, and, as he came closer, he could see that there was indeed something inside; over the edge of the silvery wood, he could see the feathered shafts of several arrows. Raising his sword still further, he glanced around cautiously for any sign of movement, then took the last few steps, just as the river swept the craft to within a few inches of him. Half-lifting his hand to drag the boat nearer, he paused, then dropped his arm. There was something untouchable about the boat, he could feel it. This close, he saw the elaborate carvings on its prow, but they were not what made his mouth dry up, nor were they the reason that his sword fell with a splash from a suddenly nerveless hand. Boromir. His mouth formed the word silently, disbelievingly, as he looked down at his dead brother. He knew him at once; it could have been nobody else. His hair was longer than when Faramir had bidden him farewell so long ago, and there were the beginnings of a beard on his broad jaw, but it was undoubtably Boromir. Beside him was his helm, and on his lap lay his sword, which, Faramir saw with a pang, was broken near the hilt. He had always known that his brother would die fighting, and it seemed that it had indeed been so. There were ragged gashes in his grey-green tunic, their edges soaked with dark, crusted blood, and his torso was pierced with several black-fletched arrows. Orcish arrows, Faramir noted without thinking, his tracker's mind working away while the rest of him stood and stared in disbelief, wanting to cry out, unable to force even a whimper past his open lips. The Horn of Gondor was missing from its place at his belt, but his long, dark hair had been neatly arrayed around his shoulders, and somebody had collected many Orcish weapons and armaments before laying him in the craft, for they were clustered in a great heap around his feet. Around his waist, glinting gold in the moonlight, was a belt of intertwined leaves, and under his head was a folded mass of soft grey; Faramir recognised neither, and could only guess that Boromir had come across them in his journeys. But then, it was clear that this was not the same Boromir who had left Minas Tirith. This man was harder, older in a way that a few months could not grant. There were lines of stress around his mouth and eyes that Faramir had not seen before, and he seemed somehow nobler than he had, as though he had died in triumph. Despite the gaping wounds littering his body, despite the crusted blood at the corner of his mouth, he seemed almost peaceful in death, satisfied. Tears stinging at his eyes, Faramir smiled sadly, still unable to force out any sound. At least he died bravely, he thought, swallowing. At least he died proud. Three days. Could it have been three days since his brother had died? On that morning they had heard the horn from the north – had it been on that morning that Boromir had fallen? Then the blowing of the horn on that clear morning… had it not been an omen, nor a premonition, but truly Boromir's cry for help? Faramir bit his lip, reaching out a trembling hand to his brother's face, and again pulling away. The Anduin flowed onwards still, carrying Boromir's body with it, and Faramir watched as the boat slid past him, unable to reach out or even to speak, grief flooding through him. Only when the boat had passed him, Boromir's noble face slipping out of view, did Faramir find his tongue. Tears welling in his eyes, he took a deep, shuddering breath, still unwilling to entirely believe what he had seen, and cried out "Boromir! Boromir! Where is thy horn? Where goest thou? Oh, Boromir!" But Boromir could not reply, and, as Faramir watched, the boat was swept further and further downstream, until it was lost to sight in the darkness. The moon's scythe illuminated the captain's youthful face, the silver light fracturing on the long tracts of tears now flowing freely from his cold grey eyes. Brother… He stood in the waist-deep water, staring blindly in the direction the craft had floated, his duty forgotten. His heart cried out louder than his tongue ever could. The sad reeds and the soft wind sent a shivering lament into the air, and the Anduin flowed around him, running ever onwards to the sea.