had been a gift. Cannor didn't always act like that; he had followed Elladan into many battles and seen a lot of blood. Cannor was a warhorse. Didn't listen to anyone except Elrohir a little. "Is Cannor wild?" Elladan looked over at Saewyn who had asked the question. He smiled and said, "It can be discussed, but no he has been with me for a long time. He just has a mind of his own, won't let anyone tell him what to do." "Oh." She said, "Shouldn't you have gone with Elrohir." Elladan smiled sadly, "This isn't the first time this has happened, I usually just get in Elrohir's way when I try to help so we came to the conclusion that he would handle such matters." Saewyn nodded, her eyes went wide when a flash of pain suddenly ran through Elladan's face and he gasped. Then a far away expression came over Elladan's eyes, and Elrond looked at him as well. When his eyes returned to them he said, "Cannor kicked Elrohir, but he has it under control." Elrond nodded at Elladan's words looking slightly worried, Saewyn just blinked. "How do you know that?" She asked confused after some time. Elladan smirked and explained, "The bond between me and Elrohir is strong because we're twins. That gives us access to each other's thought and feelings. We can communicate over distances. Ada can communicate with us as well, but it is as easy as breathing for me and Ro." "Quite annoying actually." Glorfindel groaned, "You can never know what they are planning." "What do you mean by that Glorfindel?" Elladan asked innocently. Glorfindel's reply was cut of as Elrohir walked into the room again. He calmly and politely answered all the questions he was asked as he made his way up to the head of the table again. There was nothing to be seen on the younger twin's face. Elrohir sat down beside Elladan. "Cannor was throwing quite the tantrum." Elrohir told Elladan, "But luckily everyone in the stable got away with only scratches. I managed to calm him down after some time. I found out that he had a thorn in his hoof." "And you took it out?" Elladan asked seeing the life threatening in that attempt. Elrohir smiled at the astonished look on Elladan's face, "Don't worry I don't have any imaginative powers. I just had a very grumpy bodyguard." "Túel?" Elladan laughed, but then turned serious. "She didn't manage to get you through completely unscathed though…" Elladan took hold of Elrohir's hand making Elrohir hiss. He pulled back Elrohir's sleeve revealing a steadily forming bruise on his arm. He felt alongside the bone relieved when he found that the bone hadn't been broken, but the arm was badly bruised. "Do not worry about it Elladan." Elrohir said and removed his arm from his brother's grasp. "It was my own fault for stepping too close to Cannor before he was ready. Túel shielded me immediately afterwards. I should probably head back to the stables to help them rebuild some of the boxes. How about showing Saewyn Rivendell?" Elrohir asked both Elladan and Saewyn. "Would you like to see Rivendell, Saewyn?" Elladan asked her. "I'd love to." She answered enthusiastically. Elrohir clapped his hands together and stood up from the table again, "Wonderful, now that that is decided I will go to the stables." Elrohir turned to leave. "Elrohir." Elrond called, making Elrohir turn around to face him. "You have hardly eaten any breakfast." Elrohir smiled and took loaf of bread up from a plate. He showed it to his father before continuing to walk towards the stable. Elrond sighed after him. Elrohir walked while eating the bread in his hand. He soon came upon Rivendell's stable. It was almost open from every side. They where hesitant to remove the horses from nature and locking them inside, so a stable had been made to only just make sure the horses weren't running all over Imladris, though they were often allowed to do just that. Elrohir walked inside and saw several elves already working on fixing the broken gates and what not. The horses seemed quite calm. Elrohir spotted Rochon and walked over to him. "Anything I can do to help?" Elrohir asked startling the other elf. "My lord!" Rochon quickly stood up and bowed to Elrohir. "Thank you very much for your help today." "You're welcome Rochon." Elrohir smiled and took another bite of bread. Rochon stared shocked at the bread in Elrohir's hand. "I'm sorry for ruining your breakfast my Lord." "What?" Elrohir asked, "Oh, nothing to worry about Rochon I've had enough breakfasts in my life to compensate for this one. I'm just happy that you called for me, so no other elves were injured. How are they?" "They are fine, Lord Elrohir." Rochon answered. Suddenly Túel came trotting over to him she nudged Elrohir's shoulder and took a bite of the bread in his hand. "That was my breakfast." Elrohir exclaimed laughing, but gave Túel the rest of the bread. She then gently put her nose to the place on his arm where Elrohir had been kicked. Elrohir stroked her mane and whispered to her so the others wouldn't hear it, "Don't worry I'm fine." Then he set to work with helping the elves fix the stable although there was protests flying at him from all directions saying that they could handle it and this wasn't something lords should be doing. Elrohir just smiled at them and asked them why he couldn't help his people. That left the elves with no replies. After having been there for a couple of hours and the stable was beginning to look like normal again he walked out. The sun shone clearly in the sky and the weather was mild. Suddenly Elrohir smiled when he spotted Elladan and Saewyn walking in the gardens laughing. He decided to leave them alone and walked into the house instead. He smelled like horse.