ignore the sick feeling of their spilt seed running down her leg. Bidush always scrubbed herself twice as hard when a man was breeding her. She assumed this man to be no different from the rest of them, so when he did not get right down to what he should be doing, she expected the worst, and hoped he wouldn't leave and tell her master. Then, there was a rustling behind her, and the man grunted. Hazarding a glance, Bidush saw that he had removed his breeches, which he now folded and laid over his boots. He was a wiry fellow, despite his broad shoulders. When he turned towards her again, Bidush was a little surprised to see he was already impressively aroused, but she dismissed that immediately. A few of the men had prepared themselves before breeding her. Tucking her head into her arms, she readied herself for the brief, embarrassing encounter she knew was coming. Instead of the quick thrusting she expected, the man lad his palm on her rear, running his hand down the crease of her buttocks to rub her exposed folds. Two, calloused fingers pumped into her with languid slowness as the man stroked her back, grunting out an appreciative groan. "You've got a lovely cunny, my duck," the man purred as his fingers pressed against a particularly sensitive area inside her. Bidush stifled a pleased moan, afraid that he would stop what he was doing. He was pulling her to sit up, and Bidush dazedly allowed it, unsure of what to do. When he sat himself in her lap she was completely baffled. Then, his hot mouth was on her breast, his teeth lightly grazing her nipple as he massaged her with both hands. It felt wonderful, but Bidush was fearful he was doing this wrong. She would be in a bad way if no whelp came from her. She grabbed the man by the shoulders, her large hands enveloping his biceps, and pulled him off of her. "What you doing?" she growled suspiciously. "I have no sprog, I have trouble!" The man smiled broadly at her, and Bidush felt her anger soften. "No need to rush, my sweet," he said with a flash of blunt, yellow teeth. "We've got all night. Now, why don't you let Geth do you proper?" Blinking, Bidush released Geth, who went immediately to her other breast, kneading and sucking until she had fallen back onto the hay, gasping. His hands were all over her, pinching and caressing and slapping her flanks. By the time he finally entered her, she had already shuddered with a climax, and her second came not long after he began thrusting with wild abandon. Bidush rocked her head from side to side, moaning with pleasure. Her heat heightened all of her senses, intensifying every stroke inside her, every subtle twist he made with his hips, and Bidush found her own hips thrusting to meet his, urging him on. Another orgasm rippled through her when she felt him stiffen. Geth clutched her to himself with surprising strength, practically roared as he came, and collapsed on her, spent completely. Bidush panted, feeling the soft puffs of Geth breathing against her breast. His hand kneaded the flesh at her hip as he softened and slid out of her, and Bidush found she didn't mind the post coital messiness she usually despised. Feeling more contented than she ever remembered being, Bidush encircled Geth in her arms, cuddling him close with a pleased coo. What a man! Geth pulled himself up her body and kissed her wetly on the mouth, squeezing her bountiful, dark breast appreciatively. "You give me a minute, heart," he said huskily, "and we'll have another round." Bidush's heavy brow shot up in surprise. "Again?" she asked, amazed. No man had ever wanted her more than was strictly necessary. Then again, none of the males brought to breed with her had ever made her feel like this one did. "Didn't you enjoy yourself?" Geth asked her with a crestfallen expression. Bidush nodded fervently, and he smiled wide at her. "Then you give me a minute," he told her, "and we'll have some more fun, you and me. How's that sound, my duck?" Biting her lip, Bidush nodded again, returning his smile. Geth had her more than twice. By the time he mounted her for the fourth time, Bidush decided she never wanted him to leave. Any man brought to her after this one would pale in comparison. Finally, neither of them could go on any longer. Instead of pounding on the door to leave, Geth pulled the large fur blanket piled up in the corner over them both. Bidush rolled on her side, clutching him to her chest with her large, thick arms. The clacking sound of the bolt turning brought Geth to wakefulness. Dezek's dark head peeked in, her brow furrowed. Geth couldn't decide if she looked surprised or annoyed. Perhaps she was both. "Fergot you were in here," she said. "Yer folk usually bang on the door to get out." Smiling, Geth shrugged easily. "Well," Dezek said, unsure, "Master had a room fer you fellas made up, if ya want it." Geth looked over at Bidush's peaceful, sleeping face, and brushed some of her messy hair out of her eyes. He had really worn her out. The straw bedding was comfortable enough, by Geth's standards, her arm was still draped over him possessively, and Geth would rather sleep next to a warm body than not. "I'm fine where I am," he said, grinning. Shaking her head, Dezek grinned back. "Arright," she said with a chuckle. "I'll get ya out at breakfast then." Geth closed his eyes as the bolt clanked shut, a pleased smile on his face. Note : Thegn is adapted from þegn , an old english word that means "follower or vassal of a great man." The office of Saruman's vassal is later held by Grima, with promises of Lady Éowyn .