more generous. Your husband whose hands have often held you this past week.) Your throat closes. (So – this is why?) Quietly, you slide the envelope into the draw and shut it. (You are a Queen. Such things, you tell yourself, are not to your embarrassment.) You check daily, and eventually the iron key comes back into the pot. You remove the letters from the draw and hide them in the pocket of an old silken gown. You lock the draw back up and leave the cast iron key into the pot. Eomer is kinder with you after this. . "_you don't have to do this." You both know it's a lie. Eomer is thirty-three, with gentle lines appearing around his eyes. (You are barely eighteen.) His council is pushing for him to have an heir, and you know your role in this place. Still, you lie. "_I know." He smiles, and the beard tickles the palm of your hand. (Your pale fingers look so small against the golden hue of his skin, and for a second you feel doubt curl inside of you. This is not what you dreamt of; but you have learnt to take what you are given and Eomer has always been good to you.) Gently, you smooth away the few creases forming onto his skin. You are tiny, even now, standing before him in a too heavy velvet gown. His skin is rough against your hands, despite the few callouses that you have acquired from the Rohirrim lifestyle. This is you. Eomer looks wearied, so you are careful in smiling as your thumb strokes the full flesh of his lips. You know he has been kind to you, respected and waited for you to grow; and now that you are older, wiser perhaps, you feel the weight of your debt on your shoulders. Your husband is handsome, but this is not why, tonight, you will lie with him. (You think this might be love.) His eyes, dark honey and not golden, are fixed upon your face as you drink him in. You are no prettier than you were, but perhaps the years have given you a quiet assurance that you had been lacking. You aren't quite a woman, for all you are a decent Queen; but you are here and now Eomer is beginning to buckle under a burden he needs not wear. Tonight, you pray for an heir. "_you are handsome." You whisper quietly into the silence. You do not miss the widening of his eyes, because he had not been expecting this, but you do not linger. (Your faces are so close together your breaths mingle, and he has overtaken your world. Everything else fades.) Your eyes are closed as you press your lips to his. (You have never done this before, so you aren't too sure what to do next, but thankfully Eomer seems to have a pretty good idea. You let him take over and become a quick study in these things.) He smells like hay and leather in the sun, a scent you have learnt to associate with home and safe and him. It's not a delicate scent, but the taste on your lips is full and round and it is him so fully that you cannot find anything wrong then. His hands, still as big, still as warm, still as strong, encircle your waist and you can feel their heat through the heavy velvet fabric of your gown. You smile against his kiss, flutter your eyelashes and he laughs. He looks at you, once the laughter has subsided, and you feel small and regal and powerful underneath his gaze. He looks at you like the world spins in your eyes and you are its centre. He looks at you, looks through you and within you and you, for a moment, feel like the brightest of stars. (Supernova. You feel like you might be a supernova, eclipsing the sun.) You smile. He is careful in setting you across his lap, velvet gown dragging across strong thighs. You know this position, naturally sink into his warmth and curl into the broad expenses of his chest, but his lips are quicker than your body and all rational thought leaves when he kisses you again. You gasp when his hand trails lower, to the gentle curves of your body, and think it is his tongue that comes to poke at your lips. You giggle as he runs it against yours, brushing the underside of the flesh. "_tickles." you whisper. You open your eyes, looking at him with mirth, and then awe. He is magnificent. (Grey strands in his hair, but a soft light in his eyes and they are darkening to black, desire clouding them because you are his Wife and, somewhere along the way, something went horribly, horribly right.) You still fear and doubt, and you still need to remember to breathe; but there is a golden glow coming from the man before you, as if he were the centre of a galaxy and you a mere planet caught in its orbit. He is Eomer, King of Rohan. (He is your husband, and it isn't the King who tonight unbinds your hair and runs a golden hand through cascading raven strands. It isn't the King nor the Husband; but the Man. It is Eomer, Eomer who loves and makes love and binds it down to you.) You try to stifle a giggle, because his beard is rubbing against the soft skin of your cheeks and that tickles , but his fingers are removing the lacing of your dress and – this is you. This, is you . (You smile and smile and smile against his lips, smile as his fingers dig into your pale skin and smile as he bites at soft flesh. He is kind and gentle and here, here with him; you become something you have never been before. A dual-sun system, perhaps.) His hands are warm upon your skin.