passing it to him. "You aren't the first to be caught ill by your first fight." "It's not my first fight," Imial protests, but weakly and unconvincingly, and the coastsman is not fooled for a minute. "There's no shame in it," he says, casting about for abandoned arrows. "Be glad that the marauding Northerners have no interest in your deserts, and that your clan have passed a lifespan in peace." That isn't exactly true, Imial thinks, and remembers with a shudder the wars between the Sinaens and the Mihilae; remembers huddling in a sand-covered tent while the men outside fought to and fro like thunder. But that was a long time ago, when he was still a child and he says nothing but a rather embarassed, "Thank you." "Don't think it," the coastsman says with a shake of his head, and bows in the fashion of the coast, arms crossed over his chest – and his severed arm makes an effort to cross, although past the elbow there is only a bloody mess, and it does little more than twitch towards the other. Imial watches, fascinated, and only just remembers to return the bow, hands clasped behind his back in the Sinaen manner. "Gamba Qayyum," the coastsman says, and it takes Imial a moment to realise that it is an introduction. "From the tribe Yara of the western shores." "Imial Zahiir." He pauses for a moment, considering the utter banality of the situation, of polite introductions here, now, with drying vomit crusted around his mouth and rivulets of darkening crimson spilling over his face, of manners and etiquette in these strange lands, with the Northerners still prowling around all of a hundred yards away. "From the tribe Al-Sina of the central deserts." "Well met, friend, and pleasant days," Gamba says, as is the custom, and, as is the custom, Imial replies with, "May they be long to you and short to your foes," although he can't help feeling that, after today, wishing anyone long days is a stretch. "Indeed," Gamba says with a nod, formalities over, and Imial notices that, although his right arm if destroyed beyond all use, his sword arm is not; from the practiced way he grasps his scimitar, the Yaran has been very lucky to be born left-handed. "Now, if we'd not change those two wishes around, we'd best hurry." He indicates with a nod of his head that Imial should follow him, and then he's away, sword held low and ready, crouching through the poor cover of the ferns and running. Slinging the bow over his shoulder and checking the quiver at his belt, Imial mimics the Yaran's low, defensive posture, scuttling through the deep green after him. His bright uniform, brass and scarlet and gold, which he was so proud of only an hour or so before, now seems a hideous, garish thing, a beacon for Northern arrows, and he wishes with all his might for duller garb. Every one of his footfalls seems to make as much noise as a herd of mûmakil, and with every passing second, he expects one of those accursed green-flighted arrows to strike him between the shoulders. Gamba seems perfectly serene as he sneaks onwards, and Imial envies him that ease. The Sinaen has no idea how long they have been running, halfway between road and forest, when the Yaran in front of him stops dead, raising a hand. Stop. Imial does, breathing heavily, grateful for the respite. He has always been a good runner, but now he finds that running freely over shifting sands is not at all like the quick, sneaky rush of the last few minutes. His breath is coming heavy, and his heart is pounding. To his horror, he can taste fresh vomit in his mouth, and he spits hurriedly onto the earth. "You'll have to get better at that," Gamba tells him, not unkindly. "With the damned pale soldiers attacking us so often now, it's a skill you can ill do without – and I can hear your breathing from a mile away." Imial accepts the criticism, as he has been taught, bows his thanks for it, as he has been taught, and is surprised when Gamba cuffs him around the jaw. "Don't bother with that here, boy. There's few enough who appreciate it, and too much politeness can get a man killed." "But… back on the slopes…" Imial stammers, his voice stumbling over the twin blocks of breathlessness and confusion. "I needed you to wait," Gamba said. "And if you make a little noise while a lot is going on already, men don't notice it continue afterwards. Trust me." And Imial does. He trusts the Yaran implicitly, although they have only just met. Perhaps, he thinks, that is how war is. How war is… And then his mind goes back to Mahoomed, choking on his own blood as he fell, and he finds himself crying, in big, childish gulps that thoroughly embarrass him. Again, Gamba simply watches, as he did when the Sinaen was vomiting, and when Imial is done, he claps him lightly on the shoulder. "That lad who fell first…" he says thoughtfully, and Imial looks up, surprised. "…Friend of yours?" Imial shakes his head. "Cousin." Nodding, Gamba sits down next to him, well aware that the Sinaen must be thoroughly humiliated by this show of emotion, and says, "It's always hard when you see someone you know go down. And that was a nasty way for it to happen." Imial is giving every impression of not listening, but it's obvious that he feels a little better for the reminder that he's not alone. "What do we do now?" "What do we do?" Gamba sighs, chewing thoughtfully on his thumbnail. "We do as we are told. We bind our wounds and bring our survivors together, and then we do what we were brought here to do." Imial wipes his eyes, picking at the dried blood on his face. "Mordor?" "Mordor."