against the door to hear it. "It's important… that it remains… hidden." Head Quarters? "It will be done." Húron complied easily. "…Good…" Her father breathed, shortly afterwards she heard a pained groan come from the room. "Stay down." Ecphen said sharply, but then his voice softened once more, although keeping its stern edge. "If you move then it will only strain the wound. I'm almost done." A few moments passed and then, "There. It would be best if you rest now. I guess that the herbs will kick in soon and take away some of the pain so you'll be able to sleep." "Thank you Ecphen." Her grandfather replied in her father's stead. "Do you wish for me to send someone up or will you keep watch over him yourself, my King?" Ecphen asked. "I'll watch him. I have no further duties this evening." Her grandfather answered. Despite saying this, she could hear the exhaustion in his voice. A moment passed before Ecphen reluctantly agreed. "I'll come and check on him every once in a while." "Thank you." Her grandfather said. His tone of voice changed slightly as he continued, "Leave now Húron. If the group discovers the Head Quarters without our knowledge then they will have access to a path leading directly into the Halls. That must not come to pass ." "I have already secured it as I passed through, but I will go back and ensure that there are no trails leading towards it. After all, the trees will not continue hiding the signs indefinitely." Soon afterwards two subtle clicks come from the room and she knew that they belonged to the secret door behind her father's desk. Ecphen was the next to speak. "Well, I better get-" "Eavesdropping?" Maliel shrieked and startled. She had been so immersed in listening to the quiet voices from inside the room that she had completely let her guard down to the rest of the world. Her heart pounded in shock in her chest and she whipped her head around to see her mother crouching beside her with a mixture of sternness and amusement in her eyes. The look soon changed to worry, though, when she caught sight of her daughter's reddened eyes. Immediately Maliel hiccupped back a sob and wrapped her arms around her mother, seeking comfort. Thankfully it wasn't long before her mother's arms wrapped around her gently and she started mumbling comfortingly into her ear. Soothing things that had no greater purpose and didn't mean anything, but it was still something that managed to quiet her hiccups and bring her heart rate back to normal. When Faneth felt her daughter relax and grow quiet she pulled back to give her a small smile before getting to her feet and dusting off her dress. "Come. On your feet Maliel." She said gently and helped her to her feet. "Nana…" Maliel choked, "Ada… he…" "He is wounded." Faneth said calmly, "Yes I know. I can feel it." At that moment the door opened gently and Ecphen gave them a small smile while holding the door so they could pass. It was clear that both him and her grandfather had heard them outside the door and she flushed in embarrassment over being caught listening to a conversation that she had no part in. Her mother started a conversation with Ecphen about her father's condition, but all this seemed to fade to the background as her eyes landed on her father's figure lying under a mound of blankets on the couch. The worry that welled up inside her as she took in his pale and drawn face was enough to dispel her embarrassment and as a result she found herself nearing the couch with hurried steps. Her grandfather was kneeling on the floor beside the couch and as soon as she slid down beside him, he slipped his arm around her shoulders and pulled her close. Despite this her eyes did not leave her father's face. He was lying on his stomach on the couch, clearly because of the wound being on his back, and he was even paler then when she had last seen him. His eyes were closed… "He will be all right." Her grandfather said softly and gave her a squeeze, "Your father is strong. He'll be well again soon enough. I'm sorry… I shouldn't have left you alone in my office. It was thoughtless of me." Maliel shook her head before resting it on his shoulder, not feeling like speaking but still not wanting him to think that he was at fault for anything. She knew that he had just wished to make sure that his son was all right. She reached out and stroked her father's cheek carefully, her touch feathery light almost as if she was afraid of disturbing his rest with the endearment. Even his skin felt cold to touch and it left her worrying if the blankets were even giving him warmth. The door to the room closed, and although the sound wasn't that loud Maliel was snapped from her thoughts and jerked her hand back from her father's cheek. She moved backwards against her grandfather before she had even thought about it. Thranduil sighed and held his granddaughter closer as he recognized the small signs of shock in her. It was no wonder, after seeing her father like that… He remembered the first time he had seen his father injured before the healers had tended to him and hidden the wounds behind bandages. He remembered the feeling of having his father's blood on his hands… "Grandpa…" Maliel's whisper brought him out of his musings and made him look down into her eyes. His granddaughter's icy blue eyes so alike his son's looked almost fearfully up at him. "Are we at war?" At this small question Thranduil looked away and sighed tiredly, his eyes locking on his son's prone form. "Not yet sweetheart, …not quite yet." Well then, on that cheery note: I'm back!