and brushing her hand feather-light over their elfling's hair. "Finally." "How much time has passed?" Thranduil asked her sleepily. "About three hours since you went to find him." Emelin reached over Legolas' body and took his hand in hers as she settled down, Legolas curled up safely between them, his eyes closed in exhaustion. "Then he has slept peacefully for two," Thranduil sighed, hoping that his sleep would remain peaceful for the rest of the night. He pulled his wife's hand up to his lips and pressed a kiss against it before resting their joint hands on his chest. "You should get some more sleep, Thran," Emelin whispered to him. "You are tired as well." He nodded and looked up to gaze deeply into her eyes, immersing himself almost desperately in the love that was still in her eyes before allowed his to drift out of focus, letting sleep claim him once more. He woke groggily not three hours later to the feeling of his son moving at his side. It took a moment for his mind to catch up, but a scream escaping his son's lips brought him back to the present quicker than anything ever could. He bolted upright the same time as his wife, turning to Legolas. Absentmindedly, he noted the whimpering of Wolf as the dog scratched the outside of the door to the bedroom to be let in. His elfling was wrapped on the covers; sweat running down his brow, and an expression of pain marring his pale face. Whimpers continued to spill from his lips as he jerked his head from side to side as if desperately trying to get away from something. "Legolas!" Thranduil called hurriedly, reaching out to shake his son's shoulder even as his wife tried to wake their son as well. It took a little while but then Legolas' eyes flew up, a cry dying on his lips. He gasped for air as his dark, teary eyes stared up at his father, the horror in them slowly being replaced by grief and guilt. Then second his son choked out a sob, Thranduil was there, enveloping him in his arms. "It isn't your fault," he whispered hoarsely into his ear, damning the trees far away even if it wasn't their fault either. "There is nothing you can do to help them… It's going to be all right-" Legolas shook his head against his shoulder, tears wetting the fabric. "It isn't," he choked. "We have to help them, Ada… It's the dark… It hurts so much." Another sob escaped Legolas' lips as small fingers bore themselves into his skin, holding cramp-like onto his shirt. Thranduil tightened his hold, feeling as Emelin rubbed their son's back soothingly as well. He met her eyes over their son's shoulder with the same desperation that filled hers. There was nothing he could say. Clenching his eyes together, he cursed silently before drawing back, schooling his expression as his son's pained eyes opened to look at his, wet, salty tears striping his cheeks. "I know, Greenleaf," he told him gently, pained. "I know that it hurts. We are doing all that we can to keep the darkness at bay, but in this it would seem that even our best efforts aren't enough… There is nothing we can do." Legolas sniffled, still looking at him with those pleading eyes. He took his son's hands and brought them out before him in the same position they had been in before. Immediately, Legolas choked on another sob, more tears rolling down his cheeks. "I need you to concentrate for me one more time, my son," Thranduil told him, firmly even though it pained him. Legolas shook his head. "I don't wanna…" he mewled. "I don't wanna leave them all alone…" Thranduil's throat clenched at those words, and he saw Emelin raising a hand to cover her lips behind Legolas. "I know," he choked. "I know you don't want to, but you need to. You need to do what I say, Legolas. Now, concentrate." Legolas hiccupped, his breathing speeding up slightly as more tears slid down his cheeks. "Do this, Legolas," Thranduil pleaded with him. "For me." Legolas' eyes clenched shut but soon Thranduil could feel the power coiling in his son once more until a orb burst into life between his palm, blazing with desperation, anger, and grief. He squinted as the power inside the sphere rolled over him as he sat right before his son, unable to look at the compact power, and unable to believe that it was created by his five year old son. "Good," he told him strained. "Now imagine that as a shield around your mind. Imagine that blocking out everything, blocking out all darkness." This time the power drained from the ball in his son's hands, being absorbed back into his body as his aura flared and fluctuated, lighting the room up temporarily before it faded once more. Legolas' eyes opened with a defeated look in their depths before he then threw his arms around his father's neck, burying his face in his shoulder as he gave in to tears once more. "Shh…" Thranduil shushed him choked, rubbing his hands up and down his son's back while meeting his wife's tearful, green eyes. "It's all right, Greenleaf. Everything's going to be all right. Just sleep… sleep now." He laid down with his son still in his arms, pressing a kiss against his forehead and whispering softly to him. Not long after, Emelin's voice joined his own as she gently sung him her lullaby. A while passed before the tension drained out of Legolas' body as he fell asleep within his parents' embrace. Thranduil and Emelin met each other's eyes in despair. "Will it work?" she asked him. "It worked for almost six hours, I think," Thranduil answered, not completely sure of himself. "He need to practice keeping it strong even in sleep… He needs to practice not letting it go…" It has to work.