same direction to see why he looked so heartbroken. Ella was back, and could have gotten off the horse at any time, but she pretended to still be scared. Mattson was going to take her straight to Sauron, and she was going to redeem herself by bringing the war to an end. Mattson rode his horse to near exhaustion, only stopping at Barad-Dur, where he left it to collapse as he dragged Ella up the tower, who struggled pathetically and cried. Before the door to her Sauron's study, he paused, grinning cruelly at her pain. As she hoped he would, he kissed her. She twisted her arms out of his grip and grabbed the back of his head, holding him to her. Mattson then suffered a similar fate to some of the soldiers had when Sharon had been injured. She drew his life into herself, not stopping at the point she usually did. She kept going until Mattson's heart stopped. "Kiss of death." She whispered as she let him sink to the floor. She picked up his sword and held it behind her back as she knocked on the door. She felt energised and refreshed, Mattson's strength singing in her veins. When Sauron called her inside, Ella plastered a fake smile on her face for him to see. "Good morning father. I'm back." Sauron looked up, surprised. He'd been told that she had betrayed them. He walked towards her in astonishment. He reached towards her and Ella struck quickly, slicing the Ring from his hand, much the same as Isildur had done thousands of years before. She grabbed the ring as it fell, running from the room and down the stairs, stopping only long enough to grab Mattson's crossbow from his horse when she reached the bottom. She whistled for her own warhorse, which wasn't too far off. She rode past orcs and goblins which grabbed at her in an attempt to stop her. She hacked at any who got too close with Mattson's sword, and when she was clear for a moment she used a loose piece of thread to tie the Ring to the bolt, so that she couldn't be tempted to keep it. When she was close enough to Mount Doom, she rode far enough up the mountain to get a clear shot, and shot the ring through the doorway, over the precipice and into the lava below. She turned her horse away, and raced towards the gates, knowing about the eruption that would follow. When other creatures realised that Sauron was dead, they forgot about trying to stop her and ran for their lives. Ella rode down any that got in her way as Mount Doom roared and Barad Dur crumbled. She passed the gates as an Uruk jumped down from them to pull her from her horse. She fought him off and ran as the crumbling ground caught up with her. (Beautiful) "Don't you bring me down today." Aragorn had gathered all of his forces for one last attempt at bringing down Sauron. Legolas had told them about the secret passage, and they were going to try a surprise attack, hoping to get to Sauron and the Ring before too many of his forces got in the way. They were outside of Angmar, which had been deserted since Eowyn had killed it's master. They felt the volcano's fury as the Ring disintegrated into nothingness. The ground shook, and Angmar began to crumble. Aragorn's forces retreated, and the company rode to the gates of Mordor, which no longer existed, as they had been pulled into a giant crevasse. The lava flowing from the mountain dribbled down into the crevasse, but the company was safe where they were. Those that had known Ella, however, worried for her safety. "We're too late." Aragorn said. "She did this." Legolas said without doubt. "Ella managed to destroy Sauron. I'd wondered why I felt her memories return, but she didn't fight Mattson. She could have killed him then when he thought she was helpless. But she let him bring her here." "Where is she?" asked Eowyn. There was nothing but a sea of lava in Mordor, and when they looked around, all they saw was a warhorse wandering around near the crevasse. Legolas recognised it from when Ella had smuggled him out of Mordor, and rode towards the horse. He dismounted and calmed it, wondering where it's rider was. Boromir blew the horn of Gondor, so that if she was nearby she would know they were there. Legolas heard coughing from over the edge and looked down to see Ella sitting on an outcropping above the lava, pressed flat to the wall to avoid falling, and just out of reach. A second slower and she wouldn't have made it. The steam was making her eyes water, and it was difficult to breathe, but other than that she was unhurt. "Ella!" he said, overwhelmed with joy at seeing her alive. "Help me get her out!" He called to the others. Immediately he was surrounded by their friends, and they tied a rope around his waist and to the horse's saddle, with many soldiers in between to help haul them up. Legolas leant over the edge to reach her, and held her tight when he was close enough to grab her. "Lift!" Aragorn commanded when he saw that Legolas had hold of her. They were pulled back over the edge in a few seconds, and many hands pulled them both out of harm's way. For a few seconds the two didn't let go of each other, then they allowed themselves to be helped to their feet. Ella was congratulated and hugged by those who were now her friends again. She realised ho much of a hole it had left in her heart when she left them, and was glad to have it filled again. When the last friend released her, she returned to Legolas' waiting arms, where she felt she had always belonged.