Eglantine. There were footsteps, and then silence. Merry let out a sigh of relief. "She's gone," he said, "Thank goodness for that." "What shall we do now?" Pippin questioned. "Are you tired?" asked Merry, "Do you want to go to bed?" "No, I mean… Can we… Do something else?" "What do yo mean?" Merry inquired, but then it occurred to him what Pippin meant, and he stared at his cousin blankly, "Pip, you do not know the first thing about how to do that, and you're still a child." "I know some things, and I told you I'm not a child!" Pippin retorted. "No, Pip, I can't…" Merry turned away as he spoke, "You're too young, too inexperienced, too innocent. You're just trying to act mature, trying to prove that you're all grown up. But you're not." "But you don't care about that," Pippin whispered, his voice deliberately silky, that voice that Merry could never say no to, "You want me, you know you do." Merry groaned. "Pip, stop, that's not fair." "Come on Merry, it's true, just say it," Pippin continued. Merry turned back to look at his cousin, and those sweet green eyes of his sent a shiver of excitement down his spine. "Yes, you're right, I want you!" he snapped, "Yes, I want to do things to you, Pip, oh gosh there are so many things I want to do... That I need to do…" He tried to block out the hunger that swelled inside him, tried to get rid of that awful sensation in the pit of his stomach, but Pippin was being so purposely desirable and it was so hard to resist. And then, without considering the consequences, Merry pounced on him, pinning his little cousin to the bed under his weight and making him squeal in surprise. He held Pippin's wrists firmly down and pressed their bodies together, as he began sucking and nipping at the soft skin of his neck. There was nothing tender about Merry's actions, and Pippin tried to wriggle out of his grasp, but it was useless. "Merry…" he tried to object, but then he moaned as Merry bucked against him, and his older cousin took it as a sign of encouragement. "Mer, I was just messing," Pippin insisted. Merry took no notice. He moaned and started to impatiently undress the younger lad, throwing his scarf to the ground and hurriedly undoing his shirt buttons. Pippin whined as he felt Merry's hardness pressing against him. The older hobbit tore off Pippin's shirt then moved down to his breeches. Pippin bit his lip and whimpered, his eyes filling with tears. He said nothing. Once Pip's trousers had been removed, Merry forcefully tore off his undergarments, leaving Pippin exposed. He stared down at his little cousin's body eagerly, then he quickly removed his own clothing. Pippin began to weep as Merry pulled off his underwear. Hearing the lad's sobs, Merry stopped abruptly and looked up. He turned cold when he saw Pippin's distorted expression; a look of pure fear spread across his face, his eyes closed tightly and his lip trembling. "Oh gods, what have I done…?" Merry felt sick to his stomach. He tried to embrace his cousin, but Pippin curled into a ball and shook at the touch. Merry felt a tear run down his cheek. He tentatively stroked the lad's hair, trying to calm him. "I'm so sorry," he said, a lump in his throat. "I-it's okay," Pippin sniffled, "It's my fault." "No, no don't say that, you were just having a little joke. It's my fault. I'm supposed to look after you, not… not do this …" "You didn't do anything," said Pippin. "But I was going to," Merry replied, "I was going to… Oh god, I was going to do such terrible things. I-I thought you were ready, I thought it was what you wanted…" "I thought it was too," his cousin whispered. "I should have known you were too young," Merry continued, "I should never have kissed you, I should never have touched you. It was so wrong of me to hurt you like this… People will say I tried to rape you…" Pippin frowned. Merry hesitated. "You don't even know what that means, do you?" Pip shook his head slightly. "God, I can't do this… How can I ever look at you again after this…?" "It's okay," Pippin said again, quiet as a mouse, "It wasn't your fault." "I've tainted you, taken away your innocence," Merry put his head in his hands, "I'm so sorry." There was a moment of agonising silence, then Merry felt Pippin's arms around him. He hugged him tightly back, rocking him softly as he wept. "Can you ever forgive me?" Merry asked. "I've already forgiven you," Pippin spoke, his voice muffled as his mouth was pressed against the older hobbit's shoulder. "How could I do this to you…? You won't tell anyone, will you? You can't tell anyone, Pip, they'll lock me up." "I-I won't tell," Pippin responded, shaking his head, "It was my fault, Mer, it was all my fault, I'm sorry…" "Hey, hush, don't say that," Merry comforted, "You have nothing to be sorry for. I should never have let this happened." "It's alright, Merry. Can we… Can we go to bed now?" "Yes, love." "We can forget it ever happened, can't we?" Pippin sniffed. "Yes, we can forget all about it," replied Merry, "It's my birthday tomorrow. We'll wake up early and have a nice breakfast, then we can go out strolling, or we could go down to Maggot's farm, or whatever you want to do. You deserve a treat." "Y-you said you had a mathom for me." "I'd give you a thousand mathoms if it would make all this right," Merry sighed. He lay on the bed, and Pippin lay beside him, then he pulled the covers over them. Pippin moved close to him, shivering and crying quietly. Merry held him close and kissed his brow.