smile curving on his lips. She was her mother's daughter… that much was certain. Barely half an hour passed after that before a howl of pain came from the room quickly followed by the shrill wailing of a newborn child. Legolas froze completely and stayed frozen throughout the twenty minutes it took for the sounds to pierce the air once again, just as strongly. Soon both laughter and gentle murmuring came from behind the door but Legolas was unable to make out what was said. They didn't have to wait long before the door opened, forcing Legolas to take a hasty step backwards to avoid a collision, and Elrond came out with a smile upon his face. Legolas could feel the weight of the healer's eyes as they quickly scanned both him and Elladan before storing away his observations for later and smiling to them once more, "You can come in now." Legolas let his gaze move from Elrond and into the room behind him. Immediately, he found himself locked in his daughter's sky blue eyes and for a moment nothing else existed. Even through obvious exhaustion, Maliel's eyes shone with relief and joy at seeing him. As tears welled up inside her eyes, he could no longer stay standing in the doorway and instead he hurried to her, pressing a kiss against her clammy forehead. "Hey there, Princess," Legolas said softly. "Ada…" Maliel greeted with tiredness in her voice. Nonetheless, she smiled brilliantly to him, and he found his worry dissipating enough to focus on more than just his daughter. Elrohir was sitting on Maliel's bedside, glowing with joy, with a wriggling bundle in his arms. The baby's twin was lying on Maliel's chest with a soft, white blanket wrapped over him and his daughter's hand resting lightly upon his back. Legolas' eyes widened slightly with wonder and he crouched beside the bed so he was able to see the baby's face underneath the blanket. Reaching out, he brushed his fingers over the baby's red and warm cheek with the outmost of gentleness. "His name is Naruvir," Elrohir's voice sounded. Legolas reluctantly took his eyes off his grandson and looked up at Elrohir. The twin had gotten up from the bed and was walking over to him, Naruvir's twin still wriggling in his arms. When he stood before Legolas, Elrohir carefully handed the precious bundle over to him. "And this is Caladel," he said softly, proudly. "Our firstborn." Legolas' arms cradled Caladel with so much care and tenderness that it was almost painful to look at. Caladel settled almost immediately in his arms as his calm and gentle aura seeped through the blanket wrapped around his grandson to keep him warm. Legolas gazed upon the baby in his arms, his sapphire eyes gentle with wonder. Wisps of auburn hair covered the top of Caladel's head, and from what he had seen under the shadow of the blanket, the same could be said about Naruvir. Legolas watched as Caladel's tiny nose crinkled slightly before a huge yawn spread the baby's lips. Afterwards, two large eyes were reluctantly opened to the world and Legolas found his eyes locked with a pair of pure, silvery grey, outlined with dark eyelashes. Caladel squinted at the light coming in from the windows and soon closed his eyes once more with a whimper. Instantly, Legolas shushed him and caressed his soft cheek gently, moving his finger over his features almost as if he was etching them into his memory. Caladel waved his arms slightly so Legolas' fingers soon found their way down to one of his tiny hands, holding it and watching as the little fingers curling themselves around his finger. The others in the room were watching Legolas with the baby with smiles upon their lips. Elrohir had sat down beside Maliel once more and the two of them were alternating between gazing at Legolas with their firstborn, and looking after their precious Naruvir. Thranduil moved over to them, congratulating his granddaughter softly and gazing upon his youngest great-grandson. Legolas seemed only to be aware of the little baby in his arms, murmuring softly to him and caressing him. He was so unlike the innocent baby he held in his strong arms… The shadow of hardship and grief hung over him and his shoulders almost couldn't hold up the burdens laid upon them any longer, whereas Caladel was free of all care and troubles. From the way Legolas was clinging to his grandson, it seemed to them as though Caladel was the only thing that kept him from collapsing. When some time had passed, Elladan stepped forward with a smile and asked softly, "Can I see my nephew as well?" Legolas looked up at him, tears in his eyes. "What?" He asked softly, not having registered what Elladan had said. Elladan shook his head and walked over to him, briefly resting his forehead against Legolas'. "Never mind," he said and gazed down upon Caladel in Legolas' arms. They stayed like that for a while but soon both Caladel and Naruvir began whimpering and crying. Legolas and Maliel shushed them softly, trying to comfort them, but Elladan and Elrohir just smiled knowingly. "Come, Legolas," Elladan said gently and guided Legolas over to Maliel's bed. "We best not keep the two of them apart for too long." Understanding what he meant, Legolas gave Caladel over to his father who gently laid the baby beside his brother so Maliel cradled both. Almost instantly the twins' tiny hands found each other and they stopped crying. A/N: I just graduated from my school today so I thought the best way to celebrate is to post the first chapter of the follow-up to 'War of Light and Darkness', despite the fact that I haven't written more than a few chapters the past four months because of school and exams... (Glad that's over! :D - for now) P.s. I hope you enjoyed the last scene as much as I did ^_^