pretend to be what I am not, vicious and arrogant?" Though Lothíriel was an excellent actress, which she had proved on various occasions by performing for guests in Dol Amroth, she hated pretence and had no desire to trick a friend to be. "Lothíriel listen! I remember the days when war thrived between Rohan and Dor-en-Ernil, when the house of Théoden wanted nothing more than to see me dead. I will not forget, no matter what pledge was sworn in the letters we wrote each other, that Rohan is still a challenger and war could as well be the ending of this visit as peace. We must not show weakness. I am certain that the Slayer of the Witch King will stand at the side of the Horse Lord, and I will have you act no lesser." She saw a glimpse of fear from the past in his eyes and understood his reasons, but she could not apply. "You expect me to behave like a warrior princess?" Lothíriel almost started laughing at the silly idea, but swiftly grew serious as she saw her father's strict brow. "I will not be so false! Only once I have displayed such rude behaviour and that was towards a man who had offended you grimly, saying you were a liar. But this is King Éomer of Rohan. He's not even a descendent of Théoden, the man you resented above all. I will continue to be genuine and be myself, and that is my final word." She was angry and hoped bitterly, that Daemyn would not lose courage when she snapped at him in fury, as she turned to walk back. A sharp pain shot through her as Imrahil grabbed her hard around the wrist. Turning back towards him, he looked nothing like anything she'd ever seen. His eyes were desperately pleading her to yield and the muscles threateningly tight. "Daughter," he roared, not comprehending that he was calling attention to their conversation. She went cold and unbreakable like polar ice and faced him defy written in her posture. No man or even a god should lay his hands upon her brittle body, for she was not only among the innocent, but among the just. What he was asking was wrong, and she had the right to walk away. Imrahil had never acted so recklessly against her before and didn't usually treat women harshly, but he was fraught. When she lifted her eyebrows in a hostile manner he realized his doing and let go immediately. "Forgive me Lothíriel; I did not intend to harm you. Please you must understand." His men began moving anxiously trying to read their master and mistress body language. Both Lothíriel and Imrahil knew that his men were loyal to the throne, but also that though the king had their respect and love, she had their sympathy. The king did not fear his daughter to take control with the army, for she had never desired power like he did. Nevertheless had he no doubt that the soldiers would protect her with all means even if her attacker was their own lord. "Lothíriel I beg of you, do me this favour and I will grant you," he paused and then send her a look of guarantee. "I'll grant you your utmost desire." Her heart skipped a beat. She was very aware of the meaning of those words, having fought him too many times before about the subject and she did not believe her ears. "You would let me choose? Discard your previous intentions of deciding my providence and allow me to pick my own husband?" Ever since she was a child her father had made it very clear, that she would never get a saying when her groom was chosen. A political marriage, beneficial for your country, they had told her. When you are old enough a suiting man will be appointed and you will accept it . Lothíriel was an individual of freedom and praised above many things, the right to make your own fortune. She had opposed the council of Dol Amroth without success so long, because she refused to be treated like a puppet and sold of like horse. The fact that her father was now bending to her was a temptation she could not resist. "I forgive you dear father," she spoke honey in her voice. "If you promise to unleash me and let me fasten my own knots I will be your proud warrior queen." His happiness was apparent and he shook her hands, gratitude beaming from his smile. "I promise my dear heart. Who knows, we might find that it will not be necessary in the end." She loved her father, and she knew that it was fear that made him ask this of her. She did not want to yield to him, but the offer was too good to be turned down, she would do it. As she returned to Daemyn the play had already begun. She was no longer Lothíriel, but Cela, the heartless rock. She asked Daemyn to hand her another coat once she reached him, the blue airy one that looked like opaque butterfly wings. He only thought her to be dressing up for the arrival and she tried not to look him directly in the eyes, as she knew they would freeze him in an instant. Lifting her chin high, she was helped unto the horse once more and caught a glimpse of her father before Daemyn climbed up in front of her. Imrahil was worried. She knew how dearly he loved her, and did not care to ask such a callous favour from her. Still he was glad she had submitted and followed his biddings. Lothíriel full of shame from selling herself like that, but also joyful that she at last had won the right to choose her own path. The trip was near the ending, and she readied herself for a performance in the mask of the ice goddess.