saw that the only ones sitting at the table were the ones from Legolas' patrol, they looked up when Legolas and Thonor came in. Legolas noted that he hadn't told them when they were leaving again. "We are leaving again in a couple of hours." Legolas said while he took a seat around the table. "What…?" One of the elves asked disheartened, "We've only just arrived and all of us are exhausted." "I'm sorry…" Legolas said guiltily, "I tried to at least get you one day, but it could not be. I will not force any of you to go if you are unable." But all the elves knew that Legolas was by far more wearied than them. They had had days of in shifts sometimes, but he never had any days. None of them could remember the last time their leader had gotten and time off. For a whole month Legolas had been sleeping with his eyes closed, at first they hadn't said anything and had begun taking his nightshifts so he could sleep, but Legolas had caught them. It was rare for them to see any form of despair or exhaustion in Legolas' expression, he stayed strong for them and that was what willed them to follow him and help him as much as possible. They would never abandon him, so every one of them turned down Legolas' offer. They ate quickly and them went to their own places to pack their belongings for everything between two weeks and a month. Legolas spent the time talking with Thonor since he had already packed; from him he heard how things were in the palace. It was on so rare occasions that Legolas was home so he didn't quite know how things were holding up. Then the time came for them to set out again. They could almost still feel the sweat on their horses from the night before and now they were forced to take them riding back to the front lines. "Take care of yourself Legolas." Thonor said and hugged Legolas tightly before letting him go. "You as well my friend. Keep an eye on things while I'm gone." Legolas smiled, but then his gaze pulled to something behind Thonor. He looked behind himself and watched as King Thranduil made his way towards the company. All of them bowed as he stopped in front of them. Thranduil did not embrace Legolas, he did not wish him a safe trip or anything a father would say to his son instead he said without looking at Legolas, "I can see your exhaustion and I cannot express my gratitude for you keeping Mirkwood safe from enemies. This time I will allow you to take shifts in having a couple of days off." The elves thanked him though their eyes went straightaway to their captain, who was now smiling with relief over Thranduil allowing his men to rest. All of them could see that the agreement had not involved Legolas. "My king, what about Legolas?" Thonor asked before Legolas could stop him. "That is not of your concern." Thranduil answered indifferently. "Yes it is because Legolas is my friend and I cannot keep watching as you run him to the ground!" Thonor said angrily. Thranduil's rage grew after he heard this he took a step towards Thonor. "Legolas follows my orders, he is the prince of Mirkwood and that bears certain responsibilities!" "Like what? Getting run down to the point of collapsing?" Thonor's voice darkened as he said this. "You have been destroying Legolas!" "Thonor stop it." Legolas said urgently when he saw the fury on Thranduil's face. "HOW DARE YOU!" Thranduil roared and walked up to Thonor with his hand raised so as to hit him. Legolas saw what he was about to do and pushed Thonor away so he was hit instead. The blow sounded through the courtyard and a shocked silence followed. Legolas staggered from the force but quickly righted himself again. Thranduil was also shocked at what he had just done, but anger quickly followed, "Are you too tired to carry out you duty as the prince of Mirkwood?" He asked roughly. "No." "Are you so weak that you cannot defend the borders of your own home? Do you want me to use more inexperienced captains for your team while you are home counting bodies?" "I would never want that, my lord." Legolas said emotionlessly though his eyes had darkened when his father had said it. "Then I shall hear no more of this!" The king roared to Legolas and shook him by the shoulder. "You will not, my King." Legolas said and bowed. He then turned away from he king and walked over to his horse. The elves could know see the full extent of the punch, Legolas had a steadily forming bruise on his cheek and there was blood on the corner of his mouth. He raised a slightly shaking hand to wipe the blood away and then he mounted his horse. When the king had gone back inside Thonor came over, "I'm sorry Legolas…" He choked shakily. Legolas only shook his head, "Don't be, but next time Thonor do not let your rage get the better of you." Legolas smiled at him. "How can you expect me not to when you're begin treated like this? You haven't had day off in almost half a year. Your body can't keep handling this Legolas." Thonor said worriedly. I know Thonor, but this is between the king and me. Don't get yourself punished for my sake, it will only make it worse." Legolas then looked at his patrolmen who were looking protectively at him. There was still anger in their eyes from what Thranduil had said to their captain. He smiled and said to them, "Let's head out." Grudgingly they nodded and turned their horses down the path. Legolas said his last goodbye to his friend and then he followed them. They soon vanished into the dark forest.