hope. To be honest, he was quite startled when he saw that the girl who was near death's door was obviously fighting so hard to stay in this life. He wondered about the one word she spoke when she gazed upon him. Ludo. A name most likely, but of what relation was she to her? It was someone close with the tender way she spoke the name. Shaking his head, he continued on with haste. " Edro in ennyn (open the gates)!" He shouted as he ran towards the gates. The guards immediately did so and looked perplexed as they watched him run by carrying the prone form. Moments later, he burst through the doors of the healing chambers and startled the elves working within. Walking to one bed, he gently set the woman down on it. "Her back has been pierced with an arrow, and I believe it to have been poisoned. I know not how long she has been this way, but you must hurry." Arodeth listened patiently as he breathed out this information. Her blonde hair was pinned up, and her somewhat aged face held a kindness that many experienced and weary healers lacked. Once he finished, she instructed one of the healers to summon the king for she could see that his son would not make any attempt to leave just yet. She turned around and began to examine her patient as the room remained quiet after the healer walked hurriedly from the room to call upon Thranduil. "This poor child," she said to herself softly. "We need to get her on her stomach," she spoke firmly to those working around her. Legolas intercepted those who made to help her and strode forward before gently rolling her onto her stomach. Without thinking, he pushed the hair from her face and had the decency to turn away as his cheeks colored when he noticed Arodeth look at him and smile in slight confusion. He stepped back and cleared his throat, embarrassed. "I'm afraid I will be needing to open the back of her dress. If you will, hîr nín (my lord), excuse yourself. I will inform you and the King as soon as I am finished," she addressed him as she motioned for those around to prepare to begin their duties to heal the young woman brought to them. He nodded, and with one last look at the mysterious woman, he left the chambers. He padded down the empty hall softly and awaited the arrival of his father as questions whirled through his mind. Was the woman a traveler who had been ambushed on her journey, or was there a nearby attack? What could this mean for Mirkwood? Realizing the selfish turn his thoughts had taken, he returned to questioning who she could possibly be and what horrors she could have experienced. If she made it through, would she be pleased at the fact or would she drift through her days in a fog? Who would have attacked an unarmed and unimposing woman and why? His mind whirled continuously with questions he would not discover the answer to for some time, if at all. With a sigh, he turned at the sound of his father approaching and all questions ceased for the moment. "Legolas," he stated as he briskly closed the distance between them. "What is the meaning of all this? Who is this woman of whom they speak?" he asked roughly, but not unkindly. "She arrived alone, unarmed and severely wounded. I know not who she is or even what race she may belong to, but all questions will have to wait until she is healed though she may not be very forthcoming." His father faced the door and stood proudly with his hands clasped behind his back and looked to be pondering something. "Why do you question her race?" This snapped Legolas out of his own reverie as he crossed his arms over his chest and considered the question. He did not expect this to his father's first concern, but he always had a strange way about him. A king had to be careful of who he trusted. After all, this woman could very well be an enemy who they just willingly invited into their home and were in the process of aiding. Whatever she was or would become to them, they could not leave her to die. "Most of her qualities are human, but her ears are pointed and her eyes are like nothing I have ever seen." His father turned his head to him and he tensed up immediately. Legolas noticed this and he slid his eyes over to him curiously. This statement seemed to stir some sort of internal conflict within his father. "What of them?" he asked, attempting to keep a neutral tone and stance but Legolas was not fooled. "They are a light brown," he began but paused as he remembered briefly staring into the wild eyes of the woman he carried not too long ago. How very strange they were, he thought to himself. "Indeed that must have been shocking to see something other than the grey or blue ones of the elves," his father interrupted with a hint of teasing. Clearing his throat, he continued on with a singular detail that immediately caught his father's interest – "her right eye had a miniscule patch of violet." His father could no longer hold his composure as his hands came unclasped and swung to his sides limply and his eyes widened considerably. "It cannot be," he said quietly before lifting his right hand and rubbing his chin in contemplation. "Perhaps it is just a coincidence," he spoke to himself, seemingly forgetting his son stood in his presence. Before Legolas could pose his next question, his father straightened and passed him. "Forgive me, my son, but I must leave you for now." And with that, he swept down the hall from where he came, leaving a perplexed elf in his wake.