his own crying. It was as though his tears were discreetly extracting Merry's tears from his own heart. "Merry…?" "Y-yes…p-pip?" He stammered through his wisps of breath, then taking time to look down at Pippin's slightly less pained face. "I love you…and…w-when mom and dad finds out…" Pippin hesitated slightly, and then he looked around almost as if to make sure that no one way there. "I'll tell 'em to go fuck themselves" Pippin whispered, his eyes darting around, almost as if expecting to turn around and see his parents grounding him for cussing; it was an old habit that children developed. Merry giggled, causing Pippin to raise an eyebrow; he just didn't know how damn cute he looked right now! Little scared voice, sneaking around with a little cuss word, and although no one was there; he thought he had gotten away with some badass move. "What's so funny?" "Never mind Pip…" Merry snickered, ruffling his little cousin's hair. "Hey…Merry?" "Yes, Pip?" Pippin hesitated, and looked up towards the setting sun. Swirls of red and orange mixed into a vast hybrid color, spread although-out the sky. It looked so beautiful. "Will you sing me a song, Merry?" He mumbled, mortified, as his eyes never left the setting sun. Merry was quite blown back by Pippin's forwardness, but by Pippin's red face he could tell that he was quite serious. But he sighed, looking in the direction in which Pippin was staring. The sun was setting quite quickly, and if they didn't find a roof over their head quickly, night would dawn on them. "I…uh…" Merry knew the severity of finding a shelter quickly, but he couldn't just come out and say 'no' to the hopeful eyes of the young Took. "Please don't say 'No', Merry…" Pippin choked on his own words as he begged his cousin, reaching out and grabbing the only thing he could reach, Merry's pinky. His whole hand clasped around the pinky as his emerald eyes gleamed and burned the very fabrics of Merry's heart. He felt so bad that he had even considered telling him no. "We're going to have to wait…" he saw Pippin's face fall, " just until we find somewhere to stay for the night…" Merry saved himself. Pippin still didn't look too pleased to have to wait, but his looking as almost in tears had gone safely away. "Where do you think-" "I don't know…" …Pippin looked around, he couldn't see anywhere that seemed empty, but he had and hankering for ale and a pipe right now. Suddenly he got an idea. "The Green Dragon…" "Pip, you know how populated-" Pippin's eyes seemed to fade off into the distance, as if he was contemplating just how ingenious his location was. "It's Sunday…" "And-wait, what?" "It's Sunday…The Green Dragon is-" "Is closed…. Pippin! You're a Genius!! It's closed, Pippin!!" His smile grew widely, "and tomorrow is the birthday of the owner, and it's closed once more!! We'll have one more day to stay there…" He lunged himself at Pippin and embraced him in a hug, Pippin winced and a deep little whine came from his throat. Merry slowly backed off him to see that he had been leaning slightly on Pippin's leg. He fell backwards quickly, "Oh, my god Pip-I'm so sorry!!" Pippin's happy go lucky smile returned, "Its quite okay, Merry…let's just get a move on to the Green Dragon." "Ere we go that way…I best bandage your wounds…" He said as though they weren't lacking in supplies. Merry noticed that as a preparation, he began to carefully unbutton his shirt. As he finished, he slowly slipped it off his shoulders and held it in one hand. As a top, he had only been wearing a thin, crisp, white shirt with single button sleeves and buttons all the way down the chest. It looked extremely expensive and Merry had looked like he had been avoiding getting it dirty, and he was probably taking it off to avoid getting it bloody. "Lift your right leg…" Pippin blushed, "But what about your shirt-you've not wanted to get it dirty…" Merry raised an eyebrow and looked at the shirt in his hands curiously, "I've only been keeping this clean to bandage your wounds…" "Huh?" Pippin sounded like he was half letting out breath, and half about in utter confusion as if his whole life's train of thought had just been proved wrong in a period of five seconds. Merry laughed, and then frowned at his shirt in a kind of hate, and simultaneously tore the shirt in half almost as if in a rage. "I don't care about this shirt…" He smiled at Pippin's bewildered face. He began to bandage Pippin's leg, wrapping it under his leg and tying it on the top until taut. The white material instantly began to soak up the crimson thick gush coming from Pippin's leg. As Pippin still sat in an utter loss of words, Merry looked over at him in worry. "Does it feel any better at all , Pip?" Merry asked. But Pippin noticed why he had thrown in the words any , and at all ; it was his way of subconsciously saying 'he will say yes if I just leave some room for "ifs" on the question.' Pippin reluctantly nodded, still looking at the pieces of the ripped, expensive shirt, which Merry was paying no attention to. But the sight of Merry's now slightly-smiling face snapped him out of his trance, "Well, now that that has been said...let us get a move on to the Green Dragon, shall we?" And for the first time since he had tripped and fallen that evening, Pippin smiled, an honest-to-god joyous smile. "Yes." Pippin giggled as he said this aloud. And then to himself, "I can't wait to spend the night in your arms…" End of chapter 1. Sorry!!! I love cliffies!!! But if I get a lot of good reviews on this, I'll be quick to post!!