realised at once it was a surprised attack from the wild-men so I quickly ran but to camp but it was too late, all my men were slaughtered… The attackers nearly got me as well but I survived for some reason… It should have been me killed, not my men" Grace sourly said in bitter hatred making Aragorn stiffly look at her. "It was not your fault" he whispered, placing a hand onto her very own, his warm hands sending heat into Grace's frozen ones. "It feels as if it was… After that day I have always travelled alone and trained harder to avenge their deaths, which I did two years ago before going into spying for Lord Elrond" Grace told him, intently gazing into his eyes still. Aragorn finally noticed life come back into her onyx eyes, which almost seemed a dark blue, and Aragorn believed that the barriers that she lived behind were slowly breaking down. Two weeks had passed and Aragorn and Grace had spent their entire spare time with each other; speaking, riding, training and planning for the coming battle. It was obvious to Lord Elrond, whom was watching them from a distance, that a strong bond had erupted between them both meaning that his daughter Arwen was saved from sharing a life with Aragorn. Thankfully Arwen had spotted this as well and instead of fighting for him, she encouraged them to spend time together and to build their bond. "Aragorn…" Grace addressed him as they both sat together near the river that bordered Rivendell. Aragorn gazed at Grace with a smile across his features. It was strange how she made him feel over the past two weeks; ever since she had opened up to him his heart quickened at the thought of her, his eyes softened as she spoke and a smile always appeared on his face when they spent time together. "I am afraid of the coming battle…" she expressed, her eyes glazing over as she gazed into the distance, her brows pulled together in thought and worry. After the two weeks Grace had done something she hadn't done for many years. "Why do you fear it? You are the greatest fighter known" Aragorn asked her as he looked at her in confusion. Grace, who sighed softly, looked back at him, parting her lips to speak but not a sound left them until she shook her head and looked back into the distance. "It sounds foolish" she softly said but Aragorn shook his head making her sigh before speaking again. "For many years I have tried not to get close to anyone because I am afraid of losing them like I lost my own army… and now… now when I find someone so different, so special, I... well, I do not know what to do. Do I pull away and feel nothing or do I pull closer and feel everything?" she whispered, her eyes tearing up for the first time in so many years. Aragorn tightly gripped onto her hand, finally understanding why she had been a little shifty during the two weeks. Aragorn was unsure what to say, he could not council her one way or another but his heart leapt for joy at the thought of her loving him but his heart almost fell into pieces at the thought of her pulling away. He kept silence, secretly praying to the Valar that they would give him some words he could say but none came to him, all he could do was squeeze her hand in comfort, the sensation sending shivers down his spine. "Many years I have spent alone and those years have been my worse…" she told him. "What about the other years when you were not a lone?" Aragorn asked her without a second thought. "Those were my best" she replied without hesitation, turning to look at him in the eye, the emotion deep within her eyes made Aragorn show his very own emotions to her without a word. Time slowed down as both Aragorn and Grace edged nearer to one another, their breaths rugged and something strange lingering in the air. Only millimetres away Grace paused in hesitation but Aragorn ignored in, placing a soft unsure kiss on her lips. When pulling away emotions flooded the atmosphere making a smug looking Elrond, who hid in the bushes metres away, turning around and scatter off into his study with a huge smile covering half of his face. The final week had passed and the Captain, along with his army, proudly stood on the walls of Rivendell, watching the orc army approaching with their sharp elven eyes. Grace stood in the shadows, her bow tightly in her grip and her trusted sword in the sheath attached to her belt. A light hand touched her very own that sat on her bow, making her eyes dart to the left, a fresh new smile falling onto her glowing features. "Are you ready?" Grace asked the owner of the hand, a smile appearing on the owners face that matched her very own. "Always my love" Aragorn softly replied, placing a small peck on her cheek before preparing himself for the battle. "Keep safe" he told her that made a few elven soldiers glance in their direction with unknown smiles on their faces. "I always do" she replied before nudging him. "It should be me telling you that" she added making Aragorn childishly huff, his eyes sparkling. "Then I should tell you that I also always do keep safe" he softly said with a childish grin on his face making her roll her eyes. "Then what a pair we make." The residents at Rivendell were victorious and both Aragorn and Grace survived the battle; they both travelled in the North together until the coming of the One Ring when both Aragorn and Grace joined the Fellowship of the Ring, fighting alongside each other until the very end when Aragorn became King and Grace became Queen.