was being sarcastic you spoon – thank you for saving my butt" Gold said with a wheezy laugh, her ribs aching with the attempt. Haldir smiled down at her in amusement for the way she spoke sounded much like a Man's when they're drunk. With swift movement he lifted Gold up earning an annoyed snort from her. "I'm not completely hopeless you know… I could walk" she sarcastically said earning a chuckle from the elves that surrounded her. Haldir, with a sharp look, sent the silly elves away back to their posts while he carried Gold back towards the house of healing. "How bad are the injuries?" Haldir asked as he walked making Gold screw up her face. "Broken ribs, arm and leg… nothing drastic" she managed to speak making Haldir shake his head at her behaviour – it would take him a while to get used to her. "You know… you looked a little worried when the Captain was about to kill me" Gold bluntly said while innocently fluttering her eyes in a childish manner. Haldir opened his mouth to speak but snapped it shut as soon as a goofy smile appeared on Gold's mouth. "It's alright to have a weakness" Gold mumbled making Haldir roll his eyes in annoyance before glaring ahead. "It isn't good to have a weakness…" he started to say but Gold butted in. "I have a weakness" Gold merrily said as if Haldir hadn't spoken at all. Haldir wasn't going to say a thing but he was curious – the mighty Golden Warrior has a weakness. "What is that then?" Haldir slowly said pretending that he didn't care the slightest bit but Gold, who carefully watched his iron eyes, knew that he did. With her right hand she managed to poke him in the chest, the movement making her head spin and her eyes cloud over. "You" she managed to breathe out before she went unconscious, her form falling limp in Haldir's arms. Haldir managed to hold in a cry as his heart crinkled and twisted in pain; he didn't have much time left, he had to get to the house of healing immediately. A russle was heard from the bushes and out flew Storm the stallion, his eyes wide with fear once setting them on his mistresses limp form. Haldir, without a second thought, approached the stallion before swinging both himself and Gold on, making the stallion uneasily snort in disgust for he only liked his mistress. Haldir kicked the stallion forward but he refused to move, threatening to rear up but unknown to Haldir he wouldn't dare to for his love towards his mistress was too great. "Storm we must go, Gold is weak… S-S-She is dying" Haldir tried to bravely say but his emotions were too overwhelming making him stutter and weaken. Storm, realising the emergency and pain in Haldir's words, lunged forward with all his might, racing forward to go back to Lothlórien. Haldir clung onto Storm's waving mane with one hand while his other hand protectively kept around Gold's waist, refusing to let her fall off, or more importantly, let her go… Many days later Haldir was startled from his weakened singing form by a loud groan and gasp. Gold weakly opened her eyes to gaze around the room but soon stopped as soon as they landed on Haldir who paused his singing. "You look awful" she croaked at him with a lopsided playful smile making Haldir understand that she was playing around with him. Haldir let out a breath of relief before sitting at her side, brushing a strand of hair out of her face. "Not as awful as you" he whispered back at her making her attempt a chuckle which sounded much like an upside down dog choking on his own saliva. She attempted to sit herself up but her left side was still weak but thankfully Haldir helped her, making her give him a soft smile, accepting the help without a comment. "You have a beautiful voice" she noted, referring to his singing and Haldir's ears turned red in embarrassment; oh how the elves would laugh at him for being so soft. Gold slowly lifted her right hand, brushing her fingers across his redden ears making them even brighter as he shuddered under the touch. Gold managed to grin in victory at the reaction but her grin soon fell as she gazed into his iron grey eyes which were filled with happiness yet there was still pain and sadness in them. "What is wrong Haldir?" she asked him in such a serious tone that it surprised Haldir but he bowed his head down for his heart was still in pain. "I thought I had lost you" he softly told her making her give another amusing chuckle. "Where is Haldir and what have you done with him?" Gold croaked in amusement making Haldir give her a stern glare; here he was trying to act all serious and loving and she manages to act childish and immature, then again, Haldir couldn't help but laugh at her for her silliness brightened up his heart and his sorrow was soon lost. He gazed deeply into her eyes before planting a soft, sweet kiss upon her lips which made Gold beam in happiness as she returned the kiss. Galadriel, whom was watching from outside without them knowing, silently giggled as her eyes shone in amusement and laughter; oh this was one story she wouldn't forget in a hurry. Of course Galadriel, Gold nor Haldir spoke of those moments shared… so naturally, everyone in Lothlórien knew what had happened with their sharp hearing and eyes. The elves accepted Haldir's fate but every now and again they were told off for laughing at Gold winning arguments against Haldir (which angered him much). Gold and Haldir happily remained together and after many years they marched side by side to Helms Deep where they both bravely fought and died, side by side, hand in hand.