day I learnt more about Haldir and each day I fell deeper and deeper in love with him. He was not like the stories went, for he was not cruel, stuck up and cold. He had a heart of gold and often cracked silly jokes and laughed. His smile as soft as the wind, and little dimples appeared on each side giving me something to tease him about for the rest of the days. Many times Elrond attended me, but soon I was well, and he had business to attend, spending less time with me. Haldir, however, kept to my side as much as possible. The sun was brightly shinning down at the pair of us as we sat in the gardens of Rivendell. I lazily leaned onto Haldir who in return wrapped his left arm around me, being careful to touch my tender ribs. "Haldir…" I slowly asked, looking off into the distance in a daze. Haldir stiffened slightly, knowing what was to come. "How long was I asleep… and what happened at Helms Deep?" I asked, blinking repeatedly before gazing intently at Haldir who looked deep into my eyes with unease. Silence now danced between us both before he spoke. "I'll begin with Helms Deep. I do not know what happened after I passed into darkness, but when I awoke I found myself in the healer's room. Legolas visited me and told me that we had be victorious in battle and he told me that many died while defending it. I asked about you, but he did not know you, so he went away. Many days I tried getting up to search for you, but I could not move. Aragorn visited me after five days and told me that you had brought me to the caves during the battle to be healed. I asked him to ask you to visit me, but he said that you had fallen… My heart shattered into a million pieces when he told me this, but he straightened things out by telling me that you were still alive but very slowly recovering. On the third week I managed to visit you, even though I was still in pain, and Aragorn and a healer were by your side arguing. As soon as they noticed me they fell into silence, so I asked if you had improved… The healer told me that you were fighting against darkness and that you would not survive much longer but Aragorn, he told me to keep hope…" at this, Haldir sighed, looking away into the distance. I placed my hand onto his right hand that was tightly clenched together what was sitting on his lap. Straight away it softened and his hand grasped onto mine softly sending tingles up my arm and down my spine. With a small sigh, Haldir continued, keeping his eyes fixed into the distance. "After a month had passed all of us, except Aragorn and I, believed that you had fallen into darkness and that you'll never return. I spoke to my second in command, and told him to lead the elves of the golden wood back home while I got my third in command to lead the elves of Rivendell back here. Then, after discussing the plan with Aragorn, I took a horse and rode with all the speed I could here with you in my arms. A week and four days it took, for we were fast but we still had to keep caution in our journey. As soon as I arrived Elrond ran out, taking you straight into his arms and leading you to your room – I'm sure he knew of your condition and he knew of your journey here. Elrond took the rest of the month and three weeks to heal you, and I pray to Valar that I'll never have to hear his distress ever again, it sent tears to my eyes, for even he thought he had lost you… But he noticed you fighting against the darkness so hope filled his heart again, and he spent all of his time by your side, as did I… That is all that there is to say, I have no news on how the war is fairing…" Haldir finished with a sigh. I tightly gripped his hand before relaxing. "Thank you so much, Haldir, for you have saved my life" I whispered into his ear. He sharply turned his head, our noses touching as he gazed into my eyes, a spark being seen. "No, you saved mine and the cost was high… You should have left me" he whispered. I placed both of my hands onto his cheeks as he tried to turn his head away. "Haldir…" I whispered softly, feeling his body relax down slightly as I gazed longingly into his eyes. "…I couldn't" I barely said through my lips. "Why not?" he stubbornly replied. I softly smiled, lifting my right hand up slightly, letting my finger run along the rim of his ear. He shuddered at the touch for elf's ears were extremely sensitive. "Do you feel it? The connection… you sparked it with your touch…" I whispered. To answer my words, he closed the gap between us, his lips moving against mine. Even then, the connection strengthened between us. We moved our lips apart, gazing into each other's eyes again. I saw it all in his eyes, joy, passion and love, something I had always wished for in a partner. "Be mine?" he whispered and I nodded my head, a smile playing on my lips as I kissed him again. Sometimes, to find happiness you have to travel through the darkest of times, even when hope seems lost and so far away… When facing something that could mean the end to you, always remember that someone will always be there for you and understand what you are going through, even if your best friend isn't standing next to you, because sometimes you can find something or someone better.