his shoulder. He had made the tunnel, himself. I awoke to a trembling weight on my chest and when I moved the person, for person it was, started up like a frightened animal. "LEGOLAS!" he exclaimed in Gimli's voice. It could be no other yet I did not recognize him. Where once a proud mantle of beard hung now there was just a ragged fur. He clasped a piece of parchment to his chest as though it were a magic talisman and his face was white. "GIMLI!" I gasped in kind, staring. "You're not dead!" he choked and then I saw the tracks of tears on his cheeks. "No!" I said, almost shouting, incredulous. "What happened to you?" "You had died! I cut off my beard in mourning." I shook my head, still groggy. After a pause, he added, "I came to see you and you were still as death! You did not breathe, your heart did not beat! How could you live now?" "I was in a trance," I explained. "The body slows. What is that paper?" "A letter to my father. Telling him that I was leaving Middle Earth." I marveled. "To-to see Galadriel?" "To take you to Valinor!" "But Gimli," I replied. "Had I died, my spirit would go to Valinor. There I would be once more clothed in living flesh just as I am now." "BAH!" he exclaimed in exasperation and threw his hands up in the air, turning away. "Gimli, wait! Where is it? Your beard." "Where is my beard ? It is to be burned!" "Give it to me," I said, leaping out of bed. He protested but I was already feeling better and told him so. We rescued his beard from a cooking fire and I took it outside. "It is not as though we can once again attach it to my face," he objected. "I've sheared it off for nothing!" "Your knife," I demanded, holding out a hand. He gave it to me and I twisted up my own hair like a rope, cutting it close and even. He gasped when he saw me do this but was too late to stop me. I wadded it all up together, his hair and mine, and cast it to the wind, up into the branches of the pale trees to hang like moss for the animals to take. Then I grasped Gimli by the hands and danced around him in a circle. "It was just as you said!" I exclaimed. "All land is one. My roots stretch under the sea and twine with those of Telperion and Laurelin! They are no t dead, but underground!" "Who is that? You are making me dizzy," he complained. "I do not go to Valinor!" I said, smiling. "Not now. I will live here until I choose to go." "Here?" Gimli asked and his face fell. "In Middle Earth," I explained. "Not here at this place. Come, let us walk under the trees." So we walked and I once again delighted in things that grew in the good, rich earth. Something moved me to laughter and Gimli looked up at me. "By the iron hammers of Dwaine, it's good to hear you laughing again. What is it about this time?" "I was thinking," I said, "that somewhere a bird is building a nest of our hair." "Gold and red brass. But what is funny about a nest?" Like so many things I found amusing, he did not understand. Neither could I explain to him the pleasure I felt that this should be so. Tilting my head back, I observed the deep blue of the sky beyond the trees. "A robin, I should think." Gimli shook his head. "Not the robin song. You sing that every time we see one of those damned-" But I was already singing the one-hundred-forty-seventh ballad of spring. My voice was rough with disuse and not as clear as it used to be. Still, I sang. Gimli pretended to be exasperated. I know secretly he was as pleased as I. "Gimli, sing," I pleaded between verses. "You know the words. I've sung them to you a thousand times at least." He declined, claiming his voice too rough and deep for birdsong; that such music was meant for elves to make. I asked him to sing something dwarvish but he refused that as well, with so many listening. Never had I suspected Gimli of self-consciousness. Now that I was well, he meant to remain silent and let me do the singing for both of us. No amount of pestering would change his mind. Dwarves are stubborn! Several days later I was almost wholly recovered. It was time we went home and so we gathered food for our journey, sought out our horses, and returned north and west. I would one day go to the ocean and sail across it to Valinor but knew in my heart that it could wait. Whereas before I was adrift, now I felt that other land through my feet, through the bones of the earth, and understood the separation to be no more than illusion. Not even water truly parted me from that place. Gimli showed me that. Only he, a child of the deep earth, could have done so. He also showed me that, indeed, there is nothing better than to know, with every beat of your heart, whom you love forever. Since my journey I have not once heard of a dwarf cutting off his beard for any reason and I suspect that there is no such custom. I never asked. Neither, as I found out later, do dwarves commonly feel such a love as Gimli described. They do covet their women as they covet jewels, jealously guarding them against rivals. What I initially took to be a habit of his race turned out to be a peculiarity of Gimli alone. Never mind. Beauty defies logic and love does not explain itself even when we beg to understand.