scream and wriggled as the heat frantically burnt her skin making her head dizzy from the pain and the amount of blood pouring out. Corlia thought this was it, the end, and she sadly gazed over Sauron's shoulder, looking down at Gil-galad where he was laying, forced not to move by the power of the One Ring. Gil-galad was in tears watching his lover burning to death but something flickered in her eyes and, in an attempt to free Gil-galad and Elendil, she grasped onto Sauron's own sword, pulling it out before stabbing it into his leg, his mind focused onto something else as the effect of the One Ring lessened allowing both Gil-galad and Elendil to move once more. The pair grasped onto their weapons again before driving them into Sauron, making him back away from Corlia who fell to the floor in a heap, Sauron's weapon obviously taking its toll on her as black lines the size of tree vines travelled up her arms. The pain of the black lines were nothing compared to the pain of the burnt skin but the thought left her mind as Sauron advanced her way once more, wanting nothing more than to destroy her. She held her breath, glaring at him as she forced herself to boldly stand up. "I do not fear you" she angrily sneered and Sauron cruelly laughed before grasping onto her once more, his hand travelling further and further into her body as she kept herself from screaming. Sauron knew that Corlia would perish any second and he mocked the elves and men around him as they paused in battle to watch the outcome but before Sauron could succeed he was tackled to the side by Gil-galad who angrily cried out as he fought Sauron. Elendil, badly hurt, tried peeling the two apart as did Corlia who stumbled from side to side, dragging Tyarel across the floor but it was too late, Gil-galad was flat out on the floor, his breathing deep and ragged. "No…" she whimpered, falling to the ground beside him as tears freely fell down her paling face, all colour gone. "Don't leave me" her strangled voice cried as she leant forward, droplets of blood from her shoulder falling onto Gil-galad's dirty blue clothing. Gil-galad slowly opened his eyes as he beheld the love of his life once more and he moved his hand under his tunic, towards his heart before he pulled out a beautiful Silver flag with small white stars on but Corlia noticed that half of it was burnt so she glanced down at Gil-galad's chest noticing a large hole where Sauron had tried grasping onto his heart as well. "Take it" Gil-galad pleaded, "Take it and give it to the one that takes your heart." "My heart is already taken by you" Corlia sobbed, trying to make the dying ellon keep a hold of his sacred flag. Gil-galad shook his head. "Please Corlia, take it, your heart still has room for another" Gil-galad slowly said, gasping for breath as Corlia took the flag from him, her sight blurred from tears. "May you be free of war, special one, for I have given my life for yours. When speaking with Galadriel I looked into her mirror and I saw your fall… I could not allow it" Gil-galad managed to whisper as he gazed into Corlia's eyes for the final time. Corlia's lips fell open as her heart tightened. "May the Valar protect you, I shall watch over you." As Gil-galad felt his soul slip away he also saw his lover die with him, all life, hope and happiness escaping from her eyes. With a heart-wrenching scream Corlia cried, she cried for the loss of her friends that had died in this battle and she cried for the first love of her life. A gentle hand fell upon her untouched shoulder and she flinched before gazing up into the iron grey eyes of Lord Elrond. Despair lingered in them as he gazed between Corlia and Gil-galad. He parted his lips to speak words of wisdom but he didn't get the chance for Corlia stood and gazed down at Gil-galad's mangled form, her heart wrenching and twisting as she felt all emotion drain out of her, she did not even feel the pain from her shoulder or her chest where Sauron had touched her. "Was the ring destroyed?" she asked Elrond but he turned his head away, a single tear rolling down his own face as Corlia's dropped, every last piece of emotion disappearing. She nodded her head, placing Tyarel in its sheath, gazing around the area only to find herself, Elrond and Cίrdan still alive. That was when she felt her own heart stopping. She had lost everything; her lover, her friends and herself – and for what? Nothing. "Did no more survive?" she quietly asked but Elrond shook his head. She angrily gritted her teeth before yanking off a silver ring from her finger, biting off the blue gem before pocketing it. She handed Elrond the silver ring earning a surprised and fearful look. "Give it to Celeborn, he will understand what to do" Corlia told him, the light free voice long gone as a dead, emotionless took its place. "Corlia you need this to be immortal…" Elrond reasoned knowing the true power of the ring. "I shall live a mortal life" Corlia said, kneeling down at Gil-galad's side giving him a soft kiss on his forehead, standing once more. "My life is worthless without him" she softly sobbed before turning, hobbling away from the two. "Aren't you going to stop her?" Cίrdan asked but Elrond numbly shook his head, also turning before walking away but in a different direction. Elrond knew that Corlia needed time alone; she needed to train and she needed to accept Gil-galad's death. Cίrdan glanced at the two leaving forms, his heart torn, and he glanced down at Gil-galad, an old friend of his. "Goodbye my friend."