body, her left leg lifeless as the weight of Spirit and the warg crushed all its senses. Grace looked to the left, ignoring the warg for a split second to see the fate of Aragorn. Aragorn had sent the orc rider to the floor but he was attached to the warg and both he and the beast fell from sight over the cliff. Anger and pain welled up in Grace's heart as she looked to the snarling Warg and, with whatever strength she could muster, she swung her broken sword at the wargs neck sending it flying off Spirits body, the warg twitching as the life left its body. Spirit loudly whined again, his breathing loud and unsteady as pain overcame his senses. The stallion tried standing up to get off of his mistress but he shook, his legs unable to bear the task. "Shh…" Grace cooed, grabbing a fistful of black mane as she pulled the stallion back down again. Grace knew her leg was beyond repair and, truthfully, she had no hope of recovering from this fall so she quietly spoke to the stallion Spirit in hope of calming him down. She hoped the stallion would not strain himself and make his wounds worse than they already were. Darkness was overcoming her sight but she fought it, she must continue on to help destroy the forces of evil but most of all to discover the fate of Aragorn. It was sometime later until Spirit attempted moving again, a loud grunt of pain and anger erupting from his chest as he unsteadily made it to his feet. The stallion swished his tail as he flinched at the pain from the movement. Spirit fell to his knees once more but the distressed look on Grace's face set determination in the stallion's heart and he arose once more, loudly calling out for anyone to hear. Grace was still awake but she couldn't find the will to move, her armour was dented into her stomach making it extremely difficult to breathe and the tingling sensation in her left leg warned her that the numbing sensation would soon leave and pain would shoot up through her body to remind her that the leg was indeed broken and extremely destroyed. Spirit continued to call out, his neighs one of distress as wounded soldiers looked on at the stallion with a dazed look, believing that he called out in his own pain. "Grace!" a light, torn voice called and before Grace could even part her lips to try and call out Legolas towered over her, his slim body falling to the floor as he checked her injuries. "Aragorn…" Grace softly whispered, looking over at the cliff. Legolas sighed before stroking her cheek. "His life was taken over the cliff" Legolas softly spoke but Grace, through her pain, glared up at the elf. "No" she stubbornly said, pushing herself up. "H-He lives" she stubbornly continued, her right hand now resting upon her heart. Legolas understood the motion and hope filled his stomach – he too sensed that Aragorn had not left this world yet… would he survive though? "N-Not g-gone" she managed to mumble, looking down at her leg. She flinched at the sight before her and she dared not to even process the state of it. Legolas moved forward to inspect the left leg but Grace waved him away. "No point, ruined…" she clearly told him shifting her right leg to see if it too was damaged. Although the leg had been crushed by the saddle on Spirit it was still in working order and Grace knew that no bones were broken in it. It was clear to them both what had to be done but Legolas could not find it in his heart to do it. "It needs to be taken off" Grace told him but Legolas was unmoving, his eyes twinkling as water threatened to leak from them. "You are vulnerable, you have lost too much blood" he told her but the woman painfully huffed, looking up at the elf with a forced, pleading smile. "And I will lose a lot more if it is not done now. Please Legolas… There should be enough bandages and water in my backpack on Spirit…" Grace begged. By the time Legolas had gathered the supplies from Spirit and returned to Grace King Théoden, Gimli and some of his men stood towering over Grace. None could hide the emotion that flickered over their faces and some had to turn away from the sight before them. "You should not have fought" the King quietly said as Legolas kneeled down, tightly tying a strip of cloth around the top half of Grace's left leg, slowing down the rhythm of her blood. Grace sharply looked up at the King, her patience lost. "You should have taken my warning immediately" she snapped, her eyes watering as Legolas poured water over the wound above her knee. Although she wanted to blame him for the fate of herself and Aragorn deep down, in her heart, she knew it wasn't his fault… she knew that it was somewhat her fault, she should have kept an eye on Aragorn from the very start of the battle. King Théoden's expression soured as he nodded, kneeling down at Grace's head. It was then that Grace noticed the vulnerable side of the King; he too had lost a lot. He took a ball of cloth from a nearby soldier, placing it in Grace's mouth. "I am sorry" he whispered in her ear, his hands shaking as he put pressure on Graces shoulders, pushing her to the ground. Without a command several others kneeled down beside her, including a very teary eyed Gimli, and they all firmly held her to the ground as Legolas picked up his weapon. The landscape became deathly silent as a loud, shrilling muffled cry of Grace echoed – none failed to hear it, not even a badly wounded Aragorn that floated down the river…