I would never see laugh, or cry. Who would never climb a tree just to see how high he could jump from and not hurt himself again. I'll take responsibility for him. Take him… home." I croak out, not knowing what I was going to say before I said it. It just seemed so obvious. I had brought him here, and now I had to look after him, raise him as my own. I couldn't go home alone. I couldn't return to my empty home, bloodstains soaked into the flagstones by the hearth, without something, someone to make it full of noise and laughter again. The very thought of of returning to silence was enough to make me run, run forever. It is ridiculous. I expect this boy to bring me happiness, when all he will bring me is grief and mistrust. But I cannot let go of that thought, that ridiculous hope, this insane concept that by saving him, everything will magically be alright again. A hand on my shoulder jolts me from my musings, and I look up into the face of the King, a worried frown upon his face. "Go back to your bedroll and get some rest. There is nothing you can do." 'Nothing you can do' The same words ring in my ears from a few days past and my heart sinks. "Will- will he…" I can't make myself say it, ask if he will die. A gentle shrug of the shoulders is the response. "He has lost a lot of blood," the King took a breath of sorrow, "It is likely he will die. But if he survives the night, it is almost certain he will live, for his wound itself not life-threatening. We will know in the morning." My heart jumps happily at the thin tendril of hope while my mind curses me. What have I done? What hell have I plunged us both into. I rise on unsteady legs and return to my bedroll, casting one last glance at the sleeping figure. Once again I am unable to sleep, consumed with thoughts of my family. And the boy. Always the boy. Once again I hear the King's words about him surviving the night and my stomach clenches in worry, leaving my mind swirling in distress and discomfort. How did I become so attached? I barely know him, yet the idea of his death saddens me as if he were my own. What if there is some darker meaning in the King's words. What if he does not intend for him to last the night. Dark thoughts begin to cloud my mind and I restlessly throw off my blankets, stalking into the cool night air, my feet taking me wherever they wish as I entertain terrible thoughts. What if the King was not healing him, but poisoning him in front of my very eyes. What if I had been sitting there just watching as his fate was sealed? Questions rip around my head torturing me over and over. It is the logical thing to do, to kill him in the night, to make it look like he died of his wounds, to fool me. And who wouldn't kill their enemy. Perhaps, even now, assassins crept to my bedroll, to slay the sympathiser. My heart races and my breath comes faster and faster, in short gasps as I envisage scenes of ever greater horror and pain. And then a gust of wind hits me, stealing what little breath I had left and I realise where my feet have brought me. I stand on the pinnacle of the white city and as the first rays of light spread over the plains guilt eats into my soul. Guilt that I have failed again. I have only led the Haradrim boy to a more painful death at the hands of his enemies. I have not saved him, but condemned him. I know it in my heart. Perhaps even as I stand here he writhes in pain as poison burns through his body. Or maybe he is already dead, his body stiffening now there is no life to inhabit it. The images settle in my mind and I cannot bear them. It is one thing to kill a man in the heat of battle, where the only rule is kill or be killed. It is another thing entirely to have to decide one's fate. To hold the life of another in your hands is a terrible thing, for how do you make the right choice? How can any man judge another, especially one they have never met. How can any man be entrusted with the power of deciding whether one lives or dies. How could any man live with himself, not be tormented by the possibility of making the wrong choice. Like I have. I was doomed from the start, doomed to lead that boy to his death, whether it was by inaction or action. I have failed, again. I wish this choice upon nobody. I stand on the edge of the pinnacle, and everything becomes crystal clear. It is so much easier to make a decision when it is your own life that hangs in the balance. For in life you choose your own path, and suffer the consequences knowing that you, and only you, led you there. And in death, well in death you are no longer present to know what you have left behind. Life can be cruel and death is a permanent escape from its sharp claws. And so, there, as the sun rises in the east, I make my choice. I choose freedom, and an end to my hell. "He will live." Three words. Three softly spoken words are all it takes to rekindle the fire in my heart. I have not failed, not this time! I turn to see the King, a true smile spreading across my face, happiness making my heart sing. Perhaps, perhaps life is not so cruel after all.