fist comes down? This was not meant to be a war council. Yet, according to Mithrandir, Elrond was very wise, both a scholar and a seasoned warrior. Maybe he knew of a way to better defend themselves against Mordor's foul creatures. Maybe there was hope yet to be found among the elves. Chief healer. And on top of that there have to be more guests arriving soon. As a lord of this house he will be needed… "My lord, you needn't..." He tried to protest one last time, then nodded meekly. "Thank you." He could see where the twins had learned their ways of persuasion and, despite everything, he was grateful. It just didn't seem right to him. He wasn't even the right guest! On the other hand the promise of pain relief and rest after the long journey were too tempting to resist any longer. Besides, collapsing in front of Liliya and her brother didn't seem like much of an alternative if he wanted to keep his dignity. Like Denethor Faramir was proud. It seldom showed and most of their pride was based on Gondor and her people, rather than on their own person, but it could not be denied completely, either. To Faramir's surprise he had been told he resembled Denethor in his younger years more than once. Neither he, nor his father recognized much of that resemblance. That, at least, they truly had in common. Faramir, despite recognizing that Elrond, too, was a warrior and as an elf anything but frail, tried not to lean too much on Imladris' lord. It would have been too much of a breach of protocol. Faramir, who didn't mind his own men doing so, didn't even call his own brother by his name when Boromir acted as his captain. Nor did he address their father with anything but 'lord Steward' when others were present. Leaning onto an ancient elven lord as important and wise as lord Elrond... He couldn't bring himself to do it more than strictly necessary. With each step walking became more difficult. He didn't really pay attention where Elrond led him, just followed his gentle lead. His feet seemed heavier and he knew that the slight fever he had been running since the twins had found him had increased considerably. He felt frustratingly weak, drained, hot and cold at the same time and so very, very exhausted. It cost him to not show it too much, his father's lessons ingrained too deeply to let go of them now. He grit his teeth and walked on, following the instinct that told him to trust Elrond and letting the elf decide where to. Boromir had always hated being sick or wounded. Faramir, while usually infinitely more patient, for the first time understood why. "It is laughable, really." He whispered, talking to stay awake. The old healer in Minas Tirith had always mocked him for it. 'When you talk that much, young lord, I know you're bad' She had said. ' But when you stop talking I really worry.' "We ran, retreating across the river." Faramir continued. "I slipped, cut myself on an axe on the ground, orc-made, though no orc wielding it... no real battle wound, my brother would say..." Elrond was beginning to get quite worried with young Faramir's condition. He was deteriorating at a fast pace, his words becoming mumbled garbage of what must have been an old memory. Elrond would be stressed when he stopped speaking altogether; he would be slipping into a coma then, if only a brief one. A good thing for the body, but better if avoided...one could only guess how long a coma would go for, and Elrond still hadn't checked out the wound properly. He helped Faramir onto the bed. He was still muttering something… about an Orc blade. No wonder it had caused infection if it had been from that filth, they were never clean. With a little anticipation Elrond peeled back the dressings and bit the inside of his cheek. Not good; the herb that had been put on the wound had died and was at the start of decaying. Definitely an infection then, probably caused by the low blood supply to the upper layer of skin on the lower torso. Along with the drowsiness, a slight fever and jelly-like muscles, a minor skin infection had been caused too. Despite the long list though, Elrond had seen far far worse. Things that many wouldn't even believe. "Stay still" Elrond told Faramir whilst propping up his feet to improve blood flow, "and keep your feet up. I'll be back in a moment." Elrond went off to fetch new dressings and poultices. And Athelas- the best herb for anything Orc related. Faramir grimaced. He didn't really feel like moving about too much. "I'll try." He whispered when Elrond had already left. The absence of the elf left room for a nameless fear that so far had lurked in the shadows in the back of his mind. It came creeping out slowly, stretching out, reaching out from the corners of his eyes, obscuring his vision and whispering words of defeat. His eyelids grew heavy, as did his breath, while his eyes remained wide open and his heart beat too fast. For the blink of an eye Faramir saw orcs and the flash of an axe, small people, like children, fighting, the white tree of Gondor on a warrior's chest and a crest he didn't recognize, a white horse. He couldn't tell if what he saw was but the remnants of a memory long past or a glimpse into the future, maybe a hint at something that happened presently, just far away. Probably it was but a fever dream. Be safe... Boromir. Please. Be safe. A/N: We'd love to know what you think (reviews are treasured) and if you are interested in joining the fun, you can find us at fanfiction forum/Lord-of-the-Rings-RP/180999/ apologies for awkwardness of link... FF is not being helpful here ;)