frowned at the child's embarrassment, pressing the little elf tightly into his embrace once more. "I am sorry, little one. I should have realized…you are still young. There is nothing wrong with that, for there are some things you have yet to learn. It is only your age, not lack of adequacy on your part." Legolas sighed as a lone tear trickled down his cheek. He grabbed once more onto the elder elf's tunic, burying his face in the warm shoulder. The twins were wrong! Glorfindel was not a mean elf at all! For why would he be taking the time to make him feel better if that were true? Glorfindel stood then with the elfling in his arms. "Come, little one. Let us go to the correct door, the one on the right, so that you may see what it is that I really wanted you to retrieve for me." The child tensed up then, wondering if he had been wrong, if perhaps the elder elf would show him something even worse than the oak cane. He had not much time to think on the matter, though, before Glorfindel had quickly crossed the hall and entered his own study, bringing him up to the desk whereupon lay a brightly colored package with Legolas' own name inscribed on the paper. The little elf's eyes opened wide and he pulled back in Glorfindel's arms to better view the package. The elder elf smiled, lifting the package in one hand and tearing the paper at the same time. He figured it would be best to show the elfling himself this time. The child could open the package himself the next time around, when his fears had been successfully laid to rest. Legolas lifted a little hand to his mouth in amazement when he saw the perfectly formed little wooden warrior and horse, complete with miniature bow and arrow. The set had been painted to match Legolas and his own little horse at home, though the elfling knew not how the elder elf had known of the horse's color. He reached a slightly shaking hand over to touch the figures with one finger reverently, then lifted huge eyes up to meet the elder elf's questioningly. "Aye, penneth. I made this for you. Elrond told me the color of your horse. I wanted to give you something to remind you of home, and also to encourage you with your archery, for you are excellent at it." Glorfindel set the little elf down on his desk, placing the package gently in his small hands. He smiled as the little elf began to thoroughly explore the tiny figures, his eyes wide in amazement. "You see, little one, I do not make a habit of beating elflings. In fact, I have never beaten an elfling that I can recall…and I am fairly certain I would not forget such a thing…nor have I ever beaten the twins, as well they know. They have thoroughly pranked us, and I think we should consider how we may avenge ourselves to them. What say you?" Legolas halted his examination of the exciting toys to throw his arms around the elven lord. "Goheno nin," he whispered. "I did not mean to misjudge you, my Lord. I am so very sorry!" Glorfindel's heart fluttered in a strange way. This child was too sweet for words! How had Thranduil managed to raise such an amazing elfling? He clasped the elfling to him once more. "Nay, child. It was not your fault. You could not have known that the twins were not being truthful. Sometimes misinformation can lead to even worse mistakes than what has happened to you and I. Let us be grateful that we have discovered the truth and can start anew in our friendship." He pulled back then to look the elfling in the eyes. "Can we start over, Legolas? I would very much like to get to know you and hope that we can become friends." His voice held a strange note of longing that the wise elfling could easily detect. Legolas nodded shyly, his eyes shining in happiness. Now that his fears of the 'terrifying monster' had been put to rest, he was beginning to feel much better. His head and stomach were even beginning to hurt less, though he still felt weak, as was evidenced by a bout of coughing. Glorfindel frowned, picking him up swiftly, the little figures firmly ensconced in the child's hands, and carrying him straight to Elrond, where he proceeded to disclose the entire morbid tale while his friend examined the elfling. Elrond quickly determined that the elfling had taken ill from the stress he had endured, as elflings will do, and put the child to bed with warm teas and poultices to help his cough. Legolas did not mind, for he had such nice new toys to play with, and an even nicer friend to sit with him and tell him many stories of when his father was younger. Glorfindel was more than happy to keep the child company while Elrond effectively dealt with the miscreant twin sons of his. When Elladan and Elrohir found out that their 'prank' had caused the beloved elfling to become ill, they fully learned their lesson about giving out misinformation to children, apologizing profusely to both a very happy Legolas and Glorfindel. Legolas was quick to forgive them, as was his nature, but it was Glorfindel who convinced him at a later date to join him in playing the ultimate prank on the twins. But that is a story for another time…for all involved had successfully learned the consequences of misinformation…at least for that time…and Legolas had rightly and happily learned to make sure of his sources of information before making assumptions about others! Elvish Translations Penneth – Young one Hannon le. – Thank you. Goheno nin . – Forgive me. Saes – Please Mellon nin . – My friend. Hir Nin – My Lord Hir – Lord