the world was that? There was a lass sitting under Mrs. Goodbodie's table with an enormous bowl of sweet potatoes in front of her. Frodo froze in his tracks, his eyes as wide as saucers. He almost shrieked when she turned toward him, ready to make an escape with her stolen food. No, no, no! Frodo thought wildly, backing up clumsily. Yet it was entirely too late. She crashed into him, orange sauce now dripping from both of their hair. Horror-stricken, the lad shakily brushed a potato off of his nose, gaping at the mass of brown curls spread across his lap. He poked at the face . . . it didn't move. Was she dead? She was dead. Oh no, she was dead! He was a murderer! Wait. He told himself, something is only dead if it isn't breathing. Quickly laying his head against her chest, he felt the rise and fall of deep breaths. He could then exhale in the realization that he was still an innocent boy. Then it hit him. There was a girl on his lap. Sweat beads started forming on his forehead as she stirred awake again. He could feel every heartbeat vibrate his ribcage as if a great drum had been placed inside of him. "Uhhh . . . huh?" The lass's eyelids flew open, revealing eyes likened to Frodo's, yet much smaller as they squinted with the light of day. Frodo squirmed uncomfortably under her close scrutiny. "Who are you?" she asked bluntly, not at all pleased with the feeling she got from the lad, whoever he was. She searched his face, arms and neck, grimacing at the smears of dirt that he had across his cheeks. Sitting up, the lass disdainfully peered at the soiled trousers she had rested her head upon. "I-I'm Frodo Baggins! Who are you? Why are you stealing my potatoes? I was here first, you know!" "They are not your potatoes! I have as much right to them as you do!" "You do not! Besides, you're a girl." "And a girl got to them before a lad like you could. Shame, that is." "You still haven't told me who you are, lass-fiend." "Cockawhoop." "That's no name!" "Is so you affected old Baggins!" The two hobbits sat glaring at one another for minutes on end, sticky sweet goop trickling down their curls. "You aren't worth my time!" Frodo finally exclaimed, giving an exasperated huff as he crawled out from under the tables. As he emerged a complete mess from head to foot, he tried to brush his trousers off nonchalantly, bouncing up and down and flashing a smile at passersby as to look inconspicuous. He thought that he had done a fair job of it, for he had gone all the way to the first line of pine trees closest to his bedroom window where he was figuring to get through into some clean clothes. "Queer lasses always make me nervous." He was stopped in his tracks by a low, taunting voice coming from behind. He tried to not start breathing too quickly at the rapidly approaching footfalls. You can take them today, Frodo Baggins. He told himself inwardly before he swiveled around to face the others. His heart sank; there were four lads, all in their tweens. "What do you want, Tim?" Frodo growled, balling his fists up at his sides. The tallest lad there, Tim Burrows, was in fact as tall as Frodo, but not as gangly of limbs as he. Tim cocked a brow at his companions, giving a small chuckle. "They wanted me to show them the little orphan whose father murdered his wife. I supposed that I'd show them and here you are!" A smirk was forming on Tim's face as his friends all snickered at the remark. Frodo's face began to pale at the mention of his parents. His tormentor stepped forward to poke his victim roughly in the chest, saying, "I bet you even knew about your dastardly father's plans, and kept quiet so as to not get a whipping!" Everyone there laughed, except for Frodo who full-force out and punched Tim in the jaw, screaming, "Never speak that way about my father! He was an upright hobbit . . . better than you at least!" At that, he up and kneed him in the vulnerables. The young Burrows doubled over and hollered with pain as the others rushed over to Frodo and kicked his feet out from underneath him. In an instant Frodo was on his stomach crouched in a huddle as the older boys kicked fiercely at his sides and slapped the sides of his face without relent. "So the Baggins is all alone now, without his Da and Mum to save him? Aww, we should take care of him then!" The beating continued as Frodo struggled to crouch into a tighter ball, desperately trying to forget about the dull pain that was radiating everywhere on his being as the tweenagers made him into a punching bag. Eyes tightly closed, he could hear Tim shouting, "Haul him up! Haul him up! I wanna get one shot at him, the dirty, rotten . . ." Two lads jerked their prey up by his arms, exposing his face, now streaked with dirt and blood. "Ha! Still got fight in you, eh?" Tim laughed tonelessly before walloping Frodo straight in the nose, and once in the stomach before they all scattered at the sound of a gaffer's voice approaching. Frodo managed to drag himself behind some bushes by his window before he got there. Then all he could do was lie there in heap, utterly exhausted. He felt like crying. It wasn't fair! They just couldn't all gang up on him like that . . . the only friends he had to back him up were Merry; and he was but a toddler! So feeling so very alone, he fell asleep under the window, oblivious to anything but his anger and pain.