in an instant and she quickly sat up, narrowly missing smacking her head against a rock. For a moment, she actually believed she was dreaming and rubbed her eyes. No, this was definitely real. Something had a hold of Sam and Frodo had his sword pointed at that something. She couldn't see what exactly was holding Sam captive so she crawled closer. Whatever it was, it was at Frodo's mercy for the moment. "This is Sting. You've seen it before, haven't you, Gollum?" Sam's captor made a weird growling/hissing sound. "Release him," Frodo threatened. "Or I'll cut your throat." Sam was let go of slowly. The Ring Bearer shifted and as he did, Josie got her first good look at Gollum. At that moment, two things happened simultaneously. Gollum began to sob loudly, and Josie (she just couldn't help herself) let out a scream so loud it could have put a Nazgul to shame. She pointed at Gollum in horror. "W-what is THAT?" "This is Gollum..." Frodo explained. "and he has been following us for a while now." "Go on back to sleep Miss Josie. We'll keep an eye on him," Sam urged. "Oh no no, there is NO way I can sleep now!" She watched as the other two tied Sam's rope around Gollum's neck. Gollum immediately began to wail. "It burns us! It burns!" "Oh my God, it talks ?" Her comment was drowned out by Gollum's yells. The assembly of (now) four, set out once again at the first light of dawn. Sam was dragging Gollum by his new Elvish rope-collar and the creature would not stop shouting and crying. "Nasty Elves twisted it! Take it off us!" He looked and sounded so pathetic that Josie could not help but pity him even though he really creeped her out. "Quiet you!" Sam shouted at him, but Gollum kept up his pitiful scene. "It's hopeless! Every Orc in Mordor is going to hear this racket! Let's just tie him up and leave him." "No! That would kill us! Kill us!" "It's no more than you deserve!" Gollum began writhing on the ground and Josie felt her feet move on their own accord towards the creature. She took exactly two steps forward when she heard Frodo's voice. "Maybe he does deserve to die...but now that I see him, I do pity him." "We be nice to them, if they be nice to us," said Gollum. "Take it off us," he begged. "Why does he make everything plural?" Josie questioned, but she received no answer. Gollum continued. "We swears to do what you wants! We swears." "There's no promise you can make that I can trust." Josie felt relieved that Frodo was at least making his distrust known. "We swears," Gollum repeated. "To serve the master of the precious. We will swear on...On the precious!" Precious...That rang a bell. And the consistent plural form...And the tone...Paisley! For the past two years that they had lived together, when Josie had asked her blonde friend for the television remote, Paisley had cradled the object to her chest. 'It's ours!' she would hiss. 'My precious...' The whole time, Paisley had been imitating Gollum! Josie found she actually missed those moments... "The Ring is treacherous. It will hold you to your word," Frodo said, bringing Josie out of her memory. "Yes," Gollum agreed. "On the precious." "I don't believe you!" Sam shouted as he charged at their captive. Gollum tried to run but his collar didn't allow him to go far, and Sam yanked him back over. "He's trying to trick us! If we let him go, he'll throttle us in our sleep!" Frodo walked over and stood directly before the newest traveler that had joined them. "You know the way to Mordor?" "Yes." "You've been there before?" "Yes." Josie felt herself tense up as she watched the Ring Bearer free Gollum from his binds. "So...he's our guide out of here?" "Yes She-Hobbit! We will leads you out. You travels with the Master of the precious!" Precious... She wondered how Paisley and Rebecca were...She wondered where they were. She thought of them everyday. Her heart ached along with the rest of her body and she reached for her gift from the Lord of Lothlorien. Unfortunately the Stone did not rid her of her sadness. Justice: Sorry for the long wait everyone, but thank you so much for your patience! We hope you enjoyed Chapter One of Volume Two. :) Special Thanks To: B. Belle , xXxWolvesInTheNightxXx , Element Life , tessastarchild , Garideth , Daydreams Become Realities , GlamourGirl190 , shalmarrose , Mariposa of Espana , Ella Logan , DancePikachuDance , NoraHasThePreciousss , and ninjawithasharpswordgirl for all of your reviews for Chapter 15: Part Two and the rest of the other chapters, Glory Bee , Dessuithiel Maethoriel , shalmarrose , LadyNostarielofMirkwood , Scylla's Revenge , Ella Logan , and EnvyIsMy Sin for subscribing to our story, SerenityAngels , xXxWolvesInTheNightxXx , GlamourGirl190 , owlsareawesome , NightWriter94 , Charlotte DeWinter x , Cutie Kyuubi , 1Daremine , Dessuithiel Maethoriel , shalmarrose , Vorpalkitty , and laurena1234 for subscribing to us, faye50free , NightWriter94 , Charlotte DeWinter x , and Mariposa of Espana for listing us as favorite authors, faye50free , Garideth , Sjora , Wikiss , Mariposa of Espana , Ella Logan , and musicalmusa1 for listing our story as one of their favorites. ^^ YOU SEE THAT LIST PEOPLE? THAT'S A LOT. I think I'm going to cry lol. The feedback for Volume One has been absolutely wonderful, and you guys have been sending the most amazing, most motivating messages. I KNOW I keep saying this, but you guys only want to make us write even more. We can't thank you enough. And we certainly hope that you'll enjoy the rest of Volume Two. Chapter Two will be posted soon. :) And we're also going to keep updating Volume One with our Writer Commentaries, so feel free to read those. Until next time, cheers! :)