shivering from his fever. A strange feeling swept through him when Legolas reached over to the edge where his cloak had been pushed and drew it closer to him, holding it tightly in his grip as he allowed his eyes to close. 'If I live forever, I will NEVER understand elflings!' he muttered to himself as he went in search of Angbor. Thranduil was slightly surprised to see the captain waiting in a chair in the hall outside his study. Angbor had left, attended to some duties of his own, and then was unable to keep away, too worried about the elfling. He had decided to come back and wait for news. He rose quickly and bowed when Thranduil stepped out of his study door. The king acknowledged his gesture with a slight lowering of his head, then waved a hand for the other elf to sit down as he joined him on the other side of the bench. Never one to beat around the bush, the king got right to the point. "What do you know about Legolas being teased about his cloak?" he asked calmly, trying to keep his rising anger in check as he thought once more about his son's injuries and the upheaval the dreaded cloak had caused. Angbor frowned. "There are several in the group who tease the young prince and give him a hard time about everything, my Lord. The cloak was just one thing of many. I considered many times bringing it to your attention, but was always taught that the one being teased needed to learn how to stand up for himself, especially when that one is a prince who will become a great leader of elves someday." "I cannot fault your logic," Thranduil said smoothly, "but where were you when the fight occurred?" Angbor looked stunned. "Fight? What fight, my Lord? I knew not aught of this." "The fight that gained my son many small cuts from knives, much bruising, and multiple broken ribs—that fight," the king said in a frightening tone, his eyes dark and piercing. "Ai," cried the captain with widening eyes filled with horror. "So that was what was wrong with the child." he slipped immediately to his knee beside the bench, lowering his head submissively. "Goheno nin, my Lord. I have failed in my duties to protect the young one. Do with me as you wish." Thranduil sighed, beginning to feel frustrated as he heard the phrase for the second time that day. Surely he was not THAT scary as to make all his subjects think the worst would happen over any offense. "Rise, Angbor!" he snapped irritably, and the flustered elf immediately complied. "I do not hold you responsible, my friend. I am quite sure Legolas arranged the fight for such a time that he knew you would not be around, for he did not wish you to see his disgrace. The child thought he was to be banished or thrown into the dungeons for it. Apparently that is what the other elves told him." "Oh..nay…" pleaded Angbor, not wanting to believe such a thing. "The return journey must have been so terrible for him, my Lord." "Ai," acknowledged the king grimly. "I do expect you to mete out suitable punishment to these warriors, old friend. Then I wish you to remove them from the army. This was no harmless bought of teasing. They have proven themselves disloyal to the king and the realm by attacking its prince, and they will be treated accordingly. I do not wish to ever see them myself, for I fear I would not be able to control my anger at what they have done to my son." Angbor bowed his head, still feeling guilty over what had happened under his watch. He raised his head back up to meet the cold eyes of his king and friend with a pleading gaze. "Will the elfling be all right, my Lord?" Thranduil's face softened then. He knew Angbor was truly concerned over Legolas and, as he had stated, he did not fault him for what had happened. Young elves would be young elves, and fights and disagreements would happen. No one elf could watch over another every second of the day and night. This was a lesson even Thranduil had been forced to learn as he discovered the many joys of fatherhood. He placed a kind hand on his old friend's shoulder. "Fear not, Angbor. Legolas will recover. He will be in bed for many days, I fear, and I think mayhap that he has a rather different feeling towards his hated cloak, now. But I am sure he will recover admirably." Angbor breathed a sigh of relief even as curiosity swept through him at Thranduil's comment about the cloak. 'What is the elfling doing now?' he wondered vaguely as he bowed one last time, thanked his king, and left to find the perpetrators of this entire mess. Thranduil went back to his study, fussing over the blankets, laying a cool hand on the still-heated forehead, smoothing back a strand of golden hair tenderly, then going to prepare more tea for when his son awoke, setting it on the side table in readiness. He then poured himself a cup of wine and sat down on the chair opposite his beloved son. A slight smile crossed his lips as he spied the hated cloak still clutched tightly in the young elf's hand. The act somehow made his son seem so very young, barely out of elflinghood, and reminded him of a ragged little blanket that had been carried around for many years and still lay hidden in the depths of the young prince's pillows every night he was at home. He wondered vaguely how one garment could cause so many disastrous issues, yet bring so much apparent happiness at the same time, and he spent many long hours during the night contemplating that intriguing question as he kept watch over his precious ion.