Since it was cold, Elrond gave me a long black robe that you tied at the neck with a baggy hood. It was surprisingly quite warm. He told me that whenever my ears got cold I needed to put the hood on. He then handed me a small over-the-shoulder bag and said inside was some bread and water and an extra blanket. He told me he knew how humans got hungry every few hours of the day. He also said there was a small knife at the bottom, and to only use it when the situation called for it. I listened to every piece of advice he gave me and followed him out of the room. The morning was cold, and the sun had not yet risen. I pulled the hood over my head and watched as the clouds of my breath appeared and disappeared in the air. We walked to the stables were Gimli and Legolas had been waiting. Legolas had the reins of a tall, white horse in his hands. All it had on was a white saddle with golden embroidery around it and a gold halter. Bags and blankets were strapped to the saddle, Gimli and Legolas both carrying their weapons on their backs. "Are you prepared to leave?" Asked Elrond "Yes, we are ready to leave when Ella is." Legolas responded Elrond turned and kneeled down in front of me, grabbing both of my shoulders. "Now, do you remember everything I told you?" He asked I nodded "Good, now have a safe trip and stay warm. It shouldn't be more than a two weeks ride." Elrond said. He then smiled, "Good luck." Elrond then picked me up and put me on top of the horse. He walked over to Legolas and Gimli and said, "Have a safe journey" Legolas smiled and Gimli nodded. Legolas, holding onto the reins, started to walk, Gimli beside me. Before we left the main gate, I turned back to look. Elrond was standing in the rode staring at us. He smiled and held up his hand as to wave. I gave a small wave back before turning my attention back to the road. It was mid-day, and I had hardly spoken a word. Gimli and Legolas were walking beside each other talking and laughing. I wanted to talk, but I just didn't have anything to say. Then, Legolas handed to reins to Gimli and slowed his pace so now he was walking beside me. "Have you remembered anything yet?" He asked Not looking at him, I shook my head. "I thought so. It will take you awhile to remember. The best advice that I can give you is to just look around and take in the surrounding environment." I didn't speak. We walked in silence for a minute, I didn't like when I couldn't hear Legolas' voice. "W-Where are we going?" I asked in a hushed tone "We are going to Mirkwood, my home land." Legolas answered ". . . What is it like?" I asked "It's similar to Rivendell, only the forest is more heavily dense." He looked up at me, "There are lots of children there for you to play with. I think you will like it." He looked ahead of him again, "I haven't been there for awhile myself, so this journey may be knew to the both of us. I looked down at him. "Really?" I asked "I have been off on my own travels for quite awhile now. When Elrond told me about his plan, I thought it a good time to go back and visit my home." "If it were my choice, I would have taken her to my kingdom; the Glittering Caves! There she would learn the true hospitality of a Dwarf!" Gimli said I couldn't help but giggle. "Gimli, do you know how long of a journey that would be?" Legolas asked "Hey, it made her laugh." Gimli said in a proud tone Legolas sighed. As we traveled further into the woods, I got a chance to talk more with Legolas; I even spoke with Gimli for awhile. I felt more comfortable around them now, and as night fell, I was glad of it. The night was cold and we had found a resting spot near the side of a mountain. Gimli created a small fire and went to sleep, snoring so loud I didn't doubt a creature in the forest couldn't hear it. I nestled against a rock, curling myself up and trying to keep warm. I used the small blanket Elrond had packed for me as well. It helped, but the night air still crept in the sewing. I was about to close my eyes when I heard Legolas sit on top of a tall rock. "Aren't you going to sleep?" I asked "Elves are not like humans and Dwarves. We can go without sleeping for several days." Legolas answered "Do you ever get tired?" I asked "Yes, but I find the safety of my friends and comrades will always come before the need of sleep for me." I smiled "I'm happy to know that you're watching. It takes away some of my worries." He turned and looked at me, "You shouldn't worry, everything will be alright soon enough." After thinking about it, I smiled again. "You should go to sleep. It is important that you always keep up with your energy and strength when traveling. We have a long road ahead of us." Legolas said, turning his attention back out into the dark woods. I turned to my side away from Legolas. Having him stay awake and knowing he was watching over us put my mind at ease. "Good night . . . Legolas." I said quietly Before I fell into sleep, I faintly heard Legolas' voice say "Good night" That night I dreamt of the white lions on the shore again, only this time I wasn't looking for my family, I was looking for a figure dressed in white.