ride with his father. The work-weary king had spent more time with his little one in the past few days than he could remember doing in the past few months, and he made a mental note to continue this practice when they returned home. They were able to share many stories together—Thranduil imparting his vast array of knowledge and folklore on to his child, and Legolas sharing tales about his many daily adventures, including the difficulties he was having in his studies and with making friends. Now facing the snow-covered caps of the mountains, Thranduil found himself wishing that the journey was not coming to an end. As they reined up their mounts and the king dismounted, leaving Legolas on top of his horse, the Stone-giant baby let out a particularly loud screech—almost as though he could sense their closeness to his home. As the end of the screech reverberated around the clearing and bounced off the walls of the majestic mountains, a large portion of the mountainside suddenly began to rumble and groan, separating from the mountain. Fearing a rockslide, one of the younger elves with the patrol cried out."Take cover! The mountain is coming down!" Thranduil covered a smile and held up one hand, a signal immediately obeyed by those who had started to turn their horses around. They waited and watched, attempting to calm the fidgeting horses with soft whispers and commands. The mountainside finally separated completely from the rest of the mountain and a misshapen, gigantic figure emerged from among the settling dust and falling rocks. Looks of awe spread across the company as they began to realize what it was they were seeing. Not many were blessed with such an opportunity as to see in person a mythical legend, and whispered prayers of gratitude were gratefully uttered as the creature made its way slowly over to the group of elves. Thranduil motioned for the current holder of the Stone-giant baby to bring the sack forward. The king himself took the sack, walked a few steps forward, and knelt down on one knee as he lowered the sack to the ground in front of the approaching Stone-giant. He tugged open the front of the bag, reaching in and patting the baby on the head, then pulling him carefully out of the sack. Too confused to use his incredible strength, the little rock-giant blinked up at the elven king, then turned his head with a grating sound to look around at the other gathered elves. Finally, his eyes focused on the approaching creature near the mountains and he let out a squeal of obvious joy, scrambling clumsily up to what must have been feet and thumping forwards at a fast rate straight towards the oncoming creature, one that was most assuredly a parent of some kind—though the watching elves could not determine if it were the mother or the father, since rocks tended to all look the same to them. "WAIT!" called a lilting, panic-edged small voice right beside Thranduil's ear, and he turned in surprise to see his little elfling beside him, heading swiftly towards the rock-baby with a look of intent. The king grimaced, wondering how his little elf had gotten down from the horse; then he realized his son was heading straight towards a very big and dangerous creature and made a beeline for the child. Grasping the struggling elfling around the waist, Thranduil held him tightly and said a silent prayer that the Valar would see fit to spare them from this rock-parent's anger. "Wait! Saes! I wish to say goodbye…!" tears filled the little voice, as the child looked desolately after the retreating rock-baby. The grown elves all felt their hearts drop at their little prince's despair, wishing they could somehow remove what was making him so sad. Surprisingly, the baby stopped for a moment, turned around…and looked straight at the grieving Legolas. The dark line in his face lifted into what some might call a semblance of a smile, and a jagged arm lifted up in what appeared to be a wave as the creature gave his own form of goodbye to the young keeper who had tried to help him. Then, he made the rest of his way to the large creature, where he was promptly picked up in strong, grumbling arms. There were a few small rumbles and groans, then a few larger ones, as the creatures reunited and conversed in their own language. Then, the Stone-giant parent turned to face the still-watching group, looking at the elven king and the little prince. It made a gesture that was obviously the bowing of a head, and Thranduil knew they had been thanked in the creature's own manner. Then, it turned and rumbled away, still holding the baby in its arms. Thranduil sighed then, turning and placing a gentle kiss on his little one's pale brow. "Perhaps you will see him again someday," he whispered kindly to the little elf, who had silent tears streaming down his cheeks. "I have heard the Stone-giants grow slowly, so it is not unreasonable to think that he might recognize you during some journey we make through the mountains." Legolas managed a watery smile, then grabbed on to his father tightly, burrowing into his warm shoulder. "Let's go home, Ada," he whispered. So Thranduil obligingly returned to his horse and mounted with his elfling safely in his arms. They would return to the previous night's camp to rest for the evening, for he desired to get as far away as possible from the mountains and the creatures so that his son would not feel the grief of his loss as heavily. As he led his men forward and began to sing a song—one that carried in the wind and floated back to where the Stone-giants were gathered and welcoming their returned little one back—he tightened his hold on the sleepy Legolas, wondering what crazy adventure his little elfling would have for him next time!