sound, and then his wrists were free. He sunk to the ground, hardly even conscious of his pain. "It's going to be alright now; it's going to be alright." He heard that familiar voice saying close to his ear. "It's Estella, Merry. I'm here. You won't be hurt anymore, I promise." Then it all came crashing down him. The full realization of what was happening. Sure, he had found Estella alright, and now she was probably going to die for entertainment for a bunch of invaders of the Shire. And why? Because he hadn't been paying attention, that's why. A whole lot of good he had done. Merry surprised himself by reaching out and forcefully clutching Estella's arm. "I can take what's left of it, Es'. D-don't you even dare think about doing this." he whispered faintly. Merry could now see her clearly for the first time since he had left. She had hair cut up to the middle of her neck, and her gaunt face was streaked with grime cut though by tears and covered in scrapes. Yet those same enormous dark eyes gazed out from her thin face, just as compassionate as they were a year ago. Before the Men hauled her away, Estella had time to choke out, "You died once. You're not going to do it again." "Estella . . ." Merry groaned, reaching a feeble hand out towards her at the sound of her cries, for the Big People were handling her to the roughest extent. Merry watched the Men tie her hands above her head as she stood there stoutly awaiting the first blow, just as he had done. And all Merry could do was lie there like a slug, struggling with swooning. The Man had raised his arm . . . Estella grit her teeth . . . Merry bit into his lip . . . and Pippin yelled Stop. Merry raised his head, swearing about the belatedness of Tooks. "I said ENOUGH." Peregrin again bellowed, this time dismounting his pony and unsheathing his sword with a flash of cold steel. His armor glinted with the zenith of the sun, and his face was set hard. By this time at least twenty other hobbits, Tooks by the looks of it, were gathered around the Men with arrows pointed with deadly accuracy at heads. "Release the girl!" Pippin shouted, "I gave a command, Ruffian! Now do as I say!" The Man looked around with fright, wondering if this whole "uprising" thing was right after all. He released Estella, who immediately ran over to Merry and started weeping while shielding his body with her own in case anything else would happen. "Tie em up." Pippin ordered one of his hobbits after all Men had relinquished their weapons. "Yes sir, Mr. Peregrin sir! They was quick about it weren't they?" the hobbit asked, savoring the moment of victory. "Indeed." Pippin said absently as he excused himself to go over to his two closest friends. Meanwhile, Estella had been sobbing over Merry as if her life depended on it. "Oh, oh Merry! I thought you were dead! T-they said you, Fatty said that you . . . oh dear!" Merry was only moaning that he felt like he was dead. "Let me see your back." Estella insisted with a snivel, turning her friend over onto his front. "Oh how could they!" she sobbed, barely fingering the bleeding whelps all across Merry's back and shoulders. "It's truly . . . ah! . . . alright, Essie. I promise I'll be alright." he said with effort, "And thank you for saving me. It's good to be home." "Sorry about the delay, Meriadoc." Estella looked up to the voice; there stood Peregrin Took in all of his splendorous attire, gleaming weapons, flowing cape and lofty height. Besides all of that, one would see that concerned look that he had ever since he was three on his face, and you would know it was Pippin. "Estella. Good to see you! I am sorry that I came too late." he said casually, trying desperately to cover up any emotion that was making its way to the surface. He didn't need to, though. For Estella straight away jumped up and buried herself in his arms. This was absolutely too much; they were both alive! Pippin's newly attained bulk almost swallowed the already petite Estella up to where you couldn't see her at all. "You're huge." Estella said in a muffled voice while wetting the white tree of Gondor with her tears. Pippin sighed heavily. At least fifty people had made the same comment since he had returned. "I know I'm huge. Everybody says it. Although I like it, since I have been places where I was considered a boy by everyone except for my own kind." he said while stroking her hair and taking no notice of poor Merry. Estella drew away and laughed in spite of her crying. "You are a boy, Pip! You'll be only twenty-nine this coming December. Where have you been anyways? A-and why are you alive?" she sputtered, now so baffled that all she could do was stand there and blink in the morning sun. She glanced down at an exhausted Merry, who looked up and feebly smiled. "You've changed, Essie. It looks as if hard work and many cares have made you strong in spirit." he said wonderingly. Estella sank down beside him. "The same for you, Meriadoc." she now said with a steady tone and noble eyes, "You are now wiser than you once were. In time, your wisdom will grow, and you will be the bright star in the line of Masters. Your wisdom will make you magnificent." With eyes full of grateful tears, Merry finally closed them to an inescapable sleep. At last, Estella understood what Fatty had said long ago . . . Estella Bolger; someday that lad is going to prove how brave he really is for you. Just wait and see.