to destroy the ring. If she can trick one of the best warrior elves out there she deserves to go to battle. Any questions," Elrond said as he confronted the people in front of them. "Yeah! I do! Who the hell volunteered me for this mission? I know I didn't. And I'm not going anywhere with any of you! I'm going home. Not on some freaky journey to destroy a ring. If you want to do that go to a jeweler and have them meld it into something else. Duh," Andrea said. She was going to refuse with every fiber in her being on going. She had to find a while home. Maybe it'd work like Dorothy did it in the Wizard of Oz. She then began clacking her shoes together saying "There's no place like home." But after a few tries she gave up because it wasn't working. "Well guess what! It's been decided that you are going so you'll have to deal with it whether you like it or not! Now would you like to argue it some more, or will you be willing to cooperate?" Gandalf asked. "Um, hm, let me think. NO I WILL NOT! First your not my father, second your traveling with a bunch of purddy girly-girls, kids, dwarves, two men, and a supposed elf! YOU'RE NUTS! I will fight my way out if I have too!" Andrea was getting extremely ticked off now. The fellowship was vastly learning not to get a hormonal teenager mad. It could lead to very dangerous things, like was about to unfold. "I really am an elf." "No your not!" "You're going!" "Yes I am!" "Whatever." Andrea replied to the blond one. She reached into her backpack and pulled out a nice long sword. "I told you I'm not going and I'll fight the strongest three here and if I defeat them you help me find a way home. If they win, which is doubtful, I'll go on this stupid little trip of yours." Gandalf nodded to accept her proposal then the entire fellowship, Elladan, Elrohir, Elrond, Glorfindal, and a few others walked to the training arena. When they entered into the arena they had all those who were practicing clear the field and Gandalf picked the three strongest ones. He picked Elrohir, Glorfindal, and Elladan to fight Andrea, wanting the ones from the fellowship to study her movements and seeing as she didn't specify they had to be from the fellowship. A low growl emitted slightly from the back of her throat and she took up her stance. The three men stood in a triangle around her, she was watching one of them to make the first move, and they were watching her for one. Elladan finally broke and went to attack her. She parried the attack and swung the blade at him as Elrohir came up behind her. He knocked her sword out of her hand as a blade wound its way around her throat. She hated the fact that she was just ousted when she had been the best in her swordsmanship in her class. The blade was removed, she picked hers up and put in her backpack. Then she decided to try and run. However it was not very successful as she was captured and drug into an office like room. She was then locked in as she pounded against the door. She finally calmed down and looked around where she was being captured. She saw a desk and a lot of books, and a bunch of valuables. A plan formulated into her mind. She took all of the valuables and hid them behind certain books while rearranging them so they'd be hidden. Then she went over to the desks piled all of the papers together and put them into different drawers, and hid the quills. She then dumped the ink and filled it with some different elements she just found lying around in the room. She placed the ink wells back to where they were placed. She liked her little handy work. She then went and sat down on one of the couch-like and waited out the rest of her imprisonment. It seemed like hours later but it was only about a half hour after her little prank was finished that the door turned around. The nine members of the fellowship walked in as well as Elrond. He took one look around his office before starting to scream. "What did you do to my office!? Gandalf I want her gone as soon as possible!" He looked around everywhere and started reorganizing finding all of the stuff that she hid behind the book. Legolas and Aragorn thinking it would be much better to get her out of there before Elrond went even more nuts grabbed her by her arms and took her to Arwen's room. When the reached the room they knocked on the door and entered when they heard a signal too. "Arwen, we have a challenge for you. We need to befriend her and make her behave before your father decides that she isn't very important and has her hurt. She just messed up his office really horribly and he's extremely mad," Aragorn said, shoving girl in question in front of him. She was grumbling underneath her breath. "I think I can do that. Leave her in here and go do whatever it is that you want to do." Arwen then walked over to Andrea as the boys left her room. "Hello, I'm Arwen Evenstar. You must be Andrea. My brothers were telling me about you." She gave her a smile and Andrea finally stopped looking for an escape and went to talk to her. "Yep, I am Andrea, but I don't know whether that's a good thing or a bad thing right now. Maybe hiding sounds good at the moment," she said jokingly. Andrea let a smile grace her face. This was going to be a beginning of a great friendship.