for a thousand years," I said, not entirely believing myself. "Can they?" Haleth shook his head. "No ordinary man could. But I don't know if he was a man, or an Elf, or… or something else. No one knows anything much about him." I stared at Haleth, wondering what to make of this. It had started a gnawing of fear in the depths of my belly. Something so powerful that it could take over all Middle-earth- or almost all of it- and something which could not, or would not, be killed? I shuddered. Haleth looked at me with concern. "Are you cold?" he asked. "Should we go in?" I shook my head. "It's just… that story," I said. "It's awful. What if that dark lord is the thing that's causing all this trouble? All of those black horses being stolen? All these attacks? Maybe it's all the dark lord's fault! And what if he can't die? He'll take over Middle-earth again, and everything will turn horrible and we won't be able to stop him, not with all the-" "Eiryn!" Haleth interrupted. "It's only a story," he said firmly. "Nothing for you to worry about. I'm sure that the whispers were only whispers. Remember when the stable hands all swore that Shadowfax would be back? They were making that up. They cannot control him. I'll bet someone made up the story of the dark lord living and told it to everyone they met, just to scare them. He lived a thousand years ago. No one can live for a thousand years." "An Elf can," I said quietly. "But I have never heard of such a thing as a dark lord of the Elves," said Haleth reassuringly. "And neither have you. And now I think we'd best go inside, before the darkness plays with your imagination any more." "I'd better go back, actually," I said. "I can't be gone long. We got ten new children today-" "Ten?" Haleth said, incredulous. "Yes, and we were sewing bedrolls for hours," I said with a rueful grin, holding up my fingers, pink and stiff with cold and sore with stitching. "If only I'd known, I could have given them some of the soldiers' in the barracks," he said. "There are stacks of bedrolls that are never used." "Thank you," I said. "It's a good thought. But we have all we need." "Wait! Surely you'll be needing more bread! I'll tell my mother to give me her extra loaves, and I can run them down to you every morning." "That's so kind of you," I said. "Gwethawyn will protest, but you must keep on." "I'll keep that in mind," he said, smiling. Then his face suddenly grew serious. "Would you like me to go back to the orphanage with you?" I shook my head. "No. It's late. You should stay here." He put his hands on my shoulders and looked me straight in the eyes. "Don't worry about what I told you, Eiryn," he said. "It's just an old story. They never even bothered to remember his name!" I nodded. "It's just a ghost story," I said, more confidently than I felt. "Good," said Haleth. "Good night," I said. "Ah yes, and Cadwyn told me to tell you hello from her." "Well, hello to Cadwyn," he said. "Good night, Eiryn." We embraced quickly, and then I turned and departed the circle of houses with a wave and started down the path again. I arrived, cold and windswept, at the orphanage fifteen minutes later. All the way home, I'd felt as though I was being watched. My eyes had darted back and forth between the dark spaces on either side of the path, seeing movement where there was none. I was almost running by the time I reached the slope of grass leading down to the orphanage. I shut the door quietly behind me, hung up my cloak, shivering, and looked into the main room. The floor was full of sleeping children. The fire had died to embers. Cadwyn was sitting by it on a tiny stool, poking at the embers listlessly with the tip of her shoe and staring into the ashes. She looked up when I came in. "Eiryn! You're finally back!" She got up and made her way carefully through the sleeping children to me. "We're sleeping in the dining room with Gwethawyn and Anawyn; there's no more room in here. I've unrolled our bedrolls. Come on." We crossed the entrance to the dining room, where the two nurses already lay asleep. Cadwyn had arranged the bedrolls on the large wooden table. "Are you sure it will hold us?" I asked. We were a lot bigger and heavier than plates and bowls, after all. "I tested it earlier," she said. "It's fine. And it will be like sleeping on a real bed." I smiled in spite of myself. I could not remember ever sleeping in a real bed, though Haleth had one and said they were much preferable to bedrolls. I removed my shoes and climbed onto the table, feeling very precarious so high off the ground, and crouched and crawled into my bedroll. I had expected to lie awake worrying about the dark lord of Mordor for a long time, but it had been a long day, and the weariness from the ride and the long walk to and from Haleth's house quickly weighted down my mind with sleep.. A/N: At last! The real, good first chapter is up! Months and months of procrastinating and a week of just deciding to sit down and write have finally paid off! If you have any thoughts about this extremely long chapter (I will never again be at liberty to complain about story length), please review! Constructive criticism is welcome and necessary. Particularly, please tell me which bits are unnecessary, because I feel as though there must be something here I could have or should have cut out. Anyway, here's hoping you enjoyed your read. Cheers!