smile on his face. As the twins looked down at the sleeping youth, their faces softened in love and happiness, they exchanged mental thoughts on how glad they were that the child seemed unaffected over the entire matter. Either Legolas did not remember the extent of Elladan's anger, or his generous heart was simply unable to bear them any grudges. No matter the reason, they were grateful for it, and Elladan determined to rein in his temper more thoroughly around the elfling from this moment on. Though Legolas was on the mend, the brothers knew they needed to get him back to the safety and comfort of the Last Homely House before the cold winds and rain set in. They could detect a cold spell coming from the signs in the air and the forest, and it would do little good on a weakened and injured elfling to be exposed to the elements any longer than necessary. The next morning, they packed up all their belongings on the longsuffering horses, putting Elrohir's packs together with Legolas' on his chosen horse and Elrohir mounting on his own horse. Then, Elladan handed up the youth into Elrohir's waiting arms, ignoring the embarrassed protests: "I can ride by myself…" "Hush, child," Elrohir said gently, smoothing experienced fingers over Legolas' forehead until he relaxed back into a light sleep, two splotches of embarrassed red still on his cheeks, causing Elladan to smirk as he mounted his own horse. If the situation weren't so serious, he would lord this over Legolas' head the rest of his long years. The trip back was luckily uneventful. They made much better time, since they weren't trying to track any creatures. Their Ada would have to be warned that there were new and fearsome creatures lurking around, apparently having come straight from the ruins of Mordor. Though they knew it not now, they had all just had their first encounter with wargs, the creatures the orcs were training as their own mounts. It would be many years before they encountered both devilish spawn working together in battle, so for now they called them by the term "wolfbears," a term that would be used in the elven community until the real name was discovered. It was a weary threesome that made their way into the house under cover of the dark late that evening, a once-more-unconscious Legolas resting in Elladan's arms as they crept lightly down the hall towards the normal room Legolas occupied. Having felt the presence of his sons, Elrond stepped out of his own chambers as they tried to tiptoe past his door, a robe tied hastily around his nightwear and a grim look on his face as he spied the unconscious elfling. He stepped up to Elladan immediately, muttering under his breath worriedly as he ran assessing hands over the youth's face and took his vitals. He looked up at Elladan then, anger on his fair features. "You do realize that I was against this trip for this very reason?" he muttered softly, a bite to his words. Elladan flushed. "I am sorry, Adar. I have failed in my responsibility." Elrohir stepped forward, his face filled with sorrow. "As have I, Adar. Forgive me." He was unwilling to let his twin take the brunt of the blame. Elrond's features immediately softened, his keen eyes seeing the lines of worry and fatigue on the twins' faces. "What is done is done," he said regretfully. "Let us hope that Thranduil still allows us to see the child after this mess." He took Legolas from Elladan's aching arms, and walked with him into Legolas' bedroom, laying him gently down on the bed and conducting a swift examination of his many injuries. He sighed then, rubbing his hand over his brow as he turned to face the twins. "You have done well in treating him. He appears to be out of danger now, but will need much rest and care so that he doesn't suffer a setback. Would someone care to tell me what exactly happened?" The twins swiftly shared all they knew about the loathsome new creatures, and a light of alarm entered Elrond's eyes. "That is all we need—yet another strange and evil creature to fight against! I am glad that you killed the ones in that pack, at least. Let us hope we have no more encounters for a long while." He looked down at the still elfling, his face softening drastically as he rubbed a thumb across a pale cheek, marveling at the look of innocence on the child's face in repose. "At least not with this one anywhere in the vicinity," he amended, his eyes filled with love and concern. Though Legolas recovered swiftly from his encounter, his frustration at his family's overprotective behavior only grew in the months to come. Whereas he thought they were protective of him before, they treated him like a fragile peace of glass now, and he realized how scared they must have been. It reminded him to use more caution in the future, and he worked hard to tone his warrior's skills, hoping that someday HE could be the protector of those who needed it. Instead of causing the three "brothers" to drift apart as the twins had feared, it only served to bring them closer together—except for the rare moments when Legolas finally rebelled against what he called "over-smothering." They had been lucky and they all knew it. It reminded them all how blessed they were to have each other in their lives, and Legolas never harbored any ill will towards Elladan for his loss of temper that day, though he could honestly say he never experienced much anger from the elder twin after that, causing the instance to fade far away into a distant memory—a memory of one exciting adventure on All Hallows Eve. Elvish Translations Penneth – Young one Hannon le. – Thank you. Goheno nin . – Forgive me. Fea – Spirit Ada/Adar – Father