of this supposed punishment without spoiling the surprise. I would not dare to ruin it after this much turmoil has gone into the making of it!" Gaerlin flashed him a relieved smile, then left to freshen up and recover from his scare. "Do not say it," Thranduil warned as he turned reluctantly to meet his friend's condemning gaze. "I know…I was too hasty. It is as you said. Enjoy this moment, old friend, for it is one of the few in which I will admit you were right!" he smiled sadly at Galion, who could not prevent a slight smile at his friend's comment, though his face was also laced with sadness, along with anger at his friend's harsh treatment of the elfling. "Saes, Thranduil. Make it right with the child soon. I fear for him." Thranduil nodded and left the room without preamble, leaving the gold coins scattered forgotten on the floor where a saddened Galion retrieved them, placed them in their bag, and took them off to the treasury. He had a feeling that neither he nor Thranduil would ever wish to lay eyes on these particular gold pieces again! Thranduil knocked softly on Legolas' bedchambers door and entered without waiting for a response, coming to a stop when he saw the child curled up in a tiny ball, his thumb in his mouth, his blanket held close—even in sleep—and his eyes closed! The father frowned to see the closed eyes, knowing that it was his fault entirely that they were this way. His frown grew deeper as he saw the shivering of the small body and the child began to toss and turn restlessly. He went over to the bed and sat down beside the elfling, scooping him up swiftly into his arms and hugging him close. The movement immediately woke the child in the middle of his terror-filled dream. "No!" he cried out, thinking instantly that his hands were being cut off, just like in his dream. He became aware in an instant that he was in his Adar's arms though, and confusion filled the still moisture-laden eyes at the realization. "A-Ada?" he mumbled sleepily. "I-is it time…" he took a shaky breath. "Is it t-time…to cut off my hands?" The child could not prevent another tear at the words, and Thranduil's heart shattered in that instant as he drew his son closer. "Nay, Legolas! Oh, penneth! I'm not going to cut off your hands! I never was, ion nin. I only said it to frighten you. I thought it might make you tell me why you took the coins. Forgive me, little one. I should have never said thus to you!" A tear escaped from the king's own blue eyes and Legolas' eyes widened at the sight. "Ada?" he whispered, lifting a little hand up to gently brush away the tear. "Ada…you are crying… Ada, you cannot cry! It is to be your Begetting Day soon, and you should be happy now!" At those words from his purely innocent and sweet elfling, the mighty and fearful king of the Woodland Realm did something unheard of by many of his subjects, he broke into sobs as he clasped his child to him in a death grip and cried into the small shoulder and the golden hair, regretting with every ounce of his being his careless decision to scare the innocent elfling in such a way. "Forgive me, Legolas. Forgive me, son. I love you dearly." He pulled back then, gathering his emotions and gripping the child's upper arms tightly. "Legolas, I will allow you to work for the gold if that is your desire. We will talk about the terms in a few days. For now, I think you've had enough of a scare as your current punishment. Let us spend the next few days together and get ready to enjoy the celebration." The king placed a kiss on his son's pale cheek, then he bent and placed one on the other cheek…and his forehead…and the top of his golden head…and his cheek again… "AAAADAAA!" giggled the elfling at his father's silliness. He sobered then. "Does that mean…does that mean you aren't going to cut off my hands…ever?" Thranduil frowned, reaching his slender hand over and giving the small stomach a tickle, bringing a smile back to his child's face. "Nay, little one. Never!" he said firmly, standing up with his child firmly ensconced in his arms and walking out of the room with the surprised child to find him something to eat. Father and son spent an enjoyable evening together after dinner, reading and playing games together. Thranduil fell asleep that night with an elfling in his arms, not wanting to leave the child alone after the traumatic day. And, two days later, it was a very surprised and ecstatic king who received a kingly knife as a Begetting Day gift, one given by an excited and proud elfling, his friend Gaerlin standing beside him with a look of sheer relief and happiness at the child's joy. And, strangely enough, Thranduil never did get around to mentioning the gold coins again, or assigning some tasks to Legolas so that he could earn the 'borrowing' back. Though many months later the tutor did manage to incorporate a very long and thorough lesson into his daily plans—at the specific request of the king—that taught the elfling all about the various types of money and forms of exchange among the different races of Middle Earth. If Legolas wondered about any of it, he never did mention it, for he was terrified to bring up the subject of gold coins in his father's presence again unless the king specifically mentioned it first. Perhaps Galion laid the child's fears to rest and he knew not to bring it up. Whatever the reason, the touchy subject was left far behind in the past, and Thranduil was hard put to even raise his voice to his elfling for a long time afterwards!