One morning the elfling woke up and looked immediately over at his father who was sleeping in the nearby chair, heaving a sigh of relief when he saw him in the same spot as he'd been for the past several days. He'd dreamed that Ada had been mad at him again and didn't want him, and he had feared it to be true for half a second when he awoke. Ada was still here though, and even such a young child as the little elfling could see that his Ada cared about him. 'Ada does still love me,' he thought in wonder. 'Maybe he won't hit me again, and maybe we can be a family again.' Thranduil woke up to find assessing blue eyes peering at him almost unnervingly. He smiled cheerfully at the child, determined to break the fading's grip. Moving to sit down beside him on the bed, he scooped the child up in a gentle embrace. "Good morning, ion nin," he said softly. "What would you like to do today? Read another story or play a game?" Blue eyes watched him unblinkingly. "Ada? Would it be all right if we just talk?" came the hesitant reply. Thranduil looked startled, and a faint trace of worry entered his deep blue eyes. "Of course, little one," he said as he cupped the small face in one hand. "Ada? Are you still mad at me for killing Nana?" The little elf twisted his hands together in the covers. Thranduil's mouth dropped open in shock. "Killing Nana…Legolas! How could you ever think such a thing, child? You didn't kill Nana!" The huge eyes blinked at him. "But…you were so mad at me all the time…ever since Nana died…" Thranduil lowered his head for a moment trying to gather his emotions. Ai, how he had wronged his child! He drew the child closer in his arms and laid a gentle kiss on the golden head. "Ai, penneth, I am sorry!" he sighed aggrievedly. "I was sad about Nana dying, yes, but I never once thought you had done this. It was not your fault, Legolas! Ada was just thinking sad thoughts about Nana, and I took my anger out on you. I am so very sorry!" He drew back a little and looked the elfling in the eyes, keeping a firm hold on the quivering chin as Legolas struggled not to cry. "There is something else I must apologize for, ion nin." He said firmly. "W-what is it, Ada?" asked the little elf with wonder in his voice. He was getting so much attention from his Ada! He thought perhaps he might be dreaming… "I need to apologize for hitting you the other day. It wasn't very fair of me, and you had not done anything to deserve it." Legolas gaped at him for a long moment, a moment in which the worried king began to fear the child would not forgive him. Then, he threw his arms around Thranduil's neck, burying his small head in the elder elf's neck and beginning to sob. Worried at his elfling's strange reaction, Thranduil clasped him tightly to him for several minutes, whispering soothing words and patting his back. Then, he pulled back and held the thin shoulders, looking his little son in his moisture-filled eyes. "What is it, penneth? Why does this make you cry?" Legolas sniffled, leaning his head over and rubbing a teary cheek on his shoulder to dry it. "I-I…thought…I thought you didn't…love me anymore, Ada…" he sobbed, tears still flowing down his cheeks too rapidly for him to wipe them away. Thranduil paled, his eyes widening in shock as he looked at his little son. "Ai…Legolas…forgive me…" he breathed as a tear slipped from his own eye. "I promise, little one. I will try harder, and things will get better. You will see." He gripped the tiny elfling to his chest so fiercely that he started coughing again, and the king was forced to loosen his grip and help him through another bad spell. "A-Ada…" Legolas gasped when he was able to regain his breath, "does this mean we can do things together again…like we used to…before Naneth…?" Thranduil closed his eyes against the soft, fuzzy blonde head, breathing in his elfling's scent and wondering vaguely how he'd drifted so far away. "Yes, child. We will do many things together, starting with having a bedtime story every night again like we used to." Legolas grinned up at him joyfully, and Thranduil noted with pleasure that his son was regaining some color in his cheeks. When the healer came in to check him later, his face lit up in happiness at the elfling's improved state. "You are going to be fine, little one, just fine!" he said happily, meeting the king's eyes. Thranduil smiled the first truly happy smile he'd had since his wife passed away, relishing in the sight of his happy little elfling getting better. He realized then that he was getting better as well! He was finding true joy in spending time with his little son, and he did not even feel the need to summon Elrond any longer to help him heal from his grief. In fact—he turned a brighter face to the open windows—he could hear the whispering of the trees again, something he had not been able to do for weeks! He turned back to his little child, who was blinking sleepily at him, his eyes continually trying to drift shut as he tried desperately to stay awake. Smiling gently down at the sleepy little elfling, the king curled up beside him, enveloping him in strong arms against his chest. As they drifted off into a peaceful slumber together, the healer slipped quietly out of the room, anxious to send a missive to Elrond to let him know he no longer needed to rush to Mirkwood. The royals were going to be just fine, all thanks to the little elfling running away and getting sick!