office without another pause. "He's an interesting fellow," Aragon commented on the man's rude behaviour. "He's much nicer when you get to know him," Legolas smiled. FLOWERS Robbers Frodo gasped stopping short at the glass door of the flower shop spying two men in dark clothing threatening Legolas with a knife. "What, what is it?" Sam asked stopping behind Frodo looking around his shoulder curiously, "Oh no!" he exclaimed seeing what Frodo had. "We need to get Aragorn," Frodo decided quickly dashing towards the police station not three doors down. "Aragorn, Aragorn," The two former hobbits yelled crashing through the doors panting heavily from their mad dash, "It, its," Frodo gasped. Aragorn stood up startled up their urgency, "What is it? What's wrong?" "There's there's," Sam jabbed in the general direction of the flower shop. "Robbers, Mr Green," Frodo added joining Sam in the jabbing. "They have a knife." Sam managed to finish his words causing Aragorn to take up his gun and dash for the door not even asking for a proper report. At the flower shop he burst through the door gun drawn and trained on the aslant standing in front of the florist knife in hand. "Drop the knife!" Aragorn demanded instantly then blinked in surprise as the perp did just that and followed the weapon to the floor after a few quick hand movements curtsy of the blonde man they were trying to hold up. It was only then that he noticed the man's partner also on the floor looking very dazed. "Oh hello Aragorn," the elf smiled pleasantly, "I was just about to call you." The policeman lowered his gun a little dazed himself, "I'll ah take them in." "I can help you carry them," Legolas offered kindly bending down to retrieve the knife from the floor and put it on the counter. "No, no need, I'll call Eomer." Aragorn shook his head and reached for his radio eyes never leaving the blonde. "There you boys are, we have a few deliveries to make Frodo and Sam I need you to cut the Amaryllis," Legolas spied the two boys at Aragorn's shoulder looking at their employer in awe. "Yes Mr Green," They both nodded still a little dazed from their run quickly sliding past Aragorn to get to their work. "So you take self defence classes?" Aragorn asked clearing his throat still surprised at the slim blonde's actions. "Something like that," Legolas skirted a secret smile falling on his lips. FLOWERS Gandalf "I'm just closing," Legolas called out not turning around from watering his bonsai forest. "And I have an appointment," replied a familiar voice accompanied with the sound of a lock clicking and the scrap of the opening sign being turned around. "Gandalf," Legolas smiled in greeting swinging around with watering can in hand, "You closed early?" "A few minutes won't hurt," the white haired antiques dealer replied motioning to the elf to finish what he was doing. "Just a moment," Legolas nodded turning back to finish off his watering before putting the almost empty watering can to the side. "I've just brought a new brand of tea, would you like to try it?" the elf asked wiping his hands on his green apron as he lead the former wizard into the back heading for the stairs that lead into his loft. Every week without fail Gandalf came to have tea and chat about the street's shops and residents, especially those they had known before a time before. "So Aragorn has appeared," Gandalf smiled taking the offered seat in the cosy plant filled kitchen. "Yes, he seems well, and he seems to want to remember as well," Legolas replied gathering together two mugs and setting the kettle. "They will all remember eventually," Gandalf prophesised watching the elf move around the kitchen. "That would make explaining things a little easier," Legolas placed the steaming mugs between them and sat removing his bandana. He had had to wear something similar for as long as he'd returned to middle earth. People still saw his ears occasionally but luckily most just wrote them off as a genetic anomaly. "Indeed," Gandalf commented taking a sip of his tea eyebrows rising at the taste, "An interesting flavour." "Oh," Legolas asked curiously taking a sip of his own mug, "Mmm," he mused taking one more sip just to be sure of the taste, "I do not think I will buy this again," He finally said placing the mug back on the table. "I think that would be wise," Gandalf smiled placing his own mug back on the table, "Do you have biscuits?" he asked having gained a liking for chocolate oreo's. "I do," the elf smiled happy to oblige as he stood and brought the entire cookie jar back to the table. "Mmm," Gandalf mused taking the jar and peering into the depths, "Ah ha," he smiled nabbing the biscuit he was after before sliding the jar back towards Legolas. "I also have hot chocolate," Legolas offered snagging his own biscuit before heading to the fridge to find the milk and the cupboard to find a saucepan. "That would be delightful," Gandalf smiled biting into his treat watching the elf prepare their new hopefully more tasteful drinks. FLOWERS AN: Hope you all enjoyed my first attempt at LOTR fanfiction. I will admit to barely remembering anything about the books but I've become a little obsessed with the movies so I hope the characterisations aren't too terrible. And sorry there isn't much of an ending but I had no idea how to go about ending it. Please review and tell me what you think. The Flowers Jasmine – Grace and elegance Gladiolus – Strength of Character Orchids – Delicate beauty Hydrangea - Perseverance White Carnations – Remembrance Sunflower – Adoration Daisy – Innocence Peony - Healing Daylily - Enthusiasm Yellow roses – Friendship Freesia – Spirited Yellow Chrysanthemum – Secret Admirer Stephanotis – good luck Casablanca Lily – celebration Amaryllis - Dramatic