be dealt with—conscious ignorance or conscious harassment? Which tier of society would be left to judge them? What were the worst possible ramifications? Shunning. Disappointment. Hate. At least both sides would agree on those in the face of their perfect worlds being tainted by unwelcome outsiders. Sam can't make small talk with the Thain like Frodo can, and Frodo knows very well that idle conversations at the Green Dragon are respectfully censored in his presence. Frodo isn't as relieved as he thought he'd be in finding a middle ground. ----- It's time for their next lesson, and Frodo spends most of the day wondering whether or not Sam will come, overdosing on tea and re-alphabetizing the library to keep his mind off of subjects he shouldn't even be contemplating in the first place. He ends up becoming so engrossed in his task that he doesn't notice Sam padding gingerly around the mess of maps and manuscripts strewn across the floor, and it startles him when he feels a tentative hand on his shoulder. Frodo whips his head around, stares up into Sam's eyes, softly brown and back to normal. "I didn't hear you come in," he says stupidly. "That much I gathered, sir," he smiles, so at ease, and Frodo begins to wonder if he'd imagined everything that had transpired before. "What, er, happened in here?" "Oh. The mess. Right, well, just a bit of spring cleaning, that sort of thing." Sam raises his eyebrows, doesn't look so convinced. Frodo pulls himself to his feet in the meantime. And they stay like that for a while, Frodo biting his tongue and Sam looking hopeful. "I've been practicing that song you gave me to look at . . ." Sam begins. "Oh, have you?" Frodo needs to say something more—he's the adult here, for goodness sake. More silence. "Would you, ah, be wanting to hear it, sir, or—?" "Maybe it's time to stop having lessons," Frodo blurts, recoils at the instantly dejected expression on Sam's face. Pushes on: "You're not a child anymore, Sam, and there isn't much more I can teach you. Nothing really useful to you, anyway." It makes sense— so much sense , but for some reason the more sense his decisions are making the worse he feels. Sam recovers, hides his distress valiantly. "Is it really that you're of no more use to me? Or am I just of no more use to you?" he asks, eyes changing. ". . . Sir," he adds, manages to sound defiant and contrite at once. Frodo sighs. "Sam, please believe me, I enjoy spending time with you, but we have so little in common anymore—" "Mr. Frodo. Sir. I know you don't believe that, not one bit." Stares, stares, stares at him. "You're an awful bad liar," he confides. Frodo evades Sam's eyes. "All right, do you want the truth? I hate to have to be the one to tell you this, Sam, but you're my servant, and as such you are required to do what I say and not continue to force me into being your friend—" "No. You have it all wrong. I know you—I know you don't mean any of this." Most would label Sam's behavior stubbornness, and maybe it is, but Frodo knows that Sam's stubbornness always has a good reason behind it. Frodo deflates. Sam can see him all too well. "This isn't allowed, Sam, and that's all there is to it. Please don't make it harder than it is." "You aren't listening ," Sam insists. "Please, Sam—you know I'm right . . ." "Never said you weren't right, sir," Sam says, leaves. ----- Frodo doesn't expect to see Sam again for awhile. At least not until Bilbo's returned and ushered him inside to regale him with predominately fabricated tales from his journey. And so he's surprised to realize that the chiming piano music permeating his dream is in fact coming from the parlor. Frodo moves silently through the hole, emotions vying for recognition—annoyance, worry, ruefulness—but all of them effectively drowned out by the sweet, listless calm of the music. He can hear Sam attempting to re-create Frodo's additions to his theme, always retreating to linger on the most beautifully ringing pitches, hanging onto dissonance and holding out resolutions for eons of nourishing overtone. Frodo watches him from the doorway, and it all feels so much like déjà vu that he believes he may still be asleep. "What is that, anyway?" he asks softly. Sam takes a deep breath, addresses the piano: "You make everything so complicated, Mr. Frodo. I'm sorry, but there it is—you always have to make things more complicated than they are. Take music. I know that there's a certain way you're supposed to write songs and make them turn out the right way. I know there's more rules than I can fair keep track of. But music isn't about doing things the right way, sir, not really. It's about sounding good and sounding beautiful, and I believe that, truly, no matter how many rules I'm breaking by believing it." Frodo clears his throat. "So . . . the right way isn't always the good way. That's what you're saying, isn't it Sam?" "Begging your pardon, Mr. Frodo, but that it is." "Sam—" "How I feel." "I . . . pardon?" "This?" And Sam plays the sweet little theme again over the keys. "It's how I feel, is all." "Oh." Frodo studies the floor, can see Sam standing and approaching out of the corner of his eye and tries very hard not to fidget. "I'm too much older," Frodo points out. "Mm." "I don't sew my own clothing. I will one day inherit actual treasure." "Mm." "I'm . . . I'm not Rosie Cotton." Sam laughs. "Definitely not, sir." Frodo sighs. "Sam. Is there any possibility that you could call me by my name ? For once?" "Oh, definitely yes, Frodo," Sam says, close, voice echoing around him before they kiss. -----