come up to the spot where the Hobbits are. The Hobbits do their best to conceal themselves. "Oh, yea?" Frodo says. "Well, if this is going to be a game of hide-and-seek, this is one Hobbit who is NOT going to be found." He puts the ring on but gets stabbed anyway. He lets out feral cries of pain. "Mr. Frodo!" "AAHHH…." Strider throws torches at the Wraiths and vanquishes the whole lot. "Yea! Who's on fire? Strider to the rescue, once again." "AAAAAHHHH…." "Just great. An ADD blade got Frodo. We'll have to move if we don't want him turning screwed up like the rest." Merry looks at Frodo. "He seems to have contracted an illness, the likes of which I have never before seen—" Which I have just clarified, thank you very much, Einstein," Strider says. "Let's move. I'm taking him to my Sweetheart. She'll know what to do." Right on cue, enter Arwen. She is tall, possesses a catlike grace, and is obviously very proud of it, as she is obsessed with her refinedness. She becomes surrounded by a celestial, blinding white light. "Frodooo. I will now commence to whisper comforting words in an Elvish tongue which you won't understand anyway, but they will have a Rasputen-like effect on your body." Frodo gapes and stares. "No way. Don't stare at her like that, she's taken," Strider says. "I'm taking him to my Daddy. He'll know what to do." "Be careful, baby. I don't want those nasty 'guls' touching you." "Do you know what this chick is made of?" Arwen says with a suggestive wink. "I certainly would like to..." Arwen trots off. Wraiths chase her, but when she reaches the other side of the river, she whispers a spell in that death-like whisper of hers and she vanquishes the whole lot. "Alrighty, then." House of Elrond Frodo wakes up to see Gandalf by his bedside. "Gandalf! You're back again! Why'd you leave me in the first place?" "Now, will you quit taking everything so personally? Had it occurred to you that I was held up by circumstances beyond my control? Honest to Mordor, didn't Bilbo ever teach you any better? Oh, speaking of Bilbo… he's here." "HE'S HERE!" "That's what I said. If I liked to hear my own echo, I would buy a parrot." Frodo is already out the door midway through Gandalf's sentence. "Mr. Frodo! You're alive!" "Yea, yea. BILBO! Wow, you look… old." "Thanks, I think," Bilbo answers. Hey, check out my book." " 'The Hobbit.' It's lovely. Most original title I ever heard. Why'd you leave me?" "Ack, I'm sorry about that. I'll make it up to you. Here, take this Dwarvish mail It's made out of mithril . That's worth more than the whole Shire times two. Let me see you put it on." "I don't know…" Frodo protests. "Do you mind if I see if it fits? These Dwarves have a thirty-day return policy." Reluctantly, Frodo undoes the first three buttons of his shirt, revealing the ring that he stupidly has hung around his neck. "Hey, it's my old Preciouss! Let me hold it." "Wow, Bilbo, you're demanding all of a sudden." Bilbo looks like he's just been electrocuted. "GIVE IT UP." Frodo backs away. "Egad!" "Sorry about that. Look, I'll trade you Sting for the Preciouss." "No. Who's Sting, anyway?" "My sword!" "Isn't that odd? Naming your swords?" Bilbo hands Sting to Frodo. "Not really. It's the new trend. Now give up the ring." "No!" Bilbo returns to his normal self and bawls. "I'm sorry about freaking you out. Sorry I left you. Sorry for everything!" "I'm sorry too." Balcony of Elrond's Study "I have plans for that hobbit," Elrond says to Gandalf. "Plans? Bilbo can barely walk anymore." "No, you douche bag, I meant the other one… Frodo, that's him." "Oh. Well he's not emotionally apt enough to take a journey like this, let's just put it that way." "Don't make excuses. I suppose you have some bright ideas? I mean, come on. Alternatives?" "Men." "No. Men are weak. I say this because Isildur had a chance to destroy evil and didn't take it. Because of this one instance, I will make the judgment that the strength of men has failed forever." "I remember that little incident. Maybe it's somebody ELSE'S fault for not seizing the opportunity to take the ring from him and destroy it." He stares Elrond down and Elrond blushes from embarrassment. Gandalf continues. "Anyway, there's one man I know we can trust." "No. Let him stay a ranger. I have a hesitation to trust my daughter's fiancé… or any man she dates, for that matter." "Come on, she's 3,000 years old already. Can't she even date yet?" "Um, no." Elsewhere, Boromir is wandering around talking to himself: "I will stare with contempt upon those paintings of Gondor's kings, for I am but a steward's son. I will walk up to this dais with sword fragments on it. I will 'ooh' and 'ahh' because this is the very blade that severed Sauron's finger! I will act like an idiot and actually touch the sword's blade and scream in pain when it actually cuts my finger! OWW!" He drops the sword and goes off crying like a little girl. "I will be more respectful to my ancestor's possessions than this bum of a steward's son. I will reverently put the sword back where it belongs and place a hand to my heart in a moment of silence," Aragorn says. Arwen sneaks up behind Aragorn and scares him out of his wits. "Hey, baby. This is A Ranger Caught Off His Guard Take Two. Let's go find a more romantic spot to smooch." They do so and spend who knows how long smooching. Finally, Aragorn tells Arwen that he has a Council to attend. Well, what do you think? Let me know! I like it, but I think the most hilarious parts are Council of Elrond and after.