mussed bed covers as he felt his release approaching. He wanted it, gods, he wanted the relief, that blinding wave of ecstasy that made the world seem brighter for a few moments, but at the same time he never wanted this to end and the combination of the two desires was driving him mad, his body writhing uncontrollably in blind, white-hot need. "Oh, gods, Eomer!" He arched into Eomer, holding onto him tightly as his climax mercilessly wracked his body. He let out a strangled cry of bliss, uncontrollably thrusting as he released himself onto both their stomachs, his body convulsing around Eomer. Eomer saw the much loved features contort in ecstasy and he gave only another couple of powerful thrusts before he too found his release, jerking roughly as he spent himself deep inside Faramir, shouting his name into the rust-coloured hair. Their hips continued to rock together slightly, almost soothingly, for several more seconds as they both came down from their climaxes, stopping eventually as Eomer gently pulled out of Faramir's tired, shaky body. He collapsed on top of him, drawing a strange sound from Faramir as he pushed all the air out of his lungs with his considerable weight. "Guh, heavy", came the muffled complaint from the crook of his neck where Faramir's face was buried. Eomer grinned sleepily in reply and rolled off, allowing Faramir to suck in a ridiculously exaggerated, large breath of air. Eomer continued to grin, listening to Faramir's light chuckles fade as their breath began to slow. "I knew there was a reason for keeping you around", Faramir finally stated smugly, turning on his side to drape his arm tiredly over Eomer's chest. "It's nice to know that I'm only kept around for sex", Eomer laughed, slipping his fingers between Faramir's, "Must mean I'm damn good at it". "As if you needed me to tell you so", Faramir retorted with a snort, giving Eomer's hand a brief squeeze. "That's true. I too have heard the rumours you filthy, dirty-minded Gondorians spread about the Rohirrim, and you no doubt now know that not all of them are untrue", Eomer stated proudly, giving Faramir a suggestive wink. Faramir shifted closer so his face nuzzled into Eomer's shoulder and made a loud raspberry sound. "Which rumour? The one about the riders and their questionable relationships with their horses or the one about the Rohirrim being randy arses with no morals and large-" "No, not those ones", Eomer interrupted hurriedly, "I meant the one about us Rohirrim being absolutely brilliant in bed and being able to make our sister's husband scream our names for all of Gondor to hear". "Oh, that one", Faramir smirked, "Then yes; I suppose I can't dispute that rumour. Though I'll have to think about the other two". He disentangled himself from Eomer to sit up and pull off his nightshirt. All that exertion in having sex had made him sweat and the clothing was distinctly uncomfortable. He tossed the offending item onto the floor and lay down into his former position with his face pressed comfortably into Eomer's shoulder, breathing in his and Eomer's combined scent deeply. Eomer made a noise of approval at his actions and he smiled, sighing as he felt himself sinking into a post-orgasm stupor. "We better get ready for the meeting soon", Faramir mumbled as he stifled a yawn. Eomer groaned, unpleased with the change in conversation. He had just been dropping off too. "You sure we can't skip it and tell them we were deathly ill?", he suggested with little hope. Faramir smiled wryly. "Your majesty has responsibilities, deathly ill or no, remember?" "Yes, and my most urgent responsibility is making my visit one you'll never forget", Eomer murmured into Faramir's ear with a grin. Faramir chuckled into Eomer's shoulder before slowly and reluctantly pushing himself up into a sitting position. "And you've seen to that well. Now for the rest of your kingly duties; meetings and the like". Eomer sighed, agreeing reluctantly as he rolled off the bed and got to his feet. "But I doubt that any of them will be as enjoyable as this", Eomer flashed Faramir a quick grin. "I'd be worried if they were", Faramir answered, laughing, and chucked a hand cloth at Eomer to clean himself off. Eomer caught it deftly and wiped Faramir's release off of his stomach and chest. Faramir picked up another cloth and did the same, looking at the messed sheets with both an amused and worried expression. Eomer saw it and quickly said, "Don't worry about it, I'm sure the maids of Gondor have learned not to ask questions about bedroom activities". Faramir nodded in reluctant agreement, adding almost to himself, "I suppose so. And they would probably assume it's from your wife". Eomer chuckled, unable to resist saying, "But I'm sure the guards who heard us last night will no doubt be aware that those screams weren't a woman's". At the widening of Faramir's eyes and the look of panic on his face, Eomer added gently, "I was joking, Faramir. You had the guards dismissed before we went to bed, remember?" Faramir relaxed, nodding in relief as he began dressing. He hoped no one saw him on his way back to his room as he was in the clothing he had worn the night before which would look strange and suspicious, but he knew Minas Tirith like the back of his hand and he would use the secret passages and the little used corridors to get back to his room unseen. He'd just fished his boot from under a chair when the morning bells rang to alert Minas Tirith to the new day. Most of the city would be awake now and he had to get back to his room soon if he wanted to avoid running into anyone. He shared a hurried kiss with Eomer and a promise to meet in Eomer's room again that night before slipping out the door. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO