my first sign of real change, and the sharp joy it brought me was startling. With the sudden change of scenery and accompanying sense of abandonment throughout this journey, I think I might have been in shock. I'd taken it in stride as far I could tell, not fighting it (at least not after the initial first few minutes) and just doing what I could in the situation. I had made a point not to think too much on what was sitting in my unguarded house waiting to be stolen, my family and friends, my job, or anything beyond finding civilization. I had been in a walking stupor, but now something was looking up—literally. Maybe the land scooped in a valley? If there was the river in the valley there had to be a town or something down there. There couldn't be no people where I was, could there? That was a scary thought. And there was only worse to come. I was out of food. Half a fruit was hardly a meal, but no food was something else. I was already used to my grumbling stomach complaining about having little in it, but now I had nothing. How long was it people could go without food? Fourteen days? Less than that? Water was the big kicker, but humans could last awhile without food, and water I had plenty. Another bad thing: my cell phone was dead. I kept the poor thing on as long as I could searching for service, but it never found any and eventually the battery died. I didn't know what to do with it, now that it was dead weight. I kept it with me, promising myself if there were no civilization by tomorrow I would toss it into the river. In maybe an hour more—I really had no sense of time—when I was upon the hill. Dusk was already sweeping over me, but I struggled up anyway, ignoring the coming darkness. I had to see what I could from the top. Slogging up that thing was a near unbearable crime. My legs, used to the steady pace of walking on level ground now, stiffened and burned fire as I forced them to climb. The slope was sharper than it looked, and I was panting before I'd taken four steps up. I made it to the top, my cheeks red and my breathing labored. Atop it I stood like a king. First I looked to the river, my guide in this terrible adventure. It flowed along the edge of the top of the hill, the north side, bending around it like a ribbon and flowing southward. I followed the line of it with my eyes, watching it go on below me. It looked like a long groove in the surrounding fields. Slightly to the north, nestled in the foothills of the mountains, were lights. Oh, I'd never seen anything as beautiful as those lights in my life! They were tiny and small, like stars upon the earth, and I could feel my chest constrict and my heart tighten painfully. I wanted to run over to them right now, bang on the first door I saw, ring their doorbell a thousand times, shout, anything. There were people, there was civilization, there was someone in this godforsaken place other than me! I'd be home soon. The homesickness, the fear, and the confusion, everything that I had been repressing in my fear for survival descended on me all at once. I started to cry, and I don't think I'd ever cried so hard in my life. All my muscles were unwinding, the string inside me that had been pulled so tight had been cut, and I just let go. No more straggling around the countryside, no more growling stomach, no more bathroom breaks by squatting, no more random adventures. I stared at the lights until they were swimming in my vision and my tears finally stopped. I couldn't feel the chill of the night as I stood there, the wind lightly buffeting me. Finally, composing myself I wiped my face with the bottom of my shirt. I wanted nothing more than to rush down that hilltop and straight into the arms of those foothills, but once I recovered from the suddenness and power of my reaction, I realized there was something approaching me. Below me on the hill was a dark shape, unclear in the pale light of the moon. It took tentative steps, but even so I froze, aware that I couldn't be more obvious or easier to spot than standing on top of the only hill in the area. I wanted to call out, but my voice caught in my throat, and all I could do was let it approach me and hope it was kind and not some animal ready to eat me. The shadows on that face of the hill shifted as the wisps of cloud moved from the moon and revealed the menacing shape to be… …a sheep. I could have cried again. My whole body suddenly relaxed, my shoulders sagging and muscles nearly smarting as I let them go in one whoosh. The sheep completely ignored me, in favor of the grass it was eating. I had to wonder, what was a lone sheep doing out here at night? I didn't care at the moment. Perhaps it was wild, or a shepherd had his flock over here, or this one had wandered off. Whatever the case, the sheep reminded me that standing on a hill might draw attention—what kind I didn't know. If I was really out in the country like this, who knew what other animals were about? Coyotes? Wolves were sheep's naturally predators weren't they? The thought was enough to pull myself down the north side of the hill back towards the river to lie down. I had as much trouble falling asleep as usual, not out of nervousness or fear, but out of excitement. I would be home soon.