just sing it on my own then." "Oh, please spare me," the elf muttered and wrapped his cloak about his head in a failed attempt to drown out the disproportionately loud voice of his small companion. "I need a tree!" "What?" the dwarf asked, stopping his song "Green Dragon" to hear what his friend had said. "I SAID I NEED A TREE!" "Why?" Legolas raised his head from under his cloak to cast a baleful eye at Gimli. "So I can hit your head against it because you're driving me insane! " "Well, luckily for me I don't see any trees - " "No..." the elf answered, thoroughly annoyed, and sat up again. "Maybe because we're in the middle of an ocean?!" "Oi, don't get your ears in a twist - " "Not my fault! I haven't been singing for six and a half hours!" "Has it been that long..." the dwarf mused, curious, and the elf flopped back down on the boat to wrap his head in the comforting fabric of his cloak. Hopefully some of the noise would be drowned - "THAT'S WHAT BILBO BAGGINS HATES!" Nope. ~'*'~ "Now can I worry?" Frodo asked as he, Gandalf, Sam, and Galadriel stood watching as the small upside down craft drifted towards them at an agonizingly slow rate. "No wonder they were late...You know, I'm pretty sure I can hear Gimli's voice from here ." "Hey that's Merry and Pippin's song!" Sam said eagerly, and Gandalf looked at him in pleasant surprise. "Master Gamgee you still have a good set of ears on you!" "I should, Mister Gandalf, sir. I've had to listen to old Mr. Bilbo tell his tales all the time. They're too good to miss and his voice is pretty soft." "Uncle Bilbo is old, Sam. Don't make fun of your elders." "Oh, I'm not making fun of Mister Bilbo, Mister Frodo! I would never - " "Sam," Frodo interrupted, smiling. "I was joking." Behind them, Galadriel smiled and watched as the small boat came closer. There would be a tale or two to tell when they landed, she thought almost mischievously. ~'*'~ Legolas was already planning how he was going to shove Gimli off the boat when he sat up and decided to look behind himself at which point he nearly fell off their precariously balanced wooden island in his excitement. The Undying Lands. Normally, he would be excited about that because it meant that he was home, he was safe, and he was in the home of his ancestors. It would be a source of elven heritage. Now, he was excited because that meant he was that much closer to being off the boat and away from Gimli. And closer to a large forest filled with convenient trees. The dwarf had better watch himself, he thought darkly and turned to face his friend. "Gimli, the Undying Lands!" "No...that's just the harbor we sailed from," his elderly companion corrected, squinting at the distant shore that was rapidly growing. "No. That's the Undying Lands," Legolas corrected, voice borderline patronizing. "And you know what? I think I might just swim the entire way if I hear one more song out of you! " ~'*'~ "Legolas, Gimli, you came!" Frodo shouted in joy but stopped, very confused, when the elf jumped off the capsized ship about twenty feet from the shore, still with his ever present bow and quiver. "Is there something wrong?" he asked as the tall man scrambled onto the shore and sprinted for the trees as though his life depended on it, showing absolutely no sign of land legs, something that the hobbits had been unfortunately plagued by when they arrived. "Something you care to tell us, Master Gimli?" Gandalf asked, amused, as the dwarf landed a few minutes later. "It seems as though our friendship wasn't exactly seaworthy...I drove him insane with my singing!" The dwarf beamed and took his first step onto land only to find that the ground seemed to move under his feet and he went plowing face first into the ground. "Ah. You have yet to regain your land legs, I see," the wizard commented, earning a glare in response. "It's preferable to what we had to go through on that thing. Do you realize what a drag it is to travel with that insensible elf for two days? In a tight, cramped space?" "I can only imagine," the old man stated in the same tone. "It's a miracle the two of you can even stand the sight of each other." Off to the side, Galadriel smirked. I see what you are doing, Mithrandir, she said, and Gandalf's mouth twitched in the barest shadow of a smile. "Well, he isn't that bad. I mean, I guess I can be a little annoying at times and loud. But that is the dwarvish way...I guess the elves are a bit more on the quiet side." "That we are, Gimli son of Gloin," Galadriel agreed and she bent over to hug the arriving dwarf. "I am simply glad that the two of you arrived safely." The dwarf seemed to have lost all ability to speak and was only able to stare at the Lady of Lothlorien before him. But before he could make a fool of himself, there came the tell-tale, taunting wolf whistle from somewhere in the trees. "YOU LITTLE - " Gimli began and soon set off with his axe, vanishing into the tree line. Sam shook his head in bewilderment as Gandalf, Galadriel, and Frodo laughed. "Now, what was that all about?" "I think that was Legolas' way of saying no hard feelings," the gardener's friend replied, but the first hobbit still didn't quite grasp it. "Their friendship is based off of annoying each other. If they didn't - " The next sentence that rose from the dark forest erased all confusion from Sam's mind. "I'M GOING TO KILL YOU, YOU LITTLE ELVISH PRINCELING!" "Oh..." he answered. "I get it now."