never a Man! There was an elf of the same name as Haldir Lord of the Haladin! "Our history is written in blood, did I not tell you! To elves none remember that there once lived an elf of Gondolin with the name Haldir, an elf who stands before me right now, who is looking right in the eyes of his lost lover but does not recognize him!" "Legolas?" Haldir approached him cautiously, wondering if he should just leave. The elf was clearly insane, a prince that King Thranduil undoubtedly never mentioned out of shame. But when he touched Legolas's shoulder, the elf swatted him away and gave a horrible scream that nearly deafened Haldir. " Remember me! Remember me! Remember me! " His fists pounded on Haldir's chest as he kept screaming. Though elves never were inflicted with pain from the cold, Haldir felt a terrible chill plague him as everything came crashing down on him at that moment. He looked up to see the moon as though for the first time, and a strangled, painful cry escaped him. Images spun before him. Legolas let go of him and screamed again. And suddenly Haldir remembered that night, of hearing the cry for help and rushing out of the cave, of seeing nothing around him, and then being overthrown by many elves. His eyes glanced over at Legolas's robes and his exposed neck, and he remembered too of undressing Legolas, and kissing each inch of his skin glowing under the light of the campfire, of holding him tightly in his arms, whispering words of love that the elf had been starved from all his life. Haldir's shoulders shook with his dry sobs as all his memories long buried returned. The entire world seemed to have blurred, gone colder, before becoming clear once again. He threw his arms open and cried out, "By the Valar - Legolas!" Legolas ran into Haldir's arms, his own body shaking with the tears, and for the longest time the two united lovers held one another. "I screamed your name over and over, but you never came for me. Why did you never return to me?" "I did not remember," Haldir said, his throat dry. "I truly never remembered. By Eru, I never remembered!" Legolas kissed his lips. "You do not remember? I was not special enough for you to remember? You cannot remember the kisses we shared? Does no kiss from me ever brought back anything at all to you? You remember nothing and yet you found me again. It seems your body remembers me still, but your mind thinks me only as a strange elf that you've met a few years ago!" Legolas turned back to the ledge. "At first it had filled me with hope that you may have recovered your memory. I roamed around the Mirkwood elves for years under my new disguise, brainwashing the entire kingdom into thinking I was one of them, their prince. I placed myself at a high status so I can receive news of the other elven realms. My disguise wasn't flawless. Many thought me odd and left me alone, but it was to my advantage. I was free to travel wherever I pleased. "Somehow I knew you were still alive. Otherwise I would have passed on to the Halls, I was sure of that. And when I did find you I was so glad, for I thought you'd remember me immediately. But then you introduced yourself as though we were strangers, and I was devastated. I went searching for answers, and I found the records of what the elves had done to you. "But I was desperate to make you remember. We were falling in love once more, but I could not let this go on without you knowing the truth. By our rotten luck, this festival is held every year in the Grey Havens, on the anniversary of that terrible night. And year after year I would wait for you here, hoping to find some way to make you remember." "But…something is off about this tale," Haldir said softly, looking about himself. "You were buried, were you not? How did you escape?" "I never did escape, Haldir," Legolas said, his eyes boring into him. "But if you never escaped, then you must have died! I'm speaking to an elf who's been dead for thousands of years!" "Fool!" Legolas said softly as he kissed Haldir's cheek. "Such a fool." Legolas shook his head sadly. When he looked back up at Haldir, the elf gave a small shriek of horror, for the once beautiful elf before him had changed. His face had become sunken and grey, and when he opened his mouth to speak, Haldir could see that there was no tongue. Blood dripped from Legolas's lips onto his robes. "Haven't you been listening?" Legolas said with difficulty as the tears overcame him again. " My heart never stopped beating. " Haldir felt his body turn cold once more, and he looked out over the ledge. A scream died in his throat at what he saw walking on the water. He could make out the shape of an elf, a tiny speck in the night, walking towards where the cave was deep underwater. And behind the elf trailed the soft song that Legolas always sang whenever he went to see him. "This is impossible," Haldir said. "How can you be here and there at once?" He turned back to Legolas, but he was no longer in Haldir's arms. Haldir quickly turned back to the ledge and cried out for his lover, but Legolas's fëa was no where to be seen; he had returned back to the cave. Instead in Haldir's hands were Legolas's robes, once bright and too frivolous for anyone to wear. The years had eaten away at them, but when Haldir brought it to his nose, he could still smell Legolas's beautiful scent on them, like the rare golden flowers that once bloomed in Gondolin.