and Father. For not being able to do anything to help his Father and save his life… for not saving his own brother. Faramir dropped to his knees, a pained sob tearing out of his chest as his hands gripped the grass, staining it with blood too. "I let him die!" he roared, his voice not loud enough to drown out the yells that went on inside his head. You let him die… because of you, Boromir died… it should be you… the voice was the same for all of them. It was his Father's voice, and Faramir shut his eyes tight, trying to overcome the fear that gripped his heart. But it was there, dark and strong, with roots so deep down in his soul that he couldn't find a way to make it disappear. "I let them all die," he repeated, a little quieter as his throat already felt sore. Next moment, he felt those strong arms around himself again and he clung to Haldir like he was the only one who could prevent him from drowning in his own memories and feelings. It was like a dam had broken in Faramir… and whatever had been hidden behind it was flooding his mind dangerously. But Haldir was there, like an anchor to help him to the safe ground again, and when Faramir was too tired to cry any more, Haldir's soft voice echoed over his head again. "Your only fault is that you are not one of the Valar. You could not have changed Boromir's, or Denethor's, fate. They made their choices… it is up to you now to make yours." Faramir sighed… it was hard to believe that, hard to change his mind after all those years… but with Haldir, it seemed possible. Difficult, but… possible. Thinking that it was Boromir's fate was cruel, and left something in Faramir gasping for an answer to the question 'why him', but… also lifted a weight from his chest that had been preventing him from breathing freely. Hearing those reassuring words from Haldir was… liberating. If the elf, the Marchwarden of Golden Woods, thought so… it was probably true. Faramir released the tight grip he had on Haldir – he didn't even realize he had been squeezing the elf so hard and felt a little embarrassed at causing discomfort to him, but then, he became even more embarrassed when he became conscious of the fact that Haldir could probably withstand much more than any ordinary man. His soft smile was a proof that he wasn't mad at Faramir for… anything, and the man dared to smile back at him. "Thank you," he said simply, because he couldn't find any words to tell Haldir just how thankful he was to him. He had not felt this light-headed in years… if ever. Just looking at him made Faramir feel at ease… as if Haldir was water for Faramir's thirsty soul. He felt burning in his chest, but not that of vicious kind. It was a flame, but it warmed instead of destructed, it was languorous instead of fierce. This kind of flame Faramir welcomed in his chest… and his cheeks burned too when he realized just what brought it on. He told himself that it was probably just thankfulness to the one who had led him out of his darkness… but still, he couldn't help himself. "Is there any way… I could spend some more time with you?" he asked quietly, looking hopefully into Haldir's eyes. The elf's presence healed Faramir like nothing else, like a magical salve applied to his gaping wounds, and he felt that he needed more to be able to feel complete, unbroken again. "I am on duty for the next three days," Haldir started and was immediately interrupted by the man's eager voice. "I'll wait!" Haldir just smiled, in that mysterious way of his, and touched Faramir's hand, softly squeezing it in his own. ~*~*~*~*~*~ Aragorn broke the seal of the Golden Woods, unrolling the parchment as he sat down on the nearest chair and began reading. Greetings to the King! It has been a long time since you wrote to me, friend. At first, I admit, your letter with your request seemed strange to me, but when I have met him, I must agree. Faramir had gone through too much. He is healing slowly, but it will take some time. I will be honest with you, Aragorn. I want him close. I am used to his presence by now, and I would miss him dearly were he to leave Golden Woods. With Lady Galadriel gone, Lord Celeborn is just a shadow of his former self. He barely talks anymore, barely comes out of his talan. I practically run things here, but it does not bring me much pleasure. Fortunately, Faramir has yet to show any inclination that he would like to leave. Thus, I would like to ask you for official permission for him to stay here as long as he wants. I know he has quite a standing among men, and I know this might sound selfish to you – I will not deny a great part of my personal interest in the matter – but I would like you to ask Lady Eowyn to not wait for his return. It is doubtful that Faramir will return to Ithilien any time soon, and it would be unfair to keep her waiting. How is Arwen doing? She should come and visit her Grandfather sometimes. It would do him a lot of good. There was more, but Aragorn couldn't help but smile and look out of the window dreamily, in the direction of Golden Woods. So Faramir was finally happy… Eowyn would have to deal with the fact that she was not going to be his Queen. If what Haldir was saying – or more like, what Aragorn could read between the lines – was true, then the young man already had someone to rule his heart.