us they would lower the price because they heard of the accident. We didn't even ask, how kind of them," her mother's smile could be heard in her voice, and it made Bryn feel sick. Merry lived in Buckland and they only got to see him about twice a year. If she moved there… Her and Sam finally admitted their love for each other, and now they would be ripped apart. She hadn't held his hand long enough, felt his embrace long enough, the way his lips felt against hers… she didn't want that feeling to become a forgotten one. Maybe if she hadn't known Sam all her life, and loved him since she was old enough to understand, then she wouldn't have been so affected. But she had, she did, so she wasn't surprised felt a tear slip down her cheek, followed by many more. Her head was killing her and she felt like she was about to burst; so she followed her heart and slipped silently out of her bedroom window and ran. She ran without breaking, searching for her treasured place. She guessed the direction and luckily found the scattered sky-coloured flowers that covered the meadow. Collapsing, Bryn let the sobs rack her body. She felt stupid and weak for crying like this, but she couldn't help it. She let loose the tears she had been holding back for as long as she could remember. She cried for her and Sam's love that would so soon be ripped apart, she cried for her brother and the fire in their former home that was now only a pile of ashes and wreckage, she cried because she missed Pippin and Merry and their siblings she hadn't seen in so long, and she cried because it was just too hard to hold in anymore. She remembered Sam's words from that afternoon: It's fine to cry, it's fine to take someone's hand when you can't help yourself up. She wanted Samwise to be with her right now, she wanted his strong arms to wrap around her and never let go, she wanted him to kiss her tears away. Then she thought of what he had said before that, It'll be alright, I'll always be here with you. Will he really be, even when I'm away from him? She wiped her tears with the back of her hand and took off running, back in the direction she came from. "Sam," she whispered, lightly knocking on his bedroom window. "Bryn? What are you doing outside this late? Is something the matter? Are you okay?" Sam questioned worriedly as he leaned over the window. But before she could answer any of his questions, he saw the red in her eyes from crying and hopped out onto the grass and took her hand. He pulled her gently, leading her away from the house and into the garden. "Come here," he said softly and pulled her into his lap and wrapping his arms around her. "What is it?" "I overheard my parents say that we were going to move to a new home in Buckland," Bryn whispered. "Buckland? But it's so far… I would barely see you…" he stared sadly with wide, horrified eyes. Bryn couldn't help but notice he hadn't added something like, and your family , with a blush like he usually would have. "I don't want to leave, but I do not know what I can do," she desperately said in a soft voice. Sam kissed the top of her head and let his lips rest there as he thought in the silence. "Would you stay if you could, even if it meant being away from your family?" Bryn looked up at him with wide eyes and thought for a split second before she nodded. Sam smiled and pulled her so she was standing before he kneeled and picked a heaven's mirror from the garden. "Bryn," he held out the flower towards her as he gazed into her eyes. "Will you marry me? Once we have grown enough for marriage, I want you to be my bride. In the meantime, would you live with me in our own home?" "Yes!" Bryn took the flower from his hands and threw her arms around his neck. Sam grinned and wrapped his arms around her waist, kissing her lovingly. ... Bryn smiled as Sam came in through the open, round front door. "How was the family?" Bryn asked, giving him a welcoming hug. "Oh they're good, Ma's expanded her flower garden," he told her, taking a seat at their kitchen table. "I think I might go see my family tomorrow, Drynin told me to come back soon," she smiled. Sam nodded and got up to water the pot of heaven's mirror that they had placed in the center of the table. The new home they were living in was half way between their two family's dwellings, just by the Bucklebury Ferry. It took a bit of convincing, but their parents both agreed fairly easily to their plan of moving, and of course to their future marriage. The evening sunlight pored in through the window, filling the room with an orange glow. Bryn stood up and took Sam's hand as they moved to the window to watch the sunset; something they did daily. "It's going to be a long wait until we are married," Bryn sighed as the sliver that could be seen of the sun disappeared below a grassy hill. Sam gave a slight nod, watching the sky slowly turn from orange and pink to cooler, blue and purple tones. "But in the meantime," he tucked a loose strand of Bryn's hair behind her ear. They gazed into each other's eyes with matching smiles for a moment before Sam leaned in and kissed her. The kiss contained all of their love, and Bryn leaned closer as Samwise grasped both of her hands; entwining their fingers, and their hearts. I hope you enjoyed it and please review!