of the woman and children, for Mirkwood had never been attacked and being an Elvish city, did not think anyone ever would. Emma and Legolas warned the elves as well, telling them to hide as best they could and barricade their homes. Angry cries were heard from the front gate, along with the pounding of many feet. "They have reached the front gates!" But Emma didn't hear his words for she was shaking, hearing only the pounding cries. Not again... don't take me, don't take the city... don't hurt the ones I love! Scared thoughts filled Emma's mind as memories of the invasion when she was young flooded through her. "Emma," Legolas said, forcing her eyes to meet his, "they won't hurt you, we won't let them get in. I'll keep you safe." He wrapped his arms around her, before swooping her shaking form in his arms bridal-style. He carried her, running through the empty streets towards the castle. Cries of pain could be heard in the distance, along with the swishing sound of firing arrows. She squeezed her eyes shut, trying only to focus on the sound of Legolas's heartbeat. It didn't last long though because she heard a soft step from close by, her eyes snapping open. "Legola-" she started, but was cut of by a large figure wielding a sword who had jumped from the around the corner to block their path. The man slashed his sword at them, but Legolas turned, shielding Emma, causing the sword to cut along his arm instead. "LEGOLAS!" she cried, seeing him hurt. He ran as fast as he could to a covered ledge by a small house and set Emma down before taking out his bow. The Elf then turned and shot the attacker straight in the heart, bringing the man to his knees. "Run to the castle!" Legolas urgently ordered Emma. "I can't leave you here!" She exclaimed back. "And I can't loose you, please, take cover there," he pleaded, boring his blue eyes into hers. Seeing him look like this, she nodded and took off in the direction of the castle. She came to the castle steps, but before entering she turned her head to see Legolas fighting off at least fifty men who had gotten in through the south doors. Panicking, Emma fled into the castle and franticly searched for a weapon. In a room to the left, she saw Elf soldiers running into and out of it, wielding weapons upon exit. "Men have gotten in though the south gates! They are attacking outside near the castle!" Emma cried to the elves. "Come on!" The tallest one said, leading the others out the castle doors, quickly thanking Emma for the warning on his way. Now what? Am I just supposed to wait around here and pray he isn't harmed? Emma was much to stubborn for that. She grabbed a sword from the weapons room and charged out of the castle and towards the enemy group who had attacked Legolas. The Mirkwood elves were already there, slaying the attacking men. Among the crowd she saw Legolas, miraculously unharmed; except for the gash on his arm from where the single man had cut him before. Letting out a cry, she nimbly leaped behind a man, piercing him with her sword. "Emma!" Legolas called, hearing her cry, and ran through the bloody scene towards her; killing several enemies on his way. By the time he had reached her, all the Addrunyc troops in the group were slain. Amazingly, only one elf was injured, and the injury was only a broken arm which would heal. "What? You should have more confidence in us!" Legolas joked, seeing her surprised expression. She returned his smile, but it quickly disappeared when she realized more Addrunyc troops could be coming if they had gotten through. As if on cue, an Elf with blood spekcled on his face, whom she recognized as Elavyan, came running towards them. "They are defeated! The front gates were not breached, and few men were lost. Many injuries, but all very healable," Elavyan proclaimed triumphantly. "Although the south gates were," One of the elves who had been fighting with Legolas and Emma scowled. "But we took care of them, and I do not think there were anymore that got through," Legolas confirmed. Emma sighed in relief, and laid her head against Legolas's shoulder. By the time all of Mirkwood was informed that the invasion was over, and the battlefield was cleaned out, the sky had turned a black-blue, with many stars shining bright in the night sky. Emma and Legolas were back in the woods, surprisingly not tired, for the danger of the day had woken them up for a while. "I don't think we'll be hearing from them again," Legolas said, holding Emma in his arms on a sturdy branch. "I'm just glad it's over, I can finally breath again," She sighed, snuggling closer to him. He let out a small laugh, and gazed up at the twinkling stars. "As can I, knowing you are safe in my arms." He kissed the top of her head, before tightening his grip around her and hopping lightly down from their perch in the tree. Emma raised her head to gaze at him with her hazel eyes. "And will you stay in them? Will you let me love you, let me be with you? Because I can't picture a day without seeing your beautiful face, smiling and talking with you, and holding you in my arms," the love was clear in his voice, as he met her eyes with his starlight-blue ones. "I love you, and always will," she replied. Their lips met in a slow, passionate kiss; filled with an indescribable love. "Emma, I love you," Legolas constantly repeated between kisses, causing Emma's heart to flutter. "Forever?" He kissed her again, holding her close to him, smiling down at her with the one smile she loved the most in the world. "Forever."