glance at Faramir who'd offer me a wavering smile, the meal was disturbingly quiet. Denethor seemed lost in his own world, as was usual of late. It wasn't until the meals were cleared away that Denethor finally cleared his throat to speak. "I need you to ride to Rivendell, Devera," he spoke as if he was asking me to deliver a message to a Lord's house simply 2 levels away. I couldn't help myself, years of courtly manners were squashed down by my anger. "What do you mean you want me to ride to Rivendell?" I replied tartly. Out of the corner of my eye I saw Faramir set his mouth in a hard line. This situation was not looking good. Denethor's face hardened at my sulky reply. "You are to catch up to Boromir and return with whatever message he sends you home with," Denethor replied sharply. "He left this morning and if you ride hard today you will catch up to him. You know the way to Rivendell, Boromir does not." "And why is Boromir riding to Rivendell?" I replied just as tartly as before. I was tired and my temper was starting to fray. It would take me a little over 6 weeks to ride to Rivendell if I was by myself setting a reasonable pace. Last time I'd been I'd nearly killed my horse in the mad rush to get home in 3 weeks. Boromir, though the seasoned warrior was no rider. Having him would simply slow me down. "That is none of your concern Devera, you forget your place." Denethor's temper snapped as quick as my own. "You are to leave at once and not ask questions of me. Do you understand?" His last words were shouted at me as Denethor leapt to his feet. His face twisted in a furious mask he sent a cup flying across the room. Faramir only just managed to jump from his seat in time to save being sprayed by whatever drink was in the cup. I opened my mouth to protest again but promptly shut it. Without another word I pushed my chair back so fast that it hit the floor. I gathered my skirts and stormed from the room not even throwing a backwards glance over my shoulder. I was too angry for words. I heard Faramir call after me but I ignored him and stomped back to my rooms in the most undignified manner I could muster. Faramir had only just managed to slip inside the door before I could slam it shut. "You knew this was happening," I shouted at Faramir as soon as he was in the room. "And you couldn't even give me some sort of warning before I had to pack up and leave again." I could feel my voice starting to choke with unshed tears. I was angry about being thrown into one of Denethor's crazy plans yet again. Faramar was the one who usually shielded me from the madness. But he'd failed in that today. "Devera stop it," Faramir scolded me lightly. That didn't stop me throwing a string of cursing in his direction. He simply crossed his arms and with his infinite patience waited for me to finish. Once I had stopped my cursing he simply raised an eyebrow at me. It made me scowl even further at him. Deep down I knew I couldn't be angry with him. It wasn't his fault I'd be riding out again a mere hour after I'd gotten home. "Boromir only left this morning," Faramir said calmly once he was sure I was finished my tirade. "He said to tell you he'd be waiting for you not far from Osgilliath." "But why now Faramir?" I practically wailed like a small child. "I'm exhausted I've barely been home these last few months." "Devera." Faramir began but hesitated as he dropped off his sentence. The strained look on his face made my stomach drop. Whatever news he had it wasn't going to be good. It took him a few long seconds before he could get the words out. "Osgilliath was attacked naught a few days ago." The words were like a slap across the face to me. Silence stretched between us before Faramir started to speak again. "I had a dream on the night before the attack. It said to me 'Seek the sword that was broken in Imladris' and Boromir volunteered to make the journey instead of me. It wasn't until Father had been told you were arriving he came up with the idea to send you along as well." I opened my mouth to speak but no words came out. I silently shut my mouth and simply sat on my bed in shock. So the rumours were true. War was coming, it was just a matter of time before it actually struck. Attacking Osgilliath was a very bold move. Not something a rabble of Orcs could come up with themselves. The smoke rising from Mordor could only mean one thing. It was even too terrible to think about. A loud rap on the door startled both of us as Ina rushed in before I could say enter. She shot me a not to subtle look about having the door closed with Faramir in there. I simply rolled my eyes. Being the centre of court gossip was hardly new for me and court manners were the last thing on my mind now. With a thump, Ina dropped my now full saddlebags on the door with a relieved sigh. Another reason for her harassed look earlier. She would have known before I did that I'd be leaving again very soon. The rush out the door to get me to lunch was a mere rouse to not raise my suspicion. I looked between Ina and Faramir and sighed in defeat. I was going whether I liked it or not. I gave the both a quick hug and smiled grimly. "I suppose I should take Axis then."