The effect was almost instantaneous, and a smile touched each of the Elves' faces. Estel curled his right hand in his father's tunic, and slept on. The boy slept for two full days before joining his family in consciousness, but his problems did not end there. The coming days proved to be a trying time for him as every shadow sent him careening back into the cave. He could not go into a darkened room without feeling as though someone was squeezing his chest, and the few times he woke after his candle had burnt out, his brothers had found him under the bed, whimpering. When Elrond's heart could take no more of his son's plight, he chanced a method of healing that he had tried only once before, on his middle son. He was going to make Estel face his fears, and hoped the boy would come out stronger for it. Rousing the boy from a light sleep in the Healing Halls after dinner that night, Elrond wrapped him in a dark wool blanket and carried him down to the Hall of Fire. Sitting in a chair near the fireplace, he allowed the boy to relax in his arms. "You trust this place, don't you ion nin? And you trust me? You feel safe where you are?" Elrond worked to keep the tremor out of his voice. He wasn't sure how this would affect his boy. "Yes, Ada," Estel replied sleepily. "Then please forgive me," he said softly. Before the boy could question his father, Elrond grabbed the corner of the blanket and threw it over his son's head, plunging him into darkness. With tears in his eyes, he held the small human as he thrashed and whimpered. He could see the Elves who were still milling around and asked them quietly to leave. Most were already on their way out. "Estel. Estel, listen to me. You can hear me, I know you can Estel." He smiled as the boy relaxed a little, but still strained to move his arms. "Good. Listen to what you can. Listen to the sounds and then let them fade into your surroundings. Can you hear the fire behind you?" The boy nodded. "Good, now let that fade. Can you hear my heart beating next to your ear? Good. Concentrate on what you know. You are safe here, tithen pen. You know where you are and that no one can come and hurt you here. You know that the panting you can here is just Sador, waiting for you to heal. You can hear the owls outside? They are simply living out their lives, nothing more. Can you get passed all of this, Estel?" Fear starting to subside a little, Estel was more in control of his actions, and tried once more to move the blanket. "Not yet, ion nin. Not yet." As part of this healing, Elrond slid his hand under the fold of the blanket, grasping his son's hand. "Instead, see my light and know that the light of your family and friends will always lead you to safety. Remember that, my son." Elrond paused once more to allow Estel to find his light and focus on it. "My son, the inky blackness of the dark is nothing to fear, for it can not harm you. You are safe in my arms here, and yet the darkness has hold of you. There is no way to hide from it, only to accept it and know that no matter what, it will not control you unless you let it. The world is an ever continuing cycle of light and dark, and those who can thrive in both will rule their own fate. Those who cannot will be able to do nothing more than wait in fear for the next revolution. You must look into your heart and decide which path you are going to choose, and then your brothers and I will help you. Imagine this fear of yours is the flame from a candle. It will take more courage for you to simply take a deep breath and visualize yourself blowing out the flame than everything you have done to this day." With that, Elrond pulled the blanket away from the boy's eyes just slightly, allowing a sliver of light into his son's cocoon. He pulled his hand out from the blanket and simply sat, waiting for the teenager to make the next move. Estel sat quietly for a moment, still working to calm his breathing and decipher all that his father had said. Knowing that he could not spend his life hiding in light, the boy put his trust in his father, took a deep breath, and blew it out, moving the blanket back over his eyes as he did so. He had surrounded himself in the dark, and was no longer afraid. He was content to sit there and relax before falling asleep. It had been only seconds between the cave-in and Gandalf lighting his staff, but time seemed to have stopped, and it took the hand of his oldest friend gripping his shoulder supportively to break Aragorn of his nightmare. A sigh escaped from his lips and necessity only afforded him an instant to let the fears fade into the deep recesses in his mind like smoke from a candle wisping off into the air. It was an old trick that his father had taught him, and it worked once more. The light chased away any weakness the Man felt, and he reached for the small rock in his pocket. The lichen had long since worn off, but the symbolism still held. Squeezing it tightly, Aragorn smiled and nodded into the dark. He checked on the other members of the Fellowship, and fell into step behind Legolas – letting the Elf's natural light encompass him and setting his mind to other matters. Moria was far from safe now; he could sense it and so he took charge once more.