eyes of Legolas, god this man was beautiful. He looked like an angel; his eyes were haunted but compassionate. I wish I could see those eyes filled with love, love for me. Ah! Jess, don't think like that! I'm mortal, he's not, and besides I have to get back to my own world, I don't belong here. Damn I really do change moods quickly note to self, get that checked out in the future, which I still need to do, sigh "Ladies, we must bring you back to Imladris. I do not want to leave you out here if you are defenseless and lost." Legolas said. He's so kind! I stepped back behind Elle. Why had I felt like such a loser? I'm usually the social butterfly, I guess throwing someone into a different world changes people. "Whatever you think is best my Lord," Elle said. Twin Elf A (Not Legolas's brother but we find later that he's Elrohir) walked over to his horse and told us to come. He held his hand out to Elle and helped her on his horse. Legolas can over to me and helped me onto his horse. Legolas got up on the horse and we started to trot. I looked over at Elle with a sad look on my face. I was never going to survive this, Legolas was right behind me! I could feel him breathing on me! Elle smiled and stuck out her tongue. "How long is this ride going to take?" "Not very long, around and hour or so," Legolas responded. This is going to be one long horse ride. I curled up a little bit pulling my sweater closer to my body to keep me warm. Lovely, this is going to be hell. -Back to Elle- Wow! Simply wow! An hour of Jessi and Legolas on a single horse! Now, that's called fun! Well the elf dude behind me was hot. Fine, I'll admit it! Super hot! But I did not swoon over men or even Elves for that matter. Jessi and Legolas looked amazingly cute together plus, Jessi was so elflike then! Now…she's still elflike… Anyways, getting back to events. "My lady, may I have the pleasure of knowing your name?" asked elf A. Wow, flowery language. "Eleniel. I am Eleniel and yourself, my lord." I asked using the same manner of speech. I used to be in my school's drama club. Fun. "I am Elrohir, son of Elrond." He said. Crap, so I was talking to a living Elrohir! "You have an elvish name, my lady. Do you know what it means?" "No" I was totally clueless. I knew a tiny bit of elvish but I wasn't any good. Plus, I didn't name myself 'Eleniel' my childhood friend did…Madhav did…on my 12th birthday; he was 14 years old at the time. I had known him since I was 4 years old. He was so sweet! "Eleniel, Daughter of the stars…a beautiful name. How you acquired it, I know not. Your parents…are they elf-friends?" he asked. "I would rather not talk about my parents, my lord." I replied, thinking of home and my mom and dad and all the people that I had little chance of seeing again. A tear slipped out of my eye and rolled down my cheek but I wiped it away quickly. I did not want Elrohir to see it. The last thing I needed was anyone's pity. I despised pity. Plus, I had never been used to showing emotion. Having hidden what I felt for most of my life, there was no way that I was suddenly going to start to reveal my feelings. I usually remain calm and emotionless or wear a mask of happiness and laughter. "As you wish, my lady." He said politely. I cringed as I had twisted my wrist again to a strange angle, hurting it again. Once more, I tried not to let Elrohir see. I looked to Jessi again. She was asleep… sleeping in Legolas' arms! I really needed to fix them up! I could lock them in a room for a while but that would be evil of me. So, I would somehow get them together. Seriously, if one of you readers had seen them together you'd say they were meant to be! Soon enough I realized that none of the elves had commented on my 'strange' attire. I looked to see that I was wearing my long white satin skirt and a black off shoulder top. Strange choice of clothing…I know but I tend to wear long skirts on days that I don't leave home. "Elrohir! Legolas!" called elf B, Elladan who was Elrohir's twin. The horses all stopped and Elladan caught up but there was someone else with him, a child of about 4 or 5 years of age. She was crying, I could hear her but I was yet to see who she was. "I found this lost child, brother." He said to Elrohir, bringing the child closer to us. Jessi started to wake up too. I saw the little girl's face…oh no! "Mili!" I squealed, jumping off Elrohir's horse and hugging my little cousin. "It's okay, sweetie. I'm here now." I said, trying to calm her. "I'm scared." She said. "There is nothing to be scared of. Come, ride with the nice person who brought you to me and soon we'll reach a beautiful, fairytale place. Go on now." Mili nodded and grabbed Elladan's hand. He smiled and took her to his horse. We resumed our journey again. "How much further is Rivendell?" I heard Jessi ask Legolas. "Not much further, my lady." He said with one of his serene smiles. Soon, we rode through an elven arch from where we could see a waterfall behind us. It was all too beautiful. Flawless natural beauty of our surroundings left Jessi and me staring. Point blank. "Welcome, my ladies, to Imladris." Guess what? Imladris, here comes change. A/N: All we can say is...REVIEW!