with sweat. So I changed into my riders outfit and walked out of my tent and started to take down my tent like everyone else. Today I felt like something was going to happen. Something extraordinary and unusual. We mounted our horses and started riding after a quick break for breakfast. The horses were rest less and frightened of something we and the horses did not know. A mist started gathering as we rode to the center it came to a sudden end, but the mist was still behind us and then it disappeared and it was a sunny forest. A sunny forest? Where did that come from? But my elvish senses told me that I was in the past and not in Rohan anymore. So I told them that and they agreed upon that now all we had to do was to figure out where we are, what year, and how to get back. But our first problem was to get out of the forest. So we decided to go west, first. It took us two hours to get to the edge of the forest. At the edge of the forest there was a pretty old road. So we decided to go down the road. It was an hour before we ran into elves going the opposite way and asked them to stay with our group for the night and the elves accepted the offer. I asked one elf while we were making dinner, where we were. He said we were near Rivendale, and if we continued down the road for two days we would find a path to get across there and say Glorfindal sent us. Elrond was to hold a council there in a month. I then asked Glorfindal what day and year it was because we lost track of time, which was true to some degree. He said it was the twelfth of October of the year of the third age, 3018. So mother and father are alive in this time period and we are twenty-eight years into the past, I thought. Then the elves started to sing to us in return of our hospitality. They sang; "Lairë Telcontaro Ilya i ná malta úmirilya, lá ilyë yantë ranya nar vanwë; i tulca enwinawë úquela, nurë sundar arahtier lá ringwenen. Erinillon nárë núva coivana, cala lumbellon tuiuva; encarna núva macil i né rácina, i úrína ata núva aran." "What does that translate to?" asked Leron. "It translates to, 'the riddle of strider, all that is gold does not glitter, not all those who wonder are lost the old that is strong does not wither deep roots are not reached by the frost. From the ashes a fire will be woken, a light from the shadows shall spring; Renewed shall be the blade that was broken, the crownless again shall be king." Said Glorfindal. The next morning our guest left us to ponder our thoughts. "Who was the riddle talking about?" Wondered Leron aloud. "It was talking about my father, Leron, in the days before my father became king he was a dunedian chieftain. He had many names in Bree he was known as Strider. To the elves of Rivendale he was Estel. In Rohan he was known as Throngol. In Gondor he is known as Elessar the Elfstone. But his true name is Aragorn II son of Arathorn II. In this time period he is known as Aragorn or Strider." I told Leron and the others. We then decided to pack up camp and head on to Rivendale. The rode was long and rough. The pebbles in our horses shoes made us stop numerous times and by the twentieth time we stopped people were starting to get annoyed and grumpy. It was not a pleasant journey, nor was it the next day. After stopping for the day, I led a hunting party into the woods and came back with three deer and handed them to the people in our group to butcher them. After the deer were butchered we cooked the deer. That was when something strange happened. It sounded like a high pitched scream but I knew it was the Ringwraiths. After 5 minutes of waiting we saw them. They came riding down the road beside us and they didn't even notice us. That was a big wake up call for my men. The next day we arrived at Rivendale and told the guards that Glorfindale told us to come here. Me and my men and Elfwine met Elrond. It was weird meeting my grandfather. He was a tall even among elves, he had dark hair, and sea gray eyes. "Welcome, to Rivendale, Captain Nienna Telcontar and you riders. Please make your self comfortable. In a couple of days there will be a council and you captain and one of your friends may join you. My elves will show your riders to the barracks, and my daughter, Arwen will show you captain to your rooms." Said the Elf lord. While Arwen (my mothers younger self) was leading me to my rooms I asked her questions about Rivendale. When we ran into my Dad's younger self. I notice my mother blush and helped him up. Dad turned twords me and asked, "Who are you?" "I am Nienna." "Nienna do you know how to use the sword by your side?" Father said scornfully. He doesn't believe I can use the sword, two he doesn't even notice who the sword is, I thought. "Yes of course, why else would I wear it? If it's a challenge you want it's a challenge you'll get." I said as I unsheathed my blade. "Very well, I accept your challenge." We squared off in the hall, it was a brilliant fight but I knew more tricks then he could guess. In the end I won. I was shown to my rooms. Taking a bath never felt so good. It felt weird not being able to call my mom and dad by those names.