Boromir left briefly to talk with some of the other men. He told her he understood, and even though his situation differed form hers, he felt the same way. Mary's memories were disturbed by the soldiers fitting arrows into their bows. The ground tremored slightly with the stomping feet of the approaching soldiers. Mary fit an arrow into her bow, but hesitated to draw it. They were so close now; the troops of Rohan and Gondor had assembled in front of Edoras' wall, mounted on great horses. The stomping continued until they came just pass shooting distance of Edoras. A man in front, whom Mary assumed to be the leader, raised his hand in signal to halt. It was dead silent and the gut wrenching feeling in Mary's stomach grew as the atmosphere tensed. It seemed like an eternity before the head leader let out a cry, echoed by the rest of the enemy soldiers; charging swiftly towards them. Cries erupted from the men of Gondor and Rohan, and Mary let out one of her own. Arrows rained down from the tall walls of Edoras, some of the charging men fell, trampled by horses. Upon this first assault, the defenders of Rohan sped out to meet the enemy on horses; spears extended in front of them. From her place upon the wall, Mary could make out Boromir in front of the charging soldiers; he quickly speared three men already and was fighting well. She quickly snapped her attention back to the fields and shot down at the closest enemy to her, hitting him under the arm where the armour was weak; causing him to fall from his horse. But soon both troops mixed together in battle, and Mary could no longer distinguish her fellow soldiers from the enemy. Scanning the crowd for easy targets she spotted Boromir, a mounted soldier knocked him off his horse with the end of his spear; sending him flying to the ground. "BOROMIR!" Mary screamed above the crashing of swords and battle cries. Throwing her bow to the ground, Mary sprinted down the gate stairs. Luckily Tilion had stayed where she left him; heaving herself onto his back Mary unsheathed her sword and galloped towards the gates. But of course they were closed and Mary cursed herself for not realizing this sooner. Mary searched her brain for a way out, and remembered the river they had passed when they first entered Edoras. Of course! The river flowed through Edoras and met the plains, and further on, the Entwash. So it must lead out somewhere! Charging off at full speed Mary found the thin river and followed it south. She soon came to an archway in the surrounding wall, sealed by metal bars. "Come on boy!" She cried at her horse, directing him towards the arch. Tilion seemed to understand, and whinnied loudly; rearing on his back hooves and kicking down two metal bars. Mary punched her fist into the air and let out a triumphant yell as she rode through the opening. Following the side of the wall, she soon met up at the battle and didn't hesitate charging into the bloody crowd. Mary slew a man who had slashed his sword at her as she rode though the fighting crowd, shaking the blood of her sword. Frantically she searched the crowd for Boromir. Please don't be dead, please don't be dead. Close in front of her she spotted a man fighting by sword on foot, struggling to avoid being trampled; Boromir. She dug her heels into Tilion's side urging him to go faster. Grabbing his hand, she grunted as she pulled Boromir up onto her horse in mid-gallop; slicing his attacker with her sword as she rode by. "Mary!" Boromir yelled from behind her. "What are you doing here?" "Saving your butt!" She called back. "Now help me!" Boromir raised his sword and sliced down enemy soldiers as she rode through the crowd, forcing a pathway. Together Mary and Boromir made a good team. Mary focused more on steering Tilion, occasionally slicing down a few men, and Boromir focused more on the killing; considering he was more trained in battle anyways. When Boromir went to spear a mounted enemy soldier, the man caught him with his sword across the arm, causing Boromir to lose his balance. But Mary knocked the man off his gorse with her sword and grabbed Boromir's arm; hauling him up. "Boromir lose some weight!" She grunted, struggling to pull him firmly upright on the horse. "I am not overweight," Boromir said, almost pouting, as he sat up. "Sure you're not," Mary retorted sarcastically, followed with a laugh. Just then a great horn sounded, and the enemy's soldiers turned and galloped away. The ones on foot did not survive long, and from the men of Gondor and Rohan erupted cheers of victory. Edoras had not been breached, the people were safe. Boromir yelled a cheer of his own and laughed along with Mary. "How is defying the rules and travelling on this journey to fight coming along?" Boromir joked. Mary remembered the first time he had said that to her, it was the night before they had shared a blanket. Smiling, Mary replied "Tolerable," as she had before. "So now what?" she asked after the noise of cheers had died down. "We just go back?" "Yes…" Boromir paused, picking her up bridal-style and hopping down from the horse. "Will your parents be worried?" She shrugged. "Probably, but it doesn't really matter. I fought, and we won. And I… I met you," Mary smiled up into his grey eyes. "And having met you is the greatest victory I could have asked for," he smiled back, then leaned in and kissed her softly, but passionately. Mary leaned her head into his chest, and too tired to walk, let his carry her back through the battle field; back home, back to a life with Boromir she never expected, but would love every minute of.