mouth. Erestor sucked on it, imagining it was Glorfindel's hardened member instead. When he released the warrior, Glorfindel attacked Erestor's neck again, this time sucking in the flesh. It burned and pulsed where Erestor was sure he would be left with a purple welt, not unlike the one he gifted to Fin. Both elves were losing themselves quickly, as they continued stroking each other and nipping at their flesh. The fire crackled as pockets of moisture in the wood sizzled and popped. A thin glaze of sweat broke out over their bodies, their masculine scent mixing with the incense, and the taste of cloves and cinnamon dancing on their tongues. Their hands continued pumping in rhythm, fast and then slow, as they tried to outdo the other, and knowing the first one to come would lose the wager. Erestor wasn't sure how much longer he could hold out, but he knew he couldn't let go of Fin or Fin would finish him off. It was erotic torture trying not to spill while trying to make the other lose all will power. Erestor thought he had the advantage until Glorfindel's other hand dipped and caressed his entrance. Now Fin was playing unfairly, but Erestor had a free hand too. Still, Fin had longer arms, and he managed to move so that he had the better position, fingertip teasing just inside. He would never be able to hold back now, and increased his hand's rhythm on Glorfindel's cock. It pulsed and jumped, and Erestor smiled internally. Fin was about to come in his hand and then he could spill his own essence. Just another moment was all he needed, as he felt Glorfindel's ballocks tighten like a cannon getting ready to fire its shot. But then, Glorfindel shifted again, and his finger dipped inside Erestor while his other hand pumped in irresistible rhythm. Erestor tried to think of anything to distract his mind, but it was not working. He pumped Glorfindel's shaft at the tip, knowing how sensitive it was at that moment. Fin moaned in Erestor's ear, but instead of feeling like he was about to be victorious, Glorfindel's hot breath and salacious moan pushed his own desire further to completion. "By the gods, Glorfindel!" "Erestor, you'll undo me!" They cried out simultaneously. They also released together at the same exact moment of euphoria. Their essence spilled between them, their hips gyrating against each other, hands still sliding up and down, but now covered in wet warmth. Then, they linked their fingers together, caressing each other as though they were one entity. They rested their foreheads together and looked down. Both elves laughed as they tried to catch their breaths. "We've made a mess of each other," Erestor chortled. "It's a draw," Glorfindel added with humor. "Not even with sex can we outdo the other, but I'll tell you this." Glorfindel paused and took a few deep breaths. "I've never tried so hard not to come in all my long life, so I will forfeit. We will live together at your home, but I get to have a weapons room, even if I have to add one on." He kissed Erestor hard, almost taking the counselor's breath away, and then said, "I may be strong in a lot of ways, but with you, Meldanya, I am weak." "That's good to know," Erestor said. "Because I'm not done with you yet." Something happened as Glorfindel relinquished the wager. Erestor felt his power over his lover and it was intoxicating. He hardened almost immediately, pushing himself against Glorfindel's hip. Glorfindel glanced down. "You never cease to amaze me, Counselor." Erestor's eyes had turned dark with lust as they gazed upon Glorfindel. "You … the divan … now," he commanded. Fin did not resist, but he gave a deviant smile. A week later the two elves were enjoying their first morning together in their shared home. They sat on the veranda, sipping tea, as Glorfindel pointed out the scenery. Erestor was never so content. They had compromised pretty well, he thought, and they didn't have to build on to the place. Erestor allowed Glorfindel to convert his library into a joining of books and weapons. Any empty spaces now held knives and swords or pieces of armor. They strategically placed wall sconces to illuminate the brilliant metals and jeweled pommels of Glorfindel's prized sword collection. Erestor's books remained where they were, in book shelves or displayed on tables. It actually all came together wonderfully, and it reflected their relationship … a scholar and a soldier … brains and brawn. Best of all was waking every day in Glorfindel's arms. "See," Erestor said proudly. "Isn't this much better than your little home down by the training grounds? It has everything we need and more." "Yes," Glorfindel answered. "Once again, you were right. And you got your way, too, but there's just one small thing. . ." "What?" Erestor said, looking irritated. "You have the right side of the bed, and that's the same side that I have always slept on. I'm not used to being on the left. Since you won the wager, could you find it within your kind heart to trade?" Erestor laughed and smiled slyly. "I'll fuck you for it." Glorfindel grinned and rolled his eyes mockingly. "Ai, I've created a beast." Erestor went to Glorfindel and slapped him on the arse. "Did you just roll your eyes at me, Lord Glorfindel?" He gathered a fist full of Fin's tunic and pulled him along behind as they entered the house. "Come along and face your punishment." Then Erestor glanced over his shoulder, a sultry look in his eyes. "But I'm afraid it won't be swift. It will be a long, drawn out torture." Glorfindel took Erestor by the hips and pushed him towards the bedroom. "Good, that's just the kind I look forward to." They disappeared into the bed chamber, closing the door behind them, and closing out the world around them.