he saw some of the looks the others gave him for his boldness, he added hastily, "You need not answer captain, I am merely curious." "It means hope in Sindarin, the main elven tongue." Said Legolas, answering for Thorongil. "But Thorongil is a fitting name." Thorongil didn't seem overly pleased with Legolas. He scowled, deterring anyone who wished to inquire further. It seemed the more we found out about Thorongil the less we knew, we were always left with more questions than answers. Why Estel? Why have a name meaning hope in the elven tongue? Then it clicked, he had said, "Today is the day hope was born." He was referring to himself after all. Still it was strange. My attention was brought back to the present time and place when Legolas presented Thorongil, or Estel, with the package. "Birthday presents!" He exclaimed gleefully. "Birthday presents?" Said Thorongil, sounding confused. "Why? From whom?" "Because it's your birthday, you dolt. You clearly don't get enough presents out in the wilds." Said Legolas. We formed a loose semi-circle around Thorongil, to watch him open his package. The captain was not someone easily pitied… but I almost pitied him for how surprised and grateful he looked to have received not only company and an old friend's visit for his birthday, but presents. I had to agree with the elf, he clearly didn't receive enough. I could see some of the others thinking the same thing, and I knew next year he would have presents aplenty. The steward, Ecthelion, might even be convinced to throw a small party, and if word got out Thorongil would have more presents than he knew what to do with, so beloved a captain was he. But he had never told us the date of his birth, nor had we thought to ask. Thorongil opened the scarf that was holding the bundle together, and we saw there were several letters and a few small packages. Perhaps we would soon find out who sent them. Starting on the packages Thorongil started opening the presents. His first acquisition was a bag of pipe-weed, which he pronounced as being from the shire, and quite fine stuff at that. "Who is this from Legolas? I know you hate my smoking." He asked. "I do indeed. That's from Mithrandir, who wishes you a happy birthday. He says he figures you might want a good smoke, though it is beyond me to see how you could benefit from inhaling smoke and foul fumes." Replied the elf. When all the packages were opened Thorongil had also some elven waybread which I learned was called Lembas that was from Legolas and that he promised to share later, a new dagger and sheath courtesy of "The Twins", who I found out were his brothers, and lastly a pair of warm winter mittens, from his mother apparently. Thorongil moved on to opening the letters. Despite our urgings to read them out loud, he refused and read only small passages. The first letter he opened was from his brothers, the next from a man called Halbarad, of whose letter he would read very little. On picking up the third, he paused. "This… it's from Ada?" He asked, seemingly confused and disbelieving. "It is indeed. Does that surprise you?" Said Legolas. Thorongil nodded and opened the letter. He could not stop a broad smile from creeping over his face as he read the letter. It was brief but we could see that it brought him great joy to read it. I asked the man beside me if he knew who, or what "Ada" was, and found out it meant father in elvish. Somehow, I had never pictured Thorongil as having parents… though I guess I must have known he did, or had at least hat them at some point. But as to why he would be so surprised and happy to have received a letter from his father was beyond me. Something caught my eye, looking at Thorongil. Was he… he could not be… surely he was not… crying? Tears of joy streamed down Thorongil's face. He turned to his friend, and said simply, "He forgives me." "Of course he does mellon-nin. He always loved you, even when he was… upset." Thorongil didn't seem sure about that, but didn't comment. He reached for the next, and final letter, and again paused upon reading the name of the sender. Legolas smiled. He had purposely put this one at the bottom of the pile, saving the best for last. "Surprised Estel?" He asked in a teasing tone. Wordlessly, Thorongil nodded. He seemed to be completely speechless, something I did not think possible. He tore open the letter both carefully and eagerly, as if its contents were of utmost value. Perhaps they were, I could not know. I had never seen Thorongil as happy as when he had opened the letter from his father, and his smile was somehow twice as bright now. Instead of folding the letter up and tucking it in his pack when he finished he placed this one almost reverently inside his coat pocket. I had a feeling that this would be one letter that would not suffer from lack of reading. I could only guess at what it said, as he had not shared any of it, and I could see the other men of the company were curious too. But we held our tongues, far be it from any of us to ruin this moment with ill-timed curiosity. "Thank you Legolas. Thank you so much." Said Thorongil. "Nay, thank rather Arwen the next time you see her, for I believe it was that particular letter that made your day was it not?" Replied Legolas. If I hadn't known it was impossible I would have sworn I saw my Captain blush faintly. "I would not have had any presents or letters without you, my friend. Thank you." "Happy Birthday Estel, or should I say, Thorongil." Said Legolas. "Happy Birthday."