little fellow down," Glorfindel replied with a laugh. "That fellow is a lady, and I can't just leave her on the street. Maybe I should ask around in some of the shops, see if she belongs to anyone." Glorfindel walked up to Erestor and petted the pup. "I'd say she's yours. Obviously she trusts you or she would not have fallen asleep in your arms so easily." "She was frightened," Erestor rebutted. "And you know how often puppies sleep." Glorfindel reached out for the pup, and Erestor handed her over. "She's very soft isn't she?" said Glorfindel. "Yes, she is." Erestor caressed the furry paw, and the small toes stretched as the pup moaned in her sleep. A smile escaped the corner of Erestor's mouth. Glorfindel watched silently as Erestor's hard exterior softened a bit, "We could take her back to Rivendell and—" the elf lord started to suggest when he was interrupted. "Hey, Mister, have you seen—" A young boy emerged from an alleyway, pausing when he saw Erestor was an elf. "Oh, beg your pardon, Sir. I meant no disrespect." "None taken," Erestor answered. The boy saw Glorfindel holding the puppy. "I see you found her. She got away from me this morning, and I was afraid something terrible might have happened. She gets in trouble a lot." Erestor raised a speculative brow at Glorfindel. "Trouble you say? Just what I need." Glorfindel handed the puppy to the boy, and gave her one more rub behind the ear. "I was merely making a suggestion." The boy, seeing a possible chance for profit, spoke quickly. "I have a litter of six pups. If this one doesn't seem to match your needs, perhaps one of the others will. They'll grow up to be excellent hunting dogs … part of the hound family, I believe." Glorfindel got down on his knee, eye level to the boy. "Do you know what breed they are?" "No, Sir. Found 'em in the crawl space under an abandoned cabin not far from town. They were just weaned, lucky for them. Found their mother in the woods, or what was left of her. Wolves I think. Anyways, they were hungry … not knowing how to find food on their own yet. I brought them back here, fed 'em, and now I'm looking for homes for them." "That was very noble of you," said Erestor. "I'm sure your mother was pleased." His tone was laced with sarcasm, but the boy frowned. "I don't have a mother. She died last year," the boy answered sadly. "And your father?" asked Glorfindel. The boy shook his head. "He just never got over mum's dying. I haven't seen him in three months." "And what do you do for food and shelter?" asked Erestor, concerned. "Oh, I've an uncle … well, that's what I call him. He's a friend of my pa's. Set me up as best he could in his shed. It's warm enough and there's food. He leaves me some before he goes off to do the day's work. That's where the rest of the pups are, if you're interested. I'll sell one to you real cheap." The boy stopped and turned his eyes to the ground at his feet. "I would give you one, but I'd like to help my uncle with my share of things. You know, for taking me in and all." The boy's story was breaking Erestor's heart, and when he glanced at Glorfindel, he could see the elf lord was affected too. Sterling blue eyes looked back at Erestor, pleading with him to take the pup and help the boy. Erestor nodded and reached into a pouch that hung at his side. He pulled out a gold coin and handed it to the boy. The child smiled wide and started to hand the pup to Erestor. "She's yours then, Sir, and I thank you very much." Erestor shook his head, and Glorfindel frowned. "I'm sure she is very sweet, but I really have no time for a pet right now. But you take the money and use it for you and your uncle … and the rest of the litter. Hopefully it will be enough until you can find good homes for them, and perhaps your father will return by then." "Thank you, Sir, that's very kind. It will help us tremendously. Thank you, thank you," said the boy excitedly. The two elves watched the boy disappear down the street, the puppy bouncing along side. Then they turned and made their way to the stables to retrieve their horses and head back to Rivendell. As they went, Erestor could feel Glorfindel's eyes burning a hole in the side of his head. "What," he finally said. "Do you think I made a bad decision to give the boy money? Do you think he made it all up?" "No," Glorfindel answered. "I do not doubt his story, but I doubt your decision not to take the pup." Erestor made a face. "Why are you so insistent about it?" "I saw you Erestor. You fell for that little bundle as soon as you picked her up. And you have an uncanny need to take care of things. You would have made a good father," Glorfindel chuckled. Erestor huffed and walked a little faster, but Glorfindel's long strides kept pace with him. They reached the stables in silence, mounted their horses and prepared to leave, but Glorfindel stopped them. "Are you sure you don't want the dog?" Erestor set his face like stone and answered. "I'd rather adopt the boy. At least I could put him to work." His features softened, and he allowed a smile to escape. "Alright, I'll admit that for a mangy, undernourished, furry ball of fleas, she was very sweet, and I'm sure she'll make a good companion … for someone else." A mischievous looked crossed Glorfindel's face. "Good, that's all I wanted to hear you say." With that they set a course for Rivendell.