what was left of an oak, long dead with only about ten feet of the trunk left standing. The first thing I noticed were all the holes and broken arrows protruding from it. I swung around to ask Messel what this was, when Corweth made the unmistakable sound of a whippoorwill. "Captain, if you'd so kindly step to the–" Messel called again, just as something whizzed by my left ear. It was so close, I felt the hairs at my temple move. Too late, I fell to one knee, turned and looked up. There was a new arrow embedded in the dead tree trunk with a thin rope attached to it. My eyes followed the rope to the other side of the rapids, and there I saw a pair of elvish guards tying their end of the rope to another tree. "What … in the name of Eru … was that?" I complained, having come close to death. "I was almost shot!" "Next time listen to my sister," Corweth said coolly, as she loosed the rope from the arrow and began tying it around the tree. If I didn't know better, I would have thought she wanted me to get stuck with an arrow through my head. I got up and dusted the dirt from my leggings, trying to control my ire. Meanwhile, Messel was rummaging around in the nearby bushes. At least I thought that's what she was doing. What I thought was a bush was actually a blanket of some sort. It looked like magic from where I was standing, as the elleth whipped the blanket away, revealing a rowboat. "What was that?" I asked curiously. "That is a camouflaging quilt. It's made of a very rare thread. There's only four like it in all of Middle-earth. It's similar to a looking glass, picking up the reflection of its surroundings," Messel said. She bunched up the material and stuffed it into the front of the boat. I went to the boat and helped the women drag it to the edge of the river. Now I could see what their plan was. We would stand in the boat, and use the rope to pull ourselves across the raging river. "Why do you cross here and not where the water is more calm?" I wondered. "The river flows like this for miles both ways. This is the shortest distance between shores. The quick paced water ensures Mirkwood's safety. Nothing can cross it. The quilt hides the boat from anyone who might try, and sentries are stationed here to make sure no one does." "Why not just place guards along here?" I asked, as we climbed into the boat and started our way across the river. It was not an easy way to go, but with the three of us pulling our way, we went fairly fast. "We don't have enough people to spare. Besides, the river is more than efficient for protecting this part of the kingdom," Messel answered. She gave me a stern glare. "Whatever you do, Captain, don't let the water–" "Orcs!" yelled the sentries on the other side of the river. I turned back to the bank we pushed off from, just in time to see three orcs run out from the cover of the trees. Instantly, I reached for my bow, but Corweth stopped me. "Keep us anchored to the crossing rope. Messel and I will take care of the orcs." At that exact moment, one of the orcs produced an axe and stomped towards the old dead tree. His yellow teeth flashed just before he swung his weapon, cutting the rope. It went limp and our boat started moving with the fast current. I still had it in my hand, and I knew it was the only thing that would keep us from floating downstream. "I've got this, you shoot the orcs," I called to the women. "Rúmil, no!" Messel panicked. "You can't hold it with your bare hands. The current is too strong. It will–" But too late I realized my mistake. The current grabbed the boat and it went swiftly along the river. Once we reached the end of the rope, it slid across the palms of my hands, feeling like instant fire. Rope burn, I thought, but I knew I couldn't let go. Corweth and Messel were firing arrows at the orcs, as well as the sentries. The orcs were firing back, but the elves had the advantage in numbers. While they battled, I ignored the pain in my hands and pulled with all my might, trying to reel the boat to the shore. It was almost too painful, and I was losing my grip. Suddenly, I felt a hard punch to my thigh that knocked me towards the side of the boat, and I stumbled. My right hand slipped and I felt the icy water below, but caught myself before I fell overboard. I looked at my leg, and saw a black arrow protruding from it. At the same time, I began to feel very dizzy and sleepy. The first thing I thought was that the arrow was poisoned. "Messel!" I yelled to get her attention. Messel turned to me and saw the arrow. Then she saw the wet sleeve of my tunic, and yelled to her sister. "Damn it! He's touched the water! Rúmil is losing consciousness!" "Grab the rope!" Corweth yelled back, and Messel acted fast. I couldn't understand why she didn't mention the arrow in my leg. That seemed much more important than a soaked sleeve. It was only water. And why was I suddenly so tired? My eyes closed involuntarily. I tried to speak, to tell the women that I'd been poisoned. Surely they would know to check the wound for signs. No words escaped my lips. As a matter of fact, I couldn't get my lips to move at all. Sleep overwhelmed me. So … tired … need to … … rest. ZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzz . . .