adjusted his position as Glorfindel entered. This was the best possible place to be, beneath his golden lover, legs in the air, face to face with this beautiful elf. And then there was the pair of boots, grasping onto Glorfindel's skin, and giving Erestor more leverage. He dug his heels in, which seemed to excite Fin, who then increased his rhythm, striking Erestor again and again in that one glorious spot. The scent of the new leather mixed with the red willow incense and the musk of Erestor's earlier release, a drunken mixture with their heightened senses, and one that would burn itself into memory. Erestor grasped a fistful of Fin's hair, pulled him down and devoured his mouth, exchanging moans of pleasure. This made Glorfindel push down, deeper to that point of no return, an explosion of sensory overload. Every muscle rigid, every inch of skin alive and tingling, warmth spreading deep within, pulsating, flexing, hard as steel. They forgot to breathe, and only did so when their senses returned, sharing each other's breath. Bodies damp with perspiration from the fire within the hearth and the fire within themselves. Yet, the boots clung to Glorfindel's skin, as though fused from the heat they created. Finally, the elf lovers collapsed, muscles relaxing, softening within the warmth. Glorfindel slipped from Erestor's body, eased the booted feet back to the rug, and took up his usual spot next to Erestor. The counselor turned to his side, draped an arm over Fin's chest, and contoured to his lover's side. After a few moments of recovery, Erestor laughed in a huff of breath. "Now I know why you brought me riding boots." Glorfindel laughed heartily, "Oh, Erestor, I do love your sense of humor, but I don't need boots to enjoy that kind of ride … although I wouldn't say no if we did that again." He took up a strand of Erestor's braided black hair and twirled it in his fingers. "Actually, when I gave them to you, I was going to ask you to accompany me on my next adventure. I'll be gone for a long while, and the thought of not having you with me was too much." Gone for a while, Erestor thought, tossing the names of different places around in his head, "Are we going to Gondor? Or perhaps Ithilien? I hear that most of the gardens have been restored to their original beauty. I'd dearly love to see it as it once was." "Not Gondor or Ithilien, though that is a good guess," Glorfindel hinted. "Lothlórien?" Erestor guessed again. It was not as far as Gondor, but one could forget the days as they quietly passed in the Golden Wood. "Not Lothlórien either," Glorfindel answered. "And not Lindon, though I know how you long to visit the seaside town." Running out of choices, Erestor gave up and began tracing his finger in a circle around Fin's nipple. "Tell me then, or shall I force out the answer." "Mmm, I like the idea of a challenge, Meldanya," Glorfindel moaned, enjoying the caress of Erestor's feather light touch upon his chest. "I can endure as much pain or pleasure as you think it will take to get me to speak." Erestor smiled deviously, "Is that so?" He stretched until his mouth was at Glorfindel's nipple, took it in his teeth, and pulled until the elf lord gasped. Glorfindel looked down and watched his lover give his glorious torture, all the excitement of their earlier coupling returning quickly. "Alright, I'll tell you. We are going to Mirkwood." Erestor released the tender pebbling skin and glanced up at Fin. "Mirkwood? Why Mirkwood?" He was a little disappointed. The wood elven city held no charm as did the other realms. It was dark and dank, and still smelled of decay. Once a beautiful green forest, it had fallen to evil magic where creatures of one's worst nightmares dwelled. After the Ring war, the enemy was vanquished, but the damage had been done, and it would take years for the Rhovanion to recover. This news also vanquished his appetite for their love games, and Erestor slid from Glorfindel's chest, coming to rest at his side. Fin rolled onto his side and propped his head on his hand. "I know it is not exactly what you must have had in mind." "No, not at all," Erestor said disappointedly. "But I have received news from the Lord and Lady of Lothlórien. There is to be a celebration at King Thranduil's home." Erestor looked curiously at Fin. "Lothlórien and Mirkwood … celebrating? In the same place at the same time?" This came as a surprise. It was a well-known fact that these two elvish races did not get along very well. "The Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn have declared that Mirkwood shall be restored and renamed. The wood will once again thrive as it did, lush and green and full of life," Glorfindel informed. "And we have been invited to join in the celebration." Erestor stared up at the ceiling, pondering this information. "Huh, imagine that. Thranduil, Galadriel and Celeborn in the same room together. That's something that I thought I'd never see while I still dwelled on these shores. So, when do we leave?" "In two days' time, if that is alright with you," Fin answered. He rolled on top of Erestor, pinning him to the floor again. "You are giving me a choice this time?" Erestor asked. Usually, the elf lord dictated when and where they were going. Glorfindel grinded his hips against his lover, "Well, I thought you might need time to break in those boots before making the long journey." He positioned himself upon Erestor's long form. "Oh, I think two days is plenty of time to break them in. Besides, we've already gotten a head start," Erestor said as he brought his booted feet up, wrapping them around Fins back once more. Glorfindel moaned. "Mmm, we most certainly have, Meldanya." ***THE END***