could hear the light chatter begin to cease as the other elves witnessed the display of affection in front of the hearth. There was no more hiding, but there seemed to be no reason any more. Glorfindel did indeed love him. The doubts subsided, replaced with assuredness. Erestor brought his hands to Glorfindel's waist and the two stood in an embrace. The counselor smiled. "If you're going to kiss me while everyone watches, then make it count." Glorfindel laughed. "Oh, how I do love you, Erestor." He kissed the brown haired ellon then, with all his love poured into it. Erestor responded equally. They forgot about their audience, and let the spontaneity of the moment whisk them away to another world. Someone whistled and another called out. "Is this what has become of Imladris?" Surprised by the whistle and the voice, Erestor broke the kiss, and looked out towards the group of ellyn. He knew that voice and hadn't heard it in a very long time. "Elrohir?" he called out. The crowd separated as two identical elves walked down the center of the hall, the Imladris twins, Elrohir and Elladan, sons of Lord Elrond. They were difficult to tell apart at times, but Erestor knew. Both had the classic long black hair and fair skin of the Noldor, tall, handsome, and mischievous. They were fierce deadly warriors, and together they were unstoppable. They kept the lands of Rivendell safe from orcs and other enemies. Elrohir and Elladan spent most of their time out on patrol, living off the lands, and they always came back with new tales of their adventures. Erestor had been their friend for a very long time, and always looked forward to their visits. Erestor smiled, but he did not release his arm from Glorfindel's waist. "Elladan, Elrohir, you are back!" Seeing that they needed this moment for each other, Glorfindel pulled away from Erestor, which did not go unnoticed by the counselor. He instantly missed the feel of his touch, but only for a moment as the twins embraced their friend. "Erestor," Elrohir sang. "It has been far too long." "We've missed you," Elladan chimed in. "And all of your useless information." "I bet you have, you rascals. This is quite unexpected," Erestor glanced over his shoulder. Glorfindel was gone, but not far. He was joining the others who came for the meeting. Elrohir nodded with a gesture towards Glorfindel. "So, what it this?" "What?" Erestor said mockingly. Elladan reached out and straightened the collar of Erestor's tunic, which had become rumpled from the embrace with Glorfindel. "He means, what did we just witnessed when we came in, the kiss … Glorfindel … in front of all these elves. Who are you and what have you done with Erestor?" he jested. Erestor turned scarlet. "What does it look like?" Elrohir put his hand on Erestor's shoulder. "We will not harass you, but we have never known you to be affectionate in front of a crowd, least of all with an ellon, and surprisingly with Glorfindel. When did this happen?" "Only within the past few months. It's still new. He's quite boisterous and arrogant. I like quietness and order. We disagree more than we agree. It will probably never work," he said bluntly, as if it were no more than a fling. The twins would jostle him if he told them his true feelings for Glorfindel. "Sounds like you were made for each other," Elrohir said and patted his friend's shoulder firmly. That wasn't so painful, Erestor thought. Sometimes the twins could be relentless. Time to quickly change the subject, "So, I hadn't expected to see either of you for a while." "We weren't expecting to come back yet," answered Elrohir. "We were on the trail of a group of orcs, and might have caught up to them if Estel hadn't stopped us," Elladan said, finishing for his twin brother. Erestor looked surprised. "Estel is here, in Imladris? Does your father know?" "Yes," Elladan answered. "And he is none too happy, but tolerant." Erestor glanced past the twins. He did not see Estel within the group, though he did see many members of Elrond's House, as well as Lastar. He wondered if his apprentice witnessed the kiss. Surely that would put an end to any misgivings. Erestor drew his brows together, and brought his attention back to his friends. "Estel is not here for this meeting?" Estel was the adopted son of Lord Elrond. He was a human, a Numenorean, blessed with long life. He was also very much in love with Elrond's daughter, Arwen, and the Lord of Imladris was not pleased with this predicament. Elrohir nodded. "Today's meeting is for Father's closest advisors and chiefs, as well as the heads of staff. Estel is not needed until the gathering." "Gathering? Gathering of what?" "Father calls for a counsel in which all races will be represented," Elrohir answered. Elladan stepped forward. "Men, Dwarves and Elves, all shall congregate here in a month's time. Erestor, something has been found, a weapon of the enemy. It is here, kept secret for now until the others arrive. This is the reason we are all here now. We shall say no more, but we thought you should know before the meeting gets underway." "Yes, thank you for telling me," Erestor answered. Forgetting about the twins, he looked back towards the entrance where everyone gathered. Glorfindel was standing next to Elrond, but he was watching Erestor across the distance. The elf lord smiled slightly, and Erestor replied with his own. Funny, he thought, how Glorfindel disappeared for a week, and now all of this was unraveling. Perhaps now, Fin would tell him why and where he had gone. If he had had his doubts earlier, at least now he was positive, Fin was not a philanderer. He had indeed been out on an errand, but whatever he brought back with him may be far worse than anything Erestor could have imagined.