this defense, that you worry about what others might think." "Of course I worry. That's my job right? Out of the two of us, I was always the worrier, remember?" Sam made a sound like laughing, exhaled and shrugged. "But I think you're right Frodo. I guess I'm afraid what others might say. Not only are we both lads, but even a simple lad falling in love with a noble lady is frowned upon. I guess you are above me in some ways." "Do you think that Sam? That I am above and superior to you?" "Of course not! I guess in some ways you are, but you are my friend-" Sam blushed. "I mean you are- We- I mean-" Sam stuttered and his face became even redder. Frodo laughed and stroked Sam's cheek. He looked at him with that look Sam adored. Like when he had dropped his little box of spices, and asked Frodo to catch it. The look he gave him, when he told him the contents of the box, could always make his heart flutter. A sweet and innocent smile. "Then what does it matter what everyone else thinks? If you want, we can keep it secret. I mean we are already living together and no one is raising any questions about that." Frodo suggested. "You would do that for me?" "You would do anything for me Sam, why should I not be able to do this for you?" Sam cried out and embraced Frodo, putting his head on his shoulder. Frodo laughed and returned the hug. "I would Frodo, I would. Let's do this, let's give this a shot. I want it; you have no idea about how long I've wanted this." Sam sniffed. Frodo could only laugh at his antics. From then on Frodo and Sam had a secret relationship, one that went beyond that of friendship. They were discreet, and no one suspected that the owner of Bag End and his gardener had started this affair. The other hobbits could not know that when the lights in the windows of Bag End darkened at night, Sam and Frodo would not step into separate rooms to retire for the night, but lie together cocooned in each other's arms. When they went to The Green Dragon with Merry and Pippin, they would not hold hands under the table, but their eyes would lock onto each other longer than normal. Merry and Pippin had noticed this, but never mentioned it, and what was really to mention? They slowly became merrier than they had been in the past months, and Merry and Pippin suspected that their arrangement – of Sam moving into Bag End – had worked out. They did not risk heated kisses outside the walls of Bag End and its garden. Not even in the dark of the night outside The Green Dragon. One day, many months later, Rosie Cotton walked by Bag End. She saw Master Frodo walk out of the front door, a tray with two glasses and a pitcher filled with lemonade, in his hands. He sat the tray down on the bench near the door, and just as he sat down Sam came around the corner of the smial and walked over to him. Rosie noticed the way Frodo looked at Sam, it was like he looked at the most beautiful sight in Middle earth. And it was a sight indeed. He had sweaty skin, from working in the garden and a healthy glow around him. Some places in his hair, small twigs stuck out, and Rosie suspected that he had been trimming the trees in the garden. His smile brightened when he saw Frodo on the bench. "For me?" He asked, pointing at the lemonade. "For us, Sam. I thought I would join you on your break." Frodo said with a smile. Before Rosie could witness more of the scene, she had to turn a corner in the road. Finally looking away from the pair, Rosie smiled to herself. She walked for a while by herself, thinking about the scene she had witnessed. She had noticed the looks Sam had been giving her at The Green Dragon, before he had went away with Frodo, Merry and Pippin on their adventure. Now, though, she couldn't remember those eyes and that stare ever being directed at her. Instead it had now turned towards his friend Frodo. Rosie had seen a thing or two, being at the inn for so many years. She had also felt the burning in her neck from several other eyes during her time there, but it was not often that she acted on them. She had to be professional, if her customer became her lover, it would surely do bad to her business, as she always had to seem available, but still avoid being so. It could make men jealous, and Rosie had seen firsthand what jealousy and alcohol together in large amounts could do. Seeing Sam's gaze being directed at Frodo, made her smile. Not only because it wasn't directed at her anymore, but because she also had noticed Frodo's own gaze, during his frequenting at the Green Dragon with Sam. His was more discreet though, and Rosie was sure that she was the only hobbit, that had noticed him gazing at Sam, long before Sam started looking after Frodo. "What's got you smiling Sis? A young lad finally caught your eyes, hm?" Rosie's brother suddenly joined her on the road. He was carrying a heavy basket of firewood on his back. Rosie smiled at him. "No, not anything like that. It was nothing in particular." Rosie softly said. "Are you sure? You have a weird grin on your face. If I didn't know any better, I would say it was a lads doing." "Oh, you could say it is." Rosie whispered to herself, looking back in the direction of Bag End, but it was now far away and out of sight. "You could definitely say that."