other, more nasal and yet it also scared her to the bone. "We followed the tracks." A whispery hoarse voice stated "The girl should be around here somewhere." Ula curled into herself the icy water washing over her as she concealed herself further beneath the tree root. They had followed her, perhaps it was a good thing that she hadn't had time to climb a tree otherwise Billie, Elsa and Naomi would also be in trouble, better it was just one of them. Ula shivered violently as they water washed over her again, she hoped they'd move on soon but when she heard the crackling of a fire, she knew it was unlikely. Please someone help… OoOoOo Billie, Naomi and Elsa watched fearfully as Ula ran off, they held their breath as three hooded men appeared beneath them. One of them, the smallest with a nasally voice said "There's tracks leading that way." He pointed in the direction Ula had ran. Elsa almost screamed down at them but she stopped herself, if she did anything it would only endanger herself, Billie and Naomi. They breathed out in part relief and part horror as they watched the three figures trail after Ula. "Ula…" Elsa breathed out. Billie shook her head "We cant, we'll just endanger her and ourselves." Naomi and Elsa then watched as Billie climbed down the tree. "Where are you going?" Naomi hissed. "I need a piss and I aint gonna go in a tree." Billie said as though it was obvious. Naomi and Elsa glared "You could be endangering yourself." Billie rolled her eyes "Stay in the tree, don't worry I'll come back." Naomi and Elsa watched warily from where they sat on the branch as Billie got to the bottom of the tree, she waved up at them before she wandered in a different direction to where Ula and the three men had gone. OoOoOo Billie had lied. She hadn't needed a piss, she had gone looking for Ula, she had gone a longer way around but she had seen a fire being started and had seen the three men around it talking about Ula. They hadn't got her, she was glad. Billie moved away slowly from the three men and their fire, doubling back to where she had left Elsa and Naomi. But she heard two more men coming from somewhere. Billie stopped in her tracks. None of the trees around her were safe enough to climb or they were too smooth and she wouldn't be able to grip them. Her eyes widened in panic, she looked around her wildly before she darted to the left trying not to make too much noise considering there was at least five men unknowingly surrounding her. Billie ran and her heart leapt into her throat as she heard an overjoyed laugh behind her. "Well, well, well… look what we found here boys!" One of them said in an overly gleeful voice behind her. She gave up the pretence of quiet running and ran for her life. She didn't know if they had been speaking of her or Ula or one of the others but she no longer cared. They could kill her instead of her friends. Billie then fell face first into the ground as she heard an overjoyed laugh behind her which was filled with cruelty. She slowly turned around her eyes wide in her despair as she turned and looked into her pursuers eyes. OoOoOo Wren and Vanessa stumbled over roots and branches that were hidden by twigs and leaves covering the forest floor. "We should never have left Isla!" Vanessa cried as she fell for the hundredth time. Wren helped her up and didn't even try to refute Vanessa's claim. "Maybe she got outta there…" Vanessa continued "Maybe she's looking for us now." Wren still didn't say anything. She couldn't because she genuinely didn't believe Isla had gotten away and the guilt of leaving her behind was eating her up inside. "Yeah," Vanessa said with false confidence "That's gotta be it, right, Wren?" She red head looked to Wren for confirmation but the other girl merely shrugged. Vanessa huffed "You could at least try and have a conversation." Wren growled "And what do you want me to say?" "Anything!" Vanessa hissed. Wren glared at Vanessa "Do you want me to say I wish I hadn't left Isla behind? Or how about I wish she was in my place and I hers? Or maybe that the guilt is practically eating me up inside? Or that if I think of her my mind starts going to every worse possible scenario that I hope isn't true?!" Wren was shouting by the time she finished. Vanessa seemed to shrink into herself "I just wanted you to distract me." Wren's anger diminished at the sight of the insecure, grief stricken girl. "Sorry." Wren whispered quietly. Vanessa shrugged "No harm done." They both froze as they heard a voice then "I definitely heard the shouting from this direction." "Fuck!" Wren hissed, "Vanessa, go that way," Wren pointed in the opposite direction to the voices "I'll distract them." Vanessa shook her head, her eyes wide "No…" "Go, or they'll get us both… please." The last word was said in a desperate plea and it broke Vanessa's resolve "Find the others." Vanessa nodded tearfully as she ran off in the direction Wren had told her to go. Wren watched her leave sadly and sat down against the largest tree trunk. It was her fault Isla was either dead or worse, the least she could do was make sure Vanessa stayed alive even if it meant her death… or worse. Wren shuddered to think of what could possibly be worse but she stayed firm in her resolve to distract their pursuers, whatever their intention. OoOoOo Thank you for reading the prologue of 'The Midnight Haven' please leave a review of what you thought, constructive criticism is always welcome and I hope you enjoyed this chapter.