enemies, and their blood dripping from my sword in victory!" "That was rather violent," he slipped a nervous chuckle, "but do you not know? Many warriors die in battle!" "So? There, they die quickly in the name of the king; here I die slowly in the name of my father! How must I carry on like this!? What is the purpose of me living in such a manner where no one cares for me!?" she yelled and looked him in the eyes. He looked away immediately, sad and scared; for she did not know her words spoke lies. She did not know how much HE cared for her, how much HE enjoyed her company and her skills and her beautiful strong heart. His gaze was disturbed and she noticed, "What is wrong...? Have I said something to offend you?" she spoke softly in her sweet tone he craved to hear. "No," he cleared his throat, "nothing, everything is alright... but you know that if war were to come... I am the finest warrior in the village?" He smirked challengingly. "Of course..." she stepped closer to him, "everyone knows that..." she came closer to him, now there faces mere inches apart. Rúmil was taken slightly aback by her movement but continued speaking, "Even you couldn't beat me!" he jumped away with his hand positioned in the air as if holding a sword. He looked down at his belt, then back at his hand, where was his sword? "Can't fight without a weapon can ya'?" Priya swung the sword through her fingers swiftly, she then jumped at him with the sword pointing for his face, "kneel!" She joked. "Alright! I surrender!" He bent onto his knees with his hands behind his neck, "You are the best fighter in Artanis Lissësúl! Now give me my sword back!" He stood up and grabbed at it. "Ah, no," she smiled playfully. She saw his arms come towards his sword and quickly turned backwards and brought her leg up to kick him. Without hitting his face, she startled him and he fell backwards onto his hands and laughed. "Priya you are amazing! We don't learn moves like this from your father; you must teach me these fighting techniques some day!" He held his hand up and she grabbed it and brought him to his feet. "These are moves I created ON MY OWN! That's why he doesn't teach you them, I take what I learn and modify the steps to my difficulty. But for you I would surely teach a thing or two," she chuckled, handing him his sword back, "I saw your eyes fall to your sword earlier, that's how I knew what you were going to do..." she placed her hand on her hip. "Impressive... I bow down to you Priya daughter of Andúnë!" He sheathed his sword and began bowing on his knees. "Oh stop it!" She shoved him lightly and laughed. "I know I know, your father has never let you hold a real sword, you've had to deal with those wooden ones I carved for you. That's why you wanted my sword right?" He saw as she shifted uncomfortably at his question. Rúmil then gave her a light hug as she leaned onto a tree, "sorry," he whispered into her ear. He leaned on the tree in front of her once again and stared at Priya and how beautiful she looked in the moonlight. Alas, he sighed, she would never see them as more than friends, though he very much desired to be so much more; so much closer in her heart. Her dark hair and skin were setbacks to many, but he found them impeccable compared to any fair skinned woman. "But now it is late and I must be going, you too Rúmil. We will talk more tomorrow my friend," she hadn't seen him staring; instead she was looking at the moon and the sparkling stars. She loved gazing at the stars, they were beautiful things with so many untold secrets and stories, she loved the way they twinkled at night. She shook him from his thoughts and he nodded, they set off towards the village. As they reached the house where they split, she gave him another hug, "I will see you tomorrow my friend," she whispered before leaving. He saw her tall figure in her red dress walk off, he closed his eyes and could still feel her warm presence caress his body. He walked home slowly, swooned. Priya tossed and turned under her covers, a restless night was nothing new to her, she could hardly ever sleep. It had been about an hour since she had crept into her bed and yet sleep had not been given to her. She stared outside the window by her bed, once again marveling at the beauty of the glimmering stars in the night, thinking about what was beyond the borders of her village which she was never allowed to cross. She thought of kings, soldiers, lavish food, castles, different creatures, dwarves, men, and oh... Oh she smiled insanely at the thought of Elves. Oh their grace, how she longed to be in their presence, once, at least once! Aegnor had taught her songs in Elvish, as well as drawn countless pictures of them, and their peaceful ways were so delightful, though she longed to learn the unique calligraphy, Aegnor had not been taught it so she settled for many other enchanting Elven ways. He had told her so many stories of them, but she had not had one encounter with the creatures; she furrowed her eyebrows in anger. She closed her eyes and pictured an Elf, his delicate and slender figure, his amber, flaming hair and poised posture, ah, one day she had to meet them... she would long for the day when she could meet them. Finally, with beautiful thoughts, she was blessed with the gift of sleep at last. A/N: The next part is already up... :3