good," Thranduil praised again, "I see you have been practicing a lot. Are you able to draw your arrows from this position?" In demonstration, Legolas, without moving the bow, reached back over his shoulder and drew out a diminutive arrow from the equally diminutive quiver, nocking it in his bow string. "I am very impressed with how much you've learned in such a short a time. You do not even need to adjust your bow again before you draw. Go ahead then. Let's see your aim." The bow, small as it was, was supple and bent in accordance with the slight strength slowly drawing back the cocked elbow. In one smooth move, as the tip of the elbow met the tip of the ear, the draw ended and release sent the arrow spiraling toward the blank targets. It did not wibble wobble as most new archers arrows did, it flew straight and true, thudding into the dirt mound with a respectable thunk. Had there been a bull's-eye, Thranduil thought, his practiced eye measuring rings, it would have pierced the third inner circle. Apparently he was raising a fine archer. And then his son put four more arrows in a tight cluster around the first one. A very fine archer indeed. "We will see that you get a real target soon as may be, my son." Afternoon was fading into a twilit evening when at last Legolas was convinced to the quit the field. The merrymakers had long since left the hill, that that was perhaps because it was all but barren of snow by the time the trio passed it heading home. Even the puppy's tail was dragging in the snow and Thranduil scooped up both his juveniles, happy to oblige the tired pair as one snuggled a cold nose into his neck and the other laid a contented head upon his shoulder. Aiollda briefly considered changing shapes so she might walk beside father and son, and - just perhaps - hold the king's hand again. She had some educating of her own to do, though she would do no more than nudge nature's course along a little. In the interim, she was content to press her cold nose against the strong column of neck and memorize the scent of him. He smelled of the forest on an elemental level, as though he had been fashioned from the minerals that resided in the earth beneath their feet, and then layered all about with the scents of all living things that put roots into the earth or trod upon it, the rock that he had caused to be delved for his fortress, even the water that ran beneath the bridge to his home. In this incarnation, she could discern each of those scents individually; a bouquet of aromas sure to please a canine nose. She laughed silently at herself, ancient spirit that she was, and encouraged the glow of her imperishable flame to warm them all. Thranduil, his arms full, rubbed his chin first over his son's head, then the wolf pup's, contemplating the juxtaposition of youth and ancientness embodied in his son's guardian. Ingrained as he was in the quintessence of magick, the sorcery of the Changers eluded the unconscious personal perception present in all his dealings within his realm. Intellect informed him it went a step beyond the elemental engagement he felt with his forest. There was about the Changer, an aura of power much like he sensed in the old grey pilgrim who occasioned his halls. Mithrandir, too, was connected, even beyond an elemental level, to an authority only briefly glimpsed beneath the old man façade the wizard robed himself in. Does it intimidate you, my lord, imagining being intimate with a spirit clothed in flesh? I will not have this conversation with a puppy, nor will I have it in the vicinity of my son. Thranduil shut the doors of his mind with a peeved slam, though he could not shut out the deep, melodic feminine trill of laughter. It played along his nerve endings like a magician's fire, bright allure promising fulfillment without fee. That, he knew, was a patently false pledge. One did not play with fire without consequence. And he had not yet decided if he was ready to pay the price of furthering his own education. Yet he knew, in some indefinable fashion, that one day his partnership with grief would fade. The wound would likely be reopened again and again, he had little control over that, but it was inevitable that the intensity of the pain would fade with the passage of immortal time. It would be so for Legolas, too, and in time his son's song would fully reflect its melodic joy once again, though the deeper notes would always carry the hint of sorrow. For the Rodyn's Mettarë gift, be it dream or reality, of Legolas' visit with his mother - the gift that had broken the hold of the creeping Cold grafting itself onto his son's fëa - Thranduil would make every effort to hear and nurture the intention of the Song for his son's life. So long as it continued into immortality, for he would fight tooth and nail if it began to hint of yet more sacrifice. He and his kingdom had sacrificed oceans of blood already. He would not readily sacrifice his son. He cut off those thoughts purposefully as he strode into the deepening twilight. Too much of his life revolved around sacrifice. In this moment, he resolved to contemplate the joy of an afternoon in company with two of his favorite companions. One with a cold wet nose; the other, with a warm, contented heart. This has been a work of transformative fan fiction. The recognizable characters and settings in this story are the property of the Estate of J.R.R. Tolkien. The story itself, and the original characters, are the intellectual property of the author. No copyright infringement has been perpetrated for financial gain.