turned you out well, Grandson. You will be turning heads just as your father did all those years ago." Ivorwen scooted ahead to light a pair of tapers placed on the deep sills of the twin windows. The room brightened accordingly, revealing its hidden treasures, and once more Aragorn was submerged in those hauntingly elusive sensory memories. He had slept here occasionally, between his parents. There was a new quilt laid over sheets that though shiny with age, smelled of lavender and mint. His nose detected it even across the depth of the room. A flute sat atop a bookshelf pegged to the wall, next to a small lap harp. His mother had made sure he learned to play both instruments, though she had never played, nor mentioned playing, either of them herself. "Were they happy?" He asked, unconsciously echoing Ivorwen's question. "My parents?" He moved slowly to trail his fingers over the finely wrought woodwind. Between the windows, a chest of drawers supported a porcelain basin and pitcher, the pitcher's handle displaying the same fanciful design rendered in open, looping scrollwork, that was painted on the gilt-edged bowl. Beside them sat a longish piece of leather; a razor strop now worn and cracked with age. Ivorwen sat down on the bed and patted it invitingly. "To answer simply, yes, your father adored your mother, and you, when you came along. But 'twas a complicated relationship, your father being so much older than Gilraen. Her youthful exuberance drew him to her, and yet …" she sighed and tucked her arm through Aragorn's as he sat down beside her. "And yet that same youthful exuberance often drove him to distraction. In the early days, he would ride out with something akin to relief in his eyes. Though after you came, I saw that exact same look in his eyes each time he rode back into the Angle. I have wondered if Gilraen would return and remarry. She is young yet, for our line; a second family would not be out of the question." Eyes twinkling, Ivorwen turned her gaze up to her grandson. "What would you think of another sibling or two?" Aragorn opened his mouth to reply, but shut it without responding. "I do not know," he said after a moment. "It never occurred to me that naneth might remarry." "Nor does she have plans to it seems from your report. You do not yet have enough life experience to understand that likely means she does not believe another husband could measure up to the first. A pity that, for she produces fine sons and – diminished people that we are – we could use many more fine sons and daughters." Aragorn did not miss the lightly buried compliment; it made him relish the warmth of the familial kiss pressed upon his cheek that much more. "And now I will leave you to sleep," Ivorwen said as she rose, motioning Aragorn up as well so she could sweep back the covers and plump the pillows. "And pray that the Lord Irmo's dreams will hold you gently this night and in the nights to come when the longing for home is overwhelming." Framing his face once more, she lifted on tiptoe to tunnel her fingers into his hair again. "Know you this, Grandson - your grandfather and I will be beside you as needed, every step of the way, and we could not be prouder of the man you have become. This has been a glad day for the Northern Dúnedain, a very glad day indeed. One day, I hope, it will be a cherished memory for you as well." The slender digits combed through his hair once more before she drew him down to place a beneficent kiss upon his forehead. "Sleep well, Grandson." Her footsteps echoed in his heart long after he heard the front door close and Aragorn had stripped out of his still damp clothing to slip beneath the covers. As did the footsteps of a man he had known only briefly, and so long ago as to be a lifetime for one who – as his grandmother had kindly stated – had so little life experience. The only way to obtain that experience was to live fully and completely, to dive in to new undertakings with gusto, examine the outcome with relish, and attempt to choose the next course of action wisely. If he had learned one significant lesson during the course of his studies, it was that education did not end when one was released from the school room. Perhaps his wisest course of action in this situation would be to ask for the instruction his cousin had already received, for he had seen in Halbarad's casual confidence, an understanding of the role both of them had been raised to. But he lacked the practical familiarity and training Halbarad had been privy too. Aragorn had other plans fomenting he was not yet ready to give up. Hearing his grandmother talk of his father's wanderlust had only solidified his intent to follow through on them. Perhaps together, if his cousin deigned to accept his presence, they could come to a solution. But that was a problem to solve another day. Tonight the undertow of physical and mental fatigue was pulling him down into sleep too quickly for contemplation of any sort. Aragorn turned his head to breathe deeply of the scented sheets, and added a plea of his own to his grandmother's wish – that tonight, in the gardens of Lorien where the warp and weft of dreams were loomed, he might walk the dream paths of those unremembered days, and know again, here in his father's house, the gift of his father's love. This has been a work of transformative fan fiction. The characters and settings in this story belong to the Estate of J.R.R. Tolkien; the story itself is the intellectual property of the author. No copyright infringement has been perpetrated for financial gain.