straight into the middle of the rambunctious pack of puppies. Legolas was at once one of them, his delighted laughter adding a further sheen of brightness to the autumn afternoon. Thranduil made a mental note to be sure and thank the ring of warriors undoubtedly holding back a rush of spiders, for such joy would bring the black creatures scurrying from their nests in search of prey faster than the time it took to rub two legs together. This area had been searched and researched for spider infestations, then kept guarded for the last moon cycle, against any hidden nests that might have spawned in the meantime. And once again, he had to hand it to Mithrandir. He should have remembered Legolas' affinity for animals sooner than the old grey wanderer, though he would gladly set aside the case of Dorwinion the wizard had set as his price for softening up Annanis. The old crone, who might have appeared as a Haradrim war lord or a witchy, siren elleth , had driven a hard bargain for the indefinite services of her many times removed great grandchild, and then informed him - after payment had been exchanged - that the child still had the right of refusal. It was the way of their people. She did the haggling, but none were constrained to agree to her bargains. It was a risk one took in seeking out a Changeling. Thranduil had been incensed, for he had paid the contract price with a particularly lovely white gem full of fire and ice, its magickal worth far greater than its value in currency. And then he had recalled Mithrandir's sly inference that no old crone worth her salt could remain unaffected by the story of the quiet little princeling finding his voice and song again, reclaiming his mischievous inheritance and in desperate need of a fearsome guardian. The Changelings had never been known for their honesty, nor was faith something Thranduil practiced regularly. He still did not know if the bargain he had struck would hold, though it was clear there was an affinity between his son and the wolf pup already. He let them play uninterrupted until Arien's slide toward the treetops began in earnest. Thanking the wolf mother for her tolerance, he called his son to begin their journey home. From the bottom of a heap of exhausted puppies, one small elfling scrambled to the surface, calling his own thanks to the mother as he scampered to his father's side. "Come, my little leaf, I should have called you sooner, for it is late now, and the trip home still long." Thranduil swung his son up on his shoulders and turned them both to take a last long look at the puppies dragging themselves over to dinner. "They are so beautiful," Legolas remarked. "And so much fun, ada ." Thranduil reminded himself, yet again, to ask Rhenneth to begin the process of reintegrating Legolas into his old play circles. Obviously his reblossoming son needed the companionship of children his own age again. He was a little bit surprised and a lot pleased that the crumb of faith he had managed to retain through the long ages of fighting for survival was rewarded as they reached the edge of the woods and their patient steeds. Tossing his son up on the back of the pony, he caught a flash of white out of the corner of his eye. Hushing the gentle murmur of the trees, lest they spoil the surprise, he mounted his own charger and turned them toward home. Legolas relived every moment of his afternoon as an honorary litter mate, each charge and retreat, every nip and tickle, every lick and sniff he had given or received. And then, as the evening cooled and the smell of cooking fires had begun to scent the night air, his patter had begun to trail off. Thranduil had shifted his sleepy son over to his horse and turned the pony loose to find its own way back to the stables. " Ada? " a sleepy elfling rubbed at bleary eyes as Thranduil tucked his son into bed much later that evening. "Legolas?" the king reflected, matching the serious tone. "I had such fun today, riding and climbing and spying and playing with the puppies. But most off all, I liked being with you." "For me, too, my little leaf, having you all to myself was the best part of the live long day." He would not share that the ride had reminded him of a time when the great wood had been green and growing at all points of the compass, and that memories of his courtship and betrothal haunted him now. He bent and kissed the tip of the small nose. "I will make sure Galion clears my schedule so we can do this again soon." " Ada ?" the sleepy voice said again. "Legolas?" Thranduil repeated. " Ada , Aiollda followed us home." "Aiollda?" "She said her name is Aiollada." Legolas yawned and snuggled deeper into the feather mattress. "She says she will watch over me and keep me safe, even when you are in your cups." "Aiollda," Thranduil repeated, squinching his eyes as though his morning headache had returned. On the hearth rug, a white pup lay curled with her nose in the circle of her tail. Once given, a Changeling's word is bond , a silvery feminine voice said in his head. An engaging pup that follows you home; that was what you desired, aye? Thranduil made no answer, but he wondered, as he dimmed the brilliance of the Fëanorian lamps down to the softness of a glowworm, if he had won the bargain … or not. This has been a work of transformative fan fiction. All characters and settings belong to the Estate of J.R.R. Tolkien; the story itself, and the original characters, are the intellectual property of the author. No copyright infringement has been perpetrated for financial gain.