as well." He recoiled slightly. "No!" "How do you style yourself then?" "I do not. It is a closely guarded secret that I bear the title Chieftain of the Dúnedain. For the moment I am Thorongil, late of His Majesty, King Thengel's, guard." "Does my father know this?" "I do not know. I had assumed Mithrandir would have told him, but perhaps he has not. However, if that is the case, it is likely I told him this afternoon." "This afternoon?" Aragorn removed his hand from the door latch and lifted it to scratch at his head. "There is more I need to tell you." "Perhaps we should sit down?" "I will keep it short. Mithrandir sent me to see if I could … end the torture." Legolas threw back his head and laughed heartily. "We have spoken of this often, he and I," he said, offering his own confession of sorts. "He has long been aware of my father's resistance and the rebellion I have kept buried in my heart. It became something of a game between my father and me, but I tired of it long ago. I have stayed the course this long without throwing over the traces only because Mithrandir has appeared many times at just the right hour or moment to calm the storms between us. Nay, Aragorn, son of Arathorn, I am not angry. In this I am extremely grateful for Mithrandir's scheming. Come! Let us harvest the seeds you have sown." Aragorn put his hand out once more. "Legolas—" "There is more?" the elf inquired in inimitable style. "No. I just … I regret that our first meeting has been tainted with this deceit. I hope you will not hold it against me." "Let us make a bargain. If you accomplish what you came to do, we will disregard all that has gone before. If you do not, I will never let you live it down." Aragorn considered for a moment and smiled his acceptance. "It is a fair bargain. Let us hope we both succeed." Legolas opened the door, motioning his new friend through ahead of him and they made their winding way through the palace corridors to the king's study, the wolf padding alongside. " Ataryina ! I have brought a guest!" The proclamation rang out with gladness as the pair dismounted in the courtyard amid a flurry of activity. Elves were boiling out of every exit from the great house, surrounding them in a noisy, colorful throng, with shouted greetings on every side accompanied by much back pounding. Legolas backed against his horse, bewildered by the uninhibited display of affection. It reminded him of the mêlée' s back home and did not at all match up with his impression of the much vaunted Noldorian dignity. Aragorn ducked under his horse's neck to grab Legolas and draw him forward. "The first ambassador from Mirkwood in an Age!" Every eye turned toward the blond elf and a momentary hush fell over the crowd. Legolas sidled back again, and stumbled over his own feet when he bumped into someone who had come up behind him. Face scarlet, he whirled to find himself impaled by a sharp gaze from a pair of deep-set, mithril colored eyes. And then the eyes resolved into a face featuring a prominent brow, mobile mouth and lines bracketing a smile stretching lips wide in genuine welcome. "Sweet Elbereth! Can it be? Legolas! This is … entirely unexpected!" The Mirkwood prince found himself engulfed in a rib-cracking embrace. "Does your father know you are here?" A frown briefly marred the ageless features as Lord Elrond drew back, setting both hands on the prince's shoulders. Being a close acquaintance of the wizard's, he knew something of the situation in Mirkwood. Legolas, his heart immeasurably gladdened by the irrefutable warmth of his welcome, grinned. "Aye, my lord, though likely the reality will have sunk in by the time I return home and I will be relegated once more to the safety of the tedious chores of sovereignty." "Then we must make your time here memorable. Mae govannen , Legolas of Mirkwood, welcome to Imladris!" " Le hannon ," Legolas bowed and touched his fisted hand to his heart. "It is good to be here, my lord." "Estel!" Elrond turned to his son and drew him into an equally warm embrace while a confusing number of similar looking, dark-haired elves moved to greet Legolas. "You must have acquired a mithril tongue since last you were home. How did you accomplish this?" "It was Gandalf and Legolas' doing, Atar , not mine. Perhaps my appearance advanced the schedule, but Thranduil had already made up his mind that the time had come to allow Legolas to broaden his horizons. It became a matter of settling the details." "Regardless, you have accomplished something none other among us has been able to in an Age! A visitor from Mirkwood, and the prince no less! You have done well, my son." "I thank you, but I am not being modest, Father. In truth, I believe it was Legolas' maturity in restraining the burning desire to rebel that most effected the change in his father. I am sure you will comprehend how difficult it has been for him to loosen these reins." Elrond affectionately ruffled the dark head and gave his son another one-armed hug as he gathered up Legolas as well and swept the pair onto the porch of the Last Homely House. "Aye, I will be most diplomatic when I write to tell Thranduil of our joy in welcoming you, Legolas." He turned with his arms around the duet and faced the still milling throng in the court yard. "Prepare the Hall of Fire; this night we celebrate!" This has been a word of transformative fan fiction. All characters and settings belong to the estate of J.R.R. Tolkien; the story itself is the intellectual property of the author. No copyright infringement has been perpetrated for financial gain.