of that lock registered with the wood elf. Long after the tide of torch-lit mourners had ceased to cross the spanning bridge. Long after all but the night denizens of the city slept under a blanket of stars so dense the sky showed little darkness. Long after the exhausted House of Telcontar had retreated to their beds to mourn their loss privately. Long, long after the dwarf had sought his own rest. Only as his hand depressed the latch and the door refused to budge did that dull clink register in the elf's clouded mind. Blinding grief fueled a black haze of fury at the perfidy of the Norgoth. Legolas knew this door of old, knew its strength and the solidity of the lock, but that did not stop him from slamming a shoulder against it; once …twice…a fourth and then a fifth time before the physical pain broke through the unreasoning rage. And as quickly as it had been summoned, the wrath vanished. His knees buckled. Legolas turned his back to the door and let the weight of his broken heart drag him down …down…down…into the very pits of Thangorodrim. The fire of those long-quenched chasms scorched his boots and singed the ends of the braids he had never quite managed to let go of, but did nothing to melt the ice slowly forming around his heart. His shoulder hurt, but he drew his knees to his chest, dropped his forehead to rest on them, and closed his eyes. He had waited, impatiently, until he was certain that the last of the king's household had drifted into slumber, knowing the horses waited with equal impatience in the stables in the sixth circle. And then he had waited some more, counting on the belief that the grooms would be long abed as well, so no one would try to stop him, or worse, send someone to follow him. He'd had every intention of stealing out into the night with both his own horse and the king's, for Aragorn's mount would have reckoned his passing too. An unrestrained gallop might have eased the volcanic pressure that had built in his chest and freed the horses to express their own grief. The dwarf must have seen through the opacity he had tried so hard to project. Must have known Legolas had every intention of bolting into the night. Aragorn had released him from his pledge to mentor the new king, but he had promised Eldarion he would be in attendance two days hence, for the coronation. He had given his word, also, to offer solace and comfort to Arwen, if she would let him, during that long night's vigil Aragorn had shared at the pinnacle of the Avenue of Trees in Ithilien not so many weeks ago. If not for Gimli's treachery, he might have been long gone now, the insanity of grief overriding even his pledged word. Legolas put his head back against the door. He would have a few choice words for the dwarf in the morning, when the traitor came to let him out, but he would temper those words because he had many Ages yet to live with regret. And failure to keep his given word would have weighed him down far longer than grief. For grief, he was aware, had limits. It was not new to him. This knife blade's edge of insanity would pass; his heart would mend, though this loss would leave a hollow place forever, for as Aragorn had said, he did not know if their paths would cross ever again. Legolas was an as-yet-unfinished antiphonal piece, his destiny molded and shaped by the music of the Ainur, while Aragorn had been given the gift of shaping his own fate and the last notes of the concerto of that well-lived life had faded into silence hours ago. Legolas knew this to be true, for when he had finally learned to listen to the music of Arda, to hear his own melody in the majestic symphony that Ilúvatar had caused to be scored in the Deeps of Time, his steps had never faltered. In the quiet of the study, where the scent of the Ranger lingered on the very air, where his books and charts and treasures bore witness to the elf's silent grief, the little melody Aragorn had so shrewdly embedded among the sharp shards of Legolas' battered and torn heart began to croon its lullaby. It did not magically release the talons of sorrow, but it did soothe and comfort. It did not dry the tears, for there was a tenderness to it that evoked wistfulness as well, but it gave the tears healing properties. It did not quench the driving desire to run as far and as fast as the horses could take him, but it did empower him to resist the need and reclaim for himself the honor he might have ignored in his grief. It echoed the haunting descant of Aragorn's song, for all life on Arda was a gift of the Song, but the theme intertwined warmth and strength and a love so powerful it reached beyond the Circles of the World, encompassing, embracing, enfolding the elf as though the arms of his beloved yet held him. It roused sleeping courage and restored a measure of confidence that Ilúvatar in his mercy would not withhold the eternity beyond the ending of the world, no matter the differences in their origins. Reverie took him gently, beckoning him along untrodden paths of memory where eternities had already been shared in a glance … a word … a touch … and to the certain knowledge that these memories could not be taken from him either … not unto the ending of the world. This has been a work of transformative fan fiction. All characters and settings belong to the Estate of J.R.R. Tolkien; the story itself is the intellectual property of the author. No copyright infringement has been perpetrated for financial gain.