"It has been full and gifted beyond measure with affection such as no man before or after will ever know. The song of our sun's rising and waning will go on for eternity; trust this , Legolas. Trust me ." "I will do this thing you ask," Legolas replied eventually, his voice muffled, "but ask me not to do it with heart. For I do not know if I can bear this parting, Aragorn." "Sorrow shared draws out its own poison," the healer returned, his voice softening yet more. "Arwen will need you, Legolas. You may find in one another, the gift of solace in shared remembrance. I will not ask of you to offer it, but promise me - if she offers, you will not turn away." It was long before Legolas replied, and then only with great difficulty. "I will not turn away." Grace already fled the sundering of his heart. He could not, for a long moment, find the strength to raise his head. His hair was tucked behind his ear and callused fingers lingered for a moment, tracing to the point and back down. "Did ever I tell you how much I desired elven ears? Not just for the absurd hearing, but for their grace and symmetry." Legolas, with a huff, turned his head sharply, chary of shifting emotions. "You jest." "Nay." Aragorn smiled again, the light of it in his eyes kindling a matching spark in the elf's. "I would have given much for elven ears." He withdrew his hand, crossing his arms back over his knees. "Speaking of elven hearing - I've forgotten; how many legions of your kindred live within earshot?" "This tree was intended for privacy – when I wished to be alone." Aragorn sighed. "Should I not have come then?" He stirred when there was no immediate response, adjusting Andúril as if to rise. "I will take myself off if that is what you wish." "Nay! Do not." Legolas sat up abruptly, stretching out a detaining hand. "My father tried to warn me it would be thus, but I paid little heed. Would that I had listened and prepared for this day better. Stay, please. I do not want to be alone this night and I would have your company as long as you are able to endure me." "You well know I do not suffer your company. But neither do I wish to bring you more pain than I have already inflicted." Aragorn leaned back against the tree, the sheathed sword rasping softly against bark as he settled again. "I am sorry to be so miserly with my time, but I have only this night." "Then I will not waste it with regrets, but honor these hours with the joy of a gift received." Silence descended once more; though wedged with sorrow, it was less weighty. No doubt it would fall again, and with the swiftness of a dwarven axe, but Legolas set it aside, his grief momentarily overridden by this unexpected visit. He would not let it shadow his friend's parting, for part they would at the end of this night. Purposefully, he turned to their shared pleasures since the breaking of Sauron's power: the rebuilding of Minas Tirith; the discovery that they shared a knack for negotiating; the many pleasant hours upon hours they'd spent in philosophical discussion with Gimli; horticulture – much to Sam's delight; and the peace and prosperity that had come to Middle-earth under Aragorn's reign as Elessar. More silences came and went, but the night passed with a sharing they had not achieved in many a year. Legolas stored it up in his heart to revisit in the joyless days to come. Eärendil l ay on the far horizon as the hush of night gave way to the song of dawn. Birds began to twitter and then to sing as light brushed a sheen of misty brilliance over the new born world. And as day burst night's cool cocoon, Aragorn stretched and rose with the help of a pliant limb. "Will you come? When it is time?" A leaf was mashed to pulp, staining fingers whose calluses came no longer from a taut bowstring or sword, but from shovels and hoes and tilling forks. "I will be there … Aragorn." Brushing off his fingers, Legolas rose as well and clasped the outstretched arm tightly. "I was wrong to despair. Forgive me." "As before, there is nothing to forgive," Aragorn repeated, the shared memory sharp and clear in both minds. "Be well, Legolas Thranduilion. And may the wind bear your ship lightly over the waters to Valinor when that time comes. But I will say not my final farewells until I have looked into your eyes one last time." "And I will take them with me into the undying lands." A moment of silence draped the early dawn: the babble of the little rill below stilled, the birds ceased their singing, the cheeks of the breeze puffed out as it held its breath, even the leaves of the trees hushed their murmurings. In that reverent moment, a shaft of newly risen sunlight bent with purpose through the still leaves to crown the king with a halo of golden light. Within it, the spirit of the man shone like mithril and Legolas instinctively bowed deeply. "Rise, mellon nîn ." An age-worn hand cupped and lifted the elf's chin. "Do not bow to me; we have ever been equals, you and I." Expressive grey eyes met indomitable green as the ranger in the king, hand to his heart, dipped his head in the old habit. "Until we meet again." … and he was gone. Aldeon – Avenue of trees (The Grey Company ) Amrûn 'edhel – sunrise elf (Aradalambion . ) Disclaimer ~ This is a work of fan fiction. No fortune, either large of small, has or will, change hands over these words. All rights reserved to the estate of J.R.R. Tolkien and New Line Cinema.