its first tender shoots toward the sun, the presence began to grow, too, sending out new tendrils of Legolas' melody – springs bubbling up from the earth to fill deep green forest pools, water dripping from a lifted muzzle as a deer raised her head from the pool. A scintillating mix of earthborn scents drifted through the room as tightly closed buds at the center of the song, unfurled, blossoming so that petals fell like a silver summer rain. A zephyr of cedar-scented fragrance banished the smell of crushed and burnt herbs, comingling with the scent of dark, rich soil and pine. And underneath, like a repetitive bass note, the unmistakable tang of campfire. Aragorn dared not blink, lest he miss the lift of a finger or the twitch of a toe beneath the sheet. It was an arm that lifted first, though, to rest above the head that turned languidly into a stretch of long dormant muscles. The green eyes opened, slowly, though not with reluctance, to leisurely survey the quarters, coming to rest finally on Aragorn. They rose to meet the grey eyes watching him so attentively, full of questions that needed no answers, for in that moment, Aragorn loosed the bonds of his own spirit, so they were - again – one. This time, however, he held nothing back; not those caliginous places he guarded so carefully, nor the well of sorrow he rarely allowed any to see, not even his mostly closely kept secrets. Aragorn purposefully laid himself bare, returning to Legolas what he had coerced from the elf in his benighted attempt to offer some surcease from the wounds he could see, now, were at last beginning to heal. The elf smiled. A smile of such singular sweetness, Aragorn thought his heart might well burst with the swelling. It bestowed a heart understanding of their joining and the gift of renewed song, it shone with gratitude and thankfulness, but most of all, it granted absolution. Though there was a hint, too, of mischievous satisfaction that Aragorn acknowledged as recognition of his acceptance, finally, of his role in events yet to come to pass in Middle-earth. "How long have I slept, mortal?" Legolas yawned and rubbed his eyes. Aragorn favored his friend with a rueful smile, not quite as blinding as the elf's. "Long enough that a new Age has come to pass." "Indeed." Humor spilled over in the light rejoinder. "You are to be a king; I must have slept long and deeply for certain. What further history of the world have I missed?" The green eyes settled on the still glowing sword. "Ah, my friend, those are mysteries destined to be unveiled at some later date." Aragorn retrieved the scabbard and sheathed the sword, laying it on a small table nearby. A soft weir light continued to leak from the tightly sewn seams of the scabbard, mingling with the glow of the setting sun and rising moon to suffuse the chamber once more with the iridescent light of diffused time. Legolas obligingly moved over as Aragorn set a hip on the edge of the sleeping couch. The ranger seated himself more comfortably and reached to take up the fingers of one long, slender hand. The marks from the restraints still marred the normally flawless skin, but they were fading rapidly now, sinking away where no one else might ever discern them. Likely in just a few days, Legolas would be whole again, though there were still deep currents of mental fatigue and a trace of anxiety playing along nerve endings. Aragorn knew from experience, those things would take longer than the healing of the physical wounds. He channeled more energy into the elf, watching – with the eyes of a healer – the rising tide of essence filling the hollow spaces carved out by pain and illness. And cupped those fingers, grateful for their warmth when not so long ago he had despaired of their ever being warm again. "I will do this thing asked of me because you have given me the courage to pursue the crown, and with it, the peace of Middle-earth. I am humbled by the sacrifice you have already made, it seems unfair to ask for more, but I cannot go forward without knowing you will be beside me through thick and thin." "Like an engaging pup that follows you home?" Legolas inquired, smirking. "I owe allegiance to my father and my home, but you have the rest, Aragorn." He yawned again and stretched, tallying the healing physical hurts, though they were of little consequence set against Aragorn's revelations. "You have my bow, and whatever else I may offer in time of need." Aragorn spread the fingers of the hand he held, threading his own through them. "I will not burden you with this hereafter, but I must say the words lest something untoward part us again." He bowed his head for just a moment before looking up. "I am more grateful than I can express for the gift of your friendship, it is priceless to me." Those warm fingers tightened briefly in acknowledgement, before Legolas turned the tide of sentiment with his usual impeccable timing. "When did I last eat? I am famished." Epilogue Overhead, Tilion, lounging with his arms crossed over the port-side bow, laughed aloud. "Well, m'lady?" He turned to his guest in her flowing green gown. "Is our work here done?" Her complacent smile was answer enough. From far below a gentle chiming followed the ancient vessel as they pulled up anchor and caught the winds aloft. "Are you in a hurry to get home?" Tilion inquired. "Or would you like to see some more of the world from this vantage point?" Disclaimer: This is a work of transformative fan fiction; all characters and settings belong to the Estate of J.R.R. Tolkien. The story itself, and the original characters, are the intellectual property of the author. No copyright infringement has been perpetrated for financial gain.