rosy and her eyes a bright, brilliant blue, though irritated enough from crying so long. She looked healthy, and now happy, as a young one should. Without the cloak covering her so, the lady ranger clearly saw gentle swirls of auburn upon her head, almost completely opposite that of her late father's, whose hair had been a silvery-blonde. In wonder, the surrounding elves looked on the peaceful scene displayed before them, all but Orophin, who wore simply a smile of knowledge upon his lips. Watching the child a little longer, Gwaeron sighed as the baby's eyes fluttered shut, exhaustion from such fits as she gave before finally wearing her out. The woman laid her softly upon the cot where she sat and situated blankets about her so that no movement would cause her to roll too far. Pushing herself from the bed, she stood and approached Orophin who stood now at the doorway. He smirked. "That did not look wholly unnatural for you, faril nin." The edhel gazed down upon her and received a tired smile at his compliment. "I've little doubt that these ellith have had next to no involvement with a newborn, be it elf or man. It seemed rather instinctive to me, I know not why." Her response was thoughtful as she unclasped his cloak from about her neck and situated it back around his broad shoulders with care. He watched her silently. "Thank you for coming with me, Orophin. And thank you for lending me your cloak." Their smiles were fond and he lowered himself to kiss her cheek tenderly. "Get some rest, Gwaeron. You certainly deserve it." With one last look, he pulled the hood over his wet hair and slid down the rope ladder they had just come up a few moments ago. An elf-maiden approached Gwaeron from behind and offered her a blanket. "Come, lady. We shall get you dry and warm." "I'm waiting for an explanation, Orophin." Haldir stood with his back to the warden, hands clasped rigidly behind him around a quiver-full of arrows. The second-born took a deep breath and bowed in respect. "Forgive me, Marchwarden." He began peacefully, in a formal tone. "There was little time to react and, as ranking officer over Rúmil, I sent him to his task and myself to mine. Gwaeron and I went quickly to help and protect a mutual ally… I did not think my actions were either in need of further explanation, nor in any way wrong." Haldir turned fiercely upon his brother and looked him square in the eye. "You went to who-knows- what end for that… that human , Orophin! Did you even know where you were being led ? I swear, she could have taken you straight to the fortress of Dol Guldur, handed you to the Enemy on a silver platter, and still you would fall at her feet!" Orophin took the harsh criticism in stride, knowing full well how his brother's continual temperament worsened when Gwaeron came to subject. His jaw kept tense, however, to refrain from protesting against such accusations being made against the woman he cared for. Better to take the Marchwarden's lecture than to dig a deeper feud between he and his sibling than what was already present. "Have you any thing to say?" With a deep breath to calm himself, Orophin met Haldir's bright eyes with his own matching pair. "If a lady friend of yours, Haldir, were to come to you with a wounded child and inform you that someone had been left in a dangerous situation, would you not trust her immediately and go to aid in whatever form you could?" The elder's glare burned into his brother and Orophin returned it with all ferocity, knowing his point to be valid. "If you should answer no, than I willingly accept any punishment. However, if you reply that this lady would have your trust… I may be a bit more reluctant to submit." Haldir said nothing for some moments and Orophin felt it safe to approach again, though with a more delicate appeal toward his kin. "Brother, do not scorn those with a good heart and strong will to match. They are great allies, and friends, if you would but allow them…" "If I am not mistaken, you wish for more than just friendship with this lady ranger." This remark aroused a flash of anger in Orophin's eyes. "I have not dishonored her, if that is what you are implying." The elf practically seethed within himself at the insinuation. "I respect her. We have done nothing, and will not, unless, by Eru's will, we are bound in marriage in the future." Haldir focused on him in a different light as he spoke, pensive for a moment, and then once again the frown returned. "Tread lightly, brother… A mortal is just that. Mortal ." With that warning said, the elder of them turned away and strode toward the outer posts, unconscious of the menacing growl Tar delivered to his retreating figure. The animal stood patiently waiting on Orophin as the elf approached at last, patting the tremendous dog while his tail thwapped against his leg in a steady gesture of comfort. "I'd let you have a go at him, Tar, if I knew you wouldn't tear his ears off." The canine looked up at the elf and panted so that his maw took the shape of a smile. "Ah well, let's go fetch you something to eat, aye?" Walking off side by side with his companion, Orophin barely smiled as in the distance he could see the flet in which his huntress and her oath resided. Faril Nin —My Huntress (Orophin's endearment for Gwaeron) The Elvish song ( Breath of Life ) You are not bound to loss and silence. For you are not bound to the circles of this world. All things must pass away, All life is doomed to fade. Sorrowing you must go, and yet you are not without hope.