Kallindo realized that it was Calina, his friend's daughter. A smile touched his lips as he observed her look back apprehensively as though she was afraid that her departure would be discovered and her plans thwarted. For a moment Kallindo wondered what her plans actually were and whether it would be his duty to thwart them, but it was not long before her intentions became apparent: a nighttime walk along the beach. That was innocent enough. Kallindo had not planned on going in yet, and so he continued in his treetop perch despite the approaching figure, watching the maiden and the sea and the sky at casual intervals. It was only when Calina was within several yards of the tree that she captured Kallindo's full attention. The hidden elf watched with amusement as his friend's daughter lifted her skirts up and waded into the calm waves of the small bay. She walked further out for a few feet, swishing the water about her calves and digging her toes into the comforting sand. Kallindo decided at that very moment that he approved of the girl after all. She loved her family, was not vain, and appreciated the sea. This was certainly enough. With a contented mind, Kallindo leaned back against the trunk of the tree and returned his gaze to the stars. Unfortunately, his quiet contemplation was once again disturbed by an unusual sound of rustling fabric and a flutter of movement at the edge of his vision. 'Certainly she has not,' he thought incredulously. Looking down to where the maiden had been his eyes widened slightly and he paused, thinking what to do next. She had. There, on the dry sand of the beach, lay a rumpled pile of cloth: her dress. There, on the maiden herself, was nothing more then a knee-length, sleeveless slip, which was itself floating dangerously upward as she waded further into the water. Kallindo had just roused himself enough to call out to her when the maiden slid fully into the water, pushing gracefully up from the sandy floor and making a shallow dive into the waves. A mild imprecation passed Kallindo's lips as he jumped down from the tree. If her were the only one present he would laugh and walk away, thinking nothing of the youthful fancy. But on the contrary, he knew that the dark forest hedging in close to the beach was home to several tree flets and small earthbound houses, occupied largely by a handful of relatively young and eligible elves who had struck out on their own, away from the town. As Kallindo neared the water's edge, Calina's head came up out of the water. "My lady!" Kallindo called in an urgent whisper, " Soronhíniell (daughter of Soronhín), this place is not as secluded as it appears, you must come back." Calina turned back to the shore with a start. "Oh! My lord, you startled me… But why must I come back?" "Many of the young, unmarried elves from the town have come to live here in the trees. You may have an audience." Calina could feel a blush rising up her cheeks, though she was sure that the silvery starlight hid it well. "Oh," she whispered quietly. She made to come out of the water, but then hesitated. Looking down she could see how transparent her shift had become. How would she even escape with propriety? Noting her hesitation, Kallindo took off his boots and began wading into the water. As he was walking out, he also took off his long, outer tunic and draped it over his shoulder. "No, no, bring my dress. You do not have to give me your tunic," Calina called when she saw his intention. Kallindo smirked. "Your dress is thin and lightly colored as well – it would not serve you." When the pair finally drew close to one another, Calina still crouching down to her neck in the water and Kallindo submerged up to his waist, the maiden smiled bashfully. "I am sorry to cause you so much trouble." "It is only water. My clothes will dry," Kallindo said practically as he handed the tunic to Calina. The maiden pulled the clothing over her head and down around her body. It was now thoroughly soaked. With much dripping and sloshing, the pair made it back to the shore and regarded each other for a moment. "After today, I would say that this is the start of a most interesting friendship," Calina chuckled as she spoke, "Though I must say, I do not think I have appeared in the best of lights." "Nay, you are young and exuberant. There is nothing wrong in that." Again Calina experienced a sense of humbling; he looked on her only as a child. 'But I am barely more than a child,' she reminded herself, bending down to wring out her borrowed tunic. When she looked up again she saw the same pernicious cloud in Kallindo's eyes as she had seen earlier that day. A sudden resolve came over her. 'I shall just have to make him see me for more than that. I will reach the bottom of that shadow and pluck it out before he even suspects it.' Kallindo watched as an oddly determined smile spread across Calina's face. The maiden turned to him and tilted her head slightly to the side. "I am glad to have met you, Kallindo. Shall you be at the festivities tomorrow?" "Yes, though I may not stay late." Calina started walking back toward her home. "Good," she called back, "Then I shall see you there." Things to Know: Q-Quenya S-Sindarin Calina (KAH-lin-ah): Q. "illuminated" Kallindo (kahl-LIN-do): Q. "noble heart" Falas (FAHL-ahss): S. "beach, shore" Soronhín (sor-ON-heen): Q. "eagle child" Danneniûl (dahn-NEN-ee-ool): S. "fallen embers" Ránendë (ra-NEN-deh): Q. "moon pool" """"" Eccaianórië (ehk-kay-a-NOR-ee-eh): Q. "outer sea region" Oiratinwë Calamau (oi-rah-TIN-weh…): Q. "eternal spark/light hands" Fánlitsë (fan-LIT-she): Q. "white sand" Endórë: Q. "Middle Earth" amil/amme: "mother/mommy" atar/atto: "father/daddy" """"" By Ilúvien