the Maia in shock, and Gimli raised his eyebrows. Gandalf was suddenly very interested in his shoes. "What shall his penalty be, lads?" Elrond asked. "He has to jump in the pond," Strider and Legolas said at once. "That's what we had to do," Legolas added with a shrug as the two of them stood to escort Gandalf to the pond. Five minutes later, a dripping wizard returned, complete with a couple weeds in his beard. Attempting to summon up the shreds of his dignity, Gandalf turned to Merry. "Hold on just a second, Mithrander," Legolas said. The wizard turned to the elf with a look of extreme suffering. "You haven't answered the question," the elf said mildly. If he had looked like he was suffering before, now he looked tortured. "Go on," Pippin urged. Gandalf sighed. Finally, he said, "Once, I was forced to go through an orc camp. Naturally, I needed a disguise so I st—borrowed an orc's discarded clothes. When I arrived in Rivendell, the elves were ready to shoot me. Luckily, Aragorn, who was at that time only a toddler, saw through my disguise and ran to say hello. Thus, all of Rivendell saw me in orcish wear." Legolas and Aragorn chuckled, but other than that the story didn't seem that funny. Elrond said, "Finish the story, Mithrander." Once more, Gandalf sighed. "What I had not realized," he continued, "was that the orc whose clothes I appropriated had lice." At first the Fellowship stared in confusion at the wizard, but soon understanding dawned and they all laughed heartily. "Go on," Elrond urged. Gandalf gave Elrond a dirty look. "Lice," he elaborated," are impossible to get out of a beard like this. Thus, I was forced to shave." The group stared blankly at the Maia for a minute, each attempting to imagine him beardless. One by one, they began chuckling. The chuckles soon became whole-hearted laughter and it was several minutes before everyone was settled again. Gandalf turned to Merry. "Truth or dare?" "Dare," Merry said at once. Sam was not surprised. Dares were much more interesting, especially to a wild hobbit like Merry. "Hmm…I dare you to sing a song with at least three verses about how wonderful I am, complete with a dance that includes a handstand, a cartwheel and…. " "A Merriadoc Special," Pippen supplied excitedly. "And a Meriadoc Special," Gandalf added. This was a hard one. Luckily, Merry liked singing. I'm sure glad that's not me, Sam thought, watching Merry think. The other hobbit stood on the bench and began singing. " Red and yellow, Purple and green, The best fireworks e'er seen, Thanks to old Gandaaaaalf." The young hobbit's dance was funny on it's own, even without the words. It seemed to be a mixture of a jig and an exhibition of gymnastic talent. " Bilbo went to a dragon's cave, Came home with treasure and gold, Telling the best tales e'er told, Thanks to old Gandaaaalf." This verse was particularly amusing to Gimli, who chuckled loudly. Aragorn, too, was grinning widely and Legolas was clearly trying not to smile. Merry paused to think and continued. " His hair is white, His color is grey, He always has something to say, That's old Gandaaaaalf." As the song drew to a close, he launched himself off the bench and turned a triple flip, landing on one knee in front of Gandalf. Everyone applauded. "That," Merry said, getting up and dusting off his trousers, "was a Meriadoc Super Special." The next few turns, Sam thought, went quite fast. Merry dared Pippin to agree with everything he said for the next three days, Pippin asked Boromir what his favorite lullaby was, ( Hush Little Baby and as he had not been dared he refused to sing it.) Boromir dared Gimli climb a tree, resulting in a highly amused Legolas. Gimli asked Frodo if there were any special someone's in his life (there weren't) and all too soon for his liking, it was Sam's turn. "Truth or dare, Samwise Gamgee?" Frodo asked, turning to his old friend with a small smile. "Truth." Frodo grinned. "What's really going on with you and Rosie Cotton?" The rest of the Fellowship said more "oooh" more or less in unison. Sam grimaced. "Um…uh…" "Pray tell," Legolas asked interestedly. It seemed like this young Halfling had more of a love life than he did. "I love her," Sam blurted, before turning beat red and staring at his toes. "I know that, but what about her?" Frodo asked relentlessly. "And…" Sam continued, staring at his toes, "I think she loves me too." "Awwww," everyone said. "Wonderful," said Elrond. "Now hopefully some of the ice has been broken, and you can continue on this journey together as one unit." "Hold on just a second, Master Elrond," Gandalf interrupted. "You haven't gone yet." Elrond glanced around. "As I am not part of this Fellowship, my going is—" "You asked me, therefore you counted yourself as part of the game," Aragorn interjected. "Yeah!" Merry said. "Yeah," Pippin agreed. Naturally, Pippin would have agreed even if he had not been dared to, but the dare took the fun out of it. A clamor ensued, and finally Elrond said "Very well, I'll play." "Truth or dare?" Sam asked. "Truth," Elrond said serenely. Sam bit his lip. He did not want to ask anything too embarrassing of the dignified elf who he was still somewhat in awe of. "What's the funniest thing you've ever seen?" he asked finally. Aragorn shut his eyes. Legolas stared straight ahead. Elrond looked at both of them. "The last time I played this game, my sons Elladan and Elrohir came up with a most unusual dare…" "Please, no." It was a prayer, and Aragorn echoed Legolas' plea. " Please , no!" Aragorn begged. "Now I'm interested," Boromir grinned, leaning in. Aragorn afforded him a dirty glance before going back to gazing pleadingly at his foster father. "They dared Aragorn and Legolas to kiss."