by herself, finally admitting that she was as afraid as everyone else. Breathing deeply of the springtime air, she left her friend by the roadside, moving to join Ria, and all those who were leaving. This time, she didn't look back, and somehow he knew they would not meet again. He sighed quietly to himself, knowing he couldn't let her go without seeing a friendly smile to help her on her way, and began to push through the crowd. Holding tight to Ria's hand, both girls gripping one another with the strength of fear, Niamh walked quietly, subdued by thoughts of home and family. She glanced back at where she had left him standing by the road, and was disturbed to find him gone. Perhaps she did not mean so much as she had thought, that he did not feel it was worth watching her go. But then, this part of her life was over now. She would have to make a new life, without family or friends, except those who went with her, to a place none of them had seen, or even knew existed. The elf maiden sighed softly. How wrong she had been, she thought, to have thought so badly of him in those desperate moments before he appeared once more. Through the years that followed, through the hardship and the famines, he had never lost touch with her, though they had never again laid eyes on one another. Between his friendship, and Ria's, she had not grieved as much as she had thought, and found strength in her failings. But then, there had not been much time for grief, as she recalled. They had come upon an abandoned settlement, deep within the forest, far enough away from the Men of their new world to remain undiscovered, and they had decided to settle there, each discovering a new skill they had not known was theirs until now. Over the next years, they had perfected the arts of smelting and forging, of war and peace, until they could exist as one people, living together. They took new names, not wishing to remember the pain of their parting whenever they spoke with one another, and slowly these new names became their own. New friendships were made; old ones made stronger, marriages and births came about as they always had. Other Elves from different parts of their old country had come to join them, building their numbers, until their whole race lived beneath the boughs of this ancient forest. Through it all, she had grown closer to the she-elf they now called the Lady of the Wood, the friend who had lived with her both before and after The Change. Ria had not wished to change her name very much, and so she had christened herself Ríel in those early years, finding it easy to call on her closest companion as Laurèneial now they were far from anyone who might correct them. She had not been so cool and confidant then, nor so graceful. Laurè recalled with a smile how on one occasion she had managed to burn herself seven times on the fire whilst cooking the evening meal, and yet the food had turned out to be perfectly well done. Ríel had often joked that the only reason Elves seemed so demure was because they had to concentrate very hard on what they were doing at that moment, citing herself as an example of elvish clumsiness. They did almost everything together in those first years, cementing the bonds that had kept them close through everything that had gone before. That wasn't to say there hadn't been arguments, of course, but somehow they had weathered each storm of ego, pride and downright stubbornness to become closer than they would ever have thought possible. When one of the older Elves offered to train the younger ones in swordplay, a skill he had learnt in fun in his youth, they had leapt at the chance, quickly becoming proficient, somehow knowing that this was a skill they would need as the ages turned. Once swordplay was done, archery became the skill they were taught, followed swiftly by axe-craft and dagger fighting. Each Elf who joined this little band pursued these skills until they could get no better, devoting themselves to these arts as though they were hobbies, nothing more. She remembered the lazy summer days, when there were no chores left to be done, no entertainment to be had until the sun had set, and they would test each other in mock-battles that could go on for hours. Those had been good times, she remembered. Long empty days, filled with the joy of discovering how different you suddenly were, and yet how little you had really changed. Life-long friendship was borne out of those discoveries; they learnt tolerance and benevolence, slowly becoming a people that loved the peace and tranquillity of their forest life. They developed a love of music and poetry, a joy in such simple arts that few before had encountered, and grew to enjoy the sounds of nature that had frightened them before. They had hunted and played to their hearts' content, never knowing the dangers that were coming to face them. She remembered with a shudder the first time the Ents had revealed themselves to her little community. The sight of a tree coming to life and talking to you was not something that was easily forgotten. Fangorn was his name, and the name had sparked a memory within her that she had not been able to trace. He had told them of the trees, and how they talked among themselves. He said this was how he had learnt of the Elves making their home within the forest, though it had taken him some time to get around to welcoming them. The trees were happy to have life within their shadow, he said, and wished to keep them safe for as long as they chose to live among them.