an equally bewildered Shawn. "Legolas, what is going on?" Elrohir hissed as he quietly shut the door behind him. "What is wrong with Jared?" Elladan added. "He has been shot," Legolas said shortly. "We've been compromised, someone is after us, and they are here." He slid up to the window. "However, I can't leave until I know Shawn and the others won't be hurt." He glanced over at them. "Do you have pistols?" They shook their heads, their minds quickly absorbing and analyzing the information he told them. "We left ours in our car." "Then leave," Legolas bit out, watching the front door carefully. "I'll come when the others are alright." "No," Elladan exclaimed softly. "They won't hurt them, we are who they want." "We don't know what they will do," Legolas retorted. "I will not take any chances or let innocents suffer because of me. Go to the church, New Hope, on River road and wait for me there. If I do not arrive by morning, I won't be coming. If that is so, find Jared, and see if he is still alive." Elladan and Elrohir stood their ground stubbornly. "We won't leave you." "Cursed Noldor stubbornness," Legolas groaned. "You will only be a hindrance to me. You have no weapons and they will most likely have AR 15s or SIGs. Please, mellyn nin ." Finally, reluctantly, the twins nodded and disappeared into the darkness, Elladan hissing over his shoulder, "We'll get you for this, Legolas…" Legolas merely smiled and turned his attention back to the window. Shawn exited the kitchen and stepped up to the door, opening it. Scarcely had he done so, when a uniformed man pushed him aside and a five man SWAT team poured into the room. The other teens sat as if frozen, staring at the invaders with wide eyes. "Stand up, and put your hands above your head," the SWAT leader snapped. Stunned, the boys slowly obeyed. As the team frisked them, Shawn stammered out, "Please, sir, what have we done wrong?" The man who had entered first, nodded shortly. "I am Commander Rick Andre. I am searching for a Lance Lasgalen, FBI agent, and his two acquaintances, Daniel and Rowan Rivendell, twins. Don't bother denying that they are here, for we saw them enter." "What is your warrant for arresting them?" Shawn retorted. "Why are you here instead of the police?" Andre smiled wickedly. "I have my reasons." He looked over at his men. "Three of you remain here and guard the civilians. The rest of you search the house. Bring any others you find to this room." Legolas watched silently as the team drug in Ashley, and though he did not appreciate her attentions, it made his blood boil to see her roughly treated. He was surprised at how ineptly the SWAT team was handling the situation. He would have surrounded the house and placed guards outside the windows before making his presence known. However, the reason for their slackness was made clear a moment later. "I know Lasgalen is probably nearby," Andre said slyly. He drew his pistol and placed the barrel against Shawn's forehead. "If he does not surrender in five minutes, I will shoot him." Legolas tensed and then sighed wearily. Why did this always happen to him? Carefully, he dug a shallow hole in the flower bed beneath him and buried his personal effects, weapons, and cell phone. Standing, he breathed a quick prayer for Eru's protection and headed for the back door. Inside, Andre looked down at his watch. "One minute." "What is Lasgalen doesn't come, sir?" one of the soldiers asked. "He is here, and he will come," Andre answered. "You are a very astute man, Andre," Legolas said, with a hint of a smile as he stood leaning against the door frame, hands hanging empty at his sides. "However, such violent measures are unnecessary." Andre and the SWAT team spun around, surprise on all their faces. "You want me or not?" Legolas asked. An instant later, the team recovered from their astonishment at his sudden appearance and grabbed him, pushing him roughly against the wall and handcuffing him. Finishing, they spun him around to face Andre. "How nice of you to come when asked, Agent Lasgalen," Andre said smoothly. "However, where are your two friends? Are they too fine to accept my humble invitation?" "They have left," Legolas replied shortly. "I sent them away." "I see," Andre said with a short nod. He tenderly stroked his silenced pistol. "I cannot have you attempting to escape, Lasgalen." Raising the weapon almost idly, he fired. Legolas gasped as the bullet sliced its way deeply into his left calf, and he staggered. For a moment, he panted for breath through the pain, feeling the agony wash over him in waves. There was a sharp prick in his upper arm, and he glanced over to a soldier empty a syringe into his arm. Almost immediately, the world swayed. "Blast you," he snarled at Andre before his eyes closed, and he slumped toward the ground. Andre smiled. Translations: yrch orc ada father edain men hir nin my lord rhaich curses tolo hi come now mellyn nin my friends A/N: I would appreciate anyone who knows elvish to tell me if my usage of the language is correct, for I know nothing about elvish grammar. Hannon le. Well, I hope you all liked it. I would be grateful beyond measure if you would review and tell me what you think. I am open to plot ideas as would love to hear your thoughts. For those of you who love Narnia, I have posted the first chapter of The Blades of Eru , a LOTRs/Narnia crossover. I do not know when I will update, as I am very busy and am (please don't tell my writing teacher) playing with an assortment of other fanfics while trying to get past the newest mental block on the book I am writing. Navaer Ila