his friend meant, Legolas shook his head. Grasping Legolas's hand in his own, the ranger drew it nearer and placed it over his own heart. "You.", Aragorn whispered. "It was you and only you who saved me. I heard your voice. It called me. It told me of my home. Of our adventures. Of hope and joy. But I could not answer. HE was too strong." Aragorn swallowed and licked his lips. He seemed to falter but his eyes remained focused on Legolas's ones and he continued. "Then I heard you again. Speaking of a broken heart. Speaking of my death. And I welcomed it, for it meant that I could rest in peace." "But Estel, I wanted to…" "No, let me finish. I welcomed it, for I was so tired. HE was so strong and I felt my strength fleeing me. I wanted nothing more than to just lie down and sleep. HE promised me I could. No more fighting. No more hiding. Just being me and being at peace. And I started to listen to HIM. "And he showed me. There was no pain. No fear no doubt. I wanted to be there. I forgot everything. Just everything, I gave in to HIS voice. But then", he grasped Legolas's hand more fiercely, "then I heard your voice again. And you told me that we would not meet again. Only by the grace of the Valar. My heart hurt as I heard that, but I thought I could live with that, as my death will sooner or later pull us apart. "But you told me that you would follow me. Into death. And I knew I could never live with that. Never. I know you pledged to follow me. Wherever my path would lead me. But I do not wish you to follow me into death, Legolas. You are immortal. And a firstborn should not die of a broken heart because of a mere mortal." "And what if a firstborn dies of a broken heart because of a friend?" Turning even more serious, Aragorn answered, "Legolas, I beg of you, I know you would follow my lead everywhere, but please do not follow my lead into death, my friend." "That decision lies with my heart, and that runs its own course sometimes." "Oh, don't you think I do not know that? You told me that all was your fault. That you had abandoned me in my darkest hour. Maybe it was my darkest hour. But I was not alone. You were there for me. You are always there for me when I need you. Even when I do not wish you to be there. Legolas, can you forgive me?" Stroking the human's cheek Legolas answered fondly, "Oh, Estel, there is nothing to forgive." Turning his head away from the elf's fingers and looking at the prince, the ranger replied with a stern voice, "No, Legolas. Will you forgive me?" "Forgive you what?" "Forgive me that I almost killed you." "Yes." Not really satisfied with the answer, Aragorn opened his mouth to say more, but Legolas laid his hand onto the man's mouth so silence him. "Estel, I forgive you. But more importantly, you have to forgive yourself." Taking his hand away the elf looked at his friend and saw him nod once. The elf smiled at his friend. No more words were needed. // It will be a long journey indeed. He will have to take one step at a time. But he has taken the first steps already and every road to recovery starts with the first step.// "Legolas?" "Yes?" Closing his tired eyes and lying back into the pillows, the ranger more stated than asked, "HE will come back, wont he? HE will try to call me again. To bring me to his side or kill me." Not able to lie, Legolas answered, "Yes. HE will. But do not trouble yourself with that." "Why not?" Looking down at the exhausted human, the elf smiled reassuringly and said in a tone full of hope and faith, "What can't we face if we get in it? There is nothing we cannot fight when we are together, my friend. May it be there come hard times, then we shall share our burdens and make them light. May it be there come dark times, then we shall light each others path. May it be our way is long and we got lost, then we shall lead each other and find the right path again. May it be there comes a time when all hope seems lost, then I shall make your hope to mine, and you shall make mine to yours. You see, Estel, there is nothing to fear." "Aye. You are right. As always. Perhaps I should listen to you more often, oh wise and ancient one." Taking Aragorn's attempt of bickering as a gift of the Valar, Legolas chimed in and tried to lighten the mood by saying, "Of course you should, young one. And now, as a carrier of eternal wisdom and foresight, I advise you to go to sleep, human. If I know Mithrandir at all, he is already forming a resistance. You will need your strength for the time to come, my friend." Smiling at his friend's words, Aragorn opened his eyes once more and said tiredly, "Ah well, we both know Mithrandir well enough. So I will not say you are mistaken," and after a short pause in which he closed his eyes, "Legolas?" "Yes, my friend?" "Hannon le." And with that Aragorn sighed deeply and his mind wandered off into the realm of sleep, reassured that no bad dreams would disturb his dreams as long as his brother of heart sat by his side and watched over him. And Legolas turned his gaze towards the night sky and smiled at the stars glimmering there, seeking out the one that shone the brightest in the sky. Eärendil had truly shone for them. THE END 20