elf who hid in the trees jumped to the ground and crept back to the edge of the woods, knocked an arrow, aimed very, very carefully and released the projectile. The answering yell of pain was bliss to his ears. ... Aragorn cursed his bad luck. Why did his bowstring have to snap right now? The trip to his room in the palace and back to the training grounds had taken longer than he had wished. The knee deep snow and his slight limp did not help his mood any. He was so concentrated on not tripping while hastening towards the training field, that he did not notice the numbers of elves staring at him strangely. It was only when loud, agitated voices reached his ears that he looked up and took in the change in his surroundings. Where the gardens and training areas had been practically deserted only minutes prior, dozens of elves, most of them clad in the livery of the Palace guards, crowded the area. They carried bows and swords, gestured here and there and talked in hushed whispers or shouted orders. They looked as if they were searching for someone or something, and Aragorn could tell that they were on high alert. Confused, Aragorn saw that most of the elves were heading in the direction of the training fields. What was going on? An elf with white robes and a leather bag under his arm hastened by, and in that moment Aragorn felt his stomach clench painfully. A healer. A healer was headed in the direction of the training field. Legolas! Forgetting his injured thigh, Aragorn began to run through the snow as fast as he could. But he had made only a few steps before he was spotted by a tall guard. Upon seeing him, the guard pointed at him and yelled sharply, "Daro!" stop. The next moment his call was taken up by numerous other elves and before Aragorn knew what was happening, he was surrounded by at least ten guards. Some of them had their swords drawn and pointed at him, while others glared at him darkly, ready to act any moment. Aragorn stopped in his tracks and looked at the elves. Due to their ability to stand atop of the snow, they loomed over him threateningly. "What has happened? Why did you…" "No dhinén!" be silent A guard spat, before he ordered two of his comrades to bind Aragorn's hands and take him away. Too baffled to protest, Aragorn did not resist when the elves bound his hands behind his back none too gently. Only when they began to lead him away from the training field and into the direction of the palace did he find his voice. "What? Why? What is the meaning of this?" The guard who had spoken before stepped up to him and leaned towards his face. His eyes sparkled with hatred when he spoke, "You are arrested on order of the King and you shall get your rightful sentence, Adan." "What am I accused of? Where is Legolas?" If the eyes of the guard could have reflected the fires of Mordor, they did now. He hissed dangerously, "Should you not know where the Prince is, Adan? After all, you are accused of attempted murder of a member of the royal family. If I were you, I would start praying that Prince Legolas lives." "What? No, I did not…" Aragorn's excuse was cut short when one of the guard that held his arms backhanded him sharply. Aragorn's head was ringing and he did not fight the four guards that dragged him towards the palace. More and more elves exited the building, eyeing him with open distrust and hatred. They whispered and pointed at him. It was when another healer hastened by, headed towards the healing wing, that Aragorn realized that all of this was no joke. Something had happened to Legolas while he had been away. He had been attacked. Someone, someone had tried to kill Legolas. Thousands of thoughts raced through Aragorn's head. Who? Why? How? Was Legolas still alive? What had happened? The guards led him down the stony corridors of the palace, silent and threatening. The elves that stared at him became fewer, the noise of the guards that guarded the palace grew fainter, and when one of the elves guarding Aragorn opened a strong wooden door that closed loudly behind them, the sounds of the palace vanished. Stepping through the door, Aragorn was lead down a stone staircase. It was dark in the corridor, the air was cold and wet. Torches sputtered in their holders on the walls, and the further down they went, the colder it became. A shudder crept across Aragorn's spine and the hairs on his neck stood on end. He knew where the guards would bring him. Not to one of the arresting rooms of the royal family, where misbehaving petitioners or drunken guests were brought. No, they were escorting him to the dungeons. The guards shoved him through one of the many cell doors that lined the walls, making him stumble and fall heavily against the wall in the back of the cell. Aragorn turned around to see the guards close the door and lock it. The small peep hole in the door was opened and a guard called disgustedly, "Don't get too comfortable, Adan. If I know the King your stay will be short lived." The guard closed the small rectangle peep hole, and silence and darkness filled the cell. For a few moments Aragorn could not move at all. His mind was racing, but it all made no sense. Legolas injured? Attacked even? Slowly, Aragorn sank down the cold wall. This could not be happening. It was so unreal. Coming to sit on his behind on the damp stone floor that was only barely strewn with hay, Aragorn drew his legs up towards his chest, placing his head on his knees. How could this have happened? Tbc...