he saw his closest friends' obvious embarrassment. Instead he grasped his shoulders making their eyes lock as Legolas looked up, and said "Númi has always been a beauty Legolas, now… she is bewitching. You were by no means alone in staring at her." Legolas tried to smile but failed miserably, feeling like an elfling caught with his hand in the cookie jar. He had not been aware of his own staring; all he had apprehended was this beauty and her green eyes. The rest was a bit blurry to him. He hastily took a step backwards to get loose from Aragorns grip and said with a thick voice "Goheno nin, but I believe I need a huge beer", and descended as quickly yet gracefully as he could bring himself to manage. Gimli walked up to Aragorn "Mind telling me what that was all about?" "I would if I myself knew Gimli…" he answered as he watched Legolas sink a huge beer and then yet another. The Elf looked really shaken. "Should I be worried?" The concern in the Dwarfs voice could not be mistaken. And although Aragorn himself was a bit stunned by the Elfs sudden urge to flee, he did not wish to worry Gimli any further, so he put on a convincing smile and said "No my friend, I believe he will be fine", even if Aragorn wondered if he said it to calm Gimli or himself. Gimli was about to protest, and Aragorn had no desire to continue the discussion at this point, feeling he might give away his own concerns, so he quickly suggested they have another beer hoping his short friend would drop the matter for the time being. Gilmi gave him a stern look, but understanding the hint he accepted without further discussion. Númi, although dancing and seemingly enjoying herself, had also noticed what had happened between the two friends. Her gaze might have left the Elf, but she had still had him in her eyesight without anyone noticing it. Now she saw him standing by the barrels of beer trying not to look her way, yet not quite managing. She thought of letting his torment go on for yet a little while longer, but decided her own curiosity was more important. So she thanked Eómer for the dance, and went outside the gates of the Golden Hall to look at the stars and catch some fresh air. As she had anticipated Legolas soon joined her, standing beside her in utter silence. She smiled to herself, wondering if she would have to be the one to start a conversation yet again. But decided that the silence was quite nice in contrast to the noise in the hall, so she kept quiet. After a while Legolas began feeling uneasy from the silence between them "Ai… there are so many a things I wish to ask you, but I cannot seem to find the words. By Valar, what is wrong with me?!" he thought. He did not move a muscle, yet Númi picked up on his discomfort. "I do not bite you know" she said turning her head towards him with a disarming smile on her lips. Legolas felt he was beginning to blush and thanked Valar for the darkness of the night. He felt her gaze on him and knew it would be rude not to meet her eyes, so he swallowed and nervously looked into them. There was nothing but kindness in them, kindness and warmth. He felt himself relaxing a little, yet still did not know what to say to her. His heart was pounding so fast and hard he was almost afraid she might hear it. He was baffled by his own feelings, by the way his body and mind was reacting to this beautiful woman beside him. No matter how much he tried to make sense of it, he simply could not understand it. Their eyes were locked again, none of them wishing to turn their gaze away. Suddenly a hint of tease showed up in hers and she said "Are you always this quiet, or is it merely my presence?" Legolas wrinkled his eyebrows in surprise, and let out a little chuckle as a shy smile came over his lips "I… no." Her smile broadened and her eyes began sparkling "So it is my presence then that deprives you of your power of speech?" To this Legolas did not know what would be a proper and polite answer, so again he said nothing. Númi turned to stand in front of him and reached for his hand. As soon as she took it into hers Legolas yet again felt his heart skip a few beats, for the second time that evening. Her touch was soft yet there was strength to it, and again he got the distinct feeling she was more then met the eye. Her eyes found his again and this time they were serious. "Legolas… do not let my appearance trick you into believing I am something that I am not. Not all things are what they seem, and I am no exception." He was about to protest but she softly put a finger on his lips, hindering him as he was finally about to speak. "Please do not gainsay me lest you know of what you speak, and you do not… Now I bid you goodnight for I have an early morning…" And with this said, she softly caressed his cheek still gazing into his eyes, and then she was gone. Legolas was stunned… no one had ever effected him like this before. He touched his cheek where her hand had caressed him, and was overwhelmed by emotions he did not understand. His entire being was behaving in a way it had never before. It was a pleasant yet frightening experience he simply could not grasp… "I must be cheated by some spell, for I do not understand any of this… by Valar… what is happening to me?"