it at the beast and try to take the beast with him. The moment he lifted his arm, the beast turned its head to the side, as if it had heard a sound, and a moment later, it had forgotten Aragorn and was gone. Flabbergasted, Aragorn almost realized too late what that meant. Legolas must have managed to get the creatures attention. Legolas! Stemming his body off the ground and clenching his teeth at the pain, Aragorn looked around. Where was Legolas? In that moment, a roar echoed across the battle side, then a howl so full of pain that it send shivers down Aragorn's spine. And then he heard the worst that he had ever heard in his life. Absolute silence. Nothing stirred, nothing made a sound. "Legolas? Legolas!" Aragorn called worriedly, but no one answered. Where was Legolas? Was he alive. Aragorn's grey eyes scanned the place and then his eyes lighted on the unmoving form of the beast, crumbled behind a bush to the right of him. Wincing at the pain in his body but pushing it to the back of his mind, Aragorn hasted to the beast. He needed not look twice to the see that it was dead. Blood was gurgling out of its neck, where an elvish dagger had cut through an artery. It had probably been dead before it had hit the ground. But, where was Legolas? "Legolas? LEGOLAS!" A groan. A soft groan that was barely audible, but Aragorn heard it nevertheless. It came from under the beast, and when Aragorn knelt down in the blood, he spotted a part of a green sleeve stick out from under the body. "Legolas? Can you hear me, Legolas?" Aragorn began to shift the dead weight of the beast, and after a few tries, the body moved enough to reveal the form of the elf. Legolas moaned, but his eyes were closed and his whole body bloody. In the weak moonlight, Aragorn could not tell whether it was all Legolas's blood, but he hoped that it was not so. "Legolas, can you hear me? Pedo, mellon, seas." Aragorn pleaded, and when he pulled the elf out from under the carcass, he was rewarded with another groan, louder this time. Pulling Legolas's head in his lap and wiping the blood soaked strands of hair out of the too place face, Aragorn began to speak soothingly to the elf. After a few moments, the eyelids fluttered, and then Legolas opened his eyes. Upon seeing his friend, Legolas smiled, a genuine smile, and Aragorn felt his heart lift in relief. "Legolas, you scared me." "I think I scared myself there for a moment." Then Legolas's eyes strayed to the dead form of the beast, and he sighed in relief. "It is over." "Aye, Legolas, it is." Aragorn said, and then turned serious, "How bad are you injured?" "Not that bad, I think. Just winded." Legolas lied, but he knew that Aragorn would know it, and so he added with a sheepish grin, "I will live, Dunadan, do not worry. Elves are hardy." Not able to suppress his foolish grin, Aragorn commented, "Make sure you live, elf, for there are some things we really need to talk about." "Oh, and what about?" Legolas asked, while he helped Aragorn to peel away his tunic to tend to the most serious wounds. "Well, timing, for example. What happened?" Aragorn asked, wrapping a part of his cloak around Legolas's upper arm, where the beast had bit him. "I was diverted, Aragorn, I am sorry." Aragorn snorted and then hissed when Legolas pressed a piece of cloth against the claw marks in his chest. "Diverted? By what? The stars?" Legolas gave him an indignant look, as if he would not be diverted by something as insignificant as the stars. Shaking his head and applying a bit more pressure on the chest wound to stop the blood flow, he said "Of course not the stars, Aragorn. The trees, of course. Their song tonight is marvellous." A snicker came from Aragorn, and a moment later both of them were giggling in after battle relief, needing to get the tension out of their bodies. When they had calmed down, Legolas tilted his head to the side, listening. "Your rangers are coming." "Really? I think I need to talk with them about timing too." Aragorn said, and then rested his back against a tree, wincing. "Legolas?" he suddenly said seriously. "Aye?" A quick look told Legolas that Aragorn was not joking any longer. "Legolas, why did you do that?" "Do what, Aragorn?" "Jump at the beast. It could have killed you." Seriously, Legolas answered, "It was the only thing I could do to save your life. And I would do it again." Confusion shone in Aragorn's eyes, "Yes, but, …why?" A small smile played around Legolas's lips and he looked Aragorn deep into the eyes when he answered, "Stupid human. Because you are my friend, Aragorn. I would give my life for you, mellon nin." "And I for you, Legolas. I would do the same for you mellon. Lets just hope it never comes to that." They smiled and then sat in silence, knowing that all that needed to be said had been said, contend. A few minutes later, the rest of the hunting party arrived, eyes growing wide upon seeing the dead beast, that turned out to be half warg and half werewolf. As it seemed, the werewolves even attacked wargs when hungry. Never in their lives did Aragorn and Legolas forget the night that had nearly cost them their lives, but that had shown them once more that friendship could prevail over darkness and evil and always would. Friends fought for each other, bled for each other, and when worst came to pass, died for each other. Darkness knew nothing of the power of friendship, and that is the reason evil would not rule Middle-earth. Not as long as Aragorn and Legolas lived. The End.