the way to heal completely. The wounds finally started to heal, and he and Halbarad decided that they would the next day. Late that night, they both sat at a small fire, huddled in their cloaks. Munching on some nuts that were left from the last fall, Halbarad sighed miserably, "How could you sell your pipe weed, Aragorn? I just can't believe it." Taking a deep breath, Aragorn had just opened his mouth to answer, when the sound of approaching horses reached his ears. Immediately, both rangers grabbed their swords and got to their feet. Seeing that Aragorn was still ill and injured, Halbarad moved to stand slightly in front of him. But they should not have worried. A few moments later, two ponies came into view, carrying their Hobbit riders. Lowering his sword, Aragorn greeted the travellers, "Well meet, Master Hal. Elring." The Hobbits seemed surprised to see Aragorn there, but returned the greeting. Then, they sat uncertainly on their ponies, not really sure what to do next. It was Aragorn who helped them decide. "The night is cold, Master Hobbits. It would be an honour for us if you would share our fire." Hal and Elring exchanged one long look, but then Elring shrugged, and climbed from his pony. His father followed him a moment later. While Halbarad tended to the ponies, Aragorn bade the Hobbits to sit down by the fire. "I see you are mostly recovered, Master Hobbit." Aragorn said, noticing the healthy colour of the Hobbit's cheeks. "Aye, I am." Hal said, looking uncomfortable. After Aragorn had left the camp under the willow tree, his son had told him in great detail what had happened, and how the ranger had saved his life. The old Hobbit now felt rather ungrateful and embarrassed for having treated Aragorn so badly. "I am glad to hear that." Aragorn said, just as Halbarad returned to the fire. "Hear what?" Halbarad asked, sitting down and adding another log to the fire. Nodding at the two Hobbits, Aragorn explained, "These are Master Hal and his son Elring. We met a few days ago on the road, quite by chance." The two Hobbits inclined their heads in greeting, and Elring asked Aragorn friendly, "And you are? You know, although you helped my father and I, you never told us your name." "My name is Strider, and this is Halbarad." Aragorn said, coughing slightly. "Oh." Elring made, suddenly knowing the reason why Aragorn had found his father's name interesting. "Two Hal's, then." Aragorn simply nodded and tightened his cloak around his shoulders; the wind was biting this night. Across the fire, the two Hobbits began to unpack their supper, and in but a few minutes the two Hobbits had manage to eat more than Aragorn and Halbarad had eaten in a week. Halbarad gave his friend a sideway glance, and when the thought the Hobbits would not hear, he whispered, "I think I know now where your healing supplies went." Smiling gently, Aragorn simply nodded. But Halbarad was not yet finished, "Next time, my friend, don't use them all when you are ill, too. Promise?" "You know I cannot promise such a thing, Halbarad." Aragorn answered truthfully, and Halbarad let the matter rest, knowing that his friend always thought of others, before he thought of his own well being. Seeing that Hobbits have good hearing, both Hal and Elring had heard Halbarad's words, and they exchanged a long look. Guilt crept over Hal's face, and he bowed his head in shame. Not only had he refused to repair this man's boots, no, he had also been so terribly ungrateful to him, although the ranger had saved his life by endangering his own. That night, many, many thoughts raced through the Hobbit's mind, and it was late before he finally fell asleep. In the morning, rangers and Hobbits broke camp early. Hal and Elring would travel South, while Aragorn and Halbarad would head West. Aragorn had just lifted the last of Elring's bag onto the pony, when the old Hobbit approached him. "Master Strider, I want to…I…" He cleared his throat, then began again. "Next time you are in Bree, come into my store. I am sure I can repair those boots of yours next time." And before Aragorn could answer, the Hobbit turned around hastened to his pony and sat up. Elring quickly followed his father's example. Hal steered his pony to where Aragorn stood and then placed a leather pouch into his hands. "It is not much, but…thank you." And with that the old Hobbit steered his pony onto the path that would lead him and his son their destiny. "Godspeed!" Aragorn called after them, and Elring waved back over his shoulder, before the riders rode out of sight. "Well, we should be on our way, too. If you feel up to it." Halbarad said, taking Aragorn's pack onto his own shoulders. "Let's go." That night, Halbarad and Aragorn enjoyed the present the old Hobbit had given Aragorn. "My friend." Halbarad said, "That is the best pipe weed I have ever tasted." Grinning, Aragorn breathed in deeply, enjoying the rich taste of the weed. "Indeed, it is." Halbarad stretched out his long legs before him, puffed on his pipe and gazed into the distance. It was some minutes later that he commented with a twinkle in his eyes, "Aragorn, I think I finally know the real reason we protect The Shire." Blowing out a cloud of smoke, Aragorn lifted an eyebrow, "Oh, is that so?" Not even he knew the real reason they protected The Shire, seeing that Gandalf had never imparted that information on him, although Aragorn had his guesses. "Yes, Aragorn." Halbarad nodded eagerly. "The real reason we protect The Shire…" He lifted his pipe into the air triumphantly, "is pipe weed!" And Aragorn burst out into loud laughter, the worries and aches of the last few days forgotten. The End. What do you think? Let me know please. Thanks!