showing me that he likes me? Breaking the ice?' Aragorn thought morosely. 'Then I really do not want to know what he would do if he considers me family one day.' But he did not say these things aloud, letting Legolas enjoy the spring sun in peace. And if he was honest with himself, somewhere deep down, Aragorn was feeling honored that the mighty King of Mirkwood, who had fought so many battles and won so many victories, liked him enough to want to scare him. After all, during all those years that Aragorn now visited Mirkwood, the King had always shown him the utmost respect. And considering that he and Legolas were more than simply 'friends', which was no secret either, Aragorn admitted that it was amazing that the King had not thrown him out years ago. The two riders crossed a small stone bridge that stretched across a gurgling stream, before they entered the deeper woods. Deciding that dwelling on the subject of his relationship with King Thranduil was not the best way of starting this lovely day, Aragorn sighed deeply and buried the theme in the back of his head. Breathing in the fresh air, he looked around, amazed at the change in scenery this early spring had brought to the forest. Aragorn had stayed the winter in Mirkwood, enjoying his off time from the rangers with his best friend and lover. During that time, snow and ice had covered most of Mirkwood's forests, with frozen rivers and hard earth. The hunting trips and patrols he had joined had been less than comfortable; more often than not he had stayed awake through the night, afraid that his toes or fingers would freeze off. But now, only a few weeks into Viresse, the weather was warm and the sun had shown for more days than it had rained. The grass was green and lush, while the rivers and streams gurgled merrily, sparkling and shining in the sunlight. Off the path, the birds chirped in the trees, while squirrels chased each other round and round happily. Flowers blossomed already, although by right they should not have been awake yet. The bright, light green of the new born leaves battled with the blue of sky; it was sight to behold. Tilting his head towards the sun and enjoying the warmth, Aragorn smiled contentedly. This, he thought, was the perfect beginning to a hopefully great trip. Beside him, Legolas enjoyed the sun himself, relaxing the reigns and giving his horse all the freedom it needed. The road they were using was still close enough to the elven settlements to be guarded thoroughly, and he knew that nothing would happen to them. Orcs and wolves did not dare to come this far north, and the shadow had not spread so far yet. This area was still as lovely as it had been hundreds of years ago. For almost an hour they rode in comfortable silence, simply happy to be together. The sunlight painted a wonderful mosaic of light and shadow on the path, and the chirping of the birds and the buzz of the insects created a peaceful background melody and soothed them both. When the sun rose higher and the air became warmer, Aragorn shrugged out of his thicker leather overcoat, and after a moments contemplation he rolled up the sleeves of his grey shirt as well. "Will this not be too cold, Estel?" Legolas asked, watching while Aragorn folded his overcoat and stuffed it into one of his saddlebags. "Oh no. The sun is strong enough. There is no wind either." Aragorn shrugged, giving Legolas a small smile. Leaning back in his saddle, Aragorn patted his horse's neck. "So, Lake-town. You have been there before, have you not?" Legolas nodded. "Aye. Many years ago, before the dragon Smaug scorched the mountains and destroyed most of the town. I have not been there since…" he screwed his face up in thought, "almost 200 years, I think." Aragorn's eyes widened in disbelief, "Two hundred years? You told me you knew the town!" "I do." Legolas answered, smiling. "So much cannot have changed since my last visit." Giving the elf a disbelieving look, Aragorn shook his head. "Legolas, I'm sorry to say that, but two hundred years is longer than most humans live. Everything will have changed." "Well, then we will have to explore it together." Legolas winked at him, making Aragorn all warm and comfortable inside. "And besides, the thought behind this trip was to show Lake-town to you. You are the one who wanted to see it and get to know the area. If this journey serves to enlighten me as well, I am more than happy to have come along." Legolas added, shrugging. "Aye." Aragorn replied mock sourly. "But a certain elf who will remain unnamed here, told me to know the town and its inhabitants, and to be happy to show me all he knew." With a sparkle of mischief in his eyes, Legolas leaned closer towards Aragorn, speaking softly, "And I will show you all I know. Have I not always?" Aragorn needed only the fraction of a second to understand the meaning behind those words, and he blushed a sweet tinge of pink. Laughing, Legolas leaned back, gesturing at the road. "We will never make it there before fall if we keep this pace." And with that said he pressed his thighs into the horse's flanks, galloping down the road. Shaking his head at the elf's antics, Aragorn patted his horse and then sped after his friend. He had a feeling, that this trip would be more than interesting. Especially with Legolas around. To be continued -bites nails nervously- So, what do you think? Is it that bad? -looks suspiciously at readers- You can be honest, really, I can take it. -smiles vervously- BUT, you could consider putting your critics into nice wording. Or serve it with a yummy cappuchino, sprinkeled with some chocolate and cream...-drool- cappuchino...