Aragorn looked at Minardil, who had stopped his horse right beside him. He let the older ranger read in his eyes for a moment, before he spoke, "I want you to return to The Angle on the quickest and safest route possible. Make few stops and whatever you hear or see, don't turn back. If the orcs enter the valley and, Valar forbid, break through the elves' defenses, they will overrun Eriador and therewith our homes, too." "And you, Aragorn?" Minardil asked, looking very unsurprised. "I will stay here, at the Bruinen. If the orcs try to cross here I will make my way back to warn the elves." Minardil gave him a long look, then shook his head. "I will be damned if I let you here alone, Aragorn. This river looks to me like an invitation to the orcs. If you stay, I will stay as well. Someone has to guard your back, after all, if things get ugly." One look in the calm eyes of the older ranger was enough to convince Aragorn that Minardil's decision would not be changed. Nodding his head in acceptance of the offer, Aragorn turned towards the other rangers, but he had barely turned his head when another ranger spoke up. "If my Chieftain stays, then I will stay." The other rangers repeated the sentiment, nodding their heads. As much as it honored Aragorn that his men offered to stay, he shook his head, "If the orcs come to cross the river, our position will be difficult to hold. If you stay, you will most likely never leave again." For a moment the rangers simply gazed at him, but then they nodded one after the other. They would not leave their Chieftain behind, and when Aragorn thought that a death defending the home of the elves was an honorable death, then they would join him in Mandos's halls without regret. Night slowly fell over the lands, and with it a silence that was only broken by the occasional lonely hoot of an owl or the gurgling of the river. The rangers had brought the horses as far away as possible, not wanting to endanger them. The youngest of the rangers was staying with them, having the strict order to flee to Imladris as soon as he heard the first shouts of battle. And then they had taken up position along the banks of the river, hiding behind the trees and in the underbrush. Night fell completely and clouds hid the stars from view, a fresh and quick wind signaling rain. Midnight came and went and still they waited swords and bows at the ready. Aragorn moved slightly, taking his weight off his right knee and shifting it to his left. His grey eyes darted across the banks of the Bruinen, searching for any sign that his feeling had been right, that the Bruinen was not as safe as the elves thought. Next to him, Minardil watched Aragorn almost as carefully as the river. When Aragorn shifted his weight once more only a few moments later, the older ranger whispered softly, "Tell me what bothers you, Aragorn." It was a testament of their long years of friendship that Aragorn merely grimaced slightly, but did not pretend that nothing was wrong. He shot the river and the dark trees at the other bank another look, before he turned around to face Minardil. "I worry." "That much I can see." Minardil quirked an eyebrow at Aragorn, but his eyes were serious. "You don't only worry about the orcs. Tell me." Heaving a small sigh, Aragorn turned his attention back towards the river, but he answered nevertheless. "These orcs must have spied on Imladris for weeks, gathering all the information they could. They must know that the East and the North are too closely watched by the elves. Furthermore any attack would be hindered by the high cliff walls. And in the South the forest is thinning, elves archers could take out the orcs way too easily in an attack. No," Aragorn shook his head, "the much more easy way to reach the valley would be right here." Gesturing at the Bruinen, Aragorn continued, "Every creature of the Dark Lord knows that the magic of the elves protects the valley, as is the Bruinen. That is why they do not dare to cross it. But what would be if they diverted the attention of the elves?" Aragorn locked his eyes with Minardil's, his face showing his worry. "Then," Minardil said slowly, "they would attack here, tonight." Aragorn nodded his head solemnly, thinking about his foster brothers and Glorfindel and all the other friends he still had in Imladris, who were right now miles away from where he was, waiting for a fight that they would not have to fight. And Aragorn had no illusions. He knew that he and his rangers would never be able to hold off the orcs long enough for any of the warriors to reach them. But maybe long enough to alert the elves who had stayed behind in the settlement to reach safety somehow. A cold gust of wind blew across the river, bringing with it the first droplets of rain and…the unmistakable sound of marching feet. A lot of steel booted, heavy feet that stomped through the trees at the other side of the river. Aragorn felt the hairs at the back of his neck stand on end, and he automatically gripped his bow and nocked an arrow. He did not have to look at his rangers to know that they had heard the orcs, too, and were readying their weapons. Only a few moments later the first foul creature slipped out from between the trees, a crude scimitar glittering in the sparse light. Another creature followed, then a third, a fourth. More and more beasts poured forth from the forest, evil looking and heavily armed. They stopped at the bank of the river, growling and snarling. To be continued