he has proven himself to be a great host of parties, and that the crops have been good and plenty for decades. (I suspect the soil of Lorien has something to do with it). Mistress Rose is lovely as ever. But do you know how many children he has?! He has thirteen. And without any twins, either. Needless to say, Merry and I are altogether very surprised. I do believe Rose is tired out from having so many, and I hope he does not have any more, for his benefit. As for me, as I have said, I am well. Being Thain can be tiring work, of course, but it is not so bad. I worried for a while I would not have enough time for Faramir, but I do. I fear to say he is growing up to be much like me at his age, eleven, and moreover, he has recruited Sam's daughter Goldilocks to his cause of mischief-making. They are really the best of friends, and for that I am glad. He was so lonely for a time, cousin. Times are well and simple. I only wish you were here to share them with us all. I wish my son could have met the uncle he has heard so many good things about. Love, Your Pippin" 28 July 1483 "My dear Cousin Frodo, Again it was been so many years since I wrote you a letter. I don't know why I stopped, because I feel that writing these letters has actually helped me a good deal, in times of need. I suppose I simply needed a way to pour out all my feelings. But so many things got in the way, and I will admit I continue to feel silly for writing these letters. Were Diamond still alive, she would probably whack me over the head for wasting good parchment and ink. But she is not, and has been dead a good many years. I miss her still, and I still miss you. A few days ago I found myself with someone else to miss. Sam's Rosie died early in the winter, and only just recently Sam decided to leave Middle-earth. He is sailing across the sea to join you in Valinor. He and his daughter Elanor stopped by the Smials to tell me that he was leaving, and asked me please not to follow him to the harbour, where Elanor was to see him off. He stopped to say goodbye. It was all so very sudden, but I did not stop him. Sam said he had already said goodbye to Merry and I was the only one left. We bid each other farewell and that was that. It's all very strange, knowing that Bag End is so much emptier now. It's his son Frodo, and his wife, that live there now. I have been wondering how long it takes for the boats to arrive in the Grey Havens. Is Sam there? Are you there, Sam? If so, these next words are for you alone. If my cousin is there, I would have you look after him. Do as you did on the Quest so many years ago. How long ago the Quest is! I was just a lad then. It seems so very long ago. I am an old man now, cousin, and I don't know if you are still alive. But I like to think that you are, so that it means you don't have to be so alone any longer. Love, Your Pip-lad" 3 December 1485 [ in shaky hand ] "Dear Frodo and Sam, Hello. I never imagined I'd write this letter, but here I am writing it. [ smudged inkblots ] very sudden really, but not quite a rash decision on Merry and mine's parts. Really we have been thinking about it for a very long time, he and I. It will hurt, I know, to leave Faramir and my granddaughter, especially when she is young enough she won't have very many memories of me, but I can think of no other option. When we went on the Quest, I of course always yearned for the Shire more than anything. I got excited in some of the adventure, and I made friends that I will never forget, but in truth I mostly longed for the comforts of home. And then when I got there I felt I did not fit in anywhere, because I didn't feel like a hobbit anymore, not completely. I fell in love and had good times and drank the best ale in Middle-earth and raised a son whom I love more than anyone in my world, [ several tear stains smudge ink, but it is still legible ] but I never fully adjusted. I don't know if you knew that or not. But I know you must have felt the same way, cousin, because it is why you left. [ smudged inkblots ] tand you all the better. But lately all this has left me feeling more out of place than ever. Age, I suppose. I feel so big now, so big I could never fit back into the world. [ smudged inkblots, indecipherable text ] Merry and I are leaving the Shire. We will not be going to Valinor, though I am going to ride off to the harbour after I finish this before Merry comes to get me, to cast this letter out to sea. We will be going to Minas Tirith. I think it will be a good place for us, and Strider once told us he would welcome us there if ever we wanted to go. So this is me, an old man, leaving. It is funny to think that this is the la [ rest of letter indecipherable, ink ruined by tears] And somewhere far away, a small figure read the letter, ran his fingers over the ink-marks on the parchment, then lifted a hand to wipe away a tear. He whispered, "Oh, Pip."