could not think, he was lost in the darkness. He drew his knees to his body and wrapped his arms around them, trembling. The coldness settled in his bones with crushing pain, and once more the silence of the cave pressed on his ears. When the first tear rolled down his dirty cheeks, he bedded his head on his knees, letting them flow freely in the darkness. The darkness made him weaker, made him loose hope, but the darkness was not the worst. He could fight against the darkness. It was the silence that beat him. They had taken Aragorn away from him, and he had not been able to stop them. They had killed him. And soon, they would come to take him, too. And then he knew that he was now truly alone in the dark. He waited in the dark, unable and unwilling to find the will to fight. He knew, when they came for the next time, he would not go back to this cave. But they did not come for him that day. And not the next day. Legolas was ripped out of an uneasy sleep by shuffling sounds in the tunnel. Wiping his hands across his cheeks, Legolas lifted his aching body into a sitting position. He was ready. The sounds came closer to the door, so familiar. The key rattled in the lock, and then the door was thrust open. But behind it there was no darkness, but bright torchlight. Too bright for eyes that were used to the darkness the orcs loved so much. Flinching, Legolas lifted his arm in front of his face, turning away from the light that streamed into the cave. Then, someone shouted something, and the next moment he felt himself being engulfed in an embrace. Confused, Legolas looked at the someone, only to realize that it was one of the twins. He could not make out which one, for his eyes were watering, but he was sure that it was one of the sons of Elrond. "Legolas! By the Valar, we thought you were dead." The twin said, letting go of him. Blinking against the light of the torch, Legolas glanced at the door. He could see some more elves in the garb of the warriors of Imladris, and behind them some dead orcs lay in the tunnel. Through lips cracked from lack of water, Legolas said slowly, "You came, you found us." "Aye, we found you, Legolas." The twin said, glancing quickly around the small cave. Now in the light of the torches, Legolas could see the dried blood stains on walls and ground, and the remnants of the rat that he had tossed away. The flesh of the dead animal was covered in a greenish fungus. The sight made his stomach churn violently, and he closed his eyes until it had passed. The twin placed a hand on his shoulder, "Legolas, where is Estel?" Alone in the dark. He was alone in the dark and Legolas knew that even though he was found now, rescued by warriors that had been sent out to search for them when they had failed to reach Imladris, he would not see the light again the way he had done before all this had happened. Swallowing thickly, he locked his eyes with the twin, a part of his brain recognizing him as Elladan, "They did not bring him back the last time. He is not here." "Legolas, what do you mean?" There was worry in Elladan's voice, worry and fear. "He is gone." Legolas said softly, before he buried his face in his hands, shutting out the light to be alone in the dark again. There were sounds around him, orders to search the whole tunnel system were given. Movement told him that the elves spread out to search for the young ranger. He did not understand why they looked for him. Aragorn was alone in the dark, as was he. Strong arms lifted him and carried him out of the small cave, up the tunnel, making the familiar shuffling noises although they were elves. They brought him to the mouth of the cave, where the stench of the orcs was not that strong, where he could have seen the stars had he looked. But he did not. His wounds were treated and he was given water and food. And with the worried eyes of the elves on him, he fell asleep, knowing that he would wake up in darkness. Whispers woke him, rising into louder murmurs while he listened. Then shouts and yells. Slowly, Legolas opened his eyes, turned his head into the direction the shouts came from and tried to make out what it was all about. The warriors of Imladris blocked his view from the tunnel that led to the lower parts of the cave system. But then they parted, revealing Elladan and Elrohir. The older of the two carried something in his arms, wrapped in a cloak. Then, one pale and bloody arm fell from the bundle, and Legolas knew that they had found Aragorn. He closed his eyes again. Had he not told them that he was gone? But to his confusion, the murmurs did not die down, but grew in intensity. Orders were given and a strange activity filled the place. More confused than ever, Legolas sat up slowly, holding his broken ribs and trying to ignore his damaged hip. Through the legs of the elves he could see Elladan place Aragorn down on a bedroll, stroking dark hair from the sweaty forehead. And then, as if he had felt his look upon him, Elladan turned and locked his eyes with Legolas's. A small, almost invisible smile turned the corners of his mouth. In the next moment, another elf barred Legolas's sight, but he knew. He had read it in Elladan's gaze. Aragorn was alive. He was not alone in the dark anymore. They were both not alone in the dark anymore. The End.