at him lovingly, the elder elf's eyes bright with pride, the smile making his face younger: "It would have surprised me if you had been able, my son. And it makes me proud of you that you have not killed it." Hope rose in his chest at his father's word, but more so at the sight of his father's eyes. Words could betray and lie, but eyes could not. And his father was speaking the truth. Looking back to the still drinking animal, confusion came to Legolas´ eyes. "But father, I don't understand….." Moving closer to his son and wiping away the tears on his son's cheek with a tender stroke of his fingers, the King answered: "Do you remember what I asked you when we came to the stream, ion nin?" Nodding, Legolas answered, but he still did not understand: "Aye, you asked me what I saw." Wrapping an arm around his son's shoulder, the King nodded: "Aye, Legolas. And what did you answer me?" "That I see nature, and life." The prince said timidly, fighting against more tears. His feelings and his father's actions did not match each other and the confusion he had felt would not leave him. Looking out over the river, taking in the flowers, the insects and then the deer, the King smiled at his son and told him gently, his voice full of emotion: "Aye, my son. Nature and life. And they are surrounding us. Sheltering us when we are lost and embracing us when we are alone. We, you and I, are part of the nature and of life itself. Legolas, why do you think you could not shoot the deer?" The question made the elfling shiver. What should he tell his father? The truth, but what was the truth? Legolas did not know why he had not been able to shoot and therefore he answered what came to his mind: "My aim was not perfect, father." The King suppressed the chuckle that wanted to escape his lips. Oh, how he loved his son, his little Greenleaf. Squeezing his son's shoulder tenderly, he bent his head down and asked: "Was that the only reason, Legolas?" No, it was not and Legolas knew it. He bowed his head once more and shook it, whispering: "No father. I was afraid." "Afraid of what, my son?" "Afraid to, afraid to kill the deer." "And because of that I am so proud of you, ion nin." Legolas did not understand what his father wanted to tell him. How could he be proud? He had done nothing to deserve his father's pride. And he told the King: "But father, how can you be proud of me when I failed you so terribly?" The desperate tone in his son's voice was more than Thranduil could bear and with a mighty rush he took his small elfling up into his arms and hugged him fiercely against his strong chest, gently whispering into his son's ear: "Oh, Legolas. You did not fail me, you never could. I am so proud of you because you showed be today that you possess more strength and wisdom than many other elves I have know. Ion nin, do you want to know why you have not been able to shoot the deer?" Legolas nodded, the movement at his chest causing the King to stroke his son's blond hair gently. "Legolas, you have not been able to shoot the deer, because you honour nature and life. What reason has there been to kill the animal? We have enough food, there was no need to kill today. And you have hesitated to shoot because you have a tender heart, a compassionate soul and a loving nature, my son. The one who kills out of pleasure will be the one to fail, Legolas. You could never shame me, my son. Never." The King resumed stroking his son's hair, waiting for his son's answer. He knew that his small elfling would need some time to contemplate his words and he would give his son all the time he would need. After a while, when the tears had dried, Legolas mumbled softly: "Ada?" "Yes, my son?" "What would have happened if I had shot the deer?" "I knew you would not and I have not been wrong. That is all that matters, my son." A faint movement at the stream made the King turn is son around his arms. Stroking Legolas´ cheek gently and placing a strand of fine hair behind the elfling´s ear, he softly said, pointing to the water below: "Legolas, look." Shifting his gaze to the clear river below and the blossoming flowers, Legolas saw how the deer lifted its head, its ears flicking back to the bushed it had come from. A moment later the green plants parted and then, suddenly, another animal followed, a small and young kid. It bounced towards its mother, full of life and energy. And now, Legolas understood what his father had wanted to tell him and he was relieved and happy that he had not shot the deer. For the deer was a mother and the young elf knew what is felt like to grow up without a mother. It was nothing he whished for the young animal. Leaning back at his ada´s strong chest, placing his head at his father's shoulder, he whispered softly: "Hannon le, ada. I love you." "I love you too, my son." And together they sat, watching the family below and enjoying the presence of the other. In later years, Legolas would remember this day and every time he did, a smile would play across his lips. The day that he had spent with his father had been the most wonderful day in his life and he would cherish this day for all his eternal life, never forgetting the love he had felt. The memory was his guide to the light when he was wandering in the dark places of the world. The end.