a few scrapes and scratches, he saw nothing serious. Halbarad lifted a questioning eyebrow, crossing his arms across his chest and tilting his head to the side. Then, slowly, his eyes travelled down Arwen's arm, hand…finger. Following his kinsman's gaze, Aragorn finally saw what his friend had been hinting at. There, in all its ancient glory, the Ring of Barahir sat on Arwen's finger. The silver of the ring was sparkling in the starlight, and the emerald eyes of the two snakes seemed to become alive in the light of the fires and burning branches that still littered the clearing. Swallowing, Aragorn averted his gaze from the ring he had given to Arwen as a sign of his eternal love and devotion to her, and met Arwen's gaze. She, too had noticed Halbarad's look. Shrugging gently, she smiled at Aragorn. "I think that secret of yours is no longer a secret, my love." And then she bent down and kissed him, causing the rangers first to stare, and then to turn around, grinning. The group of rangers and elves had worked most of the day to tend to the few small wounds the fight had cost, and to burn the carcasses of the wargs. They had cleaned the clearing of the blood of the foul beasts, buried the burned bones and scattered the ashes, so that the forest stayed unmarred of the evil that had trespassed. They had all decided to stay for another night, before the elves would head East and the rangers West. Tired from the battle the pervious night and the hard work of the day, the rangers had lain down to rest rather early, as had most of the elves. Midnight came and went, and it was in the darkest hour of the night, when the light seems to leave the world and all becomes quiet and still, that Aragorn and Arwen stood at the gurgling river, bathed in only silver moonlight. Reaching up, Arwen let her fingertips travel across the fresh wound at Aragorn's temple, where the warg had injured him. She frowned, looking concerned. Smiling, Aragorn took her hand in his own. "It is nothing, Arwen. Only a scratch." He said softly, wanting to reassure her. "I know, but still. It could have been so much worse." Shrugging slightly, Aragorn let his free hand brush through her long hair. "I am only happy that you are not hurt." For a moment they simply stood there, but then Arwen started to smile, "What did Halbarad say to the revelation that his bachelor Chieftain is indeed betrothed?" A grimace flittered across Aragorn's face, and Arwen laughed musically. "Was it so bad?" Aragorn took a deep, mock-suffering breath, "The words 'sneaky liar', 'Lord Elrond's daughter!' and 'about time' fell a few times. But I think they are all happy for us." Giving Aragorn a little push, Arwen winked at him, "So, does that mean no more coupling festivities for you?" Eyes growing wide, Aragorn opened his mouth to respond, but then he saw the smirk on Arwen's face. "Halbarad talks too much." "Indeed, he does." Arwen laughed, shaking her head. And Aragorn bent down, lifted her chin with his hand and kissed her, not for the first time thanking all the Valar for the gift of love they had bestowed upon him. Placing her head on Aragorn's shoulder and wrapping her arms around him, Arwen said softly, "I do not want to leave on the morrow. We had so little time." Stroking her hair, Aragorn felt his own heart breaking at the tearful tone of her voice. "I wish we could stay here for longer, but you have to return to Lorien before the snow falls, and I have to return to The Angle." "When will we see each other again, Aragorn?" What she did not say was that she feared that she would not see him again at all. The battle with the wargs had shown her once more hoe dangerous life was, especially for the rangers that travelled the wild. Sighing and bestowing a kiss on her hair, Aragorn shook his head, "I do not know, my love. But I hope soon." "Why don't you come to Lorien in spring?" Arwen asked. "You travel Arda from East to West and North to South, but never do you set foot near my home." Closing his eyes in pain, Aragorn did not know how to answer. Oh, how many times had he looked to the East, wishing to go to Lorien, to meet Arwen, hold her close. But, he knew that should he ever again enter the Golden Wood and meet Arwen there, he would not leave again, at least not on his own free will. Lothlorien was a haven of peace and security, a place where he had been really, universally happy since many, many years. No, would he meet her there, he would not be able to leave her again. But he had to, he knew, and it nearly broke his heart. Caressing her long hair, Aragorn said gently, "I wish I could, Arwen, but I cannot." Arwen, too, sighed, but then she lifted her head from his shoulder and gazed deep into his grey eyes. A small smile played around her lips, "Sometimes Aragorn, I think that you are like a wandering star, nowhere at home and nowhere for a long period of time. But one day, my love, you will find your place next to another star in a lovely constellation, and will have to wander no more." Speechless for a moment, Aragorn simply looked at her, her slightly quivering lips and the wetness that had gathered in her eyes. With a voice thick of emotions, he finally answered, "I hope so, Arwen. Oh, how I do." And they kissed again, bathed in silver moonlight, hoping for a better, brighter future. Together. The End. So, what do you think? I would love to hear your thoughts on my (almost) first Arwen/Aragorn story. °g°