and whispers in my ear. "I would have you first." I groan and push up against him. He will hear no complaints from me. He is undoing my tunic and breeches. I lie still, willing my heart to slow its beating, but not caring if I were to die at this moment. It would be worth it. I smile and shut my eyes, letting Legolas take over, for the moment. *** The sun filters brightly through the windows, heating my face. I open my lids, weary and exhausted. I have no wish to move and yet I realize that it has been at least a few hours since I entered Legolas's bed chamber. I shift slightly and an arm swings lazily over my chest. I smile as I look down at the limb and I trail a finger lightly down the length, from shoulder to elbow, descending to the silky digits. A sigh escapes the still sleeping elf. I turn my head slightly and my heart lurches at the sight. The beams of light hit his body just so and his bare torso seems darker, tanned, like my own. His eyes are shut, which surprises me. His beautiful hair has come loose from its braids and bindings and I am sure he would be appalled at his state. I however, find it to be the most gloriously seductive sight. I smile again and lean in to whisper into his ear. "Legolas." His eyes snap open and he stiffens for a moment before realizing where he is. All signs of sleep are gone from his face and he looks down at me with question. "Forgive me, my prince. The day grows late and I must depart. Your father thinks I left already." Legolas laughs. "He will be none the wiser. I will take you out to the stables the back way. You will not be seen." For a second I feel as if Legolas is ashamed of me. Then I remember that I am dealing with the King's only son and I am sure he would not take so kindly to what has occurred between us. I nod and move to find my clothing. Legolas follows suit and in a matter of moments we are both dressed and he is fixing his long locks, removing any last trace of what has transpired. I swallow as I look at him and the feeling of morose overcomes me. I am to leave, and he will continue on as if I never existed. The feeling depresses me and I turn away, lest Legolas reads my face. "Are you ready?" I nod and walk to the door. "I must stop at my room and gather my things." We move silently down a passage that I have never seen before. It is barely lit, yet Legolas easily maneuvers his way through, never pausing nor looking to see if I still followed. I swallow down my bitterness and continue on. We finally emerge through the tunnel to a larger stone room. Legolas walks to a large set of doors that look impossibly heavy. He, however has no difficulty opening them and gestures for me to follow. Light hits my face and I am blinded for a moment. I blink and realize we are already outdoors. Moss and vines cover our path but Legolas easily glides his way through. Eventually, we emerge at the stables. Thinking Legolas would take his leave, he surprises me by entering with me. "Which one is yours?" he asks me. "I have none, I came here on foot. It would have been impossible with Gollum. Your father told me I may borrow one from here." Legolas nods. "Of course." He leads me to the back where a beautiful brown mare awaits a rider. "She is swift and strong." I nod and stroke the horse's mane. "My thanks, highness." My voice does not betray me, for that I am grateful. I start to attach my belongings as Legolas brings a saddle. I take my time, attempting to prolong the moment. Unfortunately, Legolas helps and I am ready to be off in no time. I carefully regard Legolas, attempting to keep my face as impassive as his. He reaches out and grabs my shoulder. I swallow and follow suit to formally wish the elf farewell. I try to smile but I fail and turn to the horse instead. I feel a hand on my shoulder and I turn back in question. "I could feel your tension from the palace to here." His statement irks me and I grit my teeth. "What would you have me say, your highness?" "That it was more to you then bedding the Prince of Mirkwood." My eyes grow wide and I turn to him in disbelief. His insecurity is evident in every word. "I am sure your highness is astute in his perception of every situation and would not so easily be fooled", I say carefully. My eyes lock with his and I wish with all my might to erase the unease on his face. Legolas nods briefly and lowers his head. Immediately I reach out and cup his face with both my hands. "Legolas", I whisper. "You don't know what you do to me." I kiss him and he lets me, lifting his arms to my waist. The kiss is gentle but unwavering as I desperately try to erase all traces of unease. I pull back and give him one more kiss on the cheek, for good measure. He smiles then and it must be contagious, as I flash him a toothy grin in return. He steps back and indicates to the horse. I sigh and bow slightly, for formality sake, and mount my horse. I look down at the prince whom I thought indifferent and snobbish, and shake my head as I realize that I could not have been more astray. "I hope our paths cross once more, Lord Aragorn." I smile at that. "Aye. They may yet."