waters became more distilled as we got closer to the waterfall. "I'll stay here." I offered, as Elrond had to grab my forearm and hook an arm around my waist to keep me from falling head first into the pool. "Nay! You shall shower as the Elves of Rivendell do." he mocked me. "It is too difficult. I cannot walk to the falls." I admitted. "My feet are weak and fail me." I mumbled, feeling pathetic. "Feet are not weak, my prince. They are our roots, our foundations. They hold us and lead us. I am grateful for mine. For my feet have taken me far, young Elf. From warm, sandy shores to the cold chills of rock and mud. To the battlefields of dirt and dust. Over soft earthen graves of the friends I lost, and through still, cool waters that refreshed my mind and eased my body. My feet have carried me far, Legolas, to and across this world and its wonders. But tired and well-worn, my feet have led to me to the valley of Imladris, and here I found comfort in the Earth's soil and water. Yours are not weak, but graceful and full of purpose!" He drew me closer to him and I could feel the small hair along his legs and chest tickle my skin in the water. His lips grazed my neck and he nipped at the lobe of my ear from behind me, wrapping his hands around my waist. "Though," he growled, a low velvet purr in my ear. "they sometimes need guidance." And with that said, he lifted my waist, aiding by the water and slid his feet under my own. I gasped at the contact the closeness had on our bodies; his legs behind mine, his chest pressed against my back. He held my hands as he walked, both me and him, to under the powerful waters. "Many people will tell you to listen to your heart, Legolas. But that is not always true." he purred, the spray of the waterfall beginning to dampen my hair in a relaxing way. "Your heart will tell you what to decide but your feet, it is your feet that will tell you where to go!" he uttered, kissing my neck. He reached in front of me and grabbed a small handful of berries from the basket he had floating in the water. It was the things he brought from his room, I realized, as he crushed the berries in his powerful hands and began to rub them into my hair. He began singing a slow, enchanting song under his breath as he work. Scooping water in his hands, he rubbed the berries into my hair as a creamy, foamy solution before walking me under the waterfall and naturally washing it off. I became captivated by the beauty of Imladris, the natural way of life formed here. There was no change to the land to accommodate the living, such as Mirkwood had done. There was only this, this symbiotic relation that the Elves shared with nature. I felt Elrond behind me, kissing up my neck and along my collarbones. The sun was higher now and a few Elves were beginning to awaken, occasionally opening their leafy curtains to let in more light. I knew we were too far away from even Elf eyes to make out details. I was surprised the idea of other Elves seeing Elrond wrapping his arms around me, kissing me, and holding me had no effect on me. I rather enjoyed it and turned to kiss Elrond's lips. A moan broke free of Elrond's throat as our lips crushed against each other's, tongues wrestling in water and saliva. Elrond allowed himself to fall back into the eater, using one arm to keep afloat as he held me close and kissed me endlessly. I found myself moaning back and holding around his shoulder. He was aroused and I could feel it, my own body reacting in a way I knew not know to share. I pulled out of the kiss, gasping for breath and he was grinning back at me as he panted. His cheeks were flushed pink and he hair was soaked, fanning out in the water and mixing with my own. His voice quivered with love and fear as he spoke: "I could do this every day with you, my sweet prince. I love sharing your lips, our secrets. You are more radiant than all the stars at night and more graceful than the sun's rising. Amin mel lle." Elrond, having made his intentions clear, swallowed and stared into my eyes. I felt young and naive to even consider responding to him. Elrond, Lord of Elven Haven Imladris, Herald to Gil-galad the high Elf king of ages past, and healer and enemy of my father, loves me! I felt a swell of emotion in my chest, a raging burning and the need for his lips against mine, our bodies entwined. Glorfindal's words came back to me, repeating in my head as I stared into Elrond's cool, grey eyes; "He glows and it fills my heart with joy to see him smile. If he hurts, then so will I. It is not a bond to be made, Legolas. It is a bond to keep." My decision was made before I could even realize there was a need for one. I leaned in to kiss him, kissing a small, light trail to his ear. "My feet have led me here, Master Elrond." I whispering, loving the moan he issued from my breath and lips against his ear. "Here to Imladris, and it's beauty. My feet have taken me from the darkness of the forest of the Elves and exposed me to such beauty it cleanses my skin in light and awe. My feet have led me, melamin, to you." (It is a) trap! = (Ta naa) neuma! Have at thee! = Caela ie'lle Ada = Father Rest well = Quel esta