gave him a good bye hug. Arnold looked at her grandmother. His gaze unfriendly. As if warning her not to bother Katherine. "Good night Lily." The old woman nodded back to him. Not looking very happy herself. Arnold walked out of the door. Katherine stared at his retreating back for a moment before closing the door behind her. Then suddenly she burst out in laughter. It was a soul chilling laughter. Lily looked at her incredulously. Has she gone mad? "Katherine why are you laughing?" Shuffling her laughter a little bit, Katherine replied. "Because I just made a complete fool out of Dr. Arnold Williams. He actually believed all the crap I said about my father's death. Hmm either he's a fool or I'm a very talented actress." Katherine walked over to the couch and dropped herself there. A sigh of contentment leaved her breath. She was literary acting like a crazy person. Though it was very difficult for Lily to see Katherine like that but she wasn't entirely shocked. She has been witnessing similar behavior for a week now. And if Katherine had lived with her, perhaps Lily would've found out about her lack of empathy a long time ago. "Not so talented as it didn't fool me" said Lily. Katherine wasn't taken aback hearing her grandmother saying that. Instead she sweetly smiled at her. "Maybe because I wasn't trying to fool you grandma. I don't need to wear any facade around you. One of the reasons I'm glad to get rid of my father at last. I always had to act like a good little girl in front of him. It was very annoying and not to mention exhausting. I mean come on how long can you pretend to care about someone when you don't care at all." "Hmm, I can imagine that to be very hectic. Why do you feel safe not to as you say it 'put a facade' around me?" asked Lily quite curiously. As much as Katherine's behavior terrified her, Lily needed to know her granddaughter first if she wished to save her. Katherine sighed out a little and cocked her head at her grandmother. "Grandma, I know you'll love me no matter what. No matter how I behave. No matter how dark I get. Besides, you're old. And probably won't live much longer. What could you possible do to make my life difficult? Except for maybe asking Dr. Arnold for help and then get bashed for it later after a nice dinner with me." Katherine smirked at her grandmother making that statement. Lily couldn't believe her own ears. How could she be so manipulative and cunning? "I'm having a hard time believing right now that you're the girl my daughter gave birth to." "Well she did" said Katherine nonchalantly. She got up from the couch and walked over to her grandmother. She wrapped her arms around Lily's old fragile body. Embracing her dearly. "As much as I love you my one and only grandma, you need to understand that I'm quite capable of causing a lot of trouble for you if you mess up with me." Katherine pulled away and looked right into her grandmother's eyes. Her eyes were so cold and emotionless it frightened Lily to death. "So you'll do well to think twice before going around and telling a doctor or anyone else on me. I'll hate to become your worst nightmare." Did she just threatened her? Lily thought loudly in her mind. She just couldn't believe herself. Katherine kissed her grandmother's forehead gently and said good night to her. "You sleep well okay" said Katherine with such softness and care in her voice that no one would believe one second ago she just threatened her grandmother in cold tone of voice. Talk about being bi-polar. Katherine walked away after one last hug to her grandma. Going up to her bedroom. Time to freshen up and go to sleep. Once Katherine was out of sight, Lily couldn't stand anymore. Her knees gave out. She managed to drop herself on her armchair. Katherine was damaged beyond she anticipated. She felt scared thinking she was beyond saving. No, there still must be hope left for Katherine. There has to be. Katherine couldn't be completely lost. She wasn't born evil. Pain made her like that. Once Katherine was really a sweet little girl. Full of love and light. So there must be a way to bring that Katherine back. However Lily realized one thing that no doctor or professional could help Katherine. She needed to do something else, something magical to make Katherine open up her heart and let the light of emotions and humanity vanquish the darkness inside her. Lily walked inside her library at a fast pace. Well as fast as she could walk in her age. She owned quite a lot of books. Lily loves reading. Always did. More now when she's quite near the end of her life and got nothing else to do. Lily started roaming her eyes over the books. Going through each row of the selves. Her gaze stopped at one point. She approached the self. Lily pulled out a novel. Her fingers ran over the title. "Lord of the rings" It was one of her favorite novels. When younger, Lily read it plenty of times. Each time getting lost in the fantasy world full of adventures. The story is a good example of good winning over evil. It is quite emotional too. There's brotherhood, fellowship, love, concern, compassion, kindness, honor. The good characters in the story are even willing to die for each other. For their people and kingdom. They are brave. Surely Katherine could learn a good thing or two from the protagonist characters. If she to ever get lost in their world. Quite literary. She could gain back all her lost emotions and feelings through the journeys of middle earth. Katherine might just end up finding herself while searching for a way back home.