eats our food.' Merry and Frodo shared a dubious look. This was a task for the warriors, and seeing that Boromir and Aragorn were not yet back, they could ask Legolas or Gimli, who was already sound asleep, to have a look. Surely Gimli would love to explore the cave system. Sighing, Merry gripped Pippin's shoulder. "We should ask Gimli or Legolas to have a look, Pip." "But Legolas does not like caves and Gimli is sleeping. Just a quick look, please. I won't go far." Pippin pleaded, his voice like that of a small child. Rolling his eyes, Frodo gave in. "Alright, but you won't go far and you will yell if you find something. Promise!" Grinning, Pippin nodded vigorously. "I promise." Before either of the other Hobbits could say another word, Pippin raced away into the depths of the cave, needing no torch to see in the darkness. His steps were silent and soon he had vanished into the darkness. "Master Frodo, do you think this was a good idea?" Sam asked meekly. "No, Sam. But Pippin has to learn his lessons." "If you ask me," Merry grumbled, "sometimes I think Pip couldn't give away cheese at a rats' picnic." But Frodo and Sam knew Merry well enough to know that he was already worrying about the young Took. Squeezing Merry's shoulder, Frodo gave him an encouraging smile. "Do not worry Merry. Pippin has nine lives." "Eight, if Gandalf finds out. Seven if Strider finds out, too. Six if Legolas learns of this folly. Five if Boromir comes back and sees Pippin missing. Four, if Gimli wakes and finds out that Pippin went without him." Merry murmured and gazed into the dark cave, worry shining in his eyes. Minutes passed and nothing happened. Half an hour later there came sounds from the entrance and a short while later Aragorn and Boromir returned. Their faces looked positively frozen and they crouched down near the fire and warmed their hands over the flames. "Found anything, Strider?" Frodo asked, but Aragorn shook his head. "No, Frodo. There are no signs of the wolves we saw earlier and no signs of other trouble, either. We will be safe tonight." He rubbed his hands together and shook his head to get his long hair out of his eyes. He frowned. "Where is Pippin?" Suddenly, as if in answer to the question, there came a loud scream from the darkness of the cave. Immediately, Aragorn and Boromir unsheathed their swords, while Legolas strung his bow. Gandalf moved to protect the Hobbits and Gimli, roused from his sleep, gripped the handle of his axe tightly. "Merry! M-Merry!" Stones crunched, clothing rustled and a moment later a panicked-looking Pippin rushed towards them, face red and eyes huge. He collapsed into Merry's arms, gasping. "Merry, Merry I saw a huge monster." "Where?" Aragorn asked, his face stern. "I-In the cave, back there." Pippin, clutching Merry, answered. "Legolas, stay here and cover us with your bow. Gimli, Boromir, follow me." Aragorn ordered, but before he had taken more than a few steps, the whole cavern echoed with a terrible, roaring sound. "That is a bear." Legolas said and a moment later he had swung his bow onto his back and grabbed Merry and Pippin, carrying them easily under his arms. "Come, we must leave!" And off he went, running towards the exit of the cave. Boromir grabbed Sam while Gandalf ushered Frodo out of the cave. Gimli and Aragorn followed quickly and when they were just outside, Aragorn grabbed Bill's reins and tugged the animal after them. They ascended a small slope off the side of the cave, and not a moment too soon. A huge brown bear charged out of the cave, roaring and growling. He paced right and left, sniffing the air and searching for the intruders. After some long, agonizing minutes the bear returned into the cave and went back to his interrupted sleep. A sigh of relief left Pippin. "Whew, now that was close." Eight pairs of eyes glared at him and even Bill seemed to look at him strangely. Huffing, Gandalf grumbled loudly, "Fool of a Took! Curiosity killed the Hobbit, as good old Bilbo used to say sometimes. Take this as a warning, Peregrin Took." And with that Gandalf flopped down on the cold ground, tightening his cloak around his shoulders. Aragorn sighed. With the bear possibly still awake and alert, there was no way they could get back into the cave. And with the spies of the enemy ever watchful, they could not risk kindling a fire outside. It was going to be a long and cold night. "Well done, Pip." Merry said sarcastically and sat down close to a tree, seeking shelter from the chilly wind. "What's done is done, Merry, and we can't help it now." Frodo commented and took a seat beside Merry. Sam joined them, huddling close to Frodo to keep his Master warm during the night. Looking very sheepish, Pippin looked down at his friends. "Merry, I am sorry. Please. It won't happen again." Sighing, Merry shook his head. "Come here Pip, sit down." Smiling, Pippin flopped down next to Merry, and after they had wrapped an armload of blankets around them, the Hobbits fell into a dreamless sleep. Boromir and Gimli shared the first watch while Gandalf, Legolas and Aragorn sat together, not yet tired, and talked quietly. "It's cold." Gandalf complained, but Legolas laughed lightly. "Look at the bright side of it, Gandalf. Now you can smoke without me complaining." Aragorn chuckled and began to search for his pipe, while Gandalf rolled his eyes. "Ah Legolas, all's well that ends well, huh?" The End. 1. Shamelessly copied from Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring, A Journey in the Dark 2. Shamelessly copied from Tolkien, but slightly varied, see above I know this is not the next chapter of The Roots of Evil, but it was time that it was posted. Do you like it?