these years. Some didn't like his attitude, but they didn't dislike him because they knew that no matter how obnoxious he made them believe he was, Talas was a very loyal and sentimental brother-in-arms. So they just blew it off as 'just some elf manners.' Talas often joined the knights on their orc-slaying missions and there was this time when the young Arel was thrown off a cliff by an orc and Talas dived after him. We found them three days later in a very deep underground cavern. That was something to be unnerved about because laegrims wood elves had a deep fear of caves. Sir Avol was leading the rescue squad. The knights found the man and the elf because the latter had been singing. Talas had forced Arel into a deep slumber to save what was left of the young knight's energy. We know that because Miluyr had to use his powers to wake the knight. Being an elf, Talas was only slightly physically wounded, and three days without water or food was the norm for him. What took a toll on him was spending three days in the depths of darkness without any trees, or grass. When they found the two, Avol said that the elf was in a sort of trance and did not see nor hear them. He was afraid of his rescuers and tried to kill one of them for trying to lift Arel off of the ground. When they brought them back, Talas had stayed in that state for a few more days, refusing to have people near him except for Arel. He slept outside the whole time on top of trees in the garden. Arel often joined him, but always remained at the roots of the trees. After normalcy came back to him, we asked him if he knew he was going to be able to save Arel by diving after him. He never answered our question. "Do you hear me, Eldarion?" I then realized that all this ale had started a while ago to get to my head. Keran had asked me something and I had no idea. "Forgive me, I was not listening." "No harm done sire. I only wanted to know if something was on your mind since you have not been speaking for a while." I frowned. Suddenly, the truth started to sink back in. My father and my wife are gone. My mother is going to leave me soon as well. I have nobles bringing troubles to my doors, and I am to be crowned King in a few days. It was devastatingly obvious that I should have something on my mind, but I should know Keran better by now. What he probably wanted to know was if I wanted to talk about something. I downed another mug and had it refilled. All this alcohol was making me all warm and fuzzy and it seemed to make all my troubles seem. Unimportant. "Um." I took another sip. "I was just thinking about the people in this hall. How we all came to be here." I blinked a few times to try to chase the light dizziness away. "I see." I snickered at his boring response. "And you brother, is there anything on your mind that you wish to speak of?" "I have been thinking of ways to lighten your mood, my prince." "You are so kind. You have always been kind and I fear I have never thanked you properly." "No, you would have done the same for me so there is no need for you to thank me." "This idea was great. To be honest, I actually forgot for a moment that I was supposed to be depressed." I sighed and brushed my hair away. I placed a hand on Keran's shoulder and looked at him. He had so many heads. "By Erubereth! Have you twin brothers?" I think Miluyr was looking at me and wondering what I was about to do, but I was not too sure because my sight was unfocused and trying to see Keran's face was hard enough. But it was probably Miluyr because he was the only one annoyed by Erubereth, a mix between Illuvatar's westron name and Elbereth I had created when I was younger. I tapped Keran's shoulder. "Anyhow, I wish to thank you and everyone properly for being here. What do you think I should do?" "Lord Eldarion, I think you have drunk too much. I will help you get back to your room." I moved away from Keran and frowned. "I am not going back to my room tonight." "Why not sire?" I heard the confusion in Keran's voice. "Because I would be going back to an empty room," I whispered to myself. I crossed my arms on the table and laid my head down on them. I heard someone in the back telling Keran to take the ale mug away from me. I didn't like that idea very much, but I also thought that I had had enough for tonight. I felt terribly chilly suddenly. "She was always warm like, just like a bonfire in the cold of night. Her hands were flames that didn't burn me, but once melted my heart." I probably sounded like a hopeless romantic, but I was only whispering. Hopefully not too many heard my useless confession to the dead. "I should have wedded her." "We could have had children, and those nobles would have left their daughters home." " Miluyr, ho sogannen!" He is drunk. "I would have something to remember you with besides this emptiness, memories, and remorses." " Le isto." I know. "Keran, can you please take him back to his chambers." " Melinyel. " I love you. " Melinyel." I have not been seen crying since the age of fifteen, when men are at age to go to war. That is why I did not understand what the watery trail that I felt on my cheek was.