to puke. I was thrashing, I realized, due to the heat that was covering me inside and out and I tore at my hair as it flew about my face. Thranduil placed me on a bed, probably the same as last nights, and Erestor tied back my hair. I hadn't realised the Elf had followed us. "Ada, do you need any assistance?" he asked, his voice velvet. I screamed. His voice was agony to me, it felt like an ice cold dagger stabbing me through the blazing heat. 'Ada' I thought. 'No.' Then it began to fall into place, they had the same high proud cheeks, the same flush lips. The eyes were a little fuller, a little rounder, but the heritage was undeniable. Thranduil glanced from his son to me. He nodded once and grabbed Erestor's arm, pulling him from the room. The two left and I screamed, the heat causing blackening spots to form amongst my vision. I felt tears spill from the corners of my eyes, and squeezed them shut, hoping it was all a nightmare. The elf knelt down beside me and took my hand in his. He was cold, freezing cold, and as we held each other's hands we melted. He thawed and I cooled and our hands became a compatible warmth. He risked to look at my eyes just as I risked to look at his and we both found ourselves cast in awe. Had he not expected it as much as I? "Lord Elrond," "Just Elrond." I corrected him. I needed not his service nor his respect, he was my insanity and sanity, it was destructive to even think. "Elrond," he sighed. "Can I-" I reached up, fevered and delirious, and wrapped my arm around his neck, pulling him down to me. Crashing his lips to mine, I gasped into the kiss, our lips changing temperature as we moulded to each other's form. The tips of my ears prickles with heat and I moaned deeply against the back of my throat. He pulled away and I weakly released him. His eyes were large and held a flame of anger in the coolness of their shock. I could see blackness begin to shadow the edges of my vision and caught myself mumbling. I whispered to him his song, to which he lay his face to my chest and began to cry. Despite the fire coursing through my veins, I forced my arms to move and wrap around him. I tugged at him gently and he got off his knees by the bedside to curl up with me on the bed. I brushed his hair with my fingertips, using only the sense of feel to indulge in him. I hadn't realized I was humming until he broke my tune. "Elrond?" he asked nervously. "Yes," I cleared my burning throat. "Yes...my prince?" I kept my eyes closed but that did little help to keep the blush off my cheeks. He nuzzled his head into my chest and his words were blurred. "What?" I asked confused, opening my eyes to find his. His only response was to dive up and plant his lips on mine, causing my to moan and growl. I pulled him close and held him locked to me, breaking off when he pulled back. "Elrond, I am...I am..." "Yes, my prince?" I asked, confused by his behavior. He got excited and energetic and then seemed to deflate when he couldn't find his words. "Elrond, what have you done to me?" he gave up and muttered. He pooled himself together, wrapping his legs around my waist and placing his arms on my chest. I cooled somewhat and he warmed, though we intrigued each other so we did not notice. "What have I done to you?" I repeated. "What have You done to Me?" I rephrased. "You, my prince, have me mesmerized and singing your little tune everywhere! It's maddening!" He blushed. "Since I caught you watching me, I...I haven't been the same either." he confessed, lowering his head. "What were you doing in that clearing, hm?" I mused, my fingers brushing the roots of his hair as he lay his head against my shoulder. "I was dreaming." he sighed. "I thought I was dreaming when I saw you dancing." I shyly replied. He smiled against my chest. "Elrond- I finished his song for him. He smiled and kissed my cheek. "Amin mela lle, Elrond. My heart burns with the heat of many fires for you, my body craves your touch." I placed my hand on his glistening cheek, he was covered in a fine sheen of sweat, aching as he held himself back under great control. I realized no aches or fevers plagued me as they once did. I let my fingertips brush against his cheek, caressing the length from the corner of his sweet lips to his jaw, up towards the point of an ear. I cupped around his ear and brought him towards me for a kiss. He moaned in happiness, radiantly a light so pure it filled me with hope and happiness. "Legolas, my prince, Amin mela lle. I love you too." Epilogue::: Legolas, the elf of moonlight, swayed in the small clearing. His tiny body, so slender and taunt, obeyed his every motion, rolling his shoulders as he bent forward and back, his eyes shining with delight as his clear voice chanted and sang, his song lamenting on the wind. I leaned forwards as he leaned back, back as he changed forwards. Our hair, both open and dancing in the breeze, caught together and tangled. His song continued, our voices blending as one, we begged one another, encircling the other in our arms. The song broke as our lips met, our tongues entwining. We still swayed and moved, our dancing not broken by the kiss. Legolas moaned, his small dream becoming his reality. His dance, so elegant, had finally found a partner. Sindarin Translations "Amin mela lle" = I love you