did not feel the pain from his injury or his bone deep exhaustion any longer, for his mind had shut down and a black void had gripped and swallowed him whole. For many hours he did not move, dead to all who would have looked upon him, and the brown twilight of day faded into the tenebrous light of night. When consciousness returned to him slowly, as if his body fought willingly to remain in the darkness of oblivion instead of returning to the world of the living, the first thing Aragorn became aware of was pain. Not the hot burning pain that one might feel after being injured by an arrow, or the fiery pain of a sword wound, no, what he felt was rather a bone chilling, all consuming coldness that rippled through his body, that gnawed at his skin and made his muscles tremble and ache. A moan of agony left his dry lips, and Aragorn unconsciously rolled onto his side, wrapping his arms around his body in a weak attempt to stave of the waves of pain that assaulted him. A gust of cold wind caught in his hair, and with it it brought the smell of sand, blood and sweat. Another moan escaped him, but when the pain in his body did not subside, Aragorn timidly opened his eyes. Darkness surrounded him, but it was not the tenebrous light of night, but the faint red and brown light of dawn. Dawn, he thought tiredly, how I wish to see another dawn. To see the red and orange sparkle that Anor graces the world with, that paints the white clouds in a blue sky in pink and lilac, and that revives the green and yellows of meadows and forests. The dawn that makes the dew on the grass shimmer as if made out of white pearls, or the dawn that reflects on the pristine snow covers that engulfe Caradrhas. Oh Eru, I wish to leave this dark land, and see the verdure of the plantsin Ithilien, or the sparkling rivers and the blossoming flowers on the banks. I want to walk through fields filled with high growing grass, to lift my hands to let them touch my palm, feel the warm wind on my face and the sun on my back. To see the dark leaved bays of The Angle again, or the scarlet-berried Rowans that grow on the mountain slopes and hills at the foot of the Misty Mountains, the hardy firs of the Highlands and in the Vales of the Anduin, or the magnificent Mellyrn in Lothlorien. I want to go home. And with that, Aragorn clenched his teeth against the pain and sickness in his body, stemmed his scraped hands against the rocky ground, and slowly got to his feet. He swayed, but after a deep breath, he took an unsteady step, then one more, and another. And so he slowly walked northwards again while the gloomy dawn broke over the lands. Aragorn walked, stumbled, fell and stood up again, and his feet carried him far that day. On and on he went, without his mind noticing where he was going or alert to danger. He was caught in pain and coldness, thirst and dizziness, but his determination lend him the strength to go on, through the day and the night, and never did he look up or back. The only thought on his mind was to finally go home. The night passed and when the next morning came, Aragorn's strength was sapped. Without so much as a sound, his knees gave way beneath him, and he fell to the ground, his face hitting the earth with a thud. The wound the orc had dealt him was agonizing, the blood that oozed from the wound a strange colour; the rusty blade had poisoned his blood, and he knew that with his no supplies or strength he would not be able to heal himself. And Aragorn closed his eyes in defeat, knowing that he would not be able to go any further. But lo! Something was strange…at first, his muddled mind could not tell him what it was that alerted him. But then, very slowly, Aragorn felt a new sensation. Where hard rocks and dusty sand should be under his head, soft and tickling…grass caressed his cheek! Tiredly, Aragorn opened his eyes, and to his great suspire he saw not the dark mountains before him, or the black and barren land, but green grass and high tress. And then Aragorn thought that he must have passed from the world, and that he would greet Namo in his fabled Halls soon, but nothing happened. For some long minutes he lay there, taking in the waking forest before his eyes, and then, with great effort, he lifted his head, and above he saw the dark night sky lightening in pink and orange, the last silver stars fading in a colourful sunrise. And his heart filled with gratitude and bliss, that at last, Eru had granted him to leave the lands of the shadow and had guided him to the foothills of the still green Ithilien before he left this world. Aragorn closed his eyes once more, and drifted off to sweet oblivion, the warm morning breeze ruffling his hair and the first golden rays of the sun on his face. And so it came that Aragorn never heard the silent approach of a patrol of Ithilien Rangers, clad in green and brown, who looked upon him, thinking him dead. And neither saw he their surprised faces upon finding him alive, nor heard their whispers of wonder that someone had survived the poisonous and dangerous lands so close to the Ephel Duath. And they cleaned his wounds and bandaged them, gave him water and herbs, and carried him to one of their camps to rest and heal. And that he did, ere he turned his gaze northwards once more, and finally found his way home. The End.