to a rock, so that the sun and the moon can see you, and all I will leave you to eat will be elvish bread and elvish water to drink. And then the orcs can come and take you back to Mordor, to be questioned again by Him." Gollum's eyes widened and he hid his face in his big hands, whimpering, "No, no, he seess all. Through skin and flesh and bone. He hurts uss, precious. We will be good, we wants not to go back, no. Preciouss, preciouss…" Aragorn gave Gollum another long look, then turned and walked back to Legolas. His whole body hurt and his throat was itchy and burned like fire. Furthermore, now both of his wrists were injured, and he could barely use his hands. Legolas watched with a heavy heart as his friend returned to where he had quietly waited. He had heard every word, and for a short moment he wondered where Strider had gone, and who the man was that now stood before him. But then, Aragorn sighed and the thought vanished like mist in sunshine. Legolas could tell that Aragorn was tired to the bone and that he had probably not slept in weeks. He was pale and his eyes dulled; he looked barely alive. Without looking at Legolas, Aragorn sat down in the grass, as far away from Gollum as the rope allowed, and began to unwrap the rope from his cut wrists. Kneeling down beside his friend, the elf gently batted the man's hand away and began to loosen the rope around the wrist. The skin was cut deeply and blood ran down the wrist, arm and hand. Legolas rebound the rope around his own wrist and then cleaned the wound with water from his flask. He carried no herbs as he had left the palace in great haste, but he guessed that he could leave the injury thus tended until morning and bright daylight. Then, Legolas tended to the other wrist and the bruised neck. During all that time, neither of them spoke, but it was a comfortable silence. When all injuries had been tended to, Legolas wrapped his own cloak around Aragorn's shoulders, and it was a testament to the ranger's weariness that he took it without protesting. Settling down beside his friend, Legolas gazed at Gollum. The creature had not so much as twitched, but Legolas still felt the evil that enveloped the creature. "He is not as bad as you think, Legolas." The softly spoken words caught the elf unprepared, and he quickly looked back at his friend. Aragorn's grey eyes were locked on Gollum, and as he spoke, there was a flicker in them that Legolas had never seen before. "He has endured much, and his life is a sad one." "Aragorn, you ... you pity him." Legolas could not help it, but his voice sounded surprised. To his astonishment, a sad smile crossed Aragorn's care worn face. "Yes, I do, mellon nin." "By the Valar, why Aragorn?" It took a moment before Aragorn answered, and his voice was even softer as he finally did, „Because his fate is bound to mine. He is what I could be." Legolas gaped at his life long friend. What was he talking about? But then, realization hit him, and his eyes softened. Of course, his friend thought about Isildur, and the way the ring had presumably found its way into Gollum's hands. But the last statement was too much for him. "Aragorn, this will not be your fate. Should it come to it, you will pass the test, and you know it well." "How can you be so sure? When even a Hobbit, one of the most careless races of this Middle-Earth, who desires nothing but some ale or pipe weed, can be corrupted by the ring, how can a human pass the test?" Legolas reached out and placed a reassuring hand on his friend's shoulder, "You will pass, because you have something to fight for. Family, friends and love. And you will not be alone, mellon nin." He gave the shoulder a reassuring squeeze, and then said softly, "Get some sleep, Aragorn. I will take the watch tonight." Aragorn took a deep breath before he answered, „I think he never had a chance, Legolas. The ring found Smeagol and took possession of him. And since that day, he has only existed, but not lived. All he did, every single day, was serve the ring. And even now, he needs it and it poisons his thoughts." A shudder went through Aragorn body, and his eyes became darker. Legolas watched his friend's face worriedly. He did not know what Aragorn had been through, but he could clearly see that he was exhausted and in need of comfort. Therefore, he scooted closer to the man and wrapped his free arm around Aragorn's middle, letting his friend rest against his shoulder. For a moment it seemed as if Aragorn would not heed the unspoken invitation, but then he leaned back against Legolas, tightened the cloak around his shoulders and closed his eyes. Stillness settled over the lands, and for long minutes the only sound that could be heard was the occasional soft murmur from Gollum. Just as Legolas had thought that Aragorn had fallen asleep, the man spoke softly, „Legolas?" "Yes?" "I am glad you found me." "And I am very thankful that I found you." And in his thoughts he added, 'Although you are far from well, physically as well as emotionally, my friend.' It was silent for another minute, but then Aragorn whispered, "I am very thankful, too, Legolas. And I thank the Valar every single day that I still possess it." Curious, Legolas asked softly, "What is it you are so thankful for?" "Free will Legolas, free will." Aragorn answered, "The greatest gift of the Valar," and then fell into a deep sleep until the next morning, secure in the arms of his best friend. The End.