books. But if they were looking for something to entertain Estel, he had to agree with Elrohir: a history of the Dunedain was likely to prove a poor choice, however fitting the idea was. Curiosity won over caution then, and Elrond eased around to look through the crack between door and frame. The sight that met his eyes so surprised him as to nearly cause him to abandon his elven composure. He only barely restrained himself from making some noise or movement that might shatter the magic that was unfolding before him. Elladan and Elrohir, stern warriors of Imladris, their mother's avengers, bane of orcs for leagues around, were sprawled on the floor before a complicated arrangement of cushions, books, and chairs. Each of them held yet another book in their hand, and Elladan was leaning over several stacks of books, holding a precariously-balanced pillow with one hand, attempting to prop it with the book in his other hand, and looking very near to toppling himself. Both twins were smudged with dust, their sleeves rolled back, and their hair, usually pulled tightly back into severe, efficient warriors' braids, had come loose to hang in strands around their faces. An amusing picture, to be sure, but something in his sons' appearance seemed particularly odd to him... Then he recognized it - their weapons. As the years had passed, their cold fury toward their mother's tormentors had seemed to grow, rather than waning, and their lives had begun to focus even more on ridding the earth of every orc they could find. So much so that of late they were rarely seen without their weapons, even when they were at home in the safety of the valley. But now they were missing. His eyes traveled around the room, finally lighting on a desk in the far corner. There, safely out of reach of curious small hands, lay a tangle of sheaths and belts, forgotten, nearly covered over by several discarded pillows. A smile of wonderment began spreading itself across Elrond's features, as another laugh drew his attention to the cause of these changes. In the very midst of the chaos sat Estel, peeking out at the twins from his fortress and laughing in delight at their antics. A ridiculously large cloak was wrapped around his shoulders, piling up all around him, and Elrond noted with some amusement that the broach which normally fastened it had been removed, and placed on a nearby chair. It would appear his sons were turning into quite the mother hens when it came to the child's safety. Shaking his head and smiling to himself, Elrond reluctantly turned away, and made his way back to his study. He would have been quite happy to stand there and watch them all day, but he wouldn't risk disturbing them. Estel was in safe hands, and so, apparently, were the twins.// The memory brought with it a sense of immense relief and peace. He hardly dared hope yet that his sons' hearts might be healing, and yet… When the twins had finally made an appearance at lunch, they had both seemed so very… content . With Elrohir carrying a thoroughly exhausted Estel, and making only the most halfhearted protests over the small hand that had latched tightly onto a fistful of his hair, Elladan had seen to finding a place for Estel to sit. Both of them had hovered over the sleepy child as he ate, barely eating themselves, until the maid who had been caring for Estel finally came to take him away for a nap. So cheerful had the meal been that Elrond had been terribly reluctant to bring up the subject of their plans to accompany the rangers on yet another orc hunt. But the topic could not be avoided for much longer - the twins would have to set out early the next morning if they were to meet up with them. He had come to dread these excursions, with his sons seeming to have turned a little more hard and distant every time they returned. And that was only the times when they managed to get back without one or both of them having been wounded. He had come to dread the inevitable discussions over whether or not they would go almost as much as their actually leaving. And yet, to his immense surprise, when he had asked if they still intended to go, he had been met with neither stony silence, nor a cold, terse confirmation that rang of finality. The twins had looked up, surprise flickering momentarily in their eyes, almost as though they had forgotten the trip entirely. Then Elladan had shrugged, replying placidly that he thought not this time, and that they might go out next month. Might! For years, it had been a given that nothing could dissuade them but severe injury or a genuine crisis at home. Now, suddenly, it was apparently up for debate. And Elrond knew perfectly well why. He smiled down at the child in his arms. Wide, silver eyes met his, and the hand that Estel had wrapped around a fold of his robe tightened, as if he feared being abandoned to the terrors of the night. Instantly making up his mind, Elrond settled down on Estel's bed, leaning back against the wall and holding him close. "No, Estel, I will not leave you tonight." He stared out the window, watching the weaving patterns of tree branches as they bowed and danced before the backdrop of stars. The wind moaned around the corners of the building, and he felt Estel tense in dread. Quietly he began to sing, covering the night noises with the sound of his deep, soft voice. The End Thank you for reading! I hope that you enjoyed it. If you have the time, I would very much appreciate it it you'd let me know what you think! Reviews are a huge encouragement, and a big help in improving my writing. - Cami