she has departed these shores, can you not take ship to be reunited with her?" The Elf suddenly had the look about him of an empty shell, as if all his inner self had been spent on the desire that burned within him that could never be. He sounded utterly desolate as he replied in a broken voice: "My love has taken a path I can not follow, not ever, not even unto the very end of Arda. Can you imagine what that means?" Aragorn was not entirely sure he could. He was still young, the long life of his forefathers before him, his final destiny not something that had ever troubled him greatly. There had been one or two close brushes with death when he had been injured, but the fretting about whether or not he would recover had been done by others, not by himself. In the back of his mind, he knew that ultimately his Elven family would depart to a different place from he, and there might yet be complications should Arwen ever be his, but such matters were far too distant to concern a young man in the prime of his life. When Aragorn did not answer, the Elf continued. "Well, let me tell you, mortal man, precisely the pain you will feel if the lady of your desire does not grant you her favour but instead gives her heart to one who will lead her to a different fate from yours." The Elf paused for a moment, his sorrow now etched even more deeply upon to his face. "Never again will you hear the music of her laughter. Never will your eyes enjoy the delights of her form as she dances for you beneath the trees. Never will you see the moonlight in her hair or the sun break upon her face in the radiance of her smile. Never will your body know the sweet pleasure of merging your flesh with hers. No, mortal man, always will you be sundered from her and no road can ever bring you to her door, and worse, oh so much worse, you will endure for an eternity, it matters not where, within or beyond the Circles of the world, but an eternity it will be nonetheless, the knowledge that another enjoys the delights that should have been yours. Mark my words and heed them for that will be your fate if your love spurns you and you fail to claim her." As the Elf finished talking, there were tears in his eyes. "She is lost to me," he said, his voice a mournful sob. "A mortal man she took in my stead and none of my People will ever see her dance in the twilight ever again. Aragorn was moved to pity by the anguish imparted by the Elf's words, and as he listened, he also felt a cold shadow creeping over his own heart. He had clearly not given sufficient thought as to what might become of his love if he failed to claim Arwen as his own. With his youthful optimism, he had always allowed hope to bolster him in his moments of doubt. Foolishly, he had never dwelt overly on the possibility of being sundered from her for ever more and it had most certainly never remotely occurred to him that Arwen might yet choose another in his absence. Both thoughts were utterly unbearable. Aragorn looked into the Elf's eyes and it was as if a veil had been lifted between them and suddenly they could read each other's pain and then at last he understood. This Elf had truly loved the fairest of all Elf-maidens, his own foremother no less, long ago when the World was still young. But she had not returned his love, instead she had given her heart to a mortal Man, and left her hapless suitor doomed to endure an empty, meaningless existence without her until the very end of Days. The Elf finished his meal. Then, without a word, he got to his feet, picked up his lyre, and with a nod of his head, he stepped towards the rock face and melted silently into the wilderness. Aragorn let him go, his mind reeling from the encounter that had just taken place. Slowly, he packed up the remains of his food and returned to his camp, carefully hiding all signs of his presence before preparing to set out on his travels south into unknown lands. His journey would take him even further from his home and from the lady whom he adored. He had never stopped loving her, not for a single moment in all his years away, but suddenly he felt a new determination and urgency coursing through him. Now, more than ever, he was resolved that somehow, someday, he would become a man of sufficient worth that her own heart might yet be turned towards him and so might he finally earn the right to her hand. "Le hannon, Daeron," he whispered softly as he hitched up his pack and turned his face towards the warmth of the Southern sun. And, as he set off on his travels, the challenge before him, gave added purpose to his stride. ~oo0oo~ And it is told that in that time Daeron the minstrel of Thingol strayed from the land, and was seen no more. He it was that made music for the dance and song of Lúthien, before Beren came to Doriath; and he had loved her; and set all his thought of her in his music. He became the greatest of all the minstrels of the Elves east of the Sea, named even before Maglor son of Fëanor. But seeking for Lúthien in despair he wandered upon strange paths, and passing over the mountains he came into the East of Middle-earth, where for many ages he made lament beside dark waters for Lúthien, daughter of Thingol, most beautiful of all living things. Of Beren and Lúthien The Silmarillion