which the King hesitantly took, and swept him into a whimsical jig. In dear Harrowdale, She served him ale, And every night, without a fail He'd find himself inside a jail. For should a lusty gentleman Ask the lady for her hand, Drunken Hane could not withstand, On their face his fist to brand. He'd start a brawl, Then to her crawl, Professing in a slurréd drawl That for her love it was he mauled, the gentleman and all his band. At first reluctant, Aragorn let himself forget his worries. Caught up in Legolas' jollity, he grasped the Elf's hand more confidently and swung him close, spinning and swirling as at a ball. Legolas, glad to have his friend in good spirits once more, did not mind in the least. He let Aragorn lead him, feeling the strong hand fall into place around his waist to guide him. In dear Harrowdale, where Snowbourn splits in twain, The richest men in all the town, are not fain to complain. The barkeep sells poor Hane the ale, Yon jailer keeps the bail. Aragorn reveled in the sinewy form in his arms. It moved in sync with him, anticipating his step, and yielding to it. Legolas' hand was smooth wrapped in his rough palm, and his waist slender. The courtyard blurred around them as they spun such that naught remained save for the earthly sensation of holding another in his arms. Ho! to the tavern we shall go And have ourselves a row or so And all sit by the fire. For there's a tale, of Harrowdale, That needs no bard or choir. The words came to an end, but Aragorn hardly noticed. Gimli continued to strum lightly on his lute, slower and slower until the last chord, which resonated in the strings and in the courtyard. Aragorn slowed also, until he, too, came to a stop, entangled in an embrace that for him had somehow transformed itself from something friendly to something much more intimate. Clearly, Legolas did not think so, from the comic way he mimicked the King's interlaced fingers at his lower back. He leaned in sillily, and gazed up at Aragorn, face a perfect image of loyalty and brotherly love. For him, their closeness was comradely. Clearly, his goal was to cheer the man only. Aragorn pressed his brow against Legolas', both breathing quickly and loudly after the dance. He could feel the fast rise and fall of the Elf's chest against his own. His skin was warm. The King stared deep into the orbs below him, filled to the brim with unbridled, unselfish, happiness. Then his own eyes began to trail downwards, over the full lips, long bared neck, the tight muscles, and slim hips. He could feel the curve of a sculpted back, and just below, imagine the swell of hindquarters. He had an intense urge, more intense than anything he had felt in many years, to kiss bestow a kiss on the lovely creature so yielding in his arms. "Alright, lovebirds," chuckled Gimli, laying down his lute on the bench with a twang. Legolas pulled away, turning towards the Dwarf. Aragorn sighed at the loss. "Very funny," retorted Legolas, with a roll of his eyes. "Aragorn and I are but friends." "Oh, I do not know," said Gimli with a smirk, idly plucking his lute. "You were awfully close. Almost as if," he puckered his lips, raising a thick brow, "you wanted to kiss." Legolas plopped down on the bench, unaffected, next to his compact companion. He snatched away the lute. Neither noticed Aragorn's blanch. "Think what you will, my diminutive friend. Aragorn and I are no more lovebirds than you and I." Legolas fiddled with the instrument. "Are we not lovebirds?" Simpered Gimli, feigning hurt. Legolas laughed, shaking his head. "There, there." He played a short scale on the lute, his tongue peeking out as he concentrated on the fingerings. "You know my love for you is far more passionate than any love between birds might be," he quipped, kissing the Dwarf lightly on the cheek. Gimli blushed. "Baah, what have I told you about doing that," he spluttered, embarrassed. Legolas pretended to study his fingernails, sticking out a lip in what wavered between a pout and smug satisfaction. "He doubts my adoration, Aragorn, and then rebuffs my affections. What am I to do?" Aragorn was not listening. He had fallen into deep, serious thought. "Hm?" "Oh, do not drag him into this, you feather-brained Elf," Gimli scolded. "Aragorn, ignore him. Attention only encourages him." It was not difficult for Aragorn to comply. Indeed, for the rest of the day, his mind was elsewhere. Even when they went for a peaceful ride, the feathery clouds lazing across the blue sky, and the breeze lilting across the grassy plains, the King seemed preoccupied. His head had been filled with images of flowing hair and strong thighs. And although the object of his mind's obsession was quite oblivious to his stolen stares, Aragorn perceived that the other, whose keen eyes had grown accustomed to keeping a close watch on his companion - dangers, he knew, could spring up at any moment - had noticed. And that other, Aragorn felt, was beginning to guess that his odd distractedness had more suspicious sources than simple marital strife. When the Dwarf might catch him, gaze latched too long on their happy companion, an unconscious warning seemed to flash across the broad, bearded face. Then, as quickly as it had surfaced, it would dissipate into the stern friendliness Aragorn was accustomed to. When the three sat down for dinner that evening, Aragorn could scarcely remember how he had arrived at the table. His memory was a blur of smiling Elves and grumbling Dwarves. And for all the pleasantness his friends had poured upon him, his thoughts remained absorbed with one staggering dance. The elusive touches. The slender form. So, when all had parted to their chambers, Aragorn lingered, pondering these things.