wondered if the water might have been moving faster, too, but he couldn't be sure of it, and he kept the thought to himself. Sam's face paled. "Oughtn't we to get to the other side, then? I mean, I don't want to walk through when it's… when it's…." Frodo understood. Sam was like most hobbits: he had never swum in his life and was terrified by the very idea of it. Sam didn't feel safe crossing any creek, stream, or river where the water rose any higher than his waist, and it looked like the Feinduin had already passed that point. "You're right," said Frodo. "We ought to go on." He was glad that he hadn't voiced his thoughts on the river's speed. He didn't want to frighten Sam; already there was a good chance that he would be too nervous to cross without being carried by one of the taller folk. "Should we wait for Mr. Legolas to come back?" "I don't think so," said Frodo. "The river won't rise fast enough to be of any bother to him, but I'd rather get across before it becomes a bother to us. It's not far, and we can walk quickly." "I wonder if something's happened to him," Sam said unhappily. "Legolas!" They waited for a few moments, and when the elf did not appear, Sam called again. "Legolas!" There was no answer. "I don't think anything has happened," said Frodo, trying to reassure both Sam and himself. "Maybe he found a creature worth hunting, or some such. We ought to leave a sign for him so he doesn't worry about us when he returns." He bent down, picked up a handful of smooth stones, and placed them in a neat line pointing toward the river. "There. He won't miss that." There was no other reason to delay. Frodo and Sam hurried to the crossing, bearing their fish and spears before them. "We can use the spears like walking-sticks!" said Frodo, placing the butt of his weapon firmly in the riverbed. He took one step in and gasped. "Oh, we shouldn't have laughed at Merry and Pippin – they were right! This is the coldest water I've ever felt!" He looked back at Sam and laughed. "Oh, come on, Sam – just walk in. There's nothing else for it." Sam looked miserable, but he didn't want to be far from Frodo, so he had no choice but to follow as his master waded in. Frodo heard him suck in a breath as he took his first steps into the crossing, but he said nothing until he was in deep enough for the water to reach his knees. "Dancing dragons! Never had a bath like this before! Brrr!" Frodo smiled. Dear Sam! You never really complain, not even now. It wasn't long before Frodo realized that they would not be crossing the river as quickly as he'd hoped. The river bottom was treacherous and the water was moving swiftly. His spear saved him from falling more than once, and he wondered how the rest of the company had made it look so easy. Merry and Pippin hadn't stumbled that he could recall. A loud splash sounded behind him. Frodo looked back. Sam had slipped on a rock underfoot and was leaning heavily on his spear. His wide, frightened eyes locked with Frodo's. "Not far now!" Frodo said bracingly. "We're almost halfway!" And I hope this river doesn't get any deeper before then, he thought to himself. At this rate, the water will be up to our chests ere we get there! Frodo had only taken a few more steps when he suddenly stopped again. A strange sound had reached his ears, a low rumbling that had started at the edge of hearing but was quickly growing louder. "What is that?" he said. "I don't know, and I don't like it!" cried Sam. "We ought to get out of this river!" They pressed forward as quickly as they could, which was not very fast. The current was strong, and Frodo felt that it was trying to pull his feet out from under him. The rumbling became a dull roar. It was swiftly growing in volume, very swiftly, and Frodo was now quite sure that it was coming from upstream. Something enormous was heading their way. He pushed on. They were now in the middle of the river, and it was just as well to go on as it was to go back. The splatter of rain and the now pounding noise of the oncoming something filled his ears. "Mr. Frodo!" Sam shouted. Frodo did not need Sam's warning to know that whatever it was, it had arrived. The ground shook beneath his feet as he turned his eyes upstream. What looked like a wall of water was rushing toward him, frothing white as it came. A dim memory came floating back to him of witnessing this sort of thing before at the Ford of Rivendell; then it had seemed as if a whole herd of horses had come plunging around the riverbend. But there was no control in the water now, only shapeless fury, and he was not watching safely from the side – he was directly in its path. Frodo was rooted to the spot, unable to look away from the incredible power of the oncoming river. He could hear nothing save the roaring in his ears. Sam was tugging frantically at his sleeve, but he knew there was no point in even trying to get out of the way. They couldn't run, for they were up to their waists in the water, and the flood was moving with impossible speed. Already it was almost upon them. A wordless cry of desperation from Sam blended with the thunder in the air. Frodo unexpectedly felt himself lifted out of the river, caught up in one strong arm. An instant later the arm's owner slammed into him from behind and white water was everywhere.