Sam replies, as 'for the rest of my life' seems too bold an answer to a question so innocuous. They sit in companionable silence for a few minutes, stretching their feet towards the kitchen fire. Finally, Frodo speaks. "This has been the perfect day so far. Thank you for sharing it with me, Sam. I must confess, I didn't really want to go to Brandy Hall, anyway." "I suspected as much, sir." More silence. Then, "Sam," Frodo says, "would you like to know why I didn't want to leave Bag End on this visit?" He stares into the fire, not looking at Sam. "If you've a mind to tell me, sir, I'm here to listen," Sam replies, and out the corner of his eye catches Frodo looking almost disappointed. Was that perhaps a bit too circumspect and formal for Mr. Frodo, after a morning spent playing in the snow as if they were tweens again? "That is, I would like to know, Mr. Frodo, if you'd like to tell me," he ventures. Frodo sighs. "I'm tired of travelling to be with the ones I love. With Bilbo gone, Bag End won't feel like home again until there's someone who loves me here, not just in Buckland or Tuckborough. Not that Merry and Pippin aren't dear to me, but it's not the same." Sam has frozen at the words someone who loves me here , and is now staring mutely at Frodo. Should he dare to hope? Frodo turns and looks right into Sam's eyes. "Do you know of anyone like that, Sam? Someone who loves me, right here in Hobbiton?" Sam chuckles nervously, but doesn't look away. "I can think of a few, sir." "Anyone in particular?" Frodo asks, and there's a tone to the 'particular' that makes Sam bold, for he replies, "There's one hobbit o' my acquaintance, sir, who loves you with his whole heart, such as it is." Frodo leans in closer. "If it's the same hobbit I'm thinking of, he has a heart as big as the Shire itself, and that's more than enough love for any hobbit." Sam's mouth is scant inches from Frodo's now, breath on breath, and he's already submerged in those marvellous eyes, so the distance he has to cross suddenly doesn't seem so great, after all. "F-Frodo?" he breathes. "Sam," Frodo answers, and closes the distance between them. It is everything and nothing Sam ever imagined; Frodo's mouth is soft and moist and yielding, and the smell and taste of him are intoxicating, like them Dwarven spirits Mr. Bilbo used to keep around and only bring out when someone were ill. And just like when he were but a faunt and had a real bad cough and Mr. Bilbo'd pour some right down his throat, Sam can feel the warmth coursing right through him, pulsing and burning as it goes, then settling in one place with special urgency. He is suddenly very aware of the kitchen table between them. Frodo pulls away from the kiss, and stands up from the table. Sam notices he's feeling some urgency of his own, too. Frodo offers Sam his hand, and pulls him up so that he's standing, too. He is still holding Sam's hand, and when he speaks again, the moment seems oddly formal. No, not formal; ceremonial, Sam corrects himself. "Sam, will you lie with me today? I can think of no better way to spend a snowy afternoon." "Well now, I'm partial to a bit of sleddin' myself, s-" Sam begins to joke, but Frodo cuts him off by kissing him again, frantically and thoroughly, and soon he's practically dragging Sam down the hall, never breaking the kiss. When Frodo reaches the bed he falls backwards onto it, pulling Sam with him, and soon they're tumbling and kissing, fumbling at clothes and kissing, and then tumbling some more, and when he comes up for air, Sam realises that they've ended up all upside-down, with their feet on the pillows and heads nearly hanging off the bottom of the bed. He rolls off Frodo to lie beside him, so they can move their heads and feet where they're supposed to be and then get back to what they were doing right quick. Frodo's doing just that when he makes an unexpected sound. "Ow!" Sam scrambles upright. "What is it, me dear?" Frodo is holding the fork. He looks puzzled. "Now Sam, I know I have a reputation as a bit of a scatterbrain, but I am almost positive I never left any of the good silver in my bed." Sam figures it's time to come clean. It wasn't quite right what he did, after all, making free with the silver when he's only the gardener, even if he meant no harm by it. "Er, that would be my fault, sir. It was to make it snow, see? You sleep with a fork under your pillow, and when you wake up, there'll be snow. I slept with one under my pillow, too, only silver's supposed to work better than other metals, so I just thought…I was goin' to put it back as soon as I could." He shrugs and tries to look down at the sheets, but Frodo grabs his chin and keeps him looking right in his eyes. Frodo looks like he's never seen anything half so wonderful as Sam at that moment. "Dear Sam. Beautiful Sam. My Sam. I should have known you could make it snow for me." He sets the fork aside carefully, as if it is a precious treasure. "What can I ever give you in return?" "Just keep smiling at me, me dear, an' with your eyes as blue as the sky an' the warmth in them like sunlight, you've given me spring." "Oh Sam, with your heart as big as the Shire and your soul of a poet! Stay with me forever?" "Of course," Sam replies, and kisses him, long and careful, to make it a promise.