was you who discovered this orb then you have a right to know of what I saw earlier during your diving trip," he said in a quiet voice. Marina furrowed her eyebrows in puzzlement. "What do you mean by that?" she asked him. "I was looking into the camera monitors earlier when Cian contacted me about the object. Maybe it's simply a trick of light, but I truly saw something flashing inside this orb. I've examined it afterwards when the crate came to the surface, but I see no indication that the flash would repeat again. I want to know if you've also noticed the same peculiarity when you picked it up from the sea bed." Marina glanced at the dark orb that was still in the middle of the room, "I'm sorry, professor. But, I didn't notice anything unusual. I will help you take another look at it tomorrow if you want. We can also review the video footage to see if there are other qualities this object has shown underwater that we might have missed." Dr. Johnson wearily nodded in agreement. His earlier excitement waning as his body is catching up with fatigue. Marina helped him up and led him to his room after which she went inside her own cabin and, without bothering to change her clothes, stretched out on her bed and was asleep immediately. That night, Marina found herself dreaming of the mysterious dark orb. Somehow, she knew that she was in a dream and she found herself inside the meeting room again. She noticed that the orb is glowing with white light from inside. She slowly walked towards it attracted by the cold fire within its core. Come and find us, Marina. A voice whispered. Come and meet your destiny. The sound emanated from the orb. Surprisingly, she didn't find herself afraid of the voice. It was melodious and pleasant to the ears, but the sound of hopelessness could be inferred from its tone. She was tempted to touch it, to find out more, but she was afraid for in the deep recesses of her heart she knew that this orb had properties beyond the understanding of mere mortals. Return to us, young princess. Save us from our despair. Her hands were an inch away from touching the orb and, finally, curiosity got the better of her. After all, what can happen in a dream? The moment her hands touched the smooth cold stone she saw a never-ending land of snow. In her vision, she felt like she was flying through the magical landscape. She was soaring high above pure-white mountains and through the thick clouds, the cold breeze pushing her hair back and playing whispering songs in her ears. It was a beautiful feeling and she never wanted the moment to end. She closed her eyes for a moment preserving the stunning landscape in her mind. When she opened them again she saw fire surrounding her. Suddenly, a shrill noise like a band of screaming banshees echoed around her. I see you. I see you, cried a horrifying voice from the fire. Marina woke with a start. Sweat was dripping from her forehead and her breath came out in harsh intervals. A quick knock rapped on her door and it was unceremoniously opened by Cian. "Wake up, Marina! A storm is heading our way. You need to put on your life vest and gear and help us on deck," he ordered brusquely. Marina snapped to attention and quickly gathered everything she needed. There was no time now to think of what she dreamt about. A storm is a dangerous business out here in the open sea. She ran out of her room and into the long corridor. The small ship was already being tossed to and fro by the huge waves. She clipped herself on the safety rope and made her way up the lower deck. Alex saw her and shouted, "Go to the upper deck and help the professor contact the coast guards!" Marina quickly ran up the stairs and opened up the latch to control room. "I'm here, Dr. Johnson." "Marina, thank God! I am worried for everyone. This type of storm is quite unusual for the summer months and this small ship cannot withstand for too long the strong winds and heavy downpour." The professor tightly closed his eyes as if he was willing the storm to finish already. "Have you gotten hold of the coast guards yet?" Marina worriedly inquired the professor. He shook his head in regret. He has tried several times now, but the storm has interfered with the radio signals and the coast guard office couldn't be reached for help. "Let me try again then. There's no time to lose if we're vulnerable in this type of weather." Marina speedily took over the professor's task constantly dialling on the communicator and monitoring the others on the board through the cameras. Cian and Alex were holding on to a thin stretch of rope on the starboard side of the ship desperately trying to secure all the expensive equipments that they have. It felt like hours already, but the storm had no indication of slowing down. In fact, it was gaining more strength by the minute. Then, out of nowhere, a huge swell towered over the ship. Marina and the professor's eyes widened with horror as it approached the boat. For a moment, it was as if time stopped and both of them held their breath in anxious anticipation. Finally, the wave was brought down by gravity and crashed its heavy burden on them all. End of Chapter One Author's Note: This is an alternate universe fanfiction and is written for my own enjoyment (and, if they like it, the enjoyment of other fans). As the story has an AU story line, please expect slight changes to the characters, situation, and the like. In other words, don't be a Tolkien legendarium Nazi. The usual disclaimer and copyright apply.