he found himself with a lap full of bouncy baby brother. Though Faramir often acted older than he was, once in a while he was like the little boy that Boromir remembered so vividly. He missed seeing Faramir so happy, it had been too long since the last time he had been so unreserved. "I suppose you'll be wanting your present," Boromir said knowingly. Faramir grinned down at him and nodded enthusiastically. "May I point out the fact that, though you are a scrawny little runt, I can not retrieve anything while you are perched upon my chest." Faramir did not even take the time to be properly indignant about the insult; he just scrambled to one side and stared at Boromir, simply brimming with eager anticipation. Boromir could not help getting a bit excited himself; he could not wait to see Faramir's reaction. He handed the crudely wrapped package to Faramir, and sat back down, still in his nightshirt, to watch him open it. When Faramir saw what was inside, his heart nearly stopped. "Boromir," he whispered, "I cannot take these," "Of course you can, they are my gift to you. I will get new ones made, these will protect you, they have served me well," he pulled the worn leather from Faramir's hand and pulled the bracers onto his slim wrists. He helped him lace them and then watched his little brother admire his gift. Faramir flexed his wrist, enjoying the feel of the leather against his skin, they fit perfectly, snug but with enough give to allow him the movement he would need in a battle, they were obviously well cared for, and he knew that they had been one of Boromir's prized possessions, he would no sooner asked for his brother's right hand than the pieces of armor he could now call his own. "Thank you Boromir," was all he could think of to say. "You're welcome Faramir, use them well, I hope they protect you as they have me, for you are more precious to me than anything else in the world. Happy Yule little Brother, may the next year be good to you," he said, delighting in his brother's reaction. "And you," Faramir answered, throwing himself into the arms of the person he loved most in the world. Sunday, December (present again) Still Yuletide in Gondor 6:44 pm "These are for you Faramir," Aragorn said, placing the package into the hands of his Steward. "You did not have to…" "I did," he stated simply, and Faramir did not argue further. What he saw when he pulled away the wrapping almost made him drop what he held in his hands. They were bracers, but much more than that. Faramir recognized the worn leather, the intricate patterns so meticulously crafted into the surface. These had belonged to Boromir, he had worn them every day, he had been wearing them when he left. Faramir ran a wondering finger over the soft swirl of one of the designs. "How did you get these?" he asked, almost unable to speak for the emotions that were nearly choking him. "When we lost Boromir, I took them; I wore them to preserve his memory, and to keep a reminder of his bravery. I thought you would like to have them… I know he would have wanted you to have them." Aragorn said. Faramir found himself at a loss for words, his gratitude to the man before him was boundless, and he could not even imagine how he would go about repaying the tremendous debt he owed his King… his friend. Aragorn grasped his shoulder, and took his leave, not needing words to see the effect his gift had had. He was happy to have been able to do this for Faramir, he could see what the loss of his brother had done to him, and he wanted to reassure the young man that none of them had forgotten Boromir. His heroism would live forever in Gondor, and his memory would never die for those to whom he had mattered. 10:49 pm Faramir was finally allowed to retire to his own chamber. Now that he allowed himself to accept it, the warmth and friendship of those around him washed over him in waves. He had been a part of it, a part of them, and he could not be happier. He took the gift Aragorn had given him and took them to his desk. On it laid an open ledger, the heading read; Boromir, son of Denethor An account of the life of a hero of Gondor It would take him a while to fill the many pages, but he would persevere until it was complete, his brother deserved that much. He reached the shelf over the desk and placed the bracers in a place of honor, right next to the pair Boromir had given him himself, so many years ago. The leather of that first pair gleamed, they were obviously well taken care of, Faramir would go to work on this new pair in the morning. He ran careful fingers over the binding of the small book, bound by hand that was the only other occupant of that shelf. The stories he himself had written… a present for his brother. He changed into his nightclothes and got into bed, he was exhausted, but it was a pleasant exhaustion, one that came from merriment with those who cared about him, and the excitement of the day. The Yule had always been his favorite time of the year. As he lay there, staring at the ceiling, he whispered to the night. "As the world moves through it's yearly cycle it takes that which is wilting and makes it new again, may the year hence be ever better than the one that came before… I love you Boromir, I miss you, but I know now that you will always be with me," that said, he quietly and contentedly drifted off to sleep. The End