around men's ankles and legs, tripping them up and dragging them toward cracks in the trees that opened like gaping maws. Dougan, who lay huddled still by the oak, sunk in a fog of blind terror, suddenly felt himself lifted up and set on his feet. The fog parted a little, and he found himself looking up into eyes he had never forgotten…eyes full of ancient wisdom and sorrow. But now he saw reproach there too, and could not bear their gaze. "I tried to stop them!" he cried, and found that he was weeping. The tree-giant turned away, striding quickly from the clearing. As it went, its great voice boomed out in long, rolling words, rhythmic and stirring. Ta-runda runda runda rom! The trees all went still, harking to the strange summons, then abruptly dropped the soldiers like so many cast-off toys. With a deep, groaning noise and a violent convulsion that made the earth buckle and rend, they wrenched free of their root-bound constraints to fall in behind their leader in rank after towering rank. The trees were moving! Some men ran screaming before them; others cast themselves on the ground, groveling in witless terror. The trees overtook them, drew all about them, enveloped them in shadow…and then passed them by, leaving them dazed and trembling but untouched—indeed, ignored. As Dougan stared after them in mute astonishment, a strange, cackling voice echoed in his mind. In that moment, understanding broke on him and he knew what he must do. "Stop!" he called out as loudly as he could. "Dinna fly from them, but follow them rather!" But the men still ran hither and thither like ants whose hill has been broken open, unheeding in their panic… He searched frantically until he found his captain, who had caught his horse's bridle and was covering its eyes and whispering in its ear to soothe it. "Laird, laird! We must follow the trees!" Menteith turned slowly and stared at him with a vague, distant expression. He seemed to be in shock. Urgency overcame deference and Dougan seized his arm and shook it. " Please , laird! We must do as she said." "As who said?" murmured Menteith distractedly. "The old woman, m'laird! She said we were to follow the trees…" "…if Malcolm would win the day," Menteith finished for him, and now he sounded like himself again. "Of course! I must tell him of this prophecy forthwith!" Vaulting upon his horse he urged it forward, crying in a great voice, "Follow the trees! Follow the trees to war and vengeance!" His horse snorted and reared, then dashed away. Looking after him Dougan drew a deep breath, feeling weak with relief. He bent down to lay a comforting hand on the shoulder of a great strapping soldier who crouched, shuddering and whimpering, beside him. "Take heart, friend," he whispered. "The trees have nae business with us this day…they go a-calling on Macbeth!" Such of the troops that could be rallied, and prevailed upon to master their fear, now halted in their wild flight and waited, trembling, for the trees to pass them by. How they moved no man could say, for there was a murk about them as they passed, but move they did, with swift, deadly purpose. The soldiers followed warily behind, keeping a respectful distance between themselves and their queer vanguard. Those who fled still before the trees were not seen again. >>> Upon the walls of the castle, the watchmen blinked and stared in disbelief, thinking the rising mists of dawn tricked their eyes. But soon there was no mistaking it: what had been an empty plain was now a vast forest…an enchanted forest, moreover, that rushed swiftly toward them. With a wild shout, one ran to bring word to Macbeth. On the plain below, riding behind the trees, Malcolm looked up at the fortress and laughed, feeling certain for the first time that he would be king. Seizing a horn from his belt, he blew the call to attack. His forces, now heartened, roared as one as they commenced the charge. And great Birnam Wood came to high Dunsinane hill… End Author's notes: The story incorporates the following lines of dialogue from Macbeth : SIWARD What wood is this before us? MENTEITH The wood of Birnam. MALCOLM Let every soldier hew him down a bough, And bear't before him: thereby shall we shadow The numbers of our host, and make discovery Err in report of us. SOLDIERS It shall be done. Acknowledgements: To William Shakespeare: thanks and sorry. Thanks also to John Milton for the "close dungeon of innumerous boughs" ( Comus ), Kenneth Grahame for the Wild Wood in The Wind in the Willows , Arthur Rackham for his illustrations of same, and Tom Shippey for general inspiration. A note on geography: As Tolkien noted in the prologue to LOTR, "the shape of all lands has been changed" since the Third Age, and so no exact geographic correspondence with Shakespeare's time is possible. But his reference to "the North-west of the Old World, east of the Sea," would certainly seem to include Scotland. I don't imagine Birnam Wood as a remnant of Fangorn—that seems too far south for Scotland—but rather of the Old Forest, which clearly harbored its own population of Huorns. While there were no resident Ents there at the time of LOTR (none that we see, anyway) it seems plausible that one or more—maybe even Treebeard himself!—might have removed there if Fangorn were overrun by encroaching Men. Westron words and names: banakil : halfling kuduk : hobbit hloth-nas : the cottage of your people (I cobbled this one together from hloth(o) "cot, two-roomed dwelling" and nas "people.") Kali : Merry Razar : Pippin Sources: Appendix F to LOTR and The Peoples of Middle- earth © 2006 K. Barreto, aka Inkling. Plot and original characters are the property of the author. Treebeard, Huorns, and all Westron words and names are the property of the Tolkien Estate.