fading…" the healer said, taking in the young elf's appearance. "…from grief." Thranduil made a sound of distress and grabbed his elfling in his arms, cradling his tiny body. "We must get him back to the palace, my lord," Torion said, leading the king's horse to him and guiding Thranduil onto him. "You bring the prince, my lord, and speak to him, tell him you love him. Ride fast and do not stop until you get there, or you may lose him." Thranduil mounted quickly and galloped off without a word, Legolas in his arms. "Get me a healer!" Thranduil yelled as he entered the gates of his home. "Get me a healer NOW!" Many elves gasped at the sight of their dying prince in the arms of his father, and they ran to get a healer. The head of the healing elves appeared, having run down to meet his king, and took Legolas's body from him carefully. "Come, my king," he said, already on his way back to the palace. "We will need you to bring the prince out of his grief." Entering one of the rooms in the healing wing, the head healer placed Legolas on one of the beds, pulling a sheet over his still form. "Talk to him, my king," he said. "He can only be saved by hearing the voices of those he loves." "Legolas…" Thranduil whispered brokenly. "I'm so sorry, ion-nin. I should've been there for you. This is all my fault. "I was so caught up in my grief, when I should've been supporting you as you were supporting me. You are my reason to live, penneth. I need you, Greenleaf. Please come back to me." Thrandul did not try to stop the tears running down his face. "Please come back." There was no response or any movement in the pale face. Thranduil held his breath, but nothing happened. Nothing happened at all. The healer returned. "My king," he said, looking sadly at Legolas. "You could not get him to wake up?" "No," Thranduil said, not taking his eyes from his son. "I have spoken to him, I apologized for leaving him alone, but he would not respond." The healer paused. "I think, my king," he said, looking at the far-too-pale prince. "That you should instead talk about the future, about hopeful things. About how you two will get through this hard time together." He paused. "I do not think he blamed you, anyway." Thranduil blinked in surprise and looked up at the healer. "I knew the prince pretty well, my king, because whenever he hurt himself I was the one he would come to. My name is Herethin." Thranduil nodded. He had heard Legolas talking about Herethin before. "If I know the prince, my king, I think he will not blame you. I think that the reason he gave into grief was because people kept keeping him from you. He does not blame you for the actions of others, I think." Thranduil thought for a minute, then nodded. He knew what to talk to Legolas about now. "I shall leave you," Herethin said. "I know you would like to talk to your son in private." Thranduil nodded his thanks, and Herethin smiled at him, walking toward the door. He paused before he reached it. "Please save him, my king," Herethin said quietly. "Everyone here in the palace loves him too much. It would break us to lose him." Thranduil nodded in stunned silence. It brought tears to his eyes to think that the servants in his home knew his son better than he did. Herethin nodded in reply and left the room, closing the door softly behind him. "You know what, ion-nin?" he said, turning back to his son. "I have realized something, talking to your friend Herethin. I realize that I do not spend enough time with you. I don't tell you I love you enough, Legolas. "I think that now that your naneth is gone, Greenleaf, I will spend more time with you. I did not realize the need for this until now, but I promise I will bring you into the forest or the gardens or training grounds, wherever you want to go, penneth. We'll do whatever you want to do that day. I promise, ion-nin," he whispered. "I promise. I love you, Greenleaf." There was no response. He sat there, and suddenly despair flooded over him. How could he have let this happen? He had been so wrapped up in himself, he hadn't even noticed his son leading the kingdom. He was only five hundred! That was like a five year old mortal leading an entire huge realm all alone for two weeks. "I'm sorry, Legolas," he whispered, and tears began to run down his face. "I'm so sorry! Please come back! Please! I need you!" placing a hand over the cold one belonging to his son. He squeezed it tightly, because it was the only thing he had left of his little ion. Was he imagining it, or did his son squeeze back? Thranduil looked up in shock to see his elfling's eyes open, icy blue so much like his own. "Ada…?" Legolas whispered, tears forming in his eyes at the sound of his father's voice. "I'm sorry, I'm sorry..." "Why are you sorry, Legolas?" Thranduil asked, confused. "You've done nothing wrong." "I...I killed her, Ada," he whispered, tears beginning to run down his cheeks. "It's my fault, I took her away, I'm sorry...you can hate me if you want to..." "Oh, Legolas," Thranduil said, pulling Legolas into an embrace. "It's not your fault. It is the man's. Do not blame yourself." "Ada..." Legolas whispered, choking on a sob. "Ada..." "I am here, my son. My beautiful, beautiful son. You are all I have left. I will never leave you," Thranduil murmured into the elfling's hair. "I will always be here for you." THE END AN: Thanks for reading! Please review on this and my other stories!