the Elf, the mirth of his gaze subdued, but not lessened. He stood from his seat on the rail and placed a hand on either stalwart shoulder. Gimli had never seen such an expression on Elf or man. In its clarity, it struck him with the same cleansing as of a cool spring rain. "And I miss all those that have come and gone. But these are tears of happiness, to have had such faithful companions." He knelt and embraced his friend. Gimli's broad arms, which even in his old age were strong, came to rest around the Elf's back. When they parted, Legolas clutched the pendant near to his breast. "I regret only that I have no gift for you." "No gift for me!" sputtered the Dwarf in disbelief. "No gift? And what gift do you think you might have given me that could rival that what you have already given, that could rival passage into the Undying Lands?" "If it can by land or sea be found, I would give it you." Legolas studied his old and sturdy friend. A smile came anew to his lips. "But I can think of only this." And so he bestowed a kiss upon the Dwarf's grayed brow. Gimli grinned. "Aye, dear friend, perhaps that," said Gimli, with reddened cheeks. He shook his head and sniffed. "Only a kiss from the Lady Galadriel herself could be more gracious." Gimli settled again into his tall chair and Legolas on its arm. The moon had reached her peak, and begun her descent in the sky. It was late. "Now at last, Legolas, I think that you are right and it is time for me to retire." He tucked away his pipe, and with much effort stood. "But ere I take my rest, I have but one question for you." "What is that?" "It regards the tale I have this night told." Gimli crossed his arms over his chest to keep warm. "I remember how it was when I found you so long ago in Ithilien, and I could not persuade you to return with me to the White city. Yet you returned early of your own accord. What caused your change of heart?" The Elf breathed deeply, having long anticipated the question. "My intention was e'er to return, but by my will alone. Even upon your urging, I could not have been swayed. Only in this way could I know my own make. But I was afraid, and in weakness tarried," said Legolas, his features both solemn and pleasant. He sat pensive before he spoke again. "Still, you might ask who and not what, and that would be more fitting. For it was in the counsel of the child, Eldarion, that I found courage." Gimli smiled. "And what was his counsel?" Legolas rested his chin in his palm. "He said many things, but among them this: 'Although your years far exceed my own, and you have seen much which I may know only in the telling, I have all the same heard it said that, though outcome be unsure, "great deeds are not lessened in worth." And it is the greatest deed of all to love another, and regret the greatest sorrow, and despair the greatest loss. So despair not! For truest love outlasts even the hour of death if it exists once in a true heart. A wiser man might say to you, love not, and lose not. But call me a fool, yet I say that this is cowardly, and I will hazard the brand.' To which I replied that I must be twice his fool, and thrice the coward of a wiser man, for even then I had not the will to ride out." "But you came shortly thereafter." Legolas nodded. "Yes," he said. "For I saw in the son of the Lord of the White Tree the same valor of his father, the same goodness, and by that I knew that his words were truth; in him, our companion persists. I had not told him my fears, but he perceived them nonetheless. Thus as I watched him ride out, I saw my Lord ride out, and though fearful, despair held no sway over me. Eldarion's admonition surged in my chest, and I could hide no longer." With these words, the Star of Aglarond seemed to glitter more daringly in contest with the radiance of its wearer. "Besides," added the Elf as he placed his cloak over Gimli's shoulders, "although I still do not wholly understand the customs surrounding birthdays, I have lived enough amongst men to know that they very much enjoy gifts on this day – indeed, they expect them – though they may deny it. So I could not overlook the matter of a birthday present." Gimli chuckled at this. His eyes, though weary for sleep, retained in them a mischievous glint. "And what present was that?" he asked, his smirk poorly concealed. Legolas looked sharply to him, his cheeks colored a modest pink. Gimli raised his brows in delight, for he could not resist the opportunity to fluster his companion. "If the look on your face is any indication, I can only guess its nature." "Not another word from you, Master Dwarf!" said Legolas, shooing his companion below deck. "To bed with you." "To bed with me ?" snickered the Dwarf as he descended the stairs. "I would say that it was to bed with you." "And that would be the last thing you would say." So it was that Gimli scampered below deck to take his rest, smug in his repartee. He called goodnight to his companion, and drifted into slumber to the soft sound of singing, and the gentle rock of the sea. Above, Legolas beckoned in the glowing blue of dawn, and set his sights to the horizon. The breaking sun sat at his back, and a star on his chest. The sea stretched forever in all directions, and he was lonely no more.