gawked at Bilbo as if he'd just asked what clouds have to do with rain. "Why, Mr. Baggins, I shouldn't think I'd have to tell you about young Frodo's reputation as a mushroom thief! The best in Buckland, from what they say!" Bilbo's brows now lowered like a thundercloud. "That was all long ago and far away, Elmo," he said stiffly. "Frodo's not stolen so much as a mustard seed, let alone a mushroom, since he came to Bag End!" "Now Mr. Bilbo," soothed the shirriff. "No one's trying to unfairly accuse your ne—Master Frodo of anything too hasty-like. But when Farmer Broadfoot come to me this morning, I had to own as there seemed to be a certain, ah"…he paused, as if searching for a delicate way of putting it…" history that would warrant asking the lad a few questions—by your leave, of course." Bilbo stood frowning and uncertain, fiddling absently with something in his waistcoat pocket. "Very well then," he said at last. "Let us ask him and be done with it, so that we can clear up this nonsense straight away!" "That's much appreciated, Mr. Bilbo," said the shirriff with obvious relief. "Now then…where is Master Frodo?" "He's somewhere about the place with Merry Brandybuck, who is visiting us for the summer. I believe I last saw them in the vegetable garden, talking to young Samwise." He raised his voice and called, "Frodo-lad!" I could tell he was anxious, but trying hard not to let on. "Half a minute, Uncle!" came an eager young voice in reply. So there we stood, the four of us, as Frodo rounded the bend in the garden path and then stopped as sudden as if he'd found a dragon from one of Bilbo's tales barring his way. It seemed he'd met such a welcoming party before, and was none too pleased to see this one. Merry, who had come bounding along on Frodo's heels, bumped into his cousin from behind and now peered around him warily. The Shirriff stepped forward, plainly uncomfortable but bent on his duty just the same. "Now lad, no need to be alarmed, we just want to ask you a few questions…" "Perhaps it would be better to do this privately," murmured Bilbo, with a nod toward Merry. But Farmer Broadfoot could contain himself no longer. "You've been pilfering my mushrooms, you young scoundrel!" he burst out. At these words Frodo started and went pale. His eyes flickered over to Merry, but just as quickly he looked away again and composed himself. I thought this reaction quite interesting…but even more so was his young cousin's face: a mix of surprise, relief, and something that looked mighty like cunning. I turned to the others to see if they'd noticed, but their attention was fixed on Frodo. We waited in tense silence for his reply. But Frodo only stared at the ground, his mouth set in a stubborn line. "Come lad, you needn't be afraid," urged Bilbo. "I've already informed them that their accusations are, of course, completely absurd!" At this Frodo glanced up at his uncle with a pained expression…but still said nothing. "All right, Master Frodo, we can't be waiting all day now," said the shirriff with a touch of impatience. "Did you or did you not visit Farmer Broadfoot's mushroom fields yestereve?" Finally Frodo spoke, looking Farmer Broadfoot dead in the eye: "I'm sorry, Shirriff, but I can't answer that question." "What?" cried Bilbo. "Frodo, what's gotten into you? You must answer, this isn't a riddle game we're playing here!" Frodo made no further reply. "Then you admit it!" roared the farmer. "I do no such thing!" said Frodo hotly. "What did I tell you—of course he didn't do it!" Bilbo declared. "I…I've not said that either," said Frodo, suddenly sounding a lot less sure of himself. "Hogwash! If you don't deny it, that's as good as saying you done it!" growled the farmer. "Ain't it, Shirriff?" Shirriff Tom scratched his head. "Well, ah, now Elmo, I'm not so sure about that. Though I do allow as it don't look good…not good at all. Now Master Frodo," he pleaded, "if you'll just say as you didn't do it, we can be off and not trouble you further." But Frodo had gone silent again, shutting us all out with that familiar closed look. Merry was fidgeting nervously. Bilbo cleared his throat. "Very well then, Frodo. If you've nothing more to say then why don't you take Merry into the smial to wash up for luncheon?" Frodo caught his cousin by the hand and fled. Once they were gone, the shirriff turned to Bilbo with a perplexed frown. "What d'you make of this, Mr. Bilbo?" "I don't know what to make of it," said Bilbo, by now pretty thoroughly exasperated. "But seeing that we're getting nowhere, I think this conversation has about run its course." The old hobbit sighed, then added, "I'll try to get to the bottom of this myself later today…perhaps Frodo will speak more freely when we're alone." "What! You expect me to just go on my way with no satisfaction…no assurances… no mushrooms?" cried the outraged farmer. "Yes," Bilbo said firmly, taking him by the elbow and steering him to the gate. "As to assurances, I daresay that whatever Frodo may or may not have had to do with the disappearance of your mushrooms, it most certainly will not happen again…not that I believe he had anything to do with it at all," he hastened to add. Still grumbling, the farmer reluctantly started off down the Hill, the shirriff and myself close behind. As we left, I exchanged one last, puzzled glance with the Master of Bag End. Editor's note: On Abelard's behalf I must note that any similarity between the opening lines of his account and Pride and Prejudice is purely coincidental, given the fact that he preceded Jane Austen by several Ages. Although I'm sure he would have greatly enjoyed her work.