mouth, allowing Faramir full access. Unconsciously he moaned into the older man's mouth and this only had the effect of causing Faramir to hold him closer. His fingers tangled in Eomer's dark yellow hair and his other hand moved to caress Eomer's body. Faramir was reminded of the day he awoke in The Houses of Healing and saw only the remnants of dark yellow hair. 'The hands of a King are healing hands indeed!' he thought. Long has my heart responded to this man, even in darkness. Eomer moved his lover over to the bed and allowed himself to fall back onto it, pulling Faramir with him. Faramir removed his mouth from Eomer's and looked down at the body beneath him. Without warning, Eomer flipped Faramir over so he was now straddling his love. Eomer bent to his head to Faramir's nipples and began to suck slowly on them, causing them to stand. He bit one of them playfully then moved over to the other nipple and repeated his ministrations. He then moved his lips down and planted soft kisses down his stomach, stopping before he reached his groin. He then moved back up to his nipples and swirled his tongue around them then repeated his path towards Faramir's naval. Again he stopped above the groin. Faramir groaned in frustration, "For God's sake, Eomer! Put your mouth on me!" Eomer did not need telling twice. As Faramir's fingers tangled in his hair, he bent further down and captured Faramir's throbbing member in his mouth. He greedily sucked at him taking all of him into his mouth. He swirled his tongue around and sucked harder and harder. As he did this he began to explore Faramir's area with his other hand. He rubbed and flicked and lightly nipped all the skin he found there. He was pleased to hear Faramir make animalistic sounds as he continued to suck harder and harder. Suddenly Faramir stopped him. Eomer looked up through heavy lidded, lust filled eyes, "My love. I would not spend yet and if you keep touching me like that, you will surely send me over" Faramir pulled his new lover up towards him and captured his mouth again. He pushed his tongue further into his mouth and was rewarded by a soft moan against his lips. He pulled away, "I would have you scream louder" he chuckled as he reached his hand down to Eomer's bulging erection. He began to stroke and caress, palming more and more of him. Effortlessly, he flipped Eomer over and bent to his arousal. He placed a soft kiss on the tip of his shaft, tasting the first of his seed. Faramir swallowed hungrily, causing Eomer to squeal in pleasure. Eomer began to touch every part of Faramir he could reach. Neither were novices in this and Faramir knew he was particularly good at giving pleasure in this area. He placed one hand towards the base of Eomer's erection and placed his mouth over the top. He then began to suck and knead and squeeze and lick every inch of him and Eomer grew larger still. Eomer released Faramir's shoulders and clutched the sheets and waves of pleasure began to roll through him. He bucked against Faramir harder and faster, as though begging the man to take more of him. Faramir felt him hit the back of his throat and he felt his seed nearing expulsion. He reached his own hand down to take care of himself but Eomer stopped him. "No Mir! Take...take...take...me..." Eomer gasped. Faramir looked up at his lover, "You are sure?" "We are neither of us virgins." To prove the truth of his words he reached over for a small bottle of oil which he handed to Faramir. Faramir greedily oiled his fingers, then his shaft. He began to finger his way to Eomer's entrance. He placed one finger inside and curled his finger. Eomer continued bucking against him as Faramir entered a second finger, then a third. "Ye Gods Mir! Do it! Do it now" Faramir could not resist his lover's begging. He angled himself perfectly and entered his lover slowly. He began to softly move in and out as Eomer panted, "Harder...faster..." Faramir complied and was soon roughly taking Eomer. Eomer winced with pleasure and rolled himself against Faramir, causing Faramir to groan loudy. "Oh Mer! My love! My heart! My sweet..." Faramir could hardly control himself. He pushed harder and harder. He grasped Eomer's erection in his hand and pumped his hand faster and faster, "Come for me, Mer! Please! I would feel you! Please!" Faramir begged Eomer as he pounded faster and faster, "Oh to be inside of you! After so long. How I have longed for this...for you...lover!" Faramir gasped once more as he felt Eomer spread his seed over his hand. Eomer gasped, "Now you, love. Let me feel you inside of me. I need to feel your warmth and your wetness. Prove that you want me!" "As if there's a need, foolish boy!" Faramir muttered, then let himself spill into Eomer. Eomer screamed his name loud and Faramir screamed his. He withdrew and collapsed next to Eomer. Eomer turned to him. "Oh Mir! Thank you, thank you" Eomer kissed every part of his face he could reach. Faramir chuckled, "You need not thank me, love. Love requires no thanks. Simply accept it with all my heart because I give it with all mine. And indeed, I should be the one thanking you. Do you not think I know who it was who called me from darkness? You saved me, Mer! Both then and now!" Eomer looked at this man, this perfect, beautiful man lying next to him, having returned to him. "Dear heart, I would have you be mine?" Eomer looked up shyly, for a moment fearing rejection. "I thought you'd never ask" Faramir replied huskily before claiming Eomer's lips again. The End. Well, I'm exhausted! Hope you enjoyed it, if that's the right word!