forgotten and he launched himself at the pile, heart bursting with adrenaline and frantic joy. Elladan and Elrohir, fresh from an advanced archery lesson, were on their way back to the clearing to push the leaves to the sides near the tree line so they would not be in the way for any autumn picnickers who frequented this particular spot regularly when they heard a shriek of fear. Without a word they broke into a dead run, rounded the corner and stopped, their blood running cold at the sight they beheld. Estel hit the leaves and giggled to himself as they covered him blocking his view of the sky. As he sat up he heard a sound and turned, there right next to him was the biggest snake Estel had ever seen in his short few years in this world, he shrieked. "Estel, daro, do not move," Elladan said as calmly as he could. Elrohir had already unslung his bow and was lining up a shot, they both knew that they only had one shot to save their baby brother, the snake was reared up and poised to strike and Estel had the look of someone who was going to either try to run or start crying and at this point either would end in disaster. Elrohir flashed a quick look at his twin, his nerves showing in his eyes, but his fingers were steady as they notched the arrow and with a final deep breath he released the string. There was a breath of time while the arrow was flying through the air that seemed to stand still, no one moved, no one breathed, the wind itself seemed to have died completely, then with a sickening thwack, the snakes head, fangs still bared, parted company with the rest of its body. The severed head closed with a snap on air, obviously the snake had not yet realized that it was no longer among the living, then its eyes glazed and it stilled. Estel broke into sobbing tears, pulling in great gulps of breath, Elladan was at his side in an instant, and he snatched the boy into his arms and held him tightly against his chest. Tears of relief and fright rolled down his own cheeks as the realization that Estel was in fact all right set in. Elrohir joined them and wrapped his arms around them both, his tears mingling with theirs and for a moment they were all content to hold each other and draw comfort from one another. The first to pull back was Estel. "Am I in trouble?" he asked, his voice stuffy from crying. "What do you think impling?" Elrohir asked sternly. Estel bowed his head and sniffled some more while Elladan carried him over to a mossy rock by the trees. He sat the little boy in his lap facing him; he had just realized that his baby brother was barefoot. "Do you know why we are going to spank you?" Elladan asked, rubbing his hands over Estel's feet to bring some warmth back into them. "Because the snake almost bit me," Estel replied dejectedly. "Nay," Elrohir said at once, "You do not control the snakes Estel, you only have control over your actions, what have you done this day that has earned you a spanking?" realization dawned in Estel's eyes. "I sneaked out, and I didn't bring shoes, and I didn't tell anybody," he said biting his lip harshly. "Quite a list," Elladan said. "I'm sorry," Estel whispered. "We know you're sorry now impling, but we are going to spank you so that you remember and next time you want to do something like this it won't be quite so tempting," Elladan explained, lowering the small leggings and flipping his little brother over his knee. He landed seven hard swats, turning the backside over his lap a bright pink before rising and switching places with Elrohir. "Please stop," Estel begged, he was crying hard and his nose was running. Elrohir felt bad that he had to keep punishing the little mite, but if they did not do it now, he could get himself into further trouble later. "If we had not come along Estel, you could be dead right now, how do you think we would feel if that happened? How would Ada feel? He doesn't even know where you are right now he is probably frantic with worry," Elrohir lectured as he began his half of the spanking. When he was done he pulled Estel's limp frame into his arms and held him tight. When Estel had calmed, they righted his clothing and Elladan picked him up and carried him as they headed back to their home and their father. About halfway there the excitement of the day (both good and bad) and the lack of a nap caught up with him, and Estel fell asleep in his brother's arms, his thumb which he had tried so hard to stop sucking, was firmly in his mouth. Elladan and Elrohir shared a small private smile, it was moments like these they would miss when Estel outgrew such childish things, he was precious to them and they would suffer no hurt to come to him, he was their baby brother in every way but blood and love more than blood makes ties that bind. They carried him to the front entrance silently, there they met up with Elrond who was indeed getting a bit frantic, his youngest had been reported missing ten minuets ago and their search had turned up nothing. Upon seeing his boys he breathed a sigh of relief and gave thanks to the Valar that Estel had brothers to look out for him. He knew that the twins would fill him in on all the details later, right now they would take Estel up and put him to bed, from the look of things they had all had a very long afternoon. The End Leuca Lassi Snake Leaves Daro Stop