caught a glimpse of the angry, marred skin there. "Claire!" he cried out, sounding almost hysterical. "Your arm…Claire-Bear, why didn't you say something?" he asked in disbelief. Claire tugged the sleeve down again. "It's alright, Jacob. Nothing serious," she said firmly. "And don't call me that." She turned away, hugging herself. She trembled slightly, and the other three knew she was crying. Frodo hoisted himself off the sofa, and went up to her. "Claire…it's alright," he said softly. "I never thanked you for saving me, did I?" Claire smiled slightly, and wiped her eyes. "It's cool," she said lightly, sounding like she felt better, even if she didn't look it. "No problem." Frodo smiled up at her. "And I'll come with you," he added. Claire opened her eyes wide, and then shook her head. "You don't have to…" "I know. But I want to help you." "Same here," said Sam firmly. "You'll need all the help you can get, Miss Claire." It was a sign of how much he wanted to help that he called her 'Miss Claire.' Jacob touched his friend's unhurt arm. "I'm coming too. We both were brought here…we're sticking together. Besides, best friends stick together." Claire looked shocked. "You all…" She seemed close to tears again. "Well," she said, taking a deep breath, "first things first…we need to get to Bree. Jacob and I don't know the way…we only know we need to take Bucklebury Ferry, and neither of us know where that is." "I'll show you," said Frodo, moving to get his things. Claire seemed to notice he was up for the first time. "Oh no you don't," she said sternly, guiding him back to the sofa. "If you're coming to Rivendell, then you need to rest. We'll get everything." Jacob was talking quietly with Sam. He waved to Claire, then darted out of the house. Claire saw the pain in Sam's eyes, and remembered that the Gaffer was his father . She patted his shoulder, and then went about asking Frodo what he needed for the journey, what food was nonperishable, and that sort of thing. The thing that surprised her the most was that it felt normal. It felt like packing for a hiking expedition in the mountains back home, or going to explore a cave that her older brother had discovered. Thinking of her family made Claire want to cry, though, so she focused on packing, and wondering how they were going to manage all this. She'd already managed to drag two Hobbits into this mess…who else would suffer because she couldn't do it by herself? Claire had been in the main bedroom, gathering clothes. She suddenly punched the wall (thankfully using her left hand), and then shouted something very foul, clutching her hand to her chest. "Oh, God that was stupid!" she howled, grimacing. "I'm an idiot ." She paced back and forth, clothes-gathering forgotten. "It's not like they're going to die," she said, trying to console herself. But there was a nagging doubt at the back of Claire's mind: the Gaffer had already been killed. That hadn't been in either the movies or the books. She knew there wasn't any way she could guarantee anyone's safety anymore. The thought burned her, even more than her right arm did. Claire wanted everyone to get out of this alive: and the fewer people involved the better. She considered leaving by herself, but knew Jacob would follow her. He knew where to go, what their plan was…so that option was out. It seemed like the only option was to let him and the Hobbits come. Claire hated that thought. She hated, too, the thought that Merry and Pippin might end up in their little party as well. It wasn't like she had anything against the two; it was just that there was a greater chance of someone getting killed before their time with that many people. And, of course, Claire was taking them straight to Aragorn. Another possible casualty. Her stomach flipped over at the thought of not having a King Elessar. Maybe he could help them get to Rivendell, and then they could leave… But no, that wouldn't work… Claire would have to explain their plight to Elrond, who would call the Council as a result. The party might not be the Fellowship of the Ring then, but there was no doubt in her mind that Boromir, Legolas, and Gimli would be added to the equation. Three more on the 'Possible Casualties List.' Claire's stomach hurt at the thought of each of them: Jacob, Frodo, Sam, Merry, Pippin, Aragorn, Legolas, Gandalf, Gimli, Boromir…even Arwen, who might insist on going. There was no end to the uncertainty that had been brought on by one simple occurrence. In danger too were the Men of Gondor and Rohan… And all the Elves of Lothlórien, Imladris, Mirkwood, and Valinor. If Sauron gained possession of the Ring, then even the Valar wouldn't stand a chance. Claire suddenly realized how much was resting on her, Jacob, and the Hobbits. She felt her stomach turn over, and wrapped her arms around herself. It was too much to take in: her extensive Lord of the Rings knowledge would play no part here. She would have to rely on her wits and intuition, and the love of her friends. But that's how they got through everything in the books , Claire realized with a start. They didn't have inside knowledge…just their wits, a little luck, and a couple hundred men and swords. She smiled slightly, comforted. Pictures of each person ran through her head, but they were smiling; they weren't going to die, Claire was sure of it now. She'd make sure of that personally. In her head, Claire made a silent promise to everyone that would—or could—become involved with this twisted version of the War of the Ring: a promise like the one she made to Frodo. I won't let anyone die, she promised. Nobody will die because of me…nobody.