could not blame him for eating it so soon. I had not bought any food the night before. Instead, I continued my walk east away from the town. Above my head I heard a familiar bird call. I raised my leather bound arm and Swiftwing landed gracefully on one foot. In his other was a small rodent, freshly killed. A present it would seem. I held out my hand and he dropped it before lifting off back into the air. I held the rodent up by its tail and looked at it. On my shoulder Silverblue chittered as if laughing at the gift I had received. "Laugh all you want old friend, but at least Swiftwing will have something to eat later Unlike you if you continue eating that as fast as you are." I said half jokingly as I dropped the dead rodent into a small bag I kept for the 'gifts' Swiftwing would often give me. I had walked a few miles east away from Bree before I stopped where the tree grew few and the sky could be seen. I looked up and saw Swiftwing was just a speck in the distance slightly to the left of me. He was circling downward and soon disappeared behind the tree line. I had a few more miles to go before I reached my destination. It was an hour or two past noon when I reached my destination. It was a small clearing within the forest. The clearing was located near a rocky outcrop of sorts and if one knew where to look a small cave could be found. This clearing was one of the few I often used when traveling through this part of Middle-Earth. Few knew of this place and even fewer knew of the cave. The clearing was empty but I knew better then to blindly step into it. I looked around and saw no sign of anyone within. A good sign. taking a breath I let out a sound that most would call evil, but I found it to be relaxing. I howled lowly. The sound flowing past my lips eerily and into the surrounding forest. My call came to an end and not five seconds after another howl from across the clearing responded. A smile graced my face as my shoulders relaxed. I stepped into the clearing as my third and final companion stepped out from behind a large rock. Whitefang was not your typical mount. While others rode horses, I rode this beautiful and deadly creature. North was where I came across my wolven companion. He was just a pup, frail with no one to care for him. His pack had been slaughtered by orcs surprisingly when they refused to join like their dark furred cousins had. Whitefang was a white wolf and more regal looking then the dark furred wargs that sided with orcs. Honor and pride ran through his veins making him and his late pack different from the others. Our eyes met for a moment before he turned back into the cave he had come from. I shook my head and followed. Silverblue dropped from my shoulders and ran ahead of me into the cave. From above Swiftwing dove and landed just above the hidden entrance. I didn't get very far into the cave before I was pushed back by Whitefang. In his slender jaws held the second pack I carried with me. I learned early on to trust Whitefang's judgment. Though I only understood a few words in his language, his actions told me all that I needed to know. I took the pack from him and he went back into the cave and retrieved the custom made saddle created for him. I had paid a great some of gold for this to be created and it took weeks for me to convince them to make it. This saddle was based on the ones the orcs used for their wargs, but this was made for speed and comfortably rather than protection. For this kind of project I went to the only place I knew where they nearly worshiped their mounts. The horse kings themselves. My request was denied repeatedly for weeks. I refused to let up and was literally kicked out of Endorass many times. It wasn't until Gandalf the Gray passed through and convinced the King I wasn't an enemy that I got Whitefang his saddle. With the saddle in place I hung my packs over his sides. He was built differently from a horse and even a warg so even my packs had to be altered to fit him. I did not mind the extra effort on my part. He was faster than any horse I had come by and could carry me longer and farther, excluding the ancient Horse Lords themselves. Whitefang was smaller in height then a horse but he made up with it by his speed and attack capabilities. On more than one occasion he had saved me with his claws and fangs. A sharp bark from Whitefang hurried me onto his back. I scooped up Silverblue and held him close and I grabbed onto the straps of the saddle. Another thing that was different was the absence of reins. I trusted Whitefang fully for he was more than just a mount that got me from one place to another. He was a companion that understood what was going on around him. Besides, with reins it would take away his ability to use his jaws in a fight. As soon as I grabbed on, Whitefang took off at a full sprint. Overhead I could just make out Swiftwing through the branches. Whatever caused our hurried departure did not bother me as much as it should have. In the back of my mind however, I remembered the horrific cries that had woke me up the night before. If those cries had anything to do with the speed that Whitefang ran, the sooner we left the better.