the consequences, then." That last bit was more bravado than anything else. Dunedain were stronger than most men, and Farbarad was no exception to that rule, but he knew very little of fist-fighting, and he'd always relied on his size and musculature to cow his enemies. Trying to intimidate a drunk man, especially one who had just had his pride stung, was not a good idea. Farbarad's head snapped back as the young man drove a jab into his face. The Dunedain recovered quickly, and sent a broad hook into his opponent's jaw, sending him to the ground in an awkward heap. "Had enough, lad?" Farbarad crouched to haul the young man to his feet for another punch, but the blacksmith's son kicked him in the chest with both feet, sending him on his back. "No, I haven't…" the lad slurred. "But you will." Farbarad rolled out of the way just as the drunken man lunged at him from the ground, and the Dunedain somehow managed to gain his feet a split-second before the drunk did. Farbarad wove away from a few punches before finally getting the chance to grab the blacksmith's son by the belt and the back of his shirt and whirl him around and around before tossing him through the air. The blacksmith's son landed hard and didn't get up, which set a worry-pit festering in the Dunedain's stomach. All he'd intended to do was rough the lad up a little. He'd had no intention of really injuring him, and he got the sinking feeling that he might have. He dropped his guard and walked over to the young man, stopping dead in his tracks as he caught a flicker of movement from his opponent. "Ai." Farbard groaned, falling back into a ready stance as the blacksmith's son struggled to his feet and rushed him. The two locked arms around each other, and crashed from one end of the bar to the enough. For all his strength, Farbarad was knocked to the ground. His enraged foe pinned him to the ground with a leg, and drove fist after fist into his face and chest. Being drunk hadn't affected this one's ability to fight as much as Farbarad had hoped, and the Dunedain felt himself slipping off into the dark land of blessed unconsciousness, a land where he would be free from the white fire that shot through his veins every time a punch landed. S Suddenly, there was a new sound, a swinging, creaking sound, and the thud of boots on the floor. And then there was a soft, yet strong voice. "You've beaten him already, lad." There's no honor or glory in hitting a man who has had his feet bucked out from under him." There was an angry reply from the blacksmith's son, and then the crushing weight that was Farbarad's attacker was gone. The Dunedain dragged himself into a sitting position to see a shortish, very broadly built man throwing the blacksmith's son into a wall. The lad, however, hadn't had a reputation in Combe as a brawler for nothing, and he lurched back towards the newcomer, swinging his fist in a powerful arc. The newcomer simply ducked and returned the attention with a vicious series of punches, including a jab to the gut that doubled the younger man. The spawn of the blacksmith was hurt, but still had fight in him. The two went from one end of the bar to the other and back again, grappling, hurling each other about, and hitting much as Farbarad and the young man earlier, but it was obvious that the newcomer was handling himself far better than Farbarad. The bow-legged newcomer seized the blacksmith's son around the waist and hurled him through the open door and into the street. "You are drunk, boy. Sleep it off. I'll see you in the morning when you fix the mess you have made." The newcomer walked back over to Farbarad and sighed. "You shouldn't have tried to break a horse so wild, friend." Farbarad blinked at the man, taking in his features: his shoulder-length red hair, clear blue eyes, but most importantly the bowleggedness of his gait, the insignia worn on the man's shirt, and features worn from a life on the open country. "I thank you for your help and your advice, friend. However, I can't help but wonder what a man of Rohan, one of the Rohirrim unless I miss my guess, is doing in Combe." The man smiled. "That, friend, is a long story, and one best told after you get some rest. Come, I'll help you to a room." The Eorling helped Farbarad to his feet and looped the much-larger Dunedain's long arm around his shoulders. 'I trust that you have a key to your room on you." Farbarad groaned out the negative, and the stranger shot a worried glance at him, a glance that shifted to Barkeep Proudfoot as the Hobbit cleared his throat. "Yes, Master Hobytla ?" Proudfoot pulled a key out of his pocket and pressed it into the man of Rohan's hand. "Room 14 is where he usually stays, sir. And I go by barkeep. No need of fancy titles with me, sir." "Thank you, barkeep. Come along, my bruised friend, we'd best get you to bed." Farbarad groaned again, and did his best to walk alongside the Eorling, but his beating had left him walking very shakily. It is safe to say that Farbarad was greatly relieved when the Rohirrim laid him down on his bed, laid the key by the bedstead, and left him to sleep with a muttered. "Good night, Master Bruised-and-Battered. We'll meet again in the morning." Farbarad muttered something barely intelligible in reply and fell into a deep, dreamless sleep. Postscript: Okay, what is an Eorling doing in Eriador? Well, I know he's far from home, but bear with me, there is an explanation for all these. It covers many chapters, but there is an explanation.