chased him out, but not before he promised to return in the morning. "Eowyn." My husband sounded very cross. "Is your brother always such an ass?" I laughed in surprise to hear my husband speak so plainly. "Yes, always. But will you try to endure him for my sake?" "For your sake, I will try, my love," he responded somewhat petulantly and winced again. "Husband dear, how badly are you hurt?" "I am well enough, beloved. Two orc arrows pierced my thigh, and my shoulder was opened by a sword. But they say all is mending cleanly. And your arm, does it pain you much?" I told him it was fine, for I did not want to be dosed with poppy, lest it taint my milk. But in truth, it throbbed steadily. Yet it was not the broken shield arm which concerned me, but the one which seemed so cold and lifeless. I did not confide this as I did not want to increase his worry. He told me how we were both in grave danger for a time. How Aragorn, who brought the battle of the Pellenor to victory, had come to us later and had called us back from the brink of death with healing strength and lore. He told me how this extraordinary healing power was a sign of the King returned. There was the uncompromising poison of the Black Breath in the arrows which my husband took, and also in the mace with with the Witch King pierced my arm. "Please, husband, never speak of him again!" I wailed. "Eowyn," my husband was pained to see me so distraught. "Even if I do not, you will not escape it, there are already ballads being composed in your honor. But this I will say and no more. To the end of our days, I am proud to call you wife, for your valor and your love." "Husband, it was fury and despair. I thought I had lost you." I cried. "Hush now, my beloved. We are all together, let us sleep while our son does." "Mmm." The next morning Eomer had returned, as promised, though not better behaved. "What, he is not in the saddle yet? Father! (he turned to scold my husband) You will not do well to coddle him forever." My brother brought me honey cakes and insisted I eat some more, "lest the babe grow up to be a scrawny Gondorian troubadour or some foppish lordling bedding other men's wives." When he was satisfied with my progress, and had had enough sport at my husband's expense, he kissed my brow and the babe's and left. "What an ass! Eowyn, you could not have shared the same parents. Surely." Though my husband withheld much from me at this time it was a mercy for it gave me time to rest and heal. I knew that my uncle, the beloved King of Rohan, was dead. But I did not know that Gondor and Rohan rode behind Aragorn and his companions from the Fellowship of the Ring, to the Black Gate. Or that my brother, now Rohan's King, had gone with them. I knew that our fates were in the Ring Bearer's small hands. But I did not know how close the final battle. My husband did not even confide in me, until later, the horror of his father's demise, or how close he came to taking Faramir with him. He must have suffered greatly at the time, both from the pain, and with no one to share the grief. Days passed before I thought to ask why my brother came no more. Indeed I had little sense of the passage of time, as the sky ever darkened to twilight, and there was much rain. I slept and dozed and ate ravenously, and remembered some lullabies to sing to our precious child. Faramir arranged for our beds to be moved together, and was soon standing and leaning and hopping about the room, feeding me (since I could not yet help myself) and trying to stroke some warmth into my arm. By the sheer force of his persistence, the ice began to thaw in my arm and it tingled with pins and needles. My most fond memory of him at this time, was how he brushed my hair, which was in much need of attention. (Tarynth and Finduin would have been glad for this task, but I sent them to assist the healers who were sore pressed.) Faramir brushed so carefully, loosening the tangles gently and made a plait down my back so Elboron would not pull out great locks, which he liked to grab. Faramir sent for his lute, and played sweet and soothing melodies humming in his low soft voice. I wondered that I had never heard him play before, and he teased me that he did not play well enough for me. He was playing for his son, who had not the judgment yet to develop a taste for finer music. When I finally did think to ask where was my brother, and why we had not been summoned by the Steward, and would Aragorn now take the throne, he told me all. I was frantic and insisted upon looking east to where all our hopes had gone. He wrapped the starry night cloak about me and we helped each other to the garden wall to face the black sky. The strangest thought came to me then. What if I had stayed in Rohan a year ago and refused the marriage arrangement a final time? What if I had rode out to battle with the Rohirrim on Pellenor Field? Would Faramir and I have found each other now in the Houses of Healing? Would we now be falling in love? I imagined it that way for a time. It was such a curious idea that it distracted me from the sheer dread of our doom for awhile. And then we heard the song of Eagles.