face; even in the dark I could see the all the small scars he had acquired at my benefit. "Hello Pippin" "I couldn't sleep, I thought maybe I'd come pester you for awhile." He said still smiling. "You do not pester me, my friend and I more than welcome your company" he sits next to me looking out at the vast dark but sparkling sky. "In the Shire, Merry and I would lay awake for hours at night in the grassy fields in Buckland smoking and staring at the stars. They almost seem closer here." "That sounds beautiful; I should like to see the Shire someday." He misses his idyllic home up in these cold, grassless mountains. I can understand, now that I am away from it, I miss my dark but familiar Mirkwood. "You should come and stay with us for a few days when all this is over" his smile turns a bit sideways "assuming we all live of course." "Perhaps we will, yes I think I will come and see you when this quest is done and successful. Please, tell me more of your home." He does, he tells me all about Hobbit holes and the Party Tree, the Green Dragon and its fine quality of beer, spending his summers with Merry and his grandparents, stealing watermelons and vegetables from some unfortunate hobbit by the name of Maggot. I laughed at the mental image of little Merry and Pippin running away with a huge watermelon between them. I told him of my childhood, growing up among the trees. He rolls his head along his shoulder blades stretching and making a slightly pained noise. "Is something wrong?" I ask him. "Oh, not really, I'm just a bit sore. I'm not used to all this traveling and…well…" he nods in the direction of my bow. I am struck with a pang of guilt. "I'm sorry, if you like I could rub your back for you." He gives me an amused look. "I usually have a massage every night before I go to bed" I tell him. "Hmm, Legolas you are a Prince aren't you?" he giggles, at the idea I suppose. "You wouldn't mind?" "I assure you it would be the least I could do." he nods "take your shirt off." He unbuttons the light linen shirt and slides it off his shoulders revealing a pale, slight torso. I can see his breast bone and the faintest outline if his ribs. I can scarcely believe anyone who eats so much as he does could be so thin. Still, he is terribly beautiful; his curls fall softly on the back of his bare neck and in front of his bright green eyes. I stretch my legs out and he lies down over my thighs. I breathe on my hands for a moment before I touch him since the air is quite cool. Very gently I cup my hands around his tiny shoulders and knead the nape of his neck with my thumbs. Were I too press to hard, surely I would break one of his small bones. His soft hairless skin is pleasant to the touch. Pippin makes a contented noise so I assume I am not hurting him and I continue down his back. I cannot help but muse at the position he is in. Were he moved up ever so slightly… the situation would much different. I finish his back and tell him to turn over. He does giving me another confused look. I smile and do the essentially the same thing from the other side. Seeing his face makes it easier to judge how hard to press on his tender front. As I approach his groin, I consider it for a moment but decide against it. He really is too young and it might embarrass him. I do not know how such things are done among hobbits. Instead I rest my fingers lightly on his tummy and tickle him. He giggles and squirms away. Sitting up he positions himself on my lap with his back against my chest and his legs resting on mine. He notices that when his legs are fully stretched out they still only reach my knees. I laugh and wrap my arms around him. Without intending to I have taken a quite a liking to this hobbit, not that I'm upset about that. "Thank you, Legolas I feel much better now. I'll get off of you if you want me to." His little head tilts back so he can see my face. I wonder if he realizes how endearing he is? "No, you're fine. You may rest there if you like" I wrap my cloak around the both of us. "Mmm, alright. Goodnight Legolas" he says sleepily as he snuggles his little head into the crook of my arm. "Goodnight my little Pippin" I give him a light kiss right above his ear and lay my cheek on top of his soft curly head. He was sleeping soundly in my arms, shirtless, when Estel came to take the next watch. He looked as though he were about to say something and I held my finger to my lips to silence him. I did not want to wake Pippin nor did I really wish to try and explain this to him. I just stood carefully with Pippin in my arms, took his shirt from the ground and smiled at Estel as I went back into the camp. Thankfully, everyone was asleep. Putting him down very softly next to Merry, I covered him first with his shirt then the unused half of Merry's blanket. I kicked my own bedroll open next to Pippin and lie down watching him in the faint moonlight. In his sleep he reached for my hand and I let him take it. I had no idea that I had left my bow and quiver out on the rocks. My only real concern lie right beside me. "Thank you, Pippin" I whispered.