"By the way Aragorn, was Arwen right about the baby's gender?" Legolas asked Aragorn. "Yep. I still can't put my finger on how she knew, but she was right." Aragorn replied, looking confused again. "Well, we can't help that, can we?" Legolas said, laughing. "No, I guess you're right." Aragorn said. "Oh yeah, by the way, speaking of children, Seraphina's pregnant again." Legolas said, remembering that fact. "Wow, you lucky man…your wife pregnant for the second time in four years." Aragorn laughed. "Congratulations Legolas, again." Gimli laughed, clapping his elfish friend on the back. "Thanks guys, its just, when she first found out, she was pleased, but all the same looking as though she wasn't telling me something." Legolas admitted softly. "What do you mean Legolas? You don't think she was committing adultery, do you?" Aragorn asked him, looking confused for the third time that day. "I don't know, but I'd like to think that she's not. And I'm worried that if I talk to her about it, she could end up offended. She's my wife, I don't want to offend her, but I want to know what it is she's not telling me. What should I do guys?" he said softly and Aragorn and Gimli looked at each other, both faces showing bemusement. "I think you should talk to her about it anyway, just in case it was adultery. Just tell her you don't mean to offend her, you just want to know. It's what I would do." Aragorn replied and Legolas sighed. "Alright. Thanks guys. You've been a great help." He said, walking away, carrying Haldir with him. Approaching Seraphina that day, he gave Haldir to her, asking her to sit down. "What is it Legolas?" she asked him softly, hugging him, but he pulled away, regretting it immediately. He sighed, looking her in the eye. "Seraphina, I don't want you to get offended, but I have a feeling there's something you're not telling me. I'd like to know what it is so if there is a problem, I can help you fix it." He said softly. "Legolas, I don't know how you figured it out, but I may not live until this child's birth. Someone is trying to take my life." She said softly and Legolas looked shocked. "Do you know who it is? Why didn't you tell me before?" he asked her, his mouth open with shock. "I didn't tell you before, because I didn't want to make you worry about me. And no I don't know who it is, but they've already tried twice today to kill me, so I know they're after my life." She replied and he hugged her tightly, not wanting to let her go. "There is no way I'm going to allow anyone to kill you. They'll end up dead if they try to kill you." He said to her, kissing the top of her head gently. "You're a little late for that then." Came a voice and Legolas turned around suddenly, coming face to face with a human man who had a long dagger in his hand. Quickly cutting Legolas across the chest, he pushed the bleeding elf aside and attacked Seraphina, who had put Haldir behind her to protect the little boy. The human had used the dagger to stab Seraphina in the chest, before he slit her throat. "NO!" Legolas shouted, running over, his two knives in his hand, and he started attacking the human. He slit the man's throat deeply, cutting through the carotid arteries on both sides of his neck, before stabbing the other knife into his heart and removing it. Blood was spewing from the cut to the human's throat as he keeled over backwards and crumpled to the ground in a heap. Legolas dropped his knives and lifted his wife's limp form into his arms, tears in his eyes as he tore some fabric from his shirt and wrapped it around her wound to her chest before he used another strip of fabric to gently but firmly place on her throat wound, which had thankfully missed the carotid arteries and trachea. She was bleeding but not too badly. Noticing the bleeding was slowing in her throat, he gently wrapped the fabric around her throat to allow the wound to heal. Checking on her stab wound, he saw that it was no longer bleeding, but the skin was still to heal. So he wrapped the fabric back around her chest, wrapping it once over her shoulder to hold it in place. He then gently picked her up, carrying her to their bed and laying her down on it. "Daddy, is Mummy going to be alright?" came a small voice as Haldir walked slowly over, looking terrified. Legolas sighed and picked his son up, hugging him. "Your mummy's going to be fine. She just needs rest so she can recover." He said softly and Haldir nodded, hugging his father in return. Seraphina made a slow, but good recovery, and by the time two months had passed, she was on her feet again. Legolas and Haldir were hopeful she would recover, but weren't completely sure, but she recovered and had taken her bandages off within two months. Seven months later, Seraphina had gone into labour and Legolas took her to their medical expert (at the time), who would deliver the baby. Screams had filled the air for ten minutes, but after that, they stopped. Seraphina had finally given birth and the medical expert soon returned, handing the baby to her. "Its a little girl." was all he said and Legolas sat on the bed next to his wife, who was cradling the tiny baby gently. "What do you think we should call her, Seraphina?" Legolas asked his wife softly, looking lovingly at his daughter. "How about we call her…um…Liesel?" Seraphina suggested, handing the baby to Legolas. "Liesel is a nice name, Seraphina. It suits her." He replied, gently kissing his daughter's forehead, then his wife's. The End…