in his body and compel his body to the other choice. The hard part will be the binding. I will have to bind him to that body, and then bind the body to you, and away from the sea. Elves are notoriously hard to bind, and that will be very painful." He finished the last rune and wiped his hands on his robe. "I need your help now." Aragorn walked slowly over to the elf, careful to not touch any of the mystical symbols on the floor. "What would you have me do?" The mage walked over with the collar. "Hold his hair up and his head still when I put this on him. I would not harm him more than I have to." Lowering himself slowly to his knees, Aragorn peered into the blue eyes. They fixed on him in a moment of clarity, and then went blank again. With hands that were far gentler than they looked he carefully lifted the long hair and rested his hands firmly on either side of the blonde head. Legolas could feel the collar as it was passed around his neck. He whimpered as the gold touched his skin, burning into him with an icy heat. It clicked audibly when the ends met and melted seamlessly together, a perfect, near-choking fit. The gem rested squarely at the hollow of his throat. His eyes cleared for a moment and found Aragorn kneeling in front of him. "Why?" His voice was barely audible, but the King heard it. The man let the golden hair fall and then touched the pale cheek gently. "For the good of Gondor, Legolas. Everything I've done is for the good of Gondor." But the eyes had already lost their focus and the words fell upon deaf ears. "Give me your hand." Davyn's voice cut through Aragorn's thoughts. The king automatically obeyed and winced when his thumb was sliced with a dagger. Drops of royal blood were applied to the back of the gemstone and it was firmly pressed onto the fair skin. "Why did you do that?" hissed the king. The mage stood up, and gestured for his king to leave the circle. "Elven women choose when they conceive and with whom. That is why your previous wife never quickened with child. I have just removed that choice." Stepping over the salt again, he turned to the door. "It is time. Let them in." Aragorn walked to the door and opened it slowly, and allowed the members of his council and the Countess to enter. They silently filed in, and stood around the perimeter of the room, looking at the kneeling figure in the center of the room. The Countess frowned, and then shook her head sadly, but otherwise all were emotionless. "I ask for the final time, King Ellessar of Gondor. Is this the course of action that you choose? I cannot undo what is going to be done after this point." Davyn intoned the words solemnly, already knowing the answer. The King drew himself straight and tall and his voice boomed forth. "I do so choose this course of action, for the good of Gondor." "So be it." The words were said with a tone of sad finality, but the mage was nothing but obedient to his king. Davyn began to chant in some unknown language, his voice sonorous and deep. With each syllable the salt on the floor began to glow, at first softly and then more brightly until the room was filled with a blinding light. The chanting became louder and more strained, as if there were a struggle ensuing behind the curtain of bright light. A hot wind blew through the room, causing hair and clothing to whip cruelly, and the chanting continued. The wind began to howl, and the chanting turned into a scream, until there was sudden silence and darkness. With a tired wave of his hand, Davyn reignited the torches and candles that the wind had snuffed. He then walked the circle counterclockwise, and with deliberate swipes of his foot, smudged the symbols and then the circle. It was only when he had done this that he knelt before the blonde figure that was collapsed in the middle of the circle. "Majesty, My Lords, My Lady. If you please?" His voice was so soft with exhaustion that he could barely be heard. Aragorn stepped first to his side and looked at what lay before him and smiled. The silk shirt now concealed the swell of breasts, and there was a pronounced curve of the hip. He watched, still smiling, as his mage gently rolled the unconscious body to its back and lifted the chin to show all there that the collar was now part of the soft skin, as if it had been there upon birth. The blue gem flashed with an internal light as it rested in its most natural spot, permanently at the base of a pale, soft throat. The other councilors stepped forward and stared at the body. Arnlaug, as was his wont, spoke first. "Majesty. We must be sure before we give our approval to this." Aragorn frowned for a moment, and then nodded. "I understand." He reached down and his hands shook. He forced himself to be still for a moment and then continued. With now steady hands he ripped open the front of the silk shirt and exposed a pair of womanly breasts with nipples of the palest pink. His hands hovered over this and then moved down to the leggings and ripped open the front of those. There was a woman's cleft, complete with a small, slight coating of golden blonde hair. The king straightened up and smiled. "Countess, I give into your keeping my future bride." His face then went dark. "Davyn, how long can we keep Legolas drugged?" The mage's voice was drawn and tired. "I would advise as long as possible. She will be most unhappy with you when she awakes."