put on a very indignant face. "Hardly worth mounting a rescue, sister! You could have given us some challenge , at the least ... Serkee! How long has it been? Will you not answer me? I suppose you preferred me as a young renegade ... no matter ... Oh, hello, brother, I see you have broken a sweat for once. Remarkable!" Faramir stood yet above Serkewyth's body, cold and still as stone. Eomer came forward to embrace me, crushing me against him. " Agh, you smell terrible!" I knew he was teasing, yet it was true. Not just filth. I had a sharp bitter scent and a nagging worry. I held up my hands toward the light and saw then that my skin was tinged a faint green. He saw my expression and sought to amend his words. "Lothi is waiting outside to take care of you, and Ivanneth is here too. Come." "Brother, wait, the Entwives!" I shouted. Eriol sprang up before me, resting a hand on my arm. "I know the way, Momma, I will show them." Some of Eomer's men followed him. My legs gave out and I slipped to the floor, struggling against a swoon. Faramir was upon me at once. "Lie her down. Mind her head. Bring that cushion." He covered me with his cloak, his palm on my forehead. Elboron was hovering above me, his brow furrowed. After a few deep breaths I felt somewhat revived. It was then I noticed that Faramir had in his belt one of my rosewood daggers. Swiftly I drew it out and sliced through the heel of my palm. "Ah, no, Eowyn, what are you doing? Beloved, please. No!" He grabbed my wrists firmly, and Elboron bent to staunch the flow. Eomer gripped my shoulders. All three exchanged horrified glances, examining my face for signs of lucidity. "Red." I breathed in relief. " Still my blood flows red." Chapter 10 The Gift The final part of my story took place but a few weeks ago, yet both exhaustion and being weaned from the serum confound my recollection. I wept for no reason and troubled dreams woke me frequently. I do remember Fara never left my side, but coaxed me to eat and rest. Lothi rubbed ointment into the cuts on my hands and feet. Ivanneth massaged my hair with geranium oil, and teased out the nits and matted clumps. Soon I was asking to go home again, and when my husband hesitated I remembered again the woman in the Palantir. No, no, he insisted gently. He had no other wife. He only wanted me to be well enough to travel. "Mama, perhaps you saw Bori's wife." Ivanneth mused pensively. "Can you describe her to us?" "Bori has wed?" They exchanged worried looks again. They were fearful of introducing any new idea to disorient or agitate me. But they told me about your wedding and how it gave hope to Ithilien in a very dark time. "Why, what has happened at home?" More concerned glances. I loathed this coddling. Ah, my lost wits, they must mean me. "Rest now, beloved wife. I think we have discovered who you saw in the Palantir. I know you will be quite pleased with the wife Elboron has chosen." On the day of our departure for Ithilien, the Entwives came to me, and asked to speak to me alone. They had been reunited with their husbands and were hopeful to establish a new bond of trust. They planned to meditate on the matter for a year or two, being that it required an urgent resolution. Deeproot and Lindenfriend came forward with great ceremony, proffering a vial. EOWYN ENT-FRIEND. WE WERE NOT ALLOWED THE CHOICE TO GIVE OR WITHHOLD OUR SERUM OF LIFE WHEN IN CAPTIVITY. WE WILL THEREFORE GIVE IT TO NO MAN IN OUR FREEDOM. BUT TO YOU ALONE, WE OFFER IT, IN OUR GRATITUDE. UNTIL SUCH TIME AS YOU WILL AGE NO MORE. No, I thanked them, no. Two years already I had taken the serum. Two score of years added to my life were gift enough that I might accompany my husband into his old age. Chapter 11 The Sufficient Jewel We had only this left to resolve. Our misplaced remorse. But this was easily done. Faramir believed that I never meant to leave him. I believed that he always meant to find me. And now we will be together until death takes us, one or the other. I have no other explanation for why I refused the gift. I will not live an eternity, but I have imagined it. It is desolate. Jewels and their significance are woven into every aspect of Gondorian culture, from the time of the Simarils. First valued for their power, now for their beauty also. In ages past, among kings and princes, now among half the sons in Minas Tirith, there are many "-mirs". Even our second son is "Aldamir". But in truth, I think it strange to name a child for a jewel or a gem. A bright bit of stone, with whatever power, is but a stone, not a thing alive. (I pray Elessar forgives this small treason!) But often have I considered my husband's name. "Fara-" has the elvish meaning "sufficient". Yet even here the nuance of meanings is influenced by culture. I have observed that in Gondor, one often describes as sufficient something which is merely adequate. Such as "sufficient compensation". But in the Riddermark, "sufficient" is a great compliment. A "sufficient meal" is what the guest proclaims when he can take no more. It implies being satisfied with abundance. Sufficient. Yes. He is that. "When winter comes and boughs are bare, and all the grass is gray When winter comes and starless night o'ertakes the sunless day When storm is wild and trees are felled, then in the bitter rain I'll look to thee, and call to thee, I'll come to thee again." JRR TOLKIEN (Song to the Entwives)