and that she would choose to stay and become mortal with Aragorn, than faces all the ages of the world alone. Just then, a man burst in, breathing heavily. "My Lord," he panted, trying to catch his breath. "A- army of Orcs…10,000 strong at least…they will be here…by nightfall." There was a great clamor in the room as everyone began to panic. Théoden silenced them loudly and called the meeting to order. He began to give out orders for each person to do something. As everyone immediately left to do what they were assigned, only Gimli and I were left. Even Théoden had already left. Gimli followed the king and I followed silently behind, having nothing else to do. Théoden ordered every able bodied man and boy to be given weapons and gear and the women to be sent to the caves; something I am sure Eowyn won't be too happy about. I wished I could get my mind off of Aragorn; but no matter what I occupied myself with, I could not avert my heart to think of something else. Night fell as dark clouds rolled in. Soon thunder began to rumble in the distance. Lightning struck somewhere, lighting up the night briefly and giving us a glimpse of the horror to come. I could hear chants in the distance of the Uruk-hai slowly marching. Rain began to fall, softly at first, before it began to pour down heavily. I wished Aragorn were here with us to fight away my fears. For the first time during the War, I felt icy fear grip my heart and I knew it was because Estel was not here. When the mid of night had finally come, the Uruk-hai were straight in front of the wall. I heard distantly someone yell orders to notch all arrows. I prepared to shoot, yet before they could utter the word 'fire' a lone arrow let loose and killed an Uruk. Chaos broke out. I shot arrow after arrow, until they were all gone. I did not think I would survive the night. I don't know how many times I had so narrowly escaped death. All my mind could think about was Aragorn; every Uruk I killed was for him. Dawn finally came and the rain finally stopped. The clouds rolled away, leaving behind a clear sky. We had already retreated to the fortress, and were now trying to find a way to survive. Gimli suddenly said, "The sun is rising." I looked from the window as I remembered Gandalf's last words to us… 'Look to my coming at first light on the fifth day. At dawn look to the East.' With sudden assertiveness, Gimli said loudly, "Ride out, Théoden King! Ride out!" The desperate king suddenly seemed to be inspired as he said, "Yes. Yes! The horn of Helm Hammerhand shall sound in the Deep one last time." "Yes!" Gimli cried as he climbed up to sound the horn. The rest of us were brought horses to ride. Arod trotted over to me and I climbed upon him. We rode out, viciously killing Orcs as the horn blew from above us. As we rode into the masses of Uruk-hai I was pushed off my horse. I hit the ground heavily, and attempted to stand back up. Arod reared as he was attacked and I was forced into close combat. I felt a searing pain on my arm, but I paid no attention to it. I brutally slashed at an Uruk who held his scimitar raised and he fell to the ground with a last choking breath. Suddenly, a bright light shone and I gazed towards it. Gandalf sat there upon Shadowfax, and beside him was…Estel. Aragorn sat tall and proud upon his horse. Éomer rode behind him, and behind the Marshall was the Rohirrim. They rode down as one and jumped over the Uruk-hai who were shielding their eyes from the bright light that streamed down the steep hill. I couldn't believe my eyes. Suddenly, I felt another searing pain that brought me to my knees. An arrow stuck out from an odd angle from my shoulder. My own silver eyes locked with Aragorn's stormy grey ones as he saw me. I was struck from behind with a spear and I cried out, "ESTEL!" Hoping that somehow he might be able to save me. Now that I knew my best friend lived, I did care if I died. I did not want to die! "Legolas!" I dimly heard someone cry my name. I was struck again and I fell to my knees. I weakly stood again, refusing to fall. I stumbled backwards, another arrow sticking out from my torso. I blindly slashed my knives viciously out, striking at any Uruk-hai who came near. I faltered as a thrust from a scimitar cut through a muscle. I stumbled, still attempting to fight. Suddenly I lost my balance as I fell to the ground. I struggled to stand, trying to force air into my lungs. I was struck again, only this time, I did not try to stand again. I waited for the pain that would come with the violent fall, and was surprised when I fell into a pair of arms. I look up weakly and find I am in Aragorn's arms. "Estel." I murmur, already losing consciousness. Black spots danced before my eyes. "Shh," he said. "Save your rest." "I'm glad I died for you…" I whisper before coughing. It hurt so much…Ai, so much pain. "Legolas!" I blink, barely staying conscious. "Don't give up now! Listen to me, you HAVE to live!" I could barely see, but I felt a drop of water hit my face and I knew it was his tears. "Estel…" I say, taking in a shallow breath. I give one weak smile before a cold numbness overtakes my body, and I know my time has come. I take in one last breath in order to say just one more word… "Namarie…"