to an announcement only if the betrothal was endured one full year. Eomer reluctantly agreed. And so, the day before we were to return to Minas Tirith, our final dinner was in celebration of the betrothal. That evening, Lothiriel and my brother came to Fara and I begging that we let her stay with us for some part of the year, as it was known that King Eomer would spend some time visiting Minas Tirith discussing further alliance with King Elessar. Lothiriel and Eomer could not bear to be parted for so long as a year! Fara mused that our consent would serve two purposes. We could give joy to those we loved, and when we had to escort Lothi back to Dol Amroth at some later time, he could finally take me to the Bay of Belfalas. With Prince Imrahil's consent, we came back to Minas TIrith with a new and very welcome guest. Chapter 24 The Garden Sewn It is a winter pastime in farming holdings to gather sacks of seeds and corms, anticipating the next spring garden. These sacks are hoarded, traded, bartered and gifted as heirlooms. The merits of each plant is weighed and evaluated in planning next year's hopeful bounty. So it was that Fara and I began to look toward Emyn Arnen and plan for our home. We needed so much! Beregond was the one factor already established, a valorous and capable new Captain of the White Guard. But the White Company itself had been all but decimated, and though some few remaining men wished to come across the Anduin with us, others preferred to remain in Minas Tirith as part of the newly formed King's Guard, and rightly so. The Ithilien Rangers, to a man, re-pledged service to their former Captain, and were now retraining in calvary combat, though their former skills would ever be useful in a largely wooded region. Many families had been exiled from Ithilien in former generations when Sauron's reach put their homes in peril. As they began to return over the river, they now pledged us sons to train, in a gesture of establishing allegiance to the new Prince. Nyliss was persuaded by Fara to rejoin the White Guard. His health had fully recovered, as much from the solicitous attention of the Anfalan cook, Sobak, as from his spicy stews. Nyliss strongly hinted that if we were in need of an expert in the kitchen, we should consider such a capable man. And so our head cook was designated. Tarynth and Beregond were soon to be wed, to our delight! Tarynth also applied to be the new Warden of our House of Foundlings. She began training with Selianth, who though her too young to head a house, of course. Soon Tarynth proposed that two of the oldest girls still dwelling in that house, who were willing and capable, come with her as assistants. She also recommended two more girls who were too old to stay in the Houses, but had not been placed elsewhere, to be trained by Finduin as handmaidens. Finduin, for her part, was anticipating being nurse to a great brood of the Prince's House, (so she taunted me) and was happy for the help. Then a grizzled old stable master Aldor, arrived from Rohan to deliver my brother's belated wedding gift. He took a look around the new stable, declared he had been ready for a change of scenery, and settled in. He said that the sound of the rushing waterfalls soothed his old nerves, but I do not think he had any. It was well that he was well skilled with horse lore and the fine beasts themselves, because I do not think even Fara's diplomacy could have persuaded him to move on. I was very concerned to establish a sound Houses of Healing, and made a careful search for a new warden. But I did not find one until we brought Lothi back to her father. The new recruit was Delianth, an assistant to the Warden of the Healing Houses of Dol Amroth, and I felt an instant rapport with her. It did much to advance her case that she helped to rid Bori of a stubborn cough with which he arrived. But her fussiness with stitching a wound won me over completely. Moreover, she felt more than ready for the responsibility of her own house. But I have gotten slightly ahead of myself. In the late spring, when we took Lothi back to Dol Amroth to prepare for her wedding, I finally beheld the Bay of Belfalas. I suppose that it was the very color of my eyes, and Bori's too, but what amazed me was it's vastness. Fara taught me how to swim, which was very soothing in the cool briny water. Bori, who was himself determined to become a fish, swelled the pride of his great-uncle Imrahil. Apparently it was a family tradition to learn to swim before walking. Bori was an expert crawler and could say my name and his father's after his own fashion, but had yet to walk. Soon Prince Imrahil had little time for sentiment of any kind. His beaches were invaded by hoards of Rohirrim planting tents and anticipating celebration. On his wedding day, my beloved brother looked as fine as I had ever seen him. It was no trick of raiment but the joy in his heart. His beloved bride was resplendent. So began a loving and fruitful marriage, one of many in the year or two following the War of the Ring. At last we departed the wedding feast, stopped at Minas TIrith to take leave of the King and Queen, and collected our new assemblage to cross the river together. We were something of a motley Princedom. Our chief commonalities were optimism, loyalty and a sense of adventure. We arrived at Minas Estel as the sun was setting, and Elboron decided to walk over his new threshold, twelve steps, all by himself.