have to prove it to me." He opened the book, and his finger darted out and marked a passage at random. He handed it back to her. "Begin there." She looked at where his finger indicated for a moment, then closed the book and looked up at him sidelong with some fear. Faramir sighed. "I'm not going to hurt you, girl. I don't know why you cannot or will not talk to us. I need to find out where you came from, if you have kin who will claim you. I cannot keep you here, and I do not believe you would care much for the sort of place to which my father would send you. Can you not trust me, and try to speak?" Something flickered behind her eyes, and he felt a tiny bit of excitement, which faded the next minute as her head bowed, and she leaned back against the wall, still clutching the book. "Anborn tells me you washed your hands before you came back here and handled the books," he continued softly. "If you always do that first, then you may look at them as often as you like." He hoped that would elicit some sort of response, but the girl merely wrapped her arms more tightly about the book. He watched her for a moment, then sighed and left the alcove. When Mablung returned from his own patrol a day later, his captain summoned him to the alcove to confer. He sat, drank his ale and ate his supper as Faramir told him of the latest developments in the story of their mystery waif. "We seem to be at an impasse here," the captain finished a bit glumly. "The girl cannot speak, and in all the time we've listened to her, we have no names to go with the story we have deduced from her nighttime murmurings. She cannot stay here, and if I send her to Minas Tirith, she will undoubtedly end up in a madhouse, or some other wretched place. My uncle would care for her kindly, but then she would be the whole length of Gondor away from any possible family who might claim her." "She might be better off with your uncle than her family in any event, my lord," the lieutenant commented thoughtfully. "He has the means to actually have physicians attend her, and he's not some superstitious farmer, to lock her in an attic or cellar." Faramir nodded agreement. "You make a very valid point, Mablung. But I cannot determine whether her kin are superstitious farmers or not, unless I can discover who they are." The lieutenant took a deep drink of his ale. "Well, if we cannot make her talk, then we must find someone else who can talk about her. And that means sending someone into Anorien, and searching for where she came from. Have you a map handy?" Faramir nodded, and went to the cubbyholed cabinet wherein he kept them. Returning, he unrolled and spread it out over his desk, weighing the curling edges down with books. Mablung leaned over for a closer look, but was careful to keep his bread and cheese away from it. "Cair Andros said they thought the same party of orcs had crossed the Anduin ten days previously. What is the farthest they could have gone, and returned in time for us to kill them?" Faramir opened the drawer on his desk, and pulled out one of his most sophisticated strategical tools--a string marked in leagues and tens of leagues. Pinning one end with a finger to the spot where the orcs had attempted to re-cross the Anduin, he pinched it at the point he felt indicated a plausible distance, swept it in an arc from that point and frowned. Mablung whistled. "That's a lot of ground to cover, Captain. Her people could be anywhere within that area." "I agree. And we don't have the resources to search that. I guess we'll just have to hope that she will become more talkative--very soon." The lieutenant, his expression suddenly thoughtful, traced the line of the Great West Road with a callused fingertip. "There might be another way, sir." His finger marked a spot on the map. "If I recollect, there's a sort of inn and store right about here--parallel with Min-rimmon. If she lived anywhere within the area, her family might very well trade there. It might be worth it to send a couple of men on courier horses to ask about her. A lot less resources expended, and as good a way as any, I deem, to find out." Faramir gave him an approving look. "That might indeed be a way to get some information, Mablung! A good idea indeed. But it's near fifty leagues." The lieutenant shrugged. "Going there and back on horses will be a lot less time spent than trying to comb even a small part of that area with a patrol on foot. Let me go, sir, and I'll take Lorend with me. You'll have peace and quiet for a week!" "You do make it sound almost irresistible," Faramir replied dryly. "Very well then--you'll set out tomorrow. I'll do my best to look after her until you return. Unless you would like to rest for a day, and then set out." Mablung shook his head. "I'll be all right sir. Besides, it's riding, not walking. Different muscles altogether. And I don't want to waste any more time. If we can find out something about her, then maybe we'll be able to help her." Faramir nodded. "And help ourselves in the process. Very well then, Mablung-- go get some rest. I'll give you a stipend for expenses tomorrow." The lieutenant nodded and departed, and when he had gone, Faramir rolled up the map and carefully stowed it away. He sat for a long time after that, staring unseeing at one of his favorite books and pondering possibilities, until he finally gave up and sought his own bed.