fellow officers and I have conferred upon this matter. Hear now our judgement. We do indeed find that your striking Esquire Hethlin was uncalled for, and behavior unbefitting a knight. However, she was not greatly harmed, so some leniency is called for. You hold two of the highest offices within our order, captain, and are called upon to do the work of two men. We are not unaware of the burden this can be, nor are we unaware that you have fulfilled both of those duties admirably for many years. Nor are we ungrateful for your efforts on our behalf and on the order's. However, in this instance, we believe that you would be the better for some additional time for reflection. As the offense occurred when you were acting in your capacity of Commander rather than Armsmaster, it is our decision that you surrender the office of Commander of the Order until Prince Imrahil returns from Minas Tirith. We sent messengers to the White City yesterday, requesting that he return home to pass judgement upon the pirates. Horsemaster Peloren will act as Commander until Father arrives, whereupon he will decide if your punishment is complete or not. Do you accept this judgement of your brother officers?" "I do, and I thank them and you, my lord prince." Andrahar reached up and removed the Commander's chain of office from around his neck, presenting it to Elphir, who in turn set it about Peloren's shoulders. He then bowed to the young Prince, and to Peloren, who acknowledged him with a nod, turned and returned to his seat. Elphir then dismissed the company, who rose in a buzz of fevered conversation and began to disperse, casting many curious glances in Andrahar's direction. The Armsmaster looked down at his ward, who was looking distressed, and winked. Brand sighed, and his expression lightened a little. "I was beginning to worry." Peloren stood before them. "Esteven spoke to me after the attack. He was very troubled." "I was a bit slow, Commander," Andrahar admitted. "You have Brand to thank for setting me on the right path." "Indeed? Good lad." Peloren looked down at Brand with a smile. His expression became thoughtfully speculative as he studied the boy's face. He almost started to say something, then seemed to think better of it. "Just so you know-I don't intend to keep this bauble a moment longer than necessary," he told Andrahar instead, lifting the chain of office slightly. The Armsmaster grinned. "Oh, I don't know…it almost seems more a vacation than a punishment to me! Though it would have been more of a vacation had you taken the other office instead." "Oh no, that one is all yours! We were all in agreement about that. You have to learn to deal with her, Andra." Andrahar nodded. "Ah well. It was worth a try. Another couple of days of peace, then back to the grind once more." He looked down at Brand. "Well lad, we've the rest of the day before us. What shall we do with it?" "Go for a ride?" Brand suggested. He seemed reassured by the normalcy of the question after the stress of the morning's events. "A ride it is, then. Here now, why don't you go to the kitchens and get us a picnic lunch? You're a growing boy, they'll give us more if you ask." Brand grinned, and Peloren started. He set off for the kitchens with a whoop of enthusiasm. The acting Commander stared after him. "Andra, that boy is the very image of Lord Boromir at that age!" "Is he?" came the dry response. "I suppose there might be some resemblance." "Is there something you are not telling me?" "Were you not there when I found him, Peloren? You know the lad was a stable boy." "I know you talked to his mother for quite a while." "So I did." Peloren sighed in exasperation. "What will you tell the Prince when he returns?" "About Hethlin? The truth." "About the boy." "I don't imagine I'll have to tell him much. Imrahil's eyesight is perfectly good." "Valar! That's letting the cat among the canaries!" Sympathy kindled in Peloren's glance then, and he asked softly, "Would you keep the boy for your own, Andra?" "What do you think?" The question came out harsh with suppressed feeling, and the Horsemaster laid a hand upon his friend's shoulder. "He could do far worse for a father." "Even after today?" "Especially after today." Peloren smiled. "One of our Gondorrim philosophers once said the truest mirror of a man's soul can be found in his sons' eyes . Watch how the boy looks upon you." And he gave Andrahar a friendly clap upon the shoulder and departed. The Gondorrim don't have any philosophers worthy of the name, Andrahar thought grumpily as he headed down towards the kitchens to meet the boy. But he was reasonably content. The punishment was, he felt, a just one, and in some respects no punishment at all. It would be a relief to have only one set of responsibilities to deal with for a time, particularly with all the extra time he'd been spending on Hethlin of late. And there was a feeling of balance back in his life again-the prospect of penance had centered him. Yes, the world seemed to be righting itself once more. Whether that would remain the case after Imrahil returned…well, he would cross that desert when he reached the edge of it. Certainly, he was not looking forward to the interview in which he informed his oath-brother that he'd nearly let his entire family be killed, and struck the woman Imrahil loved besides. But even that, he felt, could be survived. He reached the kitchens, and Brand came running out with their lunch in a sack, his face alight with enthusiasm for the outing before them. And when Andrahar looked into his eyes, Boromir's eyes, and saw the trust and respect returned once more, he was content.