siege engine range!" The Prince and his blood-brother looked at each other, horrified. Amrothos had ridden north with them last year, not to fight but to meet and consult with the dwarves on matters of mechanical engineering. And the dwarves, usually taciturn about their methods, had taken him to their hearts. Imrahil's youngest was finally getting something of a head for drink, after spending the winter enjoying Dwarven hospitality, which included being forced to consume Dwarven beer on a regular basis. And he had come with them today, to try a siege engine he had designed with the dwarves on the range. As fast as Imrahil and Andrahar got to their feet, Aragorn still beat them, hastening out of the room on his long legs. But they were hard on his heels, with Thorin and Bard following after. Though the Dwarves still kept much of their Mountain's works and passages secret, many visits over the winter had given the Gondorians familiarity with the public thoroughfares. They hastened through them now, indignant dwarves flattening themselves against the walls to get out of their way, offended mutters starting in their wake, only to be quelled by the presence of King Thorin. It did not take long to reach the main gate and from there the dell where their horses waited at the foot of the mountain. The range was between the northern and northeastern spurs of the mountain, a few short minutes on horseback. As the warriors approached, the huddled shapes of downed horses could be seen, with the truncated forms of dwarves moving about them. There was no sign of Amrothos initially, but when they drew rein he could be seen, seated upon the ground, propped against a siege engine. He looked up at the sound of their approach. His father swung off his horse, his face stark white with fear, and covered the distance between them in three long strides. "Are you injured, 'Rothos?" "Just my hand, Father-I think I broke a finger," Amrothos replied shakily. Imrahil swept him up into his arms. "What happened here?" Aragorn asked the dwarves. One of them, the one with the most ornate belt and braiding in his beard, bowed. "Norri I am, my lord. We were just setting the distance for the siege engine when this lot came charging up, whooping and hollering. There were eight of them. Now of course, we've got sentries," and he indicated the two spurs of the mountain, "and they've got bows and they did for two of them before they reached us. But it could have been a bad business nonetheless, even though some of us aren't just artificers and know how to fight. Don't like dealing with horsemen, that's why we asked your folk to come north. Amrothos there dropped four of the horses with knives in their eyes-never saw the like! Didn't even know he had the blades on him. And that took one of them out as well-I think he broke his neck when he fell. Alf took one of the other horses down with an axe to the belly and Sirri the last. Then we mixed it up with them. The young Prince took up one of those big knives we use to cut the cables and started dancing around one of them, dodging his axe. He managed to put the knife in that one's belly but it stuck there. Another one came up on him and I thought he was dead for sure. Too far away for me to reach him in time. But he did this odd sort of dancing thing," here the dwarf starting shuffling about, waving his arms in the most comical fashion, "and hit the man in his throat. That Easterling just dropped, clutching his neck like he'd been axed there, and we didn't have any more trouble out of him. The rest we dealt with. Good thing the lad can take care of himself." Good thing indeed , Andrahar thought, weak with relief. There had always been a fear in him as regarded Amrothos, that if the lad were ever in peril he could not bring himself to kill, even in self defense. Some people could not, sometimes even young men he'd trained as Swan Knights. To Andrahar, the world was divided into several sorts of people-people who were parents and people who weren't. People who had killed, and people who had not, and the various combinations of those four states. For the engendering of a life and the taking of it changed the nature of a person more than almost anything else. Imrahil had tried to spare his son this day as best he could, but it had come. And Amrothos had survived it. He walked over to where the Prince stood with his arm about Amrothos' shoulders, head bent, talking softly to him. "Let's see the hand, lad." Amrothos held it out. The middle finger was indeed blue-black and broken. "I don't think Tarkay's techniques are supposed to be used against people in armor," the young prince said, only the slightest quiver in his voice. Up close, Andrahar could see that he was still trembling a bit with shock. 'I wasn't quite set right and my hand clipped the top of his gorget. But even so, it worked." "It certainly did. You just bought every morning of the rest of your life with your own arm and will." Amrothos must have been recovering, for he gave Andrahar one of his penetrating looks. "No, sir. You bought them for me, because you insisted I learn and insisted that I keep practicing, and when the time came, I hardly had to think at all." He took a step forward and embraced Andrahar, whose own arms came up and hugged him tight without being told to. " Thank you , Uncle Andra!" Imrahil's eyes met Andrahar's above his son's head, echoing the same sentiment and Andrahar smiled one of his rare, sweet smiles. "You are very welcome, lad!"