the night breeze much as Uncle had, and I smiled. "Looking for Eagles?" I asked, eager even as she had accused earlier to change the subject from my failures and foibles. "There aren't any near here. I can't hear them," came her response. "Though I expect I'll meet all sorts when we go north. We'll be traveling beside the Misty Mountains most of the way, and that's where they nest for the most part." "Perhaps one will take you flying again." "In the winter ?" She shuddered. "It was cold enough in the summer! Not before I've got heavier clothes, I hope!" "It must have been marvelous, though." "It was," Hethlin agreed. "And terrifying! The world looks entirely different from up there. It does help you to understand a little about the way that they think. Gwaenaur told me that Eagle language has all sorts of words for different kinds of winds and clouds and weather and such. Many more than we do. Not so many for earthbound things." The scholar in me found himself intrigued. "Are you going to learn to speak Eagle then?" Hethlin laughed, and uttered a squawk. "Unlovely though my voice is, even I don't have the right range for that !" I laughed as well. "Do you know, it's odd," she said a moment later. "I can't hear the Sea. When I first went to Dol Amroth, I was very conscious of the sound of it, always there in the background, sort of a murmur. Eventually, I learned to ignore it. But now I notice that it's missing. The Prince is not going to like being so far away from it for so long." "You will look after him, won't you?" I asked. She lightly slapped the swanship embroidered on the breast of her tunic by way of answer. "That's pretty much the job description, right there." "And protect him from himself, as you used to do me?" Her mouth took a wry twist. "That's a little more difficult, since I'm at the root of most of his trouble." "Perhaps the two of you will sort things out." "Perhaps." Obviously reluctant to converse upon that matter any more, she walked over and scuffed her polished boot through the old fire ring. "We had some good times, didn't we? Even in the midst of it all." "That we did. I was just thinking that a little while ago. Oh, and I didn't join you just to recount all my problems to you. I've got a gift for you." "Really?" Her eyebrows went up. "You didn't have to do that." "I wanted to." I reached into my belt pouch and brought forth her present. "It's going to be really cold up north whether you fly with the Eagles or not, so I thought this might come in handy." 'This' was a tinderbox done up in silver. A very nice one, with a compartment for the flint and steel and a larger compartment containing lint and some fine shavings for tinder. Hethlin took it from me and opened it, regarding the contents appreciatively. "Thank you, Faramir. They issue us tinderboxes, but this is much nicer." "I had it made especially. Look at the outside." She closed it once more, then ran her fingers over the design upon the cover, then lifted it and peered at it in the moonlight. "Is that…a daisy ?" "It is. A daisy in honor of Ithilien's fighting lady. For you will always be of Ithilien, no matter where you go." An old joke between us, that daisy. Hethlin stood blinking in the moonlight for a moment, her fingers caressing the tinderbox. Then she took a step forward, and embraced me, her lips brushing my cheek. "Thank you, Faramir." If Uncle's embrace was no different, hers had changed and was much stronger than I remembered, all wiry muscle. She'd even grown a little taller, I thought. But her hair still smelled of pine and the woods, some soap she obviously favored. I let my hand rise and brush down that silver head and thought for just a moment upon old temptations that had been long ago set aside. Hethlin gave me a squeeze hard enough that I fancied my ribs were creaking, then released me and stepped back. "I wanted you to see the house too, you know," I told her. "I hadn't intended you to just be Uncle's guard." "You could give me the ha-penny tour when we go back down," she suggested. "I think I will survive without an intimate exploration of your pantries." We both laughed, and started back down the hill. At the end of the ha-penny tour, Hethlin declared herself satisfied, saying that this house reminded her of me where my house in the city did not. I mentioned the possibility of renovations there, and while her spoken answer was much more polite, I sensed an unspoken thought that almost anything I could do would be an improvement to the city house. She went off to seek her rest, and I wished a good evening to my Uncle and Liahan, still in the library, and went to bed as well. The next morning was as fair as the last one had been. We set forth to return to the City mid-morning after breakfast, and as I rode, I reflected upon the previous day. It had not been a true house-warming party as the term was more properly understood, but it had served its purpose. Two people I loved and cared about had been brought into my home, and they had found it pleasing. And I had also resolved an issue between us which apparently had preyed far more heavily upon me than it had upon either of them, and that took a great weight from me. The King of Gondor was a wise man, I thought, as I rode back towards the City with a lighter heart; fortified, I hoped, against the duties and burdens that lay before me.