is your sworn man. You are the only one who can manage him. The Prince drank deeply of his own brandy, then took a moment longer to study the ruby depths before he raised his head to meet Andrahar's gaze. "Andra, you cannot blame yourself for Denethor's death or for Faramir's near-murder! I can see how it might seem to you that you were responsible. But bear in mind that Denethor had been influenced for a very long time by the palantir , and the visions that the Enemy caused him to see through it. And that it was he who chose to use it in the first place. He had the lawful right to do so, but it was not the wisest course of action. Had he been more willing to rely upon the council of others, and had less faith in the absolute correctness of his own judgement, he might never have come to such a pass." "But if it were truly Denethor's choice, Imri, then why the burning ? An excruciatingly painful way to die. Why settle upon that for himself and his son? Why do what my people do to their dead when they cannot give them to the desert?" "Perhaps it was Sauron's influence. He has always been overmuch fond of fire. But in any event, I refuse to believe that you cursed Denethor to death. Or Boromir, for that matter." Imrahil shifted his glass from the right hand to the left, then reached out across the space between them to take Andrahar's hand in his own, twining his fingers into his friend's darker ones, hands palm to palm. Palms that were scarred from an oath made decades before. "And as for you being cursed yourself for what you have done to your people, you must remember that you are of my people now. You are Andrahar of Dol Amroth, and you have kept your oaths and your faith. You will not wander in the outer darkness, I feel sure of it. You will be with me when the time comes, and we will find Boromir together." Andrahar bowed his head and squeezed Imrahil's hand tightly. "It would be good if it were so," he murmured, "though we will not know the truth of it until we are both dead, and I am in no hurry to prove you wrong. But know this-even if I do have to wander cursed by my ancestors, I would count it a small cost for what I have known with you and your family." At this very rare admission Elphir arose, and setting aside his glass, came behind Andrahar's chair and leaned over to embrace him. The Armsmaster, who was not a tactile person and seldom permitted such liberties, made no objection whatsoever, which gave Imrahil an indication of how truly despondent he was. I have used him ill these last couple of weeks, he realized, suddenly ashamed. He was there for me, lending me strength, while Nimrien was dying and for a long time afterwards. But I did not return the favor when his time came to lose the one he dearly loved. We learned of Boromir's death upon our arrival in Minas Tirith, and Andrahar went directly into the siege and the battle afterwards with no time to grieve-other than that brief moment with Faramir before he rode out to Osgiliath. Admittedly, events were pressing hard and fast, and there was little time for the luxury of grief. And he would not have allowed himself the indulgence. But I could have made him stop and talk about it after the battles, given him the opportunity to let out some of what has been troubling him. I should have done so. It was my duty to succor him as he had succored me. Instead, I leaned upon his strength as I have always done. He watched the Armsmaster tip his head wearily back against Elphir's shoulder, eyes closed, and wondered if Andrahar were imagining Elphir to be Boromir. Hair and height were similar, though Denethor's first-born had been a broader, heavier man. His son was whispering something that Imrahil could not hear, and after a moment Andrahar nodded, and reached up to pat the arm that encircled his shoulders. It was one of the few awkward movements the Prince had ever seen him make. "Thank you, Elphir," he said, his voice rough with fatigue. "'Tis kind of you to speak so." "I would that I could do something to ease your heart, Uncle. It pains me to see you so despairing." "I am not despairing , lad," came the quick denial. It did not ring entirely true to Imrahil. Andrahar opened his eyes and sighed. "Though I will own that I wish I knew how Boromir met his end. The King has kept his own counsel upon the matter, and I fear that he may have good reason for doing so. Nonetheless, I would prefer to know what befell Boromir, for good or ill, than to imagine what happened. But I think that we will never have the opportunity to find out now-the time to question the Lord Aragorn has passed." The Prince of Dol Amroth set his drink down and got to his feet. In all the years I have known him, in all his decades of faithful service, Andrahar has requested something for himself fewer times than the fingers upon one hand. He strode to the hook on the center pole where hung his blue cloak and swung it around his shoulders. Son and sworn brother looked up in surprise. "Imrahil, where are you going?" "Father?" "I will return shortly. Bide here until I do. I promise that I will not leave the inner encampment, Andra, so you need not fear for me." He swept out of the tent, ignoring the Swan Knight sentries who snapped to attention as he did so, and started towards the large pavilion which bore the Tree and Stars of Gondor.