took the opposite seat once Andrahar had settled the Prince onto his shoulder. The coach started moving. Stroking Imrahil's hair gently, Andrahar continued to talk to him. Kendrion looked on in approval. "That is good--try to get him to come back to us. You have seen this before?" The esquire nodded. "Once, long ago. In Harad." "Then it is just as well that you were with him." "I was not with him. I should have stayed with him in the room. I could have stopped from him taking it." The healer's grey eyebrow lifted. "I do not believe that you are expected to stand over the Heir when he is….involved with his ladies, young Andrahar. There are times when the need for security must give way to privacy. Though I wish you could have stopped him from going with the players in the first place." "That I did try to do. And failed," Andrahar admitted miserably. Kendrion tssked. "Ah well, he's a strong-willed one, and no mistake. Much like his mother in that respect. There is no turning Olwen from a course once she has set her mind upon it either." That surprised Andrahar, for he had always found the Princess to be mild-mannered and even-tempered. "The Prince and Princess are going to be angry with me about this," he predicted glumly. The healer smiled encouragingly. "It may not be as bad as all that." Andrahar, still stroking Imrahil's hair, did not reply. Then his hand brushed the Prince's cheek, and he stopped in surprise. "He is not so cold anymore." Kendrion reached across the space between them to confirm this. "Indeed. He may be starting to come out of it. Do not be alarmed if he should start to run a fever--it is common with such things." "The boy in Harad did so, now that I think of it." "Did he live?" the healer asked gently. "Yes, he did, though he was sick for some time afterwards. And he was trying to die, I think. The Prince…I suspect the Prince was just looking for excitement. And he wanted to please his new friend." There was no use trying to hide the fact that Imrahil had taken the hekadi voluntarily--Meriwyn had already told Kendrion as much. "His new friend? The player?" "Yes." "He would have done better to pay heed to his old friend." Andrahar did not respond to that, but merely bowed his head, and drew Imrahil a bit closer. They were just pulling through the gates of the castle, when the Prince stirred uneasily within his grasp. "Andra?" came the pained murmur. "Yes, my lord prince." Andrahar's heart leapt hopefully. "Seein' things," Imrahil slurred. "Goin' be sick." "Try to hold on a bit longer, my lord, if you can. We're near--" That the Prince was unable to do so became apparent the next moment, when Andrahar found himself drenched in once-drunk bean tea. Imrahil sagged against his shoulder in relief, then frowned dazedly. "Sorry, Andra." "It does not matter, my lord." And indeed it did not, since Imrahil was making sense of a sort at last. Kendrion gave Andrahar a sympathetic look, and as the carriage pulled to a halt before the castle doors, he got out first. A couple of Swan Knights moved into position to aid Andrahar in extricating the Heir from the coach, and he was able to hand the Prince down to them without incident. Each of them laid a royal arm over their shoulders and began walking him towards the castle doors, which stood open with light streaming from within. Two figures stood illumined in that doorway and Andrahar's heart sank. Adrahil and Olwen had come to await their son's homecoming. He fell in behind Master Kendrion and the knights bearing Imrahil, well aware that he could hardly make a worse impression. Having set forth at the beginning of the evening with the jewel of their house, now, as dawn approached, he returned with said jewel nearly drugged to death, and himself in a state that was certainly less than pristine. "Kendrion? Is he well?" Adrahil asked, as he and his wife came out to greet them. "I would not say that he is well, but he spoke to us just now, so I will say that I think he will survive," the healer replied. "It may be a few days before he feels truly himself again." The Prince nodded, and his gaze fell upon Andrahar. His expression was unreadable. "Andrahar. Get yourself cleaned up, and get some sleep--you look exhausted. We will speak later in the day." The esquire nodded, looking towards Imrahil yearningly. Having brought the Heir so far, he wished to stay with him until he was certain of his recovery. But Adrahil, interpreting his glance, shook his head. "We will look after him now. Get some rest." The Princess, her face troubled, laid a hand along her son's cheek and spoke to him softly, and Imrahil murmured something back to her that Andrahar could not hear. Then the royal family processed back into the house, bearing Imrahil towards his rooms at last. As he had been ordered, Andrahar sought out the great tiled room with the bath tubs wherein the esquires and soldiers who lived in the castle bathed. There, he found servants already heating water for those who wished to bathe early in the morning, who filled a tub for him without complaint. He scrubbed himself thoroughly, and washed his hair, grateful to be rid of the miasma of smells he had acquired in the brothel. Dressing in the clean uniform that waited in his cubbyhole, he then went directly to his room, where he took it off again immediately, folding it neatly against needing it later in the day. His stomach was somehow managing to growl with hunger around the leaden lump of worry within it, but he ignored the growling and crawled into bed. The sun was just coming up as he sank into slumber. ************