Lieutenant Mablung nodded, unoffended. I suspected that this was not the first time he'd encountered this attitude. "'Tis not charity, mistress, merely Rangers looking after other Rangers. This gold was bought with the blood of Rangers, and if we choose to use a portion of it to look after Rangers' blood, what of it? I knew Tarian well. He was a generous man and he would have done the same for the families of his comrades. Is that not so?" Mother pondered that for a moment, then nodded. She took the pouch, upended it into her hand, and gasped. A small shower of gold, with some silver spilled forth and she sucked in a surprised breath. Setting it carefully upon the table, her fingers moved through it, counting. "There is enough here to almost pay off Lathron's note," she exclaimed. At the lieutenant's look of polite inquiry, she explained. "Tarian bought some land before he left for the Rangers. It was next to ours, and we truly did not have enough to support ourselves. So it was a risk, but he felt it a necessary one. His pay was going towards the note. We had hoped that the widow's stipend would suffice to pay it in full, but we've not received it yet." "Lathron, heh? I know of him," Ranger Lorend interjected. "'Tis said he'll squeeze a copper till it screams. A hard bargainer." "Are you from these parts then, Ranger?" Mother asked. The Ranger nodded. "Yes, Mistress. My father, Doron, is a merchant in Lossarnach. He's on the guild council there." Mother's eyes lit up with sudden comprehension. "Oh! I know your mother, Emlin! She is the cheese-maker! Your cows are very fine ones. Bessy is from your bloodline." Her eyes narrowed. "If I remember, one of her sons got into some trouble and Lord Forlong sent him off to the army. Said that it would grow him up a bit." Lorend cast down his own eyes, discomfited. Ranger Hethlin gave his fellow ranger an intensely interested look. "What sort of trouble?" came his soft, husky voice. "'Tis of no consequence, Heth," Lieutenant Mablung chided. "Lorend is hardly the only one in the company with secrets he does not want told." That shut Hethlin up quickly for some reason. "He is a Ranger now, and a valued one." Lorend looked up at his superior with an expression equal parts surprise and gratitude, then at my mother. "Mistress Sedryn, are you wanting to use this money to pay Lathron off?" Mother nodded. "This will easily make this year's payment and the next. It would almost pay the note off completely. I would like to pay him off completely, for you never know about the weather or what sort of year you will have, but I also need some supplies for the rest of the winter and seed in the spring. This will not stretch to cover all of that." "Then let me go into Lossarnach tomorrow and do your bargaining for you. No offense to you, but it will go better if I do it. I come from a family of merchants and cut my teeth on dealing from the time I was in the cradle." "He is very good at it," the lieutenant agreed. "Captain Faramir sends him to Tirith to do our bargaining for us. He'll get you the most goods for your money, never fear." Mother smiled almost shyly. "That is very kind of you, Ranger. I would be most obliged. But do you not have duties elsewhere?" "We were going to stop at my parents for Mettarë , but they do not live so very far away. I can spend tomorrow taking care of your business and still have more than enough time to visit them the next day. You can tell me what you need, or send Idren along as your representative." "And I thought that I might spend tomorrow doing a bit of repair work about here, if you would permit it, mistress," Lieutenant Mablung said quietly. "I noticed your roof needed patching." "I'll hunt tomorrow, if you like," Ranger Hethlin offered. "I might be able to get a deer for you. I always liked venison for Mettarë ." Mother's eyes got that glittery look they got when she was on the verge of tears. "Thank you all very much. My husband was fortunate in his comrades-in-arms." She blinked a few times, put the coins back into the pouch then rose from the table. "Gentlemen, if you would like help us move the table, you can set your bedrolls by the hearth and sleep warm tonight." This was swiftly done, though I noticed Silivren making cow eyes at Ranger Hethlin, who was the youngest and handsomest of the three. This seemed to discomfit him very much, as well as amuse our fellow Lossarnach man Lorend. Lieutenant Mablung also had the tiniest bit of a smile upon his face. I gave her a swift elbow in the ribs when Mother's back was turned, and as foreboding a frown as I could manage, but she simply tossed her head and went back to making a fool of herself. The Rangers settled gratefully down as close to the hearth as they could manage, after Ranger Hethlin went out to bring more wood in. "You had a good-sized pile out there," he said to my mother. "And we'll split some more for you before we go. But I'll bank the fire instead if you'd rather not waste it." Mother shook her head. "By all means, keep it going if you like. We usually sleep upstairs, and we'll sleep warmer if you do." He nodded (not being one for wasted words, I had noticed), and tended the fire with the expertise of one who did so continuously. Then he laid himself down beside his companions and wished us a shy good-night. Mother chivvied the girls upstairs and I followed, wondering what other interesting developments the morrow would bring us.