healer. Give it time, lad." Frodo took over the cooking at her insistence, not at all interseted in the beef stew she'd began to heat up in the cast iron pot on the stove. He took his supper into Bilbo's favorite parlor, sitting on the familiar overstuffed chair by the lit fireplace. He stared into the flames as he ate, one spoonful after another, listening as his Uncle broke into a rather violent fit of sneezes. "Goodness, Mr. Bilbo, you'd best be careful or you'll do yerself an injury!" Bel warned, offering a fresh handkerchief to the patient, who had just been tucked back into bed following a bath. The linenes had been changed, and he wore a fresh night shirt, which helped quite a bit. "Bel, you don't have to stay the night, honestly," Bilbo admitted. "Hamfast can't be expected to wrestle all of those young ones to bed alone, can he?" he smiled faintly. "He'll be just fine, sir," She replied. "Frodo's simply too young to be up all night, even though I'm sure he'd want to." She patted the older hobbit's hand, glad to find it slightly warmer than it had been. Bilbo closed his eyes, his head spinning, and he took a deep breath. "Mmm." He could only mutter, and she clucked her tongue. Frodo remained by Bilbo's bedside with Bel until nearly midnight, when she shooed him off to bed. "No hobbit should be up with the dawn, Mr. Frodo," she said. "Besides, it wouldn't do for you to get sick as well. Yer Uncle is quiet now." Frodo peered at the elder hobbit's sleeping face, still rosy with fever, his curls plastered to his forehead with sweat. "I suppose I ought to go to bed, then," Frodo whispered. "Good night, Mrs. Gamgee." He kissed Bilbo's hand ever so gently, glad the old hobbit didn't stir. "Good night, Uncle Bilbo." Bel watched Frodo leave the room, before turning her attention back to her patient. How sleep came to Frodo at all, he had no idea, but he guessed all the work he'd done throughout the day tuckered him out more than he thought. The second he climbed into his own bed and his head hit the pillow, he was barely conscious enough to say his usual good night to the moon. Frodo slept all the way past Elevenses that morning, for a change not dreaming a single dream, and only awoke to the sound of someone calling his name. "Mr. Frodo sir?" The voice repeated, and Frodo opened his eyes, blinking in the bright sunlight. He was a little startled to see young Sam standing by the bed, looking curious. "Beggin' yer pardon, sir, but my Ma asked me to see to it that you woke, or you'd miss luncheon, as well!" Frodo sat up straight at once, rubbing his eyes, and saw the tray of delectable food set out on his desk. "What...I've missed first AND second breakfast?" he asked, alarmed. How Bilbo would scold if he knew! "Aye, Mr. Frodo," Sam replied. "But Ma said you had a good reason. You were up half the night with Mr. Bilbo." Bilbo. Frodo searched Sam's face for any sign of change. "Have you seen Bilbo, Sam? Is he all right?" Sam shrugged, looking sheapish. "No, sir, I wasn't allowed in the sick room jes yet." Frodo felt his heart thumping with nerves, and crawled out of bed, begging Sam's pardon. "I must go and see him," Frodo insisted, and he noticed the expression of doubt Sam wore. "I won't forget your lovely tray, Sam-lad, don't worry," he chuckled, and the younger hobbit sighed with relief. Frodo hurried down the corrider, reaching his Uncle's room in record time. Bel sat beside the bed with a cup of broth, carefully administering it to the older hobbit. "Uncle Bilbo?" Frodo asked quietly, and both of his elders turned in his direction. "Mr. Frodo, you'vce nearly gone and slept the day awa!" Bel laughed heartily. "Did Sam bring you that tray as I asked?" Frodo nodded. "Yes, ma'am, he did," he replied. "Good, good," she said, clearly pleased. "How are you feeling, Uncle Bilbo?" Frodo asked, approaching the bed more closely, so he could get a better look. Bilbo was still pale, but he was no longer sweating, and a bit of sparkle had returned to his brown eyes. "The fever's broken," Bel explained, patting her employer's hand. "Thank the stars. He had a hard night." She frowned a little. "But a few more days of bed rest will do a load of good." Bilbo cleared his still scratchy throat, and reached for Frodo's hand. Frodo clasped it eagerly, and smiled with relief. "Thank you for being such a big help to me, my dear boy," he said, and Frodo wrapped his arms around his Uncle's waist, nearly upsetting the tray. "He's still got recoverin' to do," Bel said. "Yer Uncle's not quite out of the woods yet, but he will be soon enough. The fever worried me most." "I was frightened, Uncle," Frodo whimpered, feeling Bilbo's hand on his back. "I thought you might..." Bilbo touched Frodo's lips. "Nonsense," Bilbo insisted. "No one ever died from a simple cold." Bel arched an eyebrow. "If they aren't taken care of proper, a cold could easily lead to pneumonia," she said, and Bilbo sneezed, causing both of his guests to jump. Bel looked at Frodo who handed his Uncle a fresh handkerchief, and smiled. "Now go on and start on yer Elevenses, before it turns cold!" Frodo gave Bilbo a quick kiss on the cheek before scurrying out of the room once more. Bel returned her attention to Bilbo with a laugh. "I daresay, you've a good, honest, hard-working lad, Mr. Bilbo. I can see why you chose to adopt him." "Yes." Bilbo said with another tired smile. "I'd be lost without him." He was quiet a moment as Bel fed him another spoonfull of broth. "Lost in deed." **END**