Pelargir, one of several commoners who also sat on the King's council. He did not often speak, unless the King addressed him upon matters of trade, and he'd said nothing at all this day. His face was pale as milk. "Can he do that, Guildmaster?" Daerlath demanded. Banadar nodded. "Oh yes." His voice was low and shaken, and the others had to strain to hear. "The Prince's family has always had very good relations with all of the major silk-weaving guilds in Harad, and the merchant houses as well. He can do what he says. And he will ruin us ." The look Imrahil gave the guildsman then was not without sympathy. "You would have to match me to keep what trade you could, and you cannot support it. And then you would have to apply to the king to reduce the tariffs in actuality." He turned back to the Council, his expression chill and resolute. "Much less time wasted, and much misery spared, to simply do as I suggest today, don't you think?" "You would declare a trade war upon your own people, Imrahil?" Forald exclaimed in disbelief. "Why would you do such a thing?" "Because though there are casualties in a trade war, and I do not pretend there are not," snapped the Prince, with a nod towards the shocked and reeling Banadar, "it is still less bloody than the real thing!" He took his seat as accusations and protests arose once more, seeming oblivious to all of it, his attention fastened exclusively upon Aragorn, who was absolutely expressionless. Faramir had his diplomat's face on as well, but he had been badly surprised, as evidenced by the length of time it took him before he remembered himself and rapped upon the table with the rod of the Stewards to bring order to the Council. "I think," said King Elessar Telcontar as he stared at the renegade prince who'd just blackmailed his Council, "that it is time to put this matter to a vote." 8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8 In the sunset light, a man leaned alone upon a merlon on the wall of the sixth circle, looking towards the West. He was leaning upon the left side of the great stone, and though he was alone, his glance would stray at times to the empty space upon his right, and he was addressing the air there. "Well, what do you think, Andra? A good day's work? Perhaps a few less starving children, a few less slaves? Fewer young men felled in battle? I know, I know. It was all too overly dramatic for your taste. Just as well you've gone ahead-you'd have probably ruptured something trying to keep from laughing." Light footsteps sounded on the top steps of the stairway then, and the man faced forward and fell silent. "Is he really here?" a voice like music asked. The man did not answer immediately, merely patting the stone beside him, inviting the other to join him, to take that empty space. When she had done so, albeit a bit hesitantly, he turned to her with a smile. "Like the Houseless Ones? No, he is truly gone, my queen. But I talked things over with him for most of my life, and find the habit hard to break. The folly of age, if you will." "Folly, my lord?" said Arwen disbelievingly. "T'was not folly that bent the Council to your will this day. Though Aragorn did say you skirted the edge of treason once or twice. Not that he is complaining about the results." A pirate's grin flashed at her through the gathering dusk, and Arwen was glad to see it. "It appears that I have not entirely lost my appetite for dancing with danger," Imrahil admitted. "And though I always thought of Andra as my fire, and thought it gone, some embers apparently do remain." "Fanned to life by the wind of the kingdom's necessity?" the queen asked. "We have missed you, Imrahil. I have missed you. Please don't become a stranger to us again. Aragorn needs your wisdom and counsel." "Aragorn, my lady, has every bit of my years and more." "But those years were not spent in Gondor. You have the history here that he lacks. The history that enabled you to do today what he has been trying to do for the last ten years." "True enough." Imrahil conceded the argument. A slender arm laid itself across his shoulders then, and a soft cheek pressed close to his. "And you are very special to me. You were my first friend here, the first one to greet me as queen." "And I will be the first to leave you, Arwen." He turned his head slightly then, that he might meet her starlit eyes straightly. "And it will be soon, as you would reckon such things. Though not forever." His arm moved to her waist in its turn, and squeezed. She sighed. "You truly believe that?" "I know it." The certainty in his voice seemed to comfort her, and she relaxed and leaned even closer. "Your family is all below, my lord prince, waiting for you to join the celebration," she murmured coaxingly in his ear, soft as the voice of the Sea in a shell. "And our family as well. Will you not come back to us?" "I will," Imrahil said, releasing her and straightening up. He took the Queen of Gondor's arm then, and escorted her back down the stairs, to the garden, where lamps hung in the branches of all the trees and a feast was laid on the boards beneath them. There he found his family waiting, and many of his friends. Then Faramir led forward the one face in the crowd he did not know, a young Haradrim face, grave beneath its Gondorian haircut. "Uncle," he said, smiling, "there is someone here I would like you to meet." Footnote-Faramir's words to Frodo that Imrahil quotes back to him are, of course, from The Two Towers .