was fed and had clean water. You worked with the healers to make sure that our wounded were cared for. You went about the city constantly, encouraging our folk. I am prouder than I can say about how you conducted yourself, and I know that your mother would be too! Not everyone can be a fighter." "Any role fulfilled to the best of one's ability is an honorable role," said Andrahar, who had slipped in the door just in time to hear the last of this. "You will not have legends as your legacy, Lothíriel, but lives . That is the better thing, I think." Andrahar had always been absolutely honest, so his words were comforting. "Perhaps you're right, Uncle Andra. Perhaps I'm just being silly." "I wouldn't say silly, exactly," her father said, an arrested expression on his face as if something had just occurred to him. "More like misdirected. Am I the person you should be having this discussion with?" Éomer of Rohan was a friend, a comrade in arms, a fellow commander, foremost in the charge and an all around firebrand. So it was amusing to see him reduced to an apprehensive young man much like any other in this situation. "So you want to marry my daughter." Imrahil's voice was cool. "Might I ask why?" He expected a catalog of his daughter's beauties. What he got was surprising. "My lord prince…" Éomer cleared his throat. "My land is much torn by war. I need a bride who can stand by my side and help me rebuild. Your daughter is kind, wise and courageous. She has already given me much good counsel. I am certain that my people will come to adore her as I already do. She is truly her father's daughter, and you are the man I love and respect above all others save Aragorn. Please tell me that you will accept my suit and allow me to join my house with yours." She has inspired Éomer to wax poetic, and of a certainty he sees her clear. But this particular situation was only going to come once, and Imrahil intended to make the most of it. So he lifted a brow and gave the young King of Rohan a long, assessing stare. Éomer did not squirm exactly, but he did shift slightly from foot to foot under the sea-grey gaze. It was actually little over a minute, but it must have seemed an eternity to Éomer before Imrahil relented, stepped forward and embraced him. "It would seem, my son, that we have a wedding to plan." And here it was where the real difference between daughters and sons became clear, for he'd not felt this sense of grief and loss when Elphir had married. But then Elphir had brought his bride home , and Lothíriel was going the whole length of Gondor and further away. He was being unreasonable and he knew it. Lothíriel was absolutely glowing with happiness, as was Éomer, and they were obviously very much in love with each other. So he put a good face on it as he stood beside her and gave her to another man, and managed a more than passable cheer at the wedding feast afterwards. He'd always been a good actor and he fancied he'd dissembled well enough for Lothíriel, Éomer and maybe even Aragorn-though he suspected Arwen knew the tenor of his thoughts. It was very difficult to hide anything from Arwen. But it was not the Queen of Gondor who came to him as he took a moment of solitude upon the porch of Meduseld, the night breeze bathing his face, but the King of Rohan. Éomer stood in companionable silence at Imrahil's shoulder for a while before he spoke. "We have a saying among our people, Father. What she gives to her husband is but a part, a father holds his daughter's heart. " At Imrahil's confounded look he continued. "I know how you are feeling right now. I felt the very much the same way when Éowyn left Rohan. It is hard. But we will visit you, even though I have little love for that sea of yours," here Imrahil surprised himself with a chuckle, "and I would hope that you know that you are always welcome here and will visit us often." "As often as I can, of a certainty. Thank you, Éomer." "Small credit to me in this. 'Thiri said that I should come and speak with you, that you would be sad." "And here I thought I could hide something from my daughter." Éomer snorted. "Good luck with that! I never can." His mood lightening a bit, Imrahil smiled and said, "So-are we establishing who is ruling the roost in Rohan already?" Rohan's king grinned wryly in response. "I can tell you that it's not this rooster!" That drew another chuckle from Imrahil before he sobered. "You will look after her?" "With my life, my lord," Éomer swore solemnly. "For she is dearer to me than my life." Suddenly feeling much better, Imrahil turned and embraced his son-in-law. "Come, we'd best go back inside. There are the final toasts, then you will be needing to give your bride your undivided attention." It was surprising, amusing and oddly gratifying on some level to discover that Éomer of Rohan, peerless warrior and king, hero of the Ring War, could still blush. She'd been born while he was away at war and in that time had passed through the wrinkly, red early stages of babyhood to the most attractive phase of gurgling plumpness. In fact, she was crawling with a vengeance and looked to be walking soon. Little Nimrien smiled up in response to the smile above her and cheerfully patted her grandfather's face. She chortled and Imrahil felt his heart melt all over again as he held his first granddaughter. "If you've not figured it out already, Elphir," he heard himself say, "I should warn you. Daughters are entirely different."