nothing to do with anything either of us said or did. I think, in all honesty, it was just a part of the pattern to him. I think he came to feel the incident was just one note that flowed into another. And so nothing changed really, and we both returned to how we had been. Yet, I have noticed over the years that our roles have shifted. At some point, I stopped thinking myself the lesser between us and we came to regard each other as peers. Later that changed as well, and by the time we had ventured off on the Quest together, he treated me more like a superior than an equal, though I had no claim to that. I feel his hand upon my shoulder. I halt in my steps and wheel to face him. "I will stop pursuing you, Aragorn. I understand your weariness. Yet there is one thing I would know if you would tell me. Do you yet feel The Song?" I consider this question, weighing it in my bones and my tired muscles. I am old, or at least older than I once was. Much older, though I suspect I have years yet to go. Still, as the thought is put into my mind, I feel a stirring in my soul. I breathe in sweet air and listen to the clang and clatter of the weapons practice court in the background. I feel his hand upon my shoulder and I warm to his contact. And then I feel It and the world fills my heart. I feel as if my next breath will make my chest explode. Yes, here It is. But I recognize It also by another name. My long years have taught me this. This is love. Love and how I feel when The Song becomes one with me, they are the same. And this is how I feel for the ones I hold dear and their place in my world. I feel them. They are a part of me, more so than their physicality could ever lead me to believe. More so than Legolas' hand upon my shoulder. I realize I feel him in my heart, and there I know him better than through the limits of life. This is the Song, as I feel It, as I have always felt It. It is not him that makes It come alive for me, but something that is always there, has always been there. I have known It from infancy when cradled in my mother's arms, and I know It now when I walk the forests near my home or dig my fingers into the soil in my wife's gardens. Even in death. Even in dying. I would always feel the Song. Because It is eternal and It is in me, It is of me, It is through me. It is my bones, and my heart, and my liver, and my mind, and my soul. The Song is there, filling me with hope, giving me a connection to everything I know and love. It is my love. It is all love. And even in my darkest days, at my weakest moments, I can feel It. I know It is there and I know now that I do not need to mourn a time when I will lose those I love, for I have their love with me, always. They join with me through The Song, and we are bonded within It. "Yes, I feel It, Legolas," I admit to him with a soft smile, and I can see by his expression that, to him, I am wise. He drops his hand, and I can see relief breaking over his fair features. He looks so young. And then he smiles and says to me, "So long as you feel The Song, Aragorn, you will be immortal." And with that I smile, for I already know that I will live as such even if I have no physical role in that being. I have learned that I am-- Legolas is-- everything is-- of the Choir that makes up the Music of the World. And I see now that there is nothing of death for either of us to fear. For I am The Song and I shall always be heard. The End Author's Note: Some of you might have wondered where I'd gone off to. Well actually, I've been here, just wearing a disguise. I was writing under a new name, Anarien, and I had a tale going called "Dark Forest." Unfortunately, FanFic recently wiped Anarien away without warning or explanation. One clean swipe. Gone. Fortunately, I have back-ups of everything I've done. Sadly, my reviews are all gone though. That was a year (more actually) of my life taken away, and my story was not even close to complete. Now I'm toying with the idea of posting "Dark Forest" under this penname, Ithilien. It was a rich story, and I don't want to let it go yet. However, I'm unclear if re-posting it would be considered a FanFic violation. Silly, isn't it? I have every word, and then some, here on my computer, but I fear what might happen if I breach FanFic rules. Losing Anarien was one thing, but I really, really, really would be upset if Ithilien was tossed out. And since no explanation or warning has been made to me on why Anarien was dropped in the first place, I'm afraid it could happen again for any infringement I might make. In other words, I'm feeling a bit twitchy. So I'm asking you what to do here. Should I take the risk and post "Dark Forest" under the banner of Ithilien? Would you want to read it as such? Or should I adopt a new penname and put it up there and start over again from scratch just like I did with Anarien? Let me know your thoughts please, either in review or by private email. Majority rules.