there to save you from the orcs when your clumsy fingers drop your sword?" Amrothos threw back his raven-haired head and laughed heartily. "I will have to call to your spirit and pray that elven magic carries it my way." They fell into easy banter then, the kind that the closest of siblings shared. Amrothos shared more information with her about the war taking foot and his thoughts on the matter, all the while never once noticing the spark in his sister's stormy, grey eyes. Later that day Lothíriel took her nephew to saddle and led his pony around the yard with him for a few hours, telling him tales of his ancestors of Dol Amroth. All the while her mind was working on creating her own tale, one that would sure to make her stand out from her family tree. Over the course of the afternoon, she had formed a plan that would see to it that she would experience adventure, traverse new lands, and play a part in this growing war. Not that she wanted to fight orcs or the lot! But she would not stand idly by either, no, not anymore. She wanted to do something! She wanted to break free of the cage of Dol Amroth! When Alphros's mother came to collect him to ready for supper, Lothíriel had a stable hand saddle her own mare Seawind to take to the beach, for sailing had indeed been out of the question due to the impending weather. And I would like to see the sea before I go. "My lady, wait while I retrieve a guard to take with you." The stable master presented himself with a bow as Lothíriel, very much to his horror, hoisted herself up onto her horse. No doubt he had been forewarned by the stable hand that she intended to ride off alone, but she had no intention of taking a guard with her; she never did, and she was not about to start now. She graced the man with a smile so flourishing he blushed clear up to his receding hairline. "No need, Borigan." She said, settling herself onto her saddle, her quiver and bow slung over one shoulder. She gave old Borigan a conspiratorially wink and bent down to give Seawind an affectionate pat to her neck. "Just send word to father I will be a little late for supper." After all, that is part of the plan. And without another word or giving the poor man a chance to answer, she spun Seawind around and took off across the courtyard before the castle, heading for the path to beach. Her laughter danced on the wind tearing through her hair, pulling strands from the coronet Celís worked so diligently at this morning. Seawind took to the cobbles, forcing townsfolk heading home to nimbly move out of her way, though they spared her no anger. The beloved Princess of Dol Amroth could do no harm in their eyes. She had grown up as one of them, had always treated them fairly and with respect; in fact, many waved to her as she sprinted by on Seawind, her gown billowing about her booted feet. Once they reached the rocky terrain of the hills before the beach, Lothíriel slowed her mount and took in the sight of the sun taking its final trek across the sky to disappear beneath the waves. Off in the distance the clouds were great, dark and ominous, threatening to overtake the sky with lightning and thunder. A fierce wind brought from the surf buffeted her slight body as she and Seawind wandered down to the beach, the sand now soft and quiet beneath her hooves. "I have a plan, Seawind." Lothíriel shared with her mare, causing the beast to turn her ears back as if she were truly listening. "I am going on an adventure." Lothíriel breathed, her eyes glittering in the golden light of the fading sun. She pulled Seawind to a halt and faced the ocean, a smile tugging at the corners of her dusky pink lips. "I will make father so angry at dinner tonight that he will not deem to ask for me until well into tomorrow, and by then it will be too late! For you see," She leaned down against the neck of her mare and lowered her voice as if someone were there to overhear her. "I am going to go with Amrothos to Rohan! No, he will not know. I will have Celís steal the clothes of one of the guards, and drug him so he does not wake on the morrow in time to leave. How you ask? You know good and well, Seawind, her husband works at the Houses of Healing here in Dol Amroth! I will simply bid her to fetch poppy juice, and put it in the guard's wine." She laughed at her own cunning; it had taken her all day to think of such a plan! She straightened in the saddle, and Seawind moved side to side, as if not liking the plan one bit. "I know, I'm sorry, for you know I cannot take you. I'll have to ride a warhorse if I am to fit in with a pack of men, pretend to be one of them. But I will not be gone long! Rohan is but a few days ride from here, and we will not be staying long. I do not think so, anyway." Gripping the reins with a heady sense of adventure and her heart light, Lothíriel grinned to the sea, turning Seawind back towards the mighty castle of Dol Amroth. She wouldn't miss her home at all, she told herself, as she kicked Seawind into a gallop along the beach. She was going to help her kinsmen, to break free of her cage, and create her own tale of wonder! I most enjoy any questions, comments, or concerns you may have, so feel free to leave me some. :]