felt Frodo become heavy against him. He looked down at him smiling as Frodo was sound asleep. He gently lifted him carrying him to his room. As he laid him in bed and tucked him in he started to make his way out of the room when he felt a hand grab his. He looked back at the sleeping form behind him smiling at his best friend "Stay." He heard Frodo's faint mumble. He gently climbed into the bed arms circling around Frodo's back before Frodo's breathing lured him to sleep. Frodo woke up feeling refreshed for the first time in a year. The surprise was quickly replaced with a happiness that passed through his entire body as he looked at the face of the one person he cared for more than anything in the world. Sam's eyes fluttered opened at the slight movement of Frodo turning to face him. "Morning." Frodo said with a content smile, one that Sam quickly returned. "Breakfast?" Sam asked eager to get Frodo to eat more. Frodo smiled gently before agreeing after seeing the eager look on Sam's face. They got up making their way to the kitchen where they prepared a big meal for everyone. The two smiled at each other as they set the last of it out. By the time everything was done only Legolas and Gandlaf had woken up and smiled upon seeing Frodo look so happy and well rested. The two immediately noticed the difference in the two Hobbits and couldn't help but be happy for the two. "Good morning!" Gandalf said walking further into the kitchen. He received good mornings in return from the two as he sat down looking around at all the food that had been made. "Morning Legolas!" Frodo said smiling at his quieter friend. He received a laugh in return. "Good morning Frodo." Legolas couldn't be happier in the transformation from last night. Frodo already seemed to be healing well from the night before. Sam handed him a plate filled with eggs, sasuages, and hot cakes smiling brightly as he sat down. Both men began to dig in as everyone else started to come in. Food was passed around and soon enough everyone was eating. While everyone tried to remain discreet everyone looked to Frodo worried about how he would respond to having to eat. They watched as he hesitated only glancing up briefly giving everyone a small smile before taking a small bite of a hot cake on his plate. After this breakfast was filled with much conversation and laughter as everyone ate until they were content. It took Frodo a longer amount of time and he couldn't finish his plate but it was enough for everyone in the room. Frodo smiled feeling Sam's hand slip into his giving it an encouraging squeeze. Frodo smiled leaning forward and kissing him on the cheek. The twins and Arragorn looked up somewhat confused asking "Not that I'm not happy for you two but what about Rosie?" Arrargorn had no doubt in his mind that Frodo and Sam were meant to be together but couldn't help but feel sorry for the young girl who from the looks of it had a cheating husband. Frodo gave Sam a sympathetic look putting his hand on his shoulder. "Rosie left me quite a while ago." Everyone looked surprised before nodding understanding. It was Frodo who spoke up not able to understand one thing… "How did you all know that something was wrong with me?" Frodo looked up to his friends confusion evident on his face. "What do you mean?" Mary asked, the randomness of the question throwing everyone off. "You all just happened to show up the day I was going to end everything. I had said nothing to any of you about my feelings and had given no indication to being upset. How did you all know?" It was the three other Hobbits in the room who looked down. "Well we may have eavesdropped." A guilty Pippin spoke. Frodo frowned not understanding. "Eavesdropped on what?" He said looking between the three. "We heard you singing the other night. After you left the pub. It was such a sad song Frodo, how could we not be concerned?" Mary spoke asked looking to the Hobbit who gave him an understanding look. "I suppose it's a good thing you were concerned. Thank you my friends. I'm truly blessed to have you all…there's still something I don't understand. How did you happen to be here at the same time?" It was Sam who looked most guilty and once Frodo noticed the twins looking to Sam he looked towards the man next to him…"Sam?" Sam looked up smiling sheepishly not really sure how Frodo would respond. "After we heard you signing that night I sent for everyone to come. I knew we would need as much help as we could get, plus we all needed to be together." Frodo's face was blank for a minute before he started laughing hard! Everyone else looked confused… "I struggle to see what is funny." Legolas said looking to the others for help. Frodo was struggling to breathe as he explained. "I just imagine all of you sitting in a circle talking about me in the most serious way! What did you all have pictures of me hung up too?" He said through his laughter. The others joined in realizing how ridiculous it did sound to have a meeting about a friend. Sam looked embarrassed until Frodo put his arm around him causing him to laugh too. This was all any of them needed, to be together, forever. Authors note: So this story means so much to me so honestly even if you have the meanest comments ever I'm not changing it. I care about you all and hope this helps you like it helped me. Again if anyone needs to talk about anything I'm here and I do care. Alright have a great Saturday guys! BYEEEE!