healer not know what building he was in? "Do you remember what happened?" Erestor swallowed. Unfortunately, he remembered it quite clearly. "The bookshelf fell." The healer nodded. "Very good." He looked up at Erestor's father. "As I suspected, his head injury appears to be very minor, Lord Caranár. His ribs are merely bruised, and the worst injury is his ankles, which are both twisted. What he needs is plenty of rest and a few days off those ankles, and he should be just fine." "Thank you, Laiqueril," answered Caranár. "Good day." Erestor watched the healer leave, then looked up at his father. He could see the lines of worry that were just now fading from the familiar face. He winced. Oh, he was in trouble now. And his ribs and ankles had started to hurt as soon as the healer had mentioned that they were injured. Caranár smiled and brushed back a lock of Erestor's hair. "Shall we go home?" Erestor started to nod, then realized that the motion only made his head hurt worse. "Yes, Ada." The older Elf scooped him up and carried him all the way home. The next few days were like a nightmare for Erestor. Once his mother realized that his injuries were minor and he would recover perfectly, she was furious. Erestor was confined to his bed for an entire week. He lay back and stated at the ceiling. He was so bored. His ribs hurt. His ankles hurt. But at least his head had stopped hurting. No one wanted to have anything to do with him. His mother had told him that as a punishment for disobeying the library's rules, he was not allowed to read for the whole week. That made him miserable, and both his brother Soroninquë and his sister Eldaiwen had left when he snapped at them. Soroninquë had even said that he was being a brat about it. On the fifth day of his incarceration, when he was sure that he was going to go mad before the week was up, the door opened unexpectedly and Caranár's face appeared in the doorway. Erestor was not sure whether to be relieved or frightened, so he settled for a simple, "Hello, Ada." "Hello, Erestor." His father walked into the room and sat down on the edge of Erestor's mattress. "And how is my little bluebird today?" Erestor glared at the bedsheets. "Awful." "Your mother tells me that you have not been very easy to get along with for the past few days." Caranár tilted up Erestor's chin so that they were eye-to-eye. "Is there anything you have to say about that?" Erestor sighed. "Nobody likes me anymore." He smiled. "Well, I cannot answer for your mother, Nin, or Elda, but I still like you." Then he became more serious. "Though I like you far better when you respect the people around you, and are polite to them as you should be. And I think that they feel the same way." Erestor frowned. "Nana says that I am not allowed to read. I have nothing to do!" "That does not give you a legitimate reason to be mean, Erestor. I know that you are miserable, but you are making everyone else miserable as well. If you will choose to be kind, instead of choosing to be mean, then I think that you will see that they want to be kind to you as well. Do you understand?" "Yes, Ada." Erestor heaved a big sigh. "But I still have nothing to do." Caranár smiled. "I have a solution for that. You are not allowed to read yet, but I spoke to your mother, and she says that it is fine with her if I read to you. Would you like that?" Erestor brightened. "Oh, yes! What do you have?" His father reached into the pocket of his big blue robe. "I found this book at the library, and it looked like something that you would enjoy." Erestor's mouth fell open. The book was The Collected Letters of Eärendil the Mariner . "Tell me when you want me to start," said Caranár, settling himself against Erestor's headboard. Erestor fluffed up his pillow, then huddled under his father's arm. "Go ahead, Ada." Caranár began, and soon Erestor forgot all about the room and his ribs and ankles. He was far away on the Great Sea, sailing with his father and Eärendil. Elrohir was aghast by the time the story was finished. Apparently it had never occurred to him that his teacher ever had a childhood. Erestor watched him with no small amount of satisfaction. "The bookshelf fell on top of you?" asked Elrohir. Erestor nodded. "Yes. Not only did I hurt myself, but a few of the books were damaged as well. As soon as I was allowed out of bed, I had to assist the librarians for a few weeks until I had made up for the damaged books. At least that part of the punishment was fun." Elrohir appeared to be in deep thought. "How did your adar know which book to get?" Erestor chuckled. "That I will never know. He claimed that it was merely a coincidence, but the way he smiled when he said it always made me wonder. Which reminds me…" He reached down to the leather-bound volume beside his chair. "This was, according to the healer outside your door, the book that you were trying to retrieve. Would you like it now?" Elrohir smiled, then frowned. "I would, but my hand hurts. I think I hurt it when I landed." "Very well." Erestor opened the book and scanned the first page. "Would you like me to read it with you, then? You might be a little too old for that, but…" "No, I don't mind," cut in Elrohir, scooting over on the mattress to make room for him. "As long as you don't tell Elladan." Erestor smiled as he sat down beside Elrohir. "I promise." And so he began.