have no reason to be cautious, meleth nin,' Legolas froze at the change of words, 'I said I would protect you, did I not?' 'What about the Evenstar?' Legolas knew that no clarification was needed. Aragorn knew exactly what the question was referring to. 'She has sailed, along with Elladan and Elrohir. But… I have realized. I never truly loved her like that. I loved her like a sister, and was too blinded by her beauty to realize it. 'Twas you I loved, Legolas,' said Aragorn, finally turning his gaze to Legolas, who shook his head ever so slightly. 'No, Aragorn. You have been blinded by the ring. You do not love me as anything more than a brother,' said Legolas, his tone frantic and appealing. He did not wish for this mortal's love, though he greatly cared for Aragorn. 'You are wrong! You think that I cannot love you because I am so young. That is it, is it not?' Aragorn burst, jumping to his feet. 'No, I only meant-' 'That I cannot love you because I am just a man? Am I unworthy of you, Legolas?' Aragorn drew closer, the ring clenched in his right hand. 'No! Aragorn, I only meant-' 'What!? What did you mean?' 'That you are bewitched! 'Tis the ring making you say these things, not your own feelings,' said Legolas, backing away from the approaching mortal. 'That is where you are wrong, meleth nin. The ring does not make me feel this, it only makes me tell you how I feel. The ring… it is a gift. It has brought us together!' Aragorn surged forward and grabbed Legolas, holding the elf tight in his arms. Legolas struggled against the taller man's hold, but froze as Aragorn crashed their lips together. Aragorn tasted of pipeweed, apples, and blood. Legolas knew that last one stemmed from the cut upon Aragorn's upper lip that still flowed free. The horn of Boromir broke Legolas out of his shocked stupor, and he pushed hard at Aragorn's chest, just managing to get the man off of him. Legolas turned to run back to camp, but Aragorn's hand gripped hard at his wrist, preventing him from running to Boromir's aid. 'Legolas,' said Aragorn, 'Do not leave me. Please, meleth nin. I love you. Abandon me not for that man.' 'Abandon you? Aragorn, mellon nin, I would never,' Legolas said, his tone face softening as he gazed at the desperate man that gripped him. 'Yes, you will. You will run off to his aid and… leave me here, all alone.' Legolas should not have listened to him. Aragorn knew exactly how to manipulate Legolas' heart. '...I will stay,' Legolas said, 'But I will never forgive you if Boromir is to die and we could have done something.' 'You will forget about him soon,' Aragorn said. 'What?' 'He is pointless. You and I will run a great kingdom, and he will be forgotten. We will rule all of Middle Earth, together. Instead of a dark lord there will be us! We will kill anyone that we do not care for, anyone that was ever cruel to us!' Legolas' mind flashed to the elf when Aragorn was a child, to the men that had made lewd comments over the years, to Gimli. 'No… no, you cannot mean that,' Legolas said. 'But I do! We will rule, there will be no one that can stop us! We will be gods ,' Aragorn said. Legolas knew where this was going. His mind flashed to Sauron. To Melkor. To every person that had ever meant harm to Arda. They had all said these words at one point in their lives. 'No!' Legolas wrenched away from the man. His gaze fixated on Aragorn's eyes, how they glowed with the evil that had infected this mortal's heart. Legolas sighed and stepped closer to Aragorn as his eyes filled with tears. 'I am sorry, meleth nin,' Legolas said, stepping closer to Aragorn, 'I will not leave. You scared me, I did not mean to.' Legolas pulled Aragorn close in a hug, sharp blade hidden in his sleeve. He had to do this. For the sake of Arda. He had no choice. 'Legolas,' Aragorn smiled against Legolas' neck, 'Aragorn,' said Legolas, sliding the blade from his sleeve to his palm, 'I am sorry.' The blade slid between Aragorn's ribs easily. Like a hot knife sliding through butter. Legolas stepped away slightly, though he retained his hold on the knife between his closest friend's ribs. Aragorn's gripped hard at his arms. 'Legolas,' Famous last words, 'I… love… you…' Legolas pulled the blade out of his friend and wrenched his arms away, turning from him. In disgust or despair, even Legolas did not know. (1)- I've always imagined Legolas as albino. That's my personal headcanon, so he's all white with red eyes. You don't have to subscribe to the same headcanon, but that's how he looks for me. You can replace the eye colour with any colour you so desire. (2)- Elves speak in riddles because they don't actually have the answer. (3)- Another personal headcanon of mine. Celeborn and Thranduil are brothers. As before, you don't have to like it. Ignore it if you wish. Whatever. (4)- My own personal joke. It's a throwback to the episode The Return of The Archons in the original Star Trek series. McCoy says something along those lines, and I just couldn't resist doing it. (5)- This is all bullshit. I have no idea the actual reason. Something about sentence structure blah blah blah blah blah boring stuff. (6)- At least I'm assuming that's what "first person singular possessive" means. You can regard it as bullshit or have me fix it if you like. Anyway. Yeah. Not exactly amazing, but I didn't think it was too terrible. Never trust me with deadlines, by the way. I'll always mess them up. Sorry, babes. Other stories will eventually be updated. This is Italy's Driving saying; That's All Folks!