gown, a beautiful crimson compliment to her fair skin and dark hair, rippled with her movements, and Nieriel watched as Arwen came to her feet and then glided to the nearest balustrade. The gazebo overlooked the city nestled in the valley, where homes, decorated walkways, and gardens lay. Waterfalls were abundant, carving their paths down the Misty Mountains and into the glade to empty into the mighty Bruinen, the river which Rivendell bordered. River Hall rested behind them, but Arwen's eyes lay on her home city and the splendor it exuded. Nieriel laid aside her book, her brow furrowing ever so slightly. "What is the matter, Arwen? You seem troubled." She could see it in her lady's stance, in the way her moon-silver eyes darkened, and her face suddenly shadowed in turmoil. "I sense a danger in the air." Arwen said softly, her voice, usually melodious, wavering with trepidation. "An ancient danger; one that is dark and utterly evil." Nieriel rose from her stone seat, the green gown of her plain maiden's garb billowing around her legs as she crossed the distance to stand nearest Arwen. The Elven noble was her most beloved friend, her most trusted confidant, and she worried for her in this moment; she did not like this troubling façade of her lady. They had grown up together; Arwen as Lady of Rivendell after her mother, the fair and gracious Celebrían, and her, Nieriel, as her handmaiden, and so Nieriel knew her well. And this trepidation was not like Arwen. "What is this you speak?" Nieriel asked, not knowing if she wanted the answer. For some time now, the shadow in the east had been growing; even here in Rivendell they felt the effects of such. Orc raids had increased in number and intensity and uruk-hai dared to cross their lands. On many a scouting mission she and Arwen had ran into packs of wargs, sometimes a troll or two. More than once they had came across scorched earth and abandoned villages while out riding. "I do not know," Arwen replied, turning her grey eyes to meet Nieriel's green ones. "But there has been much talk of the Ring." Nieriel's mouth hardened and her eyes narrowed as a bolt fear lanced her heart, before she quickly dismissed it. "The One Ring of Power?" "Yes." Arwen whispered, her eyes trailing from Nieriel to overlook her beloved city of Rivendell. Nieriel knew the power the trinket held, what could happen if it fell into the wrong hands. The Ruling Ring had the authority to control the other rings, and in turn, their ring-bearers. All would be slave to whoever held it, and in turn, a slave to evil. Thankfully, it had been in the keeping of the hobbit Bilbo Baggins, and Gollum before him, for the longest time, safe and sound and silent, but what of it now? "What do you know, Arwen?" "Evil is rising." Arwen replied, her eyes glimmering, her voice suddenly hollow. "From the Necromancer he has risen, unchecked and unhindered, morphing into The Lidless Eye to keep watch over Middle Earth from Barad-dûr, biding his time until he can take a more substantial form. His minions do his bidding, breeding filth from the bowels of Mordor to create armies unlike the earth has ever seen. Why do you think we have seen an increase in the number of orcs and uruk-hai in our lands? Why wargs run rampant and destroy homes and towns? Sauron knows the Ring is in the keeping of Bilbo and will stop at nothing to obtain it…and now has the means to do so." Nieriel's eyes widened; these new changes chilled her, enraged her. "Why have we not stopped him? I do not understand how such a great enemy goes overlooked." "Saurman has forbid it. To speak against him would invite death." "Saruman is a fool," Nieriel snarled vehemently. She usually was not prey to such shows of emotion, but she realized the depth of this situation even if others refused not to. "And we are fools if we think not to quell this insurgence." "It is not that simple, Nee." Arwen said softly, her voice regaining its inflection. "This has grown beyond our measure. We need to formulate a plan, proceed with every caution." "So let us bring Bilbo here, protect the Ring from those who would see it to Sauron, until we can devise a plan to destroy it." She dared not voice the other option. To take the Ring from Bilbo would invite great greed and evil into the tranquil halls of their home, and the effects, not only to Rivendell but also to Middle Earth, could be devastating. Because those wanting to do good with the power of the Ring would find themselves corrupt beyond all means, and nothing but strife and turmoil would abound. "And bring the wrath of Sauron down upon our home?" Nieriel frowned; she had not thought of that. "At least we are strong enough to combat his forces." "Our kin sails for the Undying Lands; the time of the Elves is over. There are not enough of us to stand and fight." "So why do we not go and destroy Sauron, once and for all? We know he lurks in Mordor; we still have a chance to see him obliterated." "He has grown too great, accrued too many to his aide." Arwen looked at Nieriel then, her eyes suddenly full of fear. "War is coming." AN: So there it is! The first chapter! I know, I know, I took an extended hiatus, but it's here and I hope it was worth the wait! As always, I welcome any well-meaning, well-versed, constructive comments, questions, or concerns, so that being said hopefully I will hear from all of you bright-eyed, bushy-tailed creatures on what you think so far! It's going to be a doozy- I promise you that! And for future reference, Nieriel is pronounced: Nee-air-ee-el. Until next time, my lovelies! xox - ithilbereth