like a doe about to be shot. He shrank back a bit in his seat, the color rising in his cheeks. He bowed his head low before the Elf. "My apologies, Your Highness. I did not know your identity," Faramir muttered somberly. Now 'twas Legolas who blushed. "If you did not know, you have no need to apologize. It's all right. I don't even know why I mentioned it; I don't like to acknowledge my rank." Faramir straightened once more, yet now regarding Legolas with stiff respect. They paused for a moment, as servants approached from behind with jugs of wine and filled all of the goblets. The minute they had fallen back, Legolas brought the jewel encrusted goblet to his lips and drank deeply. Faramir took a small sip before setting his back on the table. The Elf lowered his as well and dried the rim of wine above his lip with his napkin. "The king has excellent wine," Faramir remarked, trying to rekindle the conversation. "Tis from my father's store," Legolas said. "I have missed it greatly this past year." Faramir again had that expression upon his face as if he wanted to crawl beneath a rock and die. He was mentally kicking himself. "My compliments," he mumbled to the prince, trying to be as polite as humanly possibly. He quickly took another drink. Legolas tried not to laugh. Yet another pause of silence between them ensued. "I - I hope you don't mind me saying this, "Faramir started, his voice almost shaking. "I don't intend any disrespect in the least. I really don't mean to be forward with you either." Legolas had hardly seen anyone more nervous. Faramir was //rambling.// He stopped for a moment. "You are very beautiful," Faramir murmured for only Legolas to hear. Again, the Elf blushed. "I have hardly seen any Elves before," Faramir admitted. "You and your kindred are astonishingly lovely. The Lady Arwen is more magnificent a lady than I have ever seen." "Thank you for your compliments," Legolas said sincerely. Faramir's flattering words were not misplaced. Legolas was indeed one of the most beautiful beings in all the world, especially on this day. Faramir nodded. The first course of the meal was brought out to them, and they both began to eat without conversation for a while. "How do you fare?" Legolas asked softly. Faramir glanced at him, sipped his wine, and looked back. "I am well," he reassured. "The king is a gifted healer." Legolas nodded but told him he was most welcome to call the king Aragorn, for the Elf knew his best friend considered the Steward a friend already. Faramir smiled and nodded at this. Of course, in public, formality had to be upheld. Yet at a gathering such as this, with only Elessar's family and friends, he could be Aragorn once again. The Elf proceeded to remark that he had expierienced first hand the healing powers of the king, more than once. Faramir had to stop himself from gawking longer than a moment. He could hardly imagine a creature as sacred as an Elf like Legolas ever coming to harm, although he well knew what skilled and involved warriors the Elves were. Once the two, shy beings opened up, they conversed for hours at the table, not unlike the rest they shared it with. Faramir would let himself laugh in a minor uproar at the Elf's wit, while Legolas would keep his laughter to quiet melodies. By the time dessert was presented, the prince had quite forgotten about feeling neglected. Faramir felt all the more wanted with this new friend, adding to his joy over finding Eowyn. And though Aragorn was occupied mostly by his queen, he would turn his attention to Legolas and Faramir at times. Faramir would return the king's smiles shyly, while Legolas would beam with mirth and wine. Aragorn had never known a more heavenly feeling then to have everything right with the world, his beloved Arwen by his side, and his friends surrounding him. "Legolas," he addressed his best friend, who turned from Faramir to look at him. The king had laid his hand upon the Elf's arm and was looking at him with glittering eyes. "Come." He rose from his seat, Arwen smiling knowingly as she followed him with her gaze, and led Legolas away from the noisy dinner table. Faramir sipped his wine again and nodded at the queen politely, inwardly nervous as hell. Aragorn took Legolas outside, into the fresh evening and onto the terrace. Once they both stood at the banister, the glass doors shut behind them, the king pulled the archer into an embrace. Legolas was taken by surprise, Aragorn's arms wrapped tightly around his lithe frame, yet he encircled the man in his own arms after a moment. "I have never known more happiness," the kind began. "And it would not be complete without you, gwadornin." Legolas closed his eyes and pressed Aragorn closer against him, gripping his shoulders. It seemed as if they remained this way for a lifetime, yet they did come apart. The archer told the king he was happy for him, and the king gave his thanks. Nothing was mentioned about the Elf's feelings at the coronation, or his fear of neglect. Legolas did not want to dampen his spirits. "Will you stay?" Aragorn questioned him, looking like an eager child. Legolas' heart softened, yet he answered that he would have to return home, like the rest of them, at least for a time. Aragorn understood, and Legolas promised to return as soon as possible. "You should spend time with Faramir," Legolas suggested. "He is a man of quality, and he is in need of new relationships." Aragorn nodded, somewhat heavily, for he knew of the Steward's dark past. He assured the prince he would seek Faramir out. The two of them stood in silence, leaning over with their elbows on the banister as they stared out at the star-strewn sky.