His beard was rough on her skin but she didn't mind its prickly, defining touch that was the gravity of their love. Arwen let the pads of her fingers caress his face, admiring the strong edge of his jaw, the softness of his lips. She arched her back, rising to meet him as the pleasure grew, moaning her willingness into the night. She touched the muscles of his back, relishing every silent ripple beneath his skin. Aragorn nipped and caressed her lips, stealing small samples of her breath. He moved faster, seeing the edge of Heaven in her eyes and desperately needing to feel it. She was close, so achingly close. He could sense it in the way she clung to him, trembling as if he was her life line. He whispered sweet words to her, loving syllables that caused tears to form in her eyes. He kissed them away with a smile that invaded her emotions, bringing completion. Pleasure exploded in her nerves, her back arched, perfectly molding their bodies as his name came from her lips. His breath hitched in his throat as the sensations reached their height, moaning her name into the skin of her neck. His arms trembled, weakened from the passion still coursing through his veins. Their breathing was heavy, intermixing within parted lips. Sweat covered them both, dripping from one to the other, slithering over rippling muscles to the soft curves of Arwen's skin. But they paid no mind to it as the night air was swiftly cooling them. They were silent, no words could express the sheer beauty of their union. Instead, they opted to simply bask in the glowing feeling encasing their bodies. Arwen rested her head on his abdomen, tickling the sensitive skin with the strands of her hair. She exhaled, softly missing the feeling of him, the only time that she felt that she truly meant something to someone. He was forever her silent assurance, as solid and real as the world could get. She rested her light fingers on the edges of his skin, her gentle confession of their love. He absentmindedly caressed her hair, marveling at the texture of each strand, randomly grown from one point or another but still seeming to have a purpose. A reason why it was where it was, just as he had the same need to belong. To feel as if he was alive for something that couldn't be described. He knew now that it was her, his fate was intertwined with hers and he accepted it with open arms and a free heart. He pulled her closer, fearing that at any moment she would slip from his loving hold and he would find that everything was simply an illusion. A dream of the forever that he wanted as her lover. Her eternal lover until the ends of their time. He traced the skin of her cheek, brushing the edges of the red of her lips. She pressed a lingering kiss on the pad of one fingertip, licking the shape of the other, carelessly teasing. He did not see it as a call for action because it wasn't, she was just touching him for the simple feeling. She did not demand anything from him, he was free to do as he wished. He admired her all the more for her trust in him even though they knew that they were both faithful to the other. Their relationship was built on strong foundations of trust that had not crumbled with the test of time's hardships. Aragorn broke the silence, "How does a man such as I have the right to be with the most beautiful of all the Elves?" His voice was soft as if he did not worry about her answer but to be truthful, he did worry what she would say. He wondered what beautiful velvet words would flow from the Heaven of her lips, if any at all. She was in thought, her mind carefully considering the approach with which she would speak to him. "My Estel," she curled further into his body, gazing into the steel blue of his eyes. She gently touched the side of his face, her palm cupping the roughness of his beard, accentuating the sweetness of her words. "You were made for me as I was for you. We are bound by matrimony as well as love. Nothing could bear to take you from my side. You are the light in my eyes, the breath in my breast. You are my everything and without you I would feel as if I were nothing. I would cease to be without you. You will always be mine, my love. Always." Aragorn softly traced the delicate skin of her eyelids, admiring the beauty of her eyes as his way of giving thanks. She smiled at him sweetly, her face slightly flushed. It was because of what she was about to ask. "What is your fantasy, what you wish for?," she did not realize she was holding her breath in anticipation of his reply until she exhaled as his lips began to move. "My fantasy is to be with you, forever. That I have," he pondered his next words as Arwen's eyes reflected the love within his voice. "I wish for a child." He caressed the softness of the skin of her belly, praying for her to be with child. She warmed under his soft touch, sighing at how his fingers lingered at the curve of her belly button. "I have dreamed of being the mother of your children but it is not time, not yet." As the sun filtered through Middle Earth, they stayed in a frozen, solitary moment where the past was all that they concealed in their cupped hands and they left their future to hide the sign of new life growing within her. Their child would be born of their love as they were also born for that single purpose: to love and to be loved.