burst into his closet as he was dressing and reaching for the burgundy coat, and very loudly voiced his wish for his Ada to wear silver. There should not be crimson. "Eirien." But that was all he managed to get out before he felt her falling away from him. Thranduil's hands – one which had been on the back of her neck, and the other on her cheek – immediately went to her back, catching her just in time to break her fall. "Eirien." Her skin had turned deathly pale and though the winter air was still biting, the colour had drained from her cheeks. Somewhere behind him, he could hear the hurried footfalls of the maids as they ran off, having practically shouted something about fetching the healers – all the healers. There was something gravely wrong with their queen. However, Thranduil had been around enough dying men to know what was happening, and even if he hadn't, he was incredibly intelligent and did not need a healer to tell him what he already knew. Her chest barely rose and fell with her breathing. He knew what was happening. The crimson on his pants told him about it, even when he hadn't yet realized it. "Eirien." He lowered her gently to the ground, holding her close to him. "Eirien." He was crouching now. He was frantically shaking her. "Eirien." He refused to believe that this was happening, that there was nothing he could do. "Eirien." He looked down at her legs and saw crimson upon the blue of the sky. It was all he could do not to scream. "Father?" Was that the first or the tenth time that Legolas had called for him? The king began to notice the light emanating from three different torches. There were guards. Legolas must've summoned them upon realising that Thranduil was nowhere to be found. Then there was a hand on his shoulder, heavy and firm, and for quite the first time, Thranduil realized that he was seated upon the ground, his arms before him as if holding something precious. "Father, what are you doing out here? It's freezing." What a sight he must present, Thranduil thought. The great king of Mirkwood, sitting out in the cold in a garden that was unfit to be even called that, having suffered some form of hallucination or emotional breakdown. He let out a shaky breath, bringing his hands up to his face and pressing the heel of them to his eyes. Not now. There could be no tears. Not in front of them. Vaguely, he heard himself issue an order for everyone to leave, but his voice sounded detached from him. And then there were footsteps, light ones that sounded nothing like the rushing away of guards. They were taking extra care not to further aggravate the king because, of course, there would be hell to pay when morning came. The only one that hadn't left was Legolas and he knew this because the hand that was upon his shoulder was still there, and he could feel the leather of his son's boot brushing against his bare foot. Any longer and he would not be able to keep the tears from falling. "Father…" And there it was. Everything inside Thranduil seemed to burst. His hands were torn away from his face, only to have his arms be able to wrap around himself – tightly . He was openly weeping now, deep, grief-stricken sobs that wracked through his whole being. "I saw her die again, Dian Las ." Legolas pretended not to notice his father's use of a childhood nickname. "I could not save her. I have watched her die so many times, but I have never been able to save her. I could not save her. I could not save her." His voice was hardly above a whisper as he enunciated the words. There were a great many things that Elvenkind – and Man, and even others that didn't fall into that category – know of the king. They know that he would do everything within his power to stop anything from devastating his people, whether it was to wage wars or to back away from them. They know that he was a fierce fighter who carried not one, not two, but three blades into battle and always had his bow and arrows. They know that he was second only to his son in this matter, and even then, it was Thranduil who had trained him. They know that he had particularly excellent taste in wine and that he hosted the best parties. They know that he loved precious jewels and gems, but they also know that he treasured his son far more than any earthly treasures. For the ones that knew, he was either a great leader, beloved and reveled, or a coward, hiding within the great fortress that was once Greenwood. But for all their knowing, they could not know that nearly every night, he awoke with a start. They could not know that his dreams were haunted by fire and screams and destruction. They could not know that once every fortnight, he spent the better part of his night watching his wife die and trying in vain to save her. They could not know that the great king they saw by day, the great king that they sought for aid, was replaced by a crippled man in the night, one who lay crumpled upon the grounds of an abandoned garden, sad and pathetic. They could not know. They would not even think it fathomable. So, this was the first thing that I had written in a very long time. Three years to be exact. My skills are a bit rusty, I know, but I wanted to at least try to get back into the swing of things. Let's just agree to call me a newbie writer, then? And you would be kind to newbies, wouldn't you? So how's about a review?