big hall. He hated that he sounded like a child. "Is that why the magician is with you?" Thranduil asked, still smiling. "I was hoping to speak with you about becoming Prince Legolas's new keeper," Sard said. Blaon snorted and drew a glare from the king. Thranduil sneered at Blaon for a moment before beckoning both Legolas and Kasslad to him. Kasslad swiftly picked his little brother up and Legolas was glad. He didn't want to navigate the long way to his father's throne with bare feet. Even as Kasslad walked, Legolas heard the snapping and crunching of glass beneath his boots and hoped none of the shards cut through his soles. Legolas peered into Kasslad's stoic face, studying his perfect cheekbones and the deep grooves beneath them. He was beautiful, his white eyelashes and brows enhancing the gold in his eyes. He used to be fun, while Oroduil was difficult to laugh around because he followed the rules too closely. But Kasslad hadn't laughed since Kagnirrok came. It was just another thing the dragon stole. Thranduil's smile widened when they reached him, and he eagerly took Legolas from Kasslad. The king sat his youngest son in his lap to face him and gently brushed Legolas's loose hair behind his ears. "Still having trouble braiding your hair?" Thranduil asked and laughed before Legolas could answer yes. His blush must have been enough for his father. "Then I will braid your hair for you. Do not be embarrassed. Come to me in the morning before you race out to your adventures and I will gladly do it." Thranduil's slender hands began separating strands of golden hair and Legolas slowly began to relax. As if sensing this, Thranduil's icy blue eyes softened and the lines around them faded. "So you wish to give up your high rank in my military, give up your command of the other magicians and abandon your apprentices in order to look after and tutor my son," Thranduil asked, but didn't look up from his task, as if braiding Legolas's hair was the most important part of his day. Sard and Blaon had slowly approached the throne and now knelt before him on one knee. Blaon fussed with making sure there was no glass before he did, though Sard didn't seem to care. "Yes, Sire," Sard said. "Why?" Legolas turned again to look at his friend, meeting his dark eyes with a smile. He would love to have Sard around all the time. Sard would be able to teach him how to fight when no one was looking, too. Plus . . . he would feel safe. Thranduil took Legolas's chin in hand and turned him around again to keep braiding his hair. Legolas sat as still as he could. "Blaon is incompetent." Sard's voice was dry and blunt. "He is impatient with Prince Legolas and fails to keep track of him. I have always loved and been loyal to your family, King Thranduil. Prince Legolas has been set apart from you and the rest, and with a desire to keep him secure I would willingly give up everything to be his keeper." Thranduil's hands froze and Legolas saw his temper flare in his eyes again, going from calm water to an icy sea. "What sets Legolas apart?" he asked. Legolas heard Sard's confusion through his silence. "Kagnirrok set him apart the moment he came here to view the prince for himself, based on the rumors those filthy humans spread when this kingdom did trade with those in Dale." Sard's anger was bit back with gritted teeth. Legolas put his hands on his father's cheeks and looked into his eyes, panic building in his chest, his heart racing. He felt the heat from the beast's flames, his nana screaming, Oroduil's face as he told him to hide. "Kagnirrok came for me?" Legolas whispered. "You said he came for the diamonds." "You haven't told him?" Sard gasped. "Ion nin," Thranduil only had eyes for Legolas, "he did come for the diamonds. He only wished to see you, but then he left and hasn't returned. He knows that I would never let him take you from me." Legolas felt the panic build until he couldn't hold back his tremors. Thranduil squeezed him close, cradled him against his strong chest and then turned venomous eyes on Sard. "Return to your shadow elves, warlock," Thranduil commanded. "You will never be Legolas's keeper. Look what you've done to him." "You should have been honest with him," Sard shouted. Thranduil stood, Legolas still in his arms, and snarled at the magician. "Return to your killers, trickster," Thranduil shouted. "Do your job and slaughter the scum that tries to crawl into this kingdom. If you truly love this family and my son as you say, then do us all a favor and keep an eye on the merchants returning from Dale. They will be here on the morrow." Sard stood with a flourish and glared at his king. Legolas tried to catch his eye and shake his head, anything to calm him down, but Sard was too angry. "You're opening the kingdom back up to them?" Sard shouted. "They are the ones who spread the rumor of Legolas, and of your treasury, which brought the beast down on our heads. Rumors will start again once they see that your son has grown, and he has become even more striking. Do you dare draw that beast back here? Is trade and money worth more to you than what even a dragon holds dear?" "You are out of line!" Thranduil bellowed for the guards, though where they came from Legolas didn't know. He struggled to get out of his father's arms, but Ada held him tighter to the point of pain. He winced and gasped for air. "We are also opening our doors to Rivendell and the Golden Wood again," Thranduil said as a dozen guards poured into the ruined throne room. "My son will be safe."