due to the absence of his voice. He now made an effort to shield himself underneath the table. Maybe the lower vantage point would benefit him from the stranger being able to reach him. "HELP !!!!!!!" Frodo said again, a little louder this time as he got down on his hand and knees and scurried across the broken cup and saucer to the safety he sought under the table. He was only briefly aware of a stinging sensation to a few places on his knees. His scalded hand was protectively tucked against his chest, the burn already making the young hobbit hold back tears of pain. Strider was now trying to bend over and talk soothingly to the young hobbit that seemed hurt and very afraid of him. Somehow things had not gone as he had planned and he blamed himself for the young one's pain and fright. He had to make amends quickly. Bilbo had yet to hear his nephew's cries for help, only stirring slightly at the shout that Frodo uttered. The old hobbit's sleep had not been quite disturbed yet. Samwise had heard his master's plea for help and gave no hesitation in trying to scramble through the slightly open window to come to Frodo's aid. "Stay back, stay back," Frodo said in alarm as he tried to curl in on himself as the outstretched hand of the stranger came closer and closer to him. "I am not here to hurt you little one," Strider said in a soft voice, seeing the lad obvious distress. He finally managed to grasp a hold on the young hobbit's shirt sleeve and tried in vain to pull him out from underneath the table so he could see how badly hurt he was. "NO, LET ME GO" Frodo cried as he reached up with his hands and tried to pry loose the grip on his clothes. By now Sam was fully in the room and ready to help his master from the assailant. The sandy-haired hobbit swallowed slightly as he looked at Frodo's attacker and noted that he was a big person. The man was very tall. Much taller than anybody Sam had ever encountered. But Sam soon swallowed his fear as he heard his master's cry to leave him alone. Big person or not, this man was not going to hurt Frodo. Strider was still slightly bend over as he held the frightened and trembling Frodo out in front of him, still trying to assess his injuries. He was not prepared for the sharp sting of pain that resulted as Sam's trusty forked trowel was now dug into his backside. "OW," Strider said as he whirled around to see what had struck him. When he looked behind, he was not able to immediately see the reason for his pain. Sam's small, stocky body was shadowed by his own large frame. The sting had made him loosen his grip on Frodo's shirt, but as he turned back to look at the young hobbit, he noted the paleness of the little one's face. He could see the boy was swaying slightly on his feet and didn't look too well at all. Strider now went to readjust the hold he had on the young hobbit to prevent him falling to the floor, but his actions only seemed to make things worse. His hands had made a more of a pushing motion towards Frodo rather than preventing him from fainting. Frodo felt the slight push, but with his unsteady stance, was more than he could handle and he now fell back towards the floor with a audible groan. The groan was quickly replaced by a yelp of pain as he had tried to stop the fall and used his injured hand to support his weight. The hand was now throbbing from the effort and fresh tears of pain welled up in Frodo's eyes. Sam's anger had grown as he watched the stranger push his master over onto the floor. The man had already scared the young hobbit and had tried to bring harm on him. Sam was not about to let the man's actions go unanswered. Once again he thrust his garden trowel towards Strider's backside, this time with a little more strength behind it. "OW", Strider repeated, a hand quickly rubbing slightly at the pained area as he felt another assault on his body. This time his hand snaked up and caught a hold of the collar of the responsible party. By now Bilbo had heard the various cries of pains and shouts coming from the kitchen. When he came running in he was greeted with an unbelievable scene before him. Frodo was still laying on his back on the floor, clasping his injured hand up and under his shirt, trying hard not to let his tears fall. Strider was standing in front of his nephew and struggling in the Ranger's grip, threatening trying to swipe at the man with his garden tool was Samwise Gamgee. The little hobbit's face was red from anger as he demanded that the big person let him go. Strider was careful enough to hold Sam just out far enough to prevent anything else happening. "Good morning Strider," Bilbo said in an amused tone of voice. "I see you already have everything under control," he added, much to the displeasure of the Ranger. Bilbo now bend down to Frodo and started talking soothingly to his nephew as he assessed the damage. TO BE CONTINUED…………….. This story might take a few different courses – hopefully a lot people will be able to follow easily enough. The plot might be come a little more complicated once it gets going. Going to crawl back to one of my more familiar fandoms for a little while before updating this one to see how people like it. Enjoy and please let me know what you think. Any suggestions are welcome and I will try and include where I can but cannot promise. JULES