hard time convincing someone he did not know of his identity. The riders drew closer, and he could soon make out his brothers riding toward him. Relief flooded him – he was never so glad to see them! "Who goes there?" "Oh El, who goes there? You couldn't think of anything better to say than who goes there?" "It's direct and to the point, what is wrong with that?" "It is also boring and unimaginative. If this mud covered creature is a foe, than you have just bored him to death." "If he was a foe, then does it matter how he dies? I mean is that not the point?" "Well, I must admit, you do have a point, though if this is not a foe, then what?" "Then we simply find out who it is, and to do that, we may have to dump them in the nearest brook." Throughout his brothers' conversation, Estel's head bobbed back and forth as he stood there on one leg, the other bent at the knee with his foot up off the ground. He was able to stay balanced with the walking stick, but he was growing impatient. "El, I think I know that mud-covered creature. Is that not our little brother?" "I believe you are correct, as usual, my brother." "Why does he only have one boot on?" "You will have to ask him, for I cannot begin to imagine." "My dear little brother, where is your other boot, and how did you come to be covered with so much mud? I would have thought even you could not get so dirty." This is what Estel had feared. Though his brothers were displaying a rather humorous case of indifference, he knew that in side, they were probably laughing themselves silly. Now, his foot was hurting him immensely and he felt extremely awkward simply standing there in the road. "Please, Elladan, I am really in no mood for this." "For what, dear brother?" "For this foolishness. I have traveled a long way as you see me, and I have injured my foot to the point where I cannot bear weight on it." "Injured? You should have said something, Estel. And here we thought you had discovered a new way of traveling in a stealth-like fashion." "You know, blending in with your surroundings. Like you were in a swamp." "Or a bog." "Or crawling through the muck in any of the hundred places I am sure you have been in since we last saw you." "We should bring him to father." "Father will not want him in the house in his condition." "We could stop at the stables, dunk him in the water trough." "Good suggestion, but then we would have to drain it, clean it, and refill it." "Quite right, well how about the river?" "Too dangerous, you know how high and swift it is this time of year, plus it has been raining quite a bit." "I suppose we shall have to smuggle him into the house." "I suppose, but hear me Estel, you must bath before you do anything. And we shall burn your clothing, I do not think it will come clean at this point." "Yes, yes, yes, whatever you say, just please let us get on with it." The two elves watched as their brother limped toward them the few steps it took for him to stand beside them. "Estel, is it really so bad? What have you done to yourself?" "It is a long story, brother, one which I will tell you, but later." "Agreed. We will help you and after you can regail us with your tale of mud." Though both brothers were concerned, they could not help but smile at the sight their brother made. Covered head to toe with mud, most of it dried to his skin and clothing. He had mud on his face, in his hair, between his fingers, under his fingernails, and they were sure they would find copious amounts inside places they could not see. Elladan dismounted and helped his younger brother mount his horse. The animal did not seem to mind having the dirty human on it's back. They rode the remainder of the way to the main house, where they went in through a back door that had a more direct route to the larger bathing chambers. Here they helped their brother undress as hot water filled a large tub. In the end, they were required to empty and refill the tub three times before Estel was clean. His foot had begun to bleed again, and Elrohir made quick work of stitching up the wound and bandaging the entire foot. A half hour later, and after an infection fighting tea, the young man was fast asleep. The twins left him to find their father, and to write a letter to the Mirkwood prince, telling both all about Estel's latest adventure. 6 months later... Sniffing the ground, the wolf pack moved quietly out of the cover of the trees to investigate an object that did not belong there that they had sensed on the ground in the middle of the path. The alpha male bravely stepped forward and nosed the object on the ground, then stepped back to wait to see if their was a response from the thing. When nothing happened, he again sniffed the object and pushed it with his nose. Seeing no response, another of the pack approached. It too sniffed the object, and in the innate way canines have of sensing fun and acting on it, this smaller wolf picked up the object with it's teeth and dropped it at the leaders feet. The leader picked up the object and shook his head, growling deep it his throat. The smaller wolf latched on as well, and a rambunctious game of tug of war ensued. Both creatures were watched by the rest of the pack as they proceeded to play with the item, a man's left boot.