speak candidly?" Elrond nodded. "For the past three years, I have been with my father's scouting patrols in the south of Mirkwood near the territory of the Necromancer. I have been within sight of Dol Guldur itself, though I went in stealth." Legolas paused and took a breath to steady himself. The memory of Dol Guldur still filled him with an inexplicable dread. "Master Elrond, the power of the Necromancer grows. The orcs are more numerous. The Old Forest road is no longer safe for travel. The orcs are taking captives. Most they kill, but others go into the dungeons of Dol Guldur. Of those, a scant few come out again, changed, becoming spies for the Necromancer. They cannot be trusted, for by whatever art, they serve a new master." "You have seen this?" asked Elrond, knitting his brows. "To my sorrow, I have," Legolas answered. "Last year, one of our company was taken by the orcs. After some weeks he returned telling us he had escaped, and we welcomed him back. Not long after, I awoke to find his dagger at my throat. He forced me nearly to kill him before I could subdue him. We kept him close for a time. We tried to heal him, and we questioned him to find out what had turned him thus. Our kindness was to no avail. He willed himself to die." Legolas shook his head to rid it of the painful memory. " The elf was a seasoned warrior of several thousand springs. If this could be done to him, what of others? I see others going out into the world of men. Who knows what mischief they could wreak? "Some months past, we noticed that the orcs began to search along the Anduin, near the fields of the Gladden. We could not tell what they were looking for, but their very numbers have made the river impassable, and that route to Lothlorien and further south is now cut off. Master Elrond, it grows grim. The White Council must be informed." Legolas paused to rein his emotions in. If anyone understood the dangers of orcs, it would be Elrond. If the older man had taken any offense to Legolas's tone, he gave no sign of it. "What does your father say, Legolas?" "My father says that Mirkwood has not the strength to drive the Necromancer out on our own, and indeed, we have not. He suggested I bring the information to you, Master Elrond, and so I have done." It was Elrond's turn to stand. He turned to run his fingers along the fine carvings of his shelves and along the spines of the books they held. "Mithrandir paid a visit to the dungeons of Dol Guldur some years ago, although he did not care to share the details of that visit with me. The White Council already knows of the tidings of the Necromancer. At the moment, they are strangely reluctant to take any action." "With all due respect, my lord, they must be strongly advised to reconsider. I have a great fear that this Necromancer is far more than an upstart mage with a large army of orc lackeys at his bidding. Surely Mithrandir sees this." "I think Mithrandir sees it. It is Curunir who is reluctant," Elrond replied, his face and tone carefully neutral. "Who can understand the reasoning of the Istari? They will do what they will do. And when they do it, we may yet find ourselves the pawns in their great battles. Thank you, Legolas. I will convey your message." At that, the interview was over. Outside Elrond's door, Estel waited. "Did Elrond listen to you? He never listens to me. I think this is because I am young and have no beard. You have no beard and he doesn't listen to you either." "No beard. I think you may be closer to the mark than you realize," Legolas muttered as he headed down a hall and out a door, the boy trailing after him. "I think you should have worn your crown. Perhaps Master Elrond would have listened to you if you had." "My father says a crown impresses others just once, and then you are on your own. I'm still saving it up," Legolas replied, almost forgetting he was talking to a child. Although, he thought, if this were not the occasion for being taken seriously, he did not know what that occasion might be. "Well, I should have worn a crown if I had one," Estel piped up. "And if I had one, it would be a big heavy one with jewels." "How nice. That sounds quite tasteful." "Does your crown have jewels, Legolas?" "Of course not. Mine is just a mithril band, like the one you see on Master Elrond, only plainer. I don't even like wearing it, really, it makes me look like a girl. Look, are we going to start this game of twenty riddles all over again? I have not the heart for it right now. In fact, I have had about all of this day I can take." "That's too bad," said Estel with an air of innocent disappointment, "because my mother would like a word with you. She wants to thank you, I think." The elf's eyes narrowed. "And you waited until now to tell me this?" If he was not mistaken, there had been a sly glint in the boy's eyes. "Never mind, this is something I have the heart for. Show me the way." To be continued . . . o o o o o o o Author's Note: This story was my first written. It is Movieverse, but for a reason. Ultimately, Legolas, in this story arc, will volunteer for the Ring Quest rather than being appointed by Elrond. I found this deviation from the book to be psychologically interesting, and I wished to explore it. In all other cases, I try to stick as close to Book canon as I can.