what do we owe your visit?" Inside the talan stood an elf-woman, similarly dark-haired to the man. Muiniel had the look of both her parents. Legolas bowed gravely to both. "I found your daughter upon the Elf Path while out hunting this afternoon, and I have escorted her home. She awaits below." "Our daughter . . .?" Legolas watched as the looks of polite deference on the countenances of the man and woman turned to stark horror. The woman's face crumpled then, and she turned her back on him, stumbling off behind a leather curtain into the next room. The man whirled on him with an expression of tightly controlled fury. "Truly, Prince Legolas, word in this realm is that your are a gentle and well governed youth. I would have expected much better from you than this, this . . . cruel jest, Days of the Dead or no! You are old enough to be well past your pranks." "What? What have I said?" Legolas stammered, taken aback at the heat in the man's voice. "You mean to say you did not know?" "No, truly, Master Elf, in what manner have I offended you?" The man sighed and shut his eyes in pain. "I suppose you could not have known. It all happened long before you were born." "What could I not have known?" Legolas asked, aghast. What distress had he caused here, unwitting? "Our daughter . . . liked to wander in the forest, to dance alone under the trees. She was a sweet lass who fancied herself like Lúthien in the old songs. Alas, it was no mortal Beren who found her, although the end was the same. She is lost to us." Legolas stared, horror-struck, and the father nodded. "Orcs. They did not deal kindly with her. Eight hundred and forty-three years ago this past midsummer, and no matter how many years pass, I've not lost the count. We found her, and we buried what they had left of her here near the settlement. Her cairn is beside the path, right before the ravine that leads down to the river." Legolas knew the spot well. He had often wondered who lay beneath that pile of stones as he passed by. "What is your name, please?" he asked quietly. "Neranu," the man replied gravely. "Master Neranu, I do not understand this. I met a girl upon the path. She told me her name was Muiniel. She awaits at the foot of this tree." " Nae ! That indeed was my daughter's name. Muiniel." "Please believe me," Legolas insisted. "I would never cause you and your lady pain by playing such a cruel jest." Neranu looked him deep in the eye. "No, son, I agree that you would not. But perhaps we both have been the victims of an ill-conceived prank. This girl is waiting below, you say?" Legolas nodded. "Then let us descend and get to the bottom of this." Legolas was the first to reach the ground. He looked about. Sulrion stood alone, holding his place according to the will of his master, but he trembled slightly, and Legolas could still see the sweat of fear drying on his coat. Muiniel was nowhere to be seen. "There is no girl here," Neranu said, touching down behind him. Legolas shook his head. "She is gone." Had one of his father's elves truly been so cruel as to play this trick on him? "Whoever she was, she has wandered off. Perhaps she needs our help." He heard Neranu sigh. "Look at the grass, Prince." In the silvery dew of the evening, the incoming tracks of the horse showed plainly. There were no others. "I don't understand this. She was so very real . . ." In memory, Legolas still felt the sensation of her lips against his, the sweet press of her body. He turned to see Neranu staring at him keenly. "Have you perhaps, Prince, hit your head?" Yes, thought Legolas. How tempting to pass it off as a figment of the imagination, or as someone's twisted idea of humor. And yet, as he recalled the look on Muiniel's face as she sent him on ahead, a face whose profile matched that of the man who stood before him, Legolas knew he could not dismiss his charge so easily. Legolas bowed deeply. "Master Neranu, I crave your pardon for any pain I have caused you and your good lady tonight, but . . . ," he paused for breath, "the one who called herself your daughter told me to tell you that she had come home . . . and that she loves you both very much." With that, he swung up onto his horse and rode off. It was full dark now, and Legolas went slowly out of concern for his horse putting a foot awry on the uneven trail. Had he truly imagined the whole thing? No longer did he wish for the merriment of a cup of wine by a bonfire; he merely longed for the comfort of his own bed and an end to the chill of night that seeped into him. The chill . . . At the top of the ravine that led down to the river, Legolas saw a flash of white in the trees off at the side of the trail: a cairn of stones whose occupant was no longer a mystery to him. He dismounted and slowly approached to kneel beside the pile of rocks. His cloak lay there upon the grave, folded neatly into thirds. And though the night was breathless, Legolas felt a passing draft of air upon his cheek, as soft as a ghostly kiss. oooOooo This story, a Middle-earth retelling of a classic ghost tale, was written for the birthday of my faithful beta reader, Ignoble Bard. Happy Halloween, Bard, and happy birthday! Translations: Iavas : Autumn Narbeleth : Sindarin for the month of November Laegren : Green-elven/Nandorin faer : spirits Nae : Alas!