mark. Three orc officers immediately fell dead, followed swiftly by several more as Magorion's men began firing from the other side of the canyon. Orcs, who had thought themselves yet safe behind the gates, began to whirl and look about in confusion, seeking the source of the deadly volley. "Steady. Aim carefully. Make your shots count." Thranduil's voice was calm as he continued to pull and fire. Dimly, Galion noted that outside the gates, Gil-galad had sounded the charge and the melee had begun. Bereft of the direction of their officers and startled by the inexplicable rain of death from above, the orcish foot troops within the gate began to falter. Some broke ranks and sought cover, or fled off to the safety of the south. Out on the plain another horn blew, and the main mass of the Alliance army parted, as a group of warriors charged forward. Dwarves, Galion thought, as he sighted carefully and took down another orc: Durin's Folk from Moria. Galion had snorted and shaken his head when first the Naugrim had marched in on the tail of Ereinion's army, thinking people of that size would be little use in a battle. Thranduil had chided him, though, telling him not to underestimate the stunted ones. "They are doughty warriors," he had said with an odd look in his eye, "and vicious fighters when put to it." Galion supposed Thranduil knew what he was talking about, having recently returned from Moria with a bitterly won victory and a remade necklace, although he said little of what he had done to accomplish this and shrugged off all questions. The Dwarves pressed forward, bright axes swinging, parting the orc troops like a battering ram of living flesh. In their wake, Galion could make out the blue and grey plumed helm of Elrond Peredhel, leading a group of Golodhren warriors from Imladris. He smiled grimly, feeling much reassured. There was no chance now of Ereinion retreating and leaving them all high and dry, not with his herald and protégé in jeopardy. The phalanx of Dwarves had almost gained the gates. Seeing their inexorable progress, the orc captain commanding the windlass gestured and shouted an order. The orc slaveys reversed direction, and the gates began to grind slowly shut, shutting off retreat to their own troops but preventing entrance by the Alliance forces. "Aim for the orcs turning the windlass!" Thranduil cried. "Keep those gates open!" Galion and the other Wood-elves now directed their fire toward the top of the wall. Here and there the orcs began to fall dead over the arms of the windlass. Others made as if to flee but were held to their task by the whip of their captain. Out of the corner of his eye, Galion saw Thranduil draw his bow, so tightly that the cords of his neck stood out, sighting grimly. The bow sang, the arrow flew, and suddenly the orc captain clutched his hands to his throat. He staggered a few paces, clawing helplessly at Thranduil's arrow protruding from his neck, and pitched forward into the mechanism. The continued momentum of the windlass dragged his body down into the gears, jamming them firmly and bringing the whole thing to a grinding halt. In the first few moments following the lucky shot, Galion watched a parade of emotions flit over his king's face, from a grimace of disgust, to surprise, to a grin of unabashed delight. Thranduil let out a war whoop and punched his right fist high into the air. "For Oropher!" The braver among the gate orcs attempted to tug at the mangled limbs of their captain, whose crushed body was now in several pieces, in a vain attempt to free the gears. But as more of them fell to the continued rain of arrows, they seemed to give it up as a lost cause. With no officer to stop them, they deserted their post and ran for cover, leaving the great gates ajar. However, more ominously, Galion saw the few remaining gate guards looking upward and pointing in their direction. "We haven't long now," Thranduil said. "Keep firing. Pick off as many as you can, while you can." Durin's Folk had now fought their way inside, with Elrond's warriors hard on their heels. Although many of the orcs had fled off south in the general confusion, other were still putting up a heavy resistance while more and more Men and Elves poured in through the open gates. Thranduil ripped off his orc helm and waved it high above his head, giving the signal for Magorion and his men to cease their fire. "Leave off," he shouted. "We dare not risk hitting our own." Uncovered, his bright gold hair blew out around him like a banner in the hot breeze off the plain of Udûn. "Better than any battle standard, eh, Galion?" he said with a wild grin. "Here I am. Here is Greenwood's king. Let them come!" He drew his sword and let out a high-pitched battle scream of defiance. 'He is beautiful, ' Galion told himself, even as his own throat echoed the cry. 'And he is twice as mad as his father ever was, when the spirit takes him. I would die for Thranduil.' As orcs came pouring out of the maggot holes and swarming up the rocks toward them, Galion realized he might soon have the opportunity to do that very thing. oooOooo To be continued . . . Author's Notes: The first song Thranduil quotes is from The Lay of Leithian . JRR Tolkien The second song is Thranduil's favorite, The Song of the Ent and the Entwife . JRR Tolkien, The Two Towers Translations: ennin: long-years, Sindarin equivalent of yéni gweth: manhood Nana: familiar for Mother -- Mama Adar: Father Laegrim: Green-elves, Nandor Belair: Sindarin for Valar Rodyn: Valar Golodh; Golodhrim; Golodhren: Noldo; Noldor; Noldorin nuath: shadows -- a curse Lachenn : Flame-eyed -- an insulting term for the Noldor Tawarwaith: Wood-elves Naugrim: Dwarves