symbols of the Solstice: the fire of hope, the cup of inspiration, the sword of truth. In grateful thanks for his freedom, and the sacrifices of many to bring it about, he solemnly kissed the tips of his fingers and touched them to the blade of the ancient weapon; his thoughts turned to the many who had died over the years in hope of freeing him, and of the many whose lives had been forever changed. He bowed his head, smiling faintly through his tears, and only jumped a little when Galadriel knelt beside him. "What are you thinking, little Prince?" she asked softly. Legolas gave her a deep look of piqued amusement. "I am not little." "No, indeed. Forgive me. But share your thoughts with me?" He sighed. "I wish… I wish I could say happy Solstice to my Ada," he whispered, shivering slightly. "I miss him." "What else would you tell him if you could?" she asked, and suddenly it seemed to him that she sounded as she had during the rite, her voice deeper, stronger somehow. He stared at her in some surprise. "I would tell him that I miss him—but I understand why I cannot yet come home," he said, taken aback to realize he suddenly did understand. "I would tell him that I have been too long gone to come home less than whole—and that I must find myself again the same way I got my freedom. With the help of others. It… is not only my victory." His brow furrowed a bit in confusion. "Does—that make sense?" he asked softly, unsure. Galadriel took his face in her long-fingered hands, and placed a gentle kiss on his forehead. "It makes perfect sense to me, hên lend ," she told him just as softly. "All will seem better come morning, and better still come Spring; you are a Prince of Winter, Thranduilion, and you will rise to go forth with the return of the green leaves for whom you were named. Your Ada will know your thoughts; send them to him, he will hear. All will be well." She rose then, effortlessly drawing him to his feet; Galadriel handed him off to the others for Solstice kisses, then gave her Lord a long, deep look full of promise and led him away to continue the festivities of the night. The others drifted away too, and the music returned, and the soft laughter under the winter trees; eventually maidens came to take the ritual items away. They bowed to Legolas and his Silvan elders as if they were still the elemental personalities they had become during the Rite, and disappeared silently into the deep of the forest. Legolas gave a pleasant shiver and tipped his head back to look at the huge, bright, full moon, his eyes half-lidded. "What do you see?" Tuilinal asked softly, her breath ghosting over his ear, making him shudder again. "The moon waxes then wanes and then gets full again," he whispered back, almost smiling at the gleaming orb riding the scudding clouds in the night. "Everything changes, but somehow the moon remains the same." Legolas lowered his head and glanced sidelong at her. "Is that what they call a mystery?" Tuilinal kissed him on the cheek and gave him a quick hug. "Indeed it is, child. Indeed it is." Together she and Saeros drew him back toward the dancing, and so the night flowed on in mystery and fulfillment. The End Author's Note: Elwean Ancestry 101: In this story, Amroth of Lothlórien is not the son of Amdír, but his foster-son; Amroth's parents are Celeborn and Galadriel. This is derived from Tolkien's notes in the Unfinished Tales , when he was trying to decide on an origin and family for Celeborn. Further, Celeborn is the son of Galadhon, son of Elmo, younger brother of Elu Thingol (Elwë) and Olwë. After looking at a LOT of Michael Martinez's essays and reading other folks' thoughts on the matter, Legolas's paternal grandsire Oropher is hereby postulated to be descended from a yet-younger brother of Elu, Olwë, and Elmo, whom I am naming Olossë, to keep to the family pattern: E-name, O-name, E-name, O-name. Oropher's wife, Thranduil's mother (and hence Legolas's grandmother) is postulated to be the Lady Aziel, daughter of Ingwion, son of Ingwë, High King of the Eldar in Valinor and Lord of the Vanyar—all with the permission of AC, author of the wonderful "Folly of Starlight" stories. Her discussion of Oropher's ancestry can be found on her website at ithilas (dot) com and in the story notes to her marvelous "We Are Finding Who We Are". In my universe, Legolas's mother Luthiél is the daughter of a Sindarin warrior noble, Farafael, and his lady Meluwen, who is in turn half-Telerin and half-Moriquendi (the so-called Silvan Elves). Luthiél grew up in Balar and Lothlórien, moving north with her parents when Farafael accompanied Oropher; she met Thranduil in Balar when they were both Elflings, Thranduil being a few years her elder. Therefore the "Dark Leaf" Legolas is Vanyar, Sindar, Telerin and part Moriquendi in ancestry. Confused yet? Just assume Celeborn and Oropher are second cousins—because they have a great-grandfather in common (the father of Elu, Olwë, Elmo, and Olossë). This means Legolas is a second cousin twice removed from Celeborn (since Legolas is the grandson of Celeborn's second cousin, y'see…) and for those keeping track, Legolas is thereby a third cousin of Celebrían (Celeborn's daughter) and a fourth cousin of Elrond. And you thought HUMAN ancestry was confusing! Many thanks to Ithilien for her stellar job as beta on this one—I am always made better by the labour of my betas! Translations: elleth: female Elf fëa: spirit, soul hênelleth-hû: literally, young female dog—Sindarin construct for 'little bitch' hên lend: sweet child hithlain: literally "mist-thread", the Elven rope made in Lothlórien hroä: the body; opposite of fëa nín: my pen-neth: young one telain: plural of talan, the platform homes in which the Galadhrim dwell. 29