looking around, he could see what a significant portion it had represented. "Oh, Father," he whispered. "That mithril shirt, just for me? And then you let it go?" "It served its purpose, Legolas," Thranduil said with a gentle smile. "For I still have you, have I not?" Legolas had nothing to say to this, for he was still feeling ashamed. He waved a hand around the vault. "How many know of this?" "Myself and my Chief Advisor, Séregon," Thranduil replied. "And now you. I had not wished to burden you with such worries, but tonight you leave your childhood, such as it was, behind. Now that you know the truth, I trust you to keep it a secret. And when the Naugrim, or the men of Laketown call me a miserly son of a dragon who likes to play with his piles of jewels, I expect you to smile and agree with them." Thranduil sighed and looked him in the eye. "My son, Mirkwood has only ever had but two treasures. One of them sleeps in the forests of the Emyn Duir. And the other, I send to Imladris tomorrow." Legolas reached out and laid his hand against Thranduil's chest. " Adar , Mirkwood's wealth is here. And its strength too." Beneath his palm, he could feel the slow measured cadence of his father's heartbeat, a comforting rhythm he remembered from childhood. How many times, he wondered, had it beaten, and how many more before the end? Elf hearts were made to beat forever, but in these fell times, it was far from a certainty. "I will give Elrond our bad news, and then I will hurry home again. From the tenor of your words, I sense I will be needed here." Thranduil shook his head sadly. "I made a promise long ago that your life would be your own, and I am now held to it. I raised you well, my son, and I strove to protect you. How I wanted you to have the peaceful life of a Healer or a Bard, but you had other ideas! This was one battle I was destined not to win. "You are the best warrior that Mirkwood ever produced, and you have a wisdom far beyond your years. It may come to pass that you feel you can best serve me and our people by taking a different path. If that is so, I trust you to make the right choice and I want you to do what must needs be done with an untroubled heart. I give you leave to protect us however you deem best." Legolas made a rueful face. For all his talk of candor, his father was still speaking in riddles. "Father, you mentioned troubled dreams. Tell me, please, what is it that you see?" Thranduil dropped his gaze and cleared his throat. "I see a wheel of fire. Blood, death, war -- these woods aflame. And I see you, on a barren plain with ash for earth and a sky like lead. It is a place I know all too well. And then your face turns into that of Oropher, standing on that same plain. You are so very like him, you know. So much so that it has always frightened me." "Do you see anything more?" Thranduil shook his head wordlessly. "No, that is where my foresight fails me." He laid his hand upon his son's shoulder and offered up a shaky smile. "He was laughing, you know." Legolas shook his head, puzzled. "Oropher," Thranduil said. "All Thangorodrim was breaking out around us; men dying, screaming, death coming at us from all sides, and my adar was laughing like a madman. At the time, I thought the battle-fear had unhinged him, but after all these years I have come to see it differently." He shook his head. "One could have a worse end, you know. Better to die on your feet like a man than weeping on your knees as a slave to The Enemy." Thranduil stood tall in the dim light of the vault, and the flame of the torches seemed to burn in his eyes. "Legolas, if Námo should come for you, I would have you look him in the face and greet him with a laugh. Show him how the House of Oropher meets death. I know that is what I will do when he comes for me." It was a glorious day the next morning, one of the first crisp ones of the autumn. The hooves of Legolas's grey brushed through deep drifts of fallen leaves as the group rode out. This time, Legolas had a retinue, as befitted a prince of his people and Thranduil's official representative. As the mounted train made its way along the Elf Path, past the orderly rows of beeches and into the forest, Legolas spared a look back over his shoulder. Thranduil stood in the grassy terrace at the top of the steps on the far end of the stone bridge. One hand was laid on his heart and the other was held up in a gesture of blessing and farewell. Legolas nodded his head imperceptibly and saw the ghost of a smile appear on his father's lips. Legolas could feel his father's eyes on him, long after he had turned his face toward the trail ahead, as the leaves fell around him, red and gold. o o o o o o o Author's Note: "Over five hundred times have the leaves fallen in these woods since the Enemy returned to the Dark Tower . . ." In this line, Thranduil is referring not to the first coming of Sauron to the Greenwood, but rather to the end of what is known as The Watchful Peace. From Appendix B, ROTK: '2063 T.A. Gandalf goes to Dol Guldur. Sauron retreats and hides in the East. The Watchful Peace begins (. . .) 2460 T.A. The Watchful Peace ends. Sauron returns with increased strength to Dol Guldur.'