and fear of permanent loss, gathered in a tight, delicious coil in his groin—and then burst forth in desperate spurts, accompanied by mingled cries of pain and delight, so close are those two sensations on the sword's edge of loving. Of course it was to keep the bed sheets clean and not make an evening's fuss that Elrond assiduously drank down every drop of the salt-sweet essence, then licked the intermittently-bruised flesh of his beloved just to make sure he missed nothing. "Won't even need a bed-bath," Legolas whispered, barely audible as he subsided in happy repletion within Elrond's arms, once the healer-lord was finished with his clean-up and had snuggled down under the covers with him. Elrond laughed joyously and bit down only a little hard upon the tempting earlobe near his mouth. "It gladdens my heart to see that your pains have not taken away your tendency to drollness, my beautiful brat," he murmured, reaching over to the bedside table to pick up a cup of cooled, sweetened tea. "Now, if you are sufficiently pleased at how your lord and master has cared for your needs, perhaps you will gratify him, obedient brat, by taking this tea and getting a good night's sleep for a change? Free of dreams and visions and pain?" "Free of pain, certainly," Legolas sighed happily, and wriggled briefly under the throes of a delighted shiver. "But I should hope I will still dream of you, my love—this night and always." "That will content me," Elrond told him, and held the cup to the Prince's lips until he had slowly and carefully consumed it all. Then he turned down the lamp and carefully tucked his beloved in, resting the pale, bandaged head on his shoulder and thanking Eru for Legolas's preservation. "Sleep well, nín mel , may the morning bring you even more progress toward full health!" "I do not want to leave you unfulfilled," Legolas grumbled around a yawn as sleep began once more to overtake him. "What kind of proper lover receives such attentions then falls asleep?" "One who has been sat upon by Orcs and Uruks, or trolls perhaps, and had come within a breath of dying," Elrond said indulgently, kissing away the frown of consternation that decorated his Prince's face. "Or one that has been drugged helpless by a scheming Lore-Master. And do not think for a moment I will fail to ask you for the full story of your battles when you have awakened, my love. Rest now…" He smiled at the faint blush that washed over Legolas's pale cheek. "I meant to… I would have done," Legolas whispered. "I know, my star. Rest now. We can talk later." Holding him then, bestowing occasional kisses and much more healing as Legolas progressed deeper and deeper into renewing slumber, Elrond could only thank the Valar over and over, and Eru the one, that this best-beloved of warriors had been spared to stand guard over his heart for however much longer they had. It was an uncertain world, after all, but one thing was clad in iron and immoveable: he loved his Prince with all his heart, and his Prince returned the favour, each watching over the other. That they used different gifts and skills in the doing only cemented the certainty of their devotion. This night it was simply Elrond's turn to do the watching—as watch he did, all through the long night as his beloved rested and healed, secure in his arms and his love. Out in the hallway, three stunned young males stared at each other in the dimness--then ran back to the locked door. "Did he—umm," Estel stammered, eyes wide. "Was that—I mean, it sounded like—" His voice trailed off. The Twins tried valiantly to look mature and calm, but they were just as surprised as their younger brother. "I am certain Legolas was, uhh, crying out in pain, Estel," Elladan began, stopping abruptly when his brother elbowed him. He coughed. "That is—I meant to say—" "He meant to say Adar is a consummate healer, Estel, and if Legolas is indeed in pain—as I've little doubt, alas, that he is—he will do everything in his power to heal him." "By—whatever means necessary," Elrohir added, nodding. Fortunately the night hid his blush—and Elladan's amusement, though they all heard his snort. What they all failed to hear was Erestor, coming down the corridor behind them on silent feet; the councilor took each Twin in an earlobe-lock and growled at them lest they cry out. "You come along with me as well, young Estel," he commanded, hauling the sons of Elrond away from the door and quelling the Man's protests with a look. "I am astounded at all three of you. Listening at keyholes and behaving like voyeurs! Making noise in the hallway while poor Legolas is attempting to recuperate. Shame on you! I will have the lot of you dusting books until the end of the Age, I swear!" Beyond, in the quiet of the healing hall and their little nest of calm, Legolas slumbered on into health while Elrond smiled in the dark, rejoicing that things were beginning to return to normal around here at last. The End The title comes from the Willard Wattles poem, "Acceptance", which I offer for the delectation of the reader: I cannot think nor reason I only know he came With hands and feet of healing And wild heart all aflame. With eyes that dimmed and softened At all the things he saw, And in his pillared singing I read the marching Law. I only know he loves me, Enfolds and understands— And oh, his heart that holds me, And oh, his certain hands! Willard Wattles, 1888-1950 I believe he was writing about Jesus… but I think we can argue with all respect that there are certain Jesus-like qualities about Elrond--and that Elrond is a consummate healer. Also… a lot of Wattles's poetry comes across like the expostulations of a romantically-inclined Wood-Elf….