two shepherds had preceded them, contributing their own supplies of mutton and goat cheese -- a far better meal for a nursing mother than mere bread -- and a sheepskin to shield the infant from the coarse straw of the manger. While Rachel shared her baby items and some private advice with the new mother, Jesse sat on the blanket sharing the last of the wine with Thranduil. Daniel went off into the inn, in hopes of flirting with Abigail. After a time, Rachel had declined Legolas's offer to see her home, letting the two shepherds escort her on her way. Now, the lantern had burned low. Mary had fed the child again and lay dozing in the straw, still wearing Legolas's cloak. Joseph sat near, his head nodding forward onto his chest. The animals shifted and grunted in their pens. And yet the baby lay awake, as John knelt beside the manger, speaking softly to him. Thranduil leaned back against a supporting timber and began to croon a song. "Hush, my little one, Hush my sweet one. The Dove coos in the branches, The Owl hoots in the fir tree, The stars look down . . ." Legolas looked over at Galion and smiled. "He used to sing that song over my cradle." The sound of his father's voice had always filled Legolas with peace. It did so now. Galion nodded and smiled back. " Nana used to sing that lullaby to the two of us over our own cradle. I think they sang that old song back beside the waters at Cuiviénen." "Hush my little one, Hush my sweet one. The journey is long. There will be an end." Thranduil fell silent. The baby slept now, and John snored beside him, his head bent forward and resting on the side of the manger. "Some people have the knack," Galion said. "Time to sleep ourselves. Where?" "I have an idea," said Legolas, going into the pen to where his camel rested with her legs curled beneath her. He lay down beside her, pillowing his head against her warm flank. Galion snuggled alongside his own camel. "At least I'll be warm." Thranduil looked at his camel, who eyed him back benignly. The mood in the stable had become oddly peaceful tonight. "Do we have an understanding, Baarqab? We'll both be on our best behavior?" The bull camel made no answer. Thranduil shrugged and settled down in the curve of the beast's body. With a happy sigh, Legolas clasped his arms around himself and drifted into deep dream. oOo The next morning dawned cool but bright. Out in the courtyard, the sun had burned away the last patches of snow from the cobbles, and meltwater from the eaves of the stable dripped steadily. Legolas and Galion had saddled their mounts and taken them outside, noting that Joseph tactfully made no remark about the lack of morning beard stubble on the three of them. "He thinks we're eunuchs," Galion snickered, sidelong. "It wouldn't be for the first time," Legolas whispered back. He got that a lot. Thranduil stepped out of the doorway, taking a quick sniff at his clothing and making a sour face. "Camel," he said. "Don't worry, Sire," Galion said. "A few hours' ride in this brisk wind will air you out good and proper." John trailed behind him, his arms laden. "Lords, Joseph says not to leave without your cloaks. He won't need them now, what with Rachel's blankets." Legolas accepted his cloak and donned it, expecting to detect the homey odor of mother's milk and baby pee. Instead, he found himself enveloped in the fragrance of roses, bringing back almost forgotten memories of his gardens in Ithilien. He pulled the cloak tightly about himself and inhaled deeply, feeling refreshed by more than the crispness of the morning. Legolas looked down into upturned brown eyes and put a hand on the small man's shoulder. "Farewell, John," he said, echoing John's blessing to the child. "Be happy, my friend." He mounted his camel, and the three of them rode out onto the road to Jerusalem. At the top of the hill, Thranduil twisted on his saddle for one last look at the little town below. "You know," he said, "there have been times over the long-years when I have questioned the wisdom of our decision to turn our backs on the West and embrace the world of Men. The Mortals can be so base to one another, so cruel, that I wonder why I have wasted my efforts on them. And then, as with last night, they surprise me with their unexpected decency. That folks as poor as that can share what little they have with one another. That an old man should be willing to raise the child of another fellow in order to protect a girl. I think that boy will have a good father, no matter who begot him or how." A wind from the north blew a strand of golden hair across Thranduil's face, and he put up a hand to brush it away. "Their lives are brief but so very precious. Each one of them may make a change for the good -- one of those shepherd lads, or that young mother who shared her goods and her wisdom, or that stableman, for all that he is simple in his wits. Even that baby boy may grow up to do great things, and there is no predicting it. It gives me hope for the future, Legolas." "I have based my life on hope, Father," Legolas said. "And so far, I have never been disappointed." "And may you never be," Galion murmured. Thranduil grinned. "Alas, we will not get home in time for your Begetting Day if we continue to stand in the road and discuss philosophy." He tapped his camel on the shoulder with his stick, urging it into a run. "Hut-hut-hut, Baarqab! On to Jerusalem!" oooOooo Translations: Baarqab: stud camel Hayin: tame pack camel