offense indeed! My judgment in this matter is that once you have come of age your duty shall be as a servant to my son, where you will have ample opportunity to clean up after him since you seem so bent upon it." 'And may you never leave him!' Oropher added silently. "Meanwhile, I have the proper punishment for you . . ." o o o Oropher could never look into the eyes of his son, or see the golden glint of his hair without feeling a stab in his heart. How like his dead wife the boy was, and Oropher could count the years he had been without her with each of Thranduil's Begetting Days. 'Oh, Collwen, my love' he sighed inwardly. 'If only you could be here with me now to see him. And to help me raise him.' Thranduil had her spirit too, or at least her spirit as it should have been before life had wounded her. Never more evident than now, for Oropher found himself staring into bright blue eyes that blazed with a fire not usually found in the folk of Elu. Such a fire must be tempered with wisdom, Oropher knew, or else lead to disaster. He took a deep breath for courage, hoping he could find some of that wisdom for himself. "I found this in my bed last night," he said, holding out the chamber pot with the toad inside. "Needless to say, I was not amused. What am I to do with you . . . elflings?" "But, Father -- that is such a low term!" Thranduil protested. "'Elflings' is a word used by the Edain , or the Naugrim , or any of those who think us enemies." "Indeed? What else can you expect when you and Galion behave no better than goblin imps? My dignity and inconvenience aside, I might have sat on this poor little creature and done it an injury. Did you not think?" At this, Thranduil looked troubled, but said nothing, continuing to stare in silence. Oropher paused and threw up his arms in frustration. "Gah! I forget -- you know nothing of this, for Galion has assured me so." He watched as his son's brow crinkled in perplexity at what, to any other child, would have been good fortune. "Thranduil," he said, gesturing as if to encompass his palace and all that surrounded, "what do you think being a king means? It is far more than wearing jewels and drinking fine wine and having the best bed, even if some mischievous child puts a toad in it. With the power and the privilege comes responsibility. You owe a duty to those who obey you, for if you make the wrong decision, you lead them into folly as well. And whatever we order, no matter how risky or painful, we must share in it. I pray to Elbereth that our realm will never have to go to war, but if we do, you shall find me leading my troops from the forefront rather than from behind the lines. This is what it means to be a king." "I'll never be the king. You're the king, and I'm the prince. That's the way it will always be." "Yes Thranduil. Kings rule, and princes serve." Oropher paused and allowed himself to speak more gently. "But the king serves the most of all. And even a prince must have a care for those he commands." Thranduil still met his gaze boldly, but Oropher felt he could detect a sight quiver at the corner of his son's mouth. "Ah, well, it is no matter though," Oropher continued airily, "for Galion has confessed to playing the prank, and he will be duly punished." He paused to take a sly enjoyment in Thranduil's sudden look of dismay. "But, Father, I . . ." "You 'what,' Thranduil? Surely you do not wish to accuse your young friend of lying to his king in addition to everything else? His punishment is already most severe." "You did not . . . beat him?" The look on Thranduil's face was almost laughable. "No. What purpose would that serve? Some pain, quickly forgotten; it is too easy. Instead, to recompense me for the loss of my dignity, Master Galion will do me, and the realm, a useful service. With the recent additions to the palace, our privies need to expanded as well. I have set your friend to the digging of a six holer for the new west wing." "But, Ada , that will take forever!" "Yes, it will, with only Galion digging. I will leave it up to you, Thranduil, to do what you think best. Oh, and, son," Oropher said, holding out the toad, "take this little fellow outside and set him free. Out near the west wing might be a good spot." o o o Galion swatted angrily at a fly biting the back of his neck. Out here in the sun, the insects could be vicious, and he was perspiring heavily. " Huitho !" he said, delighting in the new, deliciously forbidden word. He heard the faint rustle of footsteps through the lush vegetation of the sward, saw a figure stoop down, and noticed a tiny creature hop away into the tall grass. "Brik-brik." "There's another shovel here. How come?" "I dunno, Thranduil," said Galion. "Lord Helegui left two of them. That's all I know." "Ow!" said Thranduil, as Galion heard the unmistakable clunk of a shovel hitting a rock. "This ground is hard." "Don't be an idiot, Thran, your father thinks I put that toad in his bed. You're free and clear. I took the blame for you." He heard a sigh and the sound of a shovel cutting into dirt. "Shut up, Galion, and keep digging." o o o o o o o Translations from Sindarin: huitho : The affirmative command of 'huithad,' meaning the marital act Iathren : Doriathrin Laegrim : Green-elves, Nandor gweth : Manhood Golodh : Noldo