fruit – and a flask of water. If he drank sparingly, it would last him a day – and if he could catch some of the incessant rain, it would last him longer. He had shelter of a sort. He would wait a day to rest and recover, then try again to make his way back to the path. If he could do that, he would start to make his way back to Imladris on foot. There was a strong chance that Elladan would be on his way, but that would be of little help. Elladan had no way of knowing where he was – he was not even due back from Lasgalen for several days yet. There was no one clear route leading to the pass, but a maze of small paths and tracks that seemed to change every winter. There was also the possibility – remote though it was – that his twin, believing him still in Lasgalen, would simply trust to Calmacil's skill and wait for news. He wished very much that he could call to Elladan for help. But their bond was one of sensing feelings and emotions, and no more. He and Elladan had never been able to mindspeak to one another – though they understood each other's moods so well that some half-believed they could. All he could sense now was that Elladan was desperately worried about him, and he wished rather hopelessly that he could reach his twin to tell him what had happened, and where he was. Taking a deep breath, he pushed aside the haze of pain and exhaustion and tried to channel his thoughts and reach out through their bond, using all his desperation and hopelessness to force the contact. ' Elladan. Elladan. Can you hear me? Listen.' He paused, fighting the dizziness that swirled on the edges of his mind, and summoned his dwindling strength. ' Elladan, listen to me. I need help. I am in the high pass – just below the cave. I fell. El, I am injured and need help. Mornaur … Mornaur is dead.' He stopped again, forcing himself to continue. ' Please, El –if you can hear me – it is so cold …' His concentration wavered again, and he jerked himself back to awareness. He could not let himself sleep. He had to make sure he stayed awake and alert, despite his exhaustion, knowing only too well that if he fell asleep in this harsh, bitter terrain, he might soon sink into a deeper sleep, and an unconsciousness from which he might never awaken. o-o-o Elladan awoke from a deep sleep, sitting upright with a gasp. "El?" he called into the silence of his bedchamber. He knew there would be no response – Elrohir was far away in Lasgalen – but there was something wrong. Badly wrong. He stared into the darkness, listening, but could hear nothing but silence. He called once more and then, sliding from his bed, he crossed to the door and made his way down the dimly lit, deserted hallways. Pausing outside another door, he knocked briefly, and pushed the door open without waiting for an answer. "Glorfindel, wake up." Glorfindel blinked once, then rose, staring at him in surprise. "Elladan? What …" "It is Elrohir. He is hurt. I do not know how, or why, or even where, but he needs me." Glorfindel rubbed his eyes. "How do you …" Then he waved a hand in apology. "Forgive me. I am still half asleep. Of course you know. But I thought Elrohir was still in Lasgalen?" Elladan shrugged. "I assume so. Yes, he must be. He did not say, but I know he was hoping to see Taniquel – so he is probably still there. But wherever he is, there is something wrong. I have to go to him." "I know. I understand. But Elladan, wait. Thranduil's healer – Calmacil? – he is one of the best. Whatever has happened, Elrohir will be in safe hands." Elladan nodded distractedly. "I suppose so," he muttered, unconvinced. "That is … yes, I know how good Calmacil is. But … " He sighed, and shook his head. "It is no use. Glorfindel, I have to go. I will leave at dawn." Glorfindel crossed to a table next to the fireplace and poured a goblet of wine which he thrust into Elladan's hands. "Sit down. Drink this. Elladan, listen to me!" Elladan looked up, surprised to find himself sitting. He took a deep breath, and a large mouthful of wine. "Glorfindel … " "Elladan, calm down. You will be of no help to Elrohir if you panic. Tell me what happened." "I am not panicking – I am worried!" he snapped. Glorfindel said nothing, and Elladan sighed, gripping the goblet tightly in an attempt to stop his hands shaking. He took another sip of the wine, forcing himself to be calm and rational as he related what had happened. "I was asleep. Something woke me, very suddenly, and I knew that Elrohir was injured and in danger. And that is all I know." He fell silent, thinking. He would need supplies – weather in the passes through the mountains could be treacherous at any time of the year. He would need food, blankets, medicines – he had to be prepared for anything. It would be of little help to Elrohir if he himself encountered some disaster on the way. The abrupt awakening had shaken him – though he had not been panicking – but the very act of planning, and Glorfindel's instant acceptance that something was wrong had calmed him. He glanced wryly at the now empty goblet, and acknowledged that the wine may have helped, too. He rose to his feet. "Thank you, Glorfindel. Will you take over my duties here? I cannot stay, you know that." Glorfindel snorted. "You expect me to stay here? Of course not, elfling. I am coming with you – Elrohir needs us." To Be Continued