night was the anniversary of the Dagorlad. I saw no better way to commemorate Oropher and Amdir than by enjoying a cup of wine with the men and singing the old songs. It was hardly a secret. 'Gler' I Aran was a popular tune in the Greenwood in years past. I am surprised Naruthír had not heard it, although he, like you, is one of the younger generation." Legolas made a face. "Well, thanks to you, Adar , the song will enjoy a renewal. Ai, Gwethes dithwain -- I shall never live it down." "Oh, do try to develop a sense of humor, boy. No one ever thought that term applied to me, nor will they to you. Trust me on this. As for the rest . . ." He laughed and shrugged. "I am sure you are mature enough to let such a thing roll off." "Truly, Father, I am tempted to leave you in here." "And I am tempted to assign you to library duty for the next ennin . Now get me out of this cell." "I will, if you will shut up so I can get you past the guards. I do not understand how they could have failed to recognise your voice." "That part is easy," said Thranduil, pulling his hood up to hide his face, rising and walking to the door. "I just talk like this," he continued in a voice one octave higher and with a Laegren lilt that put Galion's to shame. Along with the change in voice, he had altered his posture, making himself look at least two inches shorter. Legolas followed, shaking his head. Suddenly, his father's uncanny knowledge of all that went on in the realm made so much more sense. "Eyes and ears in the trees, indeed! I know your secret now," he muttered. They met up with Naruthír and the two guards partway down the corridor. "My Prince, where are you taking the prisoner?" "Out into the forest, where I plan to tie him to a tree and shoot him," Legolas said peevishly. It had been along day, and now that the excitement was over, his fatigue had returned, bringing bad temper along with it. Naruthír's eyes grew wide, and the two guards murmured. Beside him, Thranduil's shoulders began to shake with what Legolas hoped would be mistaken for fright. "I am jesting, Naruthír," said Legolas tightly. "This elf has repented of his impertinence, have you not, Master Randirion?" "Oh yes," sing-songed Thranduil in his high Laegren lilt. "I promise I will never mock my betters again." Legolas firmly resisted the temptation to step on his father's toe. "I shall take you into the wood and send you on your way back to your home. I suggest you stay there, for if King Thranduil should come upon you, knowing what you sang about him, it will not go well with you. He is not so forgiving as I." Naruthír nodded earnestly, and the guards muttered, "Oh yes . . . quite the despot." Thranduil snorted softly and Legolas took leave of Naruthír and the guards with a curt nod of his head. "Come along, you," he said, taking his father by the back of his cloak and hustling him up the tunnel. As they left, Legolas swore he could hear one of the guards softly whistling 'Gler' i Aran , and beside him, Thranduil hummed along in perfect harmony. Well, it was a catchy tune . . . In that moment, he almost felt himself feeling sorry for poor Prince Fingon. oOo 'Randirion' was never seen again in the northern part of the realm, nor in the southern part either. For years to come, Legolas often found Naruthír staring at him with a strange speculative look which he ultimately decided to ignore. A little fear in one's subordinates was not all bad. If ever Legolas heard the tune of 'Here's to the King' being hummed or whistled, he made it a point of going to the communal baths and bathing very publicly and very nakedly. Some rumors were best nipped in the bud. On Thranduil's next Begetting Day, Legolas presented him with a Wolfhound puppy. Although he had not previously been fond of dogs, his father claimed to be delighted with the gift and thanked him profusely. After teaching the pup not to chase the palace cats, Thranduil declared its training complete, much to the dismay of poor Galion who had to clean up after it. The beast grew to the size of a small pony, spoiled several carpets and ate three of Thranduil's boots, but the King doted upon it until the end of its days. The End oooOooo Translation: 'Gler' i aran : Here's to the king Gler' i aran : Here's to the king Gler' i aran ; Here's to the king Ho i chach-edh-roch ; He's the horse's arse Herdir faigwain : The meanest lord I weth-e-hu lab vaewain : The best at licking dog privates 'Gler' i aran ; Here's to the king Ho i chach-edh-roch ; He's the horse's arse 'Gler' ernil mîn : Here's to our prince 'Gler' ernil mîn : Here's to our prince Gler' ernil mîn : Here's to our prince Ho i chuch-edh-roch : He's the horse's vagina Gwethes dithwain : The smallest penis I buch-e-hu medith' aen : May he eat dog feces 'Gler' ernil mîn ; Here's to our prince Ho i chuch-edh-roch : He's the horse's vagina The 'unknown bard' who composed this charming song is Darth Fingon, and like Thranduil and Legolas, I am in awe of his gift. This story arose out of a conversation with Darth Fingon after he had translated for me a highly disrespectful song in Sindarin that his Oropher had written about Fingolfin and Fingon. I got the following plot bunny and he gave me his gracious permission and encouragement to write it. Thank you Darth Fingon! Thank you also to my beta reader for this story, IgnobleBard