place again. Elrohir followed the water for a few miles downstream towards the river. Now that he could see his surroundings he realised that he was not quite as far off course as he had feared – here the stream dropped into a low waterfall where the children splashed and played, and here it joined the river he knew. The rangers' village was only a mile or two away now. In the distance he could see riders, and he waved. Soon Elladan and Arathorn came into sight, and he urged Mithrilyn forward to join them. "El, you idiot," Elladan greeted him. "Where were you? Trust you to get lost! I hope you had a long, cold night in the forest. It serves you right!" Elrohir grinned as he embraced Elladan. "I had a very interesting encounter. I spent the night with a lady who lives deep in the forest – she was waiting for her husband to return. She seemed a little odd, but she was kindness itself." Arathorn stared at him. "No one lives in the forest now – the last settlers moved out many years ago." "Sarra does," Elrohir told him. Alcarin, one of the older riders, laughed at him. "You're snow-touched, lad!" he said. "No one lives in the deep forest now – the last one was a poor, mad woman whose man went off during a snow storm and died. For ever after she was looking for him, asking everyone she met if they'd seen him. Tim? Tam? Some name like that." "Tom," said Elrohir softly. "Aye, that was it!" Alcarin agreed. "My grandfather told me the story. Even after he was found dead the following spring, she still looked for him and asked about him. And she would always welcome complete strangers if they were lost in the woods – she didn't want the same thing to happen to them. Someone would ride out from the village once in a while to see if she needed anything, or wanted to come back with us – and just to see if she was still alive." "What happened to the woman in the story?" Elrohir was curious. The tale was such an odd coincidence, but at least Sarra was very much alive. Alcarin shrugged. "I don't rightly know. My grandfather said she disappeared one winter, and no-one saw her again, or ever knew what became of her. It was a long time ago – my grandfather was just a boy the last time she was seen." "Could someone else be living in the house now?" Elladan asked. "I doubt it. I told you – no-one lives in the deep woods now. The house must have fallen into ruins long ago." "Well, someone lives there," Elrohir insisted. "I can show you." Leading the others, he retraced his steps to the river and along the banks of the stream. The tracks were clear to see in the pristine snow and easy to follow. As they approached the clearing where Sarra's house stood, Elrohir glanced back at the others. "I told you the house was here – look!" Then he stopped dead, reining Mithrilyn to a halt as they emerged from the trees. The forest had already begun to encroach on the clearing. Saplings sprouted from the open ground, and a long, low, ramshackle building stood to one side. The snow covered roof sagged, and had collapsed at one end. Jackdaws nested on top of the crumbling chimney, and a holly bush laden with berries grew through the fallen roof. "What has happened here?" Elrohir whispered. "This was her house!" Elladan stared at him doubtfully. "El, no-one has lived here for years. You must be mistaken." Elrohir shook his head. "No." He pointed to a tumbledown shack to one side of the ruined house. "That was the shed where I stabled Mithrilyn. The main living room and kitchen was in the middle, and Sarra said her bedroom – hers and Tom's – was at the end. And those are the tracks I made." They followed the tracks to the front door which stood ajar, hanging from a single hinge. As Elladan pushed it the iron disintegrated into a pile of rust and the door fell across the entrance. Elrohir hung back as Elladan stepped over the door, unable to accept the reality of what he saw. This could not be the same place, yet he knew he had not left Elladan astray. Debris and leaf litter were piled around the door, and the stone flagged floor was stained and cracked. Grass grew between the slabs and ivy crept in at the broken windows. And next to the empty fireplace there was a sagging chair, still draped in a mouldering blanket. Elladan picked his way across the floor to the table. When he turned he had something in his hand. "El, look at this," he said quietly. He held a tarnished silver coin. As he rubbed it on his cloak the design on the coin was revealed – the waterfall insignia of Imladris. "I think this is yours." Elrohir placed it back on the table. "Leave it," he said, his voice husky. "Leave it here." Outside in the bright, cold air he turned to Elladan. "What happened last night?" he asked. "What happened to me?" Elladan shook his head. "Who knows? You needed shelter from the storm – and Sarra was a woman who welcomed all travellers so they would not meet the same fate as her husband. And somehow you found each other." He clasped Elrohir's shoulder. "Come back now. Gilraen is waiting for us, and Aragorn will have grown even more." As they left, Elrohir turned and looked back at the abandoned house one final time. And for a moment it seemed that behind one of the broken windows a curtain moved and a pale face looked out. He blinked and looked again, but there was only a gap where the shutter had been, and emptiness within. The End