His eyes grew wide as Haldir took the sword from its position on the wall. "This belonged to Prince Amroth himself and was given him by the Lady Nimloth when they were married." "How was it saved? When the Prince was slain it was feared lost, I never even knew that it was still in the care of the elves." Gondien said. "Oh well, it was preserved by a friend of the Prince and when his parents knew it they gave it to him," Haldir said off handedly, "You'd better set off now lad, but come back and visit from time to time. I'd like to say you a few other things as well." "Yes sir," Gondien grinned broadly and bowed, "Thank you sir." A tight, constricting feeling gripped Haldir's heart for the few moments that Gondien was in his sight. There had been the hope, many years ago that some day he would have sons and daughters of his own to love and care for and train in the ways he had grown to love. He had been wed, but that future had faded as surely as time claimed everything for its own. Haldir did not have time to dwell on his melancholy thoughts because the door that had been carefully shut by Gondien was threw open by Orophin who broiled into the room with a black expression over his handsome face. "Haldir, remind me to kill Rumil the next time he's well," Orophin bellowed, "I will never allow that little so and so to…" "Rumil is back?" Haldir interjected. "Two hours ago," Orophin said, "And he's…" "Rumil returned two hours ago?" Haldir asked, "Where is he?" "He went right to the house. Haldir, I think something is wrong." Orophin said, "You know what an ass he is about never telling us when his dreams are coming. He was as white as a sheet and shaking." "Damn," Haldir brushed passed his brother and told his assistant to take care of any of his duties for an hour. "Was he wounded? Or Erethon?" Haldir barked. He and Orophin were fairly running along the catwalks between the talans of Cara Galadhon, "He said there was no danger involved!" "I don't think they were hurt at all. I saw Erethon and he was fine. He said they only visited a few of the Rohirrim villages near the border. They had no confrontations or anything, but a friendly welcome." Orophin said. They came to the large talan that Haldir occupied and burst in the door. Two young elleths were setting the table for the evening meal and looked up startled at the suddenly appearance of their employer and his brother. "Sidhiel, has my brother come home?" Haldir demanded. "Yes sir, he went right to his room and has been there ever since." She explained a curious expression coming over her face. "Thank you," Haldir said shortly and he and Orophin went up to the second level of the house where the bedrooms were located. The door to Rumil's chamber was closed and there was no sound coming from his room at all. Haldir opened the door without a thought and said, "Rumil? Are you well?" Rumil was standing at the window, his arms crossed over his chest and his head resting on his hand in a thoughtful gesture. He spun around when they entered and now his face went dark with anger. "What do you mean by barging into my room like that?" "Why didn't you come and report when you arrived in the city?" Haldir demanded, "The soldiery is always to report immediately to the guard. Erethon reported and that is the only reason I knew of your return." "I am not a trainee Haldir," Rumil growled, 'I know my duty. However, I needed to … I would have been along in a moment." He finished, "But even this little offense wouldn't cause you to come bursting in there like a balrog in heat." "And you should have the respect for the fact that you are a soldier and Orophin and I are worried about you!" Haldir bellowed back. "Stop!" Orophin broke in, "Rumil, we thought perhaps you were injured. You're not yourself." "Well, maybe I have a cause too!" Rumil shot back, "Now if we could all stop behaving like children I could do a little explaining!" The three brothers stood there and Haldir still didn't look happy, but they sat down. Rumil eased onto his bed and folded his legs under him as he had done since they were children. Haldir preferred to stand but Orophin gave him a look that made him take the last empty chair. "Now, what is this news?" Orophin asked, "Is there anything wrong?" "No, in fact, the news is…I don't know how to describe it. It's a miracle, a beautiful miracle." Rumil looked at them with eyes that held a rare spark of pure joy. "The dwarves have left Middle Earth to never return?" Haldir asked dryly. "No such luck," Rumil smiled, "But Haldir, this involves you. It involves you very much indeed." "How?" "Well, it wouldn't have happened if well..." Rumil looked a trifle embarrassed, "Haldir, do you remember Tess?" Dead silence fell over the room and unconsciously Haldir touched the golden band on his right fourth finger. His face had gone a little white but his expression was calm and his voice soft. "Of course, how could I forget?" " What is your name miss?" " I am Tess, the Tanner's daughter." "When she died," Rumil went on, "Her people weren't quite honest with you about everything." Haldir felt his throat constrict, "What do you mean?" "They said that Tess and the baby died, did they not?" Orophin asked quietly. "Yes, they said he was too weak to live after she…passed," Haldir said, "They were buried together before we arrived." Rumil was shaking his head, "But you see Haldir, they weren't. The babe, your son…is still alive!" TBC ….Looking for a Beta