fiery chasm from whence it came. One of you must do this," Elrond concluded. No one volunteered. Atarimae snorted. "Good luck with that," she said snarkily. Elrond turned to look at her and his eyes practically screamed, Can it, beotch . "One does not simply walk into Mordor," Boromir piped up after his silence. "Its Black Gates are guarded by more than just Orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep. The Great Eye is ever-watchful. It is a barren wasteland riddled with fire, and ash and dust. The very air you breathe is a poisonous fume. Not with 10,000 men could you do this. It is folly." Boromir concluded his mini-rant. Legolas stood up. "Have you heard nothing Lord Elrond just said? The Ring must be destroyed!" "And I suppose you thing you are the one to do it!" Gimli bellowed. "And if we fail what then? What happens when Sauron takes back what is his?!" Boromir asked. "Well, we're obviously all doomed, aren't we?" Annamaria quipped only half-jokingly. "I will be dead before I see the Ring in the hands of an elf!" Gimli hollered as he stood up. "Ji tlu ol, Hargluk!" Slyan yelled at him back. "Quit speaking in tongues, you witch!" Gimli looked about ready to throw his other ax at her. Pretty soon almost everyone was up and yelling at each other. Frodo then started to look more uncomfortable than ever, and he was fidgeting an awful lot. Atarimae didn't fail to notice this. "I will take it!" Frodo yelled. He couldn't be heard over all the arguing. Barak arched his back and let out a loud, inhuman bellow that probably could have been heard for miled. The birds darted out the trees as fast as their little birdie wings would allow. All quieted instantly and looked at the Centaur. "The Halfling speaks," Barak said simply. Frodo looked at him with gratitude, and a little fear. "I will take the Ring to Mordor. Though... I do not know the way" he said a bit shyly. Gandalf had a resigned look on his face, as if he had been expecting and both fearing this moment. "I will help you bear this burden, Frodo Baggins, as long as it is yours to bear," Galdalf told Frodo. Aragorn stood up and walked to Frodo. "If by my life or death I can protect you, I will. You have my sword," Aragorn said as he bowed before Frodo. "And you have my bow," Legolas said valiantly. "And my ax," said the Dwarf. The Fairy fluttered and landed atop Legolas' head. "And my fluttery wingies!" Annamaria said. Legolas batter her off his head and she stuck her ongue out at him. "As well as my naginata," Atarimae said. Most of those present looked at her as if she had grown another head. "It's similar to a spear..." they all nodded in understanding. "Loosely..." Atari muttered. "And my staff," Barak said as he went to Frodo's side. They all looked at Slyan. "What, now? I'm volunteering for some suicide mission! No way!" Slyan said. Elrond came up to her and whispered in her ear. Slyan paled considerably. "My whip, too," she said angrily. She then started muttering about evil half-Elves and their meddling ways. Elrond looked quite pleased with himself. "What use is a Fairy on a quest such as this?" Boromir questioned angrily. "And a she-child at that. She cannot be any older than twelve!" Annamaria faintly glowed red in her anger. She flew right over to Boromir and hovered so her head was equal with his eyes. "For you information, little mister, I am old enough to be you great great grandmother! And I am an Earth Fairy, therefore I can bid all manner of greenery to do my will, which make me a wee bit more useful than your little stick!" She kicked his nose and sat atop Frodo's head (he was a bit surprised). Elrond smiled at her. "True as that may be, to the other Fairies you are the equivalent of 12 in mortal years. And you have barely started training with your talents, correct? And while we're on the subject, why did the Queen send you?" Annamaria glared at him. "Because she really doesn't care what happens to any of the other races. They aren't her jurisdiction." Boromir strode up to Frodo. "You carry the fates of us all, little one. If this is indeed the will of the Council, then Gondor will see it done." Just then, everyone heard a rustling sound coming from some nearby shrubbery. Then a rather chubby Hobbit ran out and stood beside Frodo. "Mr. Frodo isn't going anywhere without me!" he said. "No, indeed it is hard to separate you, even when he is summoned to a secret Council and you are not," Lord Elrond said, clearly amused. At that time, two more Hobbits ran out into the bunch from behind a couple stone arches. "We're coming too!" one of them exclaimed."You'll need to send us home tied up in a sack to stop us!" "Besides, you need people of intelligence on this sort of mission. Quest. Thing." the smaller one said. Gandalf looked at them amusedly. "Well that rules you out, Pip," the other whispered to him, though those present could clearly hear it. Elrond looked upon them all. "Thirteen companions," the Elf lord said, "You shall be the Fellowship of the Ring." Overall, it was an epic, golden moment. The kind you real about in tales of... epic, goldenness. "Great!" Where are we going?" Blech A little over 6 pages. My longest chappie ever! You peeps better be happy! Read and Review, please. I'm not the type of person to say, "I won't post the next chapter until I get 15 reviews!", because I think you should write because you love it, not because of other people. But, BTW, reviews are great motivators... Mir dosst ooble', Darthirii- Ji tlu ol, Hargluk- So be it, Dwarf