He and Elrond were merely the witnesses to the bedding. Death was the husband who would claim the bride this day. 'I cannot do this ,' Legolas told himself as he and Elrond stood together before the door. ' I cannot go into that room and watch her die.' Whatever was Lord Elrond waiting for, he wondered in annoyance, and he glanced to his side to see the older man standing frozen beside him. Elrond's eyes showed the same paralysis of will that Legolas was feeling. 'Six thousand years or more he has lived, and he is just as unnerved about this as I am,' Legolas thought, and a feeling of calm descended upon him. He reached for the door and entered. A narrow bed had been placed in the center of the room, and Gilraen lay upon it, under a soft wool coverlet that came up to her chest. Her hair was unbound and she was dressed in a white shift. She smiled as the two men entered. Legolas drew up a chair to her side and sat down. On his face was a gentle smile, for no sadness was going to trouble this lady any further. Elrond sat down on the other side of her. "Legolas, you are standing proxy for my son in his absence. If there are any decisions to be made later, I give you the authority to make them. Now, give me your hand, for now that we are at the end, I need some of your courage." Legolas took her right hand between his own. In all the years he had known her, this was the first time he had held her hand, or even touched her. "And you, Elrond," she said, holding out her left. "Are you sure of this, Gilraen?" Elrond asked. "I am tired today, so very tired," she replied. "The time is right. I will say to you, Elrond, what I said to Legolas so many years ago. Onen I-Estel Edain, u-cheben estel anim. I give hope to men. I keep none for myself. Legolas, look after him for me." With that, she shut her eyes and a look of concentration came over her face. Legolas felt her grip tighten on his hand. 'I am Legolas Thranduilion, prince of Mirkwood , scion of the House of Oropher,' he chanted to himself. ' I am strong. I am brave. I will not falter. I will not fail this woman who has placed her trust in me. I am Legolas Thranduilion . . .' All at once, Gilraen's eyes opened wide and her face was suffused with an expression of unearthly joy. "Arathorn . . . " she cried. She closed her eyes and fell into sleep. Her breath left her in a sigh and she did not breathe in again. Legolas felt the pressure of her hand relax around his own. Legolas heard a sob, which, much to his surprised relief, did not issue from himself. He looked to see Lord Elrond's eyes glistening with a strange brightness. The two elves' eyes met for a long moment in shared awe. "That was . . ." Elrond began. Legolas could only nod, for his throat had clogged and his own eyes were prickling. "The grace and beauty of her youth are revealed in her again," Elrond continued solemnly. "I behold an image of the splendor of the Kings and Queens of old, in glory undimmed before the breaking of the world." Again, Legolas could only nod. When he finally could trust his voice, he raised her hand to his forehead and murmured, " Giril hîdh nen gurth ." He kissed the fingertips lightly and laid her hand back on her breast. With that, he turned from her and went out into the light of day. "Are you all right, Legolas?" Elrohir asked. Elladan was still strangely quiet. Legolas could only shake his head. "It was not so very bad, really." Of all the sad things this day, seeing the twins so subdued was among the most disturbing. "You need your friends about you, Legolas," Elrohir said. "And wine, lots of it. I know that is what I shall be doing," Elladan added. "I need both, and I will join you later," he said. "But first, I would like to be alone for a little while." He left the paths and wandered a short distance into the trees. He found a rock and sat down upon it. This was a good place. He would tell Lord Elrond about it later. He drew up his knees and wrapped his arms around them, burying his head and rocking slowly. As he rocked he sang a song of his own making. He sang it to the rock and to the trees and to the very earth so that they would hear and remember until all the world had changed beyond recognition, that someday a poet with the soul of the Siddhe might, visiting that spot and hearing the song of the rock, might give the words life and voice again. How many loved your moments of glad grace, And loved your beauty with love false or true, But one man loved the pilgrim soul in you, And loved the sorrows of your changing face; The End ooooooo A/N The final stanza is also from W.B. Yeats' 1892 poem, "When You Are Old" This story, again, is movie verse, ending a thread begun in 'Keeping Hope Alive.' In the books, Gilraen died at the age of 100 while her son was away, busy with other matters, but it was said that she had returned to her people. In the movie, her grave is at Rivendell, indicating she died there, and of course, this was the 'good place' where Legolas sat and sang his song. Most of the Sindarin phrases are well known or apparent from context, but two need translation: Hiril vuin : Beloved Lady Giril hîdh nen gurth : May you find peace in death