face him again, I had to know their colour, as misplaced and strange that urge felt. It was indescribable, how intensely he looked at me, I felt like he was staring right into my soul, though it wasn't uncomfortable, I only felt strangely exposed to him. It took my breath for a while. He seemed to sense my tension and briefly looked away, only to turn back to smile at me politely but he wasn't looking at me like before, where he had seemed to peel from the layers of my innermost self before, he seemed to now just look at my exterior, blankly and without further interest, like I was just a figure. That indistinct notion hurt me more than I was able to justify and to explain to myself. It didn't seem rational. "How did he do it?", I said out of uneasiness and the wish to escape the uncomfortable silence that had laid down upon us, "How did the wizard heal the King?" "He coursed the evil spirit that inhibited Théoden out", he answered lightly, "As it was a mighty spirit it took a mighty wizard to chase it away" "Was it really Saruman?", I had to ask, I had to know if Éomer had been right all along, "Will we have to find him?" "I don't want to trouble you", and there it was again, his glare but different yet again from the one before, now it spoke of urgency, underlining his words, he didn't want to answer me. "And I need to know", I insisted and tried to throw his look right back at him, I tried to make my eyes seem like stone, unmovable, undistractable, which was hard in the face of his beauty. He seemed to be deliberating, arguing with himself. When he caught my eye I tried to look as resolved as possible. He then sighed barely audible. "Gandalf thinks a battle is inevitable", he finally said and then a jolt of pain slashed through his face and he reached for his arm. I jumped, startled, it had looked like something had hit him but then I realized that he was holding his arm, like it was in pain. "You're hurt", I said and then hurried to the bath and brought back water and linen to him, who had sat down on the bed. "It's nothing", he protested, when he saw me with all the things for aid, but the twitch of his mouth didn't fool me. "Could you please take of your coat?", I asked him, sitting down, too and ignoring his protest but it took another insistent look of mine to make him obey to me. He reluctantly took of one side of his jacket, revealing an olive under-shirt, then the other side, before he removed the last layer of fabric from his porcelain skin and the sight of his marvellous body rendered me speechless for a second. I got a hold of my wandering mind quickly though, when I saw the deep, dirty cut on his upper arm. "Nazgûl-blade", he said explanatory and I nodded. "Hold still, please", I said with wet linen in hand, "this might burn a bit" When I started to clean out the wound, he flinched only so slightly and didn't make a sound, I felt almost hesitant to touch his skin, it was so fair and delicate, I almost worried I would hurt him, but as smooth as it was to my touch, it was also firm and strong and it took me a while to remove the soil from the wound, it appeared to have gone without cleaning since it had been inflicted, a clear indicator that they'd had a long, troublesome and restless way to Rohan, troublesome indeed, if they'd encountered a Nazgûl. "Ah", he whispered and pain pulled at his features, I immediately removed my hand. "Forgive me", I hurried to utter. "It's alright", he said and smiled again, "I didn't mean to startle you" And then he took my hand and brought it back up to the cut. "I was done with cleaning", I informed him and put my hand back down, my skin itched and sizzled where his had touched it and I was trying to stop it from shaking when I took the linen to cover the wound. Slowly I swathed his arm and tied the dressing so it stayed in place, he stirred a little but it was done. I regarded my work and was content with it, I didn't think the wound would get infected. "Thank you", he said and drew my attention back to the fact that I was sitting next to an incredibly handsome almost naked elf and the shiver that rocked my body wasn't sure to have gone undetected. But if he noticed, he was considerate enough not to show it, because he'd resumed to displaying his usual polite smile. "Would it be blunt to ask for your name?", I almost hadn't caught what he was asking me, as I'd been drawn to the movement of his lips and how it affected his features, so when I did I stared up at him, wondering if I had heard right. "Myllawyn, daughter of Hereward", I said, "but I'm mostly called Mylla" "It's nice to make your acquaintance, Mylla", he said and I felt a strange sensation hearing him say my name, "I am Legolas, son of Thandruil" "It's nice to make your acquaintance, too, Legolas", I responded, feeling his name cross my lips. Legolas. The name that would haunt my dreams for evermore. Note: Updates make come slow on this one, maybe I won't continue at all, if I don't feel like enough people care to read it, as I have two other stories that need updates but...well, I couldn't help but throw this out there...if you guys like it and I get at least five reviews, I'll work to update. So tell me what you think, do you like Mylla? Thank you :)