on. Ever and anon, when he thought none were looking, he scanned the House quickly, hoping… always hoping. But no silver-and-gold-haired Elven minstrel came to see him off… at length he decided he would have to be content with memory and gift, and ran a hand lovingly over the blue slate box tucked into the belt pouch in which he kept those things he wished to have near to hand as they departed this morn. The music Lindir had created for the feast, in an astonishing whirlwind of activity that was the polar opposite of his previous lassitude, had been incredible. Many had said he had outdone even his own estimable self. Somehow in a few short hours he had written like a god, set secretaries to copying his work, then set his staff of musicians to practicing—and by dinner time had produced a lengthy but riveting piece of musical perfection concerning the ancestry of Aragorn son of Arathorn, in honour of his setting-forth. Much of it Aragorn recognized as having been born there on the banks of the brook in the meadow, when Lindir had sung for him alone—but there was a constant thrumming undercurrent to the music that he could not quite place, a pentatonic sweetness crisp and clean and recurring, a theme if you will… the notes were stuck now in his head, and it would be a long time before he would even want to remove them. When the time came, he hugged Erestor, clasped forearms with Glorfindel, glanced toward the House—and kissed his childhood farewell with a salute to his fingertips, flung to the rafters of Elrond's refuge in the valley. The Rangers mounted up, and with Aragorn, the Twins and Halbarad at their head, the group rode out into the gathering dawn. As they approached the bridge to leave the immediate confines of the House, however, Elladan and Elrohir glanced up, startled, and paused to look back. "What is it?" Aragorn asked. "Can you not hear it?" Elladan murmured. He and his brother had both seen the soft looks passed between Aragorn and the minstrel the previous evening, and had seen them disappear together late into the night. They had not necessarily been looking for anything to occur this morning, but in the silence of the morning, before the birds had even begun to salute the rising day-star, somewhere in Imladris there was music. Aragorn tilted his head back toward the House and listened. Over the jingle of horse tack and the softness of the chill morning breeze there came the tinkling sound of a single silver flute. Woven into the tune being played were those same haunting pentatonic notes, in a dancing, lilting, merry undercurrent—and Aragorn began to laugh. It was the sound of the wind-chime, the very wind-chime he had never noticed before, just as he had never noticed Lindir's love for him, a love pure enough to express itself to him so sweetly and then give him the freedom to fly away on the morning breeze, sung out of the realm by the gift of a song. When they reached the crest of the last high turn before they left the valley completely, Aragorn turned his horse for one look back. Spread out before him was the stage on which his protected childhood had been played—including a stunning vision of the Last Homely House and the Bruinen belting past below. There on the roof of the main building of the manse, just visible to mortal eye and far more clearly to Elven ones, sat a doll-like figure in the distance: clad in robes of white, the colour of celebration, stark against the blue slate of Elrond's roofline, Lindir the master minstrel played his heart out to the winds of morning, singing of hope and weaving the thread that would help bring a son of the House home again someday to those who loved him. As Anor crested the hilltops and bathed Imladris in the dawn, Aragorn turned his horse again and rode the music toward his destiny. The End A/N: The rules of the game were these: you could request a fic, but you had to write one as well. Seven of us participated as givers and receivers this year… we may do it again sometime! Here's what the constraints were: You specified a pairing, stated whether slash was acceptable or not, and what ratings you would like. Then you could state a desire for: things you didn't want included (Orcs, perhaps, or busted canoes?) , concepts you most assuredly DID want included, words or phrases you wanted to have show up, items that should appear somewhere in the tale, and any special extra notes (happy ending, no character death, etc.). Ellen's requests were for Lindir and Aragorn, slash, and any rating; NO clumsy or dirty Human clichés, no non-con, and no "weepy Lindir" syndrome. She asked that Lindir be a secret admirer of the young King-in-waiting, and that something of Lindir's past history be explicated. Words or phrases to include were wind chimes, blue slate, and "Can you not hear it?" Included Items were to be horses, a harp, a flute, and a brook. Her specific request was for angst to be a feature of the story, and for Aragorn to be depicted as confident and young, just about to head off on his own to try and learn more about himself and his destiny in the world. I leave it as an exercise to the reader, as to whether I have succeeded in this endeavor. I hope the occasional tear from our Minstrel does not make him weepy, but I suspect she was kicking against the frequent depiction of Lindir as a rather wishy-washy, weak character—not against a heartfelt musician occasionally letting a little drop wend its way down his cheek… Thanks for the chance to stretch myself, Ellen! I would never have thought of these two, but for this request—and they just ran off with my Muses! Jasta