a gown on and ran out of their chambers. "Undómiel!" Legolas and Elladan were rushing towards her. "Has he passed?" She did not reply as she fell against Legolas's chest and began sobbing. His hands soothed her as once hers had comforted him in his hour of loss. "What shall you do?" Elrohir asked her quietly as he joined her in the alcove. She had spent many a cherished time in the same alcove with her husband. She bit her inner cheek as she realized how deeply she had loved him. "I wish to leave the city." Her brittle voice must have probably struck a chord in him, for he reached to clasp her fingers gently. "He made provisions for you in his will." The fire of her house rose in her and she wrenched her hand away saying disdainfully, "I am not dependant on charity to survive, Lord Elrohir." He shook his head and said softly, "The last wish of your husband cannot be termed charity, Arwen." The sound of her name from his lips made her smile bitterly. How much had she lost? Long had it been since he had dared call her by her name. "He left a letter in my keeping. I was charged with handing it to you at the right time." " My dearest Undómiel, If you are reading this letter, then we must have been parted by the doom of my race. Know that I loved you in life, and I shall love you more after life if it is willed so. You have chosen this existence away from your race for repairing your father's sin. Have we not wrought a new beginning for Middle Earth? Consider your father absolved by your sacrifice. Find your happiness. Perhaps you may never sail. Once you told me that you loved the land of Lothlórien the most. I would not ask you to stay and witness the passing of our son. Go to Lothlórien and find your peace there. Under the leaves of the fading mallorn shall your minstrel await you. Ever, Estel." "Laiqua shall take you to Lothlórien, if you wish so." Elrohir rose from his seat and brushed his tunic. She looked up at him for the first time without regret marring her expression. He sighed and ran a hand through his hair saying quietly, "I wish you well, Arwen." "Will you sail?" she asked him tentatively. "After Eldarion's rule is established, I shall." He smiled thinly. "I once swore an oath to you; that I would see your sacrifice did not go in vain." "Will you ever forgive me?" she asked quietly, her resignation darkening her gaze. "I would not have wished upon my greatest foe what you have endured over these years, Arwen." She nodded mutely, staring at the flowing hand that had graced the parchment; the last legacy that her husband had left her. She walked slowly along the curving banks of the Nimrodel. Here it had been that a young Legolas had found her unconscious a lifetime ago. She smiled wistfully as she remembered how she had quaked in fear when she was presented before Galadriel. Galadriel and Legolas had sailed. She remained the only Noldo who had not. It had always been her choice. In these lands, her forefathers had bled and died. In these lands had come her greatest days of joy. She could not bear the thought of leaving Middle Earth. A low, haunting tune played on a lyre stirred her out of her pensive memories. Before her, seated on a rock overhanging the river was Daeron, his eyes warm and pure as they greeted her. She laughed nervously before running to his side. He rose and caught her by the waist. The light that shone in his eyes revived the fire that had long burnt into cinders within her. The guilt that wracked her each time when Aragorn had embraced her vanished now. Her laughter was carefree as he brought his lips down to blow a feathery kiss to the crook of her neck. "Undómiel," he whispered, his musical tones soothing her doubts. She was no stand-in for whom he had grieved in madness. There was no duty to repair the wrongs of her father. There was no onus to maintain pretense. All that mattered was this strange feeling of belonging that warmed her as he held her close. They danced and sung in Lothlórien. The magnificent mellyrn were slowly fading. Arwen knew that the mystical city of Celeborn and Galadriel would soon become but a tale in the lore of men. She would fade with it. A calloused finger traced the length of her nose. She smiled and turned to face him. She would not fade alone. "I don't deserve this," she confessed quietly. "Undómiel…" He leant on an elbow to look down at her reclining figure. "Very few people get exactly what they deserve." Her conscience told her that it was not right. Her instincts told her that it was the only path ahead. She smiled at him and clasped his hand for reassurance. Love had no place for conscience. References(Canon): The Silmarillion, The Lord of the Rings and the ever handy HoME. References: Arwen's ancestry: The Song of Sunset The 3rd age: Chapter 44, 45 Arwen's choice to marry Aragorn: Chapter 59 Elrohir-Lindir: 'A Requited Secret' Legolas-Elladan: 'Forbearance', 'Inception' Legolas-Éowyn: 'Lowering The Shield', 'Forbearance' Arwen's ancestry in The Song of Sunset Mother's side: Melian, Thingol - Lúthien, Beren - Nimloth, Dior - Elured - Eleriel (mother) Father's side: Míriel, Finwë - Nerdanel, Fëanor - Curufin - Celebrimbor (father) Arwen does not have the legacy of Elwing and Eärendil. She cannot choose mortality. Daeron - Minstrel and chief loremaster of Doriath during Thingol's rule. The Silmarillion states that he loved Lúthien. " But Daeron the minstrel also loved Lúthien, and he espied her meetings with Beren, and betrayed them to Thingol." (Quoted from The Silmarillion) The verse quoted above- The Sonnets of William Shakespeare.