the exercise consists of seeing how you can keep to the letter of the law while completely ignoring its spirit." The Elf's fingers found the tree trunk. "I am not permitted to ask you for help or suggest that you offer it… But I am free to seek the assistance of trees and birds and animals and opposing teams." "None of which I am." "No, but if I spoke to the tree and gave it a task, and you later happened to speak to the same tree and offered to help…" "And the opposing teams?" Glorfindel asked. "How do we obtain their aid?" Legolas laughed. "In truth, my lord, I rather think they might be assisting each other against us ." "Should I be worried?" Legolas only patted the tree and smiled. Corollary to Rule Number Nine: Although permitted, it is considered bad form to ask trees to drop opposing players. "Lady Arwen!" Arwen turned, trying to suppress her guilty flush. Lord Thorontur was frowning at her. "You should not be here. It is not entirely safe, and Master Elrond did not want you participating." "I am not participating," Arwen assured him. "I am only here to observe. Legolas explained that it is forbidden for non-participants to render any form of assistance –" "I do not doubt he did," Thorontur interrupted. "And I have trained young warriors long enough to know that they are always trying to find ways to see how far they can bend the rules." He smiled. "In truth, I encourage it. This is not a game. It is training, and the Enemy will adhere to no code of conduct. All the same, I cannot allow you to risk injury." "But if I choose to walk in the woods…" Arwen trailed off when she realized there was no point. "Why did Legolas send you here?" "He said there was no rule against giving his treasure to a non-participant, provided he can produce it at the end of the game." Thorontur laughed. "You do not have it, do you?" Arwen could not help smiling. "I do not." "I will tell you a secret, Lady Arwen." The older Elf's answering smile was conspiratorial. "It has been decades – possibly centuries – since Rochendilwen realized that, and my young warriors have been following that principle ever since. If I were to guess, I would say that all three of them have entrusted their treasures to whatever birds could carry them, and they are safely in high nests where Elven hands can never reach." "Why?" "Victory has never been the point of Esgalorne. What I want is to see how well they do tracking, how quick they are on the draw, and how easily they can conceal themselves in the trees. I can see that just as well without them taking the trouble of carrying the daggers about." "But then… When will it end?" "That depends. Today it will end when I have decided they have exhausted themselves enough that they will keep out of trouble tomorrow." Somewhere in the forest, there was a thump and a torrent of mingled Sindarin, Quenya and Westron that made Arwen's eyes widen. Even Thorontur looked impressed. "I had no idea your brother could question an Elf's parentage in that many languages." "My father will have his ears if he hears." "We will be grateful, then, that he cannot." Thorontur cocked his head, listening. "If they have already progressed to having each other flung to the ground, I will be able to call a halt soon. I doubt your father's healers want to deal with broken bones." Rule Number Ten: If, after a reasonable time has passed, no team has claimed victory, the judges may, at their discretion, call an end to the exercise. "I am not sorry it is over," Rochendilwen sighed. "I thought it would be easier here, with so few participants, but it was more complicated. And those treacherous trees!" "The trees in Eryn Galen are just as biased in Legolas' favour," protested Elrohir. "Aye," Saeldur said. "But we expect it of them ." "Where is Legolas, in any case?" Rochendilwen muttered, pushing away her untouched wine. "What could the King possibly want with him that could take this long?" "I am sure he is perfectly safe," Elrohir said. "Elladan went with him, and it is unlikely any harm could come to anyone in the middle of a council in Imladris." Rochendilwen grimaced. "Oh, I know he will be safe. I just…" "I know," Saeldur said as she trailed off. "I am not happy about it either." Almost on cue, the door to the sitting-room opened, and Elladan entered, closely followed by Legolas. Elrohir, Saeldur and Rochendilwen all spoke at once, demanding what had happened, but Elladan only shook his head. "You do not want to know." Legolas nodded assent. "I think they only summoned us to put an end to the exercise before one of the Men was injured –" "And of course when the Master of Imladris and the King of the Woodland Realm decide to invent reasons to keep us occupied they can be most ingenious," Elladan finished. "So long as that is all it was," Saeldur said. Legolas met his eyes, and Elrohir was surprised to see something like apology in the Elf-prince's gaze. "I would not willingly have made you wait. I know how you feel about it." "At least you were finally allowed to leave," Saeldur went on with a wry smile, earning a laugh from Legolas. In response to Elladan's questioning glance, he added, "We were released from our oaths – Rochendilwen and I – for the duration of the exercise." Elrohir understood. Eryn Galen was a kingdom at war. Abruptly, Saeldur scrambled out of his chair and dropped to one knee. Rochendilwen followed a moment later. Neither spoke, but the bows that were held up for Legolas to take said more than words could. THE END What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!