and gasped. "You are not Baralin." "No," Legolas said, fighting not to flinch as the man came right up to the bedside. "I am not." "But then... You must be Prince Legolas!" the Dúnadan exclaimed, horror tingeing his voice on the last word. Legolas nodded. "Forgive me, ernil nîn . I did not mean to disturb you. I will go." He went swiftly to the door, but, before opening it, he turned back to the Elf. "Now that I have disturbed you, do you want anything?" "If you would draw the curtains... Forgive me; I do not know your name." Legolas had not planned to ask the man for help, but the words came out of his mouth before he could stop them. He only had time for the barest sense of astonishment at himself; then the man said, "Of course, my prince. My name is Suldal." In the light that flooded into the room Legolas could see Suldal more clearly. He was not as fair as an Elf, nor as noble in his bearing, but there was just as much sympathy and concern in his eyes as there had been in Elrond's earlier. Legolas was no judge of men's ages, especially not when it came to Dúnedain, but this one had probably seen at least a century and a half. When the man had finished, he stepped away from the window, seeming to study Legolas as closely as Legolas was studying him. The silence was rapidly growing uncomfortable "You sought someone else?" Legolas asked in a desperate attempt to break it. "Aye, Prince Legolas, one of my men. He was injured and we brought him here for healing... He is in the room beside this one. I'm so sorry, I should have been careful. I –" "Do not apologize," Legolas cut in. "It has happened to me in the past." A wide smile split the man's face. "I could wish I had met you under more propitious circumstances, my prince. I believe we might have been friends." Legolas repressed a shudder as the man came to the bedside again, this time seating himself in one of the chairs by the bed. He found himself wishing Elrond or one of the twins would come to check on him – the man seemed friendly, but the young Elf did not want to be left alone with him. It was too soon after his encounter with the brigands. The man seemed to sense what he was thinking. "Lord Elrohir told us some of what happened... I am truly sorry that you should have received such inhuman treatment at the hands of my race, Prince Legolas. This may be difficult for you to believe at the moment, but most of us have respect and affection for the Eldar." The man held out his hand. Legolas hesitated, not quite able to bring himself to take it. The man who had captured him had been just as friendly to begin with. Then he looked up into Suldal's face. There was no deception there: it was open, the man's eyes clear and bright. Still Legolas hesitated. He could not forget what had happened, not with his arm and shoulder still bound and his ribs aching... But if he let a few men taint his view of all the Secondborn, surely he was no better than the men who had tortured him only because he was an Elf. Making up his mind, the Elf-prince drew in a deep breath and grasped Suldal's forearm in a warriors' greeting. The door opened again, this time without a warning knock. Elladan came in, stopping short when he saw Suldal and fixing him with an accusing glare that made even Legolas draw back a little. The man laughed nervously. "Forgive me, my lord. I came in looking for Baralin, and I could not resist staying to make Prince Legolas' acquaintance... It is not often that I meet a Sindarin prince, and even rarer that I meet an Elf who has seen fewer summers than I have." He got to his feet, edging around Elladan to the door. "It was a pleasure to meet you, Your Highness. I will go now. Mayhap we will meet again." Elladan watched the door until it shut behind Suldal. Then he seated himself on the edge of the bed. "Perhaps you are more of an adult than we give you credit for, Elfling." Excerpt from Letter from Glorfindel to Círdan The Dúnadan insisted on spending time with Legolas on the archery ranges every day. (Not that I blamed him, mind you – the Elfling can shoot. It's a pleasure to watch him.) He had an unfortunate habit of telling Legolas stories from his youth. Well, you know the trouble men can get into... All I say is that I don't want to be Thranduil when Legolas returns to Eryn Galen with his head full of thoughts of mischief. For that matter, I don't want to be Suldal if Thranduil ever catches him. Legolas never saw Suldal after that summer, but over the centuries he met other men and learnt that they were capable of courage and nobility and greatness of heart. Some years – a short time, as the Eldar reckon these things – before the end of the Third Age of Middle-earth he was introduced to another man, the foster-son of Lord Elrond, with whom he shared something more than a light acquaintance. Between them was one of the greatest friendships ever known between Elf and Man, a friendship to rival that of Túrin Turambar and Beleg Cúthalion. Elvish Translations Quenya Áva quetë, Valarauco! – Be quiet, Balrog! Sindarin Ada – Dad/Daddy Nana – Mum/Mummy Tithen pen – Little one Le hannon – Thank you Ellon – Male Elf H îr nîn – My lord Penneth – Young one Gwador – (Sworn) brother Sîdh – Peace Tolo – Come Mae – Well Ernil nîn – My prince What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!