laborer yelled their thanks. Women in blue wool threw handkerchiefs to the knights while their young daughters tossed flowers and their sons waved. Victor smiled at the warm welcome. Even after a tiring battle where half his men had been lost the cheers of the people and the smiling children could always lift his spirits… His mind wondered back to the battle that still haunted him… the battle that had killed all those men. Victor's eyes strayed back into his nightmare. If he had been less focused on the past, Victor might have noticed that something was amiss in the here and now. The group had made their way to the castle and the king himself stepped towards them. They kneeled down before him and anxiously awaited his thanks. Yet, a word of thanks never escapes his lips. The palace doors slam shut. The startled men jump to their feet. Failbin runs to the door and tries to move it but even his Hakabankian strength cannot open it. "Welcome back my knights," boomed the king's voice. "I had not expected you back so soon." Victor took the jewel out of his pocket and was about to hand it to the king when the king reproached him. "Do you really think I ever wanted some silly trinket? I am the king of a prosperous kingdom! Why would I need such a thing?" "Is that not why you sent us on that mission?" Asked Samuel with slow words and a sheen of shock in his eyes. "The mission was a decoy you fool! I let those greedy Hakabanks raid the land to distract you. They agreed to keep you busy while I used the new chaos to declare a time of crisis! I now have unlimited power! As soon as the people hear that Hakabanks tunneled to the castle and killed all my best knights who bravely defended me, they will be even more scared and willing to give me anything!" The king smiled cruelly and drew a knife from deep with in his sleeve. "Now all that is left is to tie up all the loose ends." The king was about to stab Failbin. He stood over the Hakabank and started to thrust the blade down but he stopped midway and fell to the ground in agony. Zettia stood over the ruler with a knife in her hand. The blade gleamed red with the king's blood. Victor stared at the girl in shock. "You killed the king!" "He was about to kill us!" Failbin reminded Victor. The other knights nodded but Victor still looked troubled. "The commoners will not just accept that answer. We need proof." "The king had to have some form of communicated with the Hakabanks. If we look around I am sure we will find it," said Timothy with vigor. The knights searched high and low for any evidence but none could be found. No papers or tablets or even gold pieces with etchings, words, or symbols. They were about to give up hope when Victor ran up from the vault. "I found it! The answer was so obvious!" All of them clamored for an answer. "What do Hakabanks value more than anything?" Victor asked and paused to wait for an answer. "Stones." Victor held up a giant ruby with a carving of stick figures and more of the card's writing. Failbin looked through and saw that the stone was indeed telling the Hakabanks of the knights and told of the whole plan in detail. Zettia and her evidence were brought before the villages' judges. They stared at her with scrutiny. One judge would ask a simple question like," Where are you from?" And before she could answer another question would be asked. After a dozen or so of these questions, Zettia stopped trying to answer. Finally the questions stopped as the judge with a long grey beard asked for the evidence to be brought up. The judges nodded and murmured amongst themselves. At the end of the day a decision was reached. With no doubt of the authenticity of the evidence she was found innocent. The entire kingdom heard the story of the king's betrayal. They retold it boldly in market places and squares as well as in the quiet of their homes. The citizens told the story with reverence at dinners and as jokes to the children. The story became more than a story because it was true. The knights who completed the mission were just men. They could have been anyone! The knights never outsmarted the king. They just happened to be in the right place. Still, the knights taught the citizens of Vator a valuable lesson: any one can be a hero! The party didn't just reveal a tyrannical ruler; they brought hope to the kingdom. The citizens wanted to express their thankfulness to the knights, Zettia, and Failbin. The villagers wanted each of the group members to feel appreciated. All farmers know that no part is too small. The kingdom was forever grateful and the citizens wanted to express just that. The first step was declaring a new king. The heroes were given the honor of choosing the future ruler. The courts even gave Zettia citizenship, made Failbin his own statue and declared a holiday on each of the knights' birthdays! Hakabanks never bothered the kingdom under the reign of their new king: Samuel! Samuel used his reason and patients to become a good ruler. Under his guidance, a trading rout was set up with the Hakabanks. The creatures valued gold and jewels and Vator had plenty of those things. The Hakabanks quickly traded weapons… and even warriors. The Hakabankian warriors became the greatest mercenaries ever known. Yet, not all Hakabanks loved war. Some were farmers and others started families. Failbin and Zettia started their own family and helped set up Hakabankian farming communities above the holes. The two cultures became one and lived life peacefully together… For the time being any way.