for the party. His best waistcoat and trousers had been donned and his pocket watch had been polished 'til it gleamed. "The party begins in half an hour and you three ragamuffins come bursting in, soaked to the bone and half-naked! Really Frodo, I'm disappointed in you," said Bilbo brusquely. "I'm terribly sorry uncle. We lost track of time, I'm afraid. We'll get ready as quick as we can," replied Frodo sheepishly. The three scurried off under the close scrutiny of Bilbo's ever-watching eyes. Pippin ran a hot bath for Anna while he and Frodo went off in search of some suitable clothes to wear. She shut and locked the bathroom door behind her, stripping off her damp, cold clothes and lowering herself into the hot water with a sigh. As she was washing her hair, a small, sharp knock sounded at the door. "Who is it?" called Anna, her voice echoing around the room. "Erm, it's Pippin. Frodo and I found some clothes for you. May I come in?" "Well, I'm not really decent at the moment. Just leave the clothes outside the door." "Right-o." He placed the clothes down on the floor and sauntered off, whistling. Anna finished up her bath, grabbed a towel and hopped out, crossing the room and unlocking the door. Checking to see no one was in the passage; she clutched the towel to her chest and scooped up the clothing, disappearing back into the bathroom. She looked through the clothing to see what the hobbits had picked out for her. A dark green, knee-length floral dress and a light, silky blouse were the main articles in the pile. She also found a small leather drawstring bag that contained two green hair ribbons, a hairbrush and a necklace with a golden flower pendant. They had given her a singlet-like top and a pair of short bloomers too. She put on the undergarments and shirt easily enough, but the dress was something else. She discovered that the bodice and skirt were two separate pieces that were joined together with several hard-to-reach buttons. Eventually she wrestled the dress on, and, smoothing herself out, she glanced at the back of the dress in the mirror. Damn. Laces. "Come on Anna! We're going to be late!" called Frodo from the hall. "Yep! Coming as quick as I can!" she answered back. Sod the stupid dress , I need to fix my hair, she thought ruefully. She hastily combed out her hair into two sections, putting it into two thick braids which she fastened with the ribbons. She put on the necklace quickly and scampered out of the bathroom, blowing out the few candles that had been lit on her way. "Good, you're here. Bilbo's already gone on ahead. If we're quick we'll be able to catch them halfway through the dancing," said Frodo, smiling at Anna quickly before ducking out the door. Pippin looked Anna up and down. "Gosh, umm…you look great!" he said, blushing furiously. "Thanks. You're not looking too shabby yourself. But I couldn't do the back of the dress up. Do you think you could?" she replied. "Of course! Turn around." Anna complied. Pippin laced her dress up quickly and tightly. Then, with his arm around her waist in a friendly way, he escorted her out into the warm summer night. When they arrived at Party Field, the village was in full swing. Bright lights and colourful bunting were strung from tree to tree. Tents with tables fully laden with mountains of food were strewn about the place. A circle had been cleared in the middle of the area. Around it were roughly hewn wooden benches that were crowded with elderly hobbits. They were stamping their feet and clapping their hands in time to the music, laughing joyfully as they watched the younger hobbits dancing about in the circle. A broad smile broke out across Pippin's face. "Would you care for a dance?" he asked Anna cheerfully. "I would love to," she replied. The two linked arms and joined the crush, hopping and jumping about with all the other happy dancers. Anna towered over all the hobbits and Pippin's hand could barely reach her shoulder, but she didn't care. Such was her euphoria. They danced on until Bilbo, the guest of honour, made his appearance. He hopped nimbly up onto the podium to make his speech. "C'mon, let's go find somewhere else to sit. I can't be bothered hearing his chatter," said Pippin quietly to Anna, his eyes glinting in the moonlight. "Okay." They scampered quietly off up the hill, sitting down on a rock. Fireworks crackled and flashed in the night sky, no doubt a bit of Gandalf's handiwork. Pippin watched Anna closely. She seemed transfixed, almost mesmerised by the brilliant display of pyrotechnics. Summoning up all of his courage, he slid closer to her and gave her a small peck on the cheek. She immediately broke out of her trance and backed away from Pippin in surprise. "Oi! What do you think you're doing?" she exclaimed, a mixture of shock and a tiny bit of pleasure on her face. "Uh, well…" said Pippin, rubbing the back of his neck nervously, "I've been wanting to do that for a little while now. You're just so….different to all the girls I know. You're funny, outspoken, bold, and really quite beautiful." "Well, thanks, I suppose. But give me a little warning next time." "So you're saying that there's going to be a next time, are you?" he said cheekily. "Maybe…" "Is that a yes maybe or a no maybe?" She laughed at that, and, a broad smile across her face, she leaned in and planted a small but firm kiss on his grinning mouth. He reciprocated, breaking off the kiss after a time to whisper into her ear: "Why don't you stay in Hobbiton a while, Anna?" He leaned back and smiled up at her, waiting for her reply. "Maybe I will, Pippin." "Maybe I will."