to you and to your realm. I sent him because he is one of the few Elves I know who has never sought power nor desired it." Thranduil said nothing, but he continued to advance. Elrond backed away until he felt the unyielding trunk of a tree behind him. "Thranduil, he has been introducing himself all this while as only a member of the Fellowship, at best as an archer of your realm. I had to be certain. When even Mithrandir said he could not touch the Ring for fear of being tempted, when the Ring was being carried by a Halfling who would have been no match for even the most inexperienced of Elven warriors, I had to be certain that the representative of our race would not be tempted to take it." Thranduil's lips twitched, but he did not smile. " Our race? You are a Noldo." Elrond let out a long breath. "For now I lay claim to the Sindarin part of my lineage and ask you to refrain from spilling the blood of a kinsman." Thranduil shrugged and tucked his knives into his belt again, but Elrond did not like his contemplative expression. "So be it, then. I shall save my grievances against you to tell Celebrían when next I see her." About to go, he turned with a smile that Elrond had seen all too often on Legolas' face and learnt to dread. "Rest assured, I shall also be telling her the precise number of days Legolas had to spend away from his Ada and in daily peril of his life on account of your ineptitude." "Thranduil!" Elrond protested, his voice almost a wail. Minas Tirith, Mid-Year's Day, Year 3019 of the Third Age "Are all Elvish weddings like that?" Pippin asked curiously as the Hobbits, Gimli and Legolas made their way up to their quarters. "To an extent," Legolas responded with a smile. "Although some of the rites we saw were those of the Dúnedain, not those of the Elves." He reached up to adjust his hood, still uncertain whether the Men would welcome an Elf in their midst, although they all knew what he was now. "Did you enjoy it, Master Peregrin?" "It was beautiful. I only wish Lord Elrond had not looked so sad at the end." Three voices gave vent to loud, horrified whispers of, " Pippin! " as the young Hobbit's companions variously elbowed him and trod on his foot, while casting apologetic glances in the direction of the Elf. Legolas smiled. "There is no need to torment him so. I am not offended. Lord Elrond was grieved, Master Peregrin, because he will soon sail for the Blessed Realm and he will then see his daughter no more." That occasioned a sudden hush, broken at last by Gimli's gruff voice. "And now I suppose you'll be eager to rush off to your ships and the other side of the Sundering Sea as well, Elf?" Legolas was not in the least deceived by the studied indifference in his friend's tone. "Indeed, no, Master Dwarf. I have heard the call of the Sea, but Aragorn has my word that I will wait out the years of his life in Middle-earth. You will all be able to enjoy my company for some time, I hope; but in the end I must sail to the Undying Lands, as must all my people, now that our time here has ended." "It will be a darker world without the fair folk," Pippin said in a small voice. "Perhaps not that dark if there are some little folk to cheer it." Legolas patted the Hobbit's shoulder. "Come, my friend, this is no time for despondency. The Elves have little time left here as my people reckon things, but it will still be long years before my kind are no longer seen this side of the Sea." By this time they had reached the corridor along which the Fellowship had their apartments. Legolas opened the first door to the left, stepping back to allow the Hobbits to stream in ahead of him. When they stopped short with gasps of shock and surprise, he followed, drawing a knife as he did. " Sîdh , Thranduilion," a voice said. "I have already been attacked by one member of the ruling line of Eryn Lasgalen this year. I have no desire to increase the tally." "Lord Elrond!" Legolas slid his knife back into its sheath and stepped forward eagerly. "You saw Ada ? How is he?" "He is very well, penneth ," the Elf-lord said. He glanced at the others before adding in Quenya, "He is so energetic, in fact, that he nearly managed to decapitate me before I could persuade him that I had not been bribed by his enemies to send you on the quest." Legolas heard a soft chuckle behind him, and turned to see Elladan and Elrohir in the doorway. " You I will send to Thranduil to explain yourselves," the Elf-lord growled. "So you need not be so amused, my foolish sons. But that I can accomplish once everything has calmed down. You , on the other hand, Legolas, are returning home to your father this very day!" "But my lord –" " No buts!" Elrond snapped. "If I had not been quick on my feet your father would have had my ears! You will get on a horse today ; whether you do so willingly or unwillingly is your choice." Legolas felt a tug on his elbow. "I think we should go," Elrohir hissed in his ear. "Give Ada time to calm down." In less than a second the three ellyn had vanished, leaving behind four astonished Hobbits, an amused Dwarf, and one very angry Elf-lord. Sindarin Translations: Man sa? - What is it? Ada – Dad/Daddy Daeradar – Grandfather Daernaneth – Grandmother S î dh – Peace Penneth – Young one Ellyn – Male Elves What did you think? Good? Bad? Terrible? Please review!