me to the questions of who he was, and why was he here. I decided to advance my progress in this area, and at least get a name. I waved my hand in front of his face while I said, "Excuse me. Pardon me?" He turned to look at me as a slightly annoyed expression crossed his face. Okay, we established he didn't like to be interrupted while watching his program. "Okay, yeah. This will just take a moment," I smiled my most charming smile, "What's your name?" I pointed to him. "Name? Oh, uh. My name is Susan," I pointed to myself, "Susan. And you are?" I pointed back to him. He just gave me a blank look. I sighed inwardly, "Susan." I repeated pointing to myself, "Susan. And you are?" I pointed back at him. A look of dawning understanding flit across his face as he pointed to me, "Su-san." He stumbled over the pronunciation. He pointed to himself, "Hal-dur." He gently rolled his 'r'. "Haldur," I repeated, pointing at him. "Susan," I pointed back to myself. Looking terribly pleased with himself, he repeated, "Haldur," rolling the 'r' again, and then pointing to me, "Susan." "Yes," I clapped my hands happily, "Now for the hard question. Why are you here?" I lost him again, as he stared at me blankly. "Susan," he responded helpfully. I tried not to laugh, "Yes, Susan. Very good." I stood up, "Well. I think that takes care of the question and answer session for the evening. I'm gonna start dinner. Stay where you are," I motioned to him to stay seated as I got up and walked into my kitchen. He stared after me for a moment before he returned his attention back to the television, which was now showing 'Maya & Miguel'. This lost Haldur's interest, so he picked up the remote and pressed the button I showed him, flipping through the channels at a mind-numbing speed. He reminded me of my middle nephew, who couldn't just sit and watch a show, but had to change the channels every five minutes at a machine gun pace. He finally settled on a re-run of 'Oprah', becoming engrossed in the topic of men feeling rejected in the bedroom. Shaking my head at his odd viewing habits; I pulled out the chicken I had marinating in fridge and selected some fresh veggies I had purchased at the market the day before. I had lucked out at the Granville Island market, finding baby asparagus and sweet carrots, as well as peas in the pod. I decided on asparagus and carrots to pair with the chicken, and I would make up rice pilaf as a bed. While I busied myself making dinner, I heard Haldur repeat phrases he heard on the TV. I just about sliced my finger open when I heard him repeat, "I have needs she just doesn't understand." I laughed quietly in the kitchen, trying not to be heard as I finished putting the chicken in the oven and turning on the steamer for the rice and vegetables. Pulling a couple of bottled waters out of the fridge, I walked back into the living room, uncapping them as I went. Haldur was sitting on the couch, raptly watching Oprah giving her vaunted opinion to the masses. I handed an open bottle to Haldur, and took a sip from my own. Haldur watched me drink and then took a tentative sip from his own bottle. Some water dribbled down his chin as he got the hang of drinking from a bottle. Peculiar. I wondered if there were bottles where he came from. He was handling this marvellously, if he wasn't local. Come to think of it, I was pretty calm about the whole thing too. It was a little odd. Not that I'm a panicky person anyways. I'm good in a crisis and remain calm under some pretty dire circumstances, but then I couldn't really say if I would handle being alone in a strange land all that well. Especially if it wasn't my idea. It gave me something else to mull over, besides where my guest was from, why he was here, and why the hell I was having these repetitive dreams. Dinner soon buzzed readiness, and I pulled the chicken out of the oven and spooned rice onto the plates, placing the chicken on top. Arranging the vegetables, I then picked up the plates and brought them to the dining table. I moved back into the kitchen to get the cutlery and drinks, and motioned to Haldur to come eat. He seemed grateful for the meal, and ate everything up, cleaning his plate in good speed. I offered another helping, and watched him comprehend my offer. He quickly nodded, and I got up to get him another plate. He made short work of that one too. So much for leftovers for lunch tomorrow. The evening was quiet, as my guest didn't have much to say. Well, nothing that I understood at any rate. I took Roxy out for her evening constitutional and came back to Haldur reclining on the couch staring into nothingness. The closing of the door startled him into the present, and he leapt off the couch, crouching in a battle stance. Seeing it was only me and Roxy, he settled back down on the couch. I got Roxy calmed down and myself ready for bed. I felt awkward padding out into the living room in my PJ's, but I had to give him bedding for the night. I found him sprawled out on the couch, pillows on the floor and boots lying neatly beside the foot of the couch. I gently pulled a blanket over him, turned down the A/C and flicked off the lights before I left the room. I mentally went over the grocery list for the next day as I fell asleep. Toothbrush. Haldur would definitely need a toothbrush. I fell asleep to dreams of dental hygiene.