prisoner – your son. We tried to save him, but there were too few of us and too many orcs. They eluded us and we gave chase, but at last, they gained the southern reaches of the forest, where the Shadow is darkest. The trees cannot aid us there as they do in the north; the Enemy stifles their power. We had then no hope of saving him. The southern reaches are crawling with orcs and giant spiders all the way to Dol Guldur, where your son was being taken." There was a sudden noise, and Legolas looked up to see Hiron standing in the doorway. He had evidently heard most of the conversation. The Elf bowed his head and went on. "If Elves are taken, and there is no hope of rescue, we usually end their lives before they are out of reach of our arrows. The close kin of our warriors all know this, and consent to it. A swift death is better than slow torture in the dungeons of the Enemy, and from Dol Guldur there is no escape. We did not know who your son was, and we had no way of finding out before it was too late... So I took the decision myself." He met the eyes of the woman opposite him. "Forgive me, my lady. I know this must cause you grief, and I have no solace to offer, save only that he did not suffer." Her eyes were bright with tears. "Do not ask my forgiveness, Master Elf. It was not your fault that my son ran away, nor that he was taken by orcs." "My wife speaks truly," Hiron said, coming into the room. "I... I do not deny that this breaks my heart, but it would have been far worse to know that my son had died in torment in the shadowed lands to the south." "What happened to his body?" his wife whispered. "We buried him in the forest, as we do to all warriors who die far from home, and planted a beech at his head. It must be a strong sapling by now. I know this is not your custom, but –" "Peace, Master Elf," the woman replied softly. "He was buried with honour, and I am content." Legolas managed a smile. "Thank you, my lady. Even among Elves not all would not be so understanding." He hesitated, and then added, "Should you wish to visit your son's final resting place... My king does not normally permit outsiders into our forest, and I would not recommend making the journey now. But, in a more peaceful year, if you go to the borders of the woodland realm and tell the guards that you are friends of Legolas, you will be allowed to enter." She glanced at her husband and then back at him. "Thank you... Legolas. Do not be troubled about this. We do not blame you, and you have our gratitude." Imladris, After the Council of Elrond "So this is the quest," Legolas said. He and Aragorn were sitting together under the trees, Legolas looking up at the stars and Aragorn staring moodily at the ground. "Aye," the human said laconically. "And you are going with the Halfling." "Aye." Legolas nodded. "That settles it, then. I am coming with you." Aragorn stared at him. " Ada will never let you put yourself in danger like that! And Elladan has very specific instructions from your father to prevent you from doing anything reckless and dangerous – like volunteering to cross the Misty Mountains –" "Because of course I did not cross the Hithaeglir on my way here –" "And go to Mordor?" Legolas chuckled. "Leave that to me, tithen pen . I have not known your father for two and a half thousand years without knowing how to get around him." "I do not want you to come just for my sake!" Slowly, Legolas shook his head. "I would willingly come only for your sake, gwador n în , but I have other cause as well. There is a young adan child who deserves to grow up in a safer world than her brother did, and a woman who must visit the final resting place of her son." "What happened, Elfling?" Aragorn asked. "Is this something to do with who patched you up after you escaped the orcs?" Legolas nodded. His friend slipped an arm around his shoulders and said, "Tell me, tithen gwador ." For several minutes the only sounds were the wind shaking the branches overhead and the soft murmur of an Elven voice. At the end of it, Aragorn glanced at Legolas. "And are you troubled, Elfling?" "No... I have had to do it before. There was no choice. And... his naneth reacted much better than some. I was terrified that she would not understand that it had been for the best, for her son." Aragorn smiled, pulling the Elf into a quick hug. "So you are coming on the quest?" "Only if I can persuade Lord Elrond." Aragorn snorted. "We both know that you will be able to do that without difficulty. I will be glad to have your company , gwador nîn . " Then he glanced in the direction of the house. "And now we should go inside, before they send out a search party." Legolas nodded and got to his feet, pulling the Man up with him. " Tolo. " "Legolas?" "Yes?" " Le hannon. I would not have had you believe that Men must be either Dúnedain, Nazgûl or diplomats who come to conduct trade negotiations." Sindarin Translations Daro! – Stop! Gwanno ereb nin! – Leave me alone! Ellon – Male Elf Mellon nîn – My friend Ada – Dad/Daddy Gwador nî n – My (sworn) brother Elleth – Female Elf Tithen pen – Little one Le hannon – Thank you Penneth – Young one Naneth – Mother Tolo – Come Good? Bad? Please let me know what you think.