define 'shoot straight', Elfling, you will be spending the next few decades thinking I am still suffering the ill-effects of this Orc attack." "You see? You admit it! You will be suffering the ill-effects for years." "When I am King of Gondor, I will have you thrown in the dungeons until you admit that you are an unreasonable child." Eryn Galen, Several Centuries Ago It took Thranduil longer than he expected to find the plant the man had requested. When he finally returned, Legolas was just beginning to stir. "You are here," the man said, looking up with a smile. "Good. I did not expect him to wake so soon – apparently it does not have as strong an effect on Elves. I have stitched his wounds. I do not think there will be a problem, but you should take him to your own healers as soon as you can." Thranduil nodded. "I – I do not know how to thank you –" "Do not try, Master Elf," the man said, smiling. "I am a father. I know how terrifying it can be to see a child hurt. I could not have lived with myself if I had not offered you aid." Legolas stirred again, and he added, "See to your son. He will want you when he wakes. I expect he will have no memory of this encounter later – he has been unconscious through most of it." "Can I pick him up?" "It should do no harm if you are careful." Thranduil bent and scooped Legolas up gently. The Elfling's eyes flickered open. Thranduil hummed a snatch of a lullaby. Legolas' fist closed around a handful of his father's tunic as he snuggled up to his shoulder and dozed off. Thranduil supported his son with one arm, reaching out with the other to grasp the man's hand. "Thank you. I do not know if I will ever meet you again – it is unlikely, because my wife will probably kill me when she sees him." He paused, reached up to his throat, and disengaged a gold brooch, engraved with the symbol of Greenwood, that hung from the clasp of his cloak. "I cannot hope to repay you for what you have done for my son, but perhaps you will keep this as a token of my gratitude." The man took the brooch Thranduil held out, but his eyes stayed on the Elf's. "Many things are said about your Elven-king," he said abruptly. "There was a time when I did not know what to believe, but… The child would not trust you this much if you were as cold and unfeeling as the stories say." Thranduil stared, and the man smiled. "Take care of him, Your Majesty. Goodbye." Somewhere Between Mirkwood and the Misty Mountains The healer rewrapped the bandages around Aragorn's wounds, looking from the drowsy man to the hooded figure hovering anxiously beside the bed. "He is healing much faster than I expected. He should be fit to travel soon, but I would let him sleep the day out. The rest is clearly doing him good. I do not think you will need me again, but send someone for me if he gets worse. I doubt it will be necessary." Legolas nodded. "Thank you." The man got to his feet and began putting his things back in his belt pouch. It slipped suddenly from his fingers, spilling its contents onto the floorboards. With an annoyed exclamation, he knelt to pick it up. "Let me help you," Legolas offered, walking around to the other side of the bed. When he got there, a glint of gold among the small packages of herbs and the rolls of bandages caught his eye. He stopped short, staring, his fingers going unconsciously to the clasp of his cloak. Aragorn, leaning over to see what had caught his friend's attention, spotted the object as well. He came to full wakefulness at once, quickly seizing the jug from the bedside table to use as a weapon if the man should show any signs of threatening Legolas. "You can put that down," the man said, finally getting his possessions together. "I mean him no harm." He got to his feet. "If I were going to give you away, Master Elf, I would have done so last night." Legolas lowered his hand, although Aragorn did not put the jug down. "Where did you get that?" "It has been in my family for generations – for centuries, by some accounts. It is said that one of my forefathers met an Elf in the forest and helped him in his hour of need, and was given this as a mark of the Elf's gratitude. I do not know if the story is true, but I have been told by those who have travelled that the engraving is the sigil of the Elven-king of Mirkwood." He looked at Legolas. "Truly, Master Elf, I mean you no harm. Many in this village hate your race, but I am not one of them. I would advise you to take off your brooch, though." Legolas nodded slowly. "I did not imagine that anyone would recognize it." He undid the brooch, paused, and placed it in the man's hands. The man looked at him in surprise. "Perhaps you have use for another one… as a token of my gratitude for what you have done for my brother." Several minutes later, after the healer had gone, Aragorn turned to Legolas. "Whom did he meet?" "I do not know," Legolas said, shaking his head. "One of the lords: no other would be wearing that. Thorontur or Arbellason, perhaps. I will have to ask Ada ." Sindarin Translations Yrch – Orcs Elleth – Female Elf Ada – Dad/Daddy Tithen pen – Little one Nana – Mum/Mummy Mellon n î n – My friend Gwador n î n – My (sworn) brother Ion n î n – My son What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!