"It was my mother's, her favorite." "Oh, lad," Andoore murmured, hugging him. Then the man stood and left Dan to his grief, all comfort already offered. Things around Karthinn had been quiet for almost two weeks when the mayor's daughter fell ill. Whatever illness plagued her, the local healer, Lothelawen, could do little for it. Shortly after, the mayor's wife, then a servant, fell ill. Three days passed, and the servant, who had had the disease the worst, died. Glaelia, the daughter, was very sick when Dan finally went to Lothelawen to offer to help. He went to her in her little shop. "Lothelawen? How are things, with the mayor?" "Not well, lad. I fear for Glaelia; she is very ill. And I think the mayor's fallin' sick as well." "Let me help? I- I have some healing skill. Please?" "Aye lad. I need all tha help I can get whilst I try tae save that poor lass." She nodded. "Aye, come with me, I was on ma way tae the mayor's now." Dan followed her, fetching and carrying for the healer whenever she needed things. His soft advice, well phrased as curious questions, likely saved Glaelia's life. However, the whole village was falling fast, and there was only so much Lothelawen could do. Finally, it was Andoore who suggested that they send for aid. A messenger was sent to "the Healer". Stories had been told for years of the elf that had healed the mayor many, many years ago, and everyone knew the tale. Surely that legendary healer could save them. It was two days after the messenger left that Dan started to feel ill. His case was not nearly as bad as everyone else's, though. He felt tired, achy, and he had a cough, but his fever stayed low, and he did not seem to be worsening, so he continued to fetch and carry for Lothelawen. Three days after that, the Healer arrived. Andoore, still healthy, but one of the few, met him at the gates. "My lord," he said. "We're so glad you could come." The regal elf smiled. "Of course. I'm called Elrond. Where is the village healer? I would speak with her." "Of course, My Lord. Follow me." Andoore led the way to Lothelawen's, the elf lord and two others following behind. The healing woman was thrilled to see the elf lord, and they spent all afternoon moving among the sick, the three elves bringing healing. Finally, they appeared done. "Is this everyone?" Elrond asked. "Well," Lothelawen said, thinking, "That's e'eryone but Dan. Andoore," she called across the road to the barracks, "Where's that boy of yer's gotten hisself to?" Andoore and Addramyr came out of the barracks. Addramyr spoke, offering, "I'll go look for 'im, sir." "Thanks," Andoore said. "Try the stables." The two elves that had helped heal the villagers had left, but now one returned. "Ada," he said breathlessly. "'Chaser is going crazy. I can't get him clamed down." "Andoore, Lothelawen, this is my son, Elrohir. What, Ion-nin?" "'Chaser. He's going crazy. The handlers can't calm him. I can't calm him." "I guess, have Glor take him outside the walls so that if he must be destructive, it won't be here. Ion-nin, we apparently have one more patient. Someone has gone to find him." "Ada, ask," Elrond's son swallowed. "Ask if they've seen Elladan." "Of course. Andoore, surely you'd know. My son, my eldest, went missing a few months ago. We don't know what happened to him. Has he come through here? He and Elrohir are twins." Andoore looked at the younger elf for a long moment, something niggling in the back of his mind. 'Nay," he said finally, unable to place the elf. "Ye look striking familiar, but no elf has come through here in many a season.'' Elrohir looked away, unable to hide his disappointment. Elrond said, "Thank you. We have looked everywhere, I had hoped," Elrond cut off, shaking his head. Just then a loud whinny cut the air. Elrohir groaned. "'Chaser!" The horse came barreling down the road, ignoring startled yelps, only halting when Elrohir stepped into his path. Hands akimbo, Elrohir began to lecture the horse in elvish. Andoore stared, agape. Misinterpreting his confusion, Elrond assured, "It's quite alright. Elrohir has a gift with horses. He helped train Stormchaser." Just then, Addramyr and Dan trotted up. "Andoore, you wanted…" Dan trailed off. Several things happened all at once. Stormchaser darted around Elrohir, Elrohir turned and saw Dan, and Dan yelped "Ada!" Then Stormchaser's nose was butting into Dan's chest, and Dan was hugging the horse, laughing with tears streaming down his face. He only let go of the horse when Elrohir tackled him in a hug, sending them both onto the ground, crying and laughing. Elrond could only stare, tears in his own eyes as his sons rolled on the ground, wrestling. "Ion-nin," he whispered. Then Elladan was up, and Elrond was hugging him, ignoring his tears, just so glad to see his son. Andoore smiled, understanding why Elrohir had looked so familiar. Dan's hair was shorter, but they truly were twins; only the red bandanna marked Elladan from Elrohir. He was glad Dan had found his family. Epilogue Elladan smiled as he rode into Imladris. It had been too long. Looking around, seeing the places his mother had loved, he no longer felt the pain of her departure, only the profound joy that she had been here, left him places, things by which to remember her. His hand touched the pendant hanging around his neck. The star-shaped gem was shining again, and like his memories of Celebrian, would never fade. "It's good to be home," he murmured. His twin, beside him grinned as they dismounted and handed their horses to the hostlers. "Race you to the baths!" Elrohir cried, pushing Elladan and bolting. Elladan yelped and gave chase. Elrond, watching, smiled. Things were back to normal in Imladris, now that his sons were here, causing trouble.