Soon her father scooped up her mother and they were dancing too. Lothiriel had the opportunity to dance with all of her brothers and even Alphros. It was almost midnight when they all finally retired to their bedrooms. Her room was warmed by a few logs in the fire place. Her personal help Roxie was poking at it to keep it going. "You can take off tonight if you'd like. I can manage on my own." "Yes ma'am, thank you." Roxie headed for the door. "Wait Roxie," Lothiriel caught her by the elbow, "did your brother come home today?" Roxie's blank expression faded and her mouth pulled down further than Lothiriel even knew someone's could. "Oh I'm so sorry Roxie. Go on home dear. I shouldn't need you until around lunch time tomorrow and once I leave, you're more than welcome to go back home." Instinctively she pulled Roxie into a hug and then kissed her on the cheek before she let her go. "Give your mother a hug for me." Roxie's mother had been her tutor and nurse when she was little, but now she was really too old to do work, but the rest of Roxie's sisters and her brother had been employed by her family. "Thank you Misses Lothiriel." Roxie ducked out of her room. Lothiriel sighed and slipped out of dress she had worn that day. Then in only her wisp of a slip she opened her wardrobe and pulled out the silk bag that was stuffed at the back. She untied the ribbons and let the bag fall to the floor and her dress flutter out into the open space. It needed to air out and let some of the creases uncrease so Roxie wouldn't have so much steaming to do tomorrow. It was still a beautiful dress despite the fact that it was two years old; it still smelled mildly like the dress shop she bought it from. Poor Roxie, the thought had hardly crossed her mind when she remembered Boromir. She pulled on her thick robe and climbed the stairs to the third floor then the fourth and out the window at the end of the hall onto the balcony. "What took you so long?" Faramir was sitting with his back against the house. "I was talking to Roxie." "Sent her home early?" She nodded and sat down next to him. "How did it happen?" "I don't know kid, I wasn't there. We got separated, well the Marines split us up. I got a telegram the next day. I got into some fights because I wanted to go get his body, I wanted find him, pull him out of that hell. We've got nothing to bury, we'll just put a headstone up for him." Lothiriel didn't realize she had stopped breathing until she sharply inhaled making a squeaking noise. Fumbling with her robe she finally located her cigarette case and book of matches. She lit one and took a long drag off of it. Smoking kept her from having to talk about this situation. Her cousin lying on some foreign field, some French family's back yard, rotting with hundreds of thousands of others, men whose lives would never be the same because like her there would forever be a void that no one could fill. Their lives would be defined by the "what ifs"; what if he came home, had kids, who would they have been? How would it have changed her life? Would one of her brothers have died to meet some quota of some Fate? It was all so useless. Then suddenly she felt a raging storm of hatred. Her mother always said "do not hate Lothiriel, it makes you age early." But right now she really just wanted to be angry. She would never be able to mourn the loss of Boromir. The poor could take a few days to cry then come to terms with their loss, but tomorrow she and her family would put on a face and go celebrate the return of a few, but never give credence to those who did not make the boat ride home. "When did that start?" Faramir asked breaking her free from whatever she was thinking. "Right after you all left. You know I adore mother but she can be a bit overwhelming when there are not three other children to use as buffers." He seemed to understand or at least not want to push the subject. "Mostly it gives me something to do." "I'm looking forward to tomorrow night." She turned her head to him, what a strange change of topic, abrupt no less. "And why is that?" She cooed, she was curious and she knew he was baiting her. "I'm supposed to meet someone there; someone special. I hope you like her." Lothiriel could not help but snap her head back at him. Of all the things she expected him to say that was not one of them. "Don't look so surprised. You act like I'm Amrothos, or something." Then Faramir did the strangest thing, he giggled. "Who are you exactly? And how does one meet a woman who will be at the Mayor's house, in war torn Europe?" She flicked her cigarette butt over the edge of the balcony. "I'm your dearest cousin and I'll tell you that story after you meet her. I don't want you going into this with any preconceived notions about who she is or what she is like." Lothiriel tried not to roll her eyes and yet was sorry that they were sitting in darkness since the gesture would have been utterly wasted. "You're too much sometimes, you know that?" She leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek. "Now I'm chilled to my bones, so I am going to lay in my soft warm bed. I am seriously considering a very lazy day tomorrow." She stood and stretched then very happily walked back inside closing the French doors behind her.