nîn ," he murmured, "forgive me." "There is nothing to forgive, Estel," Legolas said quietly, his eyes not quite returning to the present. Estel reached tentatively for his friend; Legolas turned to face him, his blue eyes sparkling in the darkness, and then Estel had flung himself into the prince's arms and was sobbing into his tunic. He felt Legolas sigh heavily, and he had to laugh through his tears. "I only want to help you," the Elf said. " Istón. " "Tell me what troubles you." "You will leave," Estel whispered. " Ada says I must be King of Men one day but if I do, that will herald the end of the days of the Elves… And all whom I love will sail into the West, leaving me to face the burden of kingship… Alone." "You will not be alone –" "I know . I know I will be King and there will presumably be a Queen and there will be a Steward and captains and councilors but there will be nobody left from now . Estel will be dead, dead , and there will only be Aragorn son of Arathorn, King of Gondor and Arnor." " No, Estel," Legolas said patiently. "You will not be alone because I will be there." Estel pulled away and sat up, staring at his friend in shock. "Legolas –" "Did you think I would sail to Valinor and just leave you here? As long as you draw breath, gwador nîn , I will stay in Middle-earth – if you want me to, of course." " Want you to!" For the second time that night a sobbing human flung himself at a startled Elven prince. "Estel?" Legolas sounded concerned, as well he might. "What if you feel the Sea-Longing?" Estel mumbled. "Like Lady Celebrían?" Legolas smiled, patting the human's back. "Lady Celebrían left because she knew her family would eventually follow, and it would be a short enough time by Elvish reckoning before she saw them again. If she'd had a dimwitted human gwador to worry about I think she might have found the will to stay." Estel swatted half-heartedly at the Elf's head. "Legolas?" "Yes?" "I'm twenty." "I know , Estel," the Elf muttered, and the young human could sense his friend rolling his eyes. "You have told me at least thirty times every day that you are an adult and –" "How small were you when you were twenty?" Legolas looked surprised. "In Elven years, you mean?" "Yes." The blond archer chuckled. "Small enough for Dan and Ro to tuck me in at night and tell me bedtime stories – they came up with some interesting ones, even better than my parents." Estel grinned. "Did your ada mind?" "Not really." Estel could hear the laughter in his friend's voice. "It was what they taught me during the day that Ada minded." "Legolas?" "Yes?" "Would it be very childish of me to ask you to – that is – I don't want to return to my room alone –" Estel stopped short, and Legolas' Elven eyes could make out the reddening of his face even in the darkness. He smiled and got to his feet, pulling the human with him. "Come along, penneth . You shouldn't be out here in the rain in any case. I will sit with you until you fall asleep." "I don't want to see Ada and Dan and Ro just yet… I'll talk to them in the morning." Legolas nodded. "I seem to remember a fairly sturdy vine growing on the wall beside your balcony. Let's see if it can support a fat human." It was evening once more, and Estel and the twins had just bidden Legolas farewell at the gates of Imladris. In the ever-darkening forest that had once been Greenwood the Great, thousands of Elves relied on their King and his warriors to hold darkness at bay with the bow and the blade. But even as Estel looked at the road down which his friend had ridden away, he found it in his heart to be merry. Distance was nothing, on the same side of the Sea; and the good thing about Gondor was that there would be no Hithaeglir separating him from his friend. And perhaps this would be their greatest adventure of all. Leaving his brothers, he went to walk in the woods. Legolas had taught him to find comfort in the spreading branches of beech and oak, and he had long entertained a foolish notion that if he gave messages to the trees they would be borne somehow across the leagues and whispered to an Elven prince fighting to bring some measure of security to his father's people. Smiling, and comfortable in the knowledge that there were no Elves to hear him and laugh at his singing, he raised his voice in the Lay of Lúthien. And behold! there Lúthien walked before his eyes in Rivendell, clad in a mantle of silver and blue, fair as the twilight in Elven-home; her dark hair strayed in a sudden wind, and her brows were bound with gems like stars. - From The Tale of Aragorn and Arwen Sindarin Translations Aran – King Calo anor na ven! – May the sun shine on your road! Ellon – Male Elf Gwador nîn – My (sworn) brother Tolo! – Come! Man anírach cerin an le? – What can I do for you? Ada – Dad/Daddy Mellon nîn – My friend Hîr nîn – My lord Sedho – Quiet! Garich i dhôl goll o Orch! – You have the hollow head of an Orc! Penneth – Young one Elen síla lúmenn' omentielvo. – A star shines on the hour of our meeting. Mae govannen, Thranduilion. – Well met, son of Thranduil. Havo dad. – Sit down. Elleth – Female Elf Le hannon. – Thank you. Saes – Please Istón. – I know. Hithaeglir – Elves' name for the Misty Mountains What do you think? Please review!