is wiser than I am." Boromir refilled his cup. "He would have known what to do." "You say that often. Your brother must be a wise man indeed." "My father… May I speak to you in confidence?" "Of course… So long as what you tell me does not imperil our Quest." "The reason I spoke in Council for the Ring to be given to Gondor was that my father asked it of me. He suspected that it had been discovered. I do not…" Boromir paused to drink some more wine. Legolas rather thought he had had too much. "I do not know what he will say when he hears of my decision to pledge myself to see it destroyed instead. I do not imagine he will be pleased. But Faramir… I think Faramir would approve." "Lord Boromir, nothing you, or for that matter your brother, could have said or done would have persuaded Mithrandir or Lord Elrond to give the weapon of the Enemy to Gondor. It is too dangerous and too powerful. It must be destroyed. You know this." "I do believe it now. But my father does not. I fear that in following my conscience, I have disappointed him." Boromir sighed. "Tell me, what would you have done in my place?" "I cannot say," Legolas admitted. "I would find it very difficult to disobey a direct order from the Elven-king. But although my King might be displeased, my father would not blame me for doing what I believed was right. I know little of your lord father, but he comes of a noble line. I doubt he will be angry with you." "You know little indeed of my lord father if you think that." Boromir took a long draught. "When we were children, Faramir and I, all he told us, all he ever told us, was that Gondor came first. Gondor had to be protected at all costs. Mordor is an eternal threat, and against this threat we were to guard our people. The Ring would have helped us defend Gondor. And now… not only have I failed to obtain the Ring, I have committed myself to a course of action which, should we be discovered by the Enemy, will bring his wrath down upon us. And Gondor will suffer first." "It was a difficult decision," Legolas said. "And I honour you for choosing as you did. That you are here, now, prepared to embark on a quest to destroy the weapon you came here to claim shows that you were meant to be a part of this. Your father will understand your choice in time." "My father does not change his mind easily." "Then you must judge your actions by your own lights. You said your father told you to defend Gondor. The path you have chosen is the only one that will ensure the safety of the world of Men, including Gondor. You have done your father's bidding, even if he does not see it." Boromir let out a long breath. "I can be content with that." Lothlórien, TA 3019 January "The Stone of Eärendil." "It is time," said Galadriel, holding up the green gem. It sparkled with the light of the sun. "The Elfstone belongs to Middle-earth. Here it will stay." "It is a fine gift." "I have nothing else to give Aragorn. No sword can take the place of the one he carries already. He has already won the heart of the Evenstar. This is a token of her choice, no more. Yet it may give him courage to face what must come. I will give him a scabbard as well. Andúril must have a worthy sheathe if its bearer is to rise above his past." "What of Boromir? Will you give him a sword?" "No." Galadriel put the Elfstone down. "Boromir's path is wreathed in shadow. Stout as his heart is, the power of Sauron may yet prove to be too much for him. I would not put an Elven blade in his hand. I will give him a belt, after the fashion of Lothórien, to remind him of the Lady of the Golden Wood." "If the Lady of the Golden Wood cannot save him from a terrible fate, nobody can," said Celeborn gravely. "What of the others?" "I will give Frodo's two young kinsmen belts as well, but that is not out of any fears for their loyalty. They already carry Daggers of Westernesse. They will have need of no stronger weapons than those the Dúnedain wrought to fell the Witch-king of Angmar… I do not yet know what to give Gimli." "A belt?" asked Celeborn, but Galadriel shook her head. "He has neither sword nor dagger to put in it. Lothlórien does not make axes. No, I will let Master Gimli choose his own gift. He will not disappoint me." "Do you fear to give Legolas a sword?" "I would give him one, and gladly, if I thought it might be of use to him. But the sword is not Legolas' weapon." She smiled. "What do you think I should give the finest archer in Middle-earth?" Celeborn met her eyes with a smile of his own. "You mean to give him a longbow of the galadhrim ." "Do you disagree?" "Not in the least. I knew the child would win you over. In the beginning you worried that he had inherited Thranduil's temperament, and now, alone of the all the Fellowship, you are willing to put a weapon in his hands." "We have all grown in wisdom since last we met. I would never have thought Thranduil could raise a child with a spirit so bright in his darkening realm. Perhaps Thranduil, too, would think better of me now, as I am certain I would think better of him." Celeborn laughed. "Explain it as you wish, my love. The truth is that the child has won you over." "Yes," agreed Galadriel. "He has." What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!