Gondor welcomed his son. Aragorn has eyes for neither weapons master nor Elven-king; he had thrown his arms around Eldarion and practically lifted him off the ground. " Ada! " the youth protested. "I can't breathe!" Aragorn released Eldarion, only to take him by the shoulders and look him over. "You don't seem to be hurt," he said at last, reluctantly. "What happened?" "We had a small accident, my Lord," the weapons master said. Aragorn nodded without looking up. "One of the boys broke his arm falling from a tree. It has been set, and he has come to no permanent harm, but it delayed our return." "We worried," Aragorn murmured, still looking closely at Eldarion. "Is something wrong with your hand, penneth ? Are you sure? When you did not return by nightfall, we feared the worst. The countryside is still not as safe as it ought to be." "I was worried as well, my Lord," the weapons master said. "But we were fortunate enough to meet Prince Legolas and his party on their way to Minas Tirith, and their company made our journey swifter and safer." " Legolas? " Aragorn asked, finally looking up. "What was he – Legolas!" The Elf, who had entered just behind the weapons master and who had not said a word so far, grinned at the King. " Mae govannen, Estel ." Aragorn stared at the Elf, wondering whether to welcome him, thank him or ask what he had been doing near Minas Tirith. He finally settled on saying, "You're here." "I had noticed," Legolas commented with a wry smile. Before Aragorn could say anything further, Eldarion demanded, " Ada , can I go now? I'm tired." "Of course," Aragorn said, patting his son's back. "You must be. Go to bed, and we will discuss this in the morning. Are you hurt?" "No, Ada ." "Go on, then." Eldarion gave his father a brief hug, inclined his head to Thranduil and the weapons master, and, on his way out of the room, paused beside Legolas to stand on tiptoe and whisper in his ear something involving the words archery and tomorrow . Legolas chuckled. " Ae an í rach, tithen pen. But only if you are well rested." Eldarion flashed the Elf a brilliant smile and scampered out of the room, followed by the weapons master. Aragorn finally turned his attention to his closest friend. "What are you doing here?" "That's a nice welcome!" Legolas said. "If you don't want me to stay, I'll just leave, then." Aragorn shook his head. "You know I want you to stay. But I did not expect you now." "If you must know," Legolas said, unstrapping his quiver and dropping into a chair, "It was meant to be a surprise for your begetting day – which is next week, in case you had forgotten. Arwen and I have been planning it for some weeks." "So that's why Arwen wasn't really worried about Eldarion! She knew you would be on your way to Minas Tirith and bound to meet them." Legolas only smiled. Aragorn crossed the room and sat down next to his friend. " Le hannon. If you had not found them –" "But we did," Legolas said calmly. "And so do not worry any more. I promised Eldarion I would see that you did not fuss unduly. You're getting as bad as my father." Aragorn glanced at the Elven-king, whose face had broken into a wicked smile at Legolas' comment. "My King, we cannot let that pass." "Of course not," Thranduil agreed. "Legolas, on your guard." "What!" Legolas yelped as Aragorn yanked him to his feet. "No! I am a battle-weary warrior. I must rest!" Greenwood, Around Year 2500 of the Third Age Thranduil paused only to tell Galion to have dinner sent up to Legolas' room. Then he went straight to the royal quarters and knocked on his son's door. There was no answer, so he knocked again, and finally pushed the door open and went in. The room was empty, but the balcony door was open. Thranduil went outside. Legolas was standing on the balcony, hands resting lightly on the parapet, looking out into the darkness. " Penneth? " Thranduil asked softly. Legolas turned. " Ada. " "Are you hurt?" In response, Legolas stepped away from the parapet and spread his arms. Thranduil smiled. "Come inside, Legolas. I've told Galion to send dinner up for us. You may not be injured, but you must be tired." "I'm fine," Legolas said automatically, but he followed his father back into the room without further protest. Once inside, Legolas dropped into a chair. Thranduil glanced at him in some concern but said nothing, instead kneeling before the hearth to tip some kindling into the grate. He lit the fire and got to his feet. "What happened, Legolas?" "There were more orcs than we anticipated – and then the river flooded, because of melts in the mountains, I suppose. And when we –" "Legolas." Thranduil sat down next to his son. "That was not what I meant. Is everyone all right?" "Yes," Legolas responded softly. Thranduil held out his arms and the younger Elf snuggled into them with a sigh of contentment. "I missed you, Ada ." "I know, tithen las ," Thranduil murmured, running one hand gently over his son's bowed head. "I missed you too. Don't worry about anything now; I can hear about it in the Council meeting tomorrow along with everyone else." Legolas smiled, his eyes beginning to glaze. "Sleep, penneth . I will wake you when Galion comes. Sleep." In the flickering firelight, Legolas slept. Sindarin Translations S îdh – Peace Penneth – Young one Ion nîn – My son Mellon nîn – My friend Ada – Dad/Daddy Mae govannen. – Well met. Ae anírach, tithen pen. – If you wish, little one. Le hannon. – Thank you. Tithen las – Little leaf What did you think? Please review! Comments and concrit welcome.