feel anger towards the creatures that have harmed what you hold dear. So long as that anger does not consume you or blind you, there is nothing to fear from it." "I wish Ada thought as you do," Elrohir growled. "All he has done since we told him of our intent has been to argue against it." "He is your father, Ro," Legolas said mildly. "He came very close to losing your mother and he probably fears to lose you if you embark on a quest to destroy yrch . You remember how Ada was after Nana died... Lord Elrond will come around if you give him time." "Then we fight," Elrohir said, and if Legolas felt any misgivings at the sight of the odd, feral gleam in his friends' eyes, he kept them to himself. "Yes, gwedyr ," he said. "You fight... We fight. Whether the battles are fought in the passes of the Hithaeglir or beneath the trees of Eryn Galen, the war is the same, and each orc felled is a blow, however minor, against the Enemy. We fight." As he spoke, the first light of the rising sun shone through the open balcony door, casting its bright golden light on the three young Elves. The Wilds of Middle-earth, Year 3007 of the Third Age His tears spent, it was several minutes before Aragorn moved, and even then all he did was to settle himself more comfortably into the Elf-prince's arms. "Legolas?" "Yes?" "How long will you stay in Middle-earth after I have passed?" The Elf hesitated, sensing some unknown intent to the question. At last he said honestly, "I do not know, Estel. I have not felt the Sea-longing, and I love the trees of my home. I would like to linger here, where I may have comfort from the forest and from the memories of our time together. I cannot say how many years it will be before I can bring myself to leave. But all this may change if ever I feel the call of the Sea." "Yet the time of the Elves is ending." "So it is." " Ada will sail before you do... I doubt he will wait out my years." "He longs to be with Lady Celebrían. I believe he only stays here for your sake, and because he believes he has yet some part to play in the fate of Middle-earth. But he has waited for centuries; mayhap when you have claimed the throne of Men he will be persuaded to wait long enough to see your days of glory." "I would not ask that of him," Aragorn said softly. "For if I claim the throne of Men, Arwen will choose the Doom of Men to cleave to me. I would not have him stay to see her die." Legolas ran one hand gently over his friend's head. "I had hoped Nana would live to see light restored to the world." "Perhaps she will know and rejoice, wherever she is." "What would happen if I failed, Legolas?" "Darkness would grow," the Elf said softly. "The Elves would die, or be taken, or pass into the West. One by one the kingdoms of Men would fall until all Middle-earth was in thrall to Sauron." "Yet those whom I love would still be safe. Nana is safe now, as I would be; Ada and Dan and Ro and Arwen would have gone to the Blessed Realm; you might linger, you say, but eventually you would take ship and leave these shores." "What of your people?" "There will be another to fight for them." "There may be another," Legolas agreed. "There may be twenty others. But these others are all unknown and in the future. Today there is you, Estel." "Hope," Aragorn almost growled. "Aye, the Hope of Men. How did that help Nana , Legolas? I was not at her side when she passed, nor was I present to see that she was buried with honour. In doing my duty to the race of Men I forsook my duty to my mother. And now... What if I should be busy waging war in some forsaken corner of Middle-earth and suddenly receive word that Dan or Ro had been killed while out with the Rangers, or you had taken some mortal wound from a spider?" "Then you will grieve for us and go on." "You value my friendship little if you think I would forget you so easily," Aragorn snapped, pulling away from the Elf. " S î dh, mellon n î n ... Forgive me; that was not what I meant. We are all warriors, Estel, and we are called upon to make sacrifices, of which our own lives are usually the least. But I will not speak to you now of your duty or your ancestors. Think, instead, that a time may come when you and I can walk freely into a village, in a world not marred by the Shadow, sit in an inn without hiding our faces and partake of that foul beverage of which you are so fond. Is the chance of that not worth the risks we take?" "The chance of seeing you 'partake of that foul beverage'?" Aragorn asked, unable to repress a grin. "I would pay in gold to see it, Sinda." He bent forward to wrap his arms around his friend in a strong, brotherly embrace. "When did you grow so wise, Elfling?" " You spend a few months buoying the spirits of young warriors who are all but ready to put down their bows and give in to despair," Legolas responded, forcing himself not to laugh. "We will see if you manage to avoid sounding like Mithrandir at his worst." Sindarin Translations Penneth – Young one Ada – Dad/Daddy Gwador (plural gwedyr ) – (Sworn) brother Elleth – Female Elf Edhel – Elf Muindor – Brother S î dh, mellon n î n. – Peace, my friend. Good? Bad? Too dreadful for words?