supply the lack." " Too peaceful for your taste?" "I have fought enough battles to know the worth of peace. That is not what disturbs me. As I said, it is difficult to explain. I sense a power here, Master Gimli, that is more than simply the grace of the Eldar – more even than the grace bestowed upon Lady Galadriel by the sight of the Two Trees." "The Ring?" "No. The Ring is evil. Its strength is in violence and malice. I explained myself badly. I do not sense evil. But I do sense power. Benevolent power, I believe, but still a power that is not of this forest." "If it has kept the forest safe…" "It has, but at a cost." Legolas patted the tree, which responded with a vague feeling of goodwill. "The soul can be stifled by over-caring as much as by malice." "The soul of the forest has been stifled?" "Can you not sense it?" Legolas shrugged. "I suppose not. These trees have never known sorrow, and they have never known true joy either. The Lady Galadriel is blessed by the Valar, and her grace has held the Shadow at bay. But she was born in lands far to the West, and she longs for them. This is a beautiful land, but it is not a forest of Middle-earth. It is an echo of the Elvenhome." "Is your Mirkwood a forest of Middle-earth?" "Greenwood," Legolas said firmly. " Greenwood , and yes. That there is darkness there I do not deny, but that darkness is as much a part of Middle-earth as the great oaks or the water of the Forest River. The Ring was forged in Middle-earth." "It was, but we are not bound to lie still and wait for the Enemy to declare his victory!" "Nor do we. We fight, Master Gimli. With bow and blade, with breath and blood, we fight the Shadow. But our weapons are our own. The trees of Mirkwood give us our bows and arrow shafts, and metal mined by your kinsmen and fired in our forges is in our blades." "The Enemy is strong." "And even now our greatest hope is in the heart and courage of a Halfling." "I would not have wanted that." Legolas met his father's eyes. "Had I been born a hundred years from now, or a thousand, or however many it must be before the Enemy is defeated, I could not have eased your burden." The Elven-king smiled, though it did not quite reach his eyes. "You cannot know how much you do precisely that." He stood, bringing Legolas to his feet as well. "Yet the fact remains that we have made many sacrifices, not the least of which is the peace of our warriors." "We are holding our ground." "And what do you think?" At Legolas' questioning glance, Thranduil went on, "You said I acted in the interests of the realm in deciding not to ask Galadriel or Elrond for help. You did not say I had made the right decision." Legolas responded with a wry smile. "I did not intend to question your judgement, I assure you, my king." "In the privacy of my sitting room I have always encouraged you to question my judgement. Do you disagree with me, then?" "I would not say I disagree," Legolas said slowly. "I do not entirely understand. While you command it, and while even a single one of your people still dwells beneath the trees, I will fight to defend the realm. And if you believe the realm is better defended by the bow than by… whatever Lady Galadriel uses… You have never given me reason to doubt you." Thranduil sighed. "I would be lying if I said I have never considered it. I might even have done it, regardless of the consequences, if my warriors had not proven themselves willing and able to defend the realm." He laid a hand on Legolas back. "As I said, you cannot know how much you ease my burden." "Would the consequences be that terrible?" "If ever you visit Lothlórien," Thranduil said, "you will understand." "Lothlórien? I have heard it described as beautiful beyond compare." "Yes. It is." "Frodo is brave," Gimli agreed. "And I believe I would trust his heart, and those of his young companions, as much as I would trust the grace of the Lady of the Golden Wood." Legolas laughed, genuine amusement in the sound. "From you, that is a high compliment, Master Gimli. Frodo would be honoured if he heard." Gimli grunted. "Do you regret that we came here?" "Regret? Not at all. We needed peace. We needed time to regain our strength and our courage. Lothlórien and Lady Galadriel gave us both. This is a perfect haven." "And no more than a haven." "No more, and no less. I was not lying when I said I have long wanted to visit Lothlórien. The Golden Wood is legend among my kin. I have not been disappointed. The mallorn and elanor are beautiful beyond my imaginings. Yet I worry for my father and my friends, and if Frodo's quest were not vital to the survival of Middle-earth, I would be riding north this moment to defend my home." "And what when the times comes for you to leave Middle-earth and your home?" Gimli demanded. "I heard the Elves in Rivendell speak of it. There are many who will sail West as soon as the Ring has been destroyed." "Many have felt the call," Legolas said, "but I have felt not a flicker of it yet. My heart is in the forest, Master Gimli, with the oak and the beech. I am content. It will be a very long time, by your reckoning, before my time in Middle-earth ends." Gimli made no response beyond a shrug. Legolas, leaning back again, looked up at the night sky. Eärendil shone down like a beacon of hope. What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!