his head, and began smoking his pipe. After a couple of hours of just sitting, Rosa began feeling unsettled. She didn't like just waiting. She was about to stand when she heard the Hobbits' voices. A smile broke out on her face, finally . She turned to Strider, "So, what now?" "Patience." "Yeah, yeah… patience is a virtue," she grumbled. She stood walking to the bar, "I'd like a pint of ale, please." Butterbur looked at her strangely, a woman asking for ale? Rosa quickly realized this and smiled as sweetly and innocently as she could manage. "For my brother." When he turned to get it for her she smiled to herself, happy that it had worked. She returned to the table with her drink, and smiled triumphantly at Aragorn. She sat down next to him and followed his gaze. "Sam, he'll be here. He'll come." Frodo said, trying to reassure him. Merry walked over and sat in front of them. "What's that?" Pippen asked, amazed at the size. "This, my friend, is a pint." He smiled and took a sip. "It comes in pints?! I'm getting one." Sam looks at Pippen, "You've had a whole half already!" He turns back to Frodo and gestures to Strider and Rosa, "That fellow's done nothing but stare at you since we've arrived." Frodo walks over and asks Butterbur, "Excuse me, that man and woman, in the corner, who are they?" "He's one of them rangers; they're dangerous folk they are, wandering the wilds. What his right name is, I never heard, but 'round here he's known as Strider. The girl's his sister. Don't right know 'er name." Frodo nodded, "Strider." The next moments seemed to pass in a flash as Rosa watched the events of the movie unfold before her. While everyone in the inn gasped at Frodo's disappearance, she lifted the mug to take a sip but Strider's hand came down across the top of the mug, slamming it back down against the table. "Come." Rosa trailed behind Strider, feeling uncomfortably similar to a dog. Strider picked up Frodo, slamming him against a wall, "You draw far too much attention to yourself...Mr. Underhill." He pulls Frodo into the room and Rosa silently follows them. "What do you want?" Frodo asked. "A little more caution from you... that is no trinket you carry." Rosa practically snorted, no kidding. "I carry nothing," Frodo lied. "Well, that's a whole lot of powerful nothing you've got there." Rosa said sarcastically. "Indeed." Aragorn said, agreeing with her. "I can usually avoid being seen if I wish, but to disappear entirely, that is a rare gift." "Who are you?" "Are you frightened?" Strider asked, Rosa grinned to herself, at least its not just my questions that he ignores. "Yes," Frodo answered, honestly. "Not nearly frightened enough. I know what hunts you." The Nazgul, ringwraiths. "Bad juju" Rosa mumbled. Frodo jumped and Strider deftly drew his sword. Sam, Merry and Pippen poured through the doorway. Sam had his fists raised, Merry wielded a candlestick, and Pippen a chair. "Let him go or I'll have you, Longshanks!" Strider sheathed his sword, a slight smile playing on his lips, while Rosa burst into a fit of giggles. "You have a stout heart, little Hobbit, but that alone won't save you," he turned to Frodo, "You can no longer wait for the wizard, Frodo. They're coming." XXX Rosa shifted in her bed, it wasn't the best but far better than anything the ground had to offer. She smiled, happy to be both clean and warm. Across the room Sam, Merry and Pippin slept in Striders bed. The only ones up were Strider and Frodo. "What are they?" Frodo asked. "They were once men," Strider glanced quickly at Frodo and then turned back to the window. "Great Kings of men. Then Sauron the deceiver gave to them Nine Rings of Power. Blinded by their greed they took them without question, one by one falling into darkness and now they are slaves to his will." Strider looked away from the window as the Ringwraiths galloped down the streets of Bree. He turned towards the hobbits, his face lit faintly by the glowing embers of the fire, "They are the Nazgul, Ringwraiths, neither living or dead. At all times they feel the presence of the ring...drawn to the power of the one..they will never stop hunting you." Rosa thought she would never fall asleep but the sound of Aragorn's voice softly telling Frodo of the tale of how the Nazgul, ringwraiths, came to be, lulled her to sleep. XXX Rosa had the odd feeling of floating, the water was cool yet refreshing. The current pulled her down the stream. "Rosalva, lost one, come to me." Rosa looked into the distance trying to find the source the voice. She was in a field, one she had never seen before. It was beautiful, with colorful flowers surrounding her. She brushed her fingertips across the grass, it felt softer than any other grass she had felt. Towards the edge of the field was a forest. She walked to it and found a path. The trees of the forest blocked out all the sunlight but there were glowing lights, as if stars were in the trees around her. After walking a ways she found a woman in white, her arms open wide to her. When Rosa got closer she noticed that she was no mere woman, she was glowing with an ethereal light and was too beautiful for words. "Merilwen, it's okay. You're safe now. You're home." The woman was beautiful, she had long auburn hair, and bright blue eyes. She wore a sparkling white dress that flowed gracefully as she walked. She smiled at Rosa, "My little peredhil, you must be brave. Do not run from your destiny. I have not left you, my tinu." Once Rosa was enclosed in her embrace, she looked up at the woman, "Mama?" A/N: How's that for a cliff hanger? Muahahahahhaaaa!