work with the splint. The young Elves flushed, but they were too concerned about Legolas to feel much pleasure. "Will he be all right?" "He will be fine," Elrond said with a reassuring smile at his sons. "Legolas, you must listen to me and do exactly as I tell you if you want your arm to heal properly so that you can learn to be a better archer than Glorfindel." A short laugh told him that the Balrog-slayer had just entered the room. "I am hardly the most skillful of archers, Elrond. You would do better by telling him he could learn to be a better archer than Beleg." "For one thing," Elrond said, looking at the Elf-lord reprovingly, "I am hoping that Legolas will have a happier life than Beleg. For another, Cúthalion may have been the best archer of Thingol's realm, but Legolas did not know him. He knows you." "Anyway," Celebrían said, holding Legolas steady while her husband splinted the Elfling's arm, "that is not the point. The point, tithen pen , is that if you want to be an archer and help protect your father's realm, then you will have to learn to listen to the healers. They are very important, for they are the ones who will help you when you have been injured in battle. If you do not do exactly as they tell you, you may find that it takes far longer for your injuries to heal completely. You cannot help your Ada very much then, can you?" "There," Elrond murmured, putting Legolas' arm in a sling. "Finished. Legolas, listen to me. You must not take off the sling until your arm has healed. Your arm has healed when I tell you it has healed, not when you think it feels better." "Yes, Lord Elrond," Legolas said dolefully. Elrond laughed. "Good. Then go to your room now. You must be tired. Elladan and Elrohir will get you something to eat, and after that you must sleep." "Before he goes to his room, Elrond," Glorfindel said firmly, "I wish to have a word with Legolas." The other Elves exchanged glances. Without a word, Elrond gathered his healing supplies and left the room, closely followed by Celebrían, Arwen and the twins. Erestor, however, merely leaned against the door frame, crossed his arms, and eyed Glorfindel with amusement. Imladris, 14 June Afternoon "Legolas?" The Elfling looked up at Glorfindel, his blue eyes beseeching. "That will not work this time, Legolas," the Elf-lord said in a tone that made Erestor roll his eyes. "You know you have been very naughty." "I did not know I would fall." "But we told you it was dangerous to go to the waterfall alone." "I was not alone. The owl was with me." Legolas cast a sidelong glance at the window, his sudden smile attesting to the presence of the offending bird outside it, although what it was doing there instead of finding a place to sleep Glorfindel could not imagine. "Legolas, did you honestly imagine an owl was fit escort?" "There were the trees," Legolas said defensively. "Legolas." The Elfling sighed. "No, Lord Glorfindel." "Legolas, you are very young, and there are many things you do not know. When you are older, and have seen more of the world, you will be able to make your own decisions about what is dangerous and what is safe. For now, you must listen to us." "But –" "Legolas, Elrohir told you not to try to find the waterfalls by yourself, did he not?" "Yes, Lord Glorfindel." "Then, from the fact that you disregarded his advice, and mine, and went off in the middle of the night without telling anyone, are we to understand that you do not trust us?" Legolas flushed. "No, Lord Glorfindel." "Legolas, you must believe that we all care for you. If we tell you to do or not to do something we have a reason for it. You must have enough faith in us to do as we say." "What if I do not agree with what you say?" Erestor hastily stifled a snicker. Glorfindel, after a moment's thought, said, "If you do not agree, then you must tell us so. We will never refuse to explain why we tell you what we do." He paused. "Legolas, do you know how unhappy everyone would have been if something worse than a broken arm had happened to you?" The Elfling squirmed uncomfortably. "You know the twins and Arwen think of you as a brother. And what of your Ada and Nana ?" " Ada and Nana need not know," Legolas said hopefully. Glorfindel bit his lip just in time. "Well, we will discuss that. But if your injury had been more serious, Lord Elrond would have had to inform them of it. They placed a great deal of trust in him by sending you here for the summer. Your Ada would be very angry with Lord Elrond if you were not returned to him in one piece." " Ada would be angry?" This time Glorfindel did laugh. "He is not as indulgent with everyone as he is with you, Elfling... Which is half the problem, really. But, yes, your Ada would be furious." Legolas frowned in thought. "So we understand each other, I take it. Inquisitiveness in an Elfling is good, but not disobedience." "Yes, Lord Glorfindel," Legolas replied, with such a woebegone expression that Glorfindel, finally relenting, scooped him up and ruffled his hair, ignoring Erestor's knowing smirk. "Good. Come along, then... We can wait for Elladan and Elrohir in your room." Sindarin Translations: Tithen pen – Little one Ada – Dad/Daddy Nana – Mum/Mummy Mae govannen – Well met Le hannon, mellon n î n. – Thank you, my friend. Iell n î n – My daughter Penneth – Young one Meleth n î n – My love Elleth – Female Elf Ellon – Male Elf Tolo – Come What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!