you are not any Elf-maiden." Estel shifted his weight nervously from one foot to the other. "Arwen, are you certain? Any Elf-lord would be honoured to have you for his wife." "I do not desire an Elf-lord, my love. I desire you ." "I am not worthy," Estel whispered. "You are. You have proven yourself the equal of the noblest of Elves in courage and strength of heart. You are no less in valour and might than Beren, who claimed the heart of my foremother – our foremother – Lúthien, or Túor, who wooed and won Idril Celebrindal." Arwen bowed her head, grief flickering in her eyes for a moment. "I... I will not deny that it will grieve me to part from my father, or that I long to see my mother again. But I would find no joy with my kinsfolk in the Blessed Realm if I were parted from you ." "What is the lifetime of one Man to an Elf-maid in Aman? If you went there you would forget, in time, and perhaps some Vanyarin or Noldorin lord would be able to make you happier than I can." "Estel," the elleth said, her voice suddenly stern, " enough . I have made my choice. I will forsake Aman that I may cleave to you. You can ride afield on your errantries and fulfill your responsibilities. When your duties give you enough leisure to return to me, I will be waiting for you. I promise." " Nin melach? " This time Arwen's laughter was heartfelt. "Aye, Estel. I love you." She drew closer to him. "Now go, my love. Go swiftly, before I am tempted to bid you stay." Brave Greenleaf 'neath the spreading trees, Both Mirkwood's strength and Mirkwood's cheer, I hear your voice upon the breeze. You say, "My brother, I am here." -- Eriador, Year 2998 of the Third Age It was in an unwonted silence that the Chieftain of the Dúnedain and the Prince of Greenwood walked out of the Ranger camp, the Elf leading his horse by the bridle. Aragorn sank into the loosely-packed snow with every step he took. Despite his disgruntlement, habit made him forget he was sulking long enough to cast a glance at the light Elven shoes that barely made an impression on the white surface. He barely managed to stifle his laughter when the mare did the same thing, snorting her disapproval as she tried and failed to replicate the feat. Legolas reached out automatically to brush the bark of a gnarled old tree with his fingertips as they passed it. The familiar gesture from the Elf made Aragorn's throat tighten when he realized he would not see it in the months to come. "Do you have to go?" As soon as the words were out, he flushed at how childish the question sounded. He half-expected Legolas to laugh at him, but the Elf stopped and turned to face him. The incongruous sight of the blond archer wearing only a light cloak over his tunic while snowflakes gathered on his eyelashes did make Aragorn chuckle. Legolas grinned at him in amusement. "This does not mean you're forgiven," Aragorn said, his tone admonitory. "I still say you should not have done it." "And I say I should," Legolas replied equably. "I am not an Elfling, Estel." "You cannot risk your life for my sake like that, you dim-witted Edhel !" "I risk my life for my father's people every day," Legolas pointed out. "But you might have been killed! And I am only a Man." "Precisely my point, Dúnadan. You Men are absolutely no good at taking care of yourselves. What would you have done if I hadn't saved you? You practically go looking for trouble!" "That's rich, coming from you !" "Don't change the subject," Legolas said sternly. "You needed my help, and so I helped you, as you would have done for me." "Don't you understand , Legolas? I am mortal ." "I know that, Dúnadan," the Elf-prince responded in the tone of one being forced to conduct a conversation with the village idiot. "I fail to see your point." "My point, you orc-brained, thick-skulled lackwit of a Sinda, is that I am mortal and you cannot risk your life for me because... because..." Aragorn trailed off, looking helplessly into Legolas' quizzical face. "Why do you do it, Legolas?" "You are my gwador . What is your point, Estel?" Aragorn had expected to be told that he was the equal of any Elf-lord; for a moment, he was nonplussed. Then he laughed, throwing his arms around his friend in a quick hug. "Never mind, Elfling. Thank you." He laughed harder when Legolas grumbled and grimaced at having to hug an over-tunic, a coat, a cloak and the ends of a muffler along with the Ranger. "When will you return?" he asked when the Elf finally drew back. "Whenever you want me, mellon n î n ." Legolas mounted his horse. "Send word to Imladris if you do. Lord Elrond will know how to reach me." He graced Aragorn with an impish grin. "Next time I should teach you to talk to birds. That would save trouble all round." Aragorn squeezed his friend's hand and stepped back. Legolas touched his heels lightly to the horse's sides. She tossed her head, and then horse and rider were gone in a flurry of snow. Aragorn stood looking after them for a moment, a small smile on his face, before he turned to return to the camp. Sindarin Translations Ada – Dad/Daddy Penneth – Young one Ion n î n – My son Ellon (plural ellyn ) – Male Elves Tithen gwador – Little (sworn) brother Elleth – Female Elf Nana – Mum/Mummy S î dh – Peace Nin melach? – Do you love me? Meleth n î n – My love Edhel – Elf Mellon n î n – My friend What do you think? Good? Bad? Please review!