pushed my silver hair behind my ears to survey the boys. "I'll forgive Arathorn, at least he apologised, unlike you " I said contemptibly as I jabbed my finger at the grinning nine year old with dark wavy hair. He rolled his eyes at me and threw a small pebble at me, to which I squealed and sent a feeble kick in his direction. It was then that we heard the sound of feet on the road next to us. I span around, hope glistening in my eyes, and crawled to the edge of the bank. I lay on my stomach and felt the boys do the same. I saw three men coming up the path, dressed in travelling gear and I eagerly studied them. They were all Dúnedain, which was obvious from the rugged clothed they wore and the stern expressions of their faces, that and the fact they were men. I didn't recognise two of them, the one leading a heavily laden brown horse and the younger one next to him, but the one in lead – "Ada!" ( father ) I shouted jumping to my feet, excitement bubbling in my chest. "Uncle Arassuil!" my cousins chorused. My hair bounced as I ran along the edge of the hill, my bare feet running as fast as they could parallel to the path. I knew the boys were following, even though they would have over taken me if they'd been running too. The grassy bank was level next to the slopping stone path, so as the path began rinsing to meet me I jumped the rest of the way down. The stones were warmed by the sun and smooth from the thousands of feet that had walked up and down it. Ahead of me the man was walking towards me. He was stately and proud; even when dressed as he was and covered in grime and sweat. His face filled with joy as he came towards me and I heard his warm laughter. "Ada!" I ran to him, jumping into his waiting hands and wrapping my arms around his neck, burying my face in his shoulder. He smelt earthy and of dried sweat and he was still in his travelling gear. His black hair, now dirty, was cut to his shoulders and his hands were rough with calluses. "Arí, it is good to see you again. Where is your Naneth ( mother )?" he asked me, carrying me up the rest of the path that led to the city. "She's at home. How long are you staying Ada?" I asked, clinging to my father. "I don't know yet Arí" He said sighing, rubbing circles on my back. "Uncle! Where have you been? Aunt Eruianna has been fretting for weeks!" I heard one of the brothers shouting as we approached. "Did you see father? He's been away too" "Suil hanarion (greetings brother-sons) ,I have heard news that your father should be here within a week or so" He replied to the boys standing above us on the bank still. We wound up the path and entered the gardens of Rivendell. Ada was walking to our rooms as my cousins ran ahead to tell Naneth of his arrival. The other men had gone their own ways but I didn't care where. I curled into my Ada's arms happily. I so rarely saw my father, what with him always being away helping his brother run the Dúnedain and it was these moments that I hoped would never end. Mother was always sad when father was away; then again, she was sad when he was here too... We had reached home by now and he set me down outside the door. Naneth was waiting there at the door, still holding a paint brush from her morning activities. In the garden around our rooms I heard the voices of Thorn and Arnor as they wove through the trees and flowers. Naneth's face was glowing with joy and her fair elven face lit up into a sad smile. She was beautiful, her silver hair flowing all around her like star light woven into substance and her graceful figure welcomed us. "Now, why don't you go play for a while nibin pen (little one) ? I will see you at dinner" father whispered to me, his hand resting on my shoulder as he crouched down by me side. I was unwilling to leave him but I nodded solemnly and ran off to find my friends. There were not many children here, for this was the home of the elves. My cousins and I were an exception, them being the direct youth of the Dúnedain line and me the daughter of an elf. It would have been awfully lonely without them here too, I thought. Who else could I complain to about the lessons Lord Elrond gave us? Who else's shoes could I hide when they weren't looking? "Arí! Over here!" Arnor called, his sharp eyes quickly seeing me as I squeezed through the undergrowth. The boys were sitting on one of the bridges, their feet dangling down. They were dropping large leaves into the water and watching as they drifted down stream to a small waterfall. "I win!" Thorn called, ruffling his brother's hair and pushing him to the side a bit. They were racing whose leaf reached the waterfall, I guessed. Arnor pushed the older boy away and flattened his hair, his face red as he glanced at me. "Can I play?" I asked sitting down next to them like they were. I swung my legs over the side, then looked at them to see if I was doing it the same way they were. "Sure, but you have to find a leaf first" Arnor said as he selected a large red leaf from his collection. I got up again and ran for the shrubbery to the side. Remember: YOU are my Beta, shall try and at least to get chapter two out fairly soon.