in Ithilien." "Yes." "Would you describe yourselves as friends? Or merely acquaintances?" Faramir looked desperately at Aragorn, but the other man only shrugged, his expression too mirthful to be remotely comforting. "I… I am honoured to call Legolas my friend," Faramir stammered. "You consider it an honour?" Denethor had never been this bad. "I… Legolas thinks…" Faramir was saved the trouble of thinking of something to say by a knock on the door. He turned, pathetically grateful, hoping against hope that it was Legolas come to rescue him. It was not. The entrant was clearly a warrior. He was not particularly tall, and he was slender, even for an Elf. But everything about him, from the soft-booted feet planted firmly on the ground to the knife tucked into his belt to the determined gleam in his grey eyes spoke of the perpetual preparedness that only came to veteran soldiers. "You have an impeccable sense of timing," Thranduil told the newcomer. "There is someone I want you to meet. This is Faramir, Prince of Ithilien. Prince Faramir, Lord Thorontur is our Archery Master." Faramir felt his eyes go even wider. He had heard of Thorontur: Legolas and all his friends spoke of Thranduil's Archery Master with a mixture of affection, awe, and something very close to fear. Aragorn had told him of once having seen Legolas and his seconds, Saeldur and Aeroniel, reduced to such a state of nerves by Thorontur's criticism during one of their practice sessions that they had fired fifteen arrows each and hit their target a sum total of eight times. At the time Faramir had laughed and assumed that Aragorn was embellishing a far less dramatic story; now, looking at the Archery Master, he could well believe it. "Prince Faramir," Thorontur said politely. Then, turning to the King, "Thranduil, I saw Legolas –" "Precisely what I wanted to speak to you about," the Elven-king interrupted smoothly. "And since Faramir and Aragorn are here, I would hear their views as well." "What about?" "Legolas. I really think I should recall him from Ithilien –" "What!" Aragorn said, startled into speaking. "But –" Thranduil shot him a look that would have had Faramir fleeing. "I did not say I wanted to hear your views before I had finished speaking, Estel." Aragorn met Thranduil's eyes for a long moment before nodding imperceptibly and dropping his gaze. "Forgive me, my King." Thranduil went on as though there had been no interruption. "I think I should recall Legolas from Ithilien. His childishness goes utterly unchecked there. It was unwise of me to permit it in the first place. With all of them there – and utterly unsupervised – something was bound to happen. And today's incident only confirms my view." "M-m-y King," Faramir stammered, finding his voice, "it was a completely unforeseen accident. We encountered danger –" "Danger? To Legolas? In the forest ?" "Legolas was not thinking about –" "That is precisely the problem. He never thinks." "He is young," Faramir pleaded desperately. "As to that, Prince Faramir, your grandfather's grandfather had not been born when Legolas took command of my archers." "Mistakes –" "Mistakes should not be made by responsible captains, Prince Faramir, because such mistakes cost the lives of warriors." Faramir looked at Aragorn for help. He was astounded that the King of Gondor had not already leapt to his friend's defence – he was quick enough to silence any of his courtiers who made snide comments about the presence of Elves in Ithilien. But Aragorn only shrugged helplessly. "My King," Faramir tried, "Legolas would never put anyone in danger." "You just told me you encountered danger on your way here." "But that had nothing to do with Legolas!" "If he had been paying attention –" "None of us was paying attention!" Thranduil raised an eyebrow, and Faramir flushed furiously at the thought that he had just interrupted the Elven-king. "Forgive me, my King, but – but – you cannot – you cannot ." "Do you tell me that I cannot command my own archers?" "No, of course not! I – I just – you cannot blame Legolas for – it was our fault, if anything. Aragorn – Aragorn was saying something about Arwen and I had reined in to listen, and Legolas was ahead but had to stop to –" "Faramir!" Aragorn snapped. " Enough! " Faramir started to protest, but at Aragorn's frown he turned back to Thranduil. "In any case, my King, it was not Legolas' doing." A soft sound from behind him made Faramir turn. Legolas was standing in the doorway, and clearly had been standing there for some time. Faramir had not heard him come in. The young Elf's expression was unreadable. Faramir looked back at Thranduil. He did not know what he expected to see – perhaps the blustering displeasure he had learnt to expect from his own father, perhaps remorse at having said more than he intended. What he did not expect to see was the Elven-king blushing like a child caught out in mischief. " Legolas ," Thranduil said. "Come in . I have been waiting for you." If Faramir had not been hearing it with his own ears he would not have believed that the Elven-king who had been storming about Legolas' childishness only moments ago was the same Elven-king who now sounded almost ingratiating . Legolas quirked an eyebrow and sketched a brief bow. "My Elven-lord." Thranduil held out his hand. Legolas only paused a moment before stepping forward. As soon as he was within reach, Thranduil seized his wrist and tugged. Legolas dropped easily to one knee before his father's chair. For a moment Thranduil and Legolas simply looked at each other. Words seemed unnecessary between them; Faramir felt a brief pang for something he had never known. Then, smiling, Thranduil said, "Your new friend is swift to defend you, Legolas, even to me. I believe I like him." What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!