is so drunk that he ends up hugging Elladan and bowing to Ellaurë. Legolas has noticed this, and I have a feeling that poor Eredhion will be hearing about it for a very long time. I suddenly remember how many centuries it has been since I reminded Thorontur of the night after his betrothal to Celebwen. Perhaps I will find time for that later. We usually try not to embarrass each other before our children, but if I can get him sufficiently inebriated, he is unlikely to recall enough to extract vengeance later. Thorontur is watching me with narrowed eyes. Maybe this time discretion is the better part of valour. He has extinguished the lamps and come to the firing line, and he grips Legolas' forearm in a warriors' greeting before bending to whisper something in his ear. Legolas looks appalled and shakes his head vehemently. I will have to find out what Thorontur has said. It has always been a sensible policy to keep a mental record of things with which I can threaten my son. There is suddenly a lot of noise. Most of the Elves have had rather a lot of wine, and it is a miracle that they managed to stay quiet this long. I am not displeased, because it is a happy noise that bodes well for my son, but the ceremony has to be completed. I nod to Arbellason, who yells, " Sedho! " There is immediate silence. Arbellason tends to have that effect on the warriors – on all Elves, for that matter. Elladan has Legolas' silver circlet. Legolas made a fuss about wearing that, but when I pointed out to him that the alternative was to let the ellith twine a crown of flowers in his hair, he decided that a circlet was not such a bad thing. I have learnt some tricks from my father. Legolas looks nervous again as the circlet is put on his head. It is not only the command of the Colhador that he takes on this particular begetting day. He will now begin carrying out his full duties as my heir. This means, among other things, that he will be Regent if I am absent. He has begged me not to go anywhere. I remember how nervous I was when I stood before my father like this. At that moment if someone had told me I could live out my days as a warrior and never have to lead anyone or give orders in my father's absence, I would have accepted the offer gratefully. I understand now why my father looked so proud on that day. Legolas comes forward, his steps faltering. The crowd parts to make way for him. When he reaches me, he drops to one knee, takes my hand, and, as he did when he first swore his oaths as a warrior, kisses the signet ring I wear. I want to snatch him up in my arms, but I wait patiently for him to stand. It seems to take an eternity. When at last he is on his feet, his eyes not quite meeting mine, I ask him if he is willing to command the Colhador. I have practised in secret, but now that the moment has come, I cannot keep the pride from my voice. "Yes, my King," Legolas mumbles, so softly that I am sure half the Elves have not heard him. They cheer all the same. I do not ask him if he is willing to take up the duties of my heir. Refusing is not an option there. Our people are fond of him, and they want him to play the part of a prince when he can be spared from his responsibilities as a warrior. Considering the fear they have to live with everyday, they deserve to have this. I take Legolas by the shoulders and turn him round to face the crowd. It is not only the warriors, now. Most of the Elves who were at the feast have turned up. The healers are standing in a small knot to one side, all frowning at Legolas suspiciously, as though they would not put it past him to break a rib or dislocate his shoulder while just standing there. I must admit that they have cause to be wary. " Mellyn nîn ," I say, and now I do not even try to keep the emotion from my voice, "I give you my son, Legolas Thranduilion, prince of the woodland realm and commander of my archers." Then I draw Thorontur forward, and add, "And I also give you our newest Archery Master." There is more cheering, and Thorontur is dragged away, presumably in the direction of more food and some wine. Several of Legolas' friends come up to us, and they distribute their congratulations evenly between us – mainly, I suspect, because they are too drunk to tell between us in the darkness. The young Elves also drift away in the direction of the feast. The sons of Elrond glance at me questioningly, and I know it is time for Legolas to go and have some real dinner, and possibly some more wine. But I want to speak to him first. I indicate that they should go on ahead, and they nod their understanding. When at last we are left alone, I turn to Legolas. And now words fail me. How can I tell him how proud I am of his skill, how much it means to me that he risks his life to defend our home and our people? How can I tell him how much I love him? Instead of saying anything, I pull him closer and kiss his brow. He reaches up to hug me, and I know there is no need for words. Like Lindariel, Legolas understands. Sindarin Translations Elleth (plural ellith ) - Female Elf Ada - Dad/Daddy Leithio! - Fire! Sedho! - Quiet! Mellyn nîn - My friends Good? Bad? Please review!