panicking. Legolas –" Saeldur's hand shoots out. From the corner of my eye I see Eredhion grasp the hilt of his sword. All Saeldur does, though, is clutch at my arm to anchor himself. I hold my breath, hoping Saeldur has not noticed Eredhion's movement. It is a vain hope. Saeldur is a trained warrior. Even distraught as he is, he turns slightly in the direction of the sound. He lets out a sharp, bitter laugh when he sees Eredhion, still with his hand on his sword. "You still think I will hurt Legolas?" "Saeldur," I begin, but he shakes his head. "I suppose I deserve no better." He takes a step back, holding up empty hands. "I have no weapons. I am sworn to defend Legolas –" "That did not stop you from nearly killing him –" " Eredhion! " I snap. "That is uncalled for." Saeldur's pleading gaze turns to me. "I would never hurt you." "I know." "Legolas may know," Eredhion growls. "I do not. I find it highly improbable that one of our finest warriors failed to notice that he had a sharpened blade –" "Eredhion," I say firmly. "That will do." "As you say, my prince." Eredhion does not sound at all repentant, but he lets the subject drop. I will accept that for now. The trees are quick to confirm Eglos' report, and calm enough that I know they are not trying to hide more difficult news. I heave a silent sigh of relief. As confident as I tried to appear for Saeldur's sake, I have been worried. I give the beech a pat, feeling its faint thrum of appreciation before I make my way back across the training fields. Saeldur, Eredhion and Voronwë trail behind me to the hall of the Colhador, where Colfind is the duty officer. "We need to send out an escort – two archers." I glance at Saeldur. "Do you want to ride with them?" "Please." I nod, turning back to Colfind. "Send for two of the archers, whoever is standing by today. Saeldur will lead them." I glance at Saeldur. "I expect they are no more than four or five hours' ride away by now. All the same, I would advise hastening them further. All things considered, it will be best if they are within the stronghold by dusk." Colfind inclines his head briefly before going off to issue the orders. I cross the hall to the small council chamber at the other end. Saeldur comes with me. I glare at Eredhion and Voronwë to prevent them from following. For once they obey, and I shut the door firmly before turning to my friend. He has dropped into a chair, head buried in his hands. I crouch beside him and squeeze his knee. "I cannot lose her." His voice is a desperate whisper. "Not now. Not so soon after Candnaur. I cannot lose her." "Nobody is losing anybody. Nobody is hurt." "Will you come with me now?" "Saeldur –" "Please, Legolas. I know they are in no danger, but if something should happen… Orcs, spiders, I do not dare say any part of the forest is safe. Not now. There is nobody whose hand I trust more on the bow. Please." Rochendilwen is away. Aeroniel is nursing a broken collarbone. If Saeldur and I both leave – " Please , Legolas." We will only be a few hours from the stronghold, after all. "I will come," I say, patting Saeldur's knee. "You will not go," Eredhion says flatly. "Not alone." "I thought we were past this." I check the last of the arrows the armourers delivered this morning, sliding a couple of handfuls into my quiver. "We will be in a safe area. There is no danger." "It is not that sort of danger we mean and you know it." Voronwë seizes my knives and tests the blades before handing them back to me. "It is your responsibility to fight the Shadow in these woods, Legolas. We would never keep you from your duty. You know that. But it is no part of your duty to put yourself in peril of a knife to the back, and it is no part of our duty to permit it." "I thought we all agreed that Saeldur could be trusted." "No, you said Saeldur could be trusted and we agreed that he was unlikely to have intended you harm." "That was not what you said earlier." Eredhion has the grace to blush. "I said more than I should have earlier. But the fact remains that, intentional or not, Saeldur has proven to have a regrettable lack of judgement in difficult situations." "That was my fault as much as it was his." I hold out my hands for Voronwë to tighten my vambraces. "I could have handled it better." "Saeldur could have avoided insubordination. No, Legolas. If you are going, we are coming with you. That is our last word on the matter." "Saeldur will think –" "That they do not trust me?" comes Saeldur's voice from the doorway. I wince and turn to the door, protest ready on my lips. Saeldur waves it aside. "They are wise not to trust me again so soon. I would not, in their position." He comes into my room, ignoring Voronwë and Eredhion and patting me lightly on the shoulder. "You have the luxury of forgetting wrongs done to you, Legolas. The Royal Guard does not." He glances at my guards. "Come, if you please, but do you truly think Legolas could not defend himself if I did decide to attack him?" "I do not doubt Legolas' ability to ward of a frontal attack," Voronwë says flatly. "Voronwë," I say as calmly as I can, "this is not helping. I will not try to prevent you from coming. I will not force you to choose between my orders and your… duty. But there will be no arguing." What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!