was not, as he usually did, using his knives to thrust through the weak spots in the orcs' armour. He was using them as though they were a pair of broadswords, and Elladan was certain that in a matter of minutes he would either shatter one of the blades or be mortally wounded. "Dan!" Aragorn's voice snapped behind him. "Stop gaping and fight!" Thranduil knew he could not keep it up long. Every second he was being reminded more clearly exactly why he disliked knives. He liked to able to let forth his anger with furious, sweeping strokes that clove through the toughest armour... And here he was being forced to thrust pointlessly at weaknesses like an Elfling sparring with a master swordsman. "Never again," he muttered, raising the knives to defend himself against a pair of orcs. This time he was unlucky; the knives were too small to give him adequate defence, and one orc knocked them aside while the other thrust easily past Thranduil's guard before the Elf could react. He felt a burning pain in his shoulder, gasped, and fell to the ground. He pushed himself hastily into a sitting position and reached for the knives he had dropped. The orcs came towards him with a menacing growl – But before they could take more than a step there was a flash of grey and Legolas was before them, Thranduil's sword held very firmly in his hands. Thranduil noted with more than a little concern that his son's right arm still seemed to be troubling him a little, which would make it even harder for him to fight with the unfamiliar weapon. Legolas held out longer than his father expected, but in a very short time the sword was knocked from his hand and he took an uncertain step back as the orcs advanced on him. "Here!" Thranduil called. "Take these!" At the sound of his father's voice Legolas turned, and held out his hands to catch the knives the Elven-king tossed to him. Elrohir was sure the entire line of Oropher had gone mad. First Legolas, and now Thranduil, who was one of the finest swordsmen Elrohir knew, had been disarmed by a pair of orcs . The orcs were almost all dead now; the few that remained were clustered around the Elven archers. Elrohir reached for his bow, hoping to get a couple of arrows off if it looked like the Elven-king was in need of help. He felt Elladan and Aragorn doing the same thing beside him. "This is ridiculous," Aragorn muttered. Elladan laughed. "Look at it this way; if one of us has to shoot to save Legolas, he will never live it down." Elrohir could not help grinning at that. He saw the orcs advancing on Thranduil, and raised his bow, taking careful aim... But they were too close together, and while he might have trusted his hand if he had been on one of the archery fields, this was too great a risk... Then Legolas shouted something, and Thranduil turned and snatched out of the air the twin knives that were thrown in his direction. He whipped around to face the orcs again, a grim smile on his face, although Elrohir had no idea how he hoped to defend himself with knives when his sword had proved useless. One of the orc blades came down – And was met by a knife that knocked it aside and did not pause to defend, but thrust forward into the gap in the armour under the orc's arm. "That can't be Thranduil," Elladan said in disbelief. "He hates knives." "It isn't," Aragorn said, his eyes suddenly sparkling with amusement. "It's Legolas ." "My King?" Elrohir said softly, as he, Elladan and Thranduil watched Aragorn blindfold Legolas carefully. "Yes?" "Why did you do it?" "I will tell you if you promise never to tell Elrond –" "We won't," Elladan put in. "Or Galadriel or Celeborn –" "We won't," Elrohir said. "Very well, then." Thranduil drew in a deep breath, squared his shoulders, and turned to face the two younger Elves. "I had negotiated the price of wine and cloth and spice for eight days and I was bored." " Bored? " Elladan asked, his voice quivering. "You mean – you did all this because –" "Don't," Thranduil implored. "I have had one lecture from Legolas already. I cannot take another one, definitely not from the two of you." Elrohir pretended to look hurt. "So the Elfling who has seen the inside of a healing ward more often than any other Elf in all Arda –" "Only because I had to keep visiting you there," came Legolas' clear voice. "You concentrate on your shooting, Elfling," Elrohir called back. "My King, you think Legolas is fit to lecture you but we are not?" There was a shout of, "Ready!" from Aragorn, then by a faint tinkle and the thunk of metal hitting metal, followed by scattered cries of appreciation from the watching men. "Of course not," Thranduil said. "I think that Legolas needs the example of two sensible and well-behaved ellyn like yourselves so that he may learn to conduct himself in a manner more befitting my heir. Would any other Prince have ridden to battle disguised as his father?" At Elrohir's incredulous look, he said, " I am a King who rode to battle disguised as my son. That is entirely different." The twins were laughing so helplessly that they failed to see Legolas pull off the blindfold and turn to face them, eyes gleaming with mischief as he took another arrow from his quiver. Sindarin Translations Ada – Dad/Daddy Lasto – Listen Tithen pen – Little one Penneth – Young one Daro! – Stop! Mae govannen. – Well met. Mellon n î n – My friend Gwador nîn – My (sworn) brother Aran nîn – My king Elen síla lúmenn' omentielvo. – A star shines on the hour of our meeting. Good? Bad? Please review!