the second use of that word. "I am not a pervert. I had no way of knowing that that was what you were doing. I thought you were just walking around." Finra stood in front of him when she was fully clothed again and looked down her nose at him, showing all her regal blood in the glare. "Yes, but you didn't try not to look until I asked for my clothes. You saw me, and that makes you a pervert. Now good night, I will see you at the council meeting tomorrow." The next morning Lillian was the first to arrive at the council. She stood alone looking over the balcony down to the waterfalls and river contemplating her revenge plans against that wolf girl. Ironically behind her Finra walked onto the balcony. She smiled happily as she recognized the back of her first elfish friend. "Hi!" Finra stood close next to Lillian as she stiffened at the sound of Finra's voice. "I haven't seen you since I got here! How have you been? I think Arwen might have been purposely keeping us apart but I don't know why." Lillian sighed. "She's been keeping us apart on Lord Elrond's orders, because they know that I hate you." She turned towards Finra dropping her usual pretense of a smile and glaring at the girl. Finra looked at her surprised. "You hate me? Why would you hate me? I thought we were friends." Lillian then explained what had happened to Thorin during the battle of five armies in great detail. "Well, I was told that my parents were great warriors in that battle, but I never heard of that." Lillian trembled with her rage. "Great warriors!? But… They… Thorin!" Finra noticed Lillian's tension and hoped to help her, "You know, in Eldoor, we spar to work out tensions between people. Would you like to spar with me?" Lillian's smirked as she saw the opportunity for her revenge. "Yes… absolutely…" She stepped a few paces away from Finra and stopped in a fighting stance. As soon as Finra moved into her own stance Lillian swiftly moved forward to punch at Finra. The fist was blocked but Lillian dropped to try and kick Finra's feet out from under her. Lillian could see the joy and excitement in Finra's eyes and it fed the rage in Lillian's as they exchanged more blows, neither actually landing any of their hits. Soon Lillian lost her patience and drew one of the two knives she kept on her waist and pressed it to Finra's neck after twisting impossibly out of a hold Finra had her in. As she cut the wolf's neck slightly, though Lillian felt Finra's nails pressed and cutting into her neck at the same time. At that moment though the two girls felt themselves being flung apart by what seemed like invisible hands. Finra was pressed against a pillar and Lillian forced down into a chair. They looked up to see Lord Elrond entering with Gandalf the Grey. They both struggled against Gandalf's magic but for different reasons. Finra pouted and whined at the elf lord and wizard. "Aw, Elrond, why'd you stop us? We were having so much fun sparring together. Lillian's my best friend!" Elrond sighed half in exasperation, half in amusement at this stranger who showed him no respect that anyone else in Middle Earth would show him. "There will be no fighting at this council meeting. Now, sit down." Finra was released and she sat down still pouting until she noticed Legolas enter behind Elrond and Gandalf. She was excited to see the elf but she was also still embarrassed because of the previous night so she stopped pouting but refused to meet his eyes as he sat next to her for the council. Lillian on the other hand struggled against Gandalf's magic and had nearly broken through the spell when Gandalf put a little extra effort into it and clamped down on her so hard she gritted her teeth and dropped her knife. At the look Elrond gave her she stopped fighting and when released she stood and bowed to her Lord. "Forgive me Lord Elrond." She sat again grumpily, still glaring at Finra from across the semi-circle of chairs. She felt someone sit down next to her and looked to see Gimli, Gloin on his other side and beyond Bilbo and Frodo. Gimli looked at her admiringly. "I knew you were strong, Lady, but never did I believe you had enough power to fight against a spell from such a mighty wizard." Lillian sighed and turned her glaring back to Finra. "Would that I could've just broken it. Then my revenge would be finally and completely enacted." Gimli frowned slightly at that, but turned his attention to Elrond as he began to speak as everyone else expected had gathered. He spoke in detail about the ring, its master, and their enemies. Bilbo told his story to the crowd and Gimli even took a turn to speak of his people's dealings that could've been connected to the enemy. Boromir spoke and argued for his people and gained Aragorn's help once they reached Minis Tirith. Then Elrond finally called for the volunteer to carry the ring. Neither Lillian nor Finra joined in the council huge argument at that point until Frodo stood and volunteered, then they both quickly stood and volunteered to accompany him as did several others and the other hobbits seemed to scurry out from the woodworks. Elrond declared them the Fellowship of the Ring and Lillian groaned to herself when she realized that she had volunteered so quickly that she hadn't noticed Finra had volunteered with her. As she was later getting ready for the journey though Lillian sighed aloud, she couldn't kill a fellow member of the Fellowship. Revenge was ruined she thought, until she remembered the looks Finra and Legolas had shared during the meeting and Lillian smiled brightly to herself. Well, new plan then…