excited squeals from the children. Gimli hesitated over his next words. Most spells he had heard used were in the Elven tongues. Even the spell that held the gates of Moria had required a Sindarin word. But although he could speak some Sindarin, he doubted he could manage it well enough to deceive Elboron, who had been encouraged by both his parents to spend as much time as he chose among the Elves of Ithilien and consequently spoke the language of the Sindar as well as he spoke Westron and Rohirric. What of it? He was a Dwarf, and he would use Dwarven words for his spell. If Legolas did not like it, the fool Elf might give him more warning another time. He hissed, the Khuzdul word for wolf , making Elladan's eyes narrow in mild disapproval. Elves had a fear of magic in other tongues, especially, according to Legolas, the Noldor, who had been deceived in the past. "Say it," Gimli urged the children. "The more you speak it, the stronger the magic." Elfwine was the first to repeat the word, and the others began after him. Gimli followed with more Khuzdul words, and for some time all that was audible was childish voices repeating whatever Gimli said. Then, all of a sudden, the fire roared back to life. Elrohir, tall and broad-shouldered and very much still an Elf, stood exactly where he had been a moment before. Gimli frowned. "It should have worked." A sudden sharp squeak from one of the children made him turn. Éowyn, who had been standing beside Legolas, was gone. In her place was a large – large –wolf, with a shaggy grey coat and bright eyes and – Teeth like daggers. Gimli just managed not to shriek aloud. "What… what happened ?" he asked. "Is it not obvious?" Elladan's voice was suspiciously devoid of inflection. "You must have been trying the spell on Legolas instead of Elrohir – one of your jokes, I expect, Master Gimli." "One of… my… jokes?" "I can only assume so. Unlike Elrohir, Legolas has no Mannish forefathers. I doubt the spells of mortals have any effect on those with none of the blood of mortals. So your spell, unable to act on its intended target, chose the nearest Mortal. Lady Éowyn." "One of my jokes?" Gimli asked again. "What else could it have been?" Legolas asked. "No matter. Once the children have satisfied themselves that the spell worked, you can reverse it and all will be as it was." "I… I can?" None of the Elves responded, and everyone else appeared too stunned to speak. "Uncle Legolas," Elboron said at last, "is that… Is that my mother?" "You will have to ask Master Gimli that. Come and meet her." Legolas' hand had dropped to the wolf's head. "It is perfectly safe, I promise you." At a discreet nod from Legolas, Faramir dropped to one knee beside the wolf and held out a hand. "Éowyn." The wolf – Éowyn, and Gimli could scarcely believe the Elves had actually gone that far – sniffed his fingers briefly, swiped her tongue across them, and then pressed her head up into Legolas' hand again. To Gimli's surprise, Elanor was the first of the children to dare to come forward. Sam looked nervous, but he said nothing. The wolf accepted Elanor's touch without demur, and it was not long before the other children were gathered around, gently patting her and hurling excited questions at Gimli. Fortunately, they did not wait for any answers. Legolas kept a watchful eye on the wolf and the children. After a few minutes, when it appeared to Gimli that the wolf was growing restive, he said, "Master Gimli, how long is it safe to allow the spell to continue?" Gimli took the hint. "Ah. Er… Yes. We should stop. Form a circle again. And… Lady Éowyn, if you would stand…" Legolas gestured subtly. "Beside Legolas! Please stand beside Legolas. The… ah… the angle. That is the correct angle." Gimli had no idea if the wolf understood him, but it went to Legolas and stood quietly to heel. He did as he had done earlier, waving his axe handle and trying to give everyday Khuzdul the sound of arcane magic. He did not ask the children to repeat after him, this time; he feared to provoke the wolf. He had his eyes on the wolf instead of Legolas, and so it took him by surprise when the room was plunged into darkness. He thought he heard growling, but it was low enough that he might have imagined it. When the fire lit itself again, Éowyn was standing between Legolas and Faramir, eyes bright with mirth. "Master Gimli," she said breathlessly, "that was delightful." That, Gimli thought sourly, was certainly true, since Éowyn was the only one, other than the Elves, who appeared to understand what was happening. "And now," Faramir said firmly to the children, "it is time for bed. I think you have all had enough excitement for one day." "But Father –" "Uncle Faramir, it is still early –" "Lord Faramir," Elanor began sweetly. Faramir held up a hasty hand to forestall her. "If you go to bed now, quietly , Master Gimli will go with you and tell you another story." Gimli, who had just been thinking of a happy evening spent in the company of friends with foaming tankards of good ale, choked. "Faramir!" But it was too late. Elanor's wide eyes had turned on him. " Please , Uncle Gimli." "Oh, very well," Gimli muttered, ignoring the snickering from Pippin. "I will tell you a story." He stumped out of the room, herding the children ahead of him, waiting until he was standing in the doorway to say, "What do you say to the story of Faramir and his pet dragon?" He shut the door on Faramir's startled protest and the sound of Éowyn's laughter. What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!