dance with Rosie. Come on. We'll make him switch partners again, whether he wants to or not." She insisted a grim look of determination coming over her face. "Are you sure?" He asked, and she simply nodded her head in response, preparing herself as the two lads began to spin their girls out and she was about to put herself at the mercy of an extremely furious Richard Grubb. At that very moment another figure stepped in, taking her into his arms and leading her away at a brisk pace left the offensive hobbit standing there all alone completely irate. "Pippin!" Mina cried as she realized who her rescuer was, and laughed at the cocky grin on his face as he looked down at her. "It seems you've been getting yourself into the wrong kind of trouble Miss Noake's. Don't you know it's bad form to get involved with a Grubb. Much better to be with a Took." He informed her jokingly. "Oh really?" She teased the boy who had to be undoubtedly her best friend in the entire world (aside from maybe Sam). "I'm glad you're here to set me straight then." "Anytime." He assured her. "Now let's go steal some fireworks shall we?" Ebony was nibbling at her apple from her spot atop the fireworks cart, when she suddenly heard Gandalf rounding the corner. Startled and having nowhere else to go, she fell backwards into the cart itself, letting out a little, "Eeep!" as she did so. Gandalf reached in and grabbed an armful of his prized creations before heading off once again to join in the revelry. Merry peeped out from behind the tent, just as Ebony pulled her way to the surface and nodded down at him. "Quickly!" He cried tapping on the tent from which his three friends suddenly appeared. "Get the goods." Pippin immediately grabbed Mina from around the waist and lifted her up beside Ebony before following himself, while Violet and Merry kept watch on the ground. Both of the Tooks grabbed the first firework they saw and were about to climb out when Violet hissed at them. "No, no the big one, big one." Looking more carefully Mina instantly spotted a big, red, dragon shaped firework and held it high for the others approval. "Perfect! Now come on!" Pippin said leaping from the cart before reaching up for her, and practically carrying both her and the firework as he darted away, the others not far behind them. All except for Merry who waited a moment to pick up the apple Ebony had dropped in her haste. Dusting it off he took a big bite before turning to follow his friends. "Done." Pippin said quite pleased with himself as he lit the firework in a nearby tent. "You're supposed to stick it in the ground!" Merry yelled at him. "It is in the ground." Pippin insisted. "Outside!" Ebony explained torn between laughing and screaming herself. "Well then you take it!" He said shoving it into her arms. "No let Violet take it!" "Oh no! Pippin's the one who lit it!" "It was Merry's idea!" But just before Pippin could pass the firework off once again, it went off taking the whole tent with it and sending the five conspirators crashing to the ground. Hobbits everywhere began to scream and run as it turned into what appeared to be a fire breathing dragon soaring right over their heads before returning to the sky and exploding into a million breathtaking colors. "That was good!" Merry said, grinning excitedly at their accomplishment. "Let's get another one!" Pippin agreed, but before either of them could make a move they were assailed from behind. "Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took. I might have known." Gandalf said holding the two boys by their ears. "Oh I wouldn't be off in such a hurry if I were you ladies. You're not off the hook either. Violet Cotton, Aquamarine Noakes, and Ebony Took. I'm very disappointed in you." He called out to the three girls who had tried to sneak off while he was distracted, and now were turning to grin sheepishly back up at him. All except for Ebony that is. "But not surprised right?" She asked absolutely beaming with pride at being a part of this little group of mischief makers. Gandalf only smirked in reply, before setting them all to washing dishes as a suitable punishment. "Speech, Bilbo! Speech!" The Hobbits cried excitedly, and Jessamine quickly joined in from her spot beside Frodo and Sam (she wasn't s certain of what exactly had become of the rest of her friends, but she was pretty sure the surprise firework she had seen earlier had something to do with it) as Bilbo smiled down at them before beginning to speak. "My dear Bagginses and Boffins, Tooks and Brandybucks, Grubbs, Chubbs, Hornblowers, Bolgers, Bracegirdles, and Proudfoots." He began, each family cheering as he said their name, including one of the Proudfoots who called out "Proudfeet!" as a correction (they get their names for a reason you know). "Today is my One hundred and eleventieth birthday." "Happy birthday!" They all shouted in return. "Alas, eleventy-one years is far too short a time to live among such excellent and admirable hobbits. I don't know half of you half as well as I should like, and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve." It was silent for a moment, and Jessamine couldn't help but giggle as the rest of the hobbits tried to figure out whether to be insulted or pleased. "I, uh, I have things to do. I've put this off far too long. I regret to announce – this is the end. I am going now. I bid you all a very fond farewell. Goodbye." He continued in a soft halting voice and then suddenly he vanished. Frodo's joke is the best pun I've heard in my life! I hope you enjoyed yourself! Please leave a review!