be near Legolas, Lady Celebwen, until we have learnt the truth." Looking from Eredhion and Voronwë, standing immovably in the path of anyone who might attempt to enter the room, to Saeldur, whose eyes were like flint, Thranduil knew that not even a direct order from him would make them yield, not when they saw a threat to Legolas. "Legolas will not last another day if you do not let me help him," said Celebwen. Nobody said anything, but Thranduil could tell that all the young Elves were aware of that. Saeldur's fingers were so tight around the cup Thranduil feared it might break. "Thranduil," Thorontur urged, "say something." Thranduil glanced around the room again. "I find it very difficult to believe that Celebwen has anything but Legolas' best interests in mind." He raised a hand to forestall Saeldur's objection. "That said, I find it even more difficult to believe my son's friends would risk his wellbeing without a very good reason." 6 September, Evening A lone Elf was in a store room by the Healing Wards. The door was open, but the shadows concealed him from any passersby in the corridor. He had seen Rochendilwen ride into the courtyard, even her battle-trained charger rolling its eyes and prancing nervously at the smell of blood. He had followed her discreetly. He had waited to see the flurry of activity in the Healing Wards as she handed Legolas into their care. He had waited to see Lord Thorontur, breathless with anxiety, burst into the room. He was waiting still. His patience was rewarded when the door opened. Rochendilwen and Lord Thorontur stepped into the corridor, followed by Lady Celebwen, Lord Thorontur's wife and one of the most experienced healers of the realm. The Elf prepared to strain his ears, but, unaware of any listeners, Lady Celebwen did not bother to lower her voice. "It is too soon to say anything." There was an undercurrent of tension, perhaps of fear. Good. Fear was good. "There seems little doubt that the blade was poisoned. It is a bad wound in any case. Saeldur did well with the stitches, or Legolas would not have lasted the ride." "When will you know something?" Thorontur asked, his normally steady voice shaking. "I will tell you, meleth , as soon as I do. But you cannot do Legolas any good by hovering. Neither of you can. Go out, go to the archery ranges. I will send someone for you." She went back in, shutting the door firmly. Rochendilwen and Thorontur stayed where they were, until sudden running footsteps made them start. The Elf leaned out a little to see the newcomer. Aeroniel; by the look of her, she had just returned from patrol and heard the rumours. "How is he?" she demanded. Then, taking in the sight of Rochendilwen's bloodstained tunic, "Elbereth Gilthoniel. Is that all from Legolas? What do the healers say?" "That we must wait." Thorontur shook his head. "I do not like it, either, but my wife and daughters have the right of this. If only Barancrist had not gone with Thranduil…" "Lady Celebwen is a skilled healer, my lord," Aeroniel said quietly. "Oh, she is. But Celebwen is too fond of Legolas to think entirely objectively. And Melda and Calathiel do not have as much experience as she does. Feredir is at least accustomed to treating Legolas…" "But he has gone with the King," Aeroniel finished. "It is a difficult situation… We should speak to the archers. They have been hearing all sorts of rumours. Half of them fear Legolas is dead and we are keeping it secret." She glanced at Rochendilwen. "They cannot see you looking like that, or they will all believe Legolas is dead. Get a fresh tunic. Then we can go." The Elf waited until all three of them had gone before slipping out of the store room. He hurried out of the stronghold to a small room behind the smithy, where his parents were waiting. "It is time," he said, without giving them a chance to speak. " Adar – naneth – it is time." "What happened, Arahael?" His father pulled him inside and shut the door. "Tell us everything." "Legolas was injured in the south. Saeldur sent him back – with Rochendilwen. I never thought Saeldur would show such good sense. It is the perfect arrangement." "Injured how?" "A wound from an Orc blade. The healers are still with him, so I do not know how serious it was. But Rochendilwen was covered in so much blood she looked as though she had slaughtered a horse." "If we are lucky," said Lord Míron, "it will have been serious enough to kill him. But we cannot leave it to chance. Which healers are with him?" "Lord Thorontur's wife and daughters." "Even better. And Saeldur is still in the south. Do you know when he is expected to return?" "The archers are expected to break camp the day after tomorrow, at first light. They will not be trying to outrun Námo as Rochendilwen was, so they will take at least three days on the journey." "We must act quickly, then." "No," said Arahael's mother sharply. "We must not be hasty. Thranduil and Arbellason are away, and, by happy chance, those of the healers who have the most experience in matters of poison are with them. Saeldur is in no danger of being suspected, since he is not even here. We will not have such an opportunity again, and we must not squander it by being rash." "What are we to do, then?" The elleth smiled. "There are messages to be sent to our friends. I will see to that. In the meantime, try to act normal. Nobody must suspect anything amiss. Now go. We will not speak of this again. What we do is necessary, but it is a dark thing to kill an Elf. Let it be done in silence." What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!