and said, "They do not do it for his sake." "My Queen?" "Go lightly on him. You cannot pretend you have not noticed it. It is impossible not to notice." Gimli nodded, his throat tight. "They treat him as though he were a student again; they do not let him win, but they do hold back. It is difficult for him, but it would be harder to be disarmed in the first ten seconds. That is why I have not objected, although, as I said, it is not for his sake that they do it." "Why?" "My brothers will sail soon," she said. "I think they do not want to be here... at the end. Legolas has promised to stay as long as Estel is... with us. I do not think he entirely understands just how difficult it will be when the time comes. But I am glad he will be here. Elves hate partings, Gimli. When forever truly is forever, and when you know that the moment must come... Why do you think I have never returned to Imladris?" Gimli stared at her, a thousand questions whirling through his mind. "What do you do when that parting comes?" Arwen shrugged, half-amused, half-rueful. "We grieve. We sing. And we never forget." Last scene of all, That ends this strange eventful history, Is second childishness and mere oblivion, Sans teeth, sans eyes, sans taste, sans everything. Legolas stood in the doorway, afraid to enter, afraid not to enter. When Aragorn had sent for him, he had ridden at once and ridden hard, his instincts telling him that it was time. Now, as his eyes alighted on his friend, he knew he had been right. Aragorn was still not decrepit. He had the use of all his faculties and his movements were vigorous, if not as brisk as before. But there was something in his eyes, something that Legolas had not seen in any Elf. His friend looked weary in a way that frightened the young Elf. "Estel?" Aragorn looked up at him, and although he was the younger by several centuries, his eyes softened into an expression of paternal affection. It darkened into sorrow almost at once. "I am sorry, Elfling." He beckoned to Legolas to enter and shut the door. When the Elf had done so, he went on, "I should have given more thought to what it would do to you to see this. Perhaps it would have been best for you to go when my brothers did." " No ," Legolas said sharply. Then, after a moment, "That is irrelevant in any case. I am here." "You know why I called you?" "I can guess." Legolas crossed the room swiftly, dropping to one knee beside Aragorn's chair. It was only when a smile flickered across his friend's face that he realized he had responded to Aragorn as he would to his own father. "Is that how old I seem to you now?" Aragorn asked, amusement lacing his tone. "It is well past time to be gone." " Estel! " "I am sorry, Elfling. I should not have said that." A trembling hand rested on Legolas' bowed head for a moment. Then it was gone, and Aragorn spoke again. "Go to Eryn Lasgalen when this is done, Legolas." Legolas looked up, startled. "I thought you would tell me to leave." "I do think you should leave, but perhaps... after it is over... you will need the comfort of your father's presence more than what lies across the Sea. I do not know, but he will. Go to him. And do as he tells you." Legolas rolled his eyes. "And you wonder why I think you are like him!" His voice did not shake too much, for which he was grateful. "He is wise. He saw this day coming when I was sixteen." Aragorn paused, looking at Legolas thoughtfully. "He also told me I would regret giving you this grief far more than you would regret going through it. Are you sure he does not have the ability to foretell the future?" "I have never been entirely certain," Legolas admitted. Then, because he could push it aside and speak about other things, but he could not dismiss the thought entirely, "Must it be now?" "Would you have me linger on until age weakens me even further, Elfling? Do you remember how it was for Faramir at the end?" Legolas flinched involuntarily, and Aragorn sighed. "I will come to that, in time, if I overstay my years. And once the decline begins, it will progress swiftly. In a few years you will barely know me. I will not be able to lift my sword; I may not even be able to stand unaided. I do not want your last memory of me to be of a decrepit old man drinking broth in his bed." He hesitated, hand ghosting over Legolas' head again. "Promise me you will go to your father, Elfling. I will have no peace if I do not know that you are safe." Slowly, Legolas nodded, blinking tears out of his eyes. "We will sing of you in the Blessed Realm," he offered. "I know you will." Aragorn slid a hand under Legolas' chin and tilted it up, forcing the Elf to meet his serious grey eyes. "When you do, sing of me as I was, when we sparred in the gardens of Imladris, when I wooed Arwen in the eaves of the Golden Wood, when you and Gimli and I hunted Orc through the wilds." "We will remember all of you, Estel." It was Aragorn's turn to nod. His hand dropped to Legolas' shoulder. He squeezed it once, convulsively, and then released it, clenching his fist around the arm of his chair. Legolas, understanding, stood to leave. When he reached the doorway, Aragorn said, "Legolas." The Elf turned. "Thank you." " No celin a melthin idh raid lîn, Estel. " What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!