us in Imladris, although by then the Watchful Peace had ended and he could ill be spared. Perhaps our hurts ran deeper. Perhaps if somebody had stopped us that first time, it would have been different." Then he managed a smile. "But if we had not been out hunting Orc, we would not have been there to persuade your mother to bring you to Imladris. So it has not all been bad." He gave Estel's hand a light squeeze. "Has Legolas ever joined –?" Estel began, and then stopped abruptly when Elrohir and Legolas came to join them. "Joined their hunting?" Legolas enquired, and Estel realized with a start that the two Elves had probably heard everything. "I have never joined them actively, but I have helped , as I did today." "Everyone must surely praise my foresight now," Elrohir said, trying to lighten the mood. "I always said it was a good idea to teach the Elfling how to shoot." Estel tried to smile. Hours later, Estel, buried under a pile of blankets, was drifting in and out of a restless doze while on either side of him Elladan and Elrohir slept as even Elves had to when they had been through several days of very rough and nearly-ceaseless battle. Legolas, who had volunteered to take the night's watch, was high in the branches of a tree. Jerked to abrupt awareness by the sound of laughter above him, Estel opened his eyes. For a moment he looked around, puzzled; then more laughter floated down from above. He scrambled to his feet, careful not to disturb the sleeping Elves, and peered up at the interlocking branches overhead. Moonlight glinting on the tip of an arrow showed him the Elf's location. As silently as he could, Estel scooped up a handful of snow, balled it, and flung it into the tree at Legolas. Whether it was Legolas or the oak tree that realized the snowball was coming Estel never found out. At any rate, there was a sudden creaking noise as an oak branch lowered itself, an audible snicker, and the young man found himself being seized by the scruff of his tunic. Estel did not bother to protest when, after being hauled unceremoniously through the branches, he found himself settled comfortably on a thick one with his back resting against the tree trunk. Legolas was on one slightly below; but he was standing on it, so that his eyes were level with the young man's. "Why are you not asleep?" "I cannot sleep," Estel confessed, as the snow, which had held off for most of that day, began to fall again. "I keep thinking about... about... how I ran into the battle. I thought it would help me, but I hated it later. I hated the idea of what I had done, but I do not know why. I do not think I will ever be a good warrior, Legolas. I could barely think during the battle; when it was over I did not even remember most of what had happened." "Estel, that happens to everyone. It is one of Eru's mercies. There are very few battles I can remember clearly, and I am grateful for that. If you dislike the idea of having killed Orcs so much, think of what it would be like to live with the memory of blood and death." "You do not understand," Estel mumbled. "What do I not understand?" "I did not fight because it was the right thing to do, or because the Orcs were evil, or even because I wanted to help Elladan and Elrohir. I fought because – because of my father, and Lady Celebrían. Lord Glorfindel always says you should not fight in anger." Estel's voice began to shake. Legolas vaulted himself up onto his friend's branch at once, putting his hands on the slender shoulders. "I am frightened of myself," Estel went on unhappily. "I am frightened of what I could become." "Good." Since this was the last answer he had expected, Estel stared at Legolas in shock. The Elf laughed. "As long as you are frightened," he explained, "you will not become the thing that you fear. It is only when you stop being frightened that I will begin to worry." "What about Elladan and Elrohir?" "What about them?" "You heard what Elladan said. They will not stop." "I did not expect them to." Legolas undid his cloak and handed it to Estel, who had begun to shiver despite the thick coat he wore. "It would mean nothing if they stopped because I or anybody else wanted them to. They must stop because they want to. That is the only way they will find peace... For now, it is enough that we will spend Yule together in Imladris. That was the best I expected." "Is there nothing I can do to help?" "I think you help them more than you know," Legolas said quietly. "You help us all more than you could possibly imagine, Estel." Smiling at the young man, he added, "And now you should go to sleep." "I will need help getting down," Estel said, leaning to his right to peer at the drop to the ground. "I cannot jump that distance." "Down? Who said anything about getting down? It is snowing and you will be buried by morning." Before Estel could demand an explanation, he found the branches closing around him, sheltering him from the cold. "Do not worry," Legolas said. "The tree will not let you fall. I should go wake your brothers, although it really would serve them right to be buried in a snowdrift. Sleep well." Then the Elf was gone, and Estel was alone with the stars. But the tree was surprisingly comfortable, and the babble of familiar voices and laughter was soothing. It was not long before the young man was fast asleep, cradled safely by the branches of the ancient tree. What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!