for me. Wed with me here, now. Then come back to me. And promise me to always come back to me." "I'll go for the masters," Telson promised, scurrying away. "Tel, no!" Adda cried. Faramir watched the deep breath she took lift her breasts. Her hands fisted at her sides. "Damn it," she muttered beneath her breath. "They won't listen to a word I say..." To his utmost surprise she reached for his hand and took off after the older elf. "What is going on?" he asked as he trotted behind her through the winding passages. He'd never been here before but had heard tales of it. Lothlorien was more familiar to him, but even that not much. More frequently had he visited his wife's childhood home in Rohan, sometimes even taking the eldest child of the house of Gondor with them after his wife's death four years hence. There he'd feel secure and confident. Here he wondered if he'd ever find his way out again if she left him alone. "My uncles-they're the rash type," she panted. "Your grandfather is one of the wisest beings of any race to ever walk this earth," Faramir argued. "He'll temper them." "You think he'll get the chance if Telson goes to Ellrohir and Elladan first? Plus Ellodan's wife-Afir is-" She stopped abruptly and Faramir bounced into her. "Afir is what?" the she-elf asked, standing in the crossways. Her arms were crossed over her breasts. Even in the deep sea-colored gown with its long, flowing cuffs edged in silver lace she was formidable. "Charming, sensible, and rational," Adda warned the other woman. "That she is. This is the human?" she asked. Adda closed her eyes. "He man-handled you, now he chases you through our forefather's halls? He wishes to take the baby?" Adda had already begun shaking her head. "I dragged him-and since I was the one to go to his be-" "Move, sister-cousin," Afir ordered. Addabellia shook her head. Faramir stepped around her. "Let them eke out their punishment as well." He met the elder's gaze. Her eyes were dark brown-nearly black-and fathomless. She watched his carefully as he held his arms wide, then slowly reached to unbuckle his weapons belt. "I took her to my bed without leave of her guardian. I was unwise and greedy and selfish when I did so. Then I said something that she misconstrued-something that hurt her." He tossed the belt to the side where it landed against the wall with much noise. Afir's brow rose. "You expect me to believe that you'll just stand there while my husband and his brother beat the life out of you for violating our kinswoman?" Faramir nodded. Both of the women in the chamber saw him swallow deeply. He turned only his head and looked at Adda. "I want my child recognized. Take Rahgi and yourself and make your way back to Gondor. Call yourself by my name, for I would have you." "I'm too stubborn to leave you here to this," Adda told him with a half-grin. It melted as the twin brothers clambered into the corridor behind her. "He's already received his punishment from Aragorn," she began, whirling so that she stood back to back with Faramir. Faramir took her by the shoulders and physically moved her aside. "Their quarrel is with me, I believe," he murmured in her ear. "See!" Telson shouted from behind the boys. "See how he touches her! Like any man has a right to touch the daughter of Agratt that way!" "Forgive her," Adda whispered to Faramir, leaning close so that she could speak into his ear. "My father's mother was precious to her. She's lost almost everyone, but has always found a reason not to go on to the Western lands." "What punishment did Lord Aragorn mete out for your sins, my lord Faramir?" one of the boys asked. Faramir never had figured out a way to tell them apart at first glance. "A sentence of one hundred lashes, reduced to twenty." "You stood for only one-fifth of your penance?" Afir sneered. Adda rounded on her. "He took twenty. It was more than he should have ever had to receive. More than any man should. Whipping a man is an archaic brutality and-" "Hush, little one," Afir said softly. She sensed the younger girl getting wound up again. Telson had said that she'd walked in to find Addabellia sobbing uncontrollably. As young and slight as she was, they didn't want to add any further stress to her pregnancy. "No more," Adda sobbed, turning to Ellrohir and Elladan. Tears broke free again. She put her hands on the man's shoulders and lowered her brow to the back of his neck. "No more." The elves watched the human's face. They saw his pain and his sorrow. His empathy for the woman behind him. "Wait," he mouthed silently. Elladan lifted an eyebrow at Ellrohir. Wait . The human was willing to take what they dished out, he was only asking them to wait to do it so that their niece wasn't disturbed. It was hard to hate a considerate asshole. Ellrohir nodded once, slightly, to Elladan. "Adda, show Lord Faramir where the nursery is so that he might visit his son; I'll have his things sent up to the guest chambers in the second tower." Faramir had turned, taking Adda into his arms. "Did it scar you?" she asked through her tears. She'd seen prisoners and slaves who bore the evidence of their master's heavy hands. Twenty lashes sounded not a lot to her kinsmen. She knew what one lash did to human flesh. And Faramir's back had been crisscrossed by the gashes and welts. "Not badly," he murmured, brushing a hand over her hair. "It's not bad, Addabellia. I promise you. Your brother healed me instantly-you know that. There's nothing left." She cried a while longer before allowing him to run his hands over her face, then she lifted her lips to his.