give the boys their archery lesson." "I am not tired in the least. If I can be of service in some way..." "If you desire," Thandraug said, resigned, "I can take you to Lord Aragorn. He always takes an interest in the training of the children. I am certain he would like to meet you. He might even have some suggestions for you." "I would not like to disturb Lord Aragorn," Suiadan murmured. "I am certain he has much to do. Perhaps I will explore the forest." Thandraug did not bother to offer the young man a guide. He had a strong feeling that such an offer would be rejected at once, and some plausible but highly irregular reason given. Not for the first time that day, he wished he knew why Lord Halbarad had spoken so highly of Suiadan. Lord Halbarad was not known to favour lunatics. By this time they had reached the residential area of the settlement. Thandraug could see two figures standing outside his house, although they were still too far away for him to make out their faces. One, he supposed, must be his wife; he had no idea who the other might be. He pointed the house out to Suiadan. For some reason, the sight of it seemed to make the other man nervous. "It might be too much of an imposition on your lady," he said, sidling behind Thandraug. "I would not want to put her to any undue trouble. I am not very hungry in any case. Perhaps I should just retire to my quarters and... and... rest." Since this was the first time the young Ranger was showing an inclination for repose, Thandraug was more than a little surprised. He was also slightly suspicious. In these dark days one could never be certain who might be a thief or a murderer or something even more unsavoury. It seemed absurd to associate treachery and dark deeds with the buoyant, incorrigibly enthusiastic young man beside him, but the fact remained that Suiadan was behaving strangely. "My wife would be deeply disappointed if you did not come," he said gravely. "She considers it an honour to welcome guests to our home." Suiadan responded without a moment's hesitation, making Thandraug feel ashamed of his suspicions. "I should not dream of depriving your lady of any honour that is her due. I must once again ask your pardon if I gave offence, and assure you that none was meant." He looked so woebegone at the thought that Thandraug hastened to say, "I am not offended at all, my friend. Shall we go? Vanyë will not soon forgive me if I keep you standing here instead of asking you inside." He led the way towards his house. When they drew close enough for him to be able to identify the person standing with his wife, he gave a startled exclamation. "That is Lord Halbarad! I do not know what he could want. I hope nothing has happened to my sons." He quickened his step as much as his limp would allow. Halbarad saw them coming and stepped forward to greet them. "No, no, do not worry," he said at once, seeing Thandraug's anxious face. "Your children have suffered no injury. Forgive me. I did not wish to alarm you. I only wanted to speak to Suiadan, and I expected that you would bring him – you !" Thandraug jumped. The last word had been uttered with a strange mixture of shock and bewilderment. Halbarad was openly staring at Suiadan, although he only looked surprised, not unwelcoming. "You... Suiadan?" "Yes, my lord," Suiadan said. He sounded even more nervous than he had done earlier. "I... I was told to give the children basic weapons training, my lord." "Oh." There was a pause. "You have changed a great deal since I saw you last." Suiadan flushed, but he did not reply. "Well... I am pleased to see you again, Master Suiadan. The children are fortunate to be able to learn from you. I will not take up too much of your time. I only wished to enquire whether you found the arrangements for your stay satisfactory." "They are more than adequate, my lord. I slept in the greatest comfort last night." Thandraug thought he sounded far more grateful than a comfortable bedroom warranted. For some reason, Halbarad's eyes flickered to a group of ash and beech trees behind the warriors' quarters before he replied, "I do not doubt it. Do not hesitate to let me know if there is something you need. Lord Aragorn, as you are no doubt aware, would be most seriously displeased if he found that you had wanted for anything during your stay." "I will, my lord, I thank you." "Then I will bid you farewell for the moment, Suiadan, Thandraug." Halbarad turned to the woman waiting in the doorway. "It was a pleasure to speak to you, Lady Vanyë." He walked a few steps in the direction of his own home, turned, and added, "I believe Lord Aragorn will be busy for the next few days. You may not be able to see him until the end of next week." "Of course, my lord," Suiadan said. "I understand." "I am going to see him now – I have a message to give him. He was expecting a visit from an old friend, but the friend appears to have been delayed on the road. Did you chance to see anything on your way here that might explain the delay?" "The road appeared clear, my lord. Perhaps there were urgent affairs in his home?" "Perhaps," Halbarad agreed. "I do hope he will arrive soon... I will leave you to your lunch now. Suiadan, once again, let me know at once if you are in any difficulty for any reason." Suiadan inclined his head formally. *offers Tuilinn apples and promises him more screen time in the next two chapters* What did you think? Good? Bad? Please review!