crossing his face, "it has been way too long and a group of men need to be sent out." I nodded and then an idea crossed my mind, "As, as Marshall who would you suggest to leave to head in his direction?" "Thank you my King. Well, I wish I could go myself, but if I must choose I would say Aefric will be the best man for this task. What do you think, my Lord?" "Aefric is more than capable. Make the arrangements with him." I had to agree wholeheartedly with Stein's opinion with sending Aefric, and I could well imagine that Gear would be joining him in an instant to help search for Galmod. "Thank you my King", Stein bowed and left the room. Éomer turned his attention back to me, "Éothain, a word. After you feel Stein is set up proper in Hornburg, I need you to head to Aldburg. I've received word from Elfhelm about a group of people up north, causing some disturbances but evading their patrols". I was glad that Eomer was bringing up these issues, and I could not wait to have Dundling blood on my sword again after what they had done to Freda and Lothiriel. "Yes, Elfhelm described such events to me as well. Dundling?" "We are not sure. Speak with Stein and make the arrangements for Hornburg." "It shall be done", I smiled hoping we could exit Edoras quickly, not just so I could figure out what was going on with Elfhelm in the East, but also to get Stein the hell out of Edoras. "Any reason in particular you and Stein are on such behaviors and wishing to get him out of Edoras quickly?", Éomer asked slightly raising an eyebrow. "Oh, yes…he and Freda are to be married, and I intend to make them wait as long as possible, and as far away as possible while they wait", I laughed. I shook my head and laughed, "Good luck with that." "Yeah, seems like I have no choice in the matter, but she could do worse and at least there is one good thing in all of this." I watched as Éomer looked curiously for me to continue, "At least I can tell her husband what to do". With a deep breath I walked back through the village, headed to find Raewen in the healing house, too much time had passed since I had seen her, or my brother and knew they were both working hard. There was a lot of information to cover with Stein and Gamling, and to my surprise I actually was having a good time working with him. There was only once he was about to start talking about Freda but a quick look stopped him in his tracks. A sound in the distance caught my attention and seeing the entourage of riders from Dol Amroth that had arrived, I figured I should give up my hopes of heading to the healing house to find Raewen and head to Medusled instead, as I imagined my presence was going to be required. As I made my way around the riders, I spotted Éomer and made my way over to his side. "Where is Lothiriel, should she not be greeting her kin? ", I asked him noticing her absence. "She is chatting with her brother Elphir", he laughed as he rolled his eyes, "Trust me, you will not get a word in edgewise between those two." I walked by his side as we made our way over to two young ladies, obviously relatives of Lothiriel by their looks. "Miriel. Thalia. Welcome to Edoras. Your cousin is….catching up…with Elphir", I watched as Éomer greeted them with a slight bow. "May I present Éothain, my first in command. If you have any issues during your stay here, please seek him out". Oh no you don't Éomer, I laughed to myself, you are not pawing these ladies off on me, they are of your relations to entertain not mine. I looked between the two young women standing before me. "Hlæfdige Miriel, Hlæfdige Thalia, it is wonderful to meet the kin of our Queen", I smiled as I reached down and raised each of the ladies' hands to my lips and grazed their knuckles with a kiss, "Are all the ladies in your family of such beauty?" I suddenly felt Éomer's elbow in my side, and that only put even more of a grin on my face. Seeing that Thalia had blushed under my words, I bent my arm for her to hold so I could escort her into Medseld, and looked towards Éomer and Miriel and saw the scowl on each of their faces. "Let us go find your cousin min Hlæfdige", I smiled at Thalia and set off into the hall. I could hear Éomer laughing along with Miriel behind me, and was thankful when we approached where Lothiriel was with her brother. As I looked between the four of them, it was quite easy to see the family resemblance between them all. It was wonderful to see Lothiriel so happy, it had been too long since I had seen her this way. I was thankful to hear her ask for Freda, and with a quick smirk to Éomer, I bowed and left the room listening to the chatter behind me. I had not even gotten to the end of the hall when I heard Éomer yelling my name. I stopped and waited him, surprised he had been able to leave the gathering so quickly. "Banished already were you?", I laughed. "No…we have 300 swan knights. After you fetch Freda, I'm going to need your help" "300? Well, thankfully the construction is done up on the north east field. I'll get Freda. You better warn Eoytha, you know she will have your head if she is not aware of the extra mouths." I turned and set off quickly to the house, all thoughts of finding Raewen abandoned for the moment.