at birth. They're the spawn of Morgoth. Especially Elrohir," she said to the ceiling. "I can't believe he tore up my book. No way Mom can do anything that'll make up for that." She sighed deeply. "I hate my life! Everyone at school thinks I'm some kind of freak and that I like being named all weird, and they think they're so damn smart by asking me if my parents were going to name me after a character in a book, why didn't they name me Ginny? I'm sick of having to deal with Morgoth's spawn. I'm sick of being treated like a bloody babysitter so Mom can spend all night in her office and spend more time on her clients than she ever spends with us. I'm sick of Dad working all the time in that crappy walk-in medical clinic because he thinks everything will fall apart if he's not there. I'm sick and tired of being trapped in this pink nightmare of a bedroom! FUCK!" She jumped up and pulled the bedspread off the bed, dragging it behind her as she walked over to the window. Letting go of it for a moment, she threw the window open, shoved the screen up, then reached down and grabbed up the bedspread, pushing it out the totally open window. When she head it 'plop' on the ground two stories below, she grinned. That felt good! Energized, she went back to her bed and snatched up the decorative pillows and threw them out the window. In short order, everything pink, frilly, ruffle-y, lacy, or daintily femme joined the pillows and bedspread on the ground below. "And now, the finishing touch," she said brightly as she carried a bucket of water into her room from the bathroom across the hall. "Add black ink to water" she opened the pot of black ink she used for calligraphy and poured it into the bucket "stir, and dump on pile of Pink Nightmare" she hoisted the bucket up to the window and tipped it towards the opening, smiling when she heard the black water hit the pile below. "Let sit overnight. Serves one with an excuse to re-decorate and not live like a six-year-old." Feeling slightly better, she went downstairs to make some tea. Elladan was at the kitchen table, looking cross. Luthien ignored him, not wanting to get into another fight. Not tonight. For all she cared, he could be grounded from his computer until he graduated high school. The only person he cared about was himself and he'd let someone else take all the blame for something he'd been involved in if it meant he wouldn't have to deal with the concequences. 'If there was ever been a real Elladan, he's rolling in his grave that my brother is named after him," Luthien thought smugly to herself as she poured hot water over a strawberry teabag and set a bowl over the mug so no steam would escape while the tea steeped for ten minutes. 'Wouldn't be surprised if Real!Elladan started haunting my brother in retaliation for giving his name a bad name.' Not a bad play on words. Maybe she had a future in speechwriting. When her tea was ready, she added milk and cream and went back up to her room, hiding away in Mirkwood. "What I wouldn't give," she said with a sigh, "to be in Middle Earth right now, mingling with elves and sons of Man, but especially elves, and not dealing with two little brothers that should have been drowned at birth." A light, tinkling laughter came from somewhere behind her and over her head. "At least this one has read the Red Book," a barely-audible female voice said, sounding very amused. "And she's not wishing for Legolas to fall in love with her, thanks be to Eru," another voice said, male this time and also barely audible. "One of those had Mirkwood in an uproar for decades." The female voice made some kind of noise that sounded like a groan. "Don't remind me." During all of this, Luthien was turning around and looking for any cracks where voices could be coming through, but found none. Odd. But who would be talking about her and wishing for Legolas to fall in love with her? Was she cracking up? Was this a sign? Would she see little men next? It wouldn't surprise her if she was, after the day she'd had. Those two beasts were enough to drive anyone over the brink. She tried wiping out the insides of her ears with her pinkies, but the voices were still speaking. She must be going crazy. Ah, well. May as well enjoy it. She rested her back against the rear wall of the space and slid down into a sitting position to listen to what the voices were saying. "So we're agreed," the male voice said. Luthien blinked. What had she missed? "Yes. Tomorrow, after Afternoon Tea." The female voice laughed again. "What is it Men always say? 'Be careful what you wish for'?" "Yes. But you forgot the last part. 'Because you just might get it'." Both the voices laughed. "If they knew we were listening, they'd probably be more careful." "Men were always foolish," the female voice said indulgently. "Some things never change. Now, about those storms in northern China. Do you think...." The voices faded to nothing, leaving Luthien extrememly confused as to what had just happened. Had the coffee creamer gone bad and triggered halucinations? She looked down at her mug for a moment, then set it at the far end of the space. No more of the tea, just in case. She didn't want to end up seeing elves two-stepping around her bed later. Or maybe she was simply loosing her mind and she'd end up in a rubber room talking about the little green men tapdancing on the ceiling. She giggled. That could be interesting, tapdancing men on the ceiling. Maybe they'd take requests.