back on the counter, swearing I'd never wash it again as long as I lived, and spent several moments taking deep breaths and trying to will my face to cool down. When I was calmer and, I hoped, cooler, I went back into the living room. Elfhelm was channel surfing, feet up on the trunk/table. "Eomer told me wonderful things about this tele. He said it has many different people inside it. Yours only has a few and they are hard to see. I think yours is broken." "I can't afford to hire as many people as others can to entertain them inside the tele. The few I can afford to pay entertain me well enough, so I don't hire any others." Little people doing plays inside a television. It could look like that, I supposed. But if that worked for them, then there were little people in the tele and I'd never say anything different. "There is more to do than just watching people in my tele." I sat back down next to him, making sure our legs were touching. "Has anyone told you about what they've done when they're in Modern Earth?" "Legolas is usually taken to the mall or made to eat lunch with girls who want to braid his hair" Elfhelm looked distressed by the idea "and Eomer is always dragged to riding stables and made to tell girls what wonderful riders they are when they can hardly stay on the horse when it's trotting. Aragorn has to resist lots of young girls, and--they all complain about girls that are in something they call 'junior high' or 'middle school' or 'high school'. Only rarely to they mention meeting women, though when they do, they sound as if they enjoyed it." "Oh?" I asked, leaning towards him. "Do they say what they do with the women they meet?" "All manner of things. Eomer and Aragorn talked about when they-" He stopped mid-sentence, looking uncomfortable. "I'm sorry. It's not appropriate to mention around a lady." "I understand. Did they talk about" I leaned toward him and whispered what I wanted to do with, and to, him in his ear. Sitting back, I smiled smugly. He stared at me for a moment, as if he wasn't sure if he should be shocked by my candor, or pleased by what I'd suggested. "Yes. I didn't realize there were so many women in Modern Earth like the ones they'd met." "You'd be surprised," I murmured. "Does that bother you?" Again, he looked torn, finally saying, in a rather hurried manner, "Eomer King did say that the women he met were usually very eager to have him in their bed and I wasn't going to ask if you were like them but when I heard I had been sent to Modern Earth and you had asked just for me that you would be like those women. If you aren't, I'm sorry if I've offended you." I suppressed the urge to smile and laugh at what a gentleman he was, even when so obviously eager for some horozontal action. Must've been a long time in the field, as that male Valar said. "You haven't offended me at all, Elfhelm. Quite the opposite." I moved so I was straddling him and plucked the remote from his hand, turning off the TV before tossing it somewhere out of reach. I put my arms around his neck and, smiling like the cat about to break into the canary cage, said, "Why don't I show you what women in Modern Earth are like and you can find out for yourself why Eomer King and Aragorn speak so highly of us?" Elfhelm was in the middle of a hands-on demonstration of one way the riding of horses had been made part of the sexual habits and customs of Rohan (we were on a chair for that) when Jen's distincitive pattern of knocking sounded on the front door. "Her timing sucks," I muttered, upset Elfhelm and I would have to cut the research short. "Can she wait just a few more minutes?" Elfhelm asked, his voice tight. "This isn't a good time to stop." "I know. Jen, I'm finishing something important!" I shouted. "Come back a little later!" "Okay!" I heard her answer. When Jen returned, any signs that Elfhelm was here and we'd been involved in an intense cross-cultural educational session were gone, the man himself and his thousand pounds of armor and clothing moved to my room. "Today has been insane," she said as she sat down in my easy chair. "I studied for Civil Prodecure from eight until two, and then Indian Law from two until I came over earlier." "Poor you." I was never going to law school. Too much studying. "Sorry to tell you to come back later, but I had some studying to finish that couldn't wait. I totally lost track of time." "That's fine. So did you do anything else today besides study?" I thought for a moment. "I packed for a little while, but it's been mostly studying." I felt myself smile. "It was interesting." "I wish my stuff could be interesting." I smirked. "You chose law school, dear. Your own fault." "I know. Only one more year." She spoke the last sentence with a fervent relief. Not wanting to leave Elfhelm alone for long, I pleaded the need to study as an excuse for Jen to leave not long after she arrived, promising to catch her later online. I threw the deadbolt on the front door after closing it behind her, then sprinted down to my room. Elfhelm was on the bed, snoring softly, looking wonderful in naught but what he was born with. I grinned and, as quietly as possible, slunk across the room and sat down across his legs. "So, what other things can you do on horseback?" I asked as I removed my shirt. I didn't want to get too hot while I was studying, after all.