and two weeks and I have been meaning to ask you something." Mîrwen looked oddly at him. "What?" "Papa!" Bergil came and climbed upon his father's lap. Beregond looked back to Mîrwen. " We'd like to ask you something. Will you join our family?" he had a look in his eyes that Mîrwen only ever saw in Théodred's. "Are you asking me to-?" Mîrwen began. "Yes. I am asking you, to marry me." Beregond finished for her. Mîrwen's chest seemed to scream for this man and his son. These two people who she loved so dearly and would love for all her life. "Beregond. Yes. Yes! I'll marry you!" Beregond smiled and walked around the table to kiss Mîrwen. Bergil wrinkled his nose. "Ew! Hello? I'm still here!" The two adults pulled apart and chuckled at him. Bergil looked at Mîrwen. "Does this make you my mummy now?" Mîrwen knelt in front of him. "I will be anything, you want to be." Bergil put a finger to his lips. "Hm. I think, I want you to be my mummy!" he threw his arms around her neck. Mîrwen wrapped her arms around his small body and smiled. She had love in her life once again. Chapter 17: A flame that has never died (Three weeks later) Mîrwen stepped into the pale-gold gown. It had long open sleeves and a loose skirt that trailed behind her. The neckline was square and the torso was fitted so it did not press against her torso very tightly (her stomach had grown a considerable amount in the past few months). She turned to look at herself in the mirror. Her hair had been put in the fashion those of Rohan wore theirs. Éowyn allowed Mîrwen to wear her necklace and gold and sapphire earrings. "I feel like am Mumakil!" she said, eyeing her belly. "You look fine!" said her mother. "Now come!" She was ready, the gates of the seventh level were opened and Mîrwen started down the aisle. Many people stood either side of her. Coming to the steps of the citadel, she saw Aragorn at the top. Janara, Shia and Éowyn stood on the left waiting for Mîrwen. Legolas, Gimli and Beregond's friend, Iorlas, were on the right behind Beregond. He stood there, in a black velvet tunic with the white tree of Gondor upon his breast. He had a deep blue cloak on and his hands were clasped in front of him. His golden-brown hair was set about his shoulders and his green eyes glittered with love. Mîrwen came to them, and took Beregond's hands in her own. Aragorn began the service. "My people, we are here today to witness the joining of two people deeply in love. Beregond of Minas Tirith and Mîrwen of Lossarnach. They have decided to live together in peace and happiness until they both shall perish. Now, Beregond. Will you stand by Mîrwen's side? No matter what may come? Will you love her, to all ends of the earth? Until you both shall perish?' Beregond smiled at Mîrwen. "I will." "And Mîrwen. Will you stand by Beregond's side? Will you love him to all ends of the earth? Until you both perish?" "I will," she replied, smiling. "The rings, please." Aragorn said. Shia gave Mîrwen her ring and Legolas handed Beregond his. Mîrwen slipped the thick gold band onto Beregond's left index finger and he did the same with a rose-gold band made to look wrought of twigs. "You are now officially, husband and wife! Beregond," Aragorn dipped his head and smiled. They met in a passionate embrace that held for a long time. "Hurry up so we can cheer for ye!" a voice Mîrwen recognized as the elderly library owner, Iwar. The crowd chuckled and cheered when the newlyweds pulled apart. The party afterwards was the most fun Mîrwen ever had. She danced a little but talked with the guests most the time. She and Beregond came to Arwen and Aragorn. She curtsied to Arwen while Aragorn and Beregond spoke. "My lady," she said. Arwen's grey eyes flickered with happiness. "Congratulations, dear one. I am happy for you. You show such kindness to Bergil and I can tell, he loves you so. You will be a good mother." Mîrwen smiled. "Thank you, my lady. I hope you and Lord Aragorn are happy. I heard about your father's sailing to Valinor. I am so sorry." "It is alright. I knew this would happen. But, I chose Aragorn rather than my elven life as my father wanted. He knew why. My father fostered Aragorn in his youth. And when I said I wanted to wed him, he acce Aragorn came to her. "Mîrwen," he gave her a tight hug. "I am so happy for you!" he said, pulling away. "You will be happy with Beregond. He is a good man and a loving father. He is excited for your unborn child. He told me, he will treat them as his own." Mîrwen looked over Beregond, who was laughing with some other guards. "He will be an extraordinary husband." She thought of Théodred as her hand went above her womb. Aragorn could tell what she was thinking of. "Mîrwen," she looked at him. "You do love Beregond. Do you not?" Mîrwen nodded. "I do. It's just. I still love Théodred with all my heart. But, I will love Beregond as I loved Théodred." She paused for a moment and looked at her belly, then looked back at Aragorn. "Théodred is a flame that has never died in my heart." Author's Note I would just like to say, all this is based off of both, movie and books. I own nothing of Lord of the Rings. My imagination isn't like his! I tweaked some things, to make them fit with my story or to make it interesting. Like the amount of time between one battle and another, I tweaked them to fit with my story. Thank you all for reading!