compromise, as I had decided to carry the small blade instead of my sword. It was a result of the wavering between the trust I held in my ada and the power of Vilya and the fear that perhaps even Rivendell could be penetrated by evil in those dark times. I had already passed the dwarves' quarters, seeing and hearing no sign of disturbance besides the snores issuing from behind the closed doors. Just in case, I had left Elladan there to watch should there be any further developments. I was tempted to breathe a sigh of relief, for it seemed that no evil lurked in the shadowy corridor before the hobbit's room either. I was turning to leave when suddenly a small but solid mass plowed into my legs. Startled as I was, I was slammed down around on my stomach, with the silver flash of a blade on the corner of my line of sight. Whoever, or whatever it was, slithered off my back, a rigidly outstretched arm pointing a sword awkwardly at me. "Stop there!" a trembling voice commanded. "Master Baggins?" I said in surprise, pulling myself up on one arm and leaning over so my face was not shadowed. "Master Elladan?" he squeaked. His look of puzzlement was comically evident even in the dark passage, and his brows furrowed even further. "Or are you Master Elrohir?" "Elrohir," I said, amused. "Oh, I am sorry! I thought you were- well, I thought you were a ghost." "And I thought you- "I sat up abruptly when I heard a soft sound suspiciously like a footstep in the halls. The edge of a white garment billowed, then swept around the corner. I grabbed Bilbo by the shoulders, propelling him to his feet. "Continue forward!" I retreated back several steps, gesturing to a corridor opening beside the door to the hobbit's room. "If I take this passage here, we can cut it off from behind and before." I paused just long enough to hear a sound of nervous assent and the soft pitter-patter of bare hobbit feet, then I flew down the hall. As I emerged from the door at its other end, I saw a white figure racing down the hall toward me, with Bilbo on its heels. The ghost came to an abrupt stop when he saw me, and Bilbo crashed into him. Down they both went in a flurry of tangled white fabric and flailing limbs. A moment later, a curly hobbit head emerged, and a hand plucked the folds of fabric off the wriggling form. Bilbo's startled gaze was met by a pair of grey eyes and the long, slightly gangly limbs that hinted at a lad yet growing into his legs. "Estel!" I exclaimed. I was at his side at once, pulling him to his feet. The linen sheet fell from his body and puddled around his ankles. "Ai, what do you mean by this?" "I wanted to see Master Baggins and the dwarves. I came by last night when they were asleep, but I could not get a good enough look. Then I heard you and Dan saying that they thought they had seen a ghost, so I put on a sheet so no one would know it was me if they saw me again." O0o Aragorn had been shuffling his feet uncomfortably since Elladan had told of Bilbo's first mention of the ghost. Now he was now blushing furiously as Elrohir finished the tale of Estel's uncharacteristic deed of mischief. Arwen went off into a peal of merry, helpless laughter. "Ai, Estel! You did not!" "He did," confirmed Elrohir, grinning. "He gave us a nice little mess to sort out in the middle of the night, too. Of course, we had to give Bilbo an explanation of who Estel was and why he had not been allowed to visit with him or the dwarves. We told him nothing of Estel's lineage at the time, just that he was a member of our family and very precious to us. We asked that Bilbo keep Estel's presence a secret from the dwarves and not tell anyone outside Rivendell about him." "Bilbo, of course, was anxious not to cause any harm or inconvenience in light of Ada's generous hospitality, and Gandalf hinted that it would not be polite to inquire further," Elladan finished. "Fortunately, after that Estel had a chance to make a better impression on Bilbo. They had a private meeting in the library, and the dear hobbit was impressed by Estel's knowledge of history and his eagerness to learn." Arwen could still imagine her husband as the handsome, love struck young man who called out to her as she danced. She could still imagine him staggering over the borders of Lothlorien, clothes worn to grimy rags and the warrior underneath all but fainting from lack of food and drink. She could imagine him as she now saw him every day, clothed in a deep scarlet tunic embroidered with the White Tree, glimpses of glittering mail rings beneath his collar, a winged crown sitting on his dark locks. She could even imagine him as the young child of which her ada had wrote to her while she dwelled in Lothlorien: solemn and wise for his years, but with bouts of youthful light heartedness that raised the spirits of all who lived in Rivendell. But, a young Estel allowing his curiosity to lead him stray, wearing a sheet and posing as a ghost haunting the halls of Imladris? That she could not imagine. She looked over at Eldarion, now cradled in Elladan's arms, the child's delicate little lids drooped shut. Arwen stepped over to her brother's side, gently nudging the baby's fingers, which had curled into a fist. They unfolded just enough to wrap themselves around her finger. "Perhaps, little one," she said softly, her eyes gleaming with quiet merriment, "it is better if you do not have so much of your ada's spirit, after all."