something that not even daily hardship and grave tidings of war could dim for long, and now what Iarwen had always loved about little Lothiel shone undimmed after the fall of the Enemy. Iarwen raised her eyes and squinted against the brilliant beams that reflected off the walls of the pure white city. Though it was diminished in size because of the distance, Minas Tirith still looked like a looming beacon of hope and sanctuary. Even though the storms of war had beat against its very walls, it endured. When Iarwen and the children had wandered through its gates, they had seen evidence of a city, a people, being rebuilt. Workman slaved over the finishing touches to the new city gate and gathered new materials to repair the lower level homes that had been burned during the battle for Pelennor. Young recruits in the livery of the White Tree patrolled the streets with eager diligence. Healers swarmed in and out of the Houses of Healing with linen bandages and herbs, restocking depleted supplies and aiding the very last of their patients from the war. Before they had travelled far up the winding lower levels of the city, King Elessar had met them, clad in a scarlet tunic with the White Tree embroidered in silver threads. A circlet of silver in the style of the elven lords sat over his dark locks, which were combed and flowing to his shoulders. They were beginning to show a few grey hairs, but overall they added to his air of venerability and wisdom. An embroidered sheath of rich leather hung at his side with Anduril's hilt, whole and gleaming, poking out the top. Two guards in the livery of the Citadel walked at his heels, alert eyes scanning the crowd. "Welcome to Gondor, Iarwen, wife of Halbarad, one who was as dear to me as a brother," he said with solemn regality. Iarwen hastily knelt, noting out of the corner of her eye that her children had followed her lead. The next moment, she felt gentle hands grip her shoulders and draw her to her feet. Aragorn's fingers travelled to her hands, clasping them warmly. "Nay, dear lady. Formality is meet for a greeting, but let us lay it aside now. Though we may not be of closest kin, Halbarad and I were dear to one another. He spoke of you and your beautiful children often, and I was delighted with your hospitality when I was last able to sup in your home. Let there be no uncomfortableness between us, despite long absence." His keen grey eyes clearly possessed the ability to relay piercing command, but they were filled with kindness as they met Iarwen's eyes and held them as warmly as Aragorn held her hands. "I am glad you have been able to come at last. If there is anything I can do to aid you on this journey of memorial and healing, I will give it in a heartbeat." She had hesitated. "My lord, if I may beg a boon from your kitchens?" A gentle touch on Iarwen's arm jolted her out of the memory. "Naneth?" Lothiel said. Something of the depth of her Iarwen's thoughts must have been showing on her face, for Lothiel sounded hesitant to disturb her. "Yes, my love?" Iarwen encouraged, giving her a smile. "We are ready." The children's cheerful talk faded to a respectful silence that was just as precious to their mother. They all rose, Hithion gathering up the basket he had so zealously guarded from antish invasion. With his other hand, he took Iarwen's arm, lending silent support both for her body and emotions as they walked. They finally reached the plot of land they had been seeking. One by one, the children stopped and knelt by a grey stone, etched with Sindarin script, placed by the Lord Aragorn as a memorial to the fallen. Lothiel and Mirda placed their own memorial, their flower wreaths, on the ground in front of the stone. Iarwen opened her basket, removing a small wrapped parcel. Carefully she unwrapped the cloth fabric and gently laid it on the ground. On it, she placed a single honey cake. Then, because the act of memorial was for her children as much as it was for Halbarad, she unpacked the rest of her basket and gave each of them a sweet, tender cake. Lothiel, who knew the memory behind her mother's choice of remembrance, took a nibble of cake and closed her eyes: she was imagining her ada on this same day but of a year long ago, doubtless urging on a horse as fast as was safe while his thoughts raced impatiently ahead of his mount's hoof beats. Toward home, where his daughter sang merrily, dancing through the fields and picking blooms for the celebration of his birthday. "You never disappointed me, Ada," Lothiel murmured. When her eyes opened, they were shining with tears. As she looked up at Iarwen, a smile of love and remembrance crossed her face. "Not then, and now." "Nor I, Hal," Iarwen murmured. She thought of her children smiling and talking as they sat in the gentle sunshine, weaving crowns of flowers, and of the Gondorians working to restore their beloved city. The death of the Shadow had been a rebirth, the beginning of a new age, and her children would grow up in the light of the dawn. It had come at a great price, but, oh, freedom was sweet! "If only you could see this," she whispered, her fingers tracing the letters etched into the cool stone. "By your sacrifice, you have given us the greatest gift. The least we can do is to celebrate the beautiful day you were birthed, that we may not forget." Iarwen looked at the children, then back at the grave stone. She took a deep breath, and, because this was a day of sorrow and quiet joy mingled, she smiled through her tears. "Happy birthday, my love."