it in Rivendell. I tried to heal her, but my best efforts were of no avail." The words spilled from his mouth, and soon he was telling Ivorwen about Halwen's bitter accusations. "I have failed in my duty as a healer," he mumbled. "There are some hurts that even the most skilled healers cannot cure," Ivorwen replied, lovingly brushing sweaty locks of hair off her grandson's face so she could look him in the eye. "I'm sure there have been times the Lord Elrond was not able to heal every patient. Some ills go too deep." Celebrian. Her spirit pained by long years of orcish torture, Celebrian had left Middle Earth to seek her soul's healing in Valinor. Even the love and care proved devotedly by Elrond had been unable to repair the hurts inflicted on Celebrian's heart. The pain of her departure still stung Elrond's heart, but the greatest healer left on Middle Earth had loved enough to acknowledge his limitations and let her go… " I pray that Anniel's soul, too, will find peace beyond the circles of the world and that Halwen will be able to let her go," Aragorn said aloud. Ivorwen was clearly puzzled by the missing pieces of his narrative, but she merely reached over to fondle a long tendril of Aragorn's hair. "Your words are wise. Now go and wash up, and I will prepare you something to eat. The battle with the orcs and the healing have sorely taxed your strength." "Please, do not trouble yourself, lest I grow soft. I have endured greater weariness patrolling with the Sons of Elrond, and I do not doubt I shall have to face such again in my travels." "That time will come soon enough," Ivorwen remarked. "When your mother took to you to Rivendell, you were naught more than a babe. I have missed nurturing you in the days of your childhood, and in the future you shall often be occupied with long journeys that will carry you far from aid. Let me care for you while I may." Aragorn saw the stirrings of worry in his grandmother's loving eyes and remembered the measure of foresight she possessed. What could she have seen of his future journeys? Loneliness, pain, and hunger, no doubt, as was the lot of the Dunedain as they struggled to guard their borders and those of the Shire. But in what measure would Aragorn have to face these challenges, that they should trouble this valiant, stalwart woman of the North? Deciding that pressing her would prove painful for them both, Aragorn instead endeavored to ease her worry. He took Ivorwen's hand and said as playfully as he could, "Well then, my lady, as difficult as it is for me to partake of your good cooking, I shall endure it." His efforts were not unwasted. The small upward tug of her lips revealed that Ivorwen knew the reason behind his teasing, and she brushed an appreciative kiss against his forehead. "I love you, Aragorn son of Arathorn." O0o Two days passed, and Aragorn found himself seeking Halwen. Although he no longer felt so strongly the guilt that had plagued him at Anniel's bedside, Aragorn sympathized with Halwen's pain and desired to ease it if he could. Her parents directed him to a small copse of pine trees behind their house. It was there he found Halwen seated learning against a tree trunk, her arms keeping the dark mourning cloak wrapped tightly around her frame. Her gaze seemed to be concentrated on the bed of pine needles under her feet, and her eyes did not move as he approached. Either he truly had learned something about walking unheard from Elladan and Elrohir, or Halwen was ignoring him. Aragorn suspected it was the later, although he wasn't sure if it stemmed from animosity or shame over her outburst. He hesitated. It felt inconsiderate just to sit down in Halwen's sacred hideout, especially since she had clearly come to be alone with her memories. Fortunately, Halwen looked up. "Chieftain," she said, her voice sad but civil. "Will you sit down?" "I would be glad to do so, thank you," he said, lowering his long limbs to the ground. He winced, but even the awkwardness of his movements was more endurable than the silence that fell between them. Halwen's hideaway was soothing to his soul, but he refrained from mentioning that aloud. Halwen had lost a loved one, and small talk wouldn't be appreciated. If only Aragorn knew the right words to comfort her… "From the depths of my heart, I am sorry," he finally murmured. "I am sorry, Chieftain. I should not have placed blame on you, nor spoken with such disrespect." "Were those truly your thoughts, about me being unworthy to hold the place once occupied by the kings of old? You apologized for the tone of your words, but not for the words themselves." Halwen looked at him in alarm, and Aragorn quickly held up a hand. "Nay, I am not upset with you, nor do I wish for you to be upset with me. I merely want to know what you think." "I have dreamed of the return of our king since I was young. I loved the tales of the kings of old and their great deeds. I set my standards too high for any mortal to reach, I fear," Halwen said, the ghost of a sad smile touching her lips. "It is not your fault you could not achieve them." She bit her lip and stared at the ground. "I should have been able to do something to protect her. Anniel threw a rock at an orc to keep him from crushing me, and she paid dearly for her courage. Meanwhile I was helpless, unable to do a single thing." Aragorn opened his mouth, but before he could speak a word of comfort, Halwen added, "I wish to be helpless no longer. I have decided to join the Rangers."