smiled good-naturally at his friend while stealing the boy away from him. "Glorfy!" Estel squealed as the Balrog Slayer spun him around and tossed him in the air, making the boy's head spin. "Oh, Estel." Glorfindel stopped spinning the boy and pulled him into a tight embrace. "My little warrior, I'm so glad you're okay." "Of course I'm okay!" Estel exclaimed with as much exasperation as a four year old could. "Why wouldn't I be?" "Forgive us, Estel," Elrond said, standing and lifting the boy from Glorfindel's arms and bringing him back into his own, "We were just worried about you. But now it's obvious that you are perfectly alright, I think it's time you went to bed and got some rest." In all honesty Estel's sudden turn of fortune left Elrond's head spinning and he was more than worried that Estel would take ill again. "But Ada," Estel complained, as he always did when told to go to bed, "I'm not tired." After those words left his mouth, a huge lusty yawn claimed the boy. "Amuse me," Elrond said, watching as the boy began to blink his eyes sleepily. It wasn't long until Estel was settled into his bed, his head resting against his father's chest since Lord Elrond refused to leave the boy. On either side of him were his two brothers, and beside the bed were Glorfindel and Erestor each plopped down in a chair. Were anyone to walk into the room that night, they would have seen one of the most heartwarming scenes of that Age as the entire Perendil family slept peacefully, the stress of the past few days vanished in the return of the little boy that had captured their hearts. It was truly a gift from the Valar. 00000000000 "El, did you remember to do it?" "And since when have I ever forgotten?" "Remember that one time after the Summer Solstice with the snake-" "Alright! So I forgot once! Let it go! It was 700 years ago! No one's perfect!" "… I've never forgotten." " Oh, look at me! I'm Elrohir! I'm so perfect I never forget anything !" "Real mature. No wonder Ada's worried about our influence on Estel… So did you do it?" "YES! I snuck in while they were all out at the archery range trying to beat you at the hundred yard target... By the way, did any of them beat you?" "El! Of course they didn't beat me! How could you think so little of me?" "Well, El, if you must know… your shooting leaves something to be desired. Now if it were me who were shooting against them, there would be no uncertainty as to who would win." "Are you trying to imply something about my shooting, El?" "Oh, no, not really. Only that you could never shoot as well as I could." "I'll kill you." "Now really, El, this is no example to set for our little brother, now is it? Running in the halls? What will Estel make of this?" "Get back here!" "Come now, El, aren't you taking this a bit too hard? I was just giving you constructive criticism!" "Argh!" "Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!" "It. Serves. You. Right!" "Oh look! The Rangers have arrived for the feast!" This caused Elrohir to pause in banging his twin's head into the hallway floor. An evil smile spread across the twin's face when he caught view of the Rangers entering the Dining Hall. "It worked." "Uh, El? Still down here." Elrohir looked down and saw he still had Elladan's face shoved into the polished wood floor. Setting the twin's head free, Elrohir removed the knee he had painfully pressing against his brother's back and stood to get a better view of the rooms reaction to their latest prank. The main reaction was a lot of stifled laughter that the Rangers did their best to ignore as they walked to their seats. But no one could ignore Estel when he very seriously walked up to the head ranger, tugged on his pants to get his attention, and said with all seriousness, "Did you dye Glorfindel's underpants too?" This caused the whole hall to burst into fits of laughter, remembering how just weeks previously the twins had dyed all of Glorfindel's underclothes pink which the golden warrior returned cheerfully by dying the twins dark hair pink. Since then, Estel had taken it into his mind to warn people as often as possible to never dye Glorfindel's underpants. The room roared with laughter as elves everywhere remembered the event fondly, and as the Rangers, all with bright pink hair and beards, blushed deeply, but did their best to uphold some sort of dignity. Elrond was the only person in the room who had managed to keep a straight face, mainly because he knew who the culprits were. "Elladan! Elrohir!" His voice rang out over the laughter, and the identical sons of Elrond immediately stopped laughing, quickly stood from where they had collapsed on the floor, and immediately took off down the hall. "Quick!" Elladan exclaimed. "Head to the stables! If we hurry we can make it to Lorien and grandmother will defend us!" "And what if she turns against us?" Elrohir asked as they both hopped the garden wall. "Then we'll use Arwen as a shield!" "Good plan!" They continued to run towards the stables, knowing their ada was very angry with them. But they saw the twinkle in his eye, the slight twitch in his mouth; they knew he was glad to see how happy Estel was by the excitement in the hall, even if it was at the Ranger's expense. If it made Estel happy, then it was worth it. The End So, let me know what you think. If you have any questions please don't be afraid to ask. And let me know if you're interested in more stories from me, maybe give me an idea or two to work off of. Reviews are apprieciated!