looking for easy prey. "All of Umbar is fucked," the Blacklock spat, before fishing the orange slice from his drink with a finger and pushing it into his mouth. Lumkha smiled, leaning back against Varhi's leg which he'd propped up in front of him, and he laid a strong arm over her shoulder. She linked their fingers, tracing the cut of the new rings Varhi had bought for himself with hers, deep brown on gold, whilst she admired the jade and turquoise against the tan of his skin. It reminded her of the markets back at home, where the women had huge pale blue ear plugs carved with faces, animals, and the angular inlay of jewelled shapes. "Oh-" Varhi began, halting for a moment to puff out a plume of acrid smoke into the air. Lumkha shot the dwarf an upwards glare, but only really caught sight of his nostrils and the thick ring pierced through the middle. "Captain Ulbar sends his regards to you," he said, his eyes studying the ebb and flow of people outside the wide window on the other side of the room. "He wanted to see you before the ship left, but I think he got too angry with all the new boats in the harbour today – you know how he likes his peace and quiet." Despite kicking herself for not getting out of the city quicker, Lumkha snorted at the half-jest. Ulbar was easy to anger, often liking more a deserted stretch of water than the bustle of a pub – but he was never adverse to kicking up a ruckus in a small crowd. Many of the Corsairs who called Umbar their home were frustrated at the new ships taking up space as more and more towns were evacuated, but there was nothing to be done, and there was nearly a tussle every day. Harbour space was a precious commodity; the guards of the haven had taken to anchoring boats at the front of the bay, sending all refugee ships to nearby town ports. "May Mahal keep them safe," Lumkha said, raising a glass to The Zindurlai and closing her eyes briefly. She felt Varhi reach for his own drink – but the stiffening of his back made her crack an eye open. The dwarf's gaze had flickered down at her from where he'd been staring out of the window, and she felt a soft hand on her shoulder. Lumkha followed his eyeline, but couldn't see anything without her eyeglasses (conveniently back at her ship) – she could sense something though, in the way Varhi moved, in the way he seemed to be hesitant about telling her... "As I came into port this morning... I noticed there were others amongst the crowd of... survivors." Lumkha stilled, swirling the last dregs of beer anxiously. "There are Men from the Outer States here on the docks, some of them threatening the Corsairs." At that moment, Lumkha wished she had the nerve to stop Varhi, to close her ears and block out what was inevitably going to come now. He took a deep breath, and the Ironfist pirate came up to meet him, offering her ear. "They're growing in number – we all knew it was only a matter of time, but Ulbar... he was approached yesterday. I think that's why he wanted to get away – to Mardruak and then onto Nilul. They wanted the ship; they asked about prices and if he was in league with Him already..." "I thought the Zigûr's base in Rhun had been destroyed long ago," Lumkha breathed, lowering her voice and looking back over her shoulder and the tables. Amongst the assorted dress and mannerisms of the Men around her, there were old faces she knew, but increasingly more and more were unfamiliar – the servants of the Deceiver could be anybody. "The States along the Canal are already sending riders to Umbar – and I have already seen more than one ship with the Eye drawn onto its hull somewhere, or hanging from a mast," Varhi said quickly. His voice had dropped to a whisper, but Lumkha winced: the Eye hadn't been seen for an Age – it was an old symbol of Morgoth's overwhelming power, and to have it drawn onto a ship was troubling. She went to take another mouthful of stew which had lain neglected, swallowing the cold, spicy broth that burned at the back of her throat. "They're going to take advantage of the City," she said, after allowing her mouth to cool for a few seconds. "There is still time," Varhi replied in earnest. With every passing second, the dwarves' voices hushed lower, until they were almost bent double at their corner with the overhead torch casting their forms into shadow. "Time enough for Umbar to put their trust in a stronger power, and time enough for Gondor to strike out in retaliation against anything these new zigûrens can whip up through the ranks of the Corsairs!" The words tumbled from Lumkha's lips, all of the fears she had bottle up inside of her now being released like poison. For a moment, Varhi was silent beside her, and his only movement was to take another drink as the door of The Red Cap banged open and closed. "I'm going to get a rum," he said darkly. Without a word, he stood, stretched, and Lumkha folded herself into the warm space he'd left, with enough of a mind to catch his arm and request one for herself. It was going to be a night of thinking. Outside The Red Cap, dusk had passed into night, and the torches and lamps were now lit in full, illuminating up the pathway. The sails of many ships, Khandisgi, dwarven, and Haradi, fluttered in the wind. Another storm was on the way, far out to sea. Glossary: Guthelabad - Kh. the Orocarni Zigûr – Ad. Sauron zigûrens - Ad. the worshipers of Sauron zek - Ad. Market