all. Ashk frowned. "Knows what?" "Your secr— Er. I ..." I looked at my daughter with a raised brow, taking my drink before shifting my gaze to Ashk. "Your what?" She had paled considerably causing my curiosity to flame and any dim thoughts of this being a minor situation vanished. "He does not know. Tell him he doesn't know, Ama," Ana continued with a deep frown on her face. "Know what?" Orophin asked as I took a drink of the thick wine in my glass. "That Ama is bringing home a baby," Ana informed him. My drink gagged in my throat and choked me for a brief moment before spewing over the table. Ashk "Ana!" I cried as Haldir sputtered, coughing into his napkin while Orophin's chair hit the ground after he sprang to a stand to avoid his brother's drink. Ana grimaced, looking at me. "I'm sorry Ama," she said quietly, her little head bowing. I glanced at Haldir still coughing and immediately stood. "Let me…Clean this up," I said hastily, turning towards the kitchener. Orophin was suddenly latched onto me. "Another babe!" he declared. "Is she right - Did she mean it?" he demanded, hoisting me against him with his crushing embrace. "Are you reall– " He suddenly silenced, glancing towards his brother. "Oh..Right. Not my place yet." He backed away and I turned to look at Haldir, deciding that running was probably not the best idea for this situation. He looked nothing less than shocked. His eyes were wide and his face rather pale. He pointed at Ana as if asking me a silent question. I forced a smile amongst my sudden anxiety over his reaction. "She says it's a boy," I told him. Ana nodded proudly. "Galadriel said the same," I said then, my smile losing its lie and beaming at him. My hands moved to my lower stomach. "We're going to have another son," I finally said clearly. He remained frozen in staring at our twins for a moment before he looked at me. "Really?" he muttered, his pale face slowly gaining back it's color until he was beaming, a grin pulling across his lips. I nodded. "Really." He shouted something, suddenly launching out of his chair and grabbing me. I laughed at him even as he hauled me into his arms. "A boy?" he demanded. "Another boy?" I grinned at him. "Yes, another boy." He looked at Orophin, his eyes wide as he pointed at me. "We are having another boy!" he declared. "You'll have a younger brother!" he told the children, pulling me against him. He then froze, separating the two of us. "Not twins again?" he questioned. I laughed. "No, not this time," I told him as Orophin suddenly crashed into us with a heavy embrace. The twins latched onto us as well, announcing loudly that they were going to have a younger brother while Haldir was nearly crushing me. "This calls for a celebration!" Orophin declared. "What- No! Orophin!" Haldir tried to grab his brother before he went sprinting out the door. Later Ashk "We could take that wall out," he told me, motioning to the wall near the Onduras's bedroom where the child was now sleeping - no thanks to his previously rioting uncles. "Build another room there. That way the boys can be near to each other." I nodded as his hand feel back to my legs draped over his. "You are certain it is a boy?" he asked yet again. I laughed. "Yes, Haldir. It is a boy." His eyes beamed. "What should we name him?" I laughed again. "We have a few months to figure it out," I reminded him. He looked disappointed then. "Eight months left?" "More or less," I told him as the winter fire crackled near us. "It seemed like eternity last time," he complained, his head lying back against the sofa's ridge. I made a face. "Certainly did," I agreed. And it had. Those were the hardest months of my life. What was I going to do this time around? No livestock to keep me busy and certainly to tavern to work in. I would truly going to have to sit around and wait. That sounded awful. "But, it will not be like last time," Haldir suddenly said, shifting slightly and drawing me from the corner was cocooned in next to him and into his arms. "The twins were difficult. It will not be so hard this time," he told me seriously. I smiled sadly at him, my memories strong even as I touched his face. "We have changed a lot since then," I said softly. He smiled. "Think of it," he mused. "It has been nearly four years since…" He paused and I waited a moment. His eyes flickered as if trying to find the right words. Finally he cleared his throat. "Since Celebruim," he decided. He still barely recalled the night when I first met him, the night that changed both our lives forever, and we did not tend to bring it up. The past was the past, and that was where I wanted it to stay. "Four years," I repeated. "That is a long time to us mortals," I said with a smile. He smiled, kissing me briefly and remaining close. "I never truly thought about having another child," he said then. I raised a brow and he smiled again. "I think I like the idea though." "Oh, yes?" He nodded. "Well good," I told him. "Because you're not getting out of serving me breakfast in bed or all those other good favors mothers get before the baby comes," I warned him. His hand brushed my cheek. "I'd be glad to," he said. - - - Well, there you have it. Another addition to the family! This was a big time to show how Haldir and Ash - Haldir especially - have changed since Just for Tomorrow. I really enjoyed writing it - I hope you enjoyed reading it! -Slater