how this animal found its way to my door?" Ashk sighed, resting her chin in her hand. "Haldir, please...I'm sure Orophin had nothing to do with it." "I had nothing to do with it!" Orophin echoed. "Nothing?" "Pirate's a smart dog - maybe he smelled breakfast?" "I– " My own words interrupted themselves as I realized my oaf of a brother used the pup's bestowed name given to him by the twins...A name given long before Orophin had entered the flet. The two of us stared at each other briefly. Orophin slowly tried to pull away from my grasp. "Don't hurt me?" Ashk had calmly started dishing plates for the children. I moved as if to get up with my brother before Rumil and the twins came back into the room. Rumil nearly turned around. "Rumil! Sit down!" I demanded. The twins' chatter abruptly stopped. Everyone slowly took a seat at the table. I let go of Orophin and looked from my brothers to my children. Ashk sat placidly in her seat across from me. "Now, someone had better tell me the real route by which that ," I pointed at the pup laying under Nethin's chair, "came to the door this morning." Ashk snickered as the twins and my brothers had a heated staredown from opposite sides of the table. Finally, Ana took a giant breath and gave me one of her pouting, heart-wrenching looks. "I found him, Ada...While you and Ama were gone." "While we were gone..." I looked to Rumil and Orophin. It had been nearly two weeks since Ashk and I had returned from Sarubrim. Rumil sighed. "Well, I tried to do the right thing and take it away from her, but she cried when I did! And that look - you know the look, Haldir. What was I supposed to do?" "Pirate's a good dog, Ada, I promise," Onduras said from beside me. I looked at him with a slanted stare. A good dog to a child could be leagues different than a good dog to a parent. I sighed, pinching the bridge of my nose. "If you found him while we were gone, where has he been since we got back?" Ashk asked then, curiously looking at my brothers. The two immediately glanced at each other with a brief chuckle. Orophin, grinning with humor, told her, "Ana chased down Lord Celeborn. She begged him to keep Pirate until we could get him here." "He put up a good fight," Rumil chimed in with a nod. "I almost thought he was going to say no to her." "The dog's been staying with the Lady and Lord?" I asked just to understand correctly. The thought of such a thing was shocking to me. "Andira told me that by the end of last week, he was sleeping on the bed with them," Rumil replied. I knew it was very possible he was right; Andira was one of the Lady's handmaidens of whom Rumil was often...social with. "Can't we keep him, Ada?" Ana asked, her blue eyes batting at me. Onduras shifted beside me. "Please, Ada?" I looked at the two then hopelessly at my wife. She only smiled at me - that devastating smile - and I knew I had lost this battle...yet again. "All right, all right," I grumbled, "He can stay." The twins squealed with glee and I didn't miss the shared look of victory between my two brothers. I pointed my fork at them. "Don't think you two are out of the dark." A moment later, we all paused to hear the vicious hissing of Moss - yet another battle I'd lost. I turned my head to see the cat had discovered the dog, and likewise. "Look, they're saying hello," Ana announced. With one bark, the fight was on and Pirate bolted after the cat, flying under the table, nearly knocking out one of the legs. "Pirate!" Onduras shouted, diving from his chair to follow the race. His sister immediately followed as the cat bolted through the open window near the door. Pirate launched through it as well. "Ana - Onduras!" Rumil sprang to a stand, running after the two with my other brother close behind. The four of them flew out the door in pursuit. The table now empty despite my wife, my youngest, and myself, I only stared at the open door. I could hear the dog barking, my children laughing, and my brothers shouting all the way down on the floor level. Ashk slowly stood, taking Nethin from his chair. She paused and I finally stood, walking to her reluctantly. Only at the door did we see the parade of my family charging through the once peaceful city. I sighed in dismay. Once, my life had been quiet. Ashk laughed softly. "I love you, Haldir." I looked at her to see her smiling hopelessly at me. "I used to have a normal life, you know," I told her, the distancing sounds of the chase still ringing in my ears. She only smiled at me and Nethin cooed between us, tugging on a lock of his mother's hair. I kissed her briefly, my son grabbing onto my hair as well, before I pulled away. Something in the distance crashed and we heard the shrieking of the cat. Ashk sighed. "Now, please go retrieve our children before they take the city apart..." I started down the stairs. "Yes, dear." The End As I said, this was something I found from the first series of chapters. I thought it was cute – hope you thought the same! The next chapter – the beginning of the new stories – called "Returning Home" will be posted within the next few days. It's very short and it's just kind of an introduction back into their lives. I can't wait to get rolling on this series again! Thank you all for your faithful kindness and support! All my love! -Jo New Projected Date for "Returning Home": June 1st