"The knife you cut yourself with from Ada's cabinet?" Guilt immediately bloomed on my son's face and he looked at me warily. "It was poisoned…You've been in a fever for almost five days," Ashk continued as she sat on the bed's edge. Emotion hiccupped her voice as she said, "You had us all very worried, honey." Onduras frowned, seeing a tear trickle down his mother's face. "Don't cry, Ama." I smiled at my son as he struggled to sit up. I gently pushed him back down. "Don't try moving too much." He was winded, and shocked, as he laid back down with a nod. My hand moved to his flushed cheek, turning his head to me. His tired eyes met mine. "You can never do that to us again." He smiled weakly. "I hope not, Ada…I had wicked dreams." I couldn't help the chuckle that came from me before emotion choked it. My son looked at me, a bit of fear coming into his eyes. "Ada, I had terrible dreams," he whispered. "I know you did," I said softly, trying to assure him. "But you can forget them now…It's over." I brushed a tear from his face as he looked at his mother. I dreaded to know what he had dreamt of in those hours of tormenting fever. He looked back to me, desperation suddenly as his eyes welled with tears. "None of it happened?" he whispered. "None of it," Ashk told him. "Not a bit of it." Suddenly – perhaps in joy or fear – my son burst into tears. Ashk immediately shifted, carefully pulling him into her lap as if he was as weak as a lamb. I moved, embracing them both as our child sobbed, telling us the horrors of his dreams. And as even I shuddered with his words, I knew those dreams would not fade for some time. But, Vala, my son was alive…And he was safe in his mother's arms. One Month Later Ashk I walked onto the forest floor with Pirate trotting behind me. Nethin was in my arms and he made horse-shoe noises as I walked with an extra bounce in my step. And, as we came to the gardens, he yanked back on his invisible reins. I stopped obediently. "You can put me down now, Ama," he said seriously. I smiled, putting him on the ground. He immediately sped off toward where he could hear his brother and sister playing. Pirate bounded after him in glee. As I came around the bend, I smiled. Under the large, beautiful statues of their grandparents, my three children ran after each other. Pirate narrowly got out of the way as Nethin and Onduras ran after each other, nearly colliding with him. I watched my eldest son carefully, looking for any sign of fatigue or stress. Yet, as he giggled with his siblings, the horrors of last month seemed to be gone completely. But still, at night, Haldir and I often woke to his struggling nightmares. I hoped Elrond was right, and those nightmares would one day fade. Elrond and his company had only left last week. Perhaps he was shocked when I kissed his cheek with tears in my eyes, but the smile he gave me was warming. My thanks to him could not be expressed in words, but perhaps in that brief look he understood some of it. Galadriel had stayed in Caras Galadhon after her son-in-law's departure. She had been a frequent visitor to our home ever since that terrible week. But now, things seemed to be getting back to normal. Haldir had taken a month's absence from the borders since our son's …illness. I couldn't help but be glad for it. He was more attentive to his children than ever now, and somehow that near tragedy had brought us even closer than we could have imagined. He had, of course, emptied the house of any weapons within a child's possible reach by any means. We'd also been recently debating if we should move to a larger home, where his study could be farther from the children and homelife than just the common room or bedroom. But, I doubted we'd leave that flet. It was home, and it had been for ten years…I was fairly certain I'd convinced him only to build onto it yet again. I looked to my husband, sitting quietly on the bench swing we always sat on when in this garden. As if feeling my eyes, he looked to me and he smiled as I walked to him. The night settled around us gently. The warm breeze of summer came and passed, leaving behind a fragrance of flowers. The pair of us swayed in the swing as our three children played among each other under our watchful and loving eyes. Onduras suddenly paused in his laughter and looked at us. His giddy smile softened into a gentle softness a child his age should never bear. It was a wise, grateful smile a boy rarely bore before he was well into his years. And then, he went on with his playing and Haldir suddenly kissed my cheek softly. I closed my eyes, smiling. I hoped one day I would forget the look of his grief and fear…but for now, it was as strong in me as the thought of his smile. I only hoped I'd never see that look again. --- Sheesh! That turned out to be SO long. I hope you all enjoyed it though. I look forward to seeing what you thought of it. I'm have a great time tweaking and turning the children this way and that for the upcoming stories. Haldir and Ashk are more fun than ever to write. As always, I owe you guys tons and tons of gratitude for all you wonderful comments! I love you! I hope you enjoyed – Let me know what you think! -Jo Next Update : June 8th or June12th (real life is being needy this week)