to greet his sovereign, he was thinking of her. The ceremony was brief, for the day had become hot and all the lords were melting under their heavy robes and armor. Éomer guessed that the Steward had spoken faster than was entirely necessary, but felt grateful. Also, he had wanted very much to speak with Éowyn. And so, he swung up on Firefoot's back and directed him to his sister rather than remain beside Aragorn. King Elessar , Éomer corrected himself. Éowyn had gone to find Windfola, but she had probably seen him coming, for she remained where she was after she swung up onto the horse's back. She seemed to watch him with some trepidation, but she was radiant as he had not seen her in many years. He led Firefoot as close to her horse as was safe, and then he gathered her in a firm embrace. "Éowyn," he murmured, overcome with emotion. The last time he had held her, she had been so weak, so frail. And even that had been a miracle, for he had left her for dead on the battlefield. Now she was clutching him back tightly with strong arms. The war was over, and all was well. Or so he thought. When he pulled away from her, he noticed the slight puffiness below her eyes, signs that she was not sleeping well. He wondered whether that was due to her illness or for some other reason. He hoped it was not on Aragorn's account, for he had only recently learned that the King was promised to another, and he was certain that Éowyn did not know this. He had great affection and respect for Lord Aragorn, but in this matter of his sister he felt the man had behaved ill. But perhaps, were he in the same position, he would not have acted any differently. "Éomer," said Éowyn, smoothing out the wrinkles she had made in his cape. She did not notice his concern for her. "It is so good to see you again, and I have so much to tell you . . . " Éomer would have remained by her side all day to hear whatever it was she had to say, if Erchirion, Imrahil's son, had not interrupted. He galloped in and reared his horse, as if to show off his horsemanship. "My Lord, the procession is leaving you behind. Hurry up, or you'll be left with the women." Then he noticed Éowyn, who had been partially hidden from his sight behind her brother. Erchirion reddened a little when he saw her and then galloped away without saying anything else. Éomer returned his attention to his sister. "We will talk as we go up." "Was that one of the Prince's sons?" she asked. "I saw them talking to each other." "Yes. That was Lord Erchirion, his second son," replied Éomer, suddenly fired by a new idea at her curiosity. As far as he knew, Éowyn had never met or seen Imrahil other than that terrible day on the Pelennor, and she had been unconscious then. Perhaps, then, she had liked the look of one of his sons, and had inquired after him during the ceremony. That might be a good match for his sister. Or perhaps Elphir or Amrothos if she did not like Erchirion. They were all good men, if a little impetuous. He wouldn't push her to marry any of them, but if her sudden happiness was due to Aragorn's return alone, then it might help her to forget him later if she had someone else. He quizzed her as they made their way through the city. "Why didn't you come to Cormallen?" Éowyn blushed a little, which was remarkable. Éomer was not accustomed to seeing his sister's face flush. Nor was he accustomed to that secretive little smile that followed. He was intrigued. She pushed her golden tresses behind her back, for they had fallen in her face, and stammered as she searched for a response. But then another interruption intruded upon their conversation, for an old woman tugged gently on Éowyn's skirts. To his surprise, the woman handed to his sister a small bundle of white flowers. Asphodel. That was what the Gondorrim used for wedding garlands. "Thank you," he heard Éowyn say to the woman in response to something he hadn't heard. Éomer's brow furrowed with suspicion. Éowyn did indeed have many things to tell him. "What did she say?" he pressed her. Éowyn sniffed the flowers, still smiling. She was off in another world and hadn't heard the question. So Éomer repeated it. "Oh, she wished me joy," was her vague answer. Éomer might have been irritated, but he sensed that Éowyn was not purposely lying to him. She was merely preoccupied with some thought, and didn't seem to notice that no one else knew what it was. Or maybe he was the only one who didn't know what it was. She hadn't mentioned Aragorn, so perhaps that wasn't it after all. It occurred to Éomer that she might have met someone else during her brief stay in the city. But then, why had her eyes fallen upon Aragorn so often during the ceremony? She had gazed upon the king with such love and joy. Éomer was about to tell her once and for all that the King was in love with another, but somehow he couldn't bring himself to do it. It would either shatter her happiness, or make him look like a fool for thinking something that wasn't so. He determined to let her come to him. Eventually, Éowyn would tell him. But if it was Aragorn…well, maybe Imrahil would say something first about a possible union. As Éomer thought of Imrahil, he searched for his daughter and found Lothiriel up ahead, this time conversing with Legolas. An expression similar to his sister's came over his face; and the two siblings continued riding in silence, though neither one realized they weren't speaking.