smirk as he flicked a brow, "I don't believe I've consented to such ungodly desires, for you just to lie against me and ogle, Aragorn…" Seconds after, Legolas rolled them over with an ease so foreign to the lithe figure. Blonde, crimped threads from his loosened braids and straight golden hair twinkling in the moonlight falling over his shoulders as he leant down and kissed his chest, his back arching with the curvature of a feline as he discovered a dusky nipple which he no sooner suckled feverishly, clenching and unclenching Aragorn's strong hips as he grew almost obsessed with the sounds it elicited from the older man. Aragorn admitted he liked when Legolas had his way, however, he wouldn't allow his submission to fog his desire to know what it felt to take him, "You're absolutely correct…" "Oh!" Blonde hair spread about the soft green earth beneath Legolas as he once against stood with Aragorn's large, beautifully shadowed frame poised above him. Confused, however, he touched his shoulder, and eyed him daringly as he took in the words that spilled from his smirking lips. "It is about time I take you to the point where you cannot walk…" Jade met cobalt in a heated stare, and the elf no sooner found that the Ranger was not at all bluffing. Aragorn kissed the toned and pale abdomen of his blonde counterpart, swirling his tongue through the oval cavern of his navel as his large, calloused hands parted his long, pale legs. Legolas felt utterly exposed, and a tinge of pink came over his cheeks as he watched Aragorn guide his legs to wrap loosely around his waist as he huskily whispered, "Lift your bottom…" Legolas did and watched him swerve his hips in approach before turning his head and closing his eyes. Aragorn positioned himself and felt Legolas tighten. "Relax, Melamin…" Caressing his thighs, he smiled as a sigh escaped him and Aragorn brought the head of him to touch his body. Legolas's fingers dug into the earth, "…Ara…" "Relax…" He couldn't tell him to hurry, but his body ached to be released of the tremendous agony to have him rut him like an orc. He moaned again as he felt his tip graze him intimately and uncontrollably bucked his hips, "Patience is a teasing virtue Aragorn!" Then he felt the other man's grip tighten against his hips and held his breath before the sudden feeling of being completely filled muddled his senses and only made him feel even more sexually uncontrolled. "Legolas!" Aragorn too was taken by the sensations that surrounded him, and could barely keep himself under control as he shifted to adjust. The friction was but sweet, and Legolas's swaying hips, encouraging groans and lusty whispers, released the hungry lion from the cage of patience… Cries and puffs of much needed air filled the starry, starry night as the Ranger swayed and pounded against the submissive elf, he too lifting his strong hips to strike against his in that ancient rhythmic dance of passion. "Oh-Ara-…" Pale fingers clutched at the damp hair as Aragorn leant forward to kiss the clenching, working muscles of Legolas's belly as his lower half bucked into him with quickening snaps. His gasping breath showering wisps of warm air against his skin, soon appearing as steam as the sky above them grew bright and mighty with its thunderous roar and wash of icy rain. Nevertheless however, the threatening chill and icy tears of Mother Nature couldn't compete with the force of nature that was their love. Legolas's skin shone luminous in the lightening clapped sky as it swayed above Aragorn's now grounded body, parted lips filled with the awe and overwhelming emotion catching and dripping with the water that poured from the sky. Wetting his hair and bathing his body of all he could too soon find himself regretting the next time he awoke. "Legolas- I cannot-!" He heard him through the storm, and even if he couldn't he could feel his heat reaching the peak of completion welding deep within him, and he too cried out as it set him on fire from the inside out… He gasped. "Aragorn…" "Legolas…" " Leg -Ara- Olas -Gorn!" Thick strands of wet blonde hair cut through the air as Legolas threw his head back, Aragorn's name escaping his lips into the thundering air and joined his own as he too cried out in that inexplicable, overwhelming peak of orgasmic equilibrium in the shape of his lovers name one last time. The sound of birds, dew, and scent of a morning after a storm greeted him as he awoke. Brown lashes fluttering over jade orbs that couldn't have been any more alive than they were then. He moved his hand and placed it against his sun bathed brow, finding he could not move more than a few hairs without disturbing the blue-eyed beauty that still slept, still, beautiful, and naked atop his breast. A crooked smile graced the sated features of Aragorn's face, and he cocked his head in sweet admiration as his touch met the smoothness of his upturned cheek. The beauty stirred, and in moments found him also very much content as wide, blue eyes the color of the tranquil azure sea, gazed into his own. "Amin harmuva onalle e' cormamin..." Legolas closed his eyes as Aragorn touched him again, and softly placed a kiss to his palm before Aragorn spoke. "Yes… But it is you, this gift, which I will treasure in MY heart…" Legolas felt the beating of Aragorn's heart upon that very moment, irregular, underneath his graceful palm as he touched his chest and craned his head to reach his lips. He met them, warm and soft, and sweetened with dew, and forever wanting to see them smile, he said, "A'maelamin, I couldn't agree more…" FIN -Melamin: My Love - A'rwalaer: Lusty One - Amin harmuva onalle e' cormamin: 'I shall treasure your gift in my heart.' - A'maelamin: My Beloved.