glance and wondered fleetingly if even Elrond could match the intensity of that particular expression on Boromir's face, the one that crowed Ha! I said it would be so . "Just consider Moria, Aragorn," Gandalf urged. Boromir instantly deflated. Aragorn hesitated. "We have come this far," he replied at last. "Let us give it one more chance, and learn more of what lies ahead before we choose the way." Gandalf assented with a small nod. Boromir looked back to the little jumble that was the rest of the Company, one Dwarf and one Elf seated by a pony behind which four hobbits were not even visible, all walled in by the storm. He turned back to Aragorn with a skeptical frown, his hand going absently back to rub his temple. "And just how do you propose to learn more of our surroundings when our limbs are half-frozen and we can't budge from this crack in the mountain?" Aragorn inclined his head slightly toward the space behind Boromir. Boromir turned, indulging only for a split second the notion that a benevolent dragon had arrived, its sole and especial purpose to aid the Company of the Ring – to melt all the snow with a well-placed breath of fire, or to level the cursed heights of Caradhras with a swipe of the tail, or perhaps even to serve kindly as the Company's ride to wherever they wished to go. But only for a split second. After all, Boromir might have been frustrated, but he was not insane. However, what he did see behind him baffled him nearly as much as a magnanimous dragon would have. There was the elf, crouching right behind his shoulder, looking for all the world as if he had been perched in that spot the entire time. Boromir had just seen him sitting with the little ones an instant ago! He nearly lost his balance, recoiling from the abruptness of the elf's appearance. Legolas smiled cheerily and placed a hand on the man's shoulder, steadying him. Despite the elf's gesture of goodwill, Boromir's glower persisted. For one thing, the dull throb in his head that had been bothering him intermittently for several days had started up again. For the other, he was absolutely certain that he had caught a spark of amusement in the elf's eyes, not to mention the fact that he had been surprised into nearly falling over in the snow – from a stationary crouch, no less – and that was no action worthy of a warrior of Gondor. "Legolas, if you would please scout . . ."Aragorn began. "You need not even ask," Legolas interrupted. Boromir wondered distantly why he looked so . . . gleeful . "We have covered the astonishing grand total of almost two leagues in the past two nights. What are a few steps farther?" A hapless look came over Aragorn's face. Legolas paused with an expression that peculiarly reminded Boromir of when he wanted to correct a fault in Faramir's battle stance without injuring his younger brother's pride. He seemed to have read the look accurately, for the elf finally could not help adding, "It would still be nothing." Nothing? Boromir's mind repeated, momentarily unable to grasp the concept that their trek up this mountain could be considered nothing by anyone, even an elf. Legolas seemed to understand the reason behind Boromir's bewildered look, for he started his next words with a conciliatory tone (though a childlike eagerness quickly took over). "Fear not! If there are spies lying in wait, I will spy them out. Fell voices, falling stones – whatever dangers lie ahead, I shall return with a full report." Grinning in farewell, Legolas stood swiftly and glided past the men and the wizard to vanish around the bend. Yes. Glided. Boromir saw that the elf's feet left no mark in the snow. He stared at the trail – or rather, the lack of a trail. Then he looked toward the point where Legolas had disappeared, and then, back down at the non-existent trail. "He is not accustomed to such a pace as we have kept," Aragorn sighed. Having heard this before only about individuals who could not travel as quickly as the rest of their group, Boromir only shook his head slowly while Aragorn spoke on. "To be fair, I am surprised he has not commented on it at all until now." The ranger's gaze turned inward, as if recalling far, fond memories. "The Valar know, certain other elves I have hunted with would certainly have . . . mentioned it long before." Boromir slowly looked up at the ranger. Yes, he knew that some things were easier for elves than for Men – a paltry number of trifling things, really – but this fact had never seized his attention quite so sharply before he noted, just now, that the elf floated over snow. (And this was due to no lapse on Boromir's part, since the elf usually walked behind them all as rearguard.) "Never mind. I'm rather glad he has this chance to stretch his legs a bit," Gandalf remarked. Boromir slowly looked toward the wizard. Yes, Gandalf's voice had been completely calm, but the way his form shook, he must have been suppressing either laughter or great pain. A small part of Boromir's mind observed, rather sourly, that it must be the former. Acutely conscious of his aching knees and sore calves, understandable even for warriors of Gondor after so hard a night's journey, Boromir repeated, "Stretch . . . his legs?" Aragorn sighed and cleared his throat. "Well, since we have a brief respite now, I suggest we follow the hobbits' example and get a little rest until Legolas returns." Still looking a bit dazed, Boromir followed Aragorn to rejoin the hobbits, Gimli, and Bill. At least his headache was receding. Gandalf watched them go, musing wryly, Trust Aragorn to make even rest into a chore. To be continued . . . Please review!