blood my finger was losing. He got alittle lower, careful not to fall off too, then he tried again and he got my wrist, now it was my turn to decide if I wanted to live or die. I chose to live so I grabbed as far as my hand could reach on his wrist and with help from the other two hobbits, Sam and Merry, they managed to get me up. We all fell on the ground with happiness and laziness until the ground started shaking under our feet. We quickly got up and ran out of the volcano. We got to sfety on a rock that barely fit all of us hobbits on it. After we were slowly floating down the mountain, I kissed all the hobbits on their lips and gave them a hug. Then I felt dizzy and fell over onto Merry and Sam. Frodo was on the other side. It seemed like I was there forever. (Merry's POV) So at this point in our journey, we were all thirsty, hungry, sweaty, dirty and tired. Especially Pippin. He was asleep in my lap. I think he fainted but I'm not so sure. He was face down in my lap. So his mouth was where my crotch is. It looked kinda wrong because I put my hand on his soft, fluffy, brown-golden hair and stroked his hair gently and lightly. I lifted his head off my crotch and let it dangle on my chest. He fell down into my lap again which made me realize he did faint. He kept dreamily opening his green eyes and moving his head around my chest. I lifted it up to my face and his eyes slowly opened and met mine. "Merry? What happened? Where are we?" Pippin asked looking around. "It's ok Pippin, we are going home now. Aren't we Frodo?" I asked Frodo. "I sure hope so Merry," he said with hope. "Still what happened?" Pippin asked still looking around. "We...you destroyed the Ring," I said shedding a tear. "I did?" He whispered softly. "Yes," Sam came and said. "Sam, Frodo," he said softly. I was holding and craddling him in my arms. "I want to go home," he said and fell back asleep. "We all do, Pippin. We all do," I said kissing the side of his head gently. Then we all fell asleep alittle later. Then the eagles came with Gandalf. (Pippin's POV) I fainted on the rock and then woke up in a building constructed with gold. I was laying in a bed made of sheep's wool as white as snow. I slowly rose and perched up on my arm. "You have afew guests Pippin Took," Gandalf said. "Ok," I replied fixing my view on the door across from my bed. First was Gimli. "You naughty little troublemaker," he said sarcastically and smiling. I smiled and chuckled at his comment. We shared a brief hug and he went and stood by the door. Next up was Legolas. He smiled and came to the bed and we also shared a brief hug. He didn't say anything to me. He went and stood next to Gimli. Then Aragorn came to the bed. He chuckled and said," I see you have not only the Ring destroyed, but also half of your finger," he smiled and kissed my forehead. I chuckled and smiled and looked at my half-eaten finger all bandaged up in white fluffy stuff. It was soft, yet tough. "Yeah I know," I told him and then he went and stood next to the other two. Then Sam came in. He smiled and then came and jumped onto the bed with me. We hugged very tightly as he shed afew tears and I shed even more. He then bent back over and kissed me on the lips. "You didn't do very bad, Pip," he smiled politely. "Thanks." Then he stayed on the bed with me and then Merry came in. "Pippy!" He said very excited to see me hopped on the bed with Sam. He gave me the tightest hug ever and gave me a peck on the cheek. I turned him back around and kissed his lips as I started crying as did he. We seperated and I gave him the 'I need you' face. (The one in Return of the King when Frodo leaves at the very end and Pippin is all sniffly and red from crying and smiling at the same time) He also stayed on the bed and he was hugging Sam at this point crying. Last but not least, Frodo walked in. He was already crying really hard. Seeing that made me cry harder. He plopped on the bed and we shared the longest hug out of the other two hobbits. My hands were exploring his fluffy brown hair as his were exploring my fluffy blondish-brown hair. We pulled away from our hug and stared into each other's eyes. He looked at my lips and leaned in. I did the same. Next thing I knew I was lip-to-lip with Frodo. Our eyes were closed with passion and want. We pulled apart and he said," I knew I wasn't the only one capable of this evil power." "Thanks Frodo." "Your always welcome, Pippin." He smiled and sat back with the other two hobbits. I gave Gandalf a look I nor he could understand. I gave a quick smile to the hobbits and tried to get off the bed and walk around. I did so, but failed and kept falling over onto Merry, who was my aid, and so I went back to the bed. Then the whole thing ended like the end in the Return of the King movie with Frodo leaving and all of us saying goodbye. Author's Note: How did you like it? Awesome? Okay? Terrible? Whatever it is review my story and I will try to fix it. Please Read and Review. Thank you for reading Pippin: A new Hero. :)