a beautiful sight flowing endlessly between the roots of Rivendell. We reached a great hall and I could see that not only elves were present. Men, dwarves and another race of blonde elves were all eating together. However they distinctly sat at different tables. The stubbornness between the races was hardly disguised. I frowned, even in Middle earth there was prejudice. Arwen lead me to a table closest to her father right near Aragorn. She was clever though asking me if I'd like to sit near him since he knew me most out everyone present in the room. I nodded. I could see her love for him clear as day. I sat down and Aragorn smiled at me. " Goodmorning Lady Grace I trust you slept well?" asked Aragorn. " Like a rock." I answered. I grabbed some toast and other goodies while Gandalf pulled up a chair beside me. " Grace you are summoned on behalf of-" " I already know." I answered taking a bite of toast. " The hedgehog came last night. I am to go on behalf of Radagast and Beorn." Gandalf smiled. " Indeed. The council will be held shortly after breakfast. Aragorn will show you the way. Be dressed appropriately. " said Gandalf looking down at my long blue smock of a shirt. " By dressed appropriately you mean?" " I mean like a man with some great business and strength. You look about as put together as hobbit." Answered Gandalf somewhat laughing and looking over to Merry and Pippin who were both sporting similar white smock shirts untidy and messy as ever. " Oh. I guess your right." I felt eyes on me just then, only for a split second. They felt like a tide washing over my face. There was a coolness to them. I looked around for them but found no one. I dismissed the feeling and left after I had eaten. I rushed to my room and found an array of mans clothes waiting to be tried and tampered with. I opted for black pants and a charcoaled long sleeved shirt that was coated in thin silver vines. I stepped out of my room and directly into Aragorn. " Ah Lady Grace-" " Just Grace please." " Grace you certainly look like a man." " I'll take that as a compliment. You think Gandalf will be happy with it?" I asked as we walked to where the council was being held. "I think so. However you are a woman there is no way to hide such a fact. No amount of mans clothes will do." We came to a circle of chairs. Frodo was already sitting on the edges of the circle there was an empty spot beside Gandalf and so I took the opportunity to snag it. As I sat down I heard Luthien's voice again. " The Ring will test you Grace. It will remind you of what you have lost." I could not feel the rings' full weight until Frodo brought it forward. He placed it on the stone table in the center of the council at the request of Lord Elrond. I held onto the chair. I felt a great sadness wash over me but also there was the tide again. The ebb and flow of a stare, Someone was watching me. I looked up and low and behold a blonde elf's eyes was wandering my direction. But I recognized him immediately. " Havo Da Legolas." Said Aragorn. He was standing. I had missed part of the council's discussion entirely, wonderful. I certainly was not helping. With that thought I heard something. A whispering, like warm wound still bleeding. It was flooding my ears as memories began to prick and tingle like needles at my mind. I sat completely still when I saw glimpses of my house my parents laughing and then suddenly the house was empty slowly filling with snow, and peeling paint and dirt and homeless animals seeking shelter. Then the animals left and the house was barren. The roof caved, photos scattered and curling in on themselves. Pictures, so many pictures of me and my family. Suddenly there was a large white building, and a stack of papers with everyone I've ever cared about and a list of deaths. So many deaths and my head began to throb. I felt the ocean against my mind again and as I looked up I met eyes with Legolas. It felt like he was trying to reach me. I was knee deep in the councils bickering again. Even Gandalf had become a part of the madness. I suddenly heard a small voice. " I will take it. I WILL TAKE IT!" Yelled Frodo. I turned to him and felt peace again. He was bound to it once more. I could not help but feel sadness for Frodo. His decision I knew would claim his life. "I will help you bear this burden Frodo Baggins as long as it yours to bear." Said Gandalf. One by one Aragorn, Legolas, Boromir, and Gimi all pledged to protect Frodo. It was my time to step up. I heard Luthiens voice in my head. " Do not have fear my child." " I too pledge to protect you Frodo Baggins by life and loyalty I swear it." I stood up. No one spoke, no one fought me, I was surprised. " HEH! Mr Frodo aint going no where without me." Yelled a voice. Sam emerged from the bushes. " Yes it seems it is hardly possible to separate you two even when Frodo is summoned to secret council and you are not." Said Lord Elrond Suddenly Merry and Pippin emerged from the bushes as well " Hey We're coming too! " said Merry. "You need people with a sort of intelligence on this sort quest!" said Pippin " Well that rules you out Pip!" ' I laughed. I could certainly get used to their humor on such a perilous journey.