at his hand and to the missing finger but wished he felt as brave as they exclaimed. Would they know he faltered and that he for a moment tried to have the ring himself? Perchance it was a mere moment towards the end but it had happened and he felt guilt of it. Had Gollum done him a courtesy in his overwhelming greed? Had the former hobbit saved Frodo from himself? He felt he owed Gollum and still felt ill of the misfortune that befell him when the ring came to him. The creature known as Gollum had long ceased being anything as natural as a hobbit and became as unnatural as the Orcs. Gollum's voice and many personalities were wrought in Frodo's mind shadowing the torrent of thoughts while the elves were praising him. "Give it to usssss," the voice became deeper and more threatening with simple words, "Raw! and wriggliiiiiiiiiing" Still the voice chimed in his mind. It was both torture and a blessing because he would soon not forget a moment of this quest with much thanks to Gollum. Still the hobbit gave them an embarrassed smile and inhaled deeply to steel himself but perhaps only Sam would understand. Gandalf's glare stopped them all as he watched Arri gather her gown up carefully to walk up slowly and cautiously looking past the Elves who dismounted and were searching for their own family. Gandalf's heart went to her and for a moment she reminded him of their dear hobbits, "Come child." He offered as he wrapped his arm to her shoulders. She looked lost but he knew it was her heart and not where she stood. His eyes met hers slowly and he mustered a smile for her benefit. "I am looking for Thondas of Rivendell," she stammered slowly but she did not look very hopeful. Arri's eyes scanned over the elves standing first searching for the face she knew all too well. She turned her eyes up to Gandalf with pleading and glassy eyes. Arwen watched Legolas and Aragorn searching their faces for an answer and as they both shook their heads with downcast looks. She took a deep breath knowing the worries that she had busied Arri with about Aragorn seemed quite frivolous before and she was humbled by the difference now. She knew her father kept them in his vision but it did not stop her from folding herself in Aragorn's arms, simply grateful he had returned to her. Aragorn felt Arwen hold him tighter and nudged Legolas, "She never got to know many here…." Aragorn hoped Legolas would go to her after watching the earlier infatuation between them but another male elf already had his arm around her shoulder as Gandalf lead her towards the slain elves. Arwen sighed watching Eosin found a place by her and tried hold her as she walked, "Eosin seems to be taken with her." Eosin seemed to not notice the other maidens who would be happy to have the elf comfort them and instead he dipped his head down to whisper lightly in her ear. Legolas tried not to appear interested in Eosin's arm around her but he could notice Arri did not return his embrace. In fact, he would gather to say she looked uncomfortable with his attention to her. When he leaned in to her it looked like a kiss was eminent but instead he whispered to her hear. All the same Arri pulled away from him and even Gandalf wringing her hands slowly. Aragorn pressed his lips together watching her, "I doubt she would see anything but her grief now?" They saw others with her emotions seemingly mirrored and thought there had to be a way to make this easier for them, even if they knew it was not in vain Arwen held her tongue about how Arri had been taken with Legolas during their arrival and how she had not blinked watching him from the window, until Arri remembered whom he was. She continued her worry that an old rivalry might continue even despite what they had both shared. It was but a look, still she had not seen kisses that were not as personal as the look they shared. Legolas cleared his throat as Elrond came to them, "we should leave her to grieve." As certain as he would the last person she would want to see and he was just as sure she would wish to be alone, she never did like a lot of attention. Arwen did not agree watching her with her own tears threatening to fall. She seemed to want to clear her head as she pull away slightly and left Aragorn's embrace going to speak to her with helpless eyes. Aragorn looked to Legolas who seemed to know this maiden and Elrond agreed with a nod as well for guidance because not only was she grieving but Arwen seemed to grieve with her now. He had known of Arri by name only, even though she was a part of Elrond's house. Was she so shy that she deliberately his from the world or did she carry another secret? "They will join us when they are ready," Elrond gestured to his house as it gleamed to them from atop of the great hills. "There is cause for some to celebrate too." He looked pointedly at Aragorn and Frodo, "and if they are to be reminded no sacrifice was in vain it may ease their pains." Elrond gave them a rueful smile leading them to the mesmerizing beauty of his home. Legolas moved slowly after them but he turned dismally back to Arri who's face fell quickly and she ran to Arwen's arms not Eosin's. Arwen patted her back reassuringly but how could an elf reassure another over something they knew very little about, such as death. Legolas felt he intruded as he watched Arri do something for the first time as long as he had known her, she cried.