eye and peered around her, making sure that she really was there. She hauled herself up, giving a mighty yawn and stretching her small limbs. Ilmare blinked the sleep out of her eyes and scratched the back of her head. She tossed the covers off her legs and slid out of bed, wiggling her toes once they made contact with the cool stone floor. She wandered towards the small desk, delighted to find the heaps of papers and writing utensil that decorated it. Ilmare struggled into the tall chair, sitting upon her knees so that she could see over the desk. Ilmare grabbed a thick piece of paper, a quill, and a jar of jet black ink. She struggled for a moment, working the cap off, but the girl eventually managed. Ilmare dipped the nib of the quill into the ink and got to work sketching. The young girl was skilled with art, always making her mother proud. Ilmare was exceptional for twelve, and in fact, was more skilled with a pencil than most grown people. She began making the shapes of flowers up and down the page with graceful, twisting vines and curving leaves. Ilmare didn't look up from her work until there was a small knock on the door. The girl looked over her shoulder and said, "Come in!" before turning back to the page, adding the finishing touches. Ilmare looked at her ink-stained hands, wiping them on the already dirty skirt. She hopped off the chair and turned towards the woman who had entered her room, her slender arms full of dresses. Ilmare studied her thoughtfully, taking in her pretty face, pointed nose, long, dark hair, and her blue eyes that sparkled in the light. The elleth nodded respectfully before saying. "You are Ilmare, correct?" her voice was soft and clear. The girl nodded. "Yes, that is me. What is your name?" The woman looked surprised at the question, stumbling over her tongue before answering. "Aerin." Ilmare grinned widely. "It is very nice to meet you, Lady Aerin." The elleth smiled sincerely. "The same goes to you, my child." Aerin lowered the bundles of clothes onto the messy bed. "The queen sent to have some dresses made up for you and delivered." Ilmare's dark blue eyes moved from the lovely elleth before her to the variety of dresses folded upon her bed. "Which one would you like to wear?" Aerin asked, smiling fondly at the girl. Ilmare eyed the pile, searching for a color that jumped out. She pointed at a sky blue fabric. "That one, please!" Aerin picked through the other dresses until she had Ilmare's desired gown in her hands. The elleth unfolded it, showing the full detail to Ilmare, who gasped at its beauty. The fabric shone in the light, gold details sparkling. At the waist, was a white belt. The sleeves tightened at the forearm, and then spread out to the wrist. "This is for me?" Ilmare whispered in disbelief. It looks like a dress for a princess. Aerin chuckled at the girl's bewildered expression. "Yes, Ilmare. It is. As well as the rest of them," she gestured to the rest of the gowns on her bed. "Wow," breathed the girl. She turned to the woman beside her. "Will you help me put it on, please?" "Of course," said Aerin. "That is why I am here." First, Ilmare was put into a thin under dress. It was silky and soft against her skin. Then, Aerin pulled the blue dress over her head, tying the laces in the back for Ilmare, for the girl wouldn't be able to do it. Ilmare examined the dress, very happy with how it looked on her. It didn't quite touch the floor, but it stopped at about her ankles, showing her bare feet. She furrowed her brows, turning to the woman to ask about it, but Aerin was one step ahead of her. She held two black slippers in her hands. Ilmare impatiently tugged the thin shoes upon her feet, eager to go see and play with Legolas again. She started towards the door, only to have Aerin pick her up by her waist and put her in front of the vanity desk in the corner of her room. "Not yet, you don't," she said with amusement in her voice. Aerin already liked this elfling very much and was happy to be posted as her handmaiden. Ilmare pouted up at the elleth, crossing her arms over her chest. "Why not?" Aerin chuckled and tugged at a frizzy strand of her auburn hair, showing it to the girl. "Your hair is very messy. We can't have you going out and about like that." Ilmare looked at her reflection in the mirror, cringing at her hair. It was very bad. "Oh. Okay." Aerin gracefully picked up a hair brush from the table and ran it through her tangled tresses. Ilmare was very pleased that Aerin managed to make it painless. Not once did she pull her hair. "Would you like me to braid it?" Aerin asked once she was sure Ilmare's hair was knot-free. "Yes, please." Answered the young girl politely. Aerin's nimble fingers got to work, manipulating Ilmare's hair into simple braids. It didn't take her more than a minute, and for that, Ilmare was thankful. She didn't think that she could sit still for another moment. "There," said Aerin, placing her hands upon her hips. "All done!" The moment those words left her lips, Ilmare sprang out of the chair. "Thank you very much, Lady Aerin." Aerin laughed at the young girl's excited behavior. "It was my pleasure. Now, I am to take you to the Lady Melian. She wishes for you to meet her and Legolas to break your fast." Ilmare's hands went to her stomach. Now that she mentioned it, she was rather hungry. Ilmare smiled shyly at Aerin. "Thank you." And with that, Ilmare was taken to meet her new found friend and Lady Melian.