that is so, why would she come here? She must have wanted you." The words made sense, but he was still angry. Haldir looked at his brother, but it was Altariel's face he saw, Altariel's image burning brightly in his mind. Memories of that one night still scorched him, haunting his dreams each night. The feel of her fëa coiled around his was driving him to the brink of madness. "Who is she?" Rúmil asked softly, his eyes compassionate. Again, Haldir hesitated, then gave a slight, resigned shrug and spoke her name aloud. "But that is for your ears only. You may tell Orophin but no one else." "Understood," Rúmil said, and used his knee to nudge him. "Go to her." Haldir turned away, but could feel his brother's gaze upon his back. xxx Altariel did not look up, although she felt his presence on the flet. He crouched down behind her and untied her hands, which she immediately drew together so that she could rub her chafed wrists. He did not at once rise, but remained where he was, so close she could feel his breath stirring her hair. The tension between them was thick and unpleasant. "You are unharmed?" she asked, her voice subdued. "I am unharmed and you must leave." His voice was uncompromising. "I will give you an escort to be sure you reach the city safely." She swiveled to look at him. "On the contrary I will not leave, nor will I require an escort to find my way back. I came here to talk to you, Haldir." He stared incredulously. "You will do as you are told! We will speak next week when I return to the city." She reached out and caught hold of his hand, clasping it between both of hers. He looked stern and powerful, and it was all she could do not to be cowed. But this was Haldir, her lover, and she would not allow him to intimidate her. She brought his hand to her heart, holding it there so he could feel its beat. "You will listen to me, Haldir," she insisted. "Stop being so obstinate." His eyes narrowed, but she noticed they flickered downward for a moment. "You forget yourself, elleth. You have no place here. You are not a warden—" She flinched. "I never claimed to be!" "You put yourself in danger. You came here recklessly and without thought—" "I gave it plenty of thought!" she flashed, growing angry again. "I ran all night to be with you!" "Why?" he demanded. He withdrew his hand from her grasp and rose to his full height, glaring haughtily down at her. "For months we have barely spoken. That was what you wanted, Altariel. What has changed?" " I have changed!" She leaped to her feet, facing him squarely. "In all these months, I have done nothing but think of you! And I was not in danger," she added, addressing that portion of his reprimands. "I had my knives, and you were right here to—" "I was here by happenstance!" The slight flare of his nostrils betrayed how angry he still was. "Had I not been here, had I not seen you coming and rushed to protect you, you could have been killed! A knife buried in an enemy's chest is a knife no longer in your hand, you little fool. There were many Orcs, not one or two!" Haldir paused, his breath hissing, then added in a hard-edged voice, "Orcs may be stupid, but their weapons kill as easily as ours. I could have lost you." "You feared for me," she whispered, as understanding dawned. "Is that why you were so angry?" He looked at her, his expression peculiar. "I said I could not risk your safety. Is that not plain enough? Do we not have feelings for each other? Are our fëar not intertwined even as we speak?" He spoke with vehemence rather than anger, for the first time revealing his hidden emotions. Shamed, she bit her lip and looked down, her vision blurred with sudden tears. "I . . . I am sorry. I see now that I was selfish. I did not think—" A head popped through the hole in the flet. "Excuse me," said Rúmil, his blue eyes guileless. "May I make a suggestion?" They both spun around to stare at him. "What?" Haldir snapped. Rúmil smiled ingenuously. "Good morning, my lady, you are looking well. I was going to suggest that perhaps Haldir might like to escort you back to Caras Galadhon himself. That way the two of you could have a bit more privacy to discuss whatever matters you wish to discuss." He gave a small cough. "Voices carry, you know. It is only I, but others may come along soon." Altariel blushed scarlet, realizing how loudly they had been speaking. "Thank you, Rúmil," Haldir said sardonically. "You are in charge until my return." Altariel's heartbeat quickened as the meaning of Haldir's words sank in. She forced a polite smile that faded as soon as Haldir's brother left. "You will go with me?" she asked hopefully. "If your wishes concerning me have altered, then we have things to discuss. I do not wish to wait." His gaze was steady, holding hers without effort. "What about your duty here?" She did not want to ask that question, but she felt she owed him her acknowledgement of his responsibilities. "And what is that horrible stench?" "Burning Orcs." Haldir wore a look of distaste. "Aye, I can leave. These attacks come rarely, but if there is another, my wardens are ready. They are well-trained and they obey orders." He put a slight emphasis on the word 'they'. This pointed reference to her defiance made her look away from him, unsure how to respond. She felt the touch of his hand on her arm. "Come," he said gruffly. "I will gather a few things for the journey, and we will be on our way." xxx tbc