someone running that doesn't run all these bloody stupid commercials all the time, and does stuff for me." Berter said, continuing the theme from before. "Like what? Buy you beer?" The barkeep answered with a leer. "That's a bloody good place to start!" Pippin looked around, and jumped up onto the bar. "Eh, mate, get off!" The barkeep tried to whack him with his towel, which Pippin neatly dodged. "I'll tell you all what! I will buy everyone a round of drinks and keep you supplied for the rest of the night—provided you vote for me tomorrow at the elections!" A cheer went up, as the barkeep scrambled to fill tankards. "And I'll buy a drink on Election Day to anyone who writes in my name on the ballot!" Pippin dropped a pouch of gold coins on the bar, which were quickly snatched by the barkeep and thrust into his pocket. "You have to do two more things, mate." One of the patrons shouted. "And what's that?" Pippin replied, after taking a swig of his beer and belching loudly. "Promise no more commercials for bloody one!" Yelled back another guy. "And arrest Sauron and Aragorn for being such twits!" The first patron replied. Another cheer went up, and the men clanked their tankards in salute. The patrons were well supplied with drinks that night, and enjoyed the show of Pippin and Merry dancing on a table until they fell off. The word spread quickly beyond the pub, thanks in part to twitter feeds and texts from person to person, as well as a viral you-tube video that one of the patrons posted online from a cell phone video. Soon men as far away as Rohan and Dol Amroth heard of the promise for beer and an end to ridiculous negative ads. Election Day. Central polling counting station in Rohan. The election commissioner was in his office after a long day of polls, pouring over reports on voter turnout in the Reunited Kingdom and Mordor. His door burst open and his assistant ran in, waiving a piece of paper in his hand like a banner. "We have the final results, sir!" The man nearly burst a blood vessel in his excitement. "Well, let me see it!" The commissioner snatched the document away and looked at the final sums. "I don't believe it! How is this possible? Milford, get me the Gondorian Rangers—we must alert the winner immediately!" A pub in Laketown. All eyes were tuned on the TV. With the election now over, finally, the advertisements would end. "This is Hama, reporting live from the Office of the Election Commission here in Rohan. The final results are in, and the winner of the election for leader of the world is… write in candidate, Pippin Took of the Shire!" The patrons cheered, and patted each other on the back. "Right, that is free drinks for all us tonight, mates!" Berter proclaimed loudly. The barkeep smiled widely. At this rate, he could afford to retire next month. CREEP Headquarters : "WHAT?!" In his haste jumping out of his chair, Aragon single-handedly managed to knock over no less than three "epitome of grace" elves. "I knew I should have paid more attention to cleaning up the Shire after the war…" Aragorn yelled as he punched a hole in the wall. Barad Dur : "AAHHHHH!" Bursts of flame shot up around the board table, and the ad execs were heard screaming as far away as the Black Gate. In both CREEP Headquarters and Barad Dur simultaneously : The doors burst open, and teams of Gondorian Rangers quickly swooped in. Cuffs were slapped on Aragorn, and Sauron's digital "eye" projector was turned off when a Ranger removed the flash drive from the projector screen. The Rangers left as silently as they came. Witnesses stared in abject astonishment, and no small amount of relief. A pub in Laketown : The patrons saluted, holding up their drinks at the TV as Pippin's image approached the podium at the Election pressroom. He couldn't see over it, so he ordered one of the security guards get down on all fours, and Pippin stood on his back. He gave a wide smile to the camera. "Ladies and Gentlemen of Middle Earth. Thank you for electing me to be your new Ruler. Rest assured, the promises of free drinks will be held up. The new motto of my Administration is going to be "the Shire Mafia has your back and your beer!" I have ordered the arrests of both Aragon and Sauron. They are even as we speak, rotting away in a dark, dank dungeon at an undisclosed location. They will never again bother you with their inane and negative election campaigns." This final part was met with loud and raucous cheers both at the press conference and the pub. Pippin waited for the noise to die down before continuing. "My first act of office will be to legalize pipe weed in all of Middle Earth…." A dark, dank, dungeon at an undisclosed location : Aragorn rolled his eyes and head up, while pulling at the chains on his arms with a sigh. A small projector played Sauron's eye, behind holographic cell bars. Sauron growled. "You realize this is all your damn fault." Aragon stated in a flat voice. "Oh shut up, Scruffy! Next time, just recant while you're ahead!" "Oy! Quiet in there or I'll bring in the water boarding equipment!" Merry yelled from outside the cell. "Evil bastard." Aragon muttered. "Jack ass." Sauron hissed. "Right! I'll show you lot the meaning of torture!" And there was only screaming from then on… Author's Note: And that is the trouble with negative ads. That and karma is a bitch. A simple story for the election season, with a moral. I make no apologies for my deranged mind. Obviously, this is not meant to be cannon so reviews commenting on how it doesn't make sense or follow the timeline will be laughed at.