has yet to show his real potential. His opportunity will come soon enough." Legolas breathed in from that long explanation he gave. He was observing his mother while doing so; she was listening curiously sometimes tilting her head as if contemplating the information that he stated. He was nervous of course. Legolas never talked to his mother like this as he had unconsciously slipped into his 'diplomatic' phase early on. One of his main weaknesses: stopping himself from going too far. He wondered what his mother thought of that, if she thought the same as well. After what seemed like forever, the Queen spoke. "Well," she began. "For a while I thought you were in a major meeting relaying a report to your father." Legolas hung his head down; even she knew that it was hard for him to stop himself whenever he gets excited or too eager. He predicted that initial reaction from his mother, but she continued to speak, breaking his line of thoughts. "Yet I cannot help but be confused when it seems that he is talking in front of me," she stated casually. That statement was unexpected. He was quite surprised when he heard that, he reminded his mother of his father ? His line of thought was once again disrupted by his mother. Luineth sighed, "Legolas, you remind me so much of your father that sometimes, it scares me. You two are alike in more ways than you might think. Though most who come across you might say that you take after me in physical aspects, most of your personality, traits, even mannerisms, are all your father's, he is just too proud to show it. Enough talking about your similarities with your father, I am assuming that you would want to know what I thought about all of which you said." "Ah, well, yes. I would really like to know how you truthfully feel about that. I would not mind if you take it negatively," he nervously replied. His mother waved away his concern, "Come now, Legolas. I would not think negatively about that. I actually think that is an unbiased observation that could have been from a neutral outsider's perspective, but no, that was from one of the participants himself. I am impressed Legolas. I have also agreed on some of what you said. Not only have you included the factors of causing the rift between you and your brothers, you have also explained how each and every one of you reacted and equally contributed to it." She sighed, "My little Greanleaf is growing older and wiser. How I wish you were still the elfling that asked about every little detail. Now, you are figuring out the answer yourself." The Queen looked wistfully at the box that stored Legolas' childhood toys; reminiscing about the times centuries ago. Her eyes softened when she looked back at Legolas. It looks as if she had one more question to ask him. "Legolas," she inquired, "What is your final conclusion to your issue?" Legolas did not expect that question. He had never really given much thought to the 'final and absolute' answer. He thought carefully and spoke slowly, unsure of his words. "I think that the true cause between the distancing of me and my brothers was our individuality and diversity. The traits otherwise would make us a very balanced and equal group of persons are driving us apart. We are too different; we have little things to relate with each other. In short, our talents are the root cause of all of this." "Very good, ion-nin ," Luineth acknowledged. "You know, I cannot help but remember the bond between you and your brothers in the time before your talents settled in. I know that each of you love each other deeply. Your characters, traits, and talents are just not exactly compatible with one another. None of you could help it, this is who you are. I knew from the very start that the three of you would diverge in your own individual paths. You only need to remember, remember the times you spent with your brothers when you were the best of friends." "How right you are, nana, " Legolas agreed. "I could not have said it any better." A/N: And cut! Thank you for reading this. Just a note for those that haven't read "Advice" yet: this fic is almost twice as long as "Advice". You might be surprised by how short it is compared to this. Please leave a review/comment. Even flames are acceptable as long as you tell my why this sucks. :P Anyway, constructive critiques are welcome! This fic isn't my best work, so leave a review if you think this seems a little bit rushed or inconsistent or doesn't make any sense. I would be more than happy to revise this. Translations: Adar/Ada - Father/Dad Naneth/Nana - Mother/Mom Muindo r - Brother Ion-nin - My son Added clarifications: ~This fic came drew its inspiration from a suggestion from a reviewer, so if you would like to see more of these characters in some other type of story, feel free to suggest. (Shoutout to paperfirefly for your ideas!) ~There are a lot of time skips in this fic so some readers might be confused. I'll relay it in a condensed version here along with their approximate ages Beginning of story: Celethuil (400), Legolas (300), and Berensul (100) are playing in the Elvenking's palace Next Time skip: Celethuil (450), Legolas (350), and Berensul (150) play a prank and earn a life lesson from their father. 50 years later: Celethuil starts his formal training. 100 years later: Legolas starts his formal training. 200 years later: Berensul starts his formal training. 40 years later: Legolas (740) starts noticing that the brothers are drifting apart but doesn't think much of it. End of story: Legolas (800) gets really worries about the distancing between brothers and starts to act upon it. ~Long A/N is long. Sorry for that.