before his eyes and he decided against it. That abomination deserves every minute of the pain it's getting, for attacking a defenseless elleth and her child, as well as ridding a young elfling from his mother. Pushing through bodies, he searched for any signs of an elf. He was about to give up when, his sharp eyes spotted a handful of pail-blonde hair from beneath one of the wargs, that accompanied the vile creatures. After that it was just a matter of time before he had the poor elleth in his arms. She was beautiful even with her face and warrior-dress covered in thick red-black blood. A large stab wound decorating her thin torso as well as numerous scratches ripping apart the delicate, pail skin. Taseko supported her head on his right arm as she struggled to breathe. "W-Where…is…my son?" Despite his heightened senses, the green eyed shinobi could barely hear the softly spoken words. "He's safe now, my lady." He spoke gently, stroking the elleth's pail blond hair to keep her awake. "He's okay. Nothing happened to him. He's safe." "S-Safe." She whispered. "L-Legolas…s-safe. G-Good." She opened her eyes and glassy, gentle amber eyes looked into his own grass-green ones. "P-Promise me you'll…keep him safe. D-Don't let him be…alone. N-Never let him be…consumed by…grief and guilt. Tis was not…his fault." "I won't, I promise." Taseko vowed, squeezing the elleth's hand firmly. The female elf smiled gently, her eyes fluttering. "T-Tell my king…t-that I love…him." And with that the elleth passed away in Taseko's arms. The ninja lowered his head and prayed over the soul of this unfortunate mother, who will never watch her child grow up before picking up the body and digging a hole under the largest tree around and burying the lady. Once that was over he pulled out a scroll and a piece of coal, and began scribing something on said paper. After a minute, he finished writing and stuck his masterpiece on the tree trunk with one of his shuriken stars, in hopes that somebody will find that note and notify the elleth's family and friends. With one last silent good-bye to the fallen warrior, Taseko turned on his heels and sprinted to where he left a boy and two horses. #End of Flashback: "Well?" The impatient voice of Keshin-sensei pulled the green eyes shinobi out of his thoughts. He blinked before focusing on his former mentor's icy-blue eyes. "I made a promise, Keshin-san." He answered seriously, placing a hand over the blonde elflings head. "And I intend on keeping it." "No matter what I say?" "No matter what you say." The leader sighted and rubber his hurting temples. There has not been a child in the temple for years now. He didn't know if he and his fellow shinobi can handle one anymore. He looked at the small child hugging Taseko's pant leg and looking up at him with curiosity. His senses told him the child has a surprising amount of chakra (a spiritual energy that was dying out in Middle Earth) in his system. More than enough to become one of them. A ninja. If the boy really was meant to be a shinobi, then his natural skills as an elf would make him a valuable ally to whatever side he chooses to take. A grand opportunity like this should not be tossed aside, but it was the younglings own choice whenever he wants to end this chapter of his life and start a new one or return to Mirkwood and his kin. Sighting again he raise his eyes to meet that of his former student. "Very well, Taseko-san." He said. "The boy might stay…if he wants to." The green eyed ninja nodded and kneeled before the boy. "Listen to me, Little One." Taseko started and the elfling looked up at him. "I can take you back to the land of elves, where you will be raised among other…special elflings." The boy looked down, already not liking that option very much. He didn't want to be with 'other special elflings', he wanted to be with his Ada. Unfortunately, his Adar was always too busy to be with him. "Or…you can have a new family, here with me." The boy's eyes sparkled at that. A small smile spread across the small face before fading. "Would Nana want me to stay with you?" The boy asked, shyly looking up at the taller man. Taseko smiled brightly. "Yes. Your Nana would want you to be happy, Legolas." The boy nodded, not realizing that this was the first time the man has spoken to him, using his real name. "I will stay here." The child decided, his baby-blue eyes glassy from all the tears they shed. "Very well then." Keshin stood up from his desk and walked up to the man and elfling. Once he was in front of the child he softened his gaze. "Kneel before me, Legolas of Mirkwood." He spoke, his voice gentle let commanding. The five-year-old looked up at Taseko, not sure if he was supposed to do what the larger man said. The green eyed ninja's only response was a gentle push on the child's back. A minute later, little Legolas was kneeling before Keshin, his head bowed respectfully just like his mentors taught him back at home, whenever he was supposed to meet his Ada in the crown room. The leader of the Shinobi Clan kneeled before the elfling and pulled his mask down, reveling his gently smiling face to the scared child, before placing both his hands on the blond head. "Legolas of Mirkwood. Since you've accepted joining our league, I shall now give you a new name. It will be a symbol of the beginning of your training as a ninja and shinobi, as well as a 'farewell' to the old life you left behind." He then lifted his hands of the young head and stood up. "Good bye, Legolas of Mirkwood. Rise Raion, the Black Lion of Arda."