as she leapt from tree to tree until eventually she reached the ground. She took a moment to see from which direction he approached, and then took off in the opposite direction. xxx He knew he was gaining on her. He had increased his speed, sensing that she was trying to draw away from him. So she thought she could escape him, did she? He almost snorted, but instead he pushed himself to move even faster, his hair flying out behind him in the breeze. He was used to running; he knew he had to be far more fit than she was, and without a doubt he was also more fleet of foot. He could continue like this for hours, but could she? He doubted it, and was slightly surprised he had not overtaken her already. Apparently she had some stamina. Good, she would need it. However, by the time he reached her, she would be exhausted and unable to resist him. She would beg him to take her, he thought exultantly. She would yield without a fight, and allow him whatever liberties he chose. And he would take plenty of them. His need had never been so intense as it was at this moment, as this elleth would soon discover to her very great pleasure. He halted suddenly, realizing that her trail turned upward into the boughs of the trees. He reached out and touched the bark of a great mallorn, the one he somehow knew she had recently scaled. A wave of her essence slammed into him, granting him his first real taste of her feminine arousal. It consumed him for a moment, inciting his desire to conquer and to claim. He shuddered, aware that her hand had touched the bark in this exact place only a short while before. His fingers curled into a fist, as if to lock some part of her into his hand while he debated whether to follow her path upward or to continue at ground level. He used their invisible link to help him decide, taking this unfair advantage with no hesitation whatsoever, and immediately knew that she was no longer in the trees. To climb would waste time, time that could be far better spent in mating. He smiled and continued on. xxx Altariel paused again, aware that she did not have much more time to choose the place. She sensed no others around; instinctively she'd been careful in that respect even while fleeing, but he was close on her heels and would corner her soon. After that . . . Her heart beat so hard that it felt like it would burst from her chest. Her blind terror was fading into something else, something mesmerizing and defiant. Her body still shook, but less from panic than from renewed anticipation. Instead of fear, she now welcomed what was soon to occur. She looked forward to fighting him, to feeling his strength and power and maleness. Most of all, she looked forward to feeling him buried inside her, his skin pressed to hers, his mouth doing Valar knew what while she writhed beneath his ardent caresses. To add to this, her curiosity had returned, reminding her that she still did not even know who he was, although she had her suspicions. His essence seemed familiar to her, and she could almost guess . . . or perhaps she only hoped. She kept moving, searching for a place that suited her, a place she could defend. The sloping ground held numerous dips and hollows, but she wanted a place with a flat grassy area, without brambles or thorns. As the female, she knew that it was her responsibility to choose the place, for once he was upon her, there would be little or no delay. She had no doubt at all that his appetite for her was rapacious; she could feel his hunger for her all too easily. It would be all she could do to delay him at all. Within moments she found it, a pleasant glade that would serve at the top of a rise. She reached beneath her skirt and drew out the knife strapped to her thigh, leaving the other, more accessible knives at the ready. She held the blade deftly, recalling the many lessons she'd had on self-protection. She had done well and learned much, perhaps even with this moment in mind. No matter what he thought, he would find her no easy mark. Closing her eyes, she tuned into him, knowing he would appear soon, and in a fit of defiance, she sent him a sharp tug, as though goading him for his failure to find her any sooner. His answer was arrogant, sending sizzling tremors of desire throughout her body. He was fast approaching, she knew. A part of her still wanted to flee, but she resisted, ready to stand her ground. He was almost here. She could not hear him, but she could sense him. He was coming, aye. But he would not take her easily. She was ready. xxx Haldir knew the moment she had stopped fleeing from him. Pleased, he slowed his pace, knowing that he would come upon her in an instant. He did not care what location she had chosen; he only wanted to conquer her, to triumph, to take her over and over and over until they were both sated and exhausted, and then he would take her again. He halted, knowing he had only to take a few more steps and she would be there, waiting for him, wanting him as much as he wanted her. Would she fight him? He didn't think so, but if she did, he would enjoy it immensely. His urge was to join his body with hers in complete dominance of male over female, and yet at the same time he wanted her to be his equal in courage and boldness. And who was this elleth? In a moment he would find out. xxx