she asked. "I have some sleeping powder. All you need to do is put it into his wine. After that, he will be no problem. You must do this tomorrow night. Lana will be away visiting a friend." Both elves nodded, and Elanor smiled. "It is agreed then. Tomorrow night I will wait here until I hear your signal that it is done." She turned and walked on down the hill, taking another path that would lead her closer to her home. x Minden watched her leave, then shook his head. "And I thought we knew her well." Telrion sat on a bench, his elbows on his knees. "Do you think she realizes what she's getting herself into? Haldir of Lórien! She plays with fire." Minden sat down as well. "And all because of some imagined slight against Lana. Nobody but Ellie would believe that. Despite Lana's beauty, I doubt Haldir has given her a moment's glance. He is too good a judge of character to be fooled by that she-elf's ploys. Ellie is so intelligent about other things, yet so blind about her sister." "Aye, and Lana has made sure to steal every suitor Ellie might have had, and I doubt Ellie even realizes it." Telrion rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "Would it not be amusing if this time Ellie was the one to catch the prize? Do you think Haldir would be interested in our little Ellie?" Minden gazed at a nearby rosebush, his eyes narrowing in thought. "Tying him to a bed is not likely to engage his interest. Or perhaps it will. Ha! Now that I think upon it, I did see him smile at her the last time he was here. I was there in the courtyard when he saw her. She ran away, but it didn't seem to deter him. He stared after her with quite open interest, I noticed." "So there is some attraction there. Or was." Minden sat up straighter, his eyes gleaming with laughter. "By the light, Telrion, of course!" "Of course what? I cannot read your mind, Cousin. What is your thought?" "We need help." Minden grinned. "You can say that again. The March Warden is a large and sturdy elf, and Elanor's house lies on the far side of the city. How in Mordor are we going to get him there with no one seeing?" "Perhaps we will not have to if we can get him as far as ours." "Well, I don't want him tied to my bed! By Morgoth's balls, I would not want to be within a league of him when he wakes up." Minden punched his cousin on the arm. "Be silent and listen. Who in all of Arda would be more willing to play a joke on the March Warden but his own two brothers? You've heard Elladan and Elrohir speak of their sense of mischief. If anyone can help, it is Rúmil and Orophin. And they are here, I saw them earlier!" Telrion slapped a hand on his thigh. "You are right! We will talk to them tomorrow. But if they don't agree, we will have to go to Elanor and tell her it is not possible." x The following afternoon . Rúmil stared at the two Rivendell elves, his expression carefully controlled. "Do you realize what you ask?" Minden smiled. "Your brother has a sense of humor, does he not?" Orophin snorted. "Humor? Haldir? Aye, he has a sense of humor, but you would be far happier if you did not experience it. This elven maiden may not like the consequences. You say he smiled at her, which I admit bodes well, but even so, this is a dangerous move on her part. There are far safer ways for her to gain his attentions." Rúmil leaned forward. "She wishes him brought to her room and tied to her bed? No more than that? By the Valar, I will not put him in harm's way." Telrion shook his head. "Elanor has not a cruel bone in her body. He will be in no physical danger. Besides, if you agree to help, we may just give him an advantage that Ellie will not know about." Rúmil smiled and narrowed his eyes. "So what is your plan? Give us details and we will decide whether we will help." Minden and Telrion looked at each other. Telling these two guardians of Lothlórien their plan was a risk, but it really was a jolly good plan! It might be good for both Haldir and Ellie, if things went well. Minden grinned and proceeded to explain. It took only a few moments to give the two Lórien brothers the details. Telrion frowned suddenly. "You expressed concern about him, but what of her? Haldir will not harm our little Ellie?" Rúmil and Orophin both laughed. "Nay," Rúmil said, "Haldir might take advantage and perhaps steal a kiss, but no physical harm will come to her." The Lórien brothers looked at each other, seeming to consult silently. Then Orophin said, "We agree to help. Meet us at Haldir's room tonight at sunset. He has been in a black temper all day, though I know not why. But I do know he will be in no mood to go out, so bring lots of wine. The bloody elf can drink like a dwarf. It will take some time to get him to relax. Only then will you be able to drug his wine. But we can help you to distract him." The elves shook hands, and the Rivendell elves left. Rúmil turned to Orophin. "Why does he always get the best adventures? How I would like some beautiful female to want to tie me to her bed!" Orophin grinned. "Aye, and perhaps we can make it even more interesting for her." He laughed aloud, and leaned closer to Rúmil, detailing his idea. The grin that crossed his brother's face remained for the rest of the afternoon. To be continued . . .