much longer. Brody and Travis head toward the box.Brody opens it. He can't believe what he's seeing. The ring that earlier in the day was dirty and tarnished now was a bright golden color like the old man had described in his story. Suddenly the ring began to spin. Spin so fast that it looked like a solid object. . It was then that Brody and Travis knew. They knew the old man was telling the truth. He hadn't made up the story. It was real it was all real. They believed, at that moment they believed everything the old man had said. Suddenly out of nowhere Brody instinctively reached out extended his finger. And with amazing timing stopped the ring. The noise finally stopped and the room fell silent once again. Brody put the ring on. The room somehow felt different they both looked around the room to see what had changed. They couldn't put their finger onit, but something was definitely different. Quiet. The quiet was deafening. All those familiar sounds of their house were gone. They could no longer hear their parents' radio, the fridge running or any thing else familiar. B- Why aren't mom and dad in here yet? They must have heard that noise. T- I don't know. Let's go see if they're okay. The boys made there way out of their room and down the hall to their parents room. They were lying on the bed fast asleep as if nothing was wrong. But there was something wrong. Something was terribly wrong. They could feel it in their bones and the thought made them shiver. They tried to wake their parents but they couldn't. T- Are they okay brody? why won't they wake up? B- I think they're okay. I don't know exactly what's going on, but I think I know someone who can fill us in. T- let's go find out from Mr,O. just what is going on here. They start to leave but then Travis remembers the watch and he runs back to get it. Now armed with the ring and the watch the three of them set out towards Ortens farm. When they get out side it two feels different and unfamiliar. When they look around it looks exactly the same as it always has, but something is wrong with it. Quiet. It's quiet outside to. Absolutely no noise. The only thing they can here are there heartbeats. T- I'm scared Brody B- don't be afraid. Lets just get there as fast as we can With that the boys and Syd took off running towards the farm. Un like the excitement they had felt earlier when they were coming home on this road, it now filled them with fear and a sense of doom. They kept going. When they finally reached the farm they thought their lungs were going to burst. T- Brody wait up a minute I've got to catch my breath B-Okay, I could use a break myself They bent over hands on their knees taking deep breaths of the cool night air. Their breathing quickly returned to normal. They moved forward. They approached the house. There was a single light on in the big old house. The three of them ran up the front steps. Brody knocked on the door. No reply They knocked again. Silence. B- should we go in? T- I don't think we have a choice Brody reached down and turned the knob and pushed the door. The door creaked open. They all went in. They called out. No answer. They searched the house but no one was there. T- Where is he? Where is he Brody he said he would be here to help us. B- I don't know. I don't know anything any more. They left the house. Standing on the porch they wondered what they should do next. Syd suddenly took off running. They called after him, but they couldn't get him to come back. They followed not knowing what else to do. Syd led them into the field and to the place where they had first found the ring. They neared the little fenced in area and they were scared. They just wanted to return to the safety of their room, they didn't want to go any farther. Just as they were losing there nerve syd came over and nuzzled at them. They both put their hands on him and some how this gave them a sense of strength and courage to move into the cemetery. As Brody took his first step into the cemetery, He felt the ring in his pocket move. He jumped surprised by this. B- Travis the ring just moved in my pocket T- take it out Brody slowly reached into his pocket and pulled out the ring. It was glowing like it had in their room. Glowing so brightly it was almost blinding. Brodys hand was shaking, Travis reached out to steady it and at that moment they were both touching the ring. A strange tingling sensation was creeping up their arms. And seem to take over there whole bodies. Suddenly the earth began to shake and before them out of the damp cold earth rose a big black door. They stood there in shock. Travis let go of the ring and Brody slipped it on his finger. The door swung open. It was then that Brody realized that all of this wasn't an accident. That he hadn't found the ring. In fact the ring had found him. They approached the door. It was pitch black with a long set of narrow stairs, leading down into the darkness. Syd barked and looked at the boys than headed down the stairs. They called after him, but he was gone into the darkness. The pocket watch chimes. Travis takes it out of his pocket and checks the time- ten fifteen. They took a deep breath and moved forward through the door in to the darkness. TO BE CONTINUED...