entrancing him as he stared into the silver sparkling. How often had he stood here in the middle of the night since their arrival? How often had he searched for peace of mind in the falling waters of the Bruinen without finding it? And would there ever come a time when the river's voice would drown out those of the dying people of the village of Isèndras, who had sacrificed themselves for him? Soundlessly sighing to himself, Éomer stared into the flood, suddenly feeling an unexplainable pull toward it. Down there, all worries would end. All nightmares would cease in the river's cool embrace... "You should speak with her," a grave voice suddenly woke him from his reverie, and as he turned around with the speed of a man caught at a forbidden act and with a guilty conscience for his bleak thoughts, Éomer found himself looking into the ageless eyes of his mighty host. Heat crept into his face at the elf's scrutiny, and Éomer wondered how much Elrond could read in his expression. "My Lord?" There was an incredible depth to the grey eyes regarding him. He felt naked under their stare. What could he possibly hide from the ancient being? For his friend Aragorn, dealings with the elves were normal, nothing out of the ordinary, but although he had fought at their side in the great battle, Éomer still felt awkward around them. Like a child in the presence of esteemed warriors with endless experience. "You know of whom I speak." Elrond said quietly. "You shut her out, and it is helping neither you nor her. She is desperate to help you, but you won' let her in. Yet even the mighty King of Rohan might have to resort to means he would not have taken into consideration before to cure himself of the damage done. I can only help you to a certain degree. I can do something about your wounded shoulder. Healing your wounded spirit is something only you and the people you care for can do. Secluding yourself from them won't do any good." No, there was no point in hiding. Guiltily averting his eyes to gaze once more at the water, Éomer bit his lip. "I do not want to burden Lothíriel with these things. She knows what happened, but what good would it do if I told her about the faces of the dying people and their agonised screams? Having her share my nightmares would not be the source of comfort I seek." Not taking offence at his evasive stance, Elrond stepped up the young king to likewise look into the nightly valley. "Yet these are the very things which torment you, Lord Éomer. By holding them inside, they will never cease to haunt your thoughts. Set them free, and they will gradually vanish. They will wander away like horses let out of a corral." Despite the bleakness of his thoughts, Éomer found himself smiling at the Elf Lord's imagery. He turned his head. "I appreciate your effort of choosing images a Rohirrim such as myself can understand, Lord Elrond, and yet I must admit that I am sceptical. These horses, to use the image you've created, like to stay where they're being fed. Why should they leave?" Elrond did not return the faint smile. "Then you'll have to stop feeding them," he replied cryptically. "Or, better yet, you need to put them to work. Make them work hard, so that they want leave on their own accord." Éomer furrowed his brow. "I am not sure I understand." "These memories which are haunting you, they thrive because of your denial. In the daytime, you lock them away and pretend they don't exist, but each night, they escape your control, and the result is that you are out here with thoughts running through your head of drowning yourself in the river." Éomer frowned. So Elrond knew everything. "And now you suggest that I tell Lothíriel of how I am responsible for the annihilation of almost an entire village and more than half an éored? I knew these men for most of my life, and they trusted me. They died freeing me from Wormtongue's clutches. They were murdered by hideous creatures in the most gruesome ways, and part of my éored was swept from a mountain into an abyss by an avalanche. The people of Isèndras... they lost everything in the riot! They did it to free me, and for that, those monsters burnt their village to the ground and killed everyone in their path, not caring whether it was man or woman!" Involuntarily, Éomer had raised his voice at the elven lord, and only now that he was running out of words did he notice. Embarrassed of his bad conduct, he cleared his throat. "I am sorry. I didn't mean to..." "See, you can talk about it," the Eldar said instead, oblivious to the sharp tone of his guest. "It is a beginning. Tell her . She wants to help you, and you need it. She believes that you don't trust her, and it is paining her. You'd have to be blind not to see it." "Did she talk to you about it? Did she complain to you?" The thought that Lothíriel might have confided in someone else about this business caused a brief flash of jealousy in him, even if Éomer knew that it had been he who had driven her to this desperate measure. And yet Elrond shook his head. "You know better than to ask me this. It would be a breach of trust Lothíriel would never commit… and yet her silence and posture gives her away regardless. Her sadness is like a beacon. Cure her of it, Éomer of Rohan, and cure yourself at the same time. This is the best advice I can give you." He fell silent. His intense gaze still on his opposite, he added: "Here is your chance, my king, for your wife is approaching."