look down over the city to the Pelennor beyond. "Usually I avoid court life at all costs" Lothiriel confessed. "I find being my father's daughter a trial at these times. It seems there are many who are far too keen for marriage to royalty." "I can say without any shred of doubt that I know precisely how you feel" Eomer told her, grinning. "I find all the bowing and being called 'my lord king' bad enough, but it seems that even a Barbarian King from the North has become an eligible match these days." "And so you have all the fortune-hunters and glory seekers at your door" Lothiriel realised. "You have my sympathy, my Lord." Eomer winced at the use of the title. "Can I ask you a favour, my Lady?" he asked, leaning against the rail and turning to face her. Lothiriel looked up into his dark eyes. "Of course" she said. "Can we dispense with titles, just between us? I know it is not done, in Gondor, but I'm starting to feel like I'm just a very tall stand for a crown, right now. I need some help to keep me sane." Lothiriel was kept from laughter by the pleading look in that intense gaze. "Of course, Eomer" she said, feeling pleasure at the way the lyrical Rohirric syllables tumbled across her tongue. "After all, we are to be kin when your sister marries my cousin." "Hush!" Eomer said, "I have not officially agreed to that yet. Aragorn will be upset if we spoil his upcoming celebrations mentioning another wedding." He grinned. "Besides, I may not agree to it. It will be difficult to manage without Eowyn in Edoras." "I think you must take care who you say that to" Lothiriel told him. "Or you will find yourself tripping over all the unmarried women of Gondor." Eomer grimaced. "I must count on you to help me escape their clutches. Perhaps you may join me for a visit tomorrow. I go to my sister, for she is not quite well enough yet to leave the healing houses. Your cousin will no doubt be there also." "I would like that" Lothiriel said, smiling warmly. "I have not seen Faramir for a long time. He was always kind to me when we were younger; it would be good to see him again." "Do not be surprised if he does not hear a word that you say" Eomer warned. "I fear he loses much of his good sense when my sister is near." Lothiriel laughed at the thought of her quiet, studious cousin staring vacantly at a blonde woman, ignoring all else around him. "I will take that chance" she said. "Any opportunity to get away from the fawning attentions of Gondor's courtiers will be most welcome." Eomer grinned. "If you ever need assistance, just look my way Lothiriel. I will be only too willing to step in. It's strange, but these young men of Gondor seem to go pale when I approach them." Taking in his tall, broad form, Lothiriel could understand why. "Lothiriel" The deep voice seemed to caress her name. Lothiriel suddenly struggled to meet his eyes. "Yes, Eomer?" "There you are, Thiri." The voice made Lothiriel blink. She turned to see the youngest of her brothers. "Yes, Amrothos?" Lothiriel asked, wondering at the disappointment she felt that her conversation with Eomer was to be at an end. "Father was asking after you. I walked past at the wrong time, so have been sent to deliver you to him." As he put his arm out for her, he continued. "It's really Legolas' fault. You're the only one he's danced with all night. Father's terrified that the elf has taken a fancy to you." "Don't be ridiculous, Rothos" Lothiriel said. Turning to Eomer, a pleading look in her eyes, she said: "perhaps my Lord Eomer may be trusted to deliver me safely to Ada. You may get back to your ale and your courtiers." Amrothos pretended to consider that for a moment. Finally he nodded. "Tell Ada I did my duty?" "Of course" Lothiriel promised. Amrothos sketched a bow to Eomer with a grin. "Failure to return my sister may be seen as an act of war, my Lord" he said. "Fear not, Amrothos. Your sister has become most revered by the Rohirrim, did you not know? I swear to protect her." Amrothos' quizzical gaze stared after them as Eomer deftly steered Lothiriel into the crowd. "Poor Rothos" Lothiriel mused. "You know he has no idea what you were talking about." Eomer shrugged. "I'm sure he will survive" he told her. "I will see you tomorrow? I will be at the healing houses by noon." "I will be there" Lothiriel promised, wondering at the heat that lightly tinged her cheeks as she spoke. They had arrived at her father's side and so she did not have the time to think it over before Eomer bent to kiss her fingers once more. "Until tomorrow" he whispered, his dark eyes flashing that same secret smile as he rose and nodded to her father, before being lost once more to the crowd. "Are you ready to leave, daughter?" Imrahil asked her, his brow furrowed as he studied her. "You are flushed, Lothiriel. Do you feel well?" Lothiriel smiled up at him. "I am a little tired, Ada" she said. "It has been a long day, so soon after arriving here from home." Knowing her father to be convinced of the frailty of women, she knew her excuse would be accepted without question. As she was expecting, Imrahil took her arm and made their excuses to be leaving. Before long, they were back in their Minas Tirith home. Lothiriel slipped away up to her bedchamber as soon as she could, glad that her father had not questioned her appearance on the arm of the King of Rohan. Resolutely pushing all thoughts of those haunting dark eyes out of her mind, Lothiriel was soon asleep.