giving Sam are gifts—you can call them get-well presents, if you like. They will be his to keep. I would strongly urge you to allow Sam to continue using them even after he's well enough to get back to work. He won't have to use the cane once his leg has finished mending, but if he should hurt it again in the future, it'll come in handy once more. As for the rest of his gifts, the work he does for me in the gardens doesn't take all day to complete, you know. As a rule, he's usually finished by mid-afternoon—sometimes, earlier. And it will give him something to do when his work is finished for the day—not that he doesn't already, I know," he added hastily. "I've seen his fine woodcarvings. But it'll give him something extra to do on his own time, and it gives him pleasure to read, Master Hamfast—I've seen it. I've seen the brightness in his eyes whenever he has a chance to read a book, to enter the magical world of literature. And to have the chance to learn Elvish has really broadened his mind. It's done him good, not harm." Hamfast raised his hands in surrender. "All right, Mr. Frodo, you've made your point. I'll let Sam keep the books and other stuff, and so long as he doesn't neglect his work, I'll let him use them." Frodo beamed. "Thank you, Gaffer! And I know that Sam will thank you, too." " I'm not sure it's doing him good," the Gaffer grumbled, as he followed Frodo back to Sam's bedroom. "But I suppose it ain't doing him no harm either, as you said." They stepped into the bedroom to find Sam bent over, translating a short poem; after Frodo and the Gaffer had left, Merry had laid the lap desk on the gardener's lap and had arranged the materials on its smooth, glossy surface. As Sam had been doing all that time, he would memorize a line while holding the poetry book open in his left hand, set the open book on the lap desk face-down, pick up the Elvish dictionary with his left hand and look up the Sindarin equivalent on the words in that line, set the dictionary down, use his left hand to dip the quill into the bottle of ink, and then write that line of poetry on the parchment in Sindarin. Sam was so engrossed in his work that he failed to hear his father and Frodo re-enter the bedroom. Shaking his head, the Gaffer leaned against the wall, folded his arms across his chest, and watched his son. Silently, Marigold and Daisy re-entered the bedroom, Marigold holding a tray of food. They paused to watch their brother; silently, Marigold laid the tray on the press's glossy surface. At last, with a sigh, after Sam had finished translating the poem's last line, he closed the poetry book, looked over the Elvish script's elaborate loops and dots covering the parchment, leaned back in his chair, and noticed that his father and Frodo had returned. With a shrug, he smiled sheepishly. Hamfast shook his head again as he approached Sam. "I see you've been busy, son," he said, laying his callused left hand on the back of the chair. With a nod, Sam picked up the poetry book, opened its soft red leather covers, and read the short poem aloud in Westron. Then he held up the sheet of parchment and read that same poem aloud again, in Sindarin. "It's even beautifuller in Elvish than in our language, Gaffer," he said with a broad smile, when he was finished. "Well, to me, it sounds like naught but twaddle." Hamfast grimaced. "However, Mr. Frodo made his point, so I won't forbid you, Sam. When the doctor gives you leave to come home, I'll let you keep the books and other stuff he's giving you." Sam's face shone. "Thank you, Gaffer!" "I expect you to do your work, though, Sam. That comes first." The Gaffer held up his index finger for emphasis. "You're not to neglect it for reading or writing." Sam nodded his acquiescence. "Yes, Gaffer." Marigold smiled broadly as she glanced toward the tray on the press. "Lunch is ready, everyone! When we've all eaten, read us another poem, Sam! But in our tongue, please." Daisy nodded agreement. Merry and Pippin exchanged a grin with Frodo. "All right, everyone." Smiling, Frodo rose to his feet, picked up the lap desk and, circling the bed, laid it on the table with a soft clink. As he returned, he looked from Sam to Marigold, and then gave a fleeting look at the tray of food on the press. "Well, I see that Marigold wants to feed Sam, so the rest of us will go to the dining room for our lunch." He turned to Marigold. "Don't forget to eat after Sam has finished his lunch. I'll keep your food out for you." Marigold nodded. "Pippin and I still have to take our saddlebags to our bedrooms," Merry said. "We haven't unpacked yet." "You can do that when lunch is over," Frodo said, picking up the glasses from the small table next to Sam. "And then, I'll go with you when you get your ponies stabled." "Yes, they'll need grooming after that long ride," Merry said. While the others followed Frodo out the round bedroom door, Marigold brought the tray to Sam and laid it on his lap. After he had inserted the corner of the napkin into his collar, Sam began to tuck into his food. Maybe I'll get through this day, after all, he thought, as he ate, and it'll be easier when I can go outside once more. Surely, tomorrow! At least, Master Merry and Master Pippin'll be here, keeping me company. THE END *Those three lines of poetry that Sam read to his audience can be found in Chapter 19: "Of Beren and Luthien," in The Silmarillion . 10