by chance, they do see evidence of your claim, they may not believe what their eyes tell them if it goes against the conclusions they had previously assumed. Such is the way of men in these days…" "Are you sure you wish to reveal thisto him?" Mithrandir asked, taking his pipe from his mouth. He watched his companion with his unnervingly keen eyes. A thousand unspoken words seemed to pass between them in an instant. Mithrandir relit his pipe. "It is your choice, of course." "I doubt he will reveal our secrets. With any luck, he won't know they are secrets," he said, "He did not recognize your name, I take it?" "He did not." Mithrandir's eyes sparkled. "Not even after he had rendered it into Westron." What? Was the Rich Hermit named for some renowned hero? He hadn't a clue. The hooded man lifted a slender hand up to his hood. For a moment, Paladin thought he saw something of shimmer on one of his fingers, but...he wasn't sure. Taking off his hood, the hooded man revealed a head of wavy, golden hair, and an impossibly fair face with high cheek bones and lineless, grey eyes. However, unlike Mithrandir, the hooded man had cut his hair in a modern style. It barely touched the bottom of his neck, whereas the old man's hair fell down his back like a bushel of grey wheat. "Oh…you're…ummm…" Paladin's voice squeaked like a little girl's. So very mature Paladin! "Pretty…ummm…that isn't the right word…" Paladin cleared his throat. "I mean, lord-like. I guess they wouldn't want to talk to a lord. They're farmers. Shepherds. They'd think you're a stupid lordling attempting to get to "know" the people by going among them in disguise. Let me tell you, that hardly ever works, you know, no offense." The Hooded Man rolled his eyes, pushing a strain of golden hair behind…a leaf-shaped ear. Paladin gasped. Dear gods… "Is…is that real?" As Paladin spoke, he leaned forward and reached out to touch the Hooded Man's ear. The golden haired man glared at Paladin's hand. It fell limply to his side. "Sorry..." Mithrandir snorted. More smoke filled the room. The Hooded Man covered his mouth with one slender hand, glaring at the pipe like it was some kind of malevolent beast that had risen from the Deep. "You're a…faery?" Paladin asked. "An elf," said elf pointedly corrected him, "Not a sprite, not a spirit, nor faded or gone. I cannot say what has become of my kind, they live no longer in Ithilien as far as I have seen. You may call me Legolas Greenleaf." "What kind of name—" "It is merely a translation," he said this as if that should explain it. This did not sate Paladin's curiosity or stop his mouth, however. "But, then…you're called 'Greenleaf Greenleaf', why would your mother let—" "You might want to hold your tongue, young hobbit," said Mithrandir, raising an eyebrow. "Or you, by some whim of fate, related to the Tooks?" Legolas asked. "No." Paladin tilted his head. "Why?" "He is calling you a 'fool of a Took'," came Mithrandir's reply, "an apt description at the moment, wouldn't you say?" "Like Gandalf called Peregrin?" That wasn't a picture Paladin liked. He'd much rather be a Gamgee, all things considered. They laughed. "Yes," Mithrandir responded once the laughter subsided, "now, Paladin, while we are fond of such memories, the hour glows late, why do you think I asked you to come?" "I guess it makes sense then…with…being…you know…why you need help talking to the…shepherds and hands and stuff…" Paladin frowned, "but why me? I know some of them, they might listen to my inquiries…" "That, Master Paladin," said Mithrandir, "is more than he has accomplished, though the most we would want is a sheep's corpse." "So, I am a burglar?" "Of a sort." "A dead sheep burglar." Gods. He sighed, and looked out the window. In the distance, he saw the ancient fortress of Minas Ithil. According to legend, it had been the nearest outpost to Mordor and after that, the Enemy's stronghold. Now, centuries later, it was the palace of the Lord of the Fountain. And, for a moment, Paladin thought he saw a strange green light in the highest chamber. An impossible green flame, he turned back to his companions, but they were speaking in low voices. Again, he peered over his shoulder, but the fortress had fallen dark. Just tired. Must have been seeing things. He yawned. "Is there any place to sleep?" "Are you not from here?" asked the elf. "Surely you would find your own bed more welcoming…" "The second door, take Legolas' mat, our elven friend does not need sleep like you or I," Mithrandir grinned at the elf, whom only responded with a half-hearted sigh, "remember, Paladin, tomorrow will be an early start for the both of you…" Paladin nodded, stood, and walked to the door, glancing back at the elf and the odd, old man for a moment. He knew he should know them from somewhere, but his mind was too tired, too muddled and slow to recall any history at the moment. He doubted it could be all that important. But, there was one thing he was sure of as he looked at the elf: he doesn't like me…and I can't blame him. Paladin closed the door behind him. He flopped down upon the fluffy bed unceremonially, and stared at the ceiling. What was he doing here with these strange people? He threw the covers over his head. Why did you come? For a few gold pieces? You're an idiot, Paladin! He rolled over onto his side. Don't you have work tomorrow? Paladin sighed, closing his eyes, but sleep did not yet come. Instead, he tossed and turned until the first grey light of early morn fell through his window, and a quiet, lonely voice sang a song of seagulls and the dawn. 000 Thanks for reading! Please review. Whimsy needs food.