silky under-tunic. With the remainder of drug-laden water, Aragorn washed away the blood and examined the wounds. Legolas had been truthful. The bite looked deep, though the area was too swollen to be certain. Still, no flesh had been torn away, and the claw wounds, though oozing, were fairly shallow. Free from the risk of infection, the injuries posed no serious threat to the elf. The ranger pondered whether or not to sacrifice Legolas's cloak for bandages. He decided it might be more useful as a blanket and spread it out to dry by the fire. Settling down beside his friend, Aragorn watched the shadows with heavy eyes. He rested a hand on the elf's shoulder and closed his eyes, just for a minute… OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Thranduil paused in the doorway of his private study, unexpectedly finding it occupied. "Your pardon, Daerada." His grandson grinned sheepishly, glancing up from a letter. "I seem to have run short of parchment and…" "You are welcome to the parchment, quill and desk, as you are full aware," Thranduil interjected, smiling affectionately. "It is just as well, as I have not yet received news of your journey to Dale." Belegorn groaned, eliciting a chuckle from his grandfather. "I will not have Legolas hearing of it first." Thranduil dropped his gaze to the parchment and tossed his grandson a knowing smile. "In return, you may help me sample the new wine." Belegorn grinned at this, earning another chuckle. "Now come, join me by…." Sudden, blinding pain slammed into Thranduil's skull, cutting short his words. His knees buckling, he dropped to the floor, clutching his head. "Daerada!" The pain gradually ebbed, leaving nausea in its place, and Thranduil moaned. Only vaguely aware that his grandson had reached his side, he started when Belegorn pulled him to his feet. A wave of dizziness forced him to lean heavily on the young elf, as they slowly made their way to one of the soft chairs by the fire. Hence, it was with great relief that he eased down into it. Belegorn promptly scrambled to fetch a healer, but Thranduil didn't notice. Settling back, he focused on slow, deep breaths. Gradually, the effort was rewarded, and the nausea ebbed away. "My lord?" He looked up, startled to find a healer kneeling in front of him and his family hovering a few feet away. Thranduil gripped the healer's shoulder, using it to steady himself as he rose. "Ada! Sit back down before you fall down!" His daughter exclaimed, rushing forward as he swayed. Thranduil accepted her support, closing his eyes and breathing deeply until he felt the room grow steady. "It has passed," he sighed. The look his daughter shot him in reply would have made the king laugh were it not for the emptiness that had replaced the nausea. "Ada…" Thranduil held up a hand, cutting short her protest. "I must depart for Imladris as soon as can be arranged. But I will agree to rest while provisions are gathered, if you will see to it," he bargained, meeting his daughter's apprehensive gaze. She prepared to argue, but the anguish in his eyes stopped the words in her throat. "Ada, Legolas…?" she choked out, firmly griping his arm. "I know not. I know not…," the king muttered, forcing himself not to drop his gaze. "Where he should be, I feel naught but emptiness." "I will ride with you," his son-in-law, Baelorn, declared resolutely. Thranduil placed a gently hand atop his daughter's, before turning to her husband. "Your company will be welcome." Belegorn stepped forward, eager make the journey, as well. Before he could speak, Thranduil met his gaze. He said nothing aloud, but his grandson understood that he would be staying in Mirkwood. Thranduil would not risk loosing both Legolas and Belegorn. Baelorn gripped his son's shoulder, reassuringly. "We will find him." Gently squeezing his grandson's other shoulder, Thranduil nodded. "Indeed. We will find him and bring him home…whatever doom has befallen him." OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Lord Elrond peered at the white ship before him, his brow furrowed with the effort of placing the memory of where he had seen it before. He'd seen many a ship set sail, and there was nothing outstanding about this vessel to hint as to which one it was. A flicker of movement from the deck answered the question. It was his brother's ship. Elros stood alone, grinning and waving merrily. Elrond smiled back, but it faded as an odd feeling washed over him. It might have been foreboding or dread or anticipation. He couldn't be certain and glanced around, fearing it was a warning. Seeing no immediate threat, he turned his gaze back to the ship, but his eyes met only empty sky. Bewilderment darkened Elrond's fair features. Leveling his gaze to search the horizon, he quickly discovered the vessel. It was no longer in the distance, though; it was under his feet. Elrond turned about, confirming that he was indeed aboard the white ship. The feeling of doom intensified, even as a flicker of movement caught his eyes. He gazed back toward the shore. Elros was there, no longer alone. On his left stood the twins, waving merrily; on his right, Estel and Arwen stood, hand in hand. Foreboding grew to fear. The figures were receding; the ship was moving. He was leaving Middle Earth…leaving his children to suffer the bitterness of mortality. 'Nay! Nay! I will not depart without my children! I will not!' He lurched forward, reaching out to them, and tumbled to the floor of his bedroom amidst tangled bedcovers. Elrond didn't notice. Before him, an image lingered. It was not his brother, or his children, but another…one who had long ago offered a gift that Elrond had refused. He offered it again, hand outstretched, a stone-carven water lily upon it. Elrond closed his eyes. Taking a deep breath, he opened them slowly and found the image gone, but a feeling of doom remained, sending a shiver down his spine. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO