fire bubbling in his middle, filling his lungs. Heart-fire, Alagos had called it. Fire and anger that would protect loved ones. Morroch would not hesitate to release it if any of these dragons made a choice to harm his rider. None of them moved and it was Wiseheart that spoke and the others let him do so, showing some wisdom. "You might relax, Dagoryn. We wanted to kill the Eldanarë, but we could not find her and now that she is bonded, there is no point in killing her. The damage is done and it cannot be undone this time." Morroch eyed all of them, but Wiseheart's voice in his head - while uncomfortable - made the shape-shifter blink, sudden amusement filling his eyes. "It would seem that your brother has been busy making sure our way of life changes for the better." The shape-shifter relaxed slightly, casting the Knowledge Ancient a grateful look. Apparently not every Ancient thought he'd done something horrible by breaking this law. "Unfortunately, Wiseheart is right. The Oath is broken and now our kind will be subject to the Rishten once more." Morroch gave Emeraldsong a hard, but searching look, seeing the seemingly cold heart that lurked beneath her pretty scales. "What is the harm in this? My rider has seen a world in which many humans and elves bond with our kind. We are no longer in hiding and we are accepted. What is wrong with this vision?" "It is not the way things have been for a very long time." Quickscale spoke firmly, but his eyes said differently. They held a gleam of excitement that spoke to Morroch. The shape-shifter searched the eyes of the other Ancients and saw allies in Wiseheart, Mirwind and despite their quietness and the unsureness about them, he suspected Celestream and Rosclaw might come to change their minds as well. Voronflame, Emeraldsong and Seregon were adamantly against this new idea and they showed it clearly. The shape-shifter felt like he'd entered a battle, a fight he had not anticipated, one he did not feel he should be dealing with. Morroch sighed and Voronflame jumped off his ledge. "I think we should let Dagoryn sleep. It has been a long day and this discussion can wait for another time." The other Ancients seemed to come to themselves, remembering that their guest was just that, a guest. They dismissed the shape-shifter with nods. Morroch was more then happy to leave. The Great Cavern was empty when he and Voronflame emerged from the Ancient Chamber. Morroch sniffed the air out of instinct, getting faint traces of individual-type scents that led to different tunnels. He couldn't tell what scent belonged to which kind of dragon yet, though. The fire dragon sighed beside him and started toward a tunnel over by the Entrance Tunnel, but to the right of it. "Come, Dagoryn. I will show you the Fire Cavern, where you will be sleeping." The shape-shifter followed, but his expression was dark and his voice was low when he spoke. "I have not been here a day and already they are displeased with me." He looked over at the fire dragon as they neared the cave tunnel that smelled strongly of smoke and flame, much like Voronflame himself. "They are not truly angry at you...at least not as much as they might seem. We are simply stressed and worried about this change, about the many changes coming to our kind. Give them time, Dagoryn." Morroch nodded, but in his heart, he still felt angry about what had happened. He had not known what to expect coming here, but to be accused of breaking a sacred law and having Arienel threatened, no matter how vaguely, was not it. The black dragon shook his head and followed Voronflame into the warm tunnel. They followed the walls for what seemed like only a short time before it opened up into a cavern that glowed with heat and light from the large lava pool at its center. Large dragons - all around Voronflame's shape or slightly smaller - lounged about, some with their tails in the magma and others on ledges around the rock walls. Their colors ranged from dark to light reds, dark to light yellows, orange to pale orange and black - sometimes being a mixture of two or more of these colors. All the fire dragons looked up as their Ancient entered, the stranger trailing behind him. Morroch once again was studied carefully, but this time, the dragons seemed more curious then judgmental. The shape-shifter stepped further into the giant cave and a dragoness, scarlet in color, came up to touch noses with him, smiling. "Migove. I am Scarlet-tongue." "I am Dagoryn." "It is a good name. Come, I will tell you the names of the others." The shape-shifter soon learned that four fire dragons - Voronflame, Firespirit, Flametooth and Firescale - and four fire dragoness - Flamemoon, Emberwing, Sunwing and Scarlet-tongue - lived at this time. Their dragonlings were few. The ones he was aware of being in the cavern were these; Red and Ember being the only female firelings and Blaze, being the only male. The dragonlings seemed wary and sad, and the shape-shifter suspected that something had happened to their siblings. Voronflame quietly told him that Spark, Sun and Smoke had been taken three weeks ago. Morroch met each of them briefly and then settled down for the night near the Lava Chambers, a tunnel that led off to where the lava pools were in abundance. The Lava Chamber had been one of the reasons that fire dragons had chosen this cave as their own. As the shape-shifter curled in a bed of dry leaves, taken from the outside and brought in, listening to the sound of great breathing and the crackling of fire, he couldn't help but miss Arienel. He fell asleep wishing she were here and that he didn't feel so alone. Review! It is the first chapter! YIPPIE!