true," he admitted. "But there is also joy in it." "Still, you do not need to answer our question, father, if there is too much grief in it, and not enough joy," assured Elrohir. Elrond smiled and petted the child's head. "I think I cannot say which will win out until I have finished the answer, so I may as well give it," he declared, with a wink, and his boys smiled, though uncertainly. "You see, Elros and I also wondered about a very similar spoon once and asked Eärendil about it, and his answering of our questions and his teaching of the art of its making is one of my last clear memories of him." The twins nodded in solemn unison, before Elrond held up the spoon Elladan had handed him. "What do you think of it?" he began, echoing Eärendil's words as they played in his memory… oOoOoOoOoOo Elrohir watched a little golden-haired child amble across the great stone bridge and up into a gnarled elm, and mused pensively. He and Elladan had, unintentionally, greatly upset the young one upon first meeting—something which he very much regretted, and not merely because the child's father, the great Elvenking of the Greenwood, had locked them out of his palace for the night. They had camped many days as they journeyed from home to Thranduil's domain, so it was no great hardship. It had, however, prevented them from making amends to the child. Of course, there was no guarantee making amends was even possible, at least not on this trip. Perhaps, when he was older and could laugh more readily at the thought of a mud puddle eating the mighty Glorfindel… "I must attempt it, at least," Elrohir murmured to himself. "Even if we are sent packing as a result, I cannot leave without at least apologizing." Steeling his resolve, Elrohir ambled up to the elm and called out, "Legolas, may I come up and speak with you?" He could see the child quite clearly, despite the foliage, and grimaced as Legolas turned away, presenting a very a cold shoulder to him. "Please, Legolas, I only wish to apologize," begged Elrohir. "And, I hope, perhaps, we may begin again in our acquaintance." He peered up hopefully, but Legolas did not budge. Elrohir tapped his chin, pondering how he might win over the child, at least enough to be allowed up the tree, and then it came to him. Reaching into his tunic, he pulled at a piece of wood he had been idly carving during their travels. Holding it for a clear view, he called out, "Do you know what this is?" Elrohir bit back a smile as Legolas's head turned a fraction—just enough to see the object out of the corner of his eye. "This is a very special thing," Elrohir continued. "My father taught me about it when I was very young…not a lot older than you are now, actually." He smiled as Legolas turned a little more. "The knowledge of the craft is very ancient, you know." "Who taught him, then? A Feanorian? I've no interest in learning about a wicked craft of the Feanorians…," Legolas announced, even as he turned fully toward Elrohir, his eyes intently studying the object. "Nay, it was no Feanorian," insisted Elrohir. "It was his own father who taught him of the craft." "Eärendil!" gasped Legolas, eyes wide with wonder. "Indeed," confirmed Elrohir. "And who do you think Eärendil learned it from?" Legolas's brow furrowed in thought a moment, before he answered, tentatively, "Tuor?" "It is a good guess," Elrohir replied, "but, nay, was not Tuor." "Who, then?" inquired Legolas, his curiosity now fully engaged. "It was an elf named…" Elrohir paused for dramatic effect. "Legolas!" he finished with a grin. "Legolas of the House of the Tree, of Gondolin, to be exact." The child's eyes grew even wider. "Truly?" he gasped. Elrohir nodded, earnestly. "Truly, and if you will allow me to join you in your tree, I shall gladly tell you a tale of Eärendil and Legolas of the Gondolin and the passing of the knowledge of the spoons." He quirked his head in question and waited, hopefully, for Legolas's answer. As the child patted the branch beside him, Elrohir grinned. He bound up into the tree with one quick leap and, settling down comfortable, handed the unfinished spoon to Legolas for closer inspection. "What do you think of it," Elrohir asked. "It's very pretty," Legolas answered, earning a slight bow from Elrohir in acknowledgement of the compliment. "But it seems like a lot of work for a wooden spoon that will only be thrown away one day." "Were it simply a spoon, that might be true," Elrohir agreed. "Is it not a spoon?" queried Legolas. "Of sorts," Elrohir replied, cryptically. He smiled as a deep furrow etched the child's brow. "It is a spoon, but it is not the sort one eats with." "Ooooh" Legolas responded. "It is a symbol for something, isn't it? A story, of sorts? That's what all the little carvings are for, right?" Elrohir laughed, impressed. "Indeed! You are very astute, little one." Legolas smiled with delight at both the compliment and the knowledge that he had figured out the spoon all on his own. "Back in the long ago, when working gold and silver and gems was not so common as it is today, spoons such as this were carved as a gift to be given as a pledge to another…a beloved," Elrohir explained. "And each of the carvings has a meaning; each is a special part of the tale of hopes and desires for a future with that beloved." Legolas grinned, once again enraptured. "Shall I teach you how to carve one of your own, whilst I explain the symbols of this one to you?" Elrohir asked, with a quirk of the head. Legolas nodded, eagerly. And thus, with a grin, Elrohir began…and so did a friendship that would last the ages. The end.