be near him, she stepped into the kitchen. He seemed so nervous and she wanted to ease his nervousness. When he told her to go sit, she shook her head. Bralyan could never do such a thing. Turning her head, she watched him leave and then went into the kitchen. Taking the potatoes, carrots, onions and beans, she chopped them up and placed them in a kettle that was setting there. She went to his cupboard and found bacon, apples, cinnamon, cream, sugar and bread. She took the ingredients back and put the bacon in the soup pot. Setting the soup to the fire, she began to make an apple bread pudding with the bread, apples, cinnamon, sugar and cream. When it was smooth, she carefully put it in a frying pan and placed that too on the fire. Bralyan stood and watched the food cooking. Every once in awhile, she stirred the soup and added some salt and pepper. Pippin, cleaned up and dressed in his own comfortable home clothes, walked out of the bathing room and was surprised to find Bralyan in the kitchen, cooking. The hobbit lass did not seem to have noticed his presence, so Pippin settled for leaning against the kitchen entrance and silently watch her cook. That warm cozy feeling and the acrobatic stomach came back on full force and Pippin suddenly had the thought that it would not be that bad at all, if he could see this scenario of Bralyan cooking in his kitchen every day. Pippin shook his head. Now don't get idea's in your head, Peregrin Took , He admonished himself. Coughing a bit, he stepped into the kitchen. "Ahh, smells great. Eh, you don't have to do that, ye know? I mean, not that I mind. It smells delicious. I mean, eh... what are you making?" he asked curiously while stepping up next to her to peek into the pan. Bralyan moved from the skillet to the pot with careful and precise movements. Sweat beaded up on her forehead as she cooked, but she paid it no heed. She was not aware of anything else except the cooking she did. She was surprised when Peregrin spoke to her. Holding the wooden spoon in her hand, she wore a comical expression of fear. Calming down, Bralyan went to the table and took up her pad, quill and ink. "Thank-you," she wrote, "Yes, I do. I am a servant. It is not my in my cards to be waited upon." Bralyan paused for a moment and then continued to write in her small and delicate script. "Bacon, vegetable and potato stew is for sup and for desert apple bread pudding - my ma's recipe." Bralyan tore the paper out of her book and closed it. She handed the note to Peregrin as she placed the book on the kitchen table. After finishing that, she went back to her stew. Pippin read it and his mouth watered at the description of what Bralyan was cooking. As if wanting to agree with him, his stomach growled at that precise same moment - very loudly. The hobbit lad blushed. Even though Pippin has grown up in many ways, his enthusiasm for food will always remain the same, though mayhap more subdued. "It looks delicious. I can't wait to taste some of it," he smiled at her. "What can I do to help?" Pippin asked while handling the pad back to it's rightful owner. As an afterthought he said, "Don't worry, I am pretty good in the kitchen. I won't cause a disaster." Pippin blinked and scratched his neck. "Most of the time anyways," he muttered. Bralyan smiled slightly. She was glad her back was towards the Thain, because it was impolite to smile over such matters. When he said it looked good, she nodded. It was very good. Her mum made it often. Slowly, she shook her head. "Nothing," she wrote in the air with her fingers, "about done." Bralyan tasted the soup and took the pot off the fire. It was done. Placing the heavy kettle on the table, she retrieved two bowls and spoons and poured soup in the bowls – more food for the Thain than herself. She made sure of that. Bralyan took away the kettle and then went and got some sun tea she had seen while getting food. Finding two mugs, Bralyan poured theme ach a mug and she sat down. However, the young woman waited to begin eating. Pippin sat himself comfortably on a chair on the opposite site of Bralyan and picked up his spoon. "Well, let us eat, shall we?" he smiled at the hobbit lass and dug in. His brains melted - figuratively speaking of course. The soup was delicious. After a few moments of floating in a haze, salivating the great taste of Bralyan's soup, Pippin finally came back to himself and snapped out of his daze. He grinned sheepishly at Bralyan. "It is really good, your soup," he praised and took another spoonful. Soon, the whole content in the bowl has disappeared into Pippin's stomach. He sat back in his chair with a satisfied smile. "Bralyan, did you know that you are a very good cook?" Pippin asked innocently, unconsciously flirting with the hobbit lass. Silently Bralyan stat there and ate the soup she had made. Peasants' food was what it was called many times. To make this soup meant that one did not have enough to make a 'proper' soup and that what was in the pantry had to suffice. She took her quill and paper and wrote, "It was nothing. This meal is a poor man's meal." The red haired woman smiled shyly at the man that was sitting across from her. She then took up her quill again and scrawled under what she had written, "But thank-you for sayin' so Mr. Pippin." Her ears turned pink slightly at the compliment she was given. Abruptly, she straightened. Something was wrong.