u and me. There's your answer out of the honor of a deal where's mine?" Pippin was taken aback by my retort at first, but then he started to smile. Cuing that he got the hidden joke. "To answer your question, furthermore to clarify I was not possessed. Your sister and brother to me showed signs of possible containing some ability of magic. I gave them a spell to practice with. A spell that would have shown them a mirror world of this one. I never dreamed that they would be able to transport themselves here." "Well newsflash they have and now you are going to help me find them or else." "Or else what?" I get up right in his face not afraid of anything he could try on me. "You don't want to know what I could do to someone who crosses me, but the worst that I would know affect you is knowing that whatever harm manages to come their way will be because of you. I know that you don't want that." I stare into his eyes and I can see that he is studying me like I was him. "Are you up for a journey through a world that you have never known? Where danger could be around every corner and rough times to come?" "Please you make it sound like every day getting to school. If I have to climb a mountain with the upmost certainty of death I would to get Eric and Janie back safe and sound then I will without regret." "Then we shall be off in the next day or two." "Whoa next day or two? We need to be going now." "Going off on a journey ill prepared will result in it ending before it can begin and you still need to rest." He didn't leave room for argument as he began talking with the other guys. Dropping me from the conversation, not that it was a big deal to me. I was more concerned with finding the twins then what they were doing. I was hoping that they were alright and not in any sort of trouble. There was no way I could stay in this place and rest for a day or two. I had to get out there and at least do something. "Carla. Carla. Carla!" "Huh?" Gandalf had apparently been trying to get my attention. "Why don't the boys show you around the shire?" "You sure I won't scare off anybody?" I knew when people were afraid of me and Merry and Pippin were scared of me. I was pretty imposing compared to them. These little dudes with quaint country clothes versus me in my graphic tee fishnet shirt, dark makeup and nail polish and my dark cerulean hair streak. "The woods then, perhaps a clue could be found?" "Are you trying to get rid of me Gandalf?" I asked with fake hurt. "No, I can tell already you are going stir crazy in here and I figure best let you go outside for a while rather than having to stop you from sneaking out of the window at night. Now do wish to go outside?" The guy knew what I would try already. Go figure, normally takes someone at least three tries to figure out how I will sneak out, but I did already try to sneak out once today. "Sure." Merry, Pippin and Frodo lead me out the door. This time I made sure not to hit my head on the ridiculously low ceiling. No talks, well to me no talks to. As we walk down a dirt road into the woods. "Where are ya from Carla?" "Born and raised in the USA. In a great place known as Brooklyn." "U.s.a? Brooklyn? My you come from a weird soundin homeland." Merry remarked. "What's it like?" Frodo asked. He actually looks at me when he asks. "Well it's big and loud for one." "Loud how?" "From cars, trains, other motor vehicles, people in general." "What is a motor vehicle?" piped up Merry. "Or a car for that matter?" finished Pippin. "You won't believe me when I tell you. A car is a motor vehicle or at least a type of motor vehicle. It moves people from place to place." "Oh it's some kind of carriage then. What kind a horses do you use to pull it?" "We don't use any kind of horses. It can move on its own." "Wha? With magic?" "No, gasoline. Actually newer cars use electricity as way to make it better for the environment." "Gas-o what?" "Maybe we should move on to something else." "Yes, what do you do in your village?" "Brooklyn isn't a village. It's a burro and no not a donkey. A burro is slang for neighborhood. Brooklyn is a neighborhood in one of the greatest cities in the world. New York City." "New York City sounds nice." "Not to brag, but yeah it's a cool spot to be. You can go to see plays, musicals are especially big there, or walk through Central Park, visit Rockefeller Center, grab a pizza, eat a hot dog…" "You eat dogs?" "No, it's just a name for the dish. It's just a sausage made from pigs, cows or if your health conscious turkey." "Oh. That's good for a minute I really thought you ate dogs." "No we don't. But the city can be a dog eat dog world." "How does that work?" "It means you have to be tough and resilient to survive living in the city otherwise it will chew you up and spit you back home to ya mama. Figuratively speaking of course." I walk on ahead of them as they ponder my words. Not that I really cared, I was more interested in scouting out for any clue of the twins being closer than I thought. No such luck so far. Just dirt, rocks and trees and something, actually clarify that someone watching in the shadows. Somewhere.