out her hand and her gift as an arrow was loosed from somewhere in the distance, halting its course for Elladan's side. The elf nodded his thanks and continued his bloody work, protecting his wife who looked terrified. It was as Arienel suddenly realized that Lothril couldn't fight that the orcs decided to go to weaker prey. Morroch's snapping mouth followed them as they ran for the elves and Arienel slid off the dragon's back, running for the elven maiden. She reached Lothril's side in time to halt another arrow that would have hit the golden-haired elleth. Arienel stabbed an orc in the stomach as she pushed the other female back behind her. A lull in the amount of orcs coming toward her allowed the red-haired female a moment to see that Elrohir was fighting near his father and both were doing well. Elladan was now separated from the two female's but he was holding his own and Morroch... Arienel didn't get to truly see as she was suddenly and swiftly hit with something hard. Sky blue eyes blinked dizzily and looked up to see an orc with a club. Her head throbbed and behind her, Lothril was screaming, but Arienel found she couldn't focus. She winced as the orc raised the club again, but then blinked once more as the creature was suddenly incinerated before her eyes, falling to ash. She vaguely heard the shriek of retreating orcs, but Arienel didn't care at the moment. How had Morroch used fire? It was her last thought before darkness swamped her throbbing head. She woke with a pounding headache and on reflection, Arienel wasn't surprised and actually grateful that a headache was the only problem she would have to deal with. It beat being sick or dealing with her gift. The elleth moved, but hissed at the pain that radiated from her skull down her spin. Damn that club had been merciless. Elrohir was beside her and he smiled faintly, speaking softly. "Stay still and it will not hurt as badly." The elf brought water up to her mouth and she drank, sky blue eyes amused. This was almost like a tradition now. "Are you injured?" The dark-haired elf shook his head. "No, everyone is fine, including Lothril. She's shaken, though. She's never been in any sort of fight." "She should not have traveled with me, then." Morroch's black wolf head suddenly came into view above her own and the canine's eyes contained a smirk. "Then no one would ever have an adventure, Ainarë. That would not be fair." The elleth merely glared at him in mock anger, too sore to move and the shape-shifter laid down by her side, his head on her stomach. Elrohir kissed Arienel's forehead. "I will go check on the herbs. They will help with the pain." He left and the female looked at Morroch. "How did you use your fire? You have not eaten rock." "I am not sure. I just saw that orc over you and more trying to drag Lothril away and something...built inside me. The fire surprised me as much as it did everyone else, but it did scare the orcs away." Arienel nodded gently, scared of making her throbbing head worse and her eyes started to close sleepily. "Perhaps you should ask Alagos when you see him next.." She almost snorted as a familiar voice came to her right and Arienel opened her eyes to see a white haired human standing calmly in the middle of their camp, ignoring the elves as they unsheathed weapons and grinning in his smirking way, amber eyes laughing mockingly. "Ask me what?" Morroch acted swiftly, standing and getting between his brother and the elves. Elrond and his sons hesitated and the black shape-shifter spoke steadily. "Lord Elrond, Elladan, Elrohir this is my half-brother Brassen." He wasn't sure why he used his sibling's alias, but something told him Alagos would prefer it that way. Even Voronflame had called him Brassen at first. The Lord of Rivendell raised a brow, but sheathed his sword slowly and the twins followed, Elrohir more quickly than his twin. The white shape-shifter had watched the whole proceeding with little care and now simply leaned against a tree - they were still in the lower part of the mountains. "What did you need to ask me, Dagoryn?" Morroch growled and went back to his rider, laying his head back on her stomach as Elrohir walked past Alagos to give Arienel the tea with the herbs in it. The younger son of Elrond was accepting this better than his family members simply for that fact that he was used to things not being normal around Arienel and Morroch. The black shape-shifter replied tiredly, ready for sleep after the long day. "I used fire when I know I need rock to fuel it. I had none and yet when Arienel was in danger, the fire came." His brother snorted and rolled his eyes. "That is no mystery. Rock fire is used for Lung-Fire. What you used to save your immortal was Heart-Fire. Any dragon can use it to save another and with enough training, you could use it for other things, too." Alagos pushed away from the tree. "If that is all you will be needing..." He grinned at the elves. "Pleasure meeting you." The white-shifter melded into the trees as if he'd never been there, leaving the others to look after him and Morroch shook his head before laying it back on Arienel's stomach. They had answers and they were both happy with the new bit of information. The elleth and shape-shifter were asleep within a minute, getting much needed rest for the traveling they would have to do the next day. Yes, Arienel blacks out. Oh, come on! The story would just not be the same without it! LOL Review please! Oh, I now have a name for my series: Dragons of Arda . Not very original, but I like it. :)