disappear like tha'!" "Still," said the first, "why're they tearing up the fields and attacking innocent people? I heard that they killed this one young girl yet left her sisters alone. Pretty little thing she was. The most beautiful hair I ever saw. Long and the color of golden sand." Legolas' eyes shot to the ones speaking at the mention of the girl's hair color. Golden sand? Long? An image of the girl he had encountered appeared in his mind. Yes, her hair was the same. An involuntary twitch of pain shot through his cheeks, remembering the cuts the girl had inflicted. The wounds had long ago healed, the faintest hint of scarring left in their wake. "But why did they kill her and not her sisters?" asked one of the men at the table. "How should I know?" "Just wondering." "'Tis a real shame, though. She was a beauty. And the clearest of brown eyes..." Legolas let out the breath he did not even know he had been holding. So it was not she. The Wood-Elf found it strange that even now he was thinking of her. There was something about her that interested him. How she had managed to help in defeating a large group of Orcs when she was injured was one thing, but that whip of hers was another. She handled it as if it was a part of her, yet he wondered how she had managed to get a hold of it and how she learned to use it. As strange as it sounded, the way she handled it was that of an Orc. Legolas chuckled, thinking, I must be going insane, comparing that girl at an Orc. As he thought the words, the girl's harsh voice echoed in his mind. ' Elves are far worse than Orcs! ' She had spoken the words with such a hate it made him somewhat nervous. His sharp eyes had not missed the strange, murderous gleam in her eye as she had struck him for a second time. He knew too well that she would have made good on her promise to slash his eyes. Why did she have such an enraged hate for his kind? That girl is definitely a mystery , he thought as he downed the last of his drink. One I don't think I will ever find the answers to. He left the money for his drink on the table and made his way out of the bar, feeling many eyes following him out. The chilled, late afternoon air met him as he departed the bar. On reflex he closed his cloak around him. I need to get as much ground covered as I can, he thought as he headed outside the village. He swiftly left, avoiding bumping into the villagers as they returned home from a long day's work. He managed to get out without incident and continued at a slower pace. He let out a relieved breath, letting his hood fall back. He shook his head, his hair freeing itself and falling down. As the sun fell, leaving the moon and stars in its wake, Legolas felt a sudden chill. He paused, eyes darting around. His ears picked up what sounded like strained breathing coming from his right. His hand went for his bow. "No reason for that, now!" Legolas spun as soon as the first words were spoken; arrow aimed at the branches of the tree beside him at the one who spoke. "Whoa! You're good! Better than I thought!" exclaimed the youthful boy sitting up in the branches. He looked down at Legolas through a mass of thick, light brown hair, grinning as he laughed at his words. His golden eyes glinted, reflecting flecks of red and green in them. "You must be a skilled archer, huh?" he asked, standing up on the branch with surprising balance. "Bet you fought in a lot of battles, the way you handled that, I mean! Did you fight in the Great War? Huh? Did you?" Legolas, seeing he would cause no harm however annoying he was, lowered his bow but kept the arrow in, just in case. "Who are you? And why are you are here so late?" The boy's face remained as it was for a moment, before it shifted, becoming mature. His eyes dulled, the previous shine of youth exiting from them, replaced by the shadow of wisdom. His mouth, once curved in a mischievous grin, turned down, becoming sober, vague. "I am the One That Seeks," he spoke, his voice also seeming to have aged. Legolas felt something stir in his heart. A feeling spread through him, a tingling sensation that made him anxious, but for what he did not know. "What do you seek?" he asked. "I seek the One That Wanders." Again, something moved within the young Elf. "For what purpose?" he spoke without realizing. The boy lowered one hand, palm facing the Elf. Legolas stepped back. The boy's wrist and arm was slashed as if by a blade. Welts and bruises covered it as well. "To heal the One That is Scarred..." he spoke softly, tilting his head to the side, holding Legolas with his intense gaze. Flame suddenly erupted and spread from his arm to his whole body, then burst, disappearing along with the aforementioned injuries. "...and the One That is Dying." He raised his head back up, then said, "Go, Master Elf. They are coming...they have already taken you..." / BAMF The boy disappeared in a cloud of black smoke. Legolas reeled as if he had been punched. His heart clenched in his chest. He raised a hand over it, wincing as throbbed. "What is going on?" he gasped to the forest around him. From all directions, foul voices rose on the wind. The Wood-Elf froze briefly before reloading his bow, recognizing the danger. The wind carried the words to him. His eyes narrowed with hate at what they were. The language was of Mordor.