a long-suffering sigh, climbed the tall ladder, bidding them all a good day as he collapsed at last into the mound of soft duvets. oOoOoOoOoOoOoOo For a second day in row, Estel found himself waking in the dark hour before dawn. He lay still for several minutes, blearily wondering what had woken him, and then the memory of the previous day came rushing back in a jolt that nearly tossed him from his bed. Sitting straight up, he wondered if he should linger outside Legolas's room, or wait until breakfast to find out if it had worked. He finally decided, though reluctantly, that he should probably wait until breakfast. Legolas might get suspicious if he found him hovering outside again after finding them all in his room the previous night. It took nearly all the self-control his ten-year body could muster to stay in bed until the sky lightened. He twiddled the edges of his blankets. He hummed to himself and told himself stories about the shadows dancing across his ceiling. Then, at last, the birds began to chatter their greeting to the new day, and Estel was up in a flash. He dressed quickly and dashed toward the Hall with leggings rumpled and tunic askew. He slowed, though, as neared the doorway and saw Legolas just entering. Composing himself, though not his clothes, Estel sauntered in behind the Wood-elf at a sedate pace. "Good morning," he jauntily bade his mother and the assembled elves as he took a seat opposite Legolas so that he could watch him as they ate and see if he looked tired. "Good morning, Estel," said Elrond, peering at the child with an amused expression that Estel did not notice as he attempted to simultaneously dish up sausages and surreptitiously peer at Legolas. "You are bright-eyed this morning. You slept well?" "Yes, ada," Estel answered distractedly. "Ah, Legolas," Elrond said abruptly, looking away from the child before Estel forced a laugh out of him. "I do not believe you have yet met our young addition. This is Estel. Estel, this is Legolas Thranduilion, emissary of Greenwood." "Mae govannen, young Estel," said Legolas, bobbing his head politely. "I am pleased to have a name to go with the face." "Mae govannen, Legolas," Estel replied, his gaze dropping to his plate as he waited to see if the Wood-elf would mention their meeting the previous evening. Elrond would probably not approve of the test, he thought anxiously. Legolas said no more, though, and so Estel peered up cautiously and, mustering his courage, asked in a steady voice, "Did you sleep well, Legolas?" Legolas's eyes, which had been watching him, darted abruptly to his plate, and Estel wondered for a moment if the Wood-elf had found them out and would tell Elrond after all. When Legolas looked up again, he had an odd expression on his face that Estel could not quite read before it fell into weariness. "Ai, no, I fear I did not," Legolas admitted. "Dear me, I do apologize, Legolas. Did your mattress not suit you? Perhaps we can find you another," Elrond said gravely. "Nay, do not trouble," replied Legolas, turning his gaze toward the elf lord. "I will manage, though I must admit, it did feel a though I were sleeping upon a boulder last night. But doubtless, it was my weary muscles that were to blame, and not your mattresses, for your hospitality has never lacked in comfort or kindness." Elrond bowed his head appreciatively at the compliment, managing, only just, to keep his expression somber. "All the same, young Legolas, do not hesitate to ask should you wish a different bed." "Indeed, poor chap," commiserated Glorfindel, clapping Legolas on the back, and Estel dropped his gaze to his plate, unable to look at his co-conspirator. Thus he did not notice that no one else looked at the elf lord either -- except Gilraen, who seemed puzzled, and Galadriel, who seemed amused -- as Glorfindel said, "You are welcome to try my bed. It is soft and cosy and provided me with a most splendid night's sleep." "That is a most generous offer, Glorfindel," said Celeborn, in a slightly strangled voice that brought Estel's gaze to him. Celeborn's eyes, though, remained fixed on the bread he was breaking as he asked, "But wherever will you sleep?" Glorfindel merely waved away the concern and said offhandedly, "The twins and I are off today to scout out a new pass over the mountains, so I will not be needing my bed for a day or two." Legolas bobbed his head in acknowledgment of the offer, before turning his attention back to his plate. It remained there for the remainder of the meal, which was fortunate for Estel, who finished his breakfast staring at Legolas wide-eyed and speechless. Legolas finished his meal first and then asked Elrond's pardon as he excused himself ahead of the others, begging leave to soak his bruised and weary muscles. "You have my leave, of course, Legolas," said Elrond genially and smiled as Estel's eyes followed the Wood-elf until he turned the corner out of sight. Elrond dropped his gaze to his plate, then, to hide the smile creeping onto his face as he heard Legolas stopped by the twins just outside the Hall entrance. Estel though, heard nothing, too caught up still in his amazement to pay attention to aught else. And a good thing that was, too, else he would have heard the twins grumbling about their missing mattresses and Legolas grumbling amiably that he was getting too old for the pea. The end. oOoOoOoOoOoOoOo Note: The Council referred to is the Third White Council, held in late summer of 2941 Third Age. Also, within my limited universe, this story takes place prior to 'Aragorn the Mighty' (To those waiting for more Bitterness of Mortality, I have set aside all other contests and challenges in favor or wrapping up Bitterness, so do not give up on me yet.)