he could describe in words. "Alagos." His body gave a shudder and he stilled, tremors anew going through him as her voice washed over his frayed mind. It was warmth and comfort and affection in one intoxicating wave and he knew with absolute clarity that she'd breached his walls now and forever. There was no going back from this and he was beginning to understand, truly understand that he didn't want to. The shape-shifter wasn't aware that he spoke until the words left him and entered her own mind, gentle, aware that as a human, she wouldn't have the kind of mind he did. There was also a deeply rooted instinct brought on by the Rishten itself that shrieked in protest of every hurting his bonded. "Nahisya, don't. Please." She drew back in hurt. He could feel it like he could feel his own heart and the shape-shifter immediately wanted to take the words back. He didn't, though, struggling with the reason why himself, and he felt her mind slowly retreat from his, saddened and unsure. Alagos finally opened his eyes, surprised to find that he was much shorter than he had been and was seeing from eyes that were not other either side of his face. Sometime during this interaction, he'd shifted into his human form and now the male ran a hand through his shaggy hair, trying to still the shaking as he watched Gweltari and the Rangers around he grow smaller in the distance. He couldn't help but feel relieved knowing he wouldn't have to face her eyes, her face right away. Alagos changed his form quickly and the white Tsubasa took to the air. Gweltari watched the white creature that was Alagos disappear into the clouds and clenched her good fist, her teeth gritted. She'd felt him! Talked to him! She'd finally felt like she was where she belonged and then he'd pushed her away again! It was enough to make her want to scream and sob at the same time. The tension radiating from her body caused her mount to side-step nervously and her father looked at her with a raised brow. He had known something was happening the moment he'd seen the amber tint in his daughters eyes and now was curious as to what had gone wrong. She'd been smiling one moment and then on the verge of tears the next and the Ranger had told himself not to jump to conclusions. Still, he was pretty sure that the shape-shifter was the cause. "What is wrong, Tari?" Green-gray eyes sparked with anger as she shook her head, dark brown curls bouncing slightly. "He just frustrates me, father. I KNOW he wants to trust me, but...there is something that keeps him from doing so completely." She sighed, blowing hair away from her face and Thalos merely listened, knowing that was what his child wanted right now. "He won't talk to me, though! I know he is terrified of humans and fire, but he won't tell me why for either. I know that his gift hurts him, but he won't tell me how much. I know that he's lonely and hurt, but he pushes me away when I try to help!" The woman growled under her breath. "I want to smack him. I think I might even begin to hate him." She didn't mean a word of it and both the woman and her father knew it. "You care for him. You don't hate him and there is a difference, child." Thalos couldn't help chuckling when he said it, though, his heart was tightening in worry for his daughter. The last time she'd spoken even remotely like this... It hadn't ended well. His older gray eyes met her younger green-gray ones. "Tari, just be careful how much of your affection you give to him. I know you have learned to choose whom you will trust and give care to wisely, but know that even your heart can betray you, my daughter." Gweltari looked away, fighting tears and nodded. "I understand, father." Yes, she understood very well what he was saying and even though the situations were very different, the potential for hurt was the same. And this time, she wasn't sure if she would recover. Not if the hurt came from Alagos. "I don't think I can escape him, though." It was whispered. It was a confession and Thalos took a steadying breath before he replied, knowing he had to trend carefully now. "I know. Just be careful. I do not want to see your heart broken again." The woman could only nod, her mind and her heart already knowing she was far too gone, far to bonded to ever think of being careful if not being careful would help. She couldn't be careful if doing so could cost her Alagos, cost her the chance to know more about him, to help heal him. She was not going to lose him and she knew there was hope in this situation somewhere, even if she could not immediately see it. Review! It's the first chapter! The first chapter is always nice to get reviews on...*gives you pleading look* PonyInsane ~ Thank you so much for your review on O Emlyg (I am writing this here in case I miss you on that story since I don't know if you've read all of it or not)! Though, I have to wonder if you meant to review Herves ar Iell since O Emlyg , while in the series, doesn't have Legolas in it at all. Confused me a little, but I appreciate your feedback all the same! I would be more than happy to email you, but your email did not show up in your review as FanFiction(dot)Net does not put links or email addresses in reviews or chapters. You have to put spaces between your words, the 'at' icon and periods. Thank you again for reviewing! I hope you enjoy the rest of the series! ~ Kaisaan