the open air circular area that Elrond held his council on, because he was not focused at all on getting to the dais. Elrond was waiting for Aragorn at the entrance to the council room. "Aragorn," he said as a greeting. Aragorn nodded to him, and looked past him at the council room. "All of the races are here today," he murmured. "Do you not think this a bad idea? Tensions between the elves and dwarves are always high." "This matter is too important to leave any race out of, for it will affect all of us." "Your wisdom is infallible as it always is, Ada." The familiar name slipped out from Aragorn's mouth through habit, though he did not try to take it back. "Ada," Elrond mused. "Seven and sixty years it has been since you have called me that." Aragorn was about to reply when the human representative, a tall man with blond hair moved slightly, and Aragorn caught sight of the Mirkwood Elves' representative. His breath caught in his throat as he blinked several times to make sure that his eyes were not betraying him, as they tended to do when it came to Legolas. But he was still there after several blinks. As he stood, dumbstruck into silence, Legolas looked up and saw him. His eyes went wide, and they flicked to Elrond. He obviously did not know that Aragorn was going to be here. He stood quickly from his seat and began walking across the council room. Aragorn drank in the sight of him as he came closer, his clean clothes and long hair with the battle braids, the bow and quiver that was always strapped across his back. As he approached them, Aragorn could see that he was fighting a smile. "My Lord Elrond, you did not inform me of Aragorn's presence," he said, turning to Elrond. Elrond blinked a few times, looking surprised. "I had forgotten that you two shared such a close bond. Please pardon me." "Of course," Aragorn said at once. No one had known the true extent of their relationship, not even Elrond. They had not let anyone know of their true feelings for several reasons. Part of it had been by sheer fate, and part of it had been by their own doing. "We will begin in a few moments," Elrond said, and nodded his farewells to Aragorn and Legolas. Legolas turned and watched him go for a heartbeat, and then turned back to Aragorn. "Estel," he said in a soft voice that held so much emotion, so much more than the simple name. He gave a brilliant smile that made Aragorn's heart catch in his throat. Ed' i'ear ar' elenea, he was beautiful enough to make a battle hardened warrior weep. "Greenleaf," he replied, just as softly. He reached out hesitantly and placed a hand on Legolas's shoulder. The gesture was a simple one of friendship to the casual onlooker, but it held so much more than anyone else could see. "It has been long since I have had the pleasure of laying my eyes upon you, my friend." Legolas smiled now and reached up to put his hand on Aragorn's shoulder as well. He squeezed it, as if he could reassure himself of Aragorn's presence by feeling the solid flesh under his arm. After a moment, Legolas looked away from Aragorn's eyes, to the necklace that hung around his neck. The Evenstar's gift to him, her love. "Aye," he said, trailing his hand down from Aragorn's shoulder to the chain of the necklace. "Far too long." Aragorn opened his mouth to reply, but Legolas pulled away before he could say anything, and returned to his seat. Aragorn was still partially in shock as he walked into the ring of the different races. Gandalf nodded to him as he passed, and Aragorn managed a slight smile. He sank into his seat next to the blond haired man who had been blocking Legolas at first. The man looked over and gave a smile that held no warmth. "And who am I to be seated next to?" "Strider," Aragorn said, the name falling off of his tongue out of habit. "A ranger. And who might you be?" "I am Boromir," the man said. Aragorn nodded to him again in greeting. "Well met," he said. As Elrond called everyone to order, and everyone fell silent, Aragorn found his eyes drawn to Legolas once more. What was the elf doing here? He would reawaken old desires that were better left deep inside of Aragorn. For the love he had for this elf was volatile and could shake his entire being. Aragorn felt something stirring within him, beneath the love and lust that came to mind when Legolas's mere name was mentioned. He felt vulnerability. He hadn't been vulnerable, not completely, for sixty-seven years. He would never admit it to anyone, but this vulnerability scared him. Okay, I know it's a strange place to end, but if I don't end it now it will become humongous-ly long. Like I said, not much A/L in this chapter, but there will be much more in the next few chapters. If there's anything wrong, please let me know and I will fix it. Also, please review, your comments and suggestions are most welcome and appreciated. Below are some translations for things that are said in Sindarin. I will probably be using a lot of Elvish in this fanfic, so I'll always have these down at the bottom. Please feel free to correct me if anything is wrong with my Sindarin, as well. I don't know much of the Elvish language, and would love to learn proper grammar and phrasing, etc. Gi nathum hi—You are welcome here Raich—Curses Ma istanvel—Have we met? Seron—Love Ed' I'ear ar' elenea—by the sea and the stars (Please let me know if I've missed everything. I've gone over it twice scraping through it for Elvish phrases, but I may have missed something.)