handle this. Allow me to do so." Aragorn did not back down. "I will not let them win again." Legolas argued no further. There was no time. "Very well." And they leapt into the battle. Legolas had estimated closely. Eight orcs still remained alive and fighting. At least six more lay already dead. He quickly dispatched two of those standing, with his dagger. "It's about time!" Gimli grunted, as he thrust his axe into another of the Uruk-hai. Aragorn had already taken out two more. And then a third. Legolas took out another, who had strayed too close to the hobbits for his comfort. Aragorn killed the final orc, it's head sent flying by his sword. After the group managed to finish off the mass of orcs, they finally got around to their greetings. "Hello Elf. Look at who I found wandering in the woods." Gimli spoke first. "We decided to see if you needed help." "And you were right on time." Merry and Pippin looked excited, glad to see that Aragorn was safe. "It's good to see you're alright Aragorn," Pippin said happily. "We were worried." Merry added. Aragorn stiffened, saying nothing. "Aragorn is something wrong?" Pippen asked as Aragorn took a step back. He turned to Merry and whispered. "Did we say something wrong?" Legolas held out his hand. "Refer to him as Strider." He offered no explanation for his words save a glare in his eyes to obey or else. "We must find shelter for the rest of the night. It will do us no good to try and travel now." Gimli spoke up, "I know of a hidden place, not far from here." For once, Legolas did not question the dwarf, "Let us go there then." The place Gimli spoke of was a cave hidden behind a waterfall. "This is it?" Legolas asked. "Do you have a better idea, Elf?" the dwarf asked in mock anger. Legolas smiled. "I do not." Gimli gave a grunt. "Then don't complain." While Merry and Pippin attempted to find dry wood to make a small cooking fire in the front of the cave, Aragorn silently made his way to the back and sat down against the wall. His hand automatically curled around the handle of his sword. Legolas followed him. "Idh mellon-in." He said softly. "We will be safe here and things will be made right." "Im iest im estel ha. (I wish I could trust it)." Aragorn replied softly, the first words he'd spoken all day. "Caro." Legolas replied. "It will happen." Aragorn did eventually fall asleep while listening to the group near the front of the cave. The short bearded man was telling of an adventure he had, while the little ones listened. The Elf, the one who claimed to be his friend, seemed to watch him while half-listening to the others. "Aragorn..." A beautiful woman sat next to him on some sort of balcony overlooking a lush green land. "Who are you? Wait a minute, you're another elf..." "You do not remember who I am?" Concern played across her features. He felt as if he should know her... he wanted to know who she was... why he felt so drawn to her. She was beautiful in a way that defied the use of words. "No. Please help me. Tell me what's happened to me..." His eyes pleaded with her, hoping that maybe he'd get some answers about his life... who he was, why he felt so comfortable among the elves... and how he could heal himself. "I cannot but you will find the truth..." She stroked his face gently, and he could feel it comfort his soul as one might put medicine on a cut to heal and soothe the wound. She leaned over and whispered softly in his ear, "Namarie. Sleep well Estel and have faith. You will find your way." Before he could speak she had faded away... ...and he was left alone. After that he fell into a deep and dreamless sleep. "What happened to him?" Merry asked. At the same time, Pippin fired, "Will he be alright?" "Saruman put some sort of spell on him, in revenge for Isildur," Legolas explained. "He remembers nothing of his life and has been made afraid of his own name." Merry and Pippin winced and looked to each other guiltily. "We must get him back to Lothlorien." Legolas added. "The elves can help him right?" Pippin asked. Silence followed. "Right?" he asked more insistently. "I hope so," was all Legolas said. "That's encouraging," Merry grumbled. Later that night, after the rest of the group was asleep, Aragorn awoke. "Of what did you dream, Estel?" Aragorn started, relaxing as he realized it was the Elf who'd saved him... Legolas? The Elf sat a few feet away on a rock. He had a dagger in his hand, at a relaxed position. "I dreamt of a woman. I feel I should know her, but I do not remember. She gave me some sort of necklace." "Her name is Arwen. She and you are bound together by love. The necklace you speak of is the Evenstar which she gave to you, a symbol of her love. She has given you her heart." "Have I lost it?" he asked. "It was destroyed by your captors." Legolas had not missed seeing pieces of the treasured pendant on the floor of the room in which Aragorn had been held. "I am sorry." "What my captors did to me has nothing to do with you." Aragorn sighed, leaning back against the wall. "How long have I lived among the Elves?" "Since you were two years old, a mere child. Your father was murdered and Lord Elrond of Rivendell adopted you as his own." Aragorn nodded again. Legolas was unsure of how to gauge his mood. This Aragorn was different from his friend. This Aragorn remembered nothing of his past. End Part 3 PLEASE SEND ME FEEDBACK! IT HELPS ME WRITE! CLICK HERE TO SEND FEEDBACK