either past, present or future, for all he knew. If only he had the ability to snatch Sam from the Palantir's depths and question him on the matter! It was a foolish thought. Such a thing was impossible, this he knew well. And even if it were not, Sam would not wish to talk of events that were now over, and brought nothing but pain upon remembrance. His beloved Mr Frodo, his dearest friend, was gone and Sam could not bring him back. As if sensing his train of thought, a new vision came forth in the Seeing Stone. As the dark mist inside it parted, Aragorn saw … A cosy room lit faintly by starlight peeping through the window. A fireplace was smouldering with the remainder of what had been a good blaze and a sturdy wooden table and chairs sat not far in front of it with a half-filled flagon of ale and a platter dish bearing the remnants of an earlier repast. The far side of the small chamber, opposite the window, had a large (by hobbit standards) four-post bed, and on the bed, sheets twisted around him, was the form of Samwise Gamgee. The gardener seemed to be caught in a dream: he struck out at something only he could see, crying out, "Mr Frodo! Frodo. No…!" Aragorn's heart ached as he watched Sam fight his dream demons. The room itself was foreign to his eyes and Rose was noticeable in her absence, and he speculated that Sam had made the journey to Frogmorton in this vision. It disturbed him to see the sturdy gardener in such distress, to be alone with no one to aid him or stroke his brow in comfort. No one to draw him from the terrors of the dreaming world. It was pointless to imagine which one of the many days that Sam and Frodo had endured in Mordor was causing this particular nightmare, but he could not bear to witness his friend's distress. The Palantír cared not for such trivial matters as the emotions of those who wielded it; it continued to show the hobbit struggling against his demons, swiping at the air as if fending someone - or something - off, and weeping inconsolably. Finally, Sam fell into an uneasy rest and slept, muttering only now and again in his sleep, and plucking occasionally at his sweat-soaked nightshirt. The Seeing Stone swirled a final time, and the last vision was again of Annúminas, sitting by the south-eastern shore of Lake Evendim, looking peaceful and tranquil in soft early morning light. Aragorn could not suppress his pleasure at witnessing the city's prosperity, but he was unable to dwell on it as long as he normally would. With a deep sigh, the King withdrew his hand from the Stone and Annúminas disappeared, leaving only a black orb sitting innocently on a stone pedestal. The Shire visions had affected him deeply. Sam was in pain. Aragorn ran a hand over his jaw as he contemplated the hobbit gardener's possible dilemma. Past, present, or future? One thing was certain: Sam had, was, or would be experiencing, a very difficult time. Aragorn had no way of knowing if this really was due to the recent anniversary. If it was his wife and children would usually be present to distract him from it and assist him through it with their love. But what if there was something deeper at work? He frowned again, unsure of why such an idea had presented itself in the first place. There had been no sign of any outside influences adversely affecting his little friend. Sam's illness - if indeed he suffered one - may be naught more than the result of an everyday fever, or minor hobbit malady. Regardless of the cause of Sam's distress, one thing was certain: ascertaining it would be difficult. Samwise Gamgee was not the most forthcoming of people, and would not speak of his troubles openly - especially if he believed it would distress those he loved. His letters to the King never made any mention of ailments or worries pertaining to himself, leaving Aragorn with the impression that all was well within the Shire, Hobbiton and Bag End in particular. Stubborn Gamgee! he thought, striding from the room. He barely acknowledged the guards on his exit and made his way briskly down the Tower steps. Were he to snap his leg in two parts, he would only complain of a slight pain in his toe! He is worse than a Dwarf! Eating up the distance to the Royal chambers with the long strides that had given him one of his many aliases, Aragorn determined to consult his Queen and beloved wife regarding the disturbing visions. It was difficult to know what he could do for Sam at present, so great was the distance between them, but he would not sit back and let his friend - and a Saviour of Middle Earth - suffer for much longer without at least assisting him in any way he could! XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Author's Note : 13/07/2012 Replaced all chapters with redrafted versions very late last night, only to find I'd uploaded them in the wrong order. Too tired to start over again, and unwilling to leave chapters in wrong order, I deleted the story. Unfortunately, it means I've lost all my lovely reader feedback/favourites, etc, but it had to be done. So here's the story again. If it still seems a little indulgent and naïve, please remember it was my first LoTR fic and I was a bit … indulgent and naïve myself at that time. I' ve done a (fair) bit of sentence restructuring, and corrected grammar/punctuation where needed, but that's it. Didn't want to go too wild in case it ruined the flow. But ye gads, when I think of the state this was in before. And I left it up for everyone to see. For years! *shuffles off in complete mortification* Kara's Aunty :|