she could get it all to fit. CuB had finished Gandolf, and had nothing to do but wait for Peiko and Neko to finish. That is tell she noticed what Peiko had done to Aregon's hair she shook her head. Saying to her self; 'That isn't right, he needs something more done to him." So she pulled out her wand waving it as she pictured a mullet in her mind and the spell she spoke did the rest of her work. "What did you do!" Peiko's shrill voice yelled from directly behind. Whom clasped a hand at her chest. "How many times baka-brains, do I have to say don't sneak up behind me?" Peiko grabbed her arm roughly turning her, "Why did you give him a mullet?" Cub gave a devilish smile "Because, he needed more done to him, but now's not the time to fight. The Sleeping spell will ware off soon and it wouldn't be good to be seen in their camp." Peiko got ready to say something else, but CuB placed her hand over Peiko's mouth as Neko said the teleporting and cloaking spell. The three girls where teleported to a group of bushes fifty yards off, but with a extended vison spell CuB spoke after removing her hand from Peiko's mouth, let all three girls see the Fellowship as if they were standing next to them. Peiko wisely remained silent, as she watched what happened in the following moments. The first to awaken from the spell was Gandalf. Peiko stuffed a fist in her mouth as he made a grunting sound as if he had been jabbed in the ribs to be woken up. One of his hands went to his beard to scratch it and that's when his eyes widened, for they got the first glimpse of the multi-colored beard he now sported. "Fools whom is playing such dastardly tricks!" Gandalfs eyes turned to Merry and Pippin and his face became red as anger flared in him. For they both still slept on, sporting an even weirder hair cut than himself. Legolas was jarred awake from his light elven sleep by Gandalf's outraged yell. As he looked upon Gandalf he couldn't help but laugh. "And what are you laughing at Master Elf? Your hair doesn't look much better. In fact, it reminds me of an elvish blueberry." Came a gruff voice from next to him. Of course it was Gimli. "Yeah well, Master Dwarf, I think you should check on your beard. Its looking a little on the sparse side of things." Legolas jumped up from where he sat, before the dwarf could take out his anger on him. Finding his beard totally gone. Aragorn grunted, his eyes still closed he spoke in a husky voice. "What's all the commotion about? We need our sleep, we have a long journey ahead of us tomorrow." Aragorn was silenced when Boramer whom had awakened soon after Gandalf threw his rolled up bed at his head. Aragorn's eyes opened and as his eyes moved from one Fellowship member to the other his body began to shake with suppressed laughter. "Strider, I don't see the humor in this." cried Frodo as he looked at Sam's hair. "I knew MasterStrider shouldn't have trusted those two to watch our camp as we slept! They get lost just walking through Farmer Maggot's fields!" stated Sam, fussing over Frodo's hair. Boremer had drawn his sword and was stalking around the area near the camp looking for any traces there might be of the ones that did this. Aragorn had finally controlled his laughter and gave a pained snort. "Well it could have been worse, we all could have been murdered in our sleep." Legolas came back into the camp from the direction of the water and he looked a bit green in the face. "This awful color will not come out of my hair." Legolas snapped his angry gaze over to the two still sleeping Hobbits. He slunk over behind them, thinking to himself. 'How could these two sleep through this commotion? And why did he and the fellowship have to put up with their dumbness?' Than he yelled right into the prankster hobbit's ears. "I thought I told you to stay out of my fields!" mimicking the voice of farmer Maggot. The two hobbits jumped in fright and then their eyes grew larger as two elven daggers where placed to their throats. "We trusted you on duty, and what's the first thing you two pesky hobbit's do? Fall asleep! You both are lucky I have an oath not to kill you, or I would have by now! I suggest next time you leave home keep your sexual preferences at there." one of his daggers moves up and points at Merry's head. Peiko pulled the fist out of her mouth and gave a sigh, "Ah well. All's well that ends well." CuB thrust a note into Peiko's hand. She rolled her eyes. "I all most forgot about this." Peiko used a levitate spell to have the rolled parsley shoot through the air and land in Pippin's lap. Pippin, who was trying to hide his face from all the murderess glares, gasps as something landed in his lap he looks down at it and sees its addressed to him and the fellowship he opens and begins to read. I, Pippintook, am a clumsy moron that wouldn't know a joke from a sarcastic reply. I have endangered the Fellowship from a thirst of ignorance. Merry is my companion. He is also the more dominant. Each hair style you sport, you will wear gladly. You will never find who did this it you, you will start believing it was spooks. We arn't of course these spooks, but simple little pranksters. We're the kind that would stretch your underwear or put sugar in your bed. Well I must stop this letter now, so I can finish predicting the future. Signed, Fate in training and all around prankster