sun as they descended the slope toward the great place. At last, a small group of eleven riders followed the procession, all of them young lads whose expressions were a mixture of excitement and pride. Two of them were clad in armour that indicated their noble descent, among them the wilful young man the people recognised as King Théoden's nephew Éomer and their beloved captain Ceorl's son Éothain, and their hearts went out to them, silently murmured prayers for their well-being wandering through the rows. Those two, the people knew, would remain among the warriors after their first year of duty… if they survived. They would rise in the hierarchy from simple riders to captains or maybe even marshals, endlessly roaming the Mark in search of their enemies, long after the other nine lads, who would only join the riders to learn the skills to defend themselves and their people would be back on the fields. Well aware of the importance of that day, the citizens fell silent as their king approached the centre of the square, where he turned his horse and waited until the rest of the procession had fallen into place at his side or, in the case of the young riders who were to be distributed to the éoreds, opposite him. Briefly he met his nephew's eyes, and the contradiction of emotions that flooded him – pride, fear and sadness – threatened to overwhelm him for a moment before he raised his voice above the now silent crowd. "Citizens of Edoras! The day has once again arrived. For some of our sons, childhood ends today, and they will commit their lives to the greater good: the protection of our people and our values, and the pursuit of the Mark's enemies wherever they may find them. For some of you, it may be hard to say farewell. The plains are dangerous grounds, and all of us are aware that when destiny calls us, not even the bravest and most valiant warrior can hide from it. Yet the thought may comfort you of what those young men who have reached adulthood will find out there: each of them will make his way. They will not only be taught the way of the sword, but also be shown the path to wisdom and humility. They will learn to weigh decisions against each other and find the right one, they will learn about battle rage and also about mercy. They will find their courage in the face of fear, and strength and companionship, and grow into respectable men of the Mark you, their parents and relatives, can be proud of. Now let us commit the sons of Éorl to the ways of the warriors with this oath!" He turned from the crowd to the eleven impatiently waiting men, indicating with a short nod for them to urge their horses forward until they stood in the middle of the circle. For a brief moment, his eyes lingered on Éomer's face, and the expression of dedication in his nephew's gaze moved him. 'May Eru himself hold his protective hands over you, sister-son,' he prayed silently, hardly able to keep the flood of emotions from his voice as he began to call the young men forth to individually speak their oath. Last of them, it was Éomer's turn, and the sparkle in the dark eyes that reminded Théoden so much of his sister told him how much this ceremony meant to him as his sincere voice rang out into the silence. "My name is Éomer, son of Éomund and Théodwyn. Let the gods hear my words now and punish me if I ever stray from them: From this day henceforth to the end of my days, I swear my allegiance and fealty to the Lord of Riddermark and its people. I shall strive to uphold the values and laws of our land, and I shall defend them against all attacks foreign and domestic. With the wisdom and skill I will be taught, I shall protect our people, and pursue and destroy our enemies wherever I may find them. My life for the Mark and its king. Hail Théoden!" Holding his uncle's gaze, he raised the arm with his sword, and the passion and sincerity of his oath was obvious to all who listened, and heads turned to wait for their king's response, even though they knew that the words would not differ from the ones he had given the other young men. "Then, Éomer, son of Éomund and Théodwyn, know that Rohan accepts you in her service. Your vow has been heard, and the way you see to its fulfilment shall determine how you will be remembered." The king nodded, and even though he fought, the surrounding people could here the emotion in his voice. "You will join Captain Elfhelm's éored, and the Eastmark will be your realm to protect. Hail, young rider of Rohan!" He watched as Éomer directed his steed over to what was now the éored he was part of with an expression of glowing pride, and a bitter feeling of loss overwhelmed him. After the festivities of tonight, it would be a while before he would see his nephew again, and even with Elfhelm's vow to protect the young man echoing in his mind, Théoden could not help feeling dread over having committed yet another member of his dwindling family to the horrors of war. It was not right to send their children into battle, and possibly see them die before their parents. The gods could be cruel indeed, and Théoden asked himself not for the first time whether he would live to see the end of their struggle. As the formal barriers of riders and citizens dissolved and people moved toward the built-up stands with food and ale and music began to rise for the informal part of the celebration, the king's gaze went up to the sky above them, and the dark clouds gathering in the distance…