a glint of gold across the arena capTúring his attention. The soldier studied the female, from tightly bound hair to well-made boots. Both boys followed his gaze, staring dumbfounded at the girl. As they attempted to react, the soldier motioned for them to stay still. Aira swallowed uncertainly at his approach, her nerve fraying. Remembering the sting of potential punishments, she fortified her mind and tilted her head in acknowledgment. "Greetings, Lady Aira." "Greetings, Captain Vîramar. I prefer to not be called that." "But it is your title." "I never asked for it," she said softly. "How did you recognize me?" "Few wear the gold stag of Dorómal, or your brother Imlach's cuirass. I am sure he would appreciate its return," he said, frowning. "You trained him?" she asked. "No. I served with him when he first joined the Guard. How do you know who I am?" She lowered her gaze. "Hallas pointed you out once, and Melle told me where to find you." Vîramar responded hesitantly, "Why would she guide you here?" "I wish to enter training under your supervision," she paused, drawing a deep breath. "So I may become a soldier of Arcúnalin." His face remained unmoving, every feature locked in position. She clenched her fists, pouring her will into returning the stare. "Why?" "Excuse me?" she asked. "Melle said you are the only one who treats her equal, not to be downtrodden or pitied because of birth. Despite your positions, you respected one another like sisters, and hoped to join Guard together. Why?" Aira stuttered, overwhelmed by his bluntness. "My brothers both serve. I want to bring honor to my house like they do." "You lie, Lady Aira," he said. "The strength of your house lies not in your loyalty to duty, but the fire of your hearts. It gave your ancestors the unfaltering ability to survive and lead. I am oathbound to protect it. If you cannot follow your instincts, I will not train you." "I do not need to be protected," she said. Her face smoldered as she stepped closer. "All my life, I sat in a cage, watching my life go by unlived. My family stuck me there out of terror. I befriended Melle because she helped me see past it. We use hope to break free the shackles of fear in the face of shadow. I do not need defense, but strength. If I do not claim it, if you do not train me, then my clipped wings will keep me spiraling earthward. One day I will hit the bottom. I don't need to be the best like Melle, just strong." "Now you're being honest." Vîramar smiled. "The Indûrion have greater ability than you realize." "I don't see it," she said. "I will guide you," he said suddenly. "You will do everything I say, even if it may kill you." Aira examined his stern features, courage surging into her veins like a tidal wave. "Yes, sir." "We'll begin now," said Vîramar. He pointed wayward to the two ogling teenage boys. "I want you to best them in a fight." S/N (Story Notes) -Nénimë: the second month in the calendars of the Men of Middle-earth. It runs from about modern day 22 January to 20 February. -"Mellon": (Sindarin): "friend". -Cuirass: piece of armor constructed from rigid material, which covers the torso (chest). Think Faramir's leather one with the White Tree from The Two Towers movie. -Dorómal: A province of Númenor. -"Daro!" (Sindarin): "Stop!" Character notes: Hallas, Imlach and Aira are the children of Iradan Indûrion and Elrîn (his wife). Captain Elored from the prologue is Iradan and Istoan's father. This is Aira's biological family. She and her brothers were raised by foster parents named Selethryth Caeadan and Caranthir. The Caeadan family lives in Núnhel. Aira is her common/familiar name, though she was named Irien at birth. Most of the characters appearing in the story have a birth name and common name (due to social standards), but I will not cover this. Arcúnalin is a province in the territory of Anórien, within Gondor. It extends from the meeting point of the Rivers Entwash and Anduin, to the edges of Amon Din and Drúadan forest. The Indûrion are the ruling house of this province, with Iradan as its lord. Haemuin is the central town ("capital") of Arcúnalin. Dates. I strongly advise you pay attention to these or look back from time to time. No, I didn't typo any of them. I apologize for any discrepancies in language or names. I have worked on this story for many years. I will try to catch iffy things where possible. This story builds another structure within the Lord of the Rings. I will try to explain where I can, but I will leave the rest up to you reader. I will provide a resource page for this story. If you have any questions, feel free to ask! .-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-. Author's Note: An introduction is mandated for readers starting this story. This story has developed over a period of seven years and nearly two hundred pages of family trees, plot lines, notes, and painstaking research. It took a very long time to begin writing it, since the task and story seemed insurmountable. Inspired by the mastermind of Middle-earth, the history I created for The Black Crown spans millennia and nearly a thousand characters. The aim was to explore the events inside and contributing to the setting of the Lord of the Rings series, especially through the eyes of independent observers. My goal took on a life of its own, spawning a large creation for the world which captured my heart. PS: It is highly recommended that you have read some of Tolkien's work, at least Lord of the Rings. There will be a lot of canon material in here, but keep in mind this is fan-fiction. I will clarify material and facts where I can, including ones used for my own purposes. I will answer any questions, feel free to ask!