for odd shapes that shouldn't be there. Her blue eyes found a big one immediately. A spot on the hill that seemed to suck in light, but not give it back. She moved forward cautiously, dagger held tightly, but stopped short as the figure snorted and the distinct sound of a hoof striking the earth in impatience or maybe anger reached her ears. The young woman felt some tension drain out of her body. This wasn't an enemy...but what was going on? She moved forward again, steps light and advanced up the hill. Details could be made out as she crept forward and Kaia felt a small smile start to form on her face. It was him! A powerful body, blacker then the night stood before her and gleaming, dark eyes she knew to be gold in the day watched her warily. Kaia stilled again, now about four feet away and took a slow breath. What now? She'd tried approaching before with no success... The stallion seemed to be just as undecided as she was, edging back, but then stopping and perking his ears. This she-human...interested him. He just didn't know why. There was nothing remarkable special about her as far as he could tell. Her form and voice were like many other humans, though, admittedly her steps were lighter and he'd never seen a human with red hair in this land. The horse snorted again softly, but took a step forward against his better judgment. Then again, his judgment didn't seem to be what was pulling him right now. He laid his ears back slightly, keeping eye-contact with the she-human as he took yet another dancing step forward and then another. This was insane! What was he doing? And yet he couldn't seem to stop. The young woman seemed to watch him as warily and with as much interest as he was giving her. Kaia took a slow step forward, but stopped as the black horse stepped back again. So it would seem she had to wait for him. She was all right with that. She smiled and spoke softly, watching the stallion's ears come forward swiftly at her voice. "You look as confused as I feel. Why are you here? I don't think you want to be, strange as that sounds. I couldn't sleep for thought of you and then you woke me." She had kept her body relaxed and her voice soft, watching the horse as he slowly crept forward. The nose that bumped her arm before pulling away swiftly almost startled her. Kaia stayed still, looking into cautious gold eyes with her own amused blue. "I'm not going to hurt you, Morroch." He stilled. Morroch. It was the second time she had called him that. Darkhorse. The horse made a noise between a sigh and snort as he stretched his nose out again toward the she-human. It was his turn to feel startled at the hand that reached out to meet him half-way. The stallion jerked back, but as the hand made no move to follow or retreat, he came forward again, gold eyes always on the young woman. Kaia's smile widened as her fingers ran gently over the black muzzle under her hand. Warmth spread from her fingers right up her arm and then seemed to engulf her body before fading. The stallion appeared to have felt something as well because the tension had drained out of his stance, gold eyes glazing slightly before he raised his head once more, backing away. The young woman had to wonder at the pang of loss as she watched the horse gallop off into the darkness once more. "Kaia, are you well?" The young woman started, looking up from the rope she'd been braiding...or had thought she was braiding...to see her brother's concerned dark brown eyes looking at her. Ethon had been watching his youngest sibling for a few minutes now, nay a few days, and he couldn't help but notice the dark rings under her eyes or the way she seemed to have little energy about her. Yawns were frequently puncturing her activities. Now Kaia blinked at him and seemed to come back from wherever her mind had wandered. A small smile. "I'm fine. Just tired." "So I've noticed. What I'm interested in is why." Kaia's blue eyes flickered out to the plains and gentle rolling hills. The sun was starting to set, making the grass turn a brilliant gold, warmth bathing the earth in light before the coming night. The young woman leaned back against the barn wall and looked over at her eldest brother. She told him almost everything, but could she trust him with this? Could she trust him to be her friend at this moment and not her over-protective brother? Ethon smiled and nudged her shoulder with his own as he sat. "What's on your mind, Kaia?" "The stallion, the black one...he keeps visiting, coming in the night. I always wake up. I always hear his call." "Call?" She heard the worry in the question, the surprise. "Well, it seems like a call to me. I always feel...a pull, a desire to go meet him." Kaia studied her brother. "Is...should I be alarmed?" She never felt any danger or fear, but was she merely not seeing the harm in this? Ethon seemed to think hard on the question, his brown eyes tracing the familiar land around them, his fingers twitching with the circles of his thoughts. Finally the man spoke. "Kaia, you're almost twenty-two years of age. You're not a child anymore and so it is nigh time I stopped treating you as one, me and father both." The young woman listened quietly, feeling some surprise but also warmth as he continued. "I cannot say that I understand your interest in this stallion, but if your heart bids you do this then I will not hinder you. Nor will I tell father or our brothers about this. I leave that up to you."