delivering messages- she was single minded in that fashion. The city was shaking itself awake. People milled about setting up their stalls along the main way. The houses here were further spaced from each other and were made from pale stones. The streets here were well paved. Two guards on their way to their station bowed to the Prince. A servant girl rushed from her mistress's side. Aranel could smell lemon cakes in the air and spied a woman selling them. Her stomach rumbled aloud. Blushing, she excused herself. The Prince, smile now on his face, maneuvered her towards a stall. "Forgive me my Lady. I feel as though I have been remiss as a host." He bought two lemon cakes from a woman (who batted her eyelashes at the Prince with such fervor Aranel hoped her eyes would not fall off) and gave one to Aranel. "Thank you," Aranel said smiling a full smile. It was thoughtful of him. He bought one too, probably to make it less awkward for her. He smiled back. His teeth were straight and white. Aranel flushed and busied herself with the pastry. The pastry was soft, tangy, and danced on her tongue. It had been too long since she had a delicacy. She held back a sigh of pleasure. The Prince however did not. "This is divine," he groaned. "Wait a moment. I wish to buy more." He ran back to the stall and brought the rest of the tray. Aranel did not hold back her laugh. He walked back a moment later with a bright smile on his face. "Father will enjoy these." Aranel's smile fell as she thought of the man she used to call Father. When he was alive, she did the same for him- she bought him treats and baubles she thought he would enjoy and find useful. No longer could she enjoy the same privilege as the Prince beside her. She was alone in that regard. The rest of the walk was quiet; sensing her mood, the prince did not speak. "No thank you," Aranel replied. Had she spoken to any other person above her station in the same manner, she would have been struck for her impudent tone. For his part, Aragorn simply sighed tiredly. He ran a hand through his dark locks and turned sideways to get assurance from Arwen. Beautiful and as ethereal as ever, the Evenstar was dressed simply in plain blue. She smiled at her husband reassuringly. The Evenstar, in addition to being Queen, was the King's adviser as well. Arwen was seated- with all of the poise that Aranel did not possess. Her hair was unbound and she wore no circlet- though the king was just as relaxed in his simple red tunic and black leggings. If anyone from the commons came to see them, Aranel was sure they would confuse Prince Imrahil (who was seated beside a stony Lothíriel) for King Elessar. "The Princess needs a guard Aranel." Aranel let her hands trail over the design on the shawl Arwen draped on her. It was beautiful. Lighter than air but warmer than wool, the blue shawl had embroidery done by Arwen herself. As soon as they finished their bows, prince Amrothos- much to Aranel's embarrassment- had told them that she was cold and hungry. After a quick meal of eggs and toast, Aranel was confronted by the King. "Maybe so but I am a lowly woman and Prince Imrahil's family may be much more comfortable with a man guarding the Princess," Aranel replied. Lothíriel moved to Aranel's side. Up until now, she had been subdued and sullen. From the look on her face, Aranel had no doubt that Lothíriel had been chastened by her father. She took Aranel's hands in her own. Her hands were soft and white- the hands of a true princess- though Aranel did feel a few callouses, mostly in the forefinger and thumb. Perhaps the Princess was not lying when she said she knew how to wield a bow. "You are my own kin Aranel," Aragon replied. "You are the niece of Halbarad and you have traveled with the Rangers since childhood." "I will not go unless you are there with me. You have proven yourself worthy," Lothíriel said. The stormy depths of her eyes were filled with some glimmer of hope. "And I would not send you if you were not worthy," Aragorn supplied. Aranel felt her resolve break. "Will I only be her escort until we reach Rohan or do I start immediately?" Aranel asked. She made the mistake of looking up at Aragorn as he smiled triumphantly. She curbed her urge to throw something at her liege lord. "You will start from tomorrow as Lothíriel's personal guard," Imrahil replied in his rich voice. The Prince of Dol Amroth looked pensive for a moment. "Given the circumstances of present events," at this he shot a stern look at Lothíriel, who in turn flinched violently, "I have hoped that you will be able to provide a closer eye on her and protect her if the need should arise." Aranel raised a brow. "Do you expect an attempt on her life in the city?" "No," here Imrahil smiled warmly "but my children are oft unpredictable and it will take you some time to get used to them." "What have I gotten myself into," Aranel muttered. Aragorn laughed. A.N.: What have I gotten myself into? Thank you for reading the first chapter. It's been a long time! I want to thank Lialathuveril who read this story in it's very rough draft about 6-7 years ago (Oh crap) and gave me some great advice. I've put this down and picked this up again so many times since then but nothing beats studying like a test than writing a some LOTR fanfiction. Anyway, please take care of me and continue to support my work. I still don't know how this will end- but it's a whole new ballgame. Best, KS