"I will not sail," he says, and his voice is as casual as his stance. "Not yet." "You will watch us all die," I blurt, and I do not know if this is a question. He looks back at me, standing diagonally behind him, and smiles grimly. "My days with you are limited. Do not ask me to cut them shorter than they are." This time I do sigh with relief, and I hate myself for it. "When-" I hesitate, unwilling to let my joy show. "When will you next visit, then?" He does not look up from his interested gaze in the seaweed. "How long do you have?" I grimace. "Two years, maybe three at most. I am hale for my age, but I am nearing the end." "Make it three." He squares his shoulders, and looks up toward the horizon again. "And don't die until I get there." I stare. "Are you serious?" He looks back. His face is bland. "You will deny me your company until my dying breath? Truly?" Looking at his face, I realize that he is perfectly serious. "Knowing you, you will probably let yourself go and die if you're content." He tilts his head slightly. "But knowing you, you will hang on like an angry mule until you're content." For a moment I consider showing him how physical an angry mule can be. But he seems to read my thoughts. "Besides," he adds, disinterestedly, "your wife and children need you to live as long as humanly possible." I stare again. "Much as I loathe not seeing you," he says, looking away, "I'll live." Unlike Arwen. I open my mouth, attempting to dissuade him from his rather harsh plan, but catch myself. I can only guess at how much pain this resolve would bring him – seeing me alive is his reason for fighting the call of the sea after all – and if he had come to such a resolve despite his pains, I am no one to sway it. I only nod. Suddenly feeling young and lost again, I raise my hand and clasp his shoulder. He watches with a light in his quiet eyes, as he always had. "Thank you," I murmur. His eyes hold a smile. "Don't take too long." "I intend to take as long as absolutely possible, human." I snort. He raises a brow. I cuff his shoulder. He twists my arm and I attempt to trip him in the water. He glances back to the shore, where Gimli is standing still. I have no desire to imagine the look on his face. I release the elf and straighten myself. The elf brings his hands up to rake his fingers through his hair, a habit I had seen identically performed by his father. "You should head back," he says. "Can't have your frail old body buckling with water pressure." "Ha." Together we begin to wade back to shore. I keep my hand on his arm, though I do not need the support – there is relief there, knowing that there is immortal life coursing under that skin, an unstoppable heart still beating beneath that weary serenity. That something of that bright youth we had once shared still lives on. "I still wish –" I pause. "I wish you would not be left alone in the end." The elf looks directly ahead, no doubt already reading the dwarf's expression. I can only see the furiousness of his pacing. "I won't be," he murmurs. I glance at him, and my heart twists with the knowledge that he will live an eternity in loss. And even so, he comforts us mortals in our guilt. My gentle elf... who will comfort you in your time of grief? But the elf continues to look onward, watching the dwarf. "I won't be," he murmurs again, almost a whisper. "Took you long enough!" The dwarf shouts as soon as we are within hearing range. He comes sloshing into the water, huffing through his whitened beard. "This isn't a dip in the hot springs, you know!" "Sorry, Gimli." The elf smiles. The dwarf growls and takes his arm, and drags him – and by default, me also – out of the water. I realize the elf is still smiling. And then, it hits. The dwarf's unexplained patience, when he, too, must be reaching the end of his time. His willingness to allow the elf to turn his back to him and wade away, far away, and the elf's willingness to leave him behind for hours at a time. The distinct lack of a certain promise to stay alive until the elf came to visit at the deathbed. Stupefied, I stare at the dwarf. And then I turn, feeling the elf's knowing gaze. He smiles at me briefly before turning to accept a cloak from Gimli. I watch the dwarf fuss over the elf, twisting out seawater from the elf's sleeves and throwing a dry cloth over the elf's shoes before sand begins to stick on them. The elf accepts the attention with a mild smile and a light banter. My heart races with the sheer impossibility of such a dream. Such outrage – such defiance. And yet – knowing these two – "Come, Aragorn," Legolas calls, trotting after the dwarf. "Gimli's cooking has improved since the last time we camped!" "My cooking is above improvement, princeling," huffs the dwarf, striding ahead toward the grass. The elf catches up with him, and waves at me to follow, and laughs at another comment from the dwarf. My heart swells, and I burst with a tickling in my skin. The end will come, it undoubtedly will – but perhaps, it may not be so unbearable after all. With renewed strength in my steps, I follow the laughing elf and the grumbling dwarf. , , , The End , , , Author's Note : If you squint, you will find that Legolas quotes Oropher's words from Road to Redemption .