What ? What on earth was that foolish Bucklander about? They had been doing no such thing!But he had no time to comment on the mistake (nor would he have under the circumstances) because the King turned his steady, grey-eyed gaze upon him and he soon forgot about anything except how tight his collar suddenly was. "Good day to you my good hobbit. I wanted to meet the cooks who had prepared the food for our welcoming feast and have been directed in particular to yourself by your fellow workers." Farlibar gulped loudly. Directed to him by his fellow workers, indeed! If everyone knew one of the hobbits had poisoned royalty, he'd bet his best Sunday roast the others couldn't get the King to him fast enough! A curse on them all! He would haunt their kitchens and ruin their dishes after his execution. They would never find joy near a stove again! He would…. "… and to thank you for all the hard work and great effort you have made to make us all feel welcome here." What? Had he heard right? Had the King said 'thank you'? He hadn't heard properly, lost in vengeful fantasies as he'd been. Perhaps the King didn't know he was the chief suspect in poisoning his son? Should he remain quiet and hope to escape imminent exposure in order to redeem himself with producing examples of his mushroom masterpiece? Or should he do the decent thing and make himself known? Perhaps if he threw himself at the King's mercy he'd give him a chance to prove himself? " 'Thank you ', your Majesty sir? I'm not sure I understand your Royalness - is the little Prince recovered?" The other two hobbits were trying to slink away quietly now that the King's attention was fully focussed on Farlibar, but after the cook's rather curious question the man suddenly placed a firm hand on a shoulder of each of them before replying to the cook, effectively halting their escape. "Recovered? He is in perfect health and has been all day. Indeed my son was in very high spirits when I left him last." Now Farlibar was really confused. Who was sick then? "Is everyone else in good health your Majesty, sir?" "Your concern for my party is most kind, dear hobbit, but they are all in very good health. I believe I do not yet know your name, my friend." Farlibar blushed at his impropriety and bowed, stammering so much in his haste to apologise for his short sightedness that he could barely talk. "F.. F.. Farl… Farlibar! Farlibar Barleyburn at your service…" "…and your family's." finished the King, smiling comfortingly at him. "Tell me, Master Barleyburn, where did you come upon the idea that my son or any other guest was taken ill?" "You…you mean they're not your Royal…eh…Royalness?" stammered the cook. "Not one." The cook from Frogmorton looked at Master and Thain with dawning comprehension. The two hobbits appeared rather guilty and the King's knuckles paled as he tightened his grip on them. He wasn't about to meet his doom! His head would stay on his shoulders and he wouldn't disgrace his kindly employer, Mistress Goodenough! His eyes narrowed. They had been playing a trick on him! Trying to fool him into baking more of his magnificent mushrooms for them! Why of all the cheek! And the Thain in on it too? He'd expect no less from that plague of a Bucklander, but the Thain ? The King had appeared to take stock of the situation and realised his two friends had been up to some mischief. But instead of letting them go as Farlibar had expected due to their obvious bond, his hands remained gripped on their shoulders and his eyes twinkled at Farlibar before surveying the tent. "Well Master Farlibar, it appears that you have your hands full with all those dishes. In fact, I would say that you have more than you can reasonably handle. Perhaps you would care for some assistance? I know my good friends Merry and Pippin here would be delighted to help you and the others in your efforts to clean up and prepare for afternoon tea?" Merry and Pippin blanched at the idea of this, having spotted the hot glare the cook sent them. And so they should , he thought. Here's me thinking I half-killed a royal lad, thinking my head's not long for my own shoulders, imagining what grass tastes like and getting myself into a right flap about one of my best meals! His jaw set in determination as they eyed him warily. "Now that you mention it I'd be glad of some help, your Royal Lordship." His mind whirled as he thought about how he would punish them for their cheek and scaring years off his life. And maligning his cooking! Again! "Splendid! Well my friends, I shall leave you all to your busy work for I must make haste to the Royal Tent. I await a meeting with a dear old friend and wish to see to some comforts for him before he arrives." The cook watched as he turned to the gentry. "Merry, Pippin, please see to it that you follow all of Master Barleyburn's directions for he is the King of this particular realm and you would do well not to cross him." The two hobbits smiled uncertainly in reply and Farlibar felt a thrill of pure satisfaction. As the King thanked him once more for his delicious repast - a King ! Thanking him for his delicious repast! - and turned to leave, Farlibar bowed at him as best he could then straightened himself. And he smiled wickedly at the remaining hobbits… XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Author's Note: Farlibar Barleyburn is (obviously) an OC, his name is entirely fictitious and does not stem from any other family in the Shire. This was (also) supposed to be a oneshot, but now it appears that a second chapter is necessary. Oh well.