moments which felt like centuries, a chilled silence descended upon the Elves; even the forest, and the creatures within, it acceded to its pervasive presence. The telltale clout of soft hoof-beats on the old, dirt road shattered that stillness, resonating throughout the quiet woods. On horseback, Minuial approached Thranduil and his soldiers, crossing the chasm between Ellith and Ellyn. When the horse and its rider reached them, she directed her steed to veer left then stop at Thranduil's side. "Thranduil…?" asked she. He lifted his head, turning it aside so that the Ellyn could not see his face clearly. In the moonlight, tears glistened in his bright, blue eyes. It was the first time she had seen him in suffer from such terrible, heart wrenching grief. And yet…for her, he allowed a smile to touch the corners of his lips. "It is good," said he, taking her slender hand in his rough, callused hands, "to see a beautiful face after so many years surrounded, always , by the ugly faces and horrid stench of both Ellyn and Men." She returned his gentle smile with one of her own. "Why must you always make jests, Thranduil?" "Because you are crying, Min," he answered. Minuial rubbed her other forearm against her eyes, then stared mutely at the tearstained sleeve. "We won ," Thranduil declared in a low voice. She gasped, a little. She…she hadn't expected that. When she had seen the condition of his soldiers and their prince, she had mentally prepared for the worst. But there's too few. Even with the Enemy defeated, how can he call this a victory? Minuial studied him, searching his face for the answers she sought…and the right questions. Still ageless and without blemish, he somehow looked tired, older, more prone to cares and burdens. As though the war had not just stolen so many of their kith and kin, it had also taken any last remnant of youth which he had still possessed. After blinking back more tears, Minuial studied the other Ellyn. Greyed and battered, and so few. They came home with haunted faces. Yet, she saw something hidden in their grief-stricken gazes. Buried beneath grief, she perceived both joy and hope. These were Ellyn whom were glad to be home. How could she welcome them back with tears? "But…" He kissed her hand, looking into her eyes. His gaze beseeched her to remain silent. To ask, but do so later. It promised that they, at least, still had the time. Unlike so many others… "Stay firm, Minuial," he said, his fingers curling up into her palm, then he added in a whisper, "In the days ahead, our people will need us both to be strong." For a brief moment, his face bore a pained expression, and his gaze caste to the ground below. She now understood, though the news remained unspoken. Oropher had gone to the Halls of Mandos, but the prince, not yet crowned king in the Silvan fashion, did not wish to speak of his grief, his own sorrow. He could not, Minuial realized, at least not now. The Silvan would now look to him for leadership, for guidance, for stability. For hope. When those who had remained in the kingdom found out that only a remnant had returned…they would all need his strength. But they will not just look to him for those things , she thought. Ice ran down her spine, making her shiver. They will look to us. To…me. She would no longer marry the Silvan's prince; she would wed their king. That thought terrified her. She was not all that good at leadership. She knew that. Saeltur's tired glances and heavy sighs were ongoing signs of the advisor's disapproval of some of her choices. Though he was longsuffering, she was certain his patience with her was beginning to fray. A small part of her wished to flee, to cross the Misty Mountains and settle in Imladris or perhaps, even Lindon, where she might catch the song of the seagulls and cross the Great Sea. Yet she could not, Minuial decided, allow Thranduil to bare his burdens alone. She would be brave, for his sake. Even a frail woman, Minuial thought, can take part of a heavy burden. 000 * Emyn Duir: As mentioned in the Unfinished Tales , they were the mountains in northern Greenwood where Oropher settled after he abandoned Amon Lanc. I personally think that happened around the same time that the Elves of Eregion fought the forces of Sauron (in the Sack of Eregion, 1695-97 SA; part of the War of the Elves and Sauron 1693-1701), not just because he was mad at Galadrial for settling in Lothlorien. Oropher may not have liked her, but he lived in Doriath while she did; thus, I find that fleeing from a war makes a lot more sense. Oropher abandoned Amon Lanc to protect his people, because he, like Thranduil, was a good king. A/N: In most war-torn societies, especially ones where most of their men are far from home for a long time (the War of the Last Alliance took about fifteen years to complete, and Oropher took most of his realm's Ellyn with him, even Galion probably wasn't spared), women often had to take up the roles that men had performed for their society to function. This doesn't mean these changes were permanent, but it did often cause interesting changes (women as nurses and office workers were, in fact, some of the eventual results of the American Civil War). Thus, it's only reasonable to assume that even Elves—especially the Silvan of Greenwood—face these same consequences… Also, there IS actually a reason that Glorfindel is listed as a character. He'll be in the next chapter. Hehehe. I'm not sure how well-written this…errr…relationship is, I'm sure at least someone will claim that Minuial is a Sue (because one chapter makes a Sue, obviously). But for those who made it to the end, thank you for staying put!