his own, sadness filling them. Elladan stopped abruptly, bending down to be at her height. "Tell me what's wrong." Serethiel sniffed slightly, eyes starting to look suspiciously bright. "I'm sorry." The quiet words were accompanied by a scoffing of her foot, her eyes finding the floor. Two cool gentle fingers were placed beneath her chin, raising her face so she had to meet Elladan's eye's. "Whatever for?" "I couldn't do it, I'm not as good as an elf. I'm not even as good as Estel!" Serethiel's voice came out as a pained wail, causing Elladan to close his eyes for a moment. The two edain had both had their moments of uncertainty; they lived in a place surrounded by perfection while they could never be perfect. It was a hard burden for such young ones and would only get worse before it got better, if it ever did. "You did nothing wrong, tithen pen. You will get better with practice, Estel is just better at this than you are. Like you are better than him at learning all the different languages that ada is always trying to teach you." Elladan's soft words seemed do have their intended effect as the young edain slowly nodded. "So, sometimes I'm best, and sometimes he is." "Better, and yes that is true." Serethiel ignored the correction, but instead smiled blindingly at her beloved brother before grabbing his hand, forcing him to continue their walk through the halls of the Last Homely House. Elladan let out a breath, happy that at least one fear had been put to rest, for now. Elrond glanced up from the pre-dinner glass of wine as his eldest and youngest walked through the door. Elladan left Serethiel with Elrohir and Estel before stepping over to his father. "After dinner, we need to talk. Serethiel feels she always must compare herself to the elves, and to her brother." Elladan spoke in a hushed voice, trying not to draw the attention of the two edain. Standing so close to his father, he could here the sigh that escaped the elf lord at the quiet words "Estel also tries comparing himself, although, I think it is only to the elves. We will have to do something about it. They mustn't find themselves inferior, but nor can they believe they can be like us." Elrond dreaded dealing with this particular problem, and he suspected that even if the family handled it now, the self-consciousness would not go away, and would probably crop up at the worst times. Outside the warmth of the Last Homely House, the storm had at last come. Rain fell in sheets and the wind howled. Only the power of Vilya was keeping the Bruinen from jumping her banks and starting to flood the surrounding areas, even as it was, it swirled dangerously if anyone wandered to close to it. Inside, the elves were enjoying light merrymaking in the Hall of Fire. Serethiel and Estel were curled up and the foot of their father's chair, dark and reddish hairs intermixing on the elf lords lap. The hour grew late for the two young ones, and Elrond knew he should take his leave soon, though he was loathe to disturb the two. It was rare that they were so peaceful in their sleep; even now their dreams were to often plagued by nightmares. Glorfindel glanced up at his lord from his place near the fire, a smile touching his lips at the sight of the two edain resting at his feet. All too soon, they would both grow, and such serenity would be rare. Shaking away the dark thoughts of the future, he nodded his head at the two children at Elrond's feet, one eyebrow rising in question. Elrond nodded in response, before leaning down and gathering both small children into his arms. Standing carefully, he made his way out of the Hall; Glorfindel and Erestor would ensure that all went well for the remainder of the evening. Arriving at the twins' room, he felt Serethiel stir in his arms. She blinked blearily up at him, trying to decide where she was, before nuzzling back into Elrond's robes, one hand stretching out to find her brother's. Gently laying them on the large bed, he changed them into sleep clothes and settled them into bed. A kiss was bestowed on each forehead, before the elven lord stepped out of the room, only leaving a small candle in the corner lit, so if the twins woke in the night, it wouldn't be dark. Instead of going back down to the festivities, Elrond made his way to his study, and was not at all surprised to find his eldest awaiting him. Elladan had a glass of wine in hand and was staring pensively into the fire. The elder elf sighed, it was going to be a long evening, neither elf would see a bed until late into the night, while they discussed the matter of the edain and their feelings of inadequacy. TBC… Elvish Translations: Ada - father Tithen pen - little one edain - human Reviews from To Lose and To Gain: childofthekng I'm glad I got the twin interaction down good, I was basing it off a couple friends of mine. More interaction will be coming in the future stories. Haline It may be done, but more will be coming. I have a lot of adventures planned for future stories, have no fear. HannahCimsGwendolyn Ok, you convinced me to continue with them younger, then go into the older stories. Don't worry if I jump into their young adulthood, though. I have a few ideas for them as children, and they will be written. I just don't know when. whitedino I will have childhood stories, I just don't know how many and in what order they will be written. They may be 5 in one, then 25, then 8, so don't worry, we will find out what kind of trouble they found in Rivendell.