around him, singing just for him and Mr Frodo - and it filled him with another burst of energy. Rising unsteadily to his feet, Sam held aloft the Phial of Galadriel and sang his defiance to the spawn of Ungoliant: A Elbereth Gilthoniel o menel palan-diriel, le nallon sí di'nguruthos! A tiro nin, Fanuilos! " Now come, you filth!" he cried. "You've hurt my master, you brute, and you'll pay for it. We're going on; but we'll settle with you first. Come on, and taste it again!" The Lady's Starglass responded to his words and all the light of the stars seemed to pour out from the Phial. The great spider reared in terror at the sight, attempting to ward off the terrible threat by flailing its front legs before it. But Sam was having none of it. He advanced on the spider as it turned, lumbering in retreat toward the nearest cave, and he made certain that the light of the Phial followed his enemy as surely as he would follow his master to the mountain of fire. For as long as it was still in sight, Sam staggered after it. The gardener's hideous foe grew ever more agitated by his persistent attack, and its attempts to reach the safety of its dark home as quickly as its various injuries would allow became increasingly frantic. Yet Sam would not desist. He waved the Phial and swung his sword, managing a final smack with the blade of Westernesse against trailing legs as the hissing brute finally disappeared into the pit of despair it called its home. It did not come back out. 000 When his revelation was at an end, Gandalf filled another pipe and set the leaf to burn as his companion sat in wondrous awe absorbing the details he had been privy to. Five minutes passed without comment, but immortal beings have long learned the value of patience and so it was that the White Wizard was finally rewarded when the elf burst into song that gladdened the war weary hearts of all who heard it. "I take it you approve?" he queried when the last note finally receded into the night. "Approve?" laughed the joyous Prince. "It is the most blessed news I have had since Aragorn told us the hobbits would live!" His fair face shone with happiness and Gandalf laughed. "So what you are saying is that it is the best news you have had in a mere two days?" "Try as you may, you shall not vex me again this night with your teasing, Mithrandir!" "Then I shall have to try harder my friend. For I have still not told you of how he stormed a castle full of orcs armed with little more than his own wits and the One Ring." "The Ring? An entire castle of orcs?" said the astounded Legolas. "Are you saying that Sam, too, was a Ringbearer?" "I suppose I am," said Gandalf, omitting to mention that most of the afore-mentioned orcs had already been dead before the gardener even entered the Tower of Cirith Ungol. Why spoil Legolas' fun? Or his own, for that matter … "But I shall say no more of that until we are all gathered together; so for now, you must content yourself with the fate of the dreadful spider of Cirith Ungol." "Then content I shall be - for the moment. It is happy news indeed to hear of such a feat! My father must know of this! Although the creature dwelled not in his realm, his will rejoice that this most terrible of foes was cowed by the wrath of an angry hobbit! I would not be surprised if he invited Samwise to our home to rid us of all her offspring and make the Green Woods great once more!" They laughed at the thought of an angry Sam brandishing Sting and running through Mirkwood while an eager Thranduil encouraged him ever onwards from the southern lairs at Dol Guldur to their northern forest webs. "I do not doubt for an instant that he would do it too, if asked by a friend," said Gandalf. "But let us give him time to recover before we send him on another adventure, shall we?" "As you wish," answered Legolas, still smiling widely. "But I cannot promise to give my father as much time before sending him this wonderful news! And it will not be as long either before Master Gamgee's deed is put into song and spread throughout the woods of my home for all to marvel at. May the Valar always shine their favour upon him and his beloved master!" "A wish I am certain they shall be happy to fulfil, Thranduillion," said Gandalf as he exhaled another cloud of Old Toby. And Legolas laughed once more as the fragrant smoke took the shape of a curled up spider. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Translation: A Elbereth Gilthoniel O Elbereth Star-kindler o menel palan-díriel, from heaven gazing afar, le nallon sí di'-nguruthos! to thee I cry now beneath the shadow of death! A tíro nin, Fanuilos! O look towards me, Everwhite! Author's Note: The song of Elbereth and Sam's words directly after it are taken straight from The Two Towers, Book 4, Chapter 10: The Choices of Master Samwise. This is another story I've always wanted to read somewhere, but never found. Sam's fight with Shelob, protecting his beloved Frodo, is downright inspirational and deserves an airing of its own. I thought the tie-in with the spiders of Mirkwood might be a good enough reason to have Gandalf discuss the deed with its Prince before he spoke of it with anyone else. I'm not as well acquainted with the characters of Gandalf or Legolas as (I like to think) I am with the hobbits and Mirkwood is not my strong point, but I hope you enjoyed this anyway. Please leave (even a short) review if you did - it will be my only reward! Kara's Aunty ;)