head!" she argued, and swatted him in jest. Immediately, she withdrew her hand and moved away, making a face. "Okay you really need a bath!" Laughing, Seth said, "Alright I promise I'll have one by the time I come back." Seeing her bewilderment, he added, "You are coming with Cara and I to the mall, no excuses! You've been stuck on the farm for two weeks." "With good reason!" she snapped, and then seemed horrified with herself. "Sorry. Fine, I'll tag along. You're not the only one on my case about getting out for awhile. Now let's go get the mare and get you out of here before I change my mind." Seth grinned and offered her a hand up and she led him in the direction of the stables. .-.-.-. It was ten o'clock at night when Seth's car pulled up on the gravel driveway in front of the Creek Halls farmhouse. Rain drummed heavily upon the roof of the car and Eva looked through the window in disdain. "Better hurry or you'll get soaked," Seth said half-humorously. "Or caked with mud," she said, smiling at him. "Cara sure loved that little story about you and the cow poop." "Sure, you just had to make me look bad." "I knew it!" Eva said teasingly. "It's so cute. I knew you had a thing for her." "Yeah, and you're not going to say anything about it!" "Or what?" Seth ignored her and peered out the window in the direction of the fields. He turned back toward her, seeming worried. "Be careful, it's one of those dark nights…" "What are you talking about?" Eva asked, then lifting an eyebrow as she thought about it. "You don't mean-" "It's perfect setting for Elena Lock to pay a visit!" Seth said evilly, raising his hands and making a face. "They say a hundred years ago, heartbroken and insane, she threw herself into the waters near Creek Halls, bringing a dreadful curse upon those who dare disturb her!" Eva snorted and shook her head. "Seth, you heard that when we were thirteen from Aunt Maggie. That was just a myth she brought up just so you wouldn't toilet paper our trees on Halloween!" "Well it worked!" "Good night, Seth," she said, rolling her eyes and getting out of the car. She splashed through a puddle of mud and up the steps, waving at him over her shoulder. With a quick jangle of her keys the door opened and she went into the nice and dry house. Quickly, she took off her windbreaker and shoes, both were completely soaked from the downpour. She glimpsed at her watch and gasped as she saw the time. Automatically, she went to the hall and stalked to her Uncle's bedroom, silently opening the door. The hall light behind her threw dim light into the room, allowing her to see. To her relief the dinner tray she had left for him was completely eaten and sitting on a nearby table. The sound of snoring came from the bed. "Night, Uncle John," she whispered, closing the door. Trying to make as little noise as possible, she left the hall for the stairs and went up. Unfortunately the stairs creaked under her feet, making her wince at the racket that only stopped once she reached the top. Weary from her long day, she could not help hurrying to her room and half flinging the door open when her hand was upon the knob. Fumbling around, she attempted to locate her lamp and in the process, bumped and knocked over several fencing and equestrian trophies. "Shit!" With another blind grope, she finally found her lamp and flicked it on. An aggravated "meow" startled her, before she saw the white cat stretched out on the windowsill. "Nahar, you scared me out of my wits!" she said, bending over to pick up the trophies. The cat only responded with another "meow" and then sat watching her change into pajamas. Slowly she walked over and picked up her cat from the sill and gazed out the window, nuzzling him. The wind still howled outside, causing tree branches to scratch at the house. Not far from her viewpoint, she could see the rain pouring down, overflowing the creek and swimming pond. The water seemed dark and menacing as it thrashed with the rain and rushed on. Thoughts of Elena Lock and her dead aunt lying there in the field flashed through her mind, she turned away shuddering. She went to her bed and reached for the book on her nightstand, thinking to escape for awhile into another world with the words of Tolkien. But tiredly her hand dropped from it and she flicked off the lamp instead. Eva rolled under the covers, clutching Nahar close, and drifted into sleep. Author's Preface: As an author, I did not write this story from beginning and move on from there. The overall idea hit me and the prologue was the first bit I wrote, even though it does not show up until Chapter Six. I put the prologue with this chapter because the formatting otherwise had been driving me insane. There was no real theme I wished to convey, but I came acrossthe quote (outlined at the top) that perfectly describes this story. - - - What was the deal with the Prologue? Where are Eva's parents? Why are the Hollinger's so mad at the Dale/Lynches? Who exactly was Elena Lock? Where am I going with all this? What does my title mean? All this and more in future updates of: "Of Earth and Water." A/N: Chapter one was a jump to the real beginning of my story, I just felt like starting everything off with a little suspense. I hope this provided enough to detail (for now) to get me moving, the Prologue will show up in a later chapter. 4/30/04: I fixed the layout of the story, it was nuts to have chapter 11 on the twelfth point.