prepared to lose a good friend. And now he is gone, in an in an instant. As if he never existed! I should never have known his friendship, then this wouldn't have happened! But if you can't have friendships like this, then what is the point of life, of living? If you must just lose everyone over and over, is it not better to fade? I can't stand this agony and more." His desolation ran too deep for tears. "Legolas," He was aware that he was sobbing, though, sobbing as though the breaking of the world was about him. He didn't know how this had happened! He had never cried for Aragorn, and now he was sitting here in Galadriel's garden, crying on her shoulder! He was mightily embarrassed,but he couldn't seem to stop anyway. The unshed tears poured out from eyes that had remained dry, and his voice cried out, rough and broken. He cried in great gulping sobs, for the king of the world, for a man , for his friend, and finally, for himself and his loss. And then he was done. "Legolas," Galadriel touched his face gently, and Legolas should have been embarrassed,but he was not. "You are lucky to have been part of a life that you could share. For good, for bad, you had a good relationship there. That is what life is. You cannot go through life only making things to keep on conditions. That friendship was a winner, not a loser, even if it didn't end up the way you wanted it to. It doesn't mean it wasn't worth having. If you go through your life determined to only have things end up happy, you will always be alone. And you will not have the good memories. Your friend is gone, and there is nothing that hurts worse. You have to get up now, and honor him by living. This is not my rule, it just is how it goes." Legolas managed to look at her, struck by the simple truth of that. Galadriel continued. "Grief does not go away. Your pain will always be with you. I will not lie. I hope that, with time, you will find a way to bear it, and a way to live with it. You will be able to breathe again, slowly. To do things that you used to. But it takes work. You must try. Was Aragorn worth a little pain? Would you have done anything for him?" Legolas thought a moment, his eyes narrowing. "Then knowing him an entire life was surely worth the pain of losing him, and the pain of having to pick up the pieces of your life. He would not want this for you, this end. You will fade, and soon, if you do not grab your life with both hands and fight for it. This darkness and mourning in your soul is as terrible as any foe you have fought, Legolas. Do not mistake me." Galadriel sat a moment with her hand over his, and then quietly got up and left him to his thoughts. Legolas looked around at the beauty in the garden. Tears blurred his eyes, and he knew it was time to say goodbye. He had to let go now, let go of this great weight he was carrying around. He didn't want to live, but it wasn't time to die, either. He took in the moment, saw the sun hitting the dew on the petals of all the flowers, and he wished that the pain would just go away. Maybe in time, it would. He stood up. He had other things to do, though. Tonight there was a party. He breathed in and out on last time. He was here. He was alive. Goodbye, Aragorn. Epilogue The Autumn Solstice was always a big event for the elves, and Galadriel was pleased to note that this year's celebration was no exception; in fact, it was made even more special by the dovetailing of events that some of the members of her staff had planned. She had a seat of honor at the Bounty Harvest banquet, and she and Celeborn were able to look out over the beautiful decorations, and even more importantly, the attendees. It appeared that there was a good natured dance contest going on between the gypsies and the elves, and the elves were doing their best to win. Celeborn raised his eyebrows in her direction suggestively and nodded his head towards the dance floor. Galadriel had to laugh. Not many people knew what a great dancer Celeborn was. She, however, had two left feet, and politely declined his request. He was unsurprised, and went back to his conversation with the Marchwarden, who had shown up a few moments ago from an extended border patrol. As Galadriel gazed out over the crowd, she caught sight of a handsome blond elf. He was on the fringes of the crowd, standing alone, and a gypsy girl came up to him. It appeared that they were talking about the dance, and much to Galadriel's surprise, Legolas led her out onto the floor, and very tenderly began to dance. It seemed the young elf had taken her advice, and she was glad to see it. He may not be happy yet, but he was headed in the right direction. This year's party was the best she had seen in a long time. Not only did it bring together two cultures, but she knew that a life had been saved, and that was the best Autumn Solstice you could ask for. As they celebrated a birth, and the season of bounty, she could be glad that they had another life coming into it's own new season after such a drought. Galadriel directed her gaze upward, and managed to catch the twinkle of a lone star in the sky. She smiled, reassured, and reached over to hold Celeborn's hand as she watched the revelers dance long into the night.