No one normally asked matters so deep with an elf, for elves hid far inside themselves most of the time, only coming out bravely for battle. "You must miss the green of the trees very much," Aranee commented, remembering her sole visit to Lothlorien when she was a little girl. She had gone with her mother so long ago, but she still remembered the lush greenery of the trees that stood nearly as tall as mountains. "I do," Legolas admitted, "But I am at Aragorn's disposal until he chooses to give me leave." Aranee frowned at the remark, knowing very well that she would never have had the same restraint to stay. She was not one to usually follow orders, no matter the person. She used to make quite a stir as a child, and only just followed orders from the Lord Denethor after he had threatened to have one of her close friends killed. It was a rude thing to do, and certainly uncalled for, but Aranee obeyed just for the sake of keeping her friend safe. But still, as an independent elf, who missed his home as much as he claimed, she found it strange that he would stay. "You make it sound like you serve him, Legolas? Were you not his friend first and foremost? Does that not give you precedence as just a friend and not as a soldier in his army?" "I am his friend," Legolas replied, dropping his voice slightly, "but I am also a servant of my land. As an elf I do not have to pledge allegiance towards a man king, but to a friend I would gladly help, I am willing to make that vow." He knew well that Aranee doubted his loyalty towards Aragorn, possibly because she did not know the two of them as friends and just as King and Elven warrior. In any case, Legolas was bound by friendship towards the new king, and Aranee respected that. Aranee looked over the elf's face and smiled. She liked the way his voice sounded, surprisingly, unlike anyone else she had ever talked to, other than Faramir, but he was more brother now than anything else. Legolas' voice however was strong, firm and full of respect, and yet it was also soft. It was serious, yet whimsical. She did not know how to explain it for the most part. Perhaps it was the elf in him she loved as she had always found the Elven race such a fascinating kind. Or perhaps it was the manlike qualities he possessed, the strong sense of authority, but willingness to protect his king through friendship, that made her feel more comfortable beside him. He was easy to talk to after having many months of tending to wounded soldiers and the other women healers who stayed behind to help. Legolas cleared his throat suddenly, having at last found the courage to say something, and said, "I did not want to startle you before because I did not know you my lady, but I think you are very becoming in your gown." Aranee smiled greatly, not really knowing if she had blushed or not, and she turned her head so her hair fell over her shoulder covering her face. The compliment made her stomach burn and her heart ache. She did not know why the compliment made her feel like this, but it just did. "Thank you, master elf." "Legolas," he corrected, "please, call me Legolas, My lady." "As you will call me Aranee, Legolas. I am not exactly partial to being acknowledged as a lady yet." "Yet?" he questioned, thinking she was another noblewoman of Minas Tirith and used to being acknowledged as such. He guessed wrong he supposed. "I am a healer, Legolas," Aranee explained, "therefore not accustomed to the title. I was always called Aranee before and it is what I am comfortable with. Faramir calls me Nee, but only because I let him." She was about to continue once more, but unfortunately she was interrupted Aragorn. "Lady Aranee, Faramir has told me of your wild adventures when you were younger. Is it true you set afire to your bedroom curtains just to cause distraction so as to steal food from the kitchens?" He had been deep in conversation with Faramir previously, and was intrigued at the image it brought to mind, one totally different to the present image of Aranee sitting in her pale blue gown. Aranee laughed as the memory resurfaced. It had happened when she was a little girl, a devious little girl most called her. "Aye, my lord, I did indeed do that. But I was not alone in that endeavor. As I recall, Boromir and Faramir were there right alongside me, causing distraction in their own rooms as well." Faramir laughed aloud, having been listening in on the conversation, and said, "Distraction maybe, but none as drastic as setting our window curtains aflame." "Well, nevertheless, I am not the only one to blame for that night's excursions. Pray, my lord," she said to Aragorn, "What else did the fair Faramir tell you?" She found it rather odd that Faramir had been discussing her with the new King, but it was also comforting. "Just that you were a wild child when you were younger, and now are a reserved young woman devoted to helping the sick and wounded." Aragorn's eyes sparkled at her and she nodded her head. She was beginning to like him. Legolas smiled at the new information he was being presented with through this conversation. It was nice to find a woman with fire and spirit, much like himself in a lot of ways, but very different in others. Aranee continued her conversation with Aragorn and Faramir afterwards and then when everyone had finished eating, she politely excused herself from the table and returned to her room, with a smile on her face, hoping that tomorrow would be much the same, only excitingly different as well.