say about that word?! MY NAME IS CHELSEA!!! CHELSEA!!!!! "Are you single?" He gave me a quizzical look. "Single…?" "Girlfriend? Engaged? Married?" I clarified. "Oh, no…why, interested?" he smirked. Yes, yes, yes!! Take me to Nepal, you hot, sexy, hot of elf you! … is what I wanted to say. But instead, I just said, "Maybe…" and walked away… It was growing dark, so I decided to prance on back to my/Jamie's room. When I arrived, I saw Leggy was still by the still unconscious fangirl. "Legolas?!" I hissed. He looked up. "What in the name of Tolkien are you still doing here?!" "Waiting for her to wake up," he said simply. "Well, that's sweet and all, but you see, I'm tired. can you please leave and come back tomorrow?" With your uber hot brother, I added silently. "Can you tell her I will return when the sun is highest in the sky?" Legolas said, stealing one last look at Jamie. "Yeah, yeah. Now scram, my Elvish chipmunk!" I said, ushering him out of the door. Sleep…is what I did. ***** The next day, Jamie was still asleep/unconscious. Oh the power of love…after pulling on a blue Elvish dress (with a corset! WEEEEEEEE!), I strolled out for a spot of breakfast. I don't know what Elizabeth Swann was thinking, but corsets aren't that bad. Maybe it wasn't tight enough or something…but I didn't faint. Chelsea, 1. Elizabeth, 0. Halfway to what I thought to be the breakfast hall, I encountered the Mirkwood princes. I walked past, head held high, the prime paradigm of an English noble lady. "Hello, my fair Elvish twins. How art thee today?" I said in an English accent. Bizarre looks ensued. "She's a bit touched, isn't she?" I heard Legolas mutter to his brother. Teehee. "Well, I'm off to the Breakfast, so TA!" I said, bounding off. "She's so…" "Strange?" Legolas supplied. "No…" But I didn't get to hear the last word. Curse you hunger, curse youuu! ***** I ambled around for a while longer later that day, still eyeing the beautiful Elvish architecture. Jamie was probably awake by now, but I found I didn't want to go back to an enclosed space. Even if it did have a portico. As I walked around (and almost got lost more than "a few" times), I found myself near some stables. Very nice Elvish stables, might I add. Quite a number of horses were housed there, big ones, little ones, brown, black…etc., etc… It was about 3 o'clock I guessed. I looked at my watch and saw I was right! "Woo, hoo! Score one for my team!" I cheered. I heard raised voices, and ignoring the lovely proverb "Curiosity killed the cat", moseyed in. It was the Twin Gods of Hotness. The Greenleaf Twin Gods of Hotness. I stood and gawked for a minute behind a tree. I didn't really understand what was going on, because I am not a horsey person, therefore do not get horsey terms. But the large and short of it was that Valandil's horse was being athletically challenged. I stepped out from behind the tree and watched, amused. "So finally the mysterious girl of the Future reveals herself," Valandil grinned. Don't faint, Maynarde. Don't do it… "You knew I was here?" I said incredulously. "Of course. You're not exactly inconspicuous, you know," Legolas smiled from atop his horse (Nelion), a purdy white one with a black nose(Dear God, this was not the books or movie. He never has any emotion in there…). "Erm." Wow, I'm such a conversationalist. "My brother and I-" Valandil glared at his brother. Teehee, sibling rivalry is fun… "-Were about to go riding, but my horse-", he glared at his horse, "-will not comply with my wishes." Trying not to burst out laughing was very, very hard. "Aren't you Elf-kind? Can't you be all "ooh, look at me, I'm magic!"?" I said, miming with my hands being…magic. Oh, Lord…I'm not the shiniest Diet Coke can in the fridge. "I would, but I find it works best to train your animal to trust you, and not your "magic"," he said. The horse eventually moved, but not after many exciting facial expressions had been done by Legolas and Valandil, Twin Gods of Hotness. "I know originally, it was to only be us brothers, but would you like to join us?" Valandil offered from his horse (Nolion. Black. All black. Dear God, even his HORSE was cool.). Without a moment's pause, I accepted (Even after considering I was "acting a Mary Sue". Stop accusing me!). Valandil dismounted and got me a horse (chestnut with a white tail and legs. WEEE!), and we set off. I never said I was much of a rider. After I had fallen off several times, we set off. There. Much better. ***** After the "exciting" horse ride (meaning I had almost died myriad times and made a complete fool out of myself in front of Twin Gods of Hotness), I walked back to Jamie's/my room. Jamie had finally awoken. Turns out she had woken up once before to Eggo. Sigh. So after talking and a bit of lying (*twitch, twitch*), she asked the life-altering question… "So how are things between you and Valandil?" she asked. I considered my answer. We had talked a lot that day… and learned about him and the other Twin God of Hotness. But…I really didn't know… "Um…let's just say…" pause, pause. "…we're… close?" "Oh? Like how?" "I'll never tell! Bwahahahahha!" I cackled. Oh, the irony. *-*-*-*-*-*-*-* A/N- *wipes away a tear* I'm so proud. It gets better (or worse, depending on how you look at it...). I promise. The first chapter's always the hardest! And I'm not quite sure...but I've had two very reliable sources inform me Leggy isn't an only child. *cackles* Oh, the irony. So yes, my co-writer and I gave him a twin. A very hot twin. AHAHAHAHA! So, what did you think? I need your honest opinion! REVIEW!