on his lovely, pale rump and the downy fur on the insides of his thighs standing out. Frodo climbed onto the bed and shrouded him, skin to skin, sliding both arms down under and around his chest to hold him tight and breathing a happy sigh. "This will do quite nicely, I think." Sam whispered, "Frodo… " and shifted under him, making everything fit just right. Frodo took shameful advantage of it, thrusting his hips a little and sliding his already quickening arousal against Sam's insistent grip, a damp of sweat risen there where they pressed together. Heat poured off Sam and enveloped him like a thick down comforter. Frodo caught a breath, his heart beating faster. He was forgetting himself. He touched a pattern of soft kisses over Sam's poor shoulder, and then pushed himself up to his knees. Sam protested with a little moan of disappointment. Frodo gently ran both hands over his naked back. "We have to do your shoulder, Sam. Where did you put the bottle?" Sam sighed very loud and deliberately, then proceeded to roll over, somehow picking him up and catching him close on the way. "My shoulder's as fine as need be. I'll take it careful." Frodo couldn't resist for the moment, with their bodies in the most intimate contact. Sam's legs caressingly twined with his, clever toes playing in the hair on his feet. Sam's hands restlessly roved between his shoulders and his backside, making him tingle and twitch, and Frodo impulsively buried his fingers in Sam's hair and breathed warm breath at his ear. Sam writhed under him and moved to take him in a hug, and Frodo felt him flinch. He completed the embrace as if he didn't care, but Frodo did. "Sam." He forcibly pushed himself back up to his knees. "We have to do your shoulder, dearest one." Sam stared up into his eyes with a heavy lidded, sultry look, and gripped his naked behind with both hands. "You're teasing, sir." Frodo caught a breath. "I'm not, Sam!" Sam smiled, and with a firm but gentle tug pulled him back into position, then caught his arms to pull him down for a warm, enticing, breath sharing kiss. Arousal flared harder and brighter, snugly pressed between their hot, sweat slicked bellies, until Sam jolted and let go, dropping his right arm with a muffled curse. Frodo gasped and quickly braced his hands and elbows to take his weight off Sam. "My poor love, you're hurting and you can't tell me you aren't." Sam tried to, but he wouldn't have it. He pushed himself up and reached over to get the bottle of liniment. "Maybe this will help, Sam. Is it something new?" Sam nodded, unclenching his teeth with an effort. "The Gaffer got it from Old Tom, as got it from a peddler passing through." Frodo uncorked the bottle and sniffed. It smelled of woodsy herbs, nothing too pungent. He poured a bit out into his palm and found it liquid and oily. He warmed it in his hand and then gently smoothed it over Sam's injured shoulder. Sam slowly relaxed back into the pillows, looking like he might fall asleep. The caressing hand on Frodo's thigh stilled. Holding himself braced, Frodo finally laid his oily hand on Sam's chest and was bending down to touch a kiss to his lips when the door suddenly opened. "Frodo?" Frodo jumped and scrambled for cover and Sam was abruptly wide awake, dragging a blanket up over them. "May I come in, Fro?" Frodo dragged in a shaky breath as Sam got an arm around his waist and held him there close, stifling a laugh in his hair. It was absurd. But what could he do? "Yes, Pip, for a moment. What have you done with Merry?" Pippin came bouncing onto the bed like he was oblivious to the state in which he found them. "Merry's having a nap because he hasn't slept for weeks from thinking about me. We talked and then we tried kissing again and it was very nice, and now I'm going to make food for him. Is that alright?" Frodo felt serious reservations about that. Sam peered out from behind him and voiced them. "The fires'll have to be stoked for cooking. I'll fix supper in awhile, sir, if you can wait." Pippin put on a pout. "But I want to, Sam. I don't have to cook. I'll just see what there is in the pantry. Please?" Frodo broke. "Alright, Pip, but be careful please." Pippin threw open his arms and leapt on them both with a big hug. "I have the best cousins ever!" Frodo smiled and hugged him back, then gently removed him. "Go on, Pip, we'll see you later." The lad took himself off and closed the door. Only then did Frodo fully take in what had just happened. His heart was thumping. "I guess we won't have to sneak around anymore when they're here." Sam quietly chuckled. "Thank the stars for that, sir." Startled, Frodo shook his hand and raised it to look at. His fingers felt hot, with a pulsing warmth that spread across his palm. He twisted around in Sam's embracing arm as Sam put a hand over his chest where Frodo's had lain minutes before. They looked at each other, and looked at the liniment bottle. Sam grinned. "Well now, there's something." He carefully rolled his shoulder, and breathed a relieved sigh. "Is it better, Sam?" "Aye." Frodo reached to the table for the bottle, with rather wicked thoughts in his head. "I wonder… " Sam reached out and caught him close again, smiling into his eyes. "You wouldn't have something unnatural in mind, sir, would you?" Frodo gave him a sweet smile in return. "Would you mind, Sam?" Sam lovingly cuddled him close. "I'm thinking not." He snatched the covers back over them. "In case Master Pippin can't find the mushrooms and needs to come asking." Frodo just laughed.