hoped they could get help for their horse there. As they approached, they came to see another group of people going into the stable. "Sir!" Elros called. "Sir! Can you help us?" The man turned around. His clothing simple, he held a large staff in one hand and cradled a small lamb in the other. Three other men were with him, one looking at someting in te stable, the other two dealing with a small heard of sheep. "Come!" The man called, his face exited, he walked up and took the lead line of their wounded horse "Come and see the king!" "The king?" Elrond asked, his voice tired, and is brain even more so. What did that mean? Not Gil-Galad, but who else would be called king in these lands? He let the wounded horse be led into the stable, and watched the creature lay down on the hay, exhausted. How he wished he could do that. His attention was captured as the exited shepherd ushered him in to meet the king. "The one who the Valar prophesied of! Come and see! The son of Eru himself a come to us this night! He brings hope and promie, love and peace." He heard the soft cry of a babe. Coming in to the stable, He saw that which the shepards gathered around. With Elros by his side, he looked to see a woman and her husband, holding their newly born child. Somehow, he knew this was the king. Both of the young elves stood speechless, an overwhelming feeling of awe coming over them at the simple sight of the family and the child. With a small smile, the mother nodded them over. Still speechless, the boys approached. "His name is Eruion." She told them, her voice soft and kind. "It... It is a good name..." Elrond stammered a bit, coming up to see the baby boy. The mother smiled, laughing a bit at the reaction her new baby gained. "I wish... I had something I could give him..." Elros looked down, checking if he did. His small pendant shone around his neck. His father had given it to him. The last birthday present before he left to cross the sea. He did not know if the man would ever be back, and he treasured the trinket above any other thing he had with him. But he would give it to this little human babe. He quickly unlatched it, the fine silver imbedded with a brilliant diamond jewel. "Here." He said, "Please take it... It... It is the least I could give, I feel..." "Oh..." The babe's mother said, "Thank you." "And take this, too, if you will..." Elrond spoke up, wishing he had something as good as his brother to give; he did not worry about it, holding no jealousy against his twin. He drew out of his belt pouch a small clasp of his own. It was not a fine as his brother's, made with second rate metals and the craftsmanship of a student, he himself had made it, not to long ago, before he decided that healing was better then smithing. One of the finest things he had even made. Now he gave it to little Eruion. He was glad of everything now. Glad they had gotten lost. Glad his horse broke its leg, maybe even glad he did not know where in all of Arda he was, save that he was lost. He was glad. For he got to meet the one person he knew mattered the most. He would remember this day, and tell its story. Forever. Young Estel's sleepy eyes shone in the brilliant captivation of the tale his father told. He wished he could have been there. To meet Eruion himself. The savior of the world. He loved this time of year. The tradition had been made, with help from Elrond and Elros, to celebrate the occasion so many years ago, and somehow spread throughout all the free peoples of middle earth. This was one of his favorite stories, and he loved the days of leisure when he and his family could spend simply taking pleasure in each other's company. "And Eruion came that night, to Beriland and Middle Earth to save elves and men alike from thier wrong, and promise them a place in paradice." Eldarion's eyelids threatened to close on him as the story came to a close. It was so calming, listening to his father tell the tale. But he knew there would be much more that night. Laughter and song would fill the alls until morning, if it was to be like any other Yule season. Last year he fell asleep on is father's lap during a tale of old, but he was determined to stay up this time. He loved such stories but always seemed to get so lost in them his energy was drained. Which meant it was time for more sugar. Biscuits and cookies were served all through the night and they were what kept young Dari going. And this time he had a friend his own age. The two kept each other awake and entertained, as the grown-ups told stories and held conversation until the sun danced over the horizon. "Ada?" He said, dragging the tip of his sword on the ground behind him, he tugged on his father's tunic "I think it's time for bed now..." he yawned. Aragorn hoisted his son up on his shoulders, wrapping the boy's arms about his neck; he carried Dari into his room. "I think you're right." He said, "Callon and his family have gone to bed, I figure you should too." he laughed, knowing that the sun was rising, not setting on the horizon. Eldarion jumped to him bed, pulling the sheets over himself, he hugged his little trainer's blade close, as his father bent down to kiss his forehead. "Happy Yule, My son. I hope you never forget Eruion's birthday. Good night, Ion-nin... Or... Good morning."