the campsite, moving about efficiently. When one finally reached me he was quick to discern that I was still alive. 'This one is alive,' he cried out to the others. Immediately his associates came to his side. They stared at me and I raised my head to meet them head on. Swiftly but gently, they cut me from the trees and lowered my bruised body to the earth. They offered me water helping me to get a trickle down my parched throat. 'As much as I would like to hear your tale of how you came to be here, we must leave this place. It is too seeped with blood and will draw all manners of evil creatures,' the man who appeared to be the leader said. "I was asked if I could stand and with assistance I unsteadily arose. Again, I do not know the passage of time for my journey seemed endless and I relied heavily on the men for support. Finally we stopped and the men quickly set up a campsite. A fire was soon going and the warmth from the flames made me feel better. However, it wasn't long before pain and exhaustion overtook me. I wasn't sure if I could trust these people, these men, but my body betrayed me and I tumbled into sleep." Aragorn rose from his chair and took a few steps towards the balcony drawing a deep breath. "There is a different smell to the air of Rivendell," he pondered. "It smells good, rather like the first breath I drew when I woke up the next morning within the men's camp, alive, sore to be sure, but alive. The night's passage had done no further harm to me and I found I was able to rise to my feet unaided. The men put no questions to me as I was fed and my wounds cleaned. At last, the man whom I took as their leader, whose name I learned was Garter, inquired how I cam to be in such straights. I wove my tale for them and they listened in silence." "There is not much more to my story. After I finished, Garter introduced me to the men of the camp and explained that they were Rangers and their mission." Aragorn walked back over to stand near Elrond. "After learning what the Rangers do and what they stand for I decided to join them. My only condition was I had to travel back to personally deliver the news of Lateris and Eltheros deaths. This was not an issue at all with the Rangers for loyalty is highly prized. And before you ask, no I did not tell them who I am. I now go by the name of Strider, a man who was raised in a small hamlet, has spent time with elves and is now exploring the world. They are satisfied with this as am I." Aragorn's features soften. "Ada. I know this comes as a shock. I realize you do not agree with my path. But I am begging you to understand that this is my decision to make and right here, right now this is what I need to do." Elrond rose and placed his hand on his foster's son shoulder. "I can not agree with the path you have chosen Estel, but perhaps I can understand why you choose it. You ask me to understand and accept. I agree. Now I ask you not to close your mind to your destiny. You have a long life in front of you. When the time comes and you are asked to step forward, I beg of you to consider carefully the choice you make for it will affect all of Middle Earth. Seeing how serious Elrond was, Aragorn bowed his head in silent agreement before raising it to meet his kin's eyes. "I promise you, I will consider all paths of my future, when…if the time comes," he pledged. Elrond pulled him into a hug and both man clung to each other for a few minutes. "I will miss you," the elf said, his voice rough with emotion. "It was not easy, raising you a man amongst elves. But my son, it was always a privilege and a pleasure. You added much to Rivendell and you will be missed." Aragorn did not trust his voice and so ignoring his wounds he simply hugged his Ada tighter in response to the kind words. When the moment had passed the two separated but an understanding between man and elf remained. "Come," Elrond said. "Let me see if I can do anything more to ease the pains of those wounds." "Thanks but no. I am well enough and I cannot tarry. I must go deliver my grim news to the families of Lateris and Eltheros and offer what little comfort I can. Then I must hit the trail for I promised to meet back up with the Rangers in 2 days. There is an urgent matter in the North to which we must attend. Time, to men, is very fleeting." "At least let me have provisions packed for you, food herbs that might be of use." "That I would be most grateful for," Estel replied with an easy smile. "It is done. I will send Javan off to gather what is needed and then you and I shall go bring the grim news." "Again, I am in your debt." "Family does not count debt owed and you are family," Elrond responded. A tight smile played about Aragorn's face as he acknowledged the sentiment. "And," Elrond continued, "I hope you will come back to visit your family, as time permits." "As time permits," Aragorn agreed. Both knew it would be a long time between visits, but the pathways were open and that was all that mattered at the moment. Together the two men left the room to complete their grim task leaving the fate of Middle Earth to be decided on another day.