perhaps… it is already too late." "I'm losing you all over again," Aragorn's voice cracked, and he almost choked at the words. Legolas could feel the man's thumb move against his wrist in a gentle caress. His chest tightened almost painfully. Another wave of tears threatened to fall. "While I lost you once," he started, but for a while, he could not continue and the silence between them was heavy. "I lost you once," he tried again. "But it is a loss that I will bear for all eternity." It seemed to Legolas that the music and laughter and talking were not enough to fill the resounding silence that followed. "I…" The man started, but stopped. "I'm sorry," he said instead. His voice caught on the words. "I… I cannot change that which is done…" "Nor do I wish you to." He looked down, tempted to count the number of lines he could make out in the pattern on the floor. "But if only…" "Is a useless statement that we should not dwell on." At that moment, the dance ended and it was soon followed by a much slower melody of the flutes and lyre. "Will you not let me speak?" Aragorn's voice seemed much louder then without the clapping hands and the cheering voices, and it seemed to echo in his ears like the distant sounding of Rohan's horns. Legolas sighed. A lie was already on his lips, ready to be uttered. But instead he whispered, "I fear your words." His heart spoke and his head bowed. He watched as his hair fell from his shoulders to hide his face. "And the world need not hear the melody thy heart sings." "But do you? Do you hear its song?" Aragorn asked. Legolas bit his lip, before answering, "What I hear is but a faint melody of a greater piece." The hold on his wrist tightened almost painfully. "Why? Why are we led to this?" And he knew then, that Aragorn was crying. "Know my prince, know that…" "I know," Legolas just said, not allowing the man to speak anymore. His tone was final, and he saw his own tears fall from his eyes. He wiped them away, but more followed. "I know what you want to say and it is enough, Aragorn. It is enough." His hand dropped limply to his side. Aragorn had released him. They fell silent. "Legolas." The man's broken whisper tore at Legolas' heart. "Do not weep for me, and I shall not weep for you," Legolas said. He tried to be calm to show that he was strong – to show that he believed in what he was saying – but his voice was shaking. "Years from now, we will forget this moment, and all the moments we had before this did not exist. You will be happy, and I will be content – watching as your children play in the gardens that I, myself, have grown and created." "Stop it. Stop it, Legolas, please." But Legolas continued despite the tightness in his chest, and the continuous fall of his tears. "And you will be the greatest king that ever ruled, the one true King of the West, and Arwen will be the greatest and fairest of queens that this land has ever seen. While I… I will fade into memory, and long years from now, as my ship passes to the West, I will remember. I will carry the memories – for both you and me." He raised his eyes, looking ahead, ready to welcome the dark corridors that he would retreat into. But he could not see past the veil of tears that shrouded his eyes. He wiped them away. His back remained on Aragorn, and he never turned back – never saw the tears to match his own. He received no response but the soulful melody of the flutes whispered to him, reminiscent of the soft murmur of the wind. He waited for a moment, and after a while of unbroken silence between them, he finally walked away. The sound of breaking glass followed him, and in the silence of the corridor, he closed his eyes tightly and paused, before he continued walking, not once turning back. -o-o-o- Both of his hands are trembling. But he knocks when he finally manages to lift one of them. The door opens. The familiar face of a life-long friend greets him, yet he doesn't pretend to smile. He no longer has the heart to. "Haldir," he greets, and the Lorien Elf takes one look at him and just steps aside in a silent invitation to enter. He walks in. The door closes behind him. "Do you want to talk about it?" is the polite question. "No," is his immediate response. He clenches his hands on his sides. He takes deep breaths to calm his racing heart. "All is well, my friend," he says when he finds his voice again, though it is not without a tremor. "There is nothing to talk about. All is well," he says again. Haldir lays a hand on his shoulder from behind and grips it tightly in a silent gesture of support. He stiffens at the touch. "Let it go, Legolas," is the whispered command. He thinks of poisoned wine and crystal glass. "Let it go." "I… I can't," he says. But in the end, he does. End 02.12.05 Author's Notes: I wrote and finished this almost five to six months ago and it took me that long to decide that this can finally be published after adding, deleting, and editing many times. I was supposed to have this finished last October, so even if I didn't join in the A/L ficathon held around last September (I think) in LAS, then at least I contributed something. Thanks again to Milady Hawke, the inspiration to start this came from her, even if she doesn't know it. :) Thanks again to Isildwen and docmon and thank you all for reading. :p