there, until she spotted the gardening supplies resting on the bench. "We're...planting flowers?" "Mmm-hmm." The golden-haired elleth hummed, handing her daughter a seed and a hand shovel. "But...why? It's so boring!" Her child whined, evidently not pleased. "Wait until they finish growing, my dear. Being a warrior should not just be about becoming strong and killing things, even if that would be what you do. I want you to fight for the right reasons, Yáviën. You should not think of pride or becoming the strongest fighter when engaged in combat or ending a life. It should be for protecting yourself and others; to protect light when darkness threatens to consume it." Celebrían explained. "I don't know what you are talking about." The little she-elf said, blinking at the seed in her tiny palm. Her mother sighed, kneeling down to her daughter's level. "Once these Morning Glories grow and mature, you will understand. For now, I will help you plant them and care for them." "Fine." Yáviën pouted, getting on her knees to start digging a hole. Time passed with the elfling caring for her growing flowers daily, until finally, they were in full bloom. The dark-haired she-elf marveled at the beautiful purple blossoms, gazing at their starburst centers and their heart-shaped leaves. She felt a strange feeling inside of her awaken-a sense to protect the flowers she had cultivated that were bursting with life and were so very lovely. And suddenly, she could comprehend what her mother had tried to explain. She took off, bolting down the hallways and searching for her mother. She very nearly ran Elrohir and Elladan over in her haste, and refused to stop when they inquired about where she was headed. When she spotted her mother conversing with her father at a table, she halted, her breaths short and rapid. "Naneth! Naneth! The flowers-they-they're in bloom!" Celebrían smiled radiantly whilst Elrond appeared befuddled. "That is wonderful, iell nin! Do you understand, now, what I said before?" Yáviën beamed and threw herself into her mother's open arms. "Yes, yes I do! I promise, I won't be a warrior that only fights for bloodlust. When I become a warrior, I'll be the best there is! I'll protect people and myself, and I'll keep beautiful things like the morning glories safe!" Celebrían pulled out of the embrace to grin down at her, caressing her face with one smooth hand. "Good. I am glad to hear it. I love you, Yáviën, do not ever forget that. And always follow your heart. Never stray from what you believe in." "Yes, Naneth! I promise!" "What is all of this talk about becoming a warrior? Why have I not caught word of it?" Elrond queried, glancing between his love and his youngest child quizzically and arching a brow. "Yáviën deserves to follow whatever path she wishes, my love. Do not worry, for I believe she will be one of the finest warriors this world has seen in a long time." The golden-haired she-elf answered reassuringly, her warm tone causing a happy smile to spread across Yavien's small face. Back With Yáviën and Legolas "Yáviën, are you alright?" The blonde archer asked, concern shining in his cerulean eyes. She turned to him once more, confused by his query. "Yes, why would I not be?" He brought an un-gloved hand to her face, his slightly rough thumb wiping away a trail of warm tears on her smooth cheek despite her initial surprise and the little jerk she gave at his touch. The she-elf blinked several times, finally realizing that she was crying. She pulled away from Legolas, rubbing her eyes and cheeks in an attempt to soak up the wetness. "Oh. My apologies, I am fine," Yáviën replied, blushing out of embarrassment for her tears. "I just...really wish she was here. And without her, I do not know if I would still be the same person I am today." "I at times wonder the same thing. But I do think that even if your mother had not supported you, you would have found yourself in time, but perhaps taken much longer." The blonde replied, a thoughtful glint to his brilliant eyes. "I suppose so. Why do mothers have so much clarity?" Yáviën wondered aloud in the Common Tongue, her sparkling grey-blue eyes moving back up to the opaque night sky and the thousands of stars. Legolas sighed, returning to stargaze with her. "That is a question I wish I knew the answer to." She smiled at him, clapping a hand onto his shoulder. "Hannon le, Legolas, for your company. But you can rest now-I will continue the watch." He nodded, heading over to his cot he had prepared earlier with everyone else. The ranger stared down at her shimmering necklace, remembering it was also given to her by her mother. Closing her grey-blue eyes, Yáviën clutched at the necklace tenderly. 'Naneth...I do not know how much of my life you have played a part in, but it feels as if all of my fortune is because of you. Even though you are no longer here in Arda, I feel as if a part of you is always with me. Thank you for everything-for helping me become who and what I wanted to be. And...though it is silly, thank you for the morning glories that taught me such important lessons at an early age." As she prayed to both the Valar and hopefully her mother, the moon almost seemed to gleam brighter and cast its silvery rays onto the land, sending it a-glow like a sea of melted mithril. A/N: So...yeah, I just want to apologize to, well, everyone that is waiting for me to update various fics of mine. It's been hectic these past several months, and then when I do have time off from that stuff I spend time with my friends and family. My bad, and I'll try to update ASAP. Review, favorite and follow! (Sorry this is so late as well)