enjoyed being here, much more than she had enjoyed living in Minas Tirith. Perhaps it was because she only thought herself as a guest here and in Minas Tirith she had roles and responsibilities that many people counted on her for. There were still things expected of her here, but not as heavily weighted as in Minas Tirith. There were very few lives on the line in Edoras and Aranee liked it that way. She ate what little she could, her appetite not quite back to what it used to be, she blamed the nightmares for that, and then exited the hall, heading in the direction of the stables. Even if Éomer was not around for their ride yet, she felt stronger near her beautiful bay. Walking down the steps of Meduseld was always rather tricky because they were very steep, but she managed and then made her way around the corner to the left to find the King's Stables. She nodded to the Stable Master, Harrum, who was busy tending to another horse and made her way to Leitha Fea's stall. The horse could hear her coming and poked her head out to greet Aranee, nudging her nose against Aranee's hand and then coming to rest against the inner part of her shoulder, as if she were hugging her. "Fea, you seem to have missed me," Aranee spoke to the gentle bay horse, who was a deep cinnamon brown color with a white-grey nose and white front legs. "I should not neglect you. I will try to make a visit to you every day, and a ride every other day, how does that sound?" Fea nodded her head up and down and whinnied happily. Aranee smiled widely and leaned her head against Fea's forehead briefly before turning to grab a brush from the stall wall. "I will brush you down before our ride today, and then after as well. Extra love for an extra special girl." Fea neighed appreciatively and Aranee went to work brushing her. This is where Éomer found her half an hour later. She must have been quite into brushing Leitha because when he poked his head around the corner to see her, she jumped a little and let out a yip of surprise. "Éomer, you startled me," she said, holding a hand over her heart as it jumped frantically in her chest. "My apologies. For that was not my intention." "Of course not," Aranee conceded, setting the brush down. "Is your day clear now?" He nodded, "I have taken care of all I can for the time being. Are you ready to go?" "I have to saddle Fea, but then I will be." "Oh please, allow me." He hefted Fea's saddle off the rack beside him and entered the stall. Aranee threw the blanket over her horse's back and then Éomer followed with the saddle and began adjusting the buckles and leather straps accordingly. "When did you first learn to saddle a horse?" Aranee asked as she stood back and watched Éomer's fingers nimbly work over the saddle. Éomer laughed, "I don't know if it was ever 'learning' as much as it was always in my blood to know how. As far back as I can remember I have known how to take care of a horse. I wonder at times if I am part horse myself." "It must be a good feeling," Aranee said quietly, toying with the tips of her hair as she spoke, "to be a part of something and feel one with it so intricately." Éomer's fingers stilled on the saddle and he looked back to where Aranee stood, her body closed in on itself, her head tilted down. He knew exactly what she was thinking and it tormented him as much as he was sure it tormented her. He hated seeing her run herself into the ground like this. She no longer felt like she had purpose and Éomer wanted, more than anything, a way to show her she was wrong. But as quickly as it had flashed across her person, it was gone and the wall that protected her was back. He stepped back and held out his hand to her and she took it without hesitation. She did not need the assistance to get onto Fea, but she was grateful for the personal contact. She hooked her left foot in the stirrup and used the saddle horn and Éomer's shoulder to lift herself, throwing her right left over and settling in the saddle comfortably. "Are the stirrup's adjusted well enough?" Éomer asked, stepping back to look at her legs. "Yes, they're fine," Aranee replied. "Thank you." Éomer nodded. "You ride on out to the fields and I'll catch up with you. I know how anxious you are to start." She did not have to be told twice and after Éomer had stepped out of the way, she kicked Fea lightly and started to trot, and then canter, and as she left the city of Edoras atop the hill, she was galloping as fast as Fea's legs would carry her. She reached up to her hair with one hand and undid the tie that fastened it in a braid, letting the wind whip the tendrils around in the breeze. Éomer watched her go and moved over to his own horse, a brave war horse that had seen just as many battles as Éomer had. Éomer was mesmerized with Aranee and the way she rode. She took to it like a fish took to water and it make him smile knowing he had given her that small freedom in her life. Hooking his foot in the stirrup and throwing himself over the horse's back, he rode out to see how far she'd gotten in the mere minutes that had passed. Éomer didn't not have to even guess guess to know she was going to be a league away by now, racing around, trying to free herself from her own thoughts.