gave it to an Arthadan knight standing nearby and said, "Take this and go...escape by any means..." Surprised, the knight took the sphere and stared at it for a second. The Seer grabbed him violently. "I said GO NOW!!!" With that the knight took three squires and passed though the West Door. The Seer hurriedly put a hex on the door to seal it. With a crash, the East Door fell open. A bloody knight stumbled through, wounded with a dozen arrows. His helmet smashed to the ground as he uttered his final words, "Flee... we are doomed..." As he breathed his last, the Seer could see a huge, grotesque figure pass through the East Door. A massive, bloated creature it was, draped in heavy chainmail and wielding a spiked club. At the troll's belt dangled several human skulls including the head of Ostoher. The Seer collapsed in horror. "Rogrog..." The club came down. Blood covered the walls. THARBAD – Urui 1409 The crystal goblet caught the firelight, and dispersed it to the corners of the room, as Ciramir son of Eärendur, the Gondorian legate twirled it in his hand. It was finely made, a work of art like everything that came from the renowned glassworks at Fornost Erain in Arthedain. Goblets like this graced the tables of the Shipwrights of Mithlond, the Queen's board in Fornost, and the rough camp-table of King Ostoher on the Downs, where the Cardolanian army camped this night, ever vigilant against further attacks by the terrible host of Angmar. Such a simple pleasure, dining with finely crafted tableware. It was almost funny in a way, that when the King went north to meet the onslaught of the Witch-King's realm on the borders of Cardolan, special provisions, placesettings, linen napkins, and his own crystal goblet went north with him. Reports (such as actually reached the city of Tharbad; leagues to the south) indicated that there had already been desperate fighting in the devastated area of Bree-land where the North Highway crossed the East-West road. Still, in the way in which Cardolan and Arthedain had become accustomed to constant war, both with the Witch-King's realm and each other, made Ciramir wonder to himself whether the men of the North were even aware of the full repercussions of their victory or defeat. Neither had yet succumbed to Angmar like their sister kingdom, Rhudaur, which was no more than a puppet state; when the dark realm attacked, they had always dropped their differences and marched together to oppose it. But in the absence of that threat, the two northern realms always fell to bickering, drawing swords on one another over some tiny stretch of land. Even during the reigns of the current kings, Ostoher and Arveleg, peacemakers both, the tension and threat of dissension was omnipresent. Ciramir was no one's fool. He knew of the worm-tongued dissemblers who came in fair guises to the courts of Arthedain and Cardolan, just as they had come to the King's House in Rhudaur. He knew who they served, and he knew how their efforts made the Witch-King ever more effective. They were in Minas Anor as well, perhaps hoping to turn brother against brother in far off Gondor. The light burgundy color of the goblet tinted the legate's hand the color of blood, as he held it and gazed into its depths. A sudden chill breeze ruffled the curtains. Ciramir stood, goblet in hand, and walked to the window to close it. He looked out across the sprawl of Tharbad, and northward at the wide stone highway that stretched, dimly moonlit, into the distance. Somewhere, beyond the shadowy hill barely discernible near the horizon, the armies of Cardolan and Arthedain waited for another assault by the Witch-King's army. Suddenly, he noticed a rider moving along the highway at great speed, the half shrouded moon dimly reflected in the horse's accoutrements and the mail of the rider, visible as his cloak swept back in the wind. A rider? At this hour? Ciramir thought The legate forgot about the breeze that had chilled him, and set the goblet on the window-ledge. His attention was completely on the swift moving rider approaching the North Gate of the city. It was clear that the horseman was no ordinary traveler, for he passed quickly through the refugee settlements across the river. The gate was opened for him at once; without slowing, he spurred his steed along the avenue toward the Royal House. The rumors flew thick and fast in the rider's wake. While Ciramir stood at the window, a clerk reported the news to him, even as it was being echoed in the street below: the army was destroyed, the King and his sons had perished and there were not even enough Cardolanian soldiers to bury them. Arthedanians and Lindon elves had placed Ostoher in his barrow. The Witch- King had been defeated, but at a terrible cost: Tharbad, already crammed with refugees, would soon be flooded with thousands more. And if any part of the Witch-King's army had survived intact, it would soon come to the gates of the city. And if not? Then there would be war as well. Arthedain would try to capitalize, if it could, on the terrible destruction wrought on Cardolan, which now had no king. And, if rumors were to be trusted, had only a sixteen-year-old girl as an heir. Odd, Ciramir thought to himself, for it to be so chill in autumn. Though a watcher by nature, Ciramir knew that now was the time to act, and if there was any substance to what he had heard, he had to act quickly. Turning away from the window, he strode toward the door of his study. A corner of his robe caught the crystal goblet as he walked across the room, and pulled it along. It hung, teetering on the edge of the sill for a long moment, and then crashed to the stone floor, shattering beyond recognition or recovery.