later if you guys are bus-" I cut her off, grateful for a quick distraction to take a step away from the interesting man in my room. "It isn't problem at all, what you got this time?" Swiftly, I explain to her how to work this specific partial derivative chain rule problem. Gushing her thanks and returning to her room with an awkward wave at the guy I introduced as "Leo", Katy closed the bathroom door and left the two of us once again alone. I was surprised to see Legolas looking at me with a peculiar expression. "You are very intelligent Juliana, what is it you are studying here?" "Ah, um well I'm studying to be an engineer. Basically someone who uses a ton of math and science to design, build, and fix things. I want to be a missionary engineer, to take my work to other places that really need the help but can't afford it. To help strengthen them so their people can grow." "That's very noble of you, I must say. I'm fairly versed in mathematics as part of my earlier century educations, but from what I just heard, you are strides far beyond anything I was ever taught." I shrugged a bit. "Math has always been easy for me. That isn't my biggest concern right now. Actually, my biggest concern right now is what to do with you. My roommate won't be back tonight by the looks of it, so I guess as long as we keep you being in here quiet, and find a way to sneak you out with me in the morning, we shouldn't have a problem. Tomorrow maybe we will have time to figure out what it is exactly you are doing here and what you need to do to get back." When Legolas looked down, I knew something was off. "Well Juliana, I'm sorry to say I might already know the answer to part of those questions. You see, as I grabbed for the crystal, my foe had a hold of me. It is very likely that he and the crystal were dropped off somewhere else in your world. I can't be here in good conscious without finishing what he and I started as well as securing the crystal." Sighing, I said, "This is becoming more and more like a bad fanfiction every second. Alright, well tomorrow I have classes, but you are welcome I join me for the first morning ones. I can say you are an exchange student who is looking into the school of engineering here. After lunch I can drop you off at Dawson Park so you can check things out while I'm at my band rehearsal and take care of some homework. I can pick you back up when it gets dark. That sound alright with you?" Seeming intrigued to attend my classes, Legolas agreed and at my request, made himself busy with memorizing the Dawson Trail maps while I finished up the last part of my engineering program and got ready to sleep for the night. I continued to work at the never ending pile of assignments after I showed him the shower and gave him my one extra towel and an extra men's t-shirt I had from camp and some of my brother's old running shorts I had kept due to their comfort. Rubbing my eyes and seeing it was already past midnight, I shut down my laptop and stood up, stretching from my desk. I was already uncomfortable sharing my room with a guy I only knew from the apparently real books j had read, and it certainly didn't help when he emerged from the bathroom, shirt clinging to his muscled chest and arms and blonde hair nearly braided back on the sides out of his way. Yep, I thought to myself as I tried my hardest not to look at him too much, this was definitely turning into a bad fanfiction. I had printed out the Dawson maps at his request, and given he wouldn't be sleeping anyways (it's not often we elves sleep, he had said) I expected him to be up all night studying them. I crawled into my bed, as we continued to exchange easy and casual conversation, mostly back and forth questions. His were mostly about the peculiar things he had noticed so far in his time here, and mine about the various things I remembered from the many tales of Middle-Earth I knew. We shared a bit more about ourselves, and as it grew to the point when I was beginning to fade, I forestalled his next question, promising he could continue in the morning, and bid him a good night. "If you need anything, just let me know. Please don't leave the room, I could get in so much trouble for having you in here. Plus my friends would never let m wheat the end of it. Well happy hunting, I'll see you in the morning." "I will try my best. Thank you, truly, Juliana, for the kindness you have shown me. I fear for what would have happened should a less understanding and accepting person had stumbled upon me. Sleep well, and may the stars bless your dreams" Leaving the desk lamp on for him, I turned out the main light and pulled up my covers, rolling to where my back was to him. I smiled to myself at first, not quite believing my time for something extraordinary had finally come. The smile fell from my face for a moment, though, as I began to think about what the next few days would bring. You can do this, I thought to myself. Just relax and get some rest. Pretend there isn't one of your favorite, most attractive characters sitting right behind you. Yeah. That's it. This is definitely turning out to be a bad fanfiction. Well there is the first chapter. Send me your thoughts. The response to this story will determine its future.