so long ago. He slowly ran his fingers along the shining blade, careful to not cut himself as he knew the blade was still sharp. He felt a presence at either side and turned to look at each of his sons for a moment before looking up into the face of the Lady Elbereth, whose altar had kept the shards for so many years. "Ada?" For a long time, Elrond said nothing, staring up at the lovely face of the Lady. "Ada? What is it?" "It is time, Elrohir," Elrond said softly, turning to face his sons. Though a casual onlooker would have thought them identical, to those who knew them well, there were subtle differences in the twins. Elladan preferred sword to bow and thus was more heavily muscled across the chest, while Elrohir tended to allow his hair to grow longer and braided it more elaborately. And, as a concession to the constant visitors to Imladris, they had agreed to wear different colored hair clips; Elladan's was blue, Elrohir's red. "Reforge the sword. Théoden's armies will marshal at Dunharrow; I will bring it to Estel there." They nodded, carefully gathering up the broken pieces. Though they had not known why at the time, their father had insisted they learn the intricacies of metal working, and their training was about to be put to use. Narsil was a family heirloom but, more than that, it was a symbol of the king, a symbol of re-uniting the peoples of Middle-Earth, of undoing the damage Isildur had done with his corruption and greed. Elrond followed them out to the forge, watching as they donned the protective leather aprons and gloves, tying their hair back so as not to singe it in the fire. Elladan stoked the fire while Elrohir smoothed the broken edges of the sword, ensuring all the pieces would fit back together seamlessly. He smiled in pride as his sons worked on the sword as if one mind. One would hold the haft while the other brought the hammer down on the blade, re-fusing the metal. Once the sword was again in one piece, they set it to the whetstone, sharpening the already keen-edged blade to a deadly edge. Finally it was done and they presented it to their father for final approval. He turned it this way and that, admiring the work, nodding in approval at the flickering light of the fire glinting off its blade. "Excellent work my sons...but it is not yet finished," he added when he saw them removing their aprons. "On the blade there must be several engravings. A rayed sun and crescent moon, and between them, seven stars." "For Anárion, Isildur and Elendil," Elladan said softly, causing Elrond to nod. "It must also have a name. Andúril, Flame of the West, it shall henceforth be called. The name Narsil shall be left in the past, where it belongs. Place on the sword..." He thought for a moment. "Place on there... 'I am Andúril who once was Narsil, sword of Elendil. The slaves of Mordor shall flee from me.' Then your work will be complete." They nodded and set to work, engraving what he asked. Each letter placed on the blade caused the metal to shine brighter, as if lit from within with the light of the sun and the moon. As they worked, Elrond set about finding the sheath Narsil had once been kept in, rubbing a small amount of oil into the leather to make it shine as if new. By the time he was done, the twins had found him in the Hall of Fire and presented him with the re-forged sword. He carefully ran a finger over the blade, checking for any imperfections, not surprised when he did not find any. Though the twins could act like elflings at times, when given an important task to do, they did it to the best of their ability. He nodded and, taking a deep breath, sheathed it in the scabbard, wrapping the ties carefully around the leather to secure it for the long journey to Dunharrow. "Look after Arwen," he said softly. "Though I fear there is little we can do for her. Her fate is now tied to that of the Ring. When you hear of the Ring's destruction, bring her to Minas Tirith. I will travel there after delivering the ring to Estel, and then sail to the Undying Lands." "You will not return to Imladris?" Elrohir asked. "No...the time of the elves is over. If Aragorn fails, Arwen will die. If he succeeds I will lose my daughter to the mortal fate. Regardless of what happens, she will no longer need my guidance." He looked up at his sons, tears in his eyes. "And I am aware you have decided not to sail." "Only for now, father," Elladan said, moving closer and gently taking his father's hand. "Elrohir and I talked about it last night. We will stay until Estel and Arwen pass, then we will join you and mother in Valinor. Regardless of the outcome of the war, we will all be together again." Elrond said nothing for a long time, but then reached for Elrohir's hand and pulled him closer, enfolding his sons in a warm embrace. "Thank you, my sons." Elrohir kissed his father's forehead and gently disentangled himself from the firm embrace. "Go now, father. And when you see Estel, give him our love." "I will. Goodbye, my sons." "Goodbye, father," two voices said in unison. Elrond quickly packed his horse for the long journey to Dunharrow and headed off down the pathway, looking back one last time at the darkened Imladris, at the symbol of the past. He shifted position, feeling the haft of And>úril press into his side. And>úril, the symbol of the future. Aragorn's future. Setting his mouth in a determined line, he urged his horse into a quick trot. Yes, Arwen had been right. It was time. END Please send feedback!