pleased as Pippin. "I just hope Frodo gets up the nerve to talk to her. Sam will never have the guts to bring it up." "I know, poor Sam! She's always been so unnaturally shy! Well come on then. Let's go and celebrate! If things are going well we'd best leave them to it!" The door shut, and their voices faded as they walked away. Frodo and Sam couldn't help themselves any longer, and they burst out laughing, clinging to each other as tears of mirth poured down their faces. "Well at least they approve!" Frodo chortled and Sam grinned at him. "Do you think they'd approve if they knew just how well things are going?" Frodo's laughter redoubled. "They'd have a fit!" They continued to hold each other as their laughter stilled, and Frodo resumed his stroking of Sam's back. "I can't believe Merry saw what was between us before we ever did. I've only known how much I really love you for a few days!" Frodo chuckled, but Sam said nothing. She just smiled up at him blissfully. Frodo bent down to kiss her on the lips, and then on her cheek. "So, how long have you known that you care for me?" Frodo didn't know why he was asking her, but it felt important that he should for some reason. Sam looked down and blushed. She laid her head down on his chest and closed her eyes. "Since Weathertop. I was so scared that I was going to lose you!" Frodo's fingers stilled. "Why didn't you ever tell me!" Sam back looked up at him and rolled her eyes as though the answer was obvious. "I was only your gardener's daughter. I was never good enough for Frodo Baggins!" Frodo glared at her and her brow furrowed at his expression. "That is complete rubbish, Sam." Frodo stated firmly. "You have always been the perfect person for me. Even Merry thinks so! I was just too blind to see it!" Frodo shook his head as he thought of all the time he had wasted. Sam grinned at him. "Well if Merry thinks so, it must be true!" she giggled, and Frodo chuckled. Then his expression changed and he grinned at her wickedly. "What?" Sam looked at him warily. Frodo sat up. "Come on." He said and stood up, pulling her to her feet. The warm water streamed of off them. "Where are we going?" Sam asked. "To your room." "Why?" Sam thought she could guess though and "I want "Outside." "Why?" I want our friends to see us together, and to see that we're happy with each other. I know they worry about us." "Us, you mean me too?" Sam looked confused. Frodo bent down to pick up two large towels and wrapped one around her. "The quest, our days in Mordor especially, it changed us both. I am certainly not as…carefree…as I used to be, and I doubt I'll ever be completely as I was when we left home, but I've seen the shadow that comes across you at times. I know that my burden was heavier, but no one could go through the trials that we did and not be altered; physically and in heart and soul. I've seen many of our friends watching you when you're sad and quiet. Come to think of it I was watching you to, and I don't doubt that I've been watched a great deal myself." Frodo dried himself off as he spoke, and pulled on his shirt. It hung quite low over his hips. Sam listened closely and shook her head when he spoke of the others watching her. "I thought that I was hiding it quite well. I am definitely not as secretive as I thought I was. I just didn't want anyone to worry about me needlessly, especially not you." She smiled ruefully, and then realised that Frodo was looking around him in confusion. "What?" Frodo looked up at her. "Where are my trousers?" he asked. Sam looked around as well, and then realisation dawned on her face and she looked into the water of the bath. He followed her gaze and then laughed. "Ah yes! Now I remember." He grinned at her. "I don't suppose you could…?" Sam rolled her eyes, but dropping the towel she stepped back into the bath and fished the soaked trousers out. Frodo took them back and looked at them in amusement. "What are you going to do?" Sam asked. "You can't put those back on, and you certainly can't go through the house wearing nothing but a shirt! Not that I would mind, but you might shock some of the elf maidens." "True!" Frodo laughed. "You get dressed, I'm sure I saw a cupboard in here with spare clothes." Frodo disappeared through the gap in the screen and Sam did as she was told. When she was dressed and was sitting on the floor towel drying her hair he returned wearing another pair of brown trousers which fitted him quite well. "I hung the other ones up to dry. There's a rack at the back of the room." Frodo smiled at her and knelt down in front of her. Taking the towel he finished drying her hair for her, getting the bits that she had missed. When he was finished, he dropped towel down on the floor and pulled her to her feet and into his arms. "By the way, about what you said before." Sam looked up at him, wondering what he was referring to. Frodo smiled and bent down to whisper in her ear. "I like worrying about you." Sam smiled up at him. "And I like worrying about you too." She replied. "I should hope so, you've done far too much of it!" Frodo chucked her chin, and then led her to the door. Checking to see that the coast was clear, he nodded, and they set off for the main doors of the Last Homely House.