long since I've indulged in carnal pleasures within the secret confines of my bedroom, I couldn't bring myself to give you the attention you deserve. I assure you I'll be more in tune to your desires during our second round." Eowyn smiles as she looks up at her lover as her heart melted once again in her chest. She places her hands on his cheeks. "It's alright, Faramir. I..I understand. I suppose I deserve that for teasing you." ,she giggled a little. A soft moan escapes her lips as she moves herself to a more comfortable position, trying to feel as little pain as possible between her legs. "Do what you will, my love." Faramir smiled as he wrapped his arms around Eowyn's waist and rested his head on her shoulder. "It seems as if the Shield Maiden has put down her guard and opened up her heart to tend to the needs of her lover. For that, I am eternally grateful." Faramir slowly rose from the bedside and swirled his tongue on Eowyn's right nipple till it perked upright. He grinned and massaged it with his hand as he diverted his attention to her left breast. It should not take long before he gets her burning with desire to be loved and conquered by him once more. "Mmnnhn..I only lower my guard for you, my lord." she moans against his chest, leaning into his mouth. He simply made her feel like she was in heaven by all the pleasure she was feeling. She could already feel herself harden in his mouth as he tended to her. "Ah..yess.." Somewhere in the back of her mind, she wondered how she lived all these years without knowing how much blissful pleasure was awaiting her when she met the lover above her. After showing a great deal of attention to Eowyn's breasts, he ran his hands slowly up and down her sexy torso. He then planted a trail of hot kisses down her chest and up and down her thighs as he purposely avoided her hot spot. This time, it was her turn to experience what it feels to be in need and want of something hot and warm inside if you. He chuckled softly as he saw Eowyn wither around in frustration. After teasing her for a good ten minutes, he slowly spread apart her thighs and ran his tongue across her swollen, drenched folds. Good things come to those who wait. He smiled as he watched her eyes glazed over in glowing passion. Hopefully her patience would pay off and result to her experiencing a mind blowing orgasm. When he felt that Eowyn was close to going over the edge he gently entered her and gently thrusted against her. He started off at a fast pace but pulled back when he felt she was close to the edge. Hopefully this will increase her stamina and allow her to experience overlapping orgasms when she finally achieves her release. Between the sexual frustration of his teasing and the quick thrusts, Eowyn was on the edge of screaming in pleasure as she felt a rising burning rush of heat inside her chest, two fold. Breathing restlessly against her lover, she held onto his shoulders tightly, throwing her head back as her climax came loud and hot, releasing a deep moan in her throat. For a few moments, Eowyn looked up at Faramir, panting breathlessly and feeling almost spent. "Dear heavens..you make a women feel so incredible. Are you sure it isn't you who is the God of Pleasure~?" Faramir looks up at his lover with a smug look of contentment on his face. Her compliment caused him to swell his chest with pride. He was glad he had not lost his touch in bed. Surely, this had made up for the rushed session that occurred earlier in the evening. "I assure you, I am a mere mortal like yourself Eowyn. Perhaps I have simply been provided with the gift of knowing a lady's inmost desires." She runs her hands up and down his hard chest with a grin. "That may be so, but I still think of you as such.", she gives him a teasing wink. "Before I met you, I never truly thought about passion as deeply as I do now. And for that, I must thank you." Faramir closed his eyes and sighed as Eowyn ran her hand up and down his chest. "I am delighted I could stir up passion and joy in your life once more Eowyn. I am not used to receiving such praise. Most of my comrades tease me for being so in tune with people's feelings. However, I am glad I can put them into good use for you, my love. You have brought me out of the darkness and into the light as well. I believe we have both played a part in saving each other's lives. Though I was still fully functional, before I met you, I was dead inside. You have made me realize that I still have something worth living for." Eowyn's heart melts at the sound of his words, making her smile up at him. "My love..I will always be with you and at your side..no matter what." Faramir cups Eowyn's face and gives her a loving kiss. "My heart will always belong to you my love. I will never leave your side." He stretches his arms and yawns. "Apologies my love but I am afraid I can no longer pleasure you tonight. Sleep is slowly overtaking me. Sweet dreams, my warrior princess." Faramir wraps his arms around her waist and kisses her on the cheek as he slowly drifts off to sleep. Eowyn closed her eyes and snuggles close to Faramir with a smile on her face as she drifts off to sleep, finally knowing how to pleasure her beloved lord whom she knows will love her back with just as much if not as much love as she would give.