diligently doing just that and the rest of the patrol kept eyes and ears out for any of Sauron's minions allowing the three friends a fairly carefree and happy chance to catch up on their lives. They were now very rapidly approaching the enchanted river that separated King Thranduil's courtyard from the rest of the forest. Elladan could see their horses just ahead of them beginning to trot over the beautiful and magical bridge crossing over the river. The bridge was wrought of stunningly beautiful white marble that gleamed where the sunlight reached down through the gap in the thick canopy over the river but it had one very special feature that far surpassed its beauty. It could become invisible and visible based on the command of the home guards positioned on the other side of the river at the entrance to the courtyard. A feat that never failed to impress any visitors to the Woodland realm. It was a pre-caution that was sadly necessary for the darkness that spread from Dol Guldur was an ever present threat to the wood elves and their stronghold. The network of branches in front the patrol ended and they and the Brethren jumped to the forest floor below before crossing over the bridge and walking into the courtyard where King Thranduil, Crown Princess Rithel, Crown Commander Aglardaer, Commander Halon and assorted councillors were awaiting them. King Thranduil and Princess Rithel both glided down the stairs to greet them looking every inch the royalty that they were followed swiftly by both commanders and the assembled councillors. It was King Thranduil and Princess Rithel who drew the eye though – King Thranduil wore a dark green flowing velvet robe decorated with tiny silver leaves stitched into the hem and sleeves that sparkled with every move he made. Under this open robe could be seen a high collared silver tunic made of the finest silk. Around his neck hung a gold chain adorned with emeralds and tiny rubies, rings of gold, diamonds, white gems and emerald were upon his fingers and in his left ear gleamed a golden hoop roughly the size of a quails egg with an emerald dangling at the bottom of it. Thranduil inclined his golden head in welcome bringing attention to the emerald and mithril crown upon his head fashioned into the shape of interlinking green leaves. " Mae govannen Elrondionnath " hailed King Thranduil in his deep, rich voice, "the Woodland realm welcomes you and is pleased to host you once again." "Indeed Lord's Elladan and Elrohir Mirkwood is most pleased to see you again" added Princess Rithel inclining her own head of silver in greeting. Princess Rithel wore a beautiful circlet of mithril, pearl and white gems with further white gems plaited into her hair which hung in one heavy braid to her hips. She wore a beautiful silken dress in palest pink that served to highlight her pale ivory skin. The assembled councillors and both commanders merely bowed, fists on heart and swept their hands outward and to the side palms facing forward in welcome before chorusing " Mae govannen ." Elladan and Elrohir stepped forward as one bowing and returning the welcome given them by the councillors and commanders in a long practised manoeuvre. " Mae govannen Aran Thranduil and Hiril Rithel" they replied perfectly in sync straightening up from their bow which the warriors behind them and Legolas had copied. "We thank you for welcoming us so graciously to your home." "And we receive the welcome of your councillors and commanders too" added Elladan in acknowledgement to the welcome they had been given by them. " Mae govannen Aran-nin and Hiril-nin " Legolas and the rest of his patrol greeted their Liege and Lady. " Mae govannen Commanders and esteemed councillors" continued Legolas effortlessly slipping into the role of diplomatic Prince, "we are pleased to be able to escort our guests safely and will report shortly Commanders." Crown Commander Aglardaer inclined his head in acknowledgement of his Prince's words. "Well let us not stand out here all evening" smiled Thranduil "There is a feast to properly welcome the Elrondionnath that awaits after all." Suddenly all was action as two stable hands rushed out to guide Alarca and Arauca to the stables whilst the warriors and Legolas headed off to the left of the courtyard towards the army barracks with both Crown Commander Aglardaer and Commander Halon to give their report. Thranduil held his hand out to his daughter Rithel and they led the procession of councillors' back up the stairs and into the palace. "Come my Lords – I will show you to your rooms" Rithel said sweetly as she looked back over her shoulder at the Brethren, "Galion is rather busy at the moment putting the finishing touches to the grand hall for the feast." "Oh Hiril there is no need" began Elladan. "Truly Princess there is no need for one as lovely as you to bother with this task – we well know our way to our rooms" continued Elrohir. "Do you indeed" mused Thranduil, amusement in his voice, "I seem to remember you two getting quite lost every time you have visited these halls." "Adar is right 'Ladan, Elro so come" she whirled around and grabbed their arms "let's makes haste." Thranduil chuckled as he waved them off as they disappeared with Rithel – who looked a delicate beauty but was really a very strong willed (and strong armed) elleth a fact proved now as she threw her earlier delicate decorum to the wind and dragged the twins behind her in a secure grip to their suite. TBC Adar - Father Ions-nin - My sons Peredhil - Half-elven Gwanur-nin - My twin Mae Govannen - Well met Elrondionnath - Sons of Elrond Dirnaith - Military (Troupe/Guard) Mellon-nin - My friend Hiril-nin/Hiril - My Lady/Lady Aran-nin/Aran - My King/King Elleth - Female elf Arauca - Elrohir's horse (Quenya) Swift Alarca - Elladan's horse (Quenya) Agile