her waist, then took the sword from the sheath and smiled grimly, "Hm, look, it's like a bigger version of Sting…except it's a bit rustier…" "Let's hope it's as affective." Came Tammy's response. The pair pushed their way though the macabre chamber and came out the other side a lot filthier then when they had gone in. "We look like the living dead." Kat muttered, brushing at herself in disgust, trying to touch the decaying filth as little as possible. "Yeah," Tammy grinned and put her arms up in front of her, letting her hands dangle at the wrists, "I vant to eat your bvain." Kat sniggered, and it was then that the shadow fell upon them. The hair of the back of the girls' necks bristled and they both looked to the entrance of the chamber they had just come from… Shelob, was looking out at them, clicking her pincers. Kat almost turned and bolted when Tammy gripped her arm, "Don't run." She said in a low voice, "Don't turn your back on her. Walk backwards, very slowly…" then she raised her voice to the spider, "Look, we're leaving, there's no need to hinder us," she drew her sword and let the spider see the blade, "But if you try, we will hurt you, maybe even kill you before you eat us." The plan might have worked, Shelob didn't move as the two teenagers went slowly backwards, but then Kat slipped and fell. Shelob made a triumphant shriek and darted at them. Tammy raised her sword, not having any idea what to do. She hauled Kat up with one hand. "RUN!" the two teenagers turned and ran, Shelob scuddling after them. As they fled Kat fumbled with something in her pocket, drawing out the vial after a moment. She skidded to a halt and turned, Tammy doing the same a little further down the tunnel, spinning around to see what in hells Kat was thinking, "WHADDA YOU DOIN'!?" she roared. Kat ignored her, she was silent for half a moment then called out something in Elvish and holding the phial by the neck, she thrust it in the spider's face as the white light flared. Shelob squealed and backed up, covering her eyes with two forelegs. Behind Kat, Tammy grinned in relief, then her face fell as the spider, roaring, reared up, legs stiff and menacing and struck. It came down heavily on Kat, knocking the vial of light from her hand, the bottle skittering away as the arachnid pinned her to the filthy floor of the tunnel. Tammy yelled and broke into a run, back into the tunnel, as Kat screamed and squirmed as she saw the huge, glistening fangs of the spider coming down upon her. Just as she thought she was going to die in this dark, stinking place, a bright blade was plunged right into the spider's mouth, between its fangs. The spider squealed and scurried backward. Kat heard a sound of disgust and scrambled to her feet, behind her, Tammy was looking at the sword blade, it was covered up to the hilt in black slimy sludge. Tammy pulled a face, then looked up. "C'mon, let's get outta here…" she muttered, Kat nodded, wanting nothing else and the two friends hastily went up the tunnel, retrieving the little phial, leaving the lair of the web weaver and the nightmares that went with, far behind them… They got to the end of the tunnel and came out at the head of the winding stair. Here they paused and Tammy glanced down for recoiling. "Urg…" she mumbled, " Not what I need right now…" Kat looked over the edge as well, then, with a sigh, she turned around and not looking down she began clambering down the precarious stairway. Testing each hold before trusting her weight on it. In this way she climbed, her body protested, aches and bruises beginning to make themselves known, but her mind ignored the feeble cries. Tammy watched her for a moment, then rolled her eyes and followed suit, careful to keep up with Kat's pace, she didn't want to accidentally tread on her friend's fingers… She felt the sword on her back and the phial in her pocket and she glanced up as a cold shiver slid down her spine at the thought that the spider would come to get them, and kept going. As she thought of the monstrosity that was Shelob, she steadily became more and more unnerved, starting climbing more recklessly. It was only when her foot slipped and she nearly fell, only saving herself by clinging to the rock with her fingers, did she calm herself and resume the more careful decent. Answering that she was fine when Kat called up to her. It took a long time, but without resting for more the half and hour altogether, the two girls eventually clambered to the foot of the winding stair. Kat, reaching it first, crouched behind a huge black outcrop of rock to get her breath back. She through an uneasy glance at Minas Morgul, and paused, something was wrong… "Tam…" she said uncertainly, Tammy looked up from brushing dust from her shirt, "Aye?" "Isn't Minas Morgul supposed to be uninhabited now?" Tammy came and peeped out from behind the rock which Kat was resting behind. She eyed the sickly green light that illuminated Minas Morgul. "Yeah…" she muttered after a moment, "It should…" she stood up a little, "I wonder what-" but before she could get a closer look, Kat yanked at the back of her shirt, pulling her back, "Are you crazy!?" she hissed in a furious whisper, "You don't just walk into a place like that !" Tammy chewed the inside of her cheek, glancing at the sinister structure, then looked back at Kat. "Yeah…yeah you're right…sorry…just…wasn't thinkin' then…" Kat watched her friend's eyes for a moment, then nodded. They by-passed Minas Morgul and followed the road away from it. Out of Mordor.