buck against the bedding. It amused the March Warden to see the elf lord writhing on his bed like this but it also excited him. He slowly finished cleaning the other elf before he untied the bonds that had held him captive. Before Elrond could get up off the bed however, Haldir gently placed a hand on his lower back and then rapidly turned him over onto his back. Elrond watched the other elf with curiosity and need as his breaths came out in soft sweet pants. His elf-hood was already rising up towards Haldir's mouth as the guardian moved down on the bed grinning wickedly. He lowered his head with his soft hair caressing Elrond's shaft before he took the elf lord's desire into his mouth. Elrond bucked up in complete surprise as being engulfed in the other elf's mouth. "Ai!" He had been taken this way only once before by the lady but gods this was different. A male knew how to make another cry out in need and now he truly knew why Erestor and Glorfindel continued to bring each other such pleasure. He loved what this elf was doing to him and tore the bedding from the large bed as he forcefully thrust himself even further down Haldir's throat. It was not long after he felt the impending pleasure as his seed flooded forward down Haldir's swallowing throat. Haldir pulled away slowly and then got up off the bed before grabbing Elrond's clothing and throwing them at him. "Get dressed. You will be leaving soon Elrond." Elrond caught his clothes and looked up at Haldir with confusion. "After all this….you do not wish me to remain with you longer?" Haldir looked out the window and sighed sadly as he felt silver tears well up in his blue eyes. "Yes I do Elrond but your people need you as Lorien depends upon me." He turned to gaze at the half-elven lord of Imaldris as the tears slowly danced down his pale cheeks bringing the other elf to him with a love in his eyes. "I know Haldir…I know." He whispered as he slowly brushed the tears away with his delicate fingers. He then moved forward and wrapped his arms around Haldir's naked waist. "I will return to you whenever I can Haldir." Haldir smiled sadly and then brushed his lips against Elrond's before thrusting his wet tongue into the inviting mouth. The kiss was slowly but passionate as both elves fought for dominance and knew that this could be their last kiss for some time. When they pulled away to gaze into each other's eyes, Haldir noticed that Elrond's eyes also held tears but the elder elf kissed his tears away. "Do you promise?" "Aye. I do Haldir. I will return to Lorien in time but the threat of darkness calls me away from your arms." "Then I shall wait for you, my sweet pool of light." Haldir whispered and let Elrond walk from his arms and his Talan. He let his tears fall as he watched his lover walk from his life forever. His entire body shook with sobs even though he would be there to say goodbye one last time but it still broke his heart into two pieces, as he knew that Elrond might forget his promise to him. He walked from the window and soon began to sob openly on his bed. Duty seemed to always pull him away from those he loved but this time it hurt even more than losing his parents. He loved Elrond and it took a night a dark passion to bring those emotions to the surface. Part Five The lord of Imadris looked back at the elves from Lothlorien as he mounted his black stallion. His heart was heavy but he smiled when his silvery blue eyes met the midnight ones of the March Warden. They had shared a deep and enchanting kiss before he had been told by his king Gil-Galad that they needed to leave for Imaldris before it got dark. His lips still tingled with the sensations of their sweet kiss. He had whispered vows of love to Haldir and promises of his return. He then grabbed the reigns of his horse and rode from his lover's sight as they slowly made their way out of the silver woods knowing that darkness would soon threatened what they all held dear to their hearts. ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ The ride had been long and uneventful but for the lord of Imaldris, it was also one of sorrow and heartache. He missed Haldir and it had been months since their last kiss but he was also pleased to see the gates of Rivendell as they rode into the valley. The elves all seemed pleased to be home but as the gates closed and slipped off his horse, he was grabbed with a hand clamped over his mouth to prevent him from crying out. He struggled in fear as he was dragged into the dark shadows of the stables before he was tossed onto the soft hay of the stall. He tried to turn around but before he could do so, he felt his arms being pulled back and cold mithril bindings clamp down on his wrists. He was helpless and moved to scream but a silken scarf was placed in between his teeth effectively gagging him as another blinded his sight with a soft black one. He whimpered and knew there had to be more than one assailant. He could feel the hot breath on his ear making him shiver in both fear and pleasure. "So. You enjoy spying on other elves…do you my lord?" The soft elegant voice said while another elf giggled but with a quick shushing noise, the giggling stopped. To his horror, Elrond knew that voice and those giggles but it couldn't be and how in Arda did they find out about his nightly activities! By the Valar was he in trouble now! The End