"We should have— Mother, forgive us, for not finding you sooner, for allowing you to—" The slightest wince passes through Celebrían's numb features. "I have nothing to forgive you for," she says. "Only... evade me no longer." They bow to her then, and Celebrían walks over to stand between them, leans against the balustrade and surveys the Valley. She closes her eyes against the light wind on her face as her sons move to steady her. She still feels empty. The Lady of the Golden wood looks at her daughter with solemn concern; her heart is heavy. "If Elrond has not healed you until now, he will not," she says. "And if he has not managed, no one on this side of the Sea will." "Do not think I blame him," Galadriel adds when her daughter does not answer. "I could not blame him. However, the truth remains. Consider this, I beseech you, Celebrían, you know there is no life for you here. You can feel it." "Here is my whole life, Mother," says Celebrían; there is more feeling in her voice than has been for a long time, and it breaks; and in Galadriel's wise eyes the Lady of Imladris recognises the truth she already knows, but does not wish to acknowledge: No more. It is then that Celebrían weeps – only then, and Galadriel watches her in silence. She was unable to mourn what had been done to her – not truly, not yet – but this she can: the destruction of the life she had, the realisation it cannot be returned, the further grief and loneliness of her family. And mourn she does. "I have to depart," she says, and her voice is toneless again, but sadness appears on her face; a shadow of pain, all too familiar, passes Elrond's features. "A ship will take me where I shall be healed in truth." I think you know, say her eyes. I think you have known for a long time. I have, say his eyes. I have. "I cannot go with you, Celebrían," he says aloud. "My task here is not done." "I know." The reality of parting settles between them. "I have failed you," he says. Celebrían shakes her head. "I believed I would be the one not to leave you behind," she whispers. He takes her hands in his. "Do not concern yourself with me," he begs, yet his wife gazes at him sombrely. "You and our children are the only ones I am able to concern myself with," she says. They begin the preparations. "Your family shall welcome you," Galadriel tells her. My family is who I am deserting, thinks Celebrían, but says nothing. Arwen is sitting by her, her dark head resting on Celebrían's lap. Galadriel smiles sadly. "It would be foolish to expect excitement on your part," she admits, "but remember, as the daughter of Artanis and the wife of Elrond, Valinor is your home. I am certain you shall find it such." Not until he is with me, thinks Celebrían, but says nothing. (Elrond does not speak of any family in Valinor, and Celebrían is not surprised.) Soon, a company is assembled to escort the Lady of Imladris to the Undying Lands. At Celebrían's insistence, she says her hardest farewells at the very beginning of her journey, in the Last Homely House itself. Her parents are the least distressed; Galadriel is calm as ever, betraying only a tinge of sadness that her daughter would precede her in the journey home, and under such grim circumstances; Celeborn, confident with his age's wisdom and his wife's faith, endeavours to reassure his daughter, unaware that she only has one concern. "Take care of them," she asks of her parents, "in my stead." And no more needs to be said to the Lord and Lady of the Golden Wood. Her children, on other hand, struggle to maintain their composure even as tears glisten in their eyes, each of the three; Celebrían can scarcely believe she will not see them for many long years, and may not see them ever again. "Elladan, Elrohir, Arwen," she addresses them. "I have something to ask of you." They look at her intently, as if in an attempt to preserve her image in their eyes, a desperate fear of parting. "It may be I shall not see you again," she begins. Arwen's eyes widen, the brothers glance between themselves in surprise. "And so I ask of you: choose wisely. Do not look to me; look into your hearts and go where they lead you, even if it is away from me. Remember. You have my blessings." "Yes, mother," Arwen whispers. She is crying openly now; Elladan and Elrohir nod mutely. Celebrían embraces her daughter and looks to her sons. "To you I also say this: do not blame yourselves." She sees understanding on their faces, and a flicker of protestation. "Do this for me," she adds. They nod again, in unison. After this, there is little more to be said, and what is to be said, she whispers to each separately before turning to face Elrond. "You I shall see again for certain," she says quietly, "for you have bound yourself to the marred world, and to me, who am now also destroyed." "Do not say so," he says, "when we see each other, you shall be healed in truth, as much as any one can be in the world to which we are bound; and we shall be together." "And yet I am glad," she continues, as if not hearing him, "that you did not bind yourself to the world for my sake." "I would have, and deemed it worthy," he says, but she only shakes her head, and says nothing, only embraces him; and so comes the most painful moment, yet eventually she steps way, pulls her hands form his, and sets on a journey beyond Middle-Earth, Celebrían, daughter of Celeborn and Galadriel, wife of Elrond, Lady of Imladris.