I watch my father look at me with such love and holds me close. Not even letting my wet nurse take me to the nursery. Even as a child he always wanted near him at all times, that is except for where my bedchamber is. Though to be extra cautious there are always at least two guards that stand vigil in front of my room just on the off chance that an assassin choses me as a target, knowing how my death would impact my father so deeply. "My beautiful daughter, my precious Araella," I hear father whisper. Hearing him say those words make me believe that this is but a figment of my imagination as he would almost never speak to me like that, unless it is a special occasion, but even then he would not say such words. Looking over at my brothers I see them follow father closely behind. It is at this moment that everything begins to blur all around me and I know that I am on the verge of waking up. Waking up I find myself covered in sweat, I also notice that it is dark out, indicating that dawn is still far off. Stretching I leave my heavenly bed and change out of my nightgown and pull on a beautiful dress that is unlike any dress I have ever worn. The lavender color I can honestly say brings out my fair skin color, black hair, and blue eyes. Right after I change I place my clothes that are fit for traveling long distances on my bed. In other words, a set of armor I had the greatest blacksmith in Gondor make for me. It consists of full body light armor that is black as night, gloves of the same color, boots that are also black and tend to be able to muffle my footsteps as they do not make as much noise when I walk, which is excellent when I am trying to sneak into the larder in the middle of the night to steal a few pastries that our wonderful cook made earlier that day, and lastly a hooded cloak. Due to my armor being black it is much easier to blend into the shadows. Looking into the mirror just above the vanity I rummage through my ruck sack and pull out my light red lip coloring and powder. Gently I use soft strokes to try to evenly distribute the powder across my face. Next I lightly run the lip coloring across my top and bottom lips, turning them into a lighter shade of red. Accepting my appearance I walk over to my door and leave my room and struggle to find the dining room. Though the closer I got the easier it is to find as the scent of the food has my mouth watering. Looking around I see that everyone has settled around the long tables and vigorously eating their dinner. Smiling I find that my brother has saved me a seat next to him. For some reason my heart begins to beat erratically when I see that on the other side of me sits the very attractive Legolas, whom I have found out is the prince of Mirkwood. Almost as if it is instinctual my brother looks my eye and beckons me. Not wasting any time I swiftly walk over to him as he stands and takes his hand in mine, and gently kisses my knuckles. Right after he pulls out my chair and I gracefully take my seat. From what I pick up every conversation seems to be about the Ring and the quest to Mordor. Just the sound of the name sends shivers down my spine, though thankfully no one seemed to notice, though if anyone had seen it they kept their mouths shut. After placing the few items of food that looked appetizing I begin to eat and engage in small talk with my brother and surprisingly I actually have a conversation with the aloof Elvish Prince. "If you are able to, or willing to, why did you come to this council?" I ask Legolas, curiosity getting the better of me. He grows quiet, as if he is having an internal debate as to whether or not tell me. After a few awkward moments of silence he seems to have decided on his answer. "My father sent me as a messenger to inform Lord Elrond about a prisoner of ours that has escaped our custody." He simply states, somehow I am able to quickly figure out that that is all that he will tell me. Then again, we have just met and he is under no obligation to tell me things that do not pertain to me or the quest. Thankfully the dinner ended quickly and we all split up to go to the rooms that we are occupying for the duration of our stay. Laying down on the bed sleep seems to elude me. Most likely from the nervousness of the quest that we are about to embark on in just a few hours. After about an hour of laying in bed I finally fall into a light sleep, only to be awakened after what seemed to just have been a few moments. Stretching I let out a sigh and change from my dress to the armor that I have lain out. Once everything is in place I grab my sword and attach it to my hip, for me it is a strange comfort to have it by my side at all times. As soon as that is securely in place I pick up my throwing knives and put them into the various compartment in my armor. One of which I put in my boots and another is strapped to my thigh. Looking around I do a double check to make sure that I have everything that need packed and head out to where we will be meeting up. As always, Read & Review -Kiro