his decision. He laid Elemmirë with the upmost respect gently onto the earth, closing her eyes as he did so and leaving her there, he began walking towards the border of the forest. As he left, he picked up some elvish blades along the way. Legolas walked swiftly and purposely. Leaving the borders without the express permission of the Lady was never allowed in LothLórien, but Legolas was filled with a wrath so terrible that all those who saw him fled his path. So great was his sudden emotion that his eyes were no longer the deep sapphire they once were, but a frightening dark colour. He walked under branch and over root until he eventually came to the edge of the forest with the mountains close at hand. He left the forest and walked over a most uneven terrain until he found a peak at the foot of the great line of mountains, not as large as the mountains but still several feet above the ground. He climbed to the very top - being nimble and athletic, this was a quick and easy task for the Elf - and once up there, he stood alone. His heart felt like it could burst, he had never felt such strong emotion inside him before. There was no grief, only blind fury. In his wrath, therefore, he raised his head towards the skies and screamed at the top of his voice: Sauron, Dark Lord of the East! Heed each word I speak here! Too much blood has been shed by your creatures, by your hand! Your name resounds in whispers across the land but know now that I have no fear of you!! As Legolas spoke, the sky darkened, large clouds gathered and the sound of thunder began to emerge from a distance. You took my kindred, twisted them and destroyed them, either by turning them into your foul creations, or those strong enough to resist you, you destroyed! Those who were never meant to experience death have suffered such a fate!! Just like Elemmirë, whose blood now stains this sacred place! No more! No more of my people in my homeland or in the hidden realms of the Elves shall fall victim to your malice; no more lives shall be taken, for your destruction and fall grows near! A mighty roll of thunder echoed across the sky. The Elves of LothLórien heard it and were afraid, knowing not what was happening, but no-one dared leave the forest to discover the source of the sudden darkness. Legolas then heard the mighty yet terrifying voice of Sauron resound in his ears and in his mind: Fool! You speak to me as one who has the strength to fight me! Surely, you know not to whom you speak? I am Sauron, Lord of the lands of Mordor, soon to be lord of all Middle-Earth unto the ending of the world! How can you say you have no fear of me? I see your heart. You flee to the comfort of the Sea. You flee from me! Your slime of a race deserved no more than to become my slaves! I promise to you, son of Mirkwood, your homeland shall be razed to the ground and your King shall be brought to his knees, as I brought down his fool of a father before him! You shall see their blood spill and the trees burn before you too feel the real power of my hand!! A sudden crack of lightening struck the rock upon which Legolas stood, splitting it in two. Legolas fell from the small peak and hit the ground hard. As he lay there, the storm ended and the clouds above him disappeared. As silence fell around him once again, he pushed himself onto his knees and in desperation, prayed in his mother tongue: Valar of the Heavens, Gods above – I beg of you to grant Elemmirë back the life which was so wrongly taken from her. She caused no harm to you, nor to any other being on this earth. Please … do not take her away … He sighed before finishing: Give me the strength and the courage to aid my friends in this mission. May no more of my friends fall and may his defeat be swift and complete, even if it may cost me my life. He felt a sense of calm come over him, like the sensation one experiences after a long-needed drink or wash. He stood up in all his elven elegance and re-entered the safety of the woods. As he walked, he felt an intense fatigue that he had never felt before – he felt drained and lacking all energy. He continued walking, however, until he reached the place where he had left Elemmirë. But she had gone – only blood-stained grass remained. Legolas realised that the other Lórien elves must have found her and taken her away. After he made this discovery, the sudden fatigue took over him and he fell to his knees on the grass by the river. His eyes fell on the rushing of the cool, clear water and it reminded him of her eyes, the purity of the water of the purity of her spirit and soul. In place of the previous anger he had felt, grief finally took hold and there was no way in which he could fight against it. Legolas knelt there alone, and he, one in this world who should never have had to feel the suffering of losing a loved one, wept openly and heavily. Often they heard nearby Elvish voices singing … but if Legolas was with the company, he would not interpret the songs for them, saying that he had not the skill, and that for him the grief was still too near, a matter for tears and not yet for song. Fin The end. Elvish dictionary: Yrch - Orcs Telin nin thead! – come help me! Elemmirë harnannen! – Elemmirë is hurt!