with evil. Ammon passed through the veils and into Mayadar, appearing in the courtyard of the white castle. The castle stood on the edge of the hill, the west side facing the endless sea and the front faced the east, facing the rest of the world of Mayadar. It was not a large world and was more a meeting place of Glandians. Most of it had been destroyed and fallen out of its realm, what remained was used for the training of Glandians and for some, it was still home. But most of the Glandians now lived in the realm of humans, living among them and blending into their world, acting as secret guardians. Ammon walked to the edge of the courtyard and looked down at the city and closed his eyes. He opened his mouth and to the human ear, no sound came out, but all the Elder Glandians heard his call as he whispered the words into the wind. It is time, come home and meet with me. No matter what realm they were in, all the Elder Glandians heard it and turned, leaving their second in command to take care of the rest of their business as they returned to Mayadar. Ammon turned and walked quickly across the stones and into the castle. He turned to the left and followed the hallway until it opened up into a large room. The floor and walls were white marble that seemed to glow with power and in the center was a long black table with twelve chairs around it. He went to his seat at the foot of the table and waited. He pressed his hands together and let out a long sigh. He could guess what the others would say and he wondered what else he could do. They hadn't seen Elrond, they hadn't seen the desperation and doubt in him. To see an Elvin lord overcome with such darkness and fear was enough to break Ammon's heart. The sound of footsteps broke Ammon's train of thought and in walked the eleven Elders with Malcolm at the front. "I take it Lord Elrond of Rivendell had something important to say?" Malcolm said as he sat down in his seat, the others taking their seats as well. "He has asked for our help. The One Ring of Middle Earth was never destroyed and Sauron has returned," he continued to tell them everything Elrond had told him and what he had been allowed to read of Elrond's mind. The others listened and there was a long silence before anyone spoke. "We left Middle Earth to its fate a long time ago Ammon," Malcolm said, "we cannot interfere now." "Malcolm, there are still men in that world and I believe that this new age that awaits, should Sauron be defeated will be the age of men. The age of Elves is over as are the ages for the dwarves and other creatures there. It will be the time of men and it is our duty to protect them." Ammon said firmly, "and if not for Middle Earth, for our world then. Gandalf was right to think that Sauron will try to find ways into the other worlds once he discovers them. He will find Earth, he will attack it and then we'll have to fight him with the ring of power and we will most likely lose a lot more Glandians in that battle than we would in this one while he's still without his power." Malcolm looked long and hard at Ammon. He was clearly right but there was less than a few thousand Glandians left. "But what will happen to Earth if we send out even a dozen of trained Glandians?" Malcolm asked even though they all understood what would happen. The balance of good and evil would, no matter for how short of a time, would be broken and evil would have an advantage. They all knew how disastrous that could be if anyone caught wind of it and decided to take advantage of their absence. "Then let me take the boys to Middle Earth." Ammon looked up at Malcolm whose eyes widened. "You would take your charges into danger?" He asked. "You know as well as I do that they're hardly my changes anymore. They've all been trained with their gifts, they fight in this world for good and face danger every day." "Elrond has asked for Glandians, Ammon," Damon turned to him, "doesn't he already have the strength of men and elves and dwarves to help him?" "I told him I would not return empty handed." "This world still needs you Ammon, you have other charges or have you forgotten? You've spent so much time focusing on the boys we've often wondered if you've lost sight of the others in your charge." "I have not forgotten," Ammon looked at Malcolm in surprise, "I will take the boys to Middle Earth, Orpheus is one of us-" "Orpheus is still a child!" Damon interrupted. "Yes, he's still very young but he's skilled, he has his mother's will and his father's power. I would trust my charges to him in Middle Earth and I would return." At this, they all fell silent again and each stared off, contemplating what was said. At last, Malcolm spoke. "Do you have complete faith in your charges? To enter a foreign world guided only by a young Elemental?" "Yes, complete faith." Ammon nodded. He knew the boys, together with the Company, the quest couldn't fail. "Then you have my vote." Malcolm turned to the rest of the table, "who else will vote with us?" They looked around at each other for a moment and slowly, one by one, raised their hands. "Then it is so. Go now, take the boys to Middle Earth." Malcolm stood up and the rest of the table followed, Ammon was the last to stand. "Thank you for your confidence." He said and turned, leaving the castle at once.