be your true self when it happened. I don't want you to be some perfect image that only loves me. My brain wants you to do it because you want to do it. For whatever reason necessary," I explained, nervously folding and unfolding my hands. "Alright then, just kiss the girl so we can get out of here Legolas," Strider snapped, he was becoming feral it seemed, from standing in one place too long when there were many important things that needed to be done. "Why a kiss? If I am an image of such close perfection, wouldn't you want more from me?" Legolas asked, his nervousness showing a little as well. Gimli turned his head toward us and rolled his eyes, "It's always about how perfect ye elves are ain't it?" "You thought it was all about Lady Galladriel!" both Legolas and I snap at the dwarf. This caused him to turn away from us again quickly, grunting at us both. "You trapped us here for a simple kiss?" Strider complained, more to himself than to me. "Will you grant my wish? It may answer your question," I asked, lifting my blushing face to meet Legolas' eyes. "I don't see what one kiss would hurt, and if it would answer my question, I would surely welcome it," he said smiling at me warmly. I am not sure if the smile he gave me was to calm me, but that is what it did for my pounding heart. I lowered my eyes to the forest floor again, and I found I was already moving closer to him. I could feel the dead leaves and branches breaking, and the dewy grass and moist ground under my feet. His arms reached out to me in a welcoming like that of an old friend, almost challenging. He could not understand what it was about a simple kiss. I reached towards him, my fully out stretched hands, first feeling the rough texture of his warm wool overcoat. I stepped closer taking in the scent of the woods and battle in his clothing. His hands reached for my upper arms, resting on them lightly. The other two companions melted away into the background in my mind. This was my wish, and I was going to get all that I could out of it. My hands that were feeling the layers of armor he wore, rose up to locks of hair that were hanging over his shoulders. Soft and fine. The feeling of spider's silk is the only way to describe elven hair. I twirled some threads of hair in my fingers, Legolas laughed lightly. My face must have been one of pure amusement then. I looked up into his eyes for the first time since I began walking towards him. A comforting, albeit anxious smile awaited me on his smooth, angular face. I leaned into him then, still keeping my eyes on his face till my own face came too close. I shied away for the moment angling my head into his neck to smell his skin. He smelled masculine, with a hint of the fresh woodlands they were currently traveling through. I closed my eyes to try to etch the smell to memory. He leaned his head down to my neck as well. The emotion that begins when you want to take in every detail in a moment, can entrance even passers by. This to me seemed no different. Just one moment of peace where one can relax and take in everything about that one moment. I leaned back, and my hands went to his face slowly. The tips of my fingers traced his eyebrows down to his completely smooth cheeks. Even though dirt marred his features, it seemed apart of him. The rough dirt making a major contrast to the satin it covered. My thumb touched lightly over his bottom lip. This feeling was common. The warmth of his breath on my thumb and the softness of the skin it also touched. That was one place humans and elves were not different. Legolas kept his hands at about my shoulders, a gentleman he was. Entranced by his eyes again, my left hand went to his shoulder feeling the different blends of fabric in the woodland elves' cloak. My right hand moved its way to the back of his neck my fingers in his hair there. Our faces came closer together, eyes closing slowly as our lips touched. An electrifying warmth at the touch. I pulled back from him to catch more of his lips in the kiss. Our lips drew each other closer for a moment that seemed like forever to me, but was only a second's time. His companions came back into frame. Gimli commenting, "That was a kiss?!" Strider replying, "To the girl, this has got to be a memory to last a lifetime. Dreams come and go, and only rarely repeat as fantasies. She wants to remember it for all it's worth." A grunt from the dwarf could be heard. Our lips still touching lightly we both pull away, my eyes remaining closed. "Your wish has been granted. What will you do now?" he whispered to me. I replied, "Never open my eyes." "Why not? Do you not want to look at me once more?" "I could not, even if I wanted to, once my eyes open, you will be gone and a new dream awaits me." "Do not keep your eyes closed for me. If your dreams can bring you here, they could take you anywhere," and with that I could feel his lips on my forehead. This shocked me into opening my eyes with a snap. There before me stood the ugliest, tallest, demon to ever walk the earth. I shuddered a second and realized it was all gone, the wood, the little house in the middle of nowhere and the three travelers. Only memories. And now I had to run. A new house and demons await me.