"But dearie, I have many kind bones in my body for all people." She replied. I gave her a glare. "That's exactly why you don't have them now! You don't HAVE a body!" I wailed. There was a pause. Dad burst into laughter. "I think we'd forgotten that." I sulked. Seriously. I'm beginning to regret that they're here. Or maybe not. ... "I'll make sure it gets to him right away." I assured Nerdanel with a smile, and she nodded. "Thank you." She said, and I thought myself away. Mairon had volunteered to help the four parents with any questions they might have, and in the meantime I was running errands for lord Nàmo. I arrived in front of Feänor's door, and the two Maia nearby gave me sympathetic looks when I grimaced. I grinned at them wryly. "And to think that he's my adopted father." I said sarcastically, and they chuckled at me. "By the way, where's Maranwë?" I asked, and one of them pointed down the hall. "Complaining about some paperwork, as usual." He winked, and I laughed as I placed a hand on the one-way doorknob. I opened the door on my knees and was relieved that I did as a book flew over my head. I winced and shuffled in. "Ata?" I queried. The next book froze in Feänor's hand. "Oh. It's you." He sneered, and I smiled. That was Feänor, alright. "Yes, Ata, it is I. I have brought you a reply from Naneth." I said, and handed it to him with a slight bow. There was a pause as Feänor studied me, seemingly suspicious, and a slight undercurrent of something else that I couldn't define. Then he took the letter. "Should I leave you to read it in private, my lord, or shall I stay?" I asked politely, and he did a double take. "Stay. There's a seat." He waved negligently in the direction of a chair by the bed which I suspected master used sometimes. I sat down in it, calling a timetable to my hand that was filled out for the next day by Maranwë, head of the Maiar under lord Nàmo. This was my schedule: Morning 9:00-11:00 - report for duties. Míleth, you are responsible for Feänor's needs for now. You are allowed to take breaks when needed for attending to your other two newly reborn charges. Noon 11:00-12:00 - break Afternoon 12:00-4:00 - Feänor. Help your parents as needed. More shall be added if necessary. Stand by. "You. Míleth." Feänor stated, and I stood, tucking the schedule into my pocket. "Yes, Ata?" I answered, and he motioned for me to come closer. "Nerdanel says that she will be moving in with you and our sons?" He asked. I nodded. "Yes, she will be." I confirmed, and he gave me an indecipherable look. "I see. Return this to her, then." Feänor said, and handed me an envelope. Then he paused. I waited patiently. "How- are my sons?" He asked grudgingly. I blinked. "They are well, my lord. Maitimo is well, and is a very good big brother to us all." I smiled faintly. "Káno is engaged to my sister in the thought of Eru, Aegliriel, and is very happy. He sings often as well. Moryo is as dark and grouchy as ever, always denying that he loves dear and only adopted sister and the rest of the family." My lips twitched. "Tyelko is very happy with Drago, descendant of Huan, and Drago's puppies. He is as blonde and fair as ever. Curufin is still in these halls, refusing to leave until his- our- father does." I went on, ignoring the look he shot me. "Pityo and Telvo are as adorable as ever, being reborn as elflings. They have attached themselves to Elíl and Lir. All in all, we are very happy and eagerly awaiting for you to join us, Ata." I finished neutrally, not displaying any dominant emotion. Feänor seemed to digest the information, and then waved me away in a clear dismissal. "I see. Thank you." He tacked the last sentence on with a condescending air, ignoring my last comment. I bowed. "I live to serve. Rest well, my lord." And I made my retreat. As soon as I closed the door, I ran down the hallway, hand over my mouth. Maranwë looked up at from the fountain he was sitting at in a rare break. "Something wrong, Míleth?" He asked in concern. I turned to him, and then promptly blurted. "OHMYVALAR I-cannot-do-this-Feänor-is-such-a-prick-it-hurts-but-I-feel-so-guilty-becuase-he-is-my-adopted-father-and-I-want-to-help-him-but-I'm-afraid-I-can't-becuase-I'm-so-annoyed-and-I-don't-know-how-to-handle-this-and-I-seriously-need-help-and-GAAH-I'M-SO-ANNOYED!" I sat down next to him despondently as he took a moment to formulate a reply. "...come again?" He asked. I shot him a glare. He chuckled and patted my head fondly, ruffling it. "Don't worry, I think all of the Valar and Maiar feel that way about him." He said, and I rolled my eyes. "Very helpful, Maranwë, thank you so much." I said sarcastically, and he sniggered. "You are most welcome, Míleth." He replied gleefully. "...you are having way too much fun with this, you sadist." I said, and standing, swept away down the hallway, where to I'm not sure. "You sounded eerily like Estáno at the end there!" He called after me. I turned and looked at him. "What?" He raised an eyebrow. "You haven't heard of Estáno? He's a Maia under lord Tulkas, you should go see him." Maranwë replied. I blinked. "O-kay? Will do, I guess." And I walked off again. Come to think of it- I thought myself to the sundial in the garden. It was four o clock. I sighed in relief, and after delivering the letter to Nerdanel, thought myself back home. This. Had been a loooong day. The idea of the Bermuda Triangle being the Straight Path that leads to Valinor was inspired by a conversation with Peregrin Took the Falcon. Look it up on Wikipedia and you'll understand how much it makes sense. Translations: Hannon lle, Atto. Tye melin: thank you, dad. I love you. (Quenyä) review?