for Legolas was wearing an odd assortment of mismatched colors and patterns. It mattered not to Thranduil. He did not have the heart to say anything that would dampen his son's spirits. He finally saw that lively, energetic child, not that quiet, soft-spoken one. Anyways, he'd just make his son bathe after the lesson. Hand in hand, father and son made their way down the worn path towards the archery range. Thranduil appeared calm on the outside but inside he felt giddy with excitement. The prospect of teaching Legolas the art of the bow brought forth fond memories Thranduil had of his father, teaching him archery as a tiny elfling. Thranduil's relationship with his own father had been complicated. Archery was one of few happy times he could clearly recall. He was excited to create similar memories with Legolas, passing on the knowledge connecting generations of sons to fathers, through the precious bonds they shared. When they approached the archery range, Thranduil was unsurprised to find it empty. They had been allotted a certain privacy that only came with waking up at the crack of dawn. It was for all the better, Thranduil did not wish for any spectators. The pair stopped before a target, the Elvenking set aside the bow and quiver he was holding and turned towards his son, he knelt down to the elfling's level and made eye contact. "Now Legolas, before we begin, there are some rules we must discuss. I need you to listen carefully." Legolas nodded in understanding, looking intently at his father. "I need you to understand that archery is not a game and the bow is not a toy," Thranduil said holding up the bow. "A bow is a weapon, a tool of war and must be treated with respect. Do you understand?" "Yes Ada," Legolas said, nodding his head. "Any misuse of this weapon can result in an unintentional injury, and in serious instances can be fatal." Legolas gulped and nervously nodded. Thranduil warmly smiled, brushing hair away from Legolas' face. "Do not be nervous Legolas, I am telling you these things because they must be said and understood. I do not mean to frighten you. If you follow my rules, nothing ill will happen." "Yes, Ada," Legolas whispered. "Now Legolas," Thranduil said. "You must understand this, you are not permitted entrance into the archery range unless I am with you. Also, you are only allowed to practice archery in the archery range, not the armory. Do you understand?" "Yes, Ada." Thranduil knew that when Legolas was older he would be able to trust Legolas enough to practice on his own, but as of right now it would be too dangerous for the elfling to be at the ranges unsupervised. Considering that most elves usually didn't start weapons training until they reached their majority at 50 years. "Now before we begin there is one more thing," Thranduil said. He hid a smile as he saw Legolas impatiently shift his weight. The child was just edging to begin. "Give me your left arm." "Ada, we already checked it, it is healed," Legolas protested, holding it defensively. Thranduil held out is hand, silently waiting for Legolas to comply. Legolas sighed and slowly placed it into his father's waiting hand. Before Legolas knew what was happening, a piece of soft leather was slipped onto the appendage. Legolas' eyes widened. It was remarkably beautiful. Made of soft dark leather, with elegant intricately stitched silver and green leaf patterns along the seams. "What is it?" Legolas asked in awe. "Do you like it?" "It is beautiful!" Legolas beamed. "I am glad. This is an arm guard. It will prevent that painful injury," Thranduil explained. "This was mine from when I was an elfling. I too learned to use the bow at a young age, though for different reasons." Legolas looked up at his father in interest. His father rarely talked about his childhood. "When you are ready, I will give you one for your right arm. You will learn to use both arms proficiently. I will not have you be underestimated in battle. You will be balanced," Thranduil determined. Legolas smiled, excited by the very thought. "Ada, may we begin now?" "Aye," Thranduil said as he positioned Legolas in front of the nearest target. He quietly explained how to properly hold the bow, adjusting Legolas footing and grip. He would have his son learn properly, for anything worth doing was worth doing right. Satisfied with Legolas' posture Thranduil took his position behind his child. He selected an arrow from the quiver. Together they nocked it, and pulled the bow back to full draw. Legolas did not have the upper body strength required to pull the bow to full draw on his own, and he wouldn't for some years to come. Legolas could barely stand still as they together took aim and released the tension on the bow, sending the arrow fly through the air. It arched wide and went landing straight into the bush. Legolas couldn't believe it. "Ada! Ada! We did it! I shot an arrow!" Legolas excitement was infectious as Thranduil stood up and spun the elfling around in the air. If Legolas was this excited about missing the target, he couldn't wait to see his reaction to actually hitting it. Thranduil's heart warmed at that untainted look of pure happiness on his son's face. How he missed that smile. Thranduil vowed he would do all he could to see that smile, to see his elfling's happiness. He would make an effort to practice archery with Legolas, as often as Legolas wanted. In fact he decided he would make an effort to spend as much time with his son as he could. No matter how stressed he was or how tired. This child was the most important thing in his life. And together with time, practicing archery would slowly heal the tender wounds of their hearts, strengthening their relationship as father and son. Fin