down at the Dwarf. He was on the floor, an astonished look on his face. The shattered pieces of his axe lay beside him. With a grunt, he got up and returned to his seat. I felt the stares of everyone upon me. Prising my fingers apart, I dropped the ring down on to the table. Drawing in a shuddering breath, I stared down at the Ring for a few moments. Faint whispers floated towards me and I suddenly jolted away. Ignoring the shocked stares of everyone, I moved back to stand with Frodo, eyes fixed firmly on my feet. There was a long beat of silence before Elrond spoke, addressing the Dwarf. "The ring cannot be destroyed, Gimli, son of Gloin, by any craft that we here possess. The ring was made in the fires of Mount Doom. Only there can it be unmade. The ring must be taken deep into Mordor and cast back into the fiery chasm from whence it came. One of you must do this." Elrond's tone was grave. Involuntarily, I cast a look at Legolas. Our eyes met and a shock raced through me. I broke the gaze, jaw clenched tightly against the swirling in my stomach. "One does not simply walk into Mordor. Its black gates are guarded by more than just Orcs. There is evil there that does not sleep. The great Eye is ever watchful. It is a barren wasteland, riddled with fire, ash, and dust. The very air you breathe is a poisonous fume. Not with ten-thousand men could you do this. It is folly." Boromir spoke quickly, his face incredulous. Everyone started talking at once. Then, it turned in to shouting. It was chaos. I sighed gently, watching the ensuing madness. Looking down at Frodo, I found him quite calm, seeming almost uncomfortable with all the noise. My eyebrows furrowed as a thought snaked in to my head. The Hobbit had borne the Ring to Imladris from Bree – Aragorn had explained his part in escorting Frodo and his Hobbit friends. It had been a rather long journey and for Frodo to resist the Ring's influence for that long was remarkable. He should have fallen in to darkness after being stabbed, and yet, here he was, healing well. Who was to say that he could not take the Ring all the way to Mordor? As if sensing my gaze upon him, Frodo looked up. He stared up at me, eyes wide and confusion in his face. He glanced back at the arguing, and quite suddenly, turned back to me. Something told me I knew what he was going to say and I merely gave him an encouraging nod. Turning back to the chaos, he took a deep breath and spoke up. "I will take it." His voice was lost in the noise. With a determined look, he stood and tried again. "I will take it!" His voice rose to a shout. Silence fell as everyone looked towards the little Hobbit. "I will take the Ring to Mordor! Though…I do not know the way." Frodo looked a little abashed and shifted uncomfortably under the gazes of those before him. "Then, I shall go with you. You have my allegiance." The words spilled from me before I could fully think about the implications of what I was committing myself too. Staring round at the gathered people, I straightened up, drawing a little closer to Frodo to make it clear that I would not back down. "I will help you bear this burden, Frodo Baggins, as long as it is yours to bear." Gandalf came forward, placing his hands reassuringly on his shoulders. Frodo smiled at the wizard, and I began to grow more confident as Aragorn walked forwards and knelt before Frodo. "If by my life or death, I can protect you, I will. You have my sword." Aragorn rose and stood beside Gandalf, nodding at me. "And you have my bow." Legolas walked over to join us, bowing slightly to the Hobbit. I kept my gaze forward, not daring to look at him. For a moment, I felt eyes upon my face before he moved to stand next to Aragorn. I pushed away the sudden feeling of disappointment, hands clenching at my sides. "And my axe!" Gimli came forwards too, the growled words seemingly directed at Legolas. A small smile crept on my face at the Dwarf's animosity, a little glad it was not directed at me. "You carry the fate of us all, little one. If this is indeed the will of the Council, then Gondor will see it done." Boromir spoke unexpectedly, walking to stand with us all. I gave him an approving look and he gave me a short nod, obviously getting over our earlier differences. Elrond glanced over us all and opened his mouth to speak, when a rustling in the bushes interrupted him. Sam appeared and ran to stand beside Frodo. "Mr Frodo is not goin' anywhere without me!" He crossed his arms defiantly, his chin raised. "No indeed. It is hardly possible to separate you two even when he is summoned to a secret council and you are not!" Elrond's words were tinged with amusement, eyes gleaming as he took in the newest addition. Suddenly, two more Hobbits ran out from behind pillars to join Frodo and Sam. With a smile, I recognised them - Merry and Pippin. I had not exchanged more than a few words with them since they arrived several days ago; I had been kept busy with Frodo. "Wait! We're coming too!" Merry cried out, grinning at Elrond. "Anyway, you need people of intelligence on this sort of mission, quest…thing." Pippin nodded enthusiastically as Merry rolled his eyes. "Well, that rules you out, Pip!" Merry whispered to his friend, nudging him. Elrond smiled and inclined his head. He was silent for a minute, and then he addressed us. "Ten companions…so be it. You shall be the Fellowship of the Ring!"