rude when the situation calls for it." Sam retorted crossing her arms. "Remember when we left Bree?" "Ah yes." He nodded with a chuckle. "You threw your half-eaten apple at that Bill Ferny bloke when he was jeering at us and hit him right square in the nose. Quite surprised me, if you must know." "I'm a bit ashamed of it though." She admitted. "Truly?" She nodded. "Waste of a perfectly good apple, it was." Frodo laughed at that. Sam felt happy that he was receiving some much needed mirth. "If you want the truth," he told her. "A part of me was cheering you, and wishing I had the gumption to do something of that kind." "Ah, well, perhaps next time." "So," he began. "You and the Lady Arwen seem to have become fast friends." The lady hobbit blushed. "I can't be too sure 'bout that; like as not she's just being polite and gracious to a star-struck little halfling." "Nonsense! I'm sure she found you quite enchanting." He certainly did. "Well, she had the most interesting girlhood." Sam continued. "For example, the day she was born…" Frodo didn't really listen to the story. Not that he didn't find Arwen's life interesting, but because he found the speaker even more captivating. He watched, as Sam became engrossed in the retelling, her russet eyes shining like stars reflecting off of the surface of coffee. (Being a hobbit, his thoughts would inevitably turn to things edible) Her strong, calloused hands moved to add emphasis, hands that had known work and hardship and clasped his own when he needed support. Her hair was pinned up, but a few curls still danced over her brow and behind her ears. Yes. She was utterly captivating, and didn't even realize it. Sam was certainly feeling more comfortable. She'd felt very silly about just running off when Gimli made a comment that made her feel as if she had been caught doing something, but some time away had cleared her head, and she had the added benefit of seeing Elrond's daughter face to face and having a proper girl-to-girl visit. But at some point, she stopped talking when she noticed the way Frodo was looking at her. He had an undeterminable expression, lips curved into a gentle smile, blue eyes softly glowing. His expression was a soft one, and yet there was something intense and revealing about his gaze, so much so that, for the first time in goodness-knows-when, she was unable to meet his gaze. He felt a small trill when she paused, saw him staring, then ducked her head, glancing at him with a light flush appearing beneath her freckles. "What…what are you looking at me like that for?" She stammered quietly. "Like what?" he asked softly. All moon-struck and starry-eyed; like Aragorn looks at Arwen. Like Faramir's been looking at Eowyn. But what she ended up saying was, "Almost like Gollum looked at the Ring." Immediately, she mentally kicked herself. That was the worst possible thing to say, especially this soon after the fact. And sure enough, Frodo's smile dropped a fraction and a shadow passed over his handsome features. But it only lasted for a moment, and when he saw her wince at her blunder, he gave her a reassuring smile and gently grasped her hands. "It's alright: I know what you meant." His thumb grazed over the top of her hand. "Perhaps," He chose his words carefully. "All people look a similar way when they gaze upon that which they hold most precious to them." She didn't seem to get his double meaning, so he continued. "But unlike Sméagol, I've taken my treasure for granted time and time again." He gave her a meaningful look, brushed aside a curl hanging over her ear, and her eyes started to widen with realization. "I don't deserve this beautiful gem that is most dear to me in this world, but all I want now is to keep it safe from all harm, and let everyone know what it means to me." Sam's mind was running around in circles, trying to convince herself she was hearing what it sounded like she was hearing, and trying to understand his words, but all thought came to a halt when she realized he was leaning closer. Or was she the one leaning closer? He moved cautiously, afraid of frightening her off and ruining everything. He saw surprise flicker before her eyes fluttered close. There was no room for misinterpretation. He breathed her name in a voice that was barely audible. Eyes closing, he slid his nose next to hers… But stopped there, leaving the final decision up to her. Immediately, Sam closed the hair's-breadth distance and slanted her lips over his own. Neither could remember a time when so many strong emotions flowed so freely. Silent, miniature fireworks exploding behind their eyelids, stomachs and chests fluttering as if whole flocks of tiny birds were trapped inside, and the single realization settling and illuminating from within: I love you. They remained for a good few minutes before parting, exchanging shy smiles. "Samantha Gamgee," Frodo began. "I want to promise you something." "What is that?" She could barely speak, trying not to break into giddy laughter. "I promise to never take anything you do for granted ever again." He declared. A giggle slipped out, and he pressed another soft kiss to her brow. "I don't know what to say…" She murmured. "You don't have to say anything." Frodo assured. He gave a sigh. "You are too good to me, though there is no way I will ever be able to repay you for all that you've done." "Perhaps not." She conceded, then gently grasped his chin and brushed her thumb along his lower lip. "But you're making a fine start." As you may have guessed, I took elements from both the books and the films. And, yes, Sam actually does throw an apple at a rotten person in the book.