in our home." Lorelei smiled and nodded her thanks. If Gleothen hadn't looked confused before, he did now. "Mother," he began, but was stayed by her hand. "There isn't much to tell you in company, son," she said. "Our purpose is fulfilled." Gleothen just stared at her and Lorelei again smiled. "I believe this is something best shared on your own," she said. "I thank you for your hospitality, however the time has come to take my leave." The mother nodded and hastily stood. She offered the formal goodbye elves often exchanged, a bow of the head and a hand moving from the heart outward. Lorelei repeated the motion, and was quite surprised to notice that the Ranger beside her did as well. She did not ask him about it, however, and simply turned and left the house, her mind buzzing with the news she just learned. All she had to do was figure out the poem, no doubt a riddle, and Blood Whistler would be in her grasp. Beside her Ishta trotted, and the Ranger followed. Lorelei ignored the Ranger and continued on her way quickly. She had been held up by the orc, but she did not want to fall behind or her father's men might catch up to her. She had been gone for more than three weeks, after all. It was likely the warriors had already been to Greenwood, and quite possibly already returned to her father, if they were traveling with haste. Considering she was the daughter of the king, it wasn't outrageous to say that they were. Behind her, the ranger continued to trudge along. Obviously he had been traveling the same way as her before, otherwise he wouldn't have passed the small farm, but Lorelei did not want him to be behind her the whole way so she opted not to return to the main road as she figured he would. After quite a few minutes of silence, Lorelei glanced over her shoulder and, to her annoyance, she found that the Ranger was still there. "He does not relent," she growled down to Ishta who simply smiled. "Perhaps he thought that since he saved you he'd get a little something?" Lorelei looked down at the wolf with disgust, knowing very well what she was referring to. "That would be what I would expect from a foolish child, but he is no fool nor is he so young amongst his people that he would try that," she snapped and sped up in her walking. Again she looked behind her and cursed under her breath. He was still following her. "Calm down, Lorelei," Ishta interrupted her thoughts. "He's probably just heading in the same direction. In a little while he'll turn off to the side and you'll never see him again." It seemed likely at the time. An hour later, however, and he was still right behind the unlikely duo. Finally, Lorelei stopped and turned around to face the Ranger. "Is there reason in which you trail me?" she asked through slightly clenched teeth. The Ranger responded patiently and quietly as though Lorelei was simply a child throwing a temper-tantrum. That only served to irritate her more, considering she had probably lived twenty of his life times, at the very least. "I'm not following you," he said. "I just happen to be traveling in the same direction." "You can go around me or take a different route," Lorelei pointed out. "You don't have to walk in my footsteps." "And have another orc attack you?" he asked with a small smile. Lorelei narrowed her eyes and again turned around to go on to where she was headed. It wasn't much of a surprise when she heard the Ranger again begin to walk behind her. She did her best on tuning out his surprisingly light footsteps, and it worked. After but a few moments of concentration all Lorelei heard was Ishta's quiet paw steps at her side and the birds singing heartily of the new spring. The sun was rising to its peak but the shade of the trees kept the air cool. A breeze from the mountain succeeded in chilling the small forest, pulling the temperature down even more. "So," the Ranger finally interrupted her concentration; she had wondered when he would speak. "You're from Narmo Rilli?" Lorelei did not face the Ranger as she replied, "Perhaps." "You're not going to reveal anything, are you?" "Certainly not." The Ranger smiled at her bluntness. "Then I suppose it will be me first. I'll give you my name and you'll give me yours." Lorelei paused. "If you know where I hail from then you know my name," she said. "I know what you told the barkeeper," the Ranger replied. Lorelei again remained silent. Would this be the time to choose an alias? Perhaps if she did she would be in less danger of being found. "The name I gave him was correct," Lorelei finally said. In her experience deceiving only led to more deceiving, and she did not want to spin herself into a web of lies. Besides, none knew of her, she had never before ventured out of the forest alone. It was unlikely she would come to any harm from it. The Ranger behind her nodded and said, "It is good to meet you then, Lorelei. Many people call me Strider." (A/N): Well~ This is a co-op fanfic that I am doing with Gael Drake, she is awesome. Although she hasn't posted any stories yet... So don't try to look at her stories because they are nonexistent online so far.. She will post soon. Lol, I made her get the account a few weeks ago so she's not very far yet. X3 BACK TO IMPORTANCE. Hope you liked the chapie and you should tell us how we did so that we can actually finish the second chapter. (It's started, promise. We just haven't finished.) The review box is empty. Make it unempty. Please~ -KC & GD