his hair as his hands lightly trailed up and down her back. "Thank you." His whispered words almost not reaching her ears as he placed a soft kiss to the top of her head. She lifted her eyes to his. "For what, sire?" "For trusting me." "You are my king." "Yes," he paused, licking his lower lip. "We should get you cleaned up and dressed." All she could do was nod. A cold fear sank into her heart as she thought about what waited for her on the other side of his door. Thranduil helped her from the bed, catching her as her knees trembled. Both from the experience and her sudden dread. Once he made sure she was steady, he fetched a damp cloth from his bath chamber and wiped his scent from her skin. He helped her back into her dress and did up the lacings in the back. Alassë picked up his robe and handed to him, which he quickly slipped on and tied the knot around his hips. "What do I say?" she asked stupidly, as Thranduil urged her to sit on the edge of the bed as he braided back her long hair. "Nothing. Legolas will understand in time." "Do you honestly think he can forgive me?" Her question barely a whisper. Securing her braid at the bottom, Thranduil turned her around to face him again. "You were being an obedient servant to the crown. If he is to blame anyone for this, it will be me. I hated my father for what he did to my wife." "Then, why do it?" "Part of it was pure selfishness on my account for Legolas has laid claim to the most beautiful elleth in the kingdom," he started, running his fingers over her flushed cheeks. "But to teach him what I had learned." "What can there to learn from this?" "He will protect you with every fiber of his being, because his very life will depend on it. Because next time someone was to try and lay claim to you, it maybe not be someone such as I, but an enemy who would do you harm. The pain he no doubt feels in this moment, will be nothing compared to losing you. To see you taken right before his eyes and feeling the pure hopelessness of not being able to do anything about it." The sadness and coldness that crept into his eyes in those moments, shook her to her core. He had known loss, he had felt it as purely as anyone possibly could. She reached up and touched the necklace at her throat. "So, he will never have to suffer as you have." Thranduil nodded. "Losing her was the hardest thing I have ever had to endure. But living for him. For my son. It's what kept me from giving into my despair. Love him, Alassë. Love him as only you can." She embraced him suddenly, wrapping her arms around him one last time. Not as a lover but as a friend. "I promise, my king. He will only know love." "Good. Now to go him, before he breaks down my door." Alassë couldn't help the chuckled that bubbled up inside her. She raced to the door and threw it open. Legolas still sat in his father's desk chair, hunched over and his face buried in his hands. She raced to his side, wrapping her arms around his shoulders. He trembled as he collapsed into her embrace. "Forgive me, please forgive me," he murmured as he peppered her face in kisses. "I am unharmed." Her words acting as like a balm on his soul as she tenderly wiped the tracks of tears from his face. All he could do was nod as she helped him to his feet. His posture went stone stiff as he caught a glance of his father leaning against the doorframe to his room. Thranduil watched his son, seeing the anger that bubbled beneath the surface. Legolas kissed his wife on the forehead before stepping away from her and towards his father. The two stared at each other for a long hard moment, before Legolas punched him hard, Thranduil's head snapping to one side. A very rare smirk crossed his face as his tongue peeked out to touch the blood on his lip, but he said nothing. This only seemed to enrage Legolas further, whose hands were balled up into tight fists at his sides. But even Legolas knew better than to provoke his father further. He spun on his heel and marched back to Alassë's side. Wrapping an arm around her waist, he guided her from the room. He paused by the door for a moment, not bothering to turn around. "We leave for Imladris in two days to answer Lord Elrond's summons to the council. You will not deter me." His voice calm and even. Thranduil didn't answer, but simply watched his son leave with his wife. He stayed leaning against the door for several long moments. Thranduil always got what he wanted and tonight was no exception. His son had learned the most valuable lesson he could have taught. Something he himself had also learned in the hardest way possible. Besides, he should have seen the blow from Legolas coming. Thranduil did have to give the boy credit for doing it after the fact, best way to avoid the punishment he did not want to endure. Thranduil chuckled despite himself and pulled out a clean piece of paper and began drafting a letter to Lord Elrond. THE END. AUTHOR'S NOTE : Thank you for reading this weird little fic! Like I said in the beginning, it popped into my head and refused to leave. Lol. So this is the end. But I have a feeling I'll be writing more Thranduil featured stories, since he is such a fun. Hats red to write. Thank you again and please let me know what you think! Elven Kings need love too!