dress ? "Lady Merileth!" Elrond called out from behind him, "Slow down! You're going to-," Too late. Legolas sped around a corner only to find out that there was no longer any floor beneath his feet. He fell down the set of stairs rather painfully and crashed through the doors opposite. How bad could his luck get? A lot worse it would seem. Legolas sat up and looked around him in a daze. He seemed to be surrounded by people. Finally reorienting himself, Legolas was horrified to find himself sitting in the entrance of the Hall of Fire. All around him elves were letting out appalled gasps and one said, 'Prince Legolas?" in a tone of disbelief. It was fairly unbelievable; Prince Legolas of Mirkwood sitting on the floor in a torn dress after falling down a set of stairs, but, after his hair had come undone and his chest was revealed through a tear in the bodice of his dress, it was obvious to all who 'Lady Merileth' really was. Then, quite unexpectedly, someone laughed. Suddenly, the hall was filled with snickers and giggles. It seemed as though everyone might laugh this whole strange incident off, but King Thranduil was not so intent on having this embarrassing occurrence set aside so lightly. "What, in the name of Eru, is going on here?!" he roared. Abruptly, all the laughter stopped and Legolas cowered; trying to make himself as small as possible. 'Err, Adar, I can explain…" Legolas started feebly, trying to think of how to describe all that had occurred, "Erm…" "It was our fault!" Elrohir stepped forward dragging Elladan with him. The King of Mirkwood turned his glare upon the sons of Elrond, causing Elrohir to gulp and Elladan to shove the other twin in front of him. "Really," said Thranduil in a deadly, soft voice, "Then you should be able to explain?" "ArwenwantedNanaandshewas-," Elrohir started. "Slow down," Thranduil commanded. Elrohir took a deep breath and started over, "Arwen wanted Celebrian, but she was at the meeting, so we asked Legolas to step in as a substitute mother. And then Elrond came to get us for dinner, but didn't recognize Legolas and ended up asking him to come to dinner, and then one thing led to another…," he trailed off. The hall was completely silent as everyone waited for Thranduil's reaction. "I see," Thranduil said evenly before he turned back towards his son. Legolas could have sworn that he saw his father's lips twitch at the sight of him, "Well, Legolas, I have to say… you make quite a convincing girl." Legolas went tomato red, the tension in the room finally broke, and everyone dissolved into hysterical laughter at the sight of the embarrassed Prince. Later, many were convinced that they had even seen Erestor laughing. When the festivities ended and everyone staggered back to their homes (all had been feeling rather merry after the bizarre occurrence and there had been an overabundance of wine set out…), Legolas, Elrohir, and Elladan were told to come to Lord Elrond's study to explain their actions in full. There, they described the whole tale from beginning 'til end in the presence of Lord Elrond and King Thranduil. By the end of it, both fathers were having trouble keeping their expressions severe. "So you lied to me," began Elrond, raising an eyebrow. The twins gulped and Elladan asked meekly, "You won't tell Naneth will you?" Elrond looked amused, "It is up to me and Thranduil to decide the consequences of this… incident." "Indeed," Thranduil agreed, "It would seem that we have much to consider. After all, the crown prince of Mirkwood parading about as a girl is hardly a trivial matter." "But you are dismissed while we consider it," added Elrond. The three boys got up; looking rather subdued, and made there way to the study's door. Opening it, they found Glorfindel on the other side. "Ah, Legolas! I was wondering; would you still care for a dance?" asked Glorfindel with a wink towards the prince. Legolas let out a horrified shriek and sprinted past the balrog slayer; fleeing the study. Elladan and Elrohir took off after him and Glorfindel let out a booming laugh. Entering the study, he tossed himself languidly onto a chair and asked, "So, have you decided on their punishment yet? I hope it's nothing too harsh, the whole occurrence was rather amusing." Elrond shook his head, "We have decided on nothing yet, but rest assured that we will judge fairly." Thranduil, however, was glaring resolutely at Elrond's seneschal, "And why should we tell you anything?! You have proved yourself to be an irresponsible, flirting… idiot! Your behavior towards my son, despite being in the guise of Lady Merileth, was entirely inappropriate!" Glorfindel regarded Thranduil's furious demeanor for a moment before throwing his head back and roaring in laughter until tears fell from his eyes. Recovering himself, he answered the king, "My dear Thranduil, do you really think Legolas's disguise had me fooled? It would take more then a change of appearance for me not to recognize that particular troublesome elfling. His constant insistence to join Elladan and Elrohir in devising ploys to both amuse me and annoy me, has made certain of it. As I said before, the whole occurrence was rather entertaining." And elsewhere in the Last Homely House, the Rivendell Lady, whom had sat beside 'Lady Merileth' in the Hall of Fire, was trying to decide how to go about confronting Legolas and asking for her dress back … The End Elvish Language Translations: Elleth- a female elf Ellon- a male elf Nana/Naneth- Mom/Mother Ada/Adar- Dad/Father Gi fuion! Ego, mibo orch!- roughly translates to 'I am disgusted with you! Go kiss an orc!' Tithen min- little one Valar- could roughly be described as the elvish gods Eru- the elvish equivalent of God Mandos- one of the Valar A/N- So Glorfindel finally gets his revenge on Legolas for constantly pranking him. I hope you enjoyed! Please review.