began trembling at the sight of Legolas, but answered, "M-my prince, w-we may have made a mistake." ~.-Flashback-.~ Doronor stood with Lalvon and Toron; awaiting their instructions for the day from Galion. As servants to the king, this could consist of anything from waiting on the king's table to cleaning the palace, but, as it turned out, their instructions would be slightly different today. Galion was busy chatting to the pretty elven maid on his arm when he arrived, so busy indeed, that Doronor had to clear his throat to catch the butler's attention. "What? Oh, good day Doronor, the king wants ten of the small barrels of red-," suddenly Galion was distracted by whatever the elven maid was saying, "- enchanted water? Really? That must have been-," Doronor cleared his throat once more. "What now, Doronor? I told you: the king wants ten barrels for tomorrow. Bring them here as soon as possible." Doronor looked bewildered, "But sir, why would the king want-," "How am I supposed know? Get to it!" "But, sir," Doronor began, feeling faintly annoyed. "What now? We don't have all day!" "Sir, I don't know-," "Then get Lalvon and Toron to help you!" Lalvon and Toron, who had been looking fairly amused at the exchange between Galion and Doronor up till now, looked horrified. "But, sir, we-," Lalvon began to protest "Ai! What is wrong with you three today!? Ten barrels, now!" and with that, Galion took his fair lady's arm and escorted her away, leaving three very confused, and more than a little annoyed servants in his wake. "Ten barrels of red enchanted water ?" Toron sputtered, "The king can't possibly want that!" Doronor, who looked fairly moody, grumbled, "Well, who are we to go against the king's wishes? We had better get started now, transporting ten barrels to the river and back is going to take an eternity, and then we have to find out how to change the color." In the end, it was with great difficulty that the three servants managed to get the ten barrels of enchanted water, and, with a little help of the one of the kitchen staff, they dyed the water a deep, rich red. Only to find out now that it was red Dorwinion wine that the king had wanted. ~.-End Flashback-.~ "So you mean to tell me that my father has given lord Elrond ten barrels of enchanted water from the enchanted river?" Legolas sputtered. "Yes, my prince," Lalvon admitted mournfully. "Do you know what will happen if they drink that!" Legolas exclaimed in dismay, "They will fall asleep and lose part of their memory!" The three servants looked at the ground, ashamed. Elladan and Elrohir, however, were looking at the barrels with a look of curiosity on their faces and an identical mischievous twinkle in their eyes. "So, this water will make the drinker fall asleep and lose their memory?" Elrohir asked curiously. "Actually, you only have to come in contact with it, but that's really not the point. We have to tell my father about this immediately," Legolas decided. Elladan and Elrohir exchanged a quick glance before Elrohir said most sweetly, "But then dear Doronor, Lalvon, and Toron here will be in so much trouble. Surely you don't want them to lose their jobs?" Legolas now had a look of indecision on his face, "But the barrels-," "How about we help you take care of the barrels and your servants can fix their mistake without anyone getting in trouble?" Elladan suggested. Legolas looked at them suspiciously, "How? And why do you want to help?" "It's quite simple, Doronor, Lalvon, and Toron will go back and get the real barrels of Dorwinion wine, while we, because we are such good friends, will help you get rid of the barrels of enchanted water." Suddenly Lindir spoke up, "Since when did you ever want to genuinely help anyone?" "Lindir!" Elrohir exclaimed, "You wound us! Besides we will not be the only ones assisting Prince Legolas; you're going to help too." "What?! Why?!" Lindir questioned, bewildered. "Because, due to our slight… mishap with Faervel's bow, you are going to need a defense to keep your father from banning you from the festival or giving you some sort of other punishment. Helping Lord Elrond's sons and Prince Legolas should be a good enough excuse, don't you think?" Lindir looked at Elrohir suspiciously, knowing the twins were up to something, but nodded. After all, he really did not want to be stuck inside while the rest of the elves celebrated. So, it wasn't much later that Doronor, Lalvon, and Toron were heading back to Greenwood armed with a note from Legolas that ordered for ten barrels of Dorwinion wine to be sent back to Rivendell with the servants immediately. If all went well, they should be back sometime in the five days before the festival started. In the meantime, Legolas, the twins, and Lindir had to get rid of the barrels of enchanted water, but there was a slight problem; when the elflings returned to the courtyard, the barrels were gone. ~.-.~ Imladris: the Sindarin (an elvish language) name for Rivendell Greenwood (or Greenwood the Great): the forest that will later become known as Mirkwood, but, as this doesn't happen until around 1050 in the Third Age (and this story takes place long before then), it will be called Greenwood. Ellon: Sindarin word for male elf Ada/Adar: Elvish word for Dad/Father Eru (also known as Illuvatar): pretty much the equivalent of God in Middle-Earth Dorwinion: Dorwinion is an area in Middle-Earth and the name literally means "Land of wines." It is known for its high quality wine, and is mentioned in the Hobbit . The Enchanted River: This is an actual river in Middle-Earth. In the Hobbit , Bombur accidentally falls into this river and, when he wakes up several days later, can't remember the past few months. All reviews are appreciated, and any constructive criticism is welcome. :D