also noticed that the elleth's smile had turned into a frustrated frown the moment Legolas had pulled away from her. In a blink of an eye however, the girl had put another sickeningly sweet smile back on her face, and approached Legolas; grabbing his hand. "Now, dear," Elrohir winced at the sappy, high-pitched tone the elleth was using, "I'm sure your friends need to recover from their long journey. How about we stop bothering them and go for a walk through the gardens, hmmm?" Then, without waiting for an answer, the girl dragged Legolas away. As the twins and Lindir stared after the pair in shock, Legolas cast them a desperate, pleading look over his shoulder. Suddenly, Elladan grabbed Lindir and Elrohir by the arms; directing them behind a stone statue. Elrohir and Lindir looked at Elladan in bewilderment as he pulled a scrap of parchment out of the folds of his clothes, "Legolas snuck it into my pocket when he was greeting me" Elladan explained. As Elladan unfolded and smoothed out the note, the other elflings huddled closer in order to read it as well. To: Elladan, Elrohir, Lindir, and Haldir You must help me! Luthwen (the elflings assumed this was the girl's name) won't let me be! She's always waiting outside my room in the morning, and only lets me out of her sight when I go to bed. I can't seem to get away from her; she always comes up with some reason for being wherever I am. You must help me, my friends; I fear that if I don't escape from her now, I never will! Legolas "Well," Elrohir stated blandly, "His writing has improved since last time he wrote to us." "Elrohir!" exclaimed Elladan, looking horrified, "How can you think of something like that at a time like this! Our friend is being… being-," "Stalked and driven towards insanity?" Lindir inserted helpfully. "Exactly," Elladan agreed, before a determined look appeared upon his face, "We must aid him. Now, when are the elves from Lothlorien supposed to arrive? We may need Haldir's help if we're going to try to assist Legolas in escaping from that-that-" "Warg." Elrohir and Lindir stated definitively as they finished Elladan's sentence. Suddenly, as if answering the last few statements, a shrill tune echoed out from the trees, if it could really even be called a tune. Knowing there was only one elfling in all of Arda who could possibly get away with being so annoying and not be reprimanded (mostly because the elfling in question was completely oblivious to how irritating he was being), Lindir and the twins groaned in unison, "Haldir." Sure enough, the elfling soon appeared from between the trees, surrounded by some very harassed looking elves. Knowing there was possibly only moments left before one of the elves snapped; the elflings quickly darted over to Haldir. "Greetings Haldir," Elrohir announced loudly. Luckily, this was enough to catch Haldir's attention and he stopped terrorizing everyone with his cacophonic melody, "Good day, Elrohir, Elladan, and Lindir," Haldir paused and looked around, "Where is Legolas?" Elrohir quickly glanced around to make sure no one was paying attention to them, fortunately, the adults were too busy exchanging well-wishes, "Quick, come with us," he hissed. Haldir stared at Elrohir for a moment before dismounting his horse. As soon as his feet had touched the ground, Elrohir grabbed his arm, and led him away from the chattering group of elves while Elrohir and Lindir followed them. When the adults' laughter and talk had faded into a quiet hum in the distance, Elrohir finally stopped. "Listen," Elrohir began seriously, "Legolas has been captured by a girl-," Haldir had begun to hum the romantic tune of "The Lay of Leithian" causing Elrohir to smack his arm while Elladan and Lindir gave the odd elfling disgusted looks. "As I was saying," Elrohir began once more, "Legolas has been captured by some girl named Luthwen, and we must help him escape her clutches." "And how exactly are we going to do this?" Lindir questioned. Elrohir smiled in such an evil way that it sent chills up the other elflings spines, "I have a plan." Enchanted Water: Water taken from the Enchanted River in Greenwood. Coming into contact with this water caused the victim to fall into a deep sleep, and, when they wake up, they won't be able to remember a period of time before they touched the water. Ada/Adar: The elvish words for Dad/Father. Imladris: The Sindarin (an elvish language) name for Rivendell. Greenwood: The forest that will later become known as Mirkwood, but, as this doesn't happen until around 1050 in the Third Age (and this story takes place long before then), it will be referred to as Greenwood. Eru: The God of Middle-Earth basically. Valar: In the simplest terms, the gods of Middle-Earth. Elleth: A female elf. Wargs: Wolf-like creatures in Middle-Earth, they are often used as a type of transportation for orcs, and serve Sauron. Arda: The elven word for Earth. The Lay of Leithian: This poem tells the story of Luthien (an elf) and Beren (a man), who loved one another. Glorfindel: An elf-lord who's renowned for slaying a Balrog, fighting the Witch King of Angmar (and sending him running), and, in the books, he is the elf that helps Frodo and his companions reach Rivendell (as opposed to Arwen). Erestor: An elf who attended the Council of Elrond. In this particular fan-fiction (and many others) he is one of Elrond's advisors and spends some of his time instructing Elladan and Elrohir. Celebrian: This elleth is Elrond's wife and the lady of Rivendell. She is also the daughter of Galadriel and Celeborn. The recorder scene with Haldir was inspired by my brief experience with those instruments in elementary school. *Shudders* I don't think " Au Clair de la Lune " has ever been so mangled. Anyways, that's the first chapter. Feel free to favorite, follow, and/or review. Constructive criticism is always welcome. :D