has called me to battle, but I want you to know this. My true heart and feelings. You fill every piece of my soul, and would you but grant me a small part of your life, I would be content." He stroked her hair, looking into her eyes as they searched his, looking for truth in his statements. He allowed it, welcomed it, and she smiled as tears came to her eyes. They fell as she nodded. "Boromir, when we first arrived in Rivendell, I was afraid. I had just come to the realization that I wasn't going to my homeland again, and I was lost. You helped me see the beauty of this world, and that I could have a place in it. When I saw you fall in the forest," she shuddered, remembering her despair, "I was devastated, and determined that you should not die. I have never been more thankful to be stubborn." He laughed outright at that, bringing her closer and holding her tight. She looked into his face once more. "I thought I had loved before, and that I was not meant for it. But you have brought so much life to me, I can only hope to be a comfort to you. I love you Boromir, and until my dying breath I shall mean it with all of my heart." He drew a sharp breath, shuddering with the sudden feeling that filled him. He kissed her then, full of the fire and passion that they both possessed, with the sweetness of new love. It had been six months since she had woken up in the Welsh countryside. It was torturous to her, it seemed, to place her in her own world, but in a place that reminded her so much of the world she left behind. She had no way of knowing if what she experienced had been real. She had no idea if the line of Arwen and Aragorn lived on. She had no idea if her ada – either of them – still walked the world. It was highly unlikely. She wandered the plains, looking up every once in a while towards her destination. The mountains gave her a strange comfort. They reminded her of Gimli. The stout heart and unchanging loyalty were only two of the traits that the dwarf shared with his chosen home. – On one side of the axe blade was Tengwar. She gasped softly, tracing the familiar runes, reading the script that she knew was meant for her. "For our rose in the winter, whose faithful jewel left her much too soon." She sobbed the last words out, shutting her eyes as their faces loomed before her. Boromir. Legolas. Gimli. Aragorn. Arwen. Glorfindel. Erestor. Elladan. Elrohir. Frodo. Sam. Merry. Pippin. Gandalf. Elrond. So many had sacrificed so much for her. And she couldn't even thank them, let alone see them again. She didn't know how long she sat there, on her knees, her eyes staring into nothing. She jolted upright when she felt something brush her shoulder. She whirled to her feet and spun in one fluid movement, her hand going to her dagger at her belt. She almost fell to her knees again when she saw who it was. "It has been a long time, mellon-nin." She grasped at words, the first ones spilling from her mouth were foolish ones. "You're supposed to be in Valinor." "I could not stay away. There are too many here I must protect." "But you're the only one here." "No, I am not. And you are alone no longer." She reached out, tentatively, to touch his arm. Seeing that that was solid, she moved to brush his hair behind his ear. His pointed ear. Still solid. The tears rushed to her eyes again as she wrapped her arms around him. "I don't know what happened. I was there, and Boromir was gone, and I went to the river to see him off, and I slipped, and then I was just falling... and then I woke up here." He rubbed his hand over her hair, soothing her as she babbled. "The Valar work in mysterious ways, mellon-nin. Come. I do not wish to be here if he is not." Gimli's death had been the hardest on him. They were closer than blood, closer in ways that no one had ever really understood. "Is your father still here?" "You'll see." He smiled mysteriously. She cursed his Elven ways as he led her back to the outside. She gasped as more people than she ever thought she'd see were in front of her. She turned back to him and pinched him. He yelped in surprise more than anything, and she nodded. "Just wanted to make sure I wasn't dead or dreaming." He scowled playfully. "So injuring me was the best way to do it?" She smiled and nodded. "You're going to make me cry again, so I needed to get my digs in." She then turned her attention to the small crowd of beautiful people, reminding her of her first days in Middle-earth. The tears, true to form, fell in buckets as she hugged the ones most important to her. Author's Notes: Well... to be honest, I was originally going to make this into a full story, but it didn't exactly turn out that way. I was playing with Middle-Earth, and the classic "stick an OC into Middle-Earth and see how it shakes out" situation, and it really just turned into an evaluation of how my writing has improved. Which is where you lovely people come in. I usually only do one-shots, usually things less than 5,000 words, so this was a major step for me. I would love to know how I did in your eyes. So, please, let me know - I know that this type of thing is hard to review, because it's not a full story, but I could use some honest feedback. Thanks so much for reading! xoxo