chest and gave the boy a small tilt of his head. "My apologies." Legolas said softly, The boy looked up at Legolas hesitantly, "It's fine..." the boy answered awkwardly and slow, He propelled himself up by his arms and groaned as the pains to the prior attack on his chest returned to only be forced back down by the weight of the child who jumped to hug him tightly. Initially the boy's eyes lingered in slight shock but recovered quickly and wrapped an arm around the child chuckling quietly to himself as he pushed himself upright. The girl let out a sniffle before pulling away from the hug and helping the boy up to his feet. Once he was, she buried her side upon his and wrapped her arms around his waist. She looked up at Legolas with a widening smile before her head gestured a bow of gratitude. "Thank you for coming to our aid." she said warmly "Lle creoso," Legolas bowed his head in return, "it is my duty." "There are others," the boy interrupted, his head hung low and his eyes wandered but the statement was directed to the prince, "there was a lot of us. We escaped without them..." "Do not worry they are safe," Legolas cut in, "My company have been tracking the orcs that have held you captive. And by the stillness of the forest I believe the battle has been won." Rejoice had filled the young child's eyes and heart, she clung to the older boy but fear no longer there to unease her. Legolas shifted his eyes to look at the boy whom too looked eased by the news yet a small frown etched its way across his lips. "Come now, the day grows short and it will be best to rejoin your kin. I will lead the way." Legolas said He turned on his heels to begin the trek but was stopped when he felt a small tug on his cloak, he turned expecting that his cloak had caught a low hanging branch only to look upon the child staring wide-eyed at him. Her fingers immediately released his green cloak as her face flustered. "Will the walk be long?" a sudden softness replaced her once strong voice, "It would be a trek to return to your kin but the path is not that far," he knelt down to her height, "what ails you...?" "Maenhen." timidly she told him her name, "Maenhen." Legolas repeated with a smile. "I do not think I can walk very far master elf. I've twisted my ankle, it hurts when I put my weight upon it." she answered with a lowered gaze. "That is not a problem, I would gladly carry yo-" "No!" The boy's hands moved to firmly grasp the girls shoulders as if fearing to lose her. Legolas looked up at the boy and their eyes met briefly before the boy turned his eyes elsewhere. It was quite obvious that the boy did not trust him yet, and so Legolas stood back on his feet to seem less intrusive. "It'll be...rude... I can carry her myself," he continued then turned to look at Maenhen, "you should have asked me." Maenhen looked up at the boy with bright green eyes, her brows lifting, frightened at the sudden interruption of the boy and of the way he spoke so harsh and quick. "I did not wish to offend you Nathan... but you were hurt as well. I do not want to burden you." She muttered quietly as if being scolded, she hung her head low and bit her lips. The boy; Nathan, seeing that he had frightened the girl lowered himself to her height and placed both hands on either arms of the child comfortingly, Maenhen timidly look up at the boy whom offered her an apologetic look. "I'm sorry Mae, I didn't mean to scare you." he said softly, He gave her a small smile and once she smiled back he turned offering his back to her, "I'm fine Mae, now hop on before I change my mind." Maenhen glanced up at the golden haired elf as if seeking for guidance on what to do and with the short gesture Legolas made with his head the little girl mounted the small back of the boy. Legolas noticed the slight pain in the boy's eyes as he placed his arms underneath the girls legs, and the boy was quick to notice the lingering stare from the elf, he steeled his face and slowly got back on his feet. He inhaled awkwardly before turning his hardened eyes at the elf once more, "Lead the way master elf... " This was meant to go one a few more paragraphs but I didn't like the way I've worded it so I've cut it down to this scene! Now, to clear a few thing out... for those who have come to read this for romance, I am sorry to disappoint but this is no Legomace. The only importance of the hunky elf prince is to be the 'eyes' of the story. Now, originally this fict was only meant to be three chapters long but over the span of five years (procrastination at its best) I've decided to make it seven chapters long, at max ten. So, if the pace of the chapter seems a little too fast for you, I apologize! Secondly, I am basing Legolas off his Book personality... though I'm not sure I've portrayed it right, I honestly dislike the aloof version of the prince! Since, this is somewhat Legolas-centric it is only justifiable that would be youthful so that he has more to say. I mean it would be boring for a narrator to have nothing to say! If you go to my profile page you will find the sites I have used to get an idea to how to portray Legolas (as well as other characters) I have yet to start the book Trilogy! (procrastination once more)