much less myself!" Alassiel said laughing. The twins joined her laughter, they had just ceased when Legolas and Estel joined them. Elladan introduced them. "Estel, Legolas this is a dear friend of our sister's and of ours. Alassiel, this is our friend Legolas Greenleaf, and our younger brother Estel," Alassiel eyes widened slightly when Estel was mentioned. "Well met," Alassiel said inclining her head to both. Her eye fell on Legolas for a few moments before she tentatively asked, "Prince Legolas?" "I am he," Legolas replied. "Again I say, well met. And you Estel," Alassiel said smiling at the mortal, "Have your brothers been good to you these past years? Knowing them they will have taught you many things, though not all for the better," Alassiel said looking at the twins with a knowing smile. "I have learned much from them," Estel said ambiguously, then he added. "Sometimes more than I wanted to know." Alassiel laughed cheerfully. "Perhaps I should wait 'till my little one is older to bring him back. I'd never get any rest if they taught him any of their little tricks!" Alassiel laughed and while she did so she patted her round belly. "That is true lady," Legolas said, both of Lord Elrond's sons glared at him. "Instead come to Mirkwood. The child will learn more there than here." "I'd watch it Greenleaf," Elrohir challenged. "Or I might have to hurt you, and imagine the mess that would cause between our lands!" "It would be more than even the Lady of the Golden Wood could handle," a sixth voice said, joining the others. The others turned to see a tall and powerfully built elf. He was dressed in the outfit of the guard of Lorien and his hair was a dark brown and his eyes an intelligent grey. "Captain Maeron!" Elladan exclaimed, and then he embraced the other. "Well met! We were just speaking with your wife, reminiscing about old times." "Then perhaps you can convince her to stay here another couple of nights," Maeron began, he paused to look at his wife. The pause was soon filled by Elrohir's voice. "Stay?" Elrohir questioned looking at Alassiel questioningly. "I am returning to Lorien in a tomorrow," Alassiel confirmed. "Don't look so put out Elladan," she said, a gentle smile gracing her face. "You aren't staying?" Elladan asked dumbfound, "Surely you didn't come all this way just to stay a day!" "I'm afraid I did," Alassiel stated, "Maeron has been away for a long time and when I heard he would stop here I wanted to see him," Alassiel explained. "I had no idea that tonight was a feast, but your father invited me to stay anyway." "Well of course he did! You're practically family and anyway he'd never send a woman in your condition away without feeding and medically testing her for ever known ailment," Elrohir agreed. "True. Anyway, it was generous of him," Alassiel agreed. "Do thank him again for me?" "Of course," Elladan acquiesced. "Maeron, what about you? How long is your stay?" "I also leave tomorrow, though I'm not heading back to Lorien. I have one more mission to go on before I can take my leave for the baby," Maeron said. "Yes, Alassiel said he was due in a couple months," Elladan agreed. Maeron eyes brightened by Elladan mentioned the baby's sex. "Ah, have you finally agreed the baby was a he?" Maeron asked triumphantly. "Yes," Alassiel said, "Because a found the perfect name for him! Faeron; it means spirit, do you like it?" Alassiel asked eagerly. Maeron's expression was one of complete astonishment and it took him awhile to find his voice. "It's … lovely dear," he finally managed. Alassiel smiled, and while her back was turned Maeron looked at Elrohir and said very quietly. "She's been picking out some of the strangest names. When she thought it was a girl she wanted to name her Anariel!" Elrohir smiled and nodded. "I don't know, I rather like it," he said teasingly "Like what?" Alassiel asked. "The…name you've chosen…it's very lovely…in a male sense," Elrohir said as he stumbled over his own tongue. "I think so too," Alassiel approved. "It's one of the first names that Maeron has finally agreed on." Maeron finally seemed to find his voice. "Now dear, I said I liked it, but I don't know if it's right," he began. "What I mean is we'll have to see the baby first," He said hastily as his wife's face began to crumble. "That is true," Alassiel agreed. "Well anyway, I suppose we should let you go, you looked rather busy when I stumbled upon you," Alassiel said with a wink. "I'll see you at the feast tonight." Then with Maeron's arm around her shoulders, the pair headed back into the gardens. The group watched them walk off for a few seconds. "Now," Elladan said rubbing his hands, "Where were we?" "The present," Estel said slyly. "Ah yes!" Elladan exclaimed and then he pressed a hand to his forehead. "How could I have forgotten?" "So who wants to distract him?" the other twins asked casually as if this was completely normal. "That's my job," Estel smirked, a fiendish smiles lighting up his face. "Well, let's go we really must deliver Erestor 'present' early," Legolas said with a taunting smile, "After all it's unfair to keep him waiting." And with that the quartet set off towards the Last Homely Home, identical grins on each of their faces. What are they going to do to Erestor and Glorfindel? Will somebody stop them? Will Erestor go mad? You're going to have to review to find out! BTW my interpretation of Erestor in this chapter is him on zero hours of sleep and completely neurotic. So if you think I've completely misjudged him, I promise he will not be like this once he gets sleeps, he's told me so. nods head insistently (X) This is in my other story Of Warriors Long Ago Kuramagal