stars. Then the stars would point him in the right direction of north, south, west, and east. Should he stop now and turn back before he was too far? Aragorn was struggling to come to a decision. When was the last time he completely gave up on a quest? This quest was a complete lost. No guidance, nothing. He grew a little angry at the fact Gandalf had sent him on such a lost quest. The east was a massive place even though it was still considered a third of the size of the west. But, no one knew anything about the east not of its land or of its people's customs. Not even Gandalf knew, and he had roamed Middle-Earth since the beginning of time. In the distance, Aragorn nearly shouted in joy when he saw something green and blue. It was an oasis, with azure sparkling water. Only, when he broke out in a run with his horse in tow that he realized he was only hallucinating. The oasis quickly disappeared before his eyes as he blinked. His mind was playing tricks on him which frightened Aragorn. Never had this happen to him before only when he had been poisoned by an orc's arrow when he was younger on an orc hunting expedition with Ro and Dan. Elrond had come to his rescue instantly upon arrive home to Rivendell. Here, it was no poison that was coursing through his veins only thirst for water and utter hopelessness. Time was no longer a clear judgement of Aragorn's. It felt like days had gone by but the sun seemed to remain in its exact position as hours before. It was absolutely a miserable hot, burning down on himself and his horse. Aragorn tried his best wrapping his head with some of the clothing he had shed to keep the sun from beating down on top of his head. It provided much needed shade from the sun but it quickly grew suffocating as it only incubated heat on his head and neck. This time Aragorn actually stopped. His horse neighed in exhaustion but still waited patiently for her master's next order. Aragorn glanced back over his shoulder. He should've turned back a long time ago. Now without water, he would not even make the trek back to the nearest river in the west. Howls came suddenly and Aragorn whipped his head forward. His eyes squinted on the horizon. They were the same as last night's. He unsheathed Langoril and hoped whatever was out there would leave him alone. His horse pranced nervously on her hooves. " Do not worry." He whispered softly to his horse in Sindarin. She seemed to calm down a bit and place her trust in Aragorn to get them both out of the situation. Wargs suddenly burst onto Aragorn from behind, taking him in surprise. He hadn't even heard them. Aragorn lashed out with his sword, killing the one on top of him instantly. Then he set to battle the ones on top of his horse. He shouted at them incoherently to get their attention and he slashed them down as they dived for him. The wargs were defeated soon enough but Aragorn's heart would not still. How had he not heard them? "Skótose to dytikó!" A shout came abruptly from behind Aragorn. He turned just in time to block a heavy blade cutting for his neck. The wargs were only the first wave of attacks. Slashing and twirling to guard himself, Aragorn was able to cut down two men. But he missed the long-distance archer who had been aiming atop his warg since the beginning of their attack. A horrendous pain erupted in his left shoulder. Something warm and wet gushed onto his thin tunic; he knew immediately the substance was blood. Biting through the pain with the adrenaline in his veins, Aragorn swiftly pulled out the knives hidden in his pocket to take down the archer before he could draw another arrow. Blood spurted as the archer fell off his warg. Without its rider, the warg quickly tackled the slowed ranger to the ground, sinking its teeth deep into Aragorn's side. Langoril cut deeper into the warg's side as Aragorn dove his sword down on the warg to get it to release him. He nearly screamed out in pain as the warg fell to the ground with half his waist still in its jaws. He was losing blood too quickly. And very soon, he knew he would lose unconsciousness and there was still two more enemies. Four if he counted the wargs the men were riding. "Aragorn gios tou Arathorn, o Dáskalos tha mas anathései se megálo vathmó gia ti dolofonía sas. Ti tycherí iméra gia emás. (Aragorn son of Arathorn, the Master will greatly award us for killing you. What a lucky day for us.)" Eyes widening in response, Aragorn looked up at who was speaking to him. Very few should know his name. In fact, Elrond and his mother had gone to great lengths to make sure it seemed the last of Isildur's line was gone. The two men before him were dark-skinned from what little he could see beneath the turbans and veils they wore. They were definitely Easterling though. A sword was brought to Aragorn's neck, its sharpness already poking into his skin, drawing blood. He tried wrenching his side out of the warg's jaws again but they were stubbornly and painfully stuck in his side. The enemy's sword was now swung backwards, preparing to behead him in one swift, hard movement. The world was spinning around him as blood flowed out of his body like a river. Aragorn almost felt like laughing at himself. This was how he was going to die, in a hellish desert, stuck in a warg, and unconscious before the final strike even hits him. He let his eyes droop close and the darkness to take him. Hopefully, he wouldn't feel the blow of the sword.