Eomund, but also of Théodwyn. A monument made when they got married. He saw Eowyn pick something up, and he sighed in relief. Once more he saw tears run down her face, but he realised, as she hugged the blanket, that it were tears of happiness. Slowly he approached her. "Happy?" he asked her, putting a hand on her shoulder. She turned to him, and unable to say anything she just nodded. "Then, are you ready to go home?" he asked, and he saw her eyes widen. "Home?" she asked. He realised what he'd said, but knew not how to make it easier for either of them. Then she nodded. "Yes, I am ready to go home. Now I am ready." she said. Théodred smiled and took her smaller hand in his. They both bowed before the statue and made their way towards the horses. "How did your blanket get there?" he asked. "When mother died, I slept there a few times. The last time was before we would go to Meduseld." she replied, her tone like that of a grown-up woman. Théodred smiled. His cousin was something else. Seemingly weak, elegant, but stronger than steel. They bid their goodbyes to Lea and all who were stationed there before turning home. Once more they rested in the village, where Eowyn started worrying. "What is it?" Théodred asked. "Will King Théoden be angry with me?" she asked, voice trembling slightly. Théodred thought about this for a moment, his father had been rather worried. "I don't know." he replied in all honesty. "He was worried when we found out you were gone." "You were?" she asked, looking rather amazed which annoyed him. "Of course. We're family." "Family." she replied. "Then…" she fell silent. "Then?" he urged her on. "Then I'll guess it's my duty as family to undergo my punishment for worrying them." she smiled weakly, but a smile nevertheless. "I guess so." he laughed. The next day they arrived at Edoras. The King did not come to meet them outside, nor did he come to meet them at the stables. Théodred too was wondering how he'd deal with this, for he'd never been in this situation before. When he would sneak out he'd gotten his punishment many times, for there hadn't really been a good reason for him to suddenly disappear. And the fact that he was heir to the throne wasn't helping either. If anyone had to stay safe it would've been him. But how Théoden would react to his niece suddenly vanishing… Eowyn too was worrying. She didn't know what would happen. What Eomer would do she did though. He'd probably rant about her not having to do dangerous things over a blanket. But King Théoden…She knew too little of him to think of what he might do or decide. With pounding heart she entered the Golden Hall and walked over to the throne where Théoden was seated. Beside him stood Eomer, looking at her in a strange way. It looked like a mixture of worry and anger. Gulping she stopped in front of the king, Théodred beside her. "We're back." he announced. "So I see." Théoden replied. After a long pause he sighed. "Eowyn…" She did not dare to look up. "Why did you not say anything?" Her eyes met his, and the only thing she could see was sympathy and utter confusion. "Because it was but a blanket, my Lord." she replied, eyes to the ground. "Just a blanket." Théoden repeated, deep in thought. He stood up. "Tell me, my dear niece, what is so special about the blanket." This Eowyn did not expect. Was she really to tell them all why it was so important to her? They would probably laugh! "Do I have to?" "Why wouldn't you tell us?" Théoden asked. "Because it might not look so important to you, my Lord." she replied, eyes still locked onto her feet. "Raise your head Eowyn, daughter of Eomund and Théodwyn, and tell us, for we are dying to know what a brave young girl like you would run across the lands for." Théoden's voice was deep and kind., and there was no false tone in it. At that moment Eowyn knew he would not laugh. He would listen and understand. "This blanket, was made by my mother and me." she started. "We sat in front of the fireplace while Eomer and father were discussing matters and joking." she gulped. "We worked on it for many weeks, and so, every moment is held by this blanket. I feared…" she faltered. She took a deep breath. "I feared that if I lost this blanket…I would…I would also lose those memories also, and with my memories, my parents." All was quiet in the Golden Hall for a long time. Théoden walked over to her and knelt in front of her, laying a hand on her shoulder. "For that purpose, young Eowyn. I would've sent my whole army to retrieve it for you." he then bent closer. "Your brother feels awful." he whispered. Eowyn looked at her brother, who stood there slightly awkward. "I do not hold a grudge." she told her uncle at which he smiled. "Then from this day on we shall be together as a family." he stated. "But…" he spoke, looking at Eowyn once more. "Next time, no secrecy. If there's something troubling you, come to me, Théodred or your brother." She nodded. "Promise?" he asked, and once more Eowyn nodded. "Promise." Wow this took sooo long! A few things: Please do not mind the details, I'm not in for details! ^^" Also the names of the ponies comes from my favourite pony a looooong time ago. His name was Lucky. So I thought, let's honour him by using his name as the basis! (Lady Luck is also the name of one of my favourite Keyblades ^^") I hope it wasn't too OOC! Please leave a review before you go. Oh, and YAY for the Rohirrim!