their foreign tongue and roared and growled, my eyes were glued on the dead monster then back at its group from under their parted legs I saw a figure coming out of the forest. They pace was slow as they slightly swayed, the garment that they wore was ripped and dirtied with blood and mud. Another killer? But he saved my life? The beast quieted down but a few growled like angry dogs, then the person spoke. Their voice defiantly male, it was low and hard but oddly his voice flowed in my ears like music, he spoke in the same dialect as the beasts. He must have said something bad because the creatures began to charge to him. "Watch Out!" I managed to shout through my traumatized thoughts The creatures surrounded him and attacked simultaneously with axes and swords, I heard the awful sound of metal against metal and screams in pain. It was like watching a war scene from medieval films, but this was not were they would get back up when the director says cut, this is real! or I think it is...but it is happening in front of me, fighting, screaming, dying. Blood gushing from the swarming group and dead bodies trampled and stepped upon. Then I saw as the crowd of beast slowly lessened in numbers their attacker came to my view, their golden long hair stood clearly out of the dark colored monsters. They flowed in a current like motion to his every movement; it was like looking golden silk waving the breeze. His footing seemed as if he were dancing, making his way through the deadly creatures with ease. And as gruesome as it maybe for him to slash through the beast with those knife-like weapons in his hand it looked so elegant, his movement swift and strong. Precise and perfect, it's like he made killing into an art! `Damn you elf` A monster cried out as the man cut through one beast leaving only him as the last monster standing. I watched quietly from where I sat thinking that if I make one single move or even a sound I would die. The monster moved slightly covering my vision of my savior; I dared not to peek from over his shoulder. The silence was intense, both probably staring deeply into each other's pitiless eyes. `You were dead! We killed you! ` The beast roared loudly gripping his butcher like sword in both hands I couldn't see what the man was doing but he did not talk back to the monster, it must have irritated the beast because he charged over to the man like before. I slapped my hands onto my face trying to cover my eyes but they peeked out from the gaps between my fingers. 'Twang' the sound again echoed over the monster battle cry, then again, and again. The descending thudding footsteps of the creature slowed and halted just a few steps away from the person. The sword in his hands dropped with a clang as he fell to his knees then fell on his back. I saw three arrow stuck on his body, two on his chest and one on his forehead. His dark eyes rolled into his head and his mouth ajar as blood dripped out. In the man's hands were no longer the knives but a bow and arrow. My stomach did flips, but not the 'I'm-in-love' flips, it was more of the 'I-think-I'm-going-to-be-sick' flips. My breath hitched in my throat as I looked around, what once just a cliff of rocks and grass was now stained with the monsters black blood and bodies scattered on the ground. I slowly gazed over to the only person still standing to be met with a pair of dark stunning electric blue eyes. A shiver ran down my spine as our eyes locked, mine filled with fear and curiosity while his was unreadable but strong. He was the first to move, turning to leave but swayed a little as he did. As he walked away I noticed his limping, he was hurt. "Wait" I called out and stumbled back to my feet but I did not run him just stayed at my spot. But the man continued walking away with his hair swaying with every limp, I took a step forward hesitating if I should walk over to him. "Please wait! Y-your hurt, I can help," I started, "Please let me at least help you, it's the lea-," I continued But then stopped when I saw the man pause for a minute then the next thing I knew he was falling to the ground, I let out a squeak as his body fell to the floor, the bow in his hand knocked out and hopped a few feet away. Quickly I ran over to him but first carefully made my way through the bloodied field and bodies, my heart thumping on my chest painfully as I imagined one of the beasts suddenly grab my foot as I hopped over their bodies. Luckily for me it did not happen. I ran to his side and slid onto my knees getting my uniform dirty but that doesn't matter right now. My hands hover over his body hesitantly wondering if I should touch him. My fingers grazed over his bloodstained hair and brushed them away from his paling face. "M-mister sir... are you alright?" I asked stupidly but I knew he wasn't going to answer [Idiot! He can't answer you! He's unconscious for Christ sake!] I mentally scowled myself I thought of taking him to the hospital but what would I tell the doctors, 'Oh, I was just in the park painting when all the sudden these monsters came out and attacked me but then this guy came and practically slaughtered the monsters then fainted'. That would be so stupid, so I decided to take him to my house...after I drag him into the car and before he bleeds to death...oh dear...