in her arms. "I believe that if the Vailor had switched your and Ecthelion's places, and it had been you who had to defend Tuor; I have faith that you would have done the same thing," Idril said, and then she pressed her lips to her sons head. "I know your heart, Glorfindel, just as I knew Ecthelion's. You two were friends like you were one of heart. You both would have done anything to protect this," she said, gesturing to all that was around her. "And for that, you both will be remembered," Idril finished, looking once more at Glorfindel with her penetrating eyes. It was then that Glorfindel understood, he understood Ecthelion's sacrifice, and he was ready to prove Idril's word true. He raised his blade; his weary body no longer in control and with a bellowing battle cry charged forward and placed himself between Idril and the monster. "Go!" he shouted to her, "Take the women and children! Flee!" he shouted to her and she did. Taking Eärendil she fled. Once she was gone his mind began to swim with memories of Ecthelion's fight with the balrog, only this time he saw it not from his point of view, but from Ecthelion's. He saw the great balrog before him, but instead of the rock gorge and deep crevices on the sides, he saw Gondolin. He saw the flames and the white city of Turgon. He saw the Fountain, the very same one that Ecthelion was sent to his death in. He had become Ecthelion and the balrog, Gothmog, and together they were reenacting the battle, in full. And during these brief moments, time stopped. Time can be transcended… Glorfindel faced off with the balrog, all the while a voice in the back of his head told him to flee. But something, something he couldn't explain refused to allow him to leave, in fact it compelled him to stay. He now knew that Ecthelion's battle was being reenacted by him, he had the power to charge what had happened. It will be here, he thought, rising his sword in front of himself. The creature didn't give him a second to ready himself; it viciously began to attack him. He parried the blows, just as Ecthelion had. He dodged and parried both the sword and whip. He grew so focused on the battle that he soon found that little else mattered. It was when he was fighting that he suddenly realized what he had to do. He realized what he must do to avenge Ecthelion's death. I live forever… In his peripheral vision, Glorfindel saw Tuor struggling to reach him, to help. He wondered then if that was the way he had looked when he had been trying to reach Ecthelion. He smiled; he knew now that he would never get the chance to ask. Glorfindel raised his sword and charged the creature. He jumped high and with a mighty blow cleaved the creatures whip from his hand. For Ecthelion, he thought. The balrog shriek in anger and then stumbled backwards howling in annoy. It teetered on the edge of the ravine. Glorfindel then made an attempt to get away from it; however the creature grabbed him with its remaining arm, by his golden hair. Pain … that was all Glorfindel's mind would allow him to think as the terrible heat began to burn and blister the skin on his scalp. And as his consciousness swam in and out, he heard a cry. It was then, just as the golden hair on his head began to ignite into flames from the balrog's fiery grasp, that he heard his name cried, for what would be the last time… Remember me… "Glorfindel!" a voice that matched Tuor's said, however the face was not that of the long departed man, but of Elrond, his grandson, of the Lord of Rivendell. Slowly the whole scene dissolved, the blood red body the balrog became the dying sun and Glorfindel watched as Tuor's and Elrond's faces began to meld together until they were one in Elrond. Glorfindel released his vice-grip on the railing, and panting tried to make sense of what had transpired. Remember me… Glorfindel eyes saw no more of Gondolin or the Eagles Cleft; instead he was standing once more on the balcony that overlooked Rivendell. And the person who had shouted his name was not Tuor, but Elrond. "Yes, mellon-nin," Glorfindel said his eyes now leaving the dying sun and looking into the depths of the grey eyed lord; the very same eyes that were shared by his paternal grandmother, the very same eyes, the eyes of his king. "The end of another year," he whispered. "It will be over in a few hours," Elrond said softly, "The pain will ease and then you will have another year before it plagues you again." Glorfindel looked out over the valley, "Yes," he whispered, "thank you, mellon-nin," he said softly. "It is nothing my friend," Elrond said with a smile, "I will gladly wait out this nightmare with you, just as I have done every year and will continue to do. Though, I wish you would let me give you something so that the nightmare would not plague you so greatly," Elrond said with disapproval. "It is good that I remember," Glorfindel argued, "Someone must remember…" Remember... me... Hope you all found that enjoyable! Sorry I haven't written in…two…yes two years. Been slightly busy as of late, to those who were faithful to me and sent me letters asking me why I was…being so terribly mean… a thousand million billion pardons. Really! I am so sorry about this. But since most days are only 24 hours I had to give and take (and unfortunately this was on the give list…) As for mistakes in this writing, I am once more in the market for a beta…so…yeah… Anyway, please review and tell me what you thought of my interpretation of the Fall of Gondolin. Kuramagal