"Here Mika, I'll try some first," said Tamara, taking a small amount from Legolas' hand. She chewed the nuts and berries thoughtfully. "It's good, but not so good as Mam's fruitbread." Mollified, Mika willingly took a handful of her own. "What is fruitbread?" asked Legolas. "You would like it," declared Tamara. "It's made of flour and sugar and butter with lots of dried fruit. We only get it at midwinter because sugar is so dear. What else do you have in your pack? Could you please show me? I have never seen an Elvin pack before, and I would really like to know." Tamara looked up at the elf with a well practiced look of pleading in her eyes. "Please?" "Very well, penneth," said Legolas, trying not to smile, Ai, but this youngster was more curious than an elfling! "I will show you what I travel with if you will tell me more about your midwinter celebration." So the evening was spent with sharing of stories and self. Tamara and Mika learned how to say thank you in the Elvin tongue, and Legolas and Galion learned a counting game called sticks that was played with the fingers. Tamara even talked Legolas into climbing the tree once again to find pinecones to throw into the fire. Laughter laced the evening. Tamara sang a few midwinter songs for the elves and they returned the favor by singing some of the midsummer dancing tunes. Tamara and Mika could not help but stand up and try a comical dance together when they heard the melody, and the exercise served them well. By the time the evening drew to a close, both girls were dry and exhausted. Galion and Legolas gladly gave up their bedrolls to the children. They stood watch together for the rest of the night. When Mika and Tamara rose the next morning, they found a breakfast of grilled fish awaiting them. At first, Mika would not taste the fish, but Tamara made her sit on a log and broke the fish into tiny bits. "Here, Mika. I'll be the mommy bird and feed you little bites." Bit by bit the fish disappeared into her sister's mouth. Legloas watched the interaction as he rolled up his bedroll. He was struck at how gentle and loving Tamara could be. Tamara didn't take time for much breakfast herself. She ate a few quick bites then offered to help break camp. She turned out to be a good worker, moving the fire ring stones back down to the shore where they had been found, hauling the packs to the horses and keeping out of the way as Bergereth and Amindel were gotten ready for travel. The level of the water had subsided considerably from its crest the night before. Galion mounted and Legolas handed Mika up to him. He easily swung Tamara up onto his horse, then mounted behind her. The massive horses moved swiftly into the river, and Tamara could feel Amindel's muscles ripple beneath her as he struggled across the deepest part of the water. They arrived home shortly enough, to find Truste and Amelda ready to set out to fetch the girls. Galion took the horses to the stables while Amelda knelt and drew her daughters close to her heart, welcoming them home. "I was so worried about you," she declared to Tamara finally. "You shouldn't have worried," said Tamara, grasping Legolas hand, pulling him close to her side. "It was good that I got to spend time with Legolas," she said, smiling broadly, "he is really my new best friend." Tamara and Mika stayed close by their parents as the trade was concluded that morning, although Mika asked to be held in Legolas' lap one more time. Galion spread out the jewels once again and the trading grew animated as Truste related the merits of his wine while Galion responded with the merits of the crafts he had brought. He was not adverse to sample a bit more of Truste's finest as the morning progressed. At the end, all three of the brooches and nearly a dozen of the cut stones had been traded away, and almost all that was left was the mithril ring. Finally, Legolas kissed Mika on the brow and set her down. He picked up the ring and considered it for a moment. "Tamara?" he said finally, indicated that she should come to his side. "Would you keep this for me until I come again?" Tamara met his eyes with wide eyed wonder, but her tongue was not stilled, "Oh, Legolas," she breathed, "I would love to!" and she threw herself into his arms, hugging him fiercely. "I will miss you so," she declared. Legolas hesitated only a moment before returning the hug, "and I will miss you, penneth." Keeping one arm securely wrapped around Tamara's shoulders, he carefully placed the ring on her right middle finger. "I think it is too big," said Tamara sadly. "That's not a problem," said Legolas. He stood and walked to the entrance where he pulled three threads from the hem of his Elvin cloak. Legolas returned to Tamara where he deftly braided the threads into a necklace. Stringing the ring onto the necklace before tying it off, he placed the ring securely around Tamara's neck. Tamara fingered the ring as it hung against her chest. "It is so beautiful, Legolas. I will keep it until you return. Will it really be twenty years?" Legolas looked down and smiled, "Yes, penneth. I will see you then." Tamara wasn't able to trail the elves all the way to the stables as she would have liked. She did hear one final exchange before her father called her home. "So you don't dislike all humans any more, eh, Legolas?" asked Galion. "Well, I will allow that there might be a human worth knowing every now and again." mused Legolas with a smile. "That is enough for now, my prince. That is enough for now."