was a whisper. "Added to that, you deliberately chose to set personal comfort above the welfare of your people, and so you are foresworn." Legolas nodded miserably. "And for this you deserve death? Tell me Thranduilion, did you expect your father to execute you? Or perhaps Dulinai would have you tried for murder in her own village. Perhaps she would condemn you for that. What did she say to you after Donalin died?" "I did not speak with her again, but begged leave to travel at once to Imladris to tell Lord Elrond of the escape." "Sweet Eru, that was a crime in itself, Legolas! Why didn't you go to her?" "I was responsible for Donalin's death, Aragorn. Why would she want to see me again?" "So are you now a kinslayer, Legolas?" Legolas looked at Aragorn in shocked disbelief, then he lowered his head and nodded. "Ah, I see why you are so miserable, my friend. Next you will own planning the attack and striking the blow that took down your men." He chuckled softly. "This isn't funny, Estel!" "Oh, but it is not as grim as you make it, gwadarnin . You say you deserve death, but by whose hand?" Legolas stood dumbly and then spoke "The Valar. I thought perhaps I was called on the quest to atone for my deeds with my life." Aragorn laughed again, a short, sharp laugh. "The Valar seldom choose the doom we desire. But you came on this quest thinking that they were going to strike you dead for your error in judgment?" "I had hoped that they would." "It would have made things much easier for you, I think. You would be dead and have no excuse for shirking the responsibility of dealing with the mess you created." "Shirking my responsibility? Aragon, I do not shirk responsibility!" "Think again, gwadarnin . You know as well as I do that you cannot predict all of the dark deeds of the Evil one. You also know that all captains, even captains with a millennium of experience, even you are going to make errors in judgment. Accepting the truth of this is hard, but it is part of any warrior's life. Donalin's death was tragic, but such is the way of war. We are trained to fight the Enemy and if our best falls short we must fight to accept our own limitations. No, Legolas, hiding behind a simple punishment will not do. You must own your shortcomings without condemnation. That is your responsibility. Do not hide from it. "Furthermore," said Aragorn, pausing to consider his next words, "You should also be thankful no, you should rejoice that after fighting the Darkness for so many years you have not become totally immune to the love an elleth has to offer! If you had I think Sauron himself would rejoice that you had lost your very heart to the Darkness. Now tell me the truth. Did you refuse to see Dulinai after Gollum's escape because you were feeling guilty about Donalin's death or because you were afraid that Dulinai would refuse your love?" "Watch who you are talking to, mortal!" There was no humor in Legolas' eyes. The accusation had hit too close to home. Aragorn held his hands in front of him, as though to calm Legolas' anger. "Only think on this, gwadarnin . The oath to defer personal gain until the Shadow was gone should never be construed that you should deny loving someone. Loving, laughing and singing – being with one another - these are the absolute essence of the Firstborn. Iluvatar would surely condemn any oath that would violate the essence of your very nature, Legolas. Fight, yes. Put aside material wealth and advancements for power, yes. Be diligent in doing all you can to train and lead your kin to fight the Darkness, absolutely. But don't forgo your heart, mellonin , else the Dark One will have gained victory in the end." "Donalin died, Aragorn. He died for my foolishness," said Legolas through clenched teeth. Aragorn stepped closer to Legolas, but did not quite touch him. "He died because the Enemy attacked unexpectedly. Had you been there, he still might have died. You have no control over the denizens of the Dark Lord, Legolas, but you have a fundamental responsibility accept your limitations and to stay true to your heart." There was a long silence after that. The sounds from the camp had diminished altogether. There was only the quiet sighing of the wind as it blew across the dusty plain. "What should I do, Estel?" Legolas whispered at last. "Here, let this be your punishment, Legolas," he said, pausing to gather his words, "Forgive yourself. Love, not perfection, needs to be your goal. Love for yourself," he shrugged, "and perhaps love for another." Legolas sighed then and finally looked his friend in the eye. "For one so young, you are wise, penneth. But I think what you are saying is not easy. " Aragorn laughed at that, "I have come to believe that real life is not for the fainthearted," he said, "Forgiveness is more difficult perhaps that waiting for the Valar to strike you dead, but you should relish the challenge. Besides," he added as an afterthought, "The names Donalin and Dulinai sound more like siblings than lovers to me." Aragorn left Legolas then, for the night was long gone and there was much waiting for him on the morrow. Just before he came to the first cluster of tents he turned and looked at his friend. Legolas stood silently, arms at his sides. His head was tilted back and in the starlight he looked relaxed and at peace. " Sidho , Legolas," Aragon whispered to himself, "For the days of darkness are done." arnor – the sun ithil – the moon gwadarnin – my sworn brother ellith, elleth – female elves/elf penneth – young one mellonin – my friend daro – stop it! n'uma - no