nature laid at our feet as we walked. The sky, the birds, the trees and the occasional comical squirrel were all noted without words. This last was actually a pair of squirrels that were so funny in their antics that we both laughed out loud at the same time. That seemed to break the barrier of silence and Aragorn began to tell me then of some of the adventures of the twins as they had taught him the basics of woodsmanship and tracking. It was a pleasure to listen to the edain talk. His voice is lower than most elves and he speaks the Sidrian language with sweet resonance. I urged him on with stray comments and questions and he seemed quite comfortable filling the distance to the river with his stories. Aragorn was quite helpful when we got to the river. He listened to find out the kinds of stones I required and was most diligent in looking for rocks that would serve. At one point I accidently dropped a rock back into the water and the splash caught him full in the back. At first I thought it might create an awkward moment, but he caught my eye with twinkling mirth and returned the favor by dropping a rock in such a way as to splash my front. A friendly battle in the water ensued and I was surprised at how much he felt like one of my brothers – fun to tease and more fun to torment. Rather wet, and yet well pleased with our haul, we eventually made our way up the banks of the river and returned to the forest path that would return us to the Last Homely House. There was no silence to be had then – we talked and chatted as though we were lifetime friends. With sudden abruptness, we came upon a little bird lying in the path. I don't know if a beast or bird had injured it, but the little animal was clearly in the last moments of its life. I don't know why it moved me as it did. As an immortal I am well used to seeing birds and animals, even Men come and grow old and pass into that final sleep of death that claims them. But this little bird was struggling for breath and somehow in that struggle I felt the power of that balance between life and death that all mortals must face with utmost certainty. I cried out and gently placed the bird in my hand. I could feel the tears making paths down my cheeks. Ah, little bird, how beautiful it had been in life to breathe and sing and fly in the springtime sky that I loved so well. And even with all that beauty and strength of life it could not deny the keening call of death. And so it must be with all mortals. And so I wept. Aragorn did not leave me then, but knelt beside me and wrapped his arm around me. I turned and buried my face in his shoulder and cried silently until my tears were spent. It was only then, after my emotions had been granted full leave to speak their mind that Aragorn set me back. With sureness and calmness that put my heart at ease, he cupped my chin in his hand and gave me a gentle kiss. Eru, but I love that man! He did not censure me nor judge me nor even neglect me in my sorrow. He embraced me and accepted me. I realize now that the greatest gift of this edain, this mortal man is that he loves me for who I am. He is willing to see me shine, and comfortable putting me in my place when his skills are better than mine. He would rather be his honest (and hungry) self rather than hide behind the veil of decorum. He laughs and makes me laugh with such ease. And all of the quirks, the things that make me different from all of my race – many of these differences he shares himself, or at least does not let them matter. In truth, I feel more at home with Estel than I feel with any of the firstborn. I feel safe and happy and loved and free. Free to be myself for the first time in my life. But such a proclamation comes with a price. I could never admit to my father that I have been of mortal leanings since I was small. The dirt, the urgency, the carelessness and the hunger for the new are all of the mortal bent. And the dark secret that I have held close to my heart for so long – That I cannot fade, and that I will never gaze into my mother's eyes again – these are things that tell me my path was set for me before I even knew there was a path to be on. Is it destiny that I choose or destiny that I have been chosen? I do not know. What excuse can I find to offer for the choice that will break my father's heart? I will claim that I am not of mortal ilk, but that the cause of my choice is my love for Aragorn. Estel is kind and wise and I know that I will come to love him only more deeply over the years. But he is also a son in my father's house and perhaps if my father sees that I will be under the care of one who he holds so dear then he will not grieve for me as he grieves for Elros. He need never know the true nature of my choice. Is this wisdom or folly? I do not know. I only know that my choice has been made long since to walk as a mortal and my choice has been made this day to walk with Aragorn, wherever his path might lead.