of the elves, but Estel could feel the force of the impact in his shoulders. There was a moment of silence, then gentle, almost comforting murmuring. Estel was frightened and wiggled until he could catch sight of Legolas' face. To his surprise the elf was laughing and did not look the least bit discomfited by the fall. The net dissolved and the elves drew away from Legolas. He stood alone, looking around and smiling sheepishly. "Welcome, Prince," said a young ellyth finally , placing her hand over her heart and bowing gracefully. "Welcome, my lord, "said another. Soon the company was crowding around their liege, greeting him, sometimes simply bowing, sometimes embracing him warmly. One at a time he greeted them. As he spoke with his people the sun peered over the edge of the clearing. Many of the elves looked startled to see that the daylight had arrived and vanished quickly into the woods. "Estel," said Legolas at last, "You must come and meet my people." He extended his hand and at that moment Estel truly saw his friend for the prince that he was. At first he was a bit discomfited, feeling keenly that he was poorly dressed and ill prepared to be in his presence. But Legloas laughed again, and drew him by the hand to his side. So Estel went forward and was soon lost again in the gentle welcoming voices of the wood elves. There was a sound coming from within the woods, and soon a small group of elves could be seen coming across the glade. "I have something I want you to see, Estel. It is being brought forth even now, in honor of your coming.," said the elf soberly. And with that, Legolas dropped to one knee and the elves who were with him also knelt. The group of elves drew near and then they parted. Eagerly, and with no small amount of trepidation, Estel looked where they had stood only to find himself met with the gaze of two exquisitely small creatures. "Behold the treasure of Mirkwood," said Legolas softly. "Elflings," he breathed, dropping to his knees. They were beautiful beyond compare. The young ellyth appeared to be about three, her delicate features were softened by dark ebony tresses that fell almost to her waist. Deep grey eyes, framed with dark lashes rested above her tiny nose and sweet rosebud lips. She stood bravely but daintily before her lord, looking and moving like a small sparrow or wren. She stood beside a smaller ellon who gazed with brilliant grey eyes upon Legolas, sucking on two fingers that were exquisite in their miniature perfection. There was a moment of silence, then the little ellyth tilted her head and furrowed her brow with intent curiosity. Legolas met her gaze and smiled, "Greetings, Liniel," he said. With a cry of joy, the spell was broken, and the ellyth bounded gleefully into the arms of the prince. Legolas scooped her up and held her tightly. The young ellon who had stood behind her pulled his fingers from his mouth and toddled to lean against Legolas' side. Proudly the prince smoothed the hair of the youngster and turned to look at Estel. Estel had never seen elflings before. In fact he had been taught that children would not grace the firstborn until all had sailed. As valuable as the stars indeed! He struggled to find words to express his delight and gratitude for all that Legolas had shown him, but before he could organize his thoughts, the moment had passed. Abruptly, the clearing was once again filled with elves bringing trestles and great platters of food for a morning feast. There was a great deal of talking, of laughing and no shortage of spontaneous singing. Estel stayed close to Legolas' side and was welcomed into the warm generosity of the wood elves. Chapter Three Aragorn sat up, picked up his pipe and briefly considered refilling it. He looked sideways at Legolas, then put the pipe away. "Did I ever thank you for allowing me to be a part of your Mereth Echuir ?" "Yes, but I will allow you to do so again." The ranger evidently had more on his mind, "Legolas?" "Yes?" "You intended to fall from that tree." A low chuckle. "But why?" "Because in Mirkwood it is seldom that you can fail without risking life or limb. I thoroughly enjoyed myself. But that is not the only question you want to ask." Aragorn sighed at his friend's perceptiveness. "You and your people have fought to save Mirkwood from the darkness for millennia. Is it really worth it?" "Passions run deep in the Firstborn, Estel. You know that. Our love for the forest will always outweigh any mantle of brokenness that shrouds her. Someday, perhaps, you will see the beauty of the woods. Until then, you must trust me that it is still there, buried beneath the pain. We are Mirkwood's and she is ours, regardless of the name she is called." "But there is so much brokenness and despair there! And yet your people keep loving and laughing. How can that be?" Legolas touched the tree behind him again. "If we let go of our laughter and our love, the Dark One would win even before the battle was begun. It is not always easy to laugh in the face of despair, but joy is our strength and we cannot let that go." Aragorn considered this for a moment, then turned to gaze at the stars. "First watch, Legolas?" he asked finally. "I'll take it, Estel." "So be it." Cuivienen – The great awakening of the Elves beneath the stars. Ellon, ellyn – male elf, male elves Elleth, ellyth – female elf, female elves Gwadar nin – brother of my heart Mereth Echuir – non cannon, spring festival Celege – Sindarin for agile Edain – a mortal person, one of the Secondborn Uruvae – non cannon, warrior's dance Mellon nin – my friend