was a kitchen elf. We ate the stew in silence until not a single bite was left in the pot, then I leaned back and sighed. "That was incredible," I said, "Wherever did you learn to cook like that?" "Mmm, it was good," affirmed the elf, "I suppose it comes from being immortal. We've got a long time to learn how to do things right." "Now about this tobacco?" I asked. Before I could finish my sentence, I heard the sound of horses on the road. The elf took fright and looked as though he were ready to run. He had gotten to his feet and taken two steps when the riders came into view. Quick as a wink I rolled to my feet and grabbed his arms. "Not so fast my friend," I said. I liked the idea of at least someone bearing witness to my sighting and I wasn't going to let him go very quickly. "Let me go!" yelled the creature in a most undignified manner. The two riders drew nearer. The first was clearly a ranger, dressed for the road, with dark stringy hair. He wore an old leather coat that was faded and patched in several places. The second was taller, very blond with fine boned features. He was dressed in simple leggings and tunic of browns and greens, a large bow was set against his back and the ivory handles of two knives peeked from behind his shoulders. His demeanor was not unkind, but very austere. He was rather foreboding and so well armed that I had no desire to offend him. I thought it best to let him be. The ranger seemed friendly enough. He dismounted with professional ease and approached me as I struggled with the elf. He made no attempt to intervene. He just raised his eyebrows and asked, "What is this?" "An elf!" I cried, "I want you to note that I have caught a live elf!" The ranger approached slowly and made to walk around the two of us as we struggled on the ground, "You call that an elf?" he said in open disbelief. "I know it seems unlikely, but he is a kitchen elf. Ask him yourself." It was hard to speak calmly with the elf trying so hard to get away. Finally the creature turned and faced the newcomer. His eyes grew wide and he stopped struggling. "Strider, what are you doing here?" sputtered the little man. The rider stopped and smiled. "Well master elf , I was just going to ask you the same thing. Was there not a ranger that gave you all warning not to leave the Shire this sevenday?" "Well, there was," grumbled the elf, "but I had only a few more days to gather a new pipeweed that was discovered this summer. If I waited till next sevenday it might have vanished for the season." He paused and then almost under his breath he muttered, "I knew as a kitchen elf, word would not get out that I had disobeyed." He looked at the man imploringly. "Well, you best have found some fine stuff. Those warnings are often given for your safety." The elf looked down, and then grinned charmingly at the man, "I am sorry, very sorry Strider, but I am glad to have run into you here. A happy accident, if you know what I mean. Surely that will redeem my transgression?" "We'll see about that," said the man, clearly trying to keep his mirth under control, "It is no accident that you found us on this road. We've fashioned a short break from matters of state to visit Imladris, and we thought to stop in the Shire on the way there. That was why we asked you not to leave." The elf pulled his arm from my grip. His eyes grew wide. "Oh, Strider, I would've missed seeing you? You and Legolas were coming to the Shire? Why, I suppose there would be a great welcome to see you there. A great welcome indeed, with music and dancing and, well I imagine a fine feast as well." The elf stepped closer to the ranger, a look of contrite sorrow on his brow. "Forgive me Strider, if you can. You are right, I should have listened to the warning we were given." "All is forgiven," smiled the man "You can ride with me. We'll be on our way." and with that the ranger remounted and hauled the elf up behind him. When I saw that they were making to leave I grew desperate, "But we've only just met!" I cried, "This kitchen elf made the best stew I've ever tasted and I would give anything to have more. Is there nothing I can do to entice you to stay for a bit and talk?" "No," said the rider, turning his horse to the road, "But I will tell you a secret." He paused for a moment as if to consider something. Finally he said, "Kitchen elves love to visit your kitchen. Just put a bowl of warm milk on the stoop at night and see if an elf doesn't pay you a visit." With that he urged his horse forward and the three of them rode away. I thought I heard the blond man grumble then laugh musically as they vanished down the road, but perhaps I was mistaken. The storyteller paused and looked carefully at the youngest children who were still awake. "Now," he continued in a slow clear voice, "You have heard my story full out. I think that it was a kitchen elf that I met on the road, but perhaps not. At any rate, he's the closest to a real elf I am ever likely to see. I don't have a kitchen, or a bowl of milk or a stoop, but if I ever did I'd be tempted to try to call him forth again, if only for another bite of that wonderful rabbit stew."