cannot say, only that the one who crafted so great and wonderful a world would surely not cease to care for those who have been taken from it." Legolas grasped my shoulder with his good hand, and searched me with his eyes, "I know in my head that Estel is dead. I saw the cliff from which he fell. There is no way that any could survive the fall. My mind is clear, but my heart refuses to listen. I feel as though he still might live, but that simply cannot be. This discord is so – I have never known this face of grief." I grasped his wrist with my hand and tried again to offer him solace. "The finality of mortal death is hard for all of us to bear. I have felt as you do often. I think it is a part of the wound of grieving. Our heads know the facts, but our hearts are ever stubborn in their hope." I stopped then, seeing that my words were too small for the sorrow he was feeling. Ai , those blue eyes had the depths of the ocean in them and they were so troubled and dark! "Hold your hand still, now," I said "I'll get my needle threaded and we'll set you with a few stitches." My hand automatically went to my belt pouch. I removed the whole pouch from my waist and started laying out the contents on the ridge of the low wall. Legolas didn't move when I pulled forth the altheas and the ranger's brooch, but he startled with surprise when he saw the medicine packet that my grandfather had received from Elrond the Wise. "Where did you get this?" he demanded, his slender fingers hovering over the packet, not quite daring to touch it. "It was a gift to my grandfather. Elrond the Wise gave it to him to use in time of need." "Do you know what it is?" There was definitely a tremble in his voice. I wondered for a moment if I should not have brought the packet forth. Legolas needed no new trauma to rock his troubled soul. I shook my head. "May I hold it?" "Hold it? You may have it, if that will lift your heart. It is medicine for an elf, or so I've been told, and you are the only elf I have ever met." He actually smiled at that, and I could almost see a spark of happiness in his eyes. Gingerly he took the packet and unwrapped it. What had looked to be deep green cloth was actually two large leaves that had been wrapped around the contents. The leaves had dried over time. Within the package was a creamy golden triangle that almost looked like a wafer or loaf. It must have been well over fifty years old, but it looked as bright and fresh as daily bread. Legolas gently broke off one corner of the loaf and put it in his mouth. "Wait! Do you know what you are doing?" I protested, "That is at least a half century old. I don't need to nurse you more than I already am." Legolas actually laughed at that, and I shall never forget the music of his laughter. It was like the wisp of a melody or the sound of a brook at snowmelt. I found myself smiling as well. "Tell me, Legolas, what medicine is this that so quickly restores the spirit? You were sorely wounded in your heart, and now you are smiling. What is this?" Legolas spoke as he chewed upon the morsel, "It is lembas bread. It is no medicine, but bread from the grain of Yavanna. It is crafted from the Song itself by the Yavannildi." He sighed deeply, but with relief, not with sorrow. I watched amazed as he seemed to right himself and draw again into balance. He spoke again, "When it is made, the very essence of the Song is kneaded into the dough. The memories and well wishes of the firstborn are poured in as well. Its substance restores the body, but its essence restores the soul." He broke another small piece from the loaf and savored it for a moment before chewing. "One taste brings to me memories of all the good in my life. It reminds me of home, of those who love me." I smiled then, remembering the bread that my grandmother baked. I wondered then if she might have dinner waiting for me. Knowing her, there might even be fresh bread. "Perhaps there is your answer," I said slowly. "Even when our eyes no longer see those we love, they are seen in our hearts and from there we can call them forth. Surely that is reason for our hearts to hope." I smiled as I thought of the role fresh bread had played in my own life, "Bread made with love can go far in opening the eyes of the heart." I bent then and set to my work stitching his hand. The numbing ointment had worked well and he did not flinch. Finally, I tied off the last knot and continued, "I have no power to ease the burden on your soul," I told Legolas, "but if the lembas will help you to defer your sorrow, I am glad. Come with me and I will show you the healing properties of the bread of the mortals. My grandmother is wise, and if she can't answer your questions, at least she will ease your heart with good food and kind fellowship." Legolas gave me a measured look then. I felt as though he were searching my very soul. "It is well," he said, "I will come." He took a deep cleansing breath and then smiled again, a genuine smile, as though the darkness that had bound his heart was truly lifted for a time. He slid from his perch on the wall and we made our way home.