them. So instead he remained in his tree with a hand placed over the hilt of his sword in case these new travelers turned hostile. "Iston i nîf lîn," the words were soft but Aragorn could still pick them up. He was not overly surprised by them. If these were indeed elves then they would know the face of their crown prince. He still did not feel they were elves though. At least, not entirely. Something about them felt sinister and dark. Nothing like the light he sensed when with Legolas or any of the other elves. (I know your face.) Legolas frowned slightly, "Amin sinta lle?" (Do I know you?) The stranger shook his head, that strange smile still in place, "No, but you shall Legolas Thranduilion." Aragorn tensed slightly, something felt very wrong. Legolas seemed to sense it as well, his hand unconsciously brushing over the hilt of his own blade, "Man esselya ná?" (What is your name?) "Nányë Thawon," Aragorn's frown deepened now. That name spoke of darkness. No elf would name their offspring a name that literally meant corrupt. (I am Thawon.) Legolas paused, as if considering whether or not he was serious before nodding slightly, "Thawon, what brings you here? And where is it you are from?" Thawon dipped his head slightly, "I come to see you of course. The Crown Prince of the elves and valiant Warrior of Mirkwood. There are many tales of your bravery and your ability to lead. My master wishes to meet you." "Your master?" Legolas' voice was cautious now, his hand fully grapsing his sword now. Aragorn saw Calwen draw back her bow, ready to strike should any of the four below threaten her Prince. Thawon was the only one to speak so far. His companions remained hooded and stood back a few feet from him. None of them uttered a sound. That made Aragorn nervous. Silence never bode well. Thawon's smile returned now, and Aragorn could see a sinister edge to it now, "Yes, my master is very interested in you. He is building an army you see and he needs someone capable of leading. You are perfect for the position." "I serve only Mirkwood," Legolas said, his tone allowing for no argument. A chuckle drifted from Thawon, ghostly and dancing around the night eerily, "He said you may be of that opinion. I do hate getting blood on my clothes but sometimes sacrifices must be made." Aragorn was out of the tree and beside Legolas the moment he heard the word blood. He would not stand by any longer while his oldest friend was being threatened. It appeared he was not alone in this decision because when he looked to Legolas he could see Calwen standing on the other side of the Prince. Her bow was now pointed directly at Thawon's forehead. He knew Dúlindir was still in the trees, his own bow ready to fell their enemies. "I believe it is time for you to leave," Legolas' voice was cold and commanding. He was a Warrior in that moment and he would not take a threat lightly. "No, Legolas, it is time for you to leave. You are to return with us. Your friends are more than welcome to come as well. The master could use more soldiers and he does not have any humans yet," Thawon's eyes were on Aragorn now. They remained there for many moment, glued to his silver eyes and Aragorn saw recognition dawning, "Aragorn, son of Arathorn. My master will be very pleased to add you to his ranks. Two Princes in one outing, splendid." Aragorn's heart slammed to a halt. Only a trusted few knew of his true lineage. How could this stranger know who he was within moments of seeing him? He drew his own blade, holding it to Thawon's throat, "What did you call me?" "Oh our master knows all about you. The heir to Gondor. You're quite the catch I must say. We could have Gondor and Mirkwood within our grasp with you two alone," Thawon's voice was almost giddy now as his eyes darted between the two of them. A shiver ran down Aragorn's spine and he saw Legolas' jaw clench. "We are not meeting you master, Thawon. I do not know what manner of being you are but you hold no authority here," Aragorn let his sword press into Thawon's neck slightly, "You need to leave." Thawon laughed now, the sound twisted and evil even as a smiel broke over his face, "Why, we are elves. Just as your dear friends here are. Well, not just like them I suppose. You see, we are much faster and much stronger." As if his words were a cue the three beings behind Thawon moved faster than Aragorn could see. He heard a startled cry as Calwen's bowstring snapped and whipped across her cheek. Legolas' arm was yanked up and back before he could react and Aragorn heard the pop of his shoulder coming free of its socket. The gasp of pain came as Aragorn's wrist was grasped in a vise-like grip and twisted until his sword fell to the ground. He grunted as a blow landed on his chest and doubled over, trying to remember how to breathe. Legolas fell beside him, his dislocated arm cradled to his chest as he gasped for air around the pain. His eyes were closed tightly and Aragorn felt his anger rising. Calwen was on the forest floor, completely knocked out by a blow Aragorn didn't even see. It seemed Dúlindir was the only one still standing. Aragorn prayed he would not reveal himself. Someone would have to fetch help if this ended badly. "Legolas Thranduilion and Aragorn son of Arathorn you are both coming with us. Our master will be very pleased," Thawon's voice was smug as he stood over the pair. Aragorn lifted his head and saw the slight nod he gave the other three before everything went black…