the lad dance," someone called from the crowd. "He's just having a bit of fun." "Yah, lemme dance!" agreed the drunken hobbit. Rosie shook her head, in both disapproval and amusement. "You can dance over there then on that table. I don't need you kicking dirt in drinks I'm serving!" "Alright, alright." Frodo and Sam walked into the noisy room and took a seat in their usual spot. "Well, hello lads!" Rosie called making her way over to them. "What can I do for you?" "Just two ales, how's it tonight?" "Everyone's pretty hyped up, more than they usually are. It's been pretty busy the past couple of days," said Rosie as she surveyed the room with dancing eyes. "Well, it's good to see you two again. I'll be getting those ales now." Rosie had to hold her tongue. She wanted desperately to ask where the two hobbits had been all year. But she knew it wouldn't be right prying into their life like that, especially considering the rest of Hobbiton was doing it enough for her and then some. Rosie returned with their drinks and set them on the table. "Let Elsa know if you need anything else. I'm going to have a little break," she said with a sigh of relief, and then disappeared into the crowd Sam turned his attention back to Frodo. "What?" he asked, but he knew why Frodo was smiling. "Oh, nothing. Just wondering when you're going to talk to her." "I just did talk to her," he said, unable to conjure a better response. "I mean, really talk to her, Sam. Go on, I know you want to. She's on her break after all." "No, no. I couldn't do that." "Sure you can. I'll just be sitting right here, really. That's the reason she said she was on her break, after all. She wants you to join her." Sam looked through the crowd at Rosie. Her curls were bouncing around as she began talking excitedly to someone. Sam sighed, "Are you sure about this?" "Of course I am." "All right then, Mr. Frodo. If you say so," Sam took a sip out of his mug and stood. Trying to muster as much confidence as he could as he made his way toward Rosie. Frodo rested his back on the wood and sighed. He was glad Sam left to speak with Rosie. He knew he wouldn't be of very good company tonight, for his mind was elsewhere. He closed his eyes and tried to rest his throbbing temples. But just then a voice came, causing him to snap his eyes open. "Well, hey there Frodo!" "Oh, hello…have we met?" "Nope! That's why I came over here to introduce myself. You don't seem very busy," the hobbit said, taking a seat across from Frodo. "I'm Larn, I just moved here a few months ago." "Hello, Larn," said Frodo, and after a minute of silence tried his best to sound interested, asking, "Where did you live before here?" "Not much fun there, heh. I thought maybe you and me could be friends, you could tell me all about these I things /I ." "Things? What things?" "You know, all these things people are talking about. That wizard, you and leaving the Shire only to pop back up again like old Bilbo. Oh and the gold! You really have gold stashed up there? Don't worry I won't tell anyone," asked Larn, excited for an answer. "What is there to tell?" asked Frodo, a little annoyed. "Yes, we both left the Shire only to 'pop back up again' as you say." "Well, what'd you leave for in the first place?" "What does it matter?" "I see you don't want to talk about that. I understand." Frodo looked up at Larn, thankful he had took the hint. "You don't want to talk about your leaving and returning. But could you tell me if elves are real?" "Yes, they're real. There are many things out there that you wouldn't believe, even if your most trustful source had informed you. That's why there's really no point in telling of my whereabouts and what I saw." "I'd believe you, sir. What do the elves look like?" "They're more beautiful than anything in the world. Their face is fair and always joyous and-." Frodo came to a sudden stop as he took notice of the angry man behind Larn. Noticing Frodo's face, Larn looked behind him. "Oh dad! This is Fro-" "No you don't! Larn you get out back at yer table this instant!" the angry man said pulling his son up by the collar and shoving him along. "I ain't letting you fill my boy's head with that nonsense. You stay away from him, you hear? One insane lad is enough, don't you go messing with other's heads." "I didn't-" started Frodo; his mouth was open but more so from shock than actually trying to talk. He wanted to defend himself but nothing came out. His mind was blank. Just as the angry father went back to his table, Frodo's attention wavered. He suddenly realized the hushed whispers around him and the eyes that seemed to rise from the table to stare at him with wonder. Frodo stood up and walked out of the tavern to escape the prying eyes. He stood before the door confused, unsure what to do next. His hand was on his forehead, as if easing himself through the recent event as he replayed it in his mind. As he looked up from the ground a glint of light caught his eye far off in the grass. What had that come from? It would have to be something shiny in order to catch the light. Filled with curiosity, Frodo made his way over to where he had seen the glint of light. Before he knew it he was there. And as he looked down at his feet, he couldn't believe what was there. It was a golden Ring.