of the elves. He heard her and heard her sadness. It was such a shame he thought. She was a lovely child and it seemed already her life was full of hardships. The elf's heart went out to Terrwyn. He took her hand and looked at her, capturing her green eyes with his brown ones. "No matter what happens, know that she loves you. Sometimes grown-ups get so tied up in matters, they forget to say it, but I know they always feel it, and it never leaves their heart." It was at that moment that Terrwyn felt the magic of the elves. As he spoke to her and held her hand, she felt his kindness and love seep out of his fingers and into her skin where it traveled until it reached her heart. "I will never forget you," she said and kissed his cheek. The elf smiled and reached into his tunic. "Before you go, I have something for you both." He pulled out a small dagger and handed it to Hathmund. "You are very brave for someone so young. I can see and feel your hurt, but also the love for your family and the burden of becoming their protector. May this blade continue to help you protect them." Hathmund took the small knife and examined it. It was not fancy, silver with a wooden handle and worn looking. There were elvish runes on it. "What do these mean?" he asked. "It is a prayer to the Valar to watch over the one who carries it. Now may they watch over you, young Master Hathmund." The young boy had never been addressed as such and seemed to stand a little taller. "Thank you," he whispered. Terrwyn stood by patiently, hands behind her back and fingers entwined while she swayed back and forth. The elf looked at her and smiled, letting the moment last until it seemed she would burst. "Do you have something for me too?" she finally asked, not being able to wait any longer. The elf smiled wide and reached into a pouch that hung at his side. He fumbled around, eyes looking upwards, biting his bottom lip in a childish way as if he could not find the thing he was searching for. Then he gasped and smiled wide, looking Terrwyn in the eyes and making her very excited. "Here it is!" he exclaimed and pulled something small from the pouch. She watched as he juggled it around as if he were about to drop it. Then he held his hands in front of her, clasped into fists. "Which one will you choose?" he asked. Terrwyn stuck her tongue out running it along her top lip as if in deep concentration. She was afraid she would choose wrong and come up with an empty hand and no prize. She looked up at the elf and studied his face for any sign of a suggestion. He looked back and forth to both hands but seemed to linger on the right one more than the left. Terrwyn took a chance and chose the right hand. "That one," she said. The elf turned his fist over and slowly unwrapped his fingers, revealing a small wooden butterfly. She noticed how intricate the detail was and smiled. "Did you make this?" she asked. "I did," he answered proudly. "From a fallen branch of a very old beech tree in my woodland home of Mirkwood." Terrwyn accepted it, flipping it over several times to further examine it. The bottom was smooth and flat, but the top of the butterfly was carefully carved with swirls on its wings. It would have taken a sturdy hand to make such small details. "Surely this must have been a gift for someone. It is very well made and beautiful." "I was going to give it to my heart's desire, but he needs no trinkets to remind him of my love," the elf answered and his attention was drawn away briefly as if remembering something. Terrwyn never took notice that the elf mentioned his love was a 'he'. To her it just seemed to make sense. "But it was made for someone else. I cannot accept it." "I made it and it is my choice who I give it too. Besides, you remind me of a butterfly," the elf said to gain her attention. Terrwyn looked at him curiously. "A butterfly?" "Well right now you are like the caterpillar and you are just going along without a worry. Then I see you locked inside yourself for a while, protecting yourself when no others can." His voice was low as he spoke, as if he wanted no one else to hear. There was a sadness to it and Terrwyn felt it also, but it only lasted a moment before the elf was smiling again. "One day you will be free to spread your wings and you will be the most beautiful of all butterflies." Every word he said stuck in her mind and in her heart. This elf had touched her and she would never forget their first meeting. They truly were magical as far as she could see. From that moment on, Terrwyn would always long to be amongst the elves, as if it were where she truly belonged. She closed her small fingers around the wooden figure and held it to her heart. "Thank you Master Elf. I will never forget you," she said and kissed his cheek one last time. "Farewell Lady Terrwyn, and may the Valar keep you within their thoughts," the elf whispered in her ear. She thought she could even smell the moss and early morning dew of his home and she longed to one day be amongst his kind. And with that, the children skipped off to find their mother, but Terrwyn carried a newfound love in her heart and a desire to one day visit Mirkwood. Little did she know how much more it would mean one day.