and seen by the healer on duty there. She recalled one of the men telling Feredir that Captain Horphen gave them their orders while he interrogated the captured leader. A bargaining tool, she thought. The leader would divulge information in exchange for the fair treatment of his men. She wondered what kind of information the Harad man held for Horphen to agree to the arrangement. The guards left with the prisoners, and Terrwyn waited for Feredir to go with them. Instead, he stayed seated on his rickety throne in the corner, his eyes burning a hole into her back. Her ire began to boil slightly. What was he waiting for? If he was to have it out with her, better to get it over with so she could work in peace. She ordered Tharon to send in the first group of Ithilien soldiers, as she and Rhawen prepared and cleaned their work area. Rhawen leaned in and whispered in Terrwyn's ear with concern. "Did you notice the odd wounds on the prisoner's backs?" "I did," Terrwyn answered. "Those were not fresh. They looked to be a week or so gone. That did not happen here or by our soldiers." "They did not seem like Harad soldiers either," Rhawen mentioned. "They were very scared, unlike what I have seen with other prisoners of war." "Terrwyn, a word with you, please," Feredir said as he stood and went through a door that led to a private workroom at the very back of the healing house. The dry tone of his voice made her tense and ready for the fight. She abandoned the conversation with Rhawen. "Stubborn man," she muttered. Just as Terrwyn was half-elf, half-human, so was Feredir, but his human half was Numenorean, and in times when his temper flared, this trait was very prominent. Terrwyn cleaned her hands, and gave orders to Rhawen and Tharon to begin attending the first of the Ithilien soldiers while she spoke with her husband. She fixed her dress, pulled her hair back and tied it with a ribbon, and then took a deep breath, ready to defend herself against her stubborn husband. She went through the door, closing it behind her so that the others would not hear, and opened her mouth to start the argument. To her surprise, Feredir stepped out of the shadows from behind, grabbed her by the waist, spun her round to face him, and pushed her against the wall. "Feredir, what—" she said startled, but was cut off when his mouth covered hers. His kiss was hard and fervent, as if his very life depended on the taste of her lips. Terrwyn had prepared herself for a fight, and hadn't anticipated this. The mixture of anger and lust was making her body ache with a growing fire in her belly. If he didn't release her soon, she thought she would instantly combust into flames. Unable to resist, she kissed him back, grabbing fistfuls of his thick black hair, and enjoying the sensation of being crushed between the wall and his hardened body. When he let her go, she felt herself swoon from weakened knees. He had truly taken part of her life force to satisfy his sudden need for her soul. She swayed slightly, but he wrapped an arm about her waist. After she was able to breathe again, she spoke. "What was that for?" "I don't know what came over me, Naru, but the sight of you standing above the crowd, my sword in your hand, controlling all those soldiers … by the gods Terrwyn, I wanted to throw you down right then and there, drape you across that table, and have my way with you." "You don't say," she jested, still a little light-headed from the kiss. "I was only doing what I must to get my healing house back in order." Feredir pulled her close and whispered his hot breath into her ear. "I will not be able to concentrate for the rest of the day. That image of you is burned into the backs of my eyelids." "Then I suggest you keep your eyes open," she responded, suddenly feeling drunk on the power she held over him. She felt her resistance was much stronger than his was in that moment. He was as a puppet in her hands, ready to do as she willed. "I need you now, Terrwyn. My body aches for you," he begged. "But I can't. I have a waiting room full of men … your men, might I remind you." He rested his forehead against hers, and cupped his hands to the sides of her face. "I will give you an hour, and then you are all mine, Naru. I'll send a carriage." "But—" she protested. There was a waiting room full of patients to consider, and not to mention their son, who was upstairs preparing rabbit stew with their family friend, Limil. "I can't just leave and—" "One hour." He leaned down to kiss her, his lips only an inch from hers, but he stopped, closed his eyes and released a long sigh. Then he left through the back door, which led to the herb garden. There was a gate that opened to a stone pathway. From the back of the healing house, his captain's quarter was within walking distance. That must be where he was going for now. "No wonder he did not leave by the front door," she said to herself. The heaviness of his hardened bulge still left a ghostly impression upon her pelvis. He was in no shape to be seen by his men, or anyone for that matter. Terrwyn smiled as she thought about how easy it was to identify an aroused man. It was good to be a woman, she concluded, knowing her own arousal was just as prominent, but secretly hidden. And a good thing too, since she only had an hour to stitch up the men and send them on their way.