"Hold them!" Aragorn approached. "How long do you need?" He asked Théoden. "As long as you can give me!" "Gimli!" Aragorn and Gimli hastened away. Legolas and Kinkathra quickly moved to the top of the wall to look down and watched as Aragorn and Gimli battled orcs at the gate. "Shore up the door!" Théoden yelled. "Gimli! Aragorn! Get out of there!" "Aragorn!" Legolas called down, throwing a rope for them to climb up. Kinkathra grabbed the rope and helped him pull his friends to safety. Aragorn nodded at her as he reached the top. "Pull everyone back." Théoden shouted. "Pull them back!" Gamling took no time to hesitate. "Pull back! Pull back! Retreat! Retreat!" "Hurry!" Aragorn told his friend. "Get them inside! Come, to the keep!" Once inside they closed the inner gates. Legolas took the time to really look at Kinkathra now, he knew they had been something different about her but hadn't had the time to think on it before. She was no longer in black to start, instead she wore a crimson cloak over gleaming golden armor that matched her dark blood red hair and gold toned skin. She looked every inch like the Dragon Queen now, right up to the gold circlet set with a red gem on her brow. He smiled and closed his arms around her impulsively, he was so glad to see her, if she killed him now for it he would die happy. She turned and smiled at him distractedly before she turned to listen to the others talk. "The fortress is taken." Théoden despaired. "It is over." "You said this fortress would never fall while your men defend it." Aragorn frowned. "They still defend it. They have died defending it! Is there no other way for the woman and children to get out of the caves? Is there no other way?" Gamling came forward. "There is one passage. It leads into the mountains. But they will not get far." He shook his head. "The uruk-hai are too many." "Send word for the woman and children to make for the mountain pass." Aragorn said. "And barricade the entrance!" He turned to Kinkathra now. "Is there not more you could do?" She shook her head slowly as she pulled herself up and pushed Legolas' arms away, standing on her own. "I've used too much of my power merely getting here as fast as I did." She said it as if she hated to admit it. "Without rest I can do little more, I doubt I could even free myself if I wanted to." "Who is this?" Théoden asked. "Théoden-King, meet the Dragon Queen Kinkathra." Aragorn introduced them. "The dragon on the field, I thought I was seeing things." Théoden murmured. "Can you still fight?" Aragorn looked back at her. Reaching over her shoulder she unsheathed the long golden sword there. "Always." Legolas glanced at her, she looked very tired and yet somehow so happy. Why she was happy to be here just then he couldn't guess and he felt deeply ashamed of himself to have brought her here only to die. "So much death." Uttered the King. "What can men do against such reckless hate?" Kinkathra looked to Legolas and smiled. "It is not as dark as it seems my prince of Mirkwood." He frowned slightly, not understanding what she meant by that. "Ride out with me." Aragorn said. "Ride out and meet them." "For death and glory?" Théoden blinked. "For Rohan. For your people." Aragorn said. "Not dark at all." Kinkathra looked up at a small window and Legolas looked up as well. Gimli followed their eyes. "The sun is rising." Legolas looked at that light, the light of the fifth day, dawn. He looked to her and smiled. She had somehow known about Gandalf's coming. "Yes." Théoden nodded slowly, unaware of what the three were discussing, then with more feeling. "Yes! The horn of Helm Hammerhand shall sound in the deep one last time." "Yes!" Gimli agreed, climbing up to blow the horn without being asked. "Let this be the hour when we draw our swords together." Théoden said. "Fell deeds await. Now for wrath. Now for ruin. And the red dawn!" Aragorn and Théoden mounted their horses and Legolas followed suit, offering his hand to Kinkathra. "My Queen." He smiled gravely. She took his hand and was pulled up behind him. "Forth Eorlingas!" Théoden cried as the gates were opened before them and the three steeds charged out, clearing the causeway of urks as they went. Over the eastern ridge came not just the sun but the lone, glowing white figure of Gandalf the White. "Gandalf." Aragorn spotted him first. "Théoden-King stands alone." Gandalf said as more riders appeared beside him. "Not alone." Eomer replied. "Rohirrim!" "Eomer!" Théoden cried out in surprise. "To the King!" Eomer rallied his riders. They charged down the steep embankment, crashing into the orcs, washing over them like hooved death. Legolas heard Kinkathra say appreciatively. "Death, death on a horse." Then she gave a small laugh. Gandalf rejoined his friends, he smiled and bowed his head to Kinkathra. "Greetings to you Red Queen. I thought never to see you out of your city." he glanced at Legolas. "But most thankful are we that you came to our aid." She smiled in recognition of Gandalf. "You still wander this land grey traveller, still into places you should not be. But no I see you are not any longer but instead the White Wizard." Legolas watched them clasp hands warmly like old friends and he realized that they had obviously met before and couldn't help but wonder about the story behind that one. Gandalf turned to look east towards Mordor and the others did as well. "Sauron's wrath will be terrible, his retribution swift. The battle for Helm's Deep is over." He looked at them. "The battle for middle-earth is about to begin. All out hopes now lie with two little hobbits. Somewhere in the wilderness."