lady, but even so many are sleeping on the streets on the lower levels. They say that the Rohirrim rode for five days with not much more than oats to sustain them. Then they fought like demons, so it's no wonder some just collapsed from exhaustion when it was over. At least we can offer them clean linen and decent rations, the city is well stocked." Organisation! Her uncle Denethor might have had his faults but no-one could ever accuse him of not succouring his people. A wave of sadness passed over her: whatever happened now so much would never be the same again. "Halt! Name yourself!" Lothíriel jumped. So unforeseen, the harsh voice startled her. Without her noticing they had reached the archway that led into the courtyard of her house. But hand on sword hilt, a fair- haired warrior barred her way. "Princess Lothíriel seeks entrance to her home! Do not keep her waiting for she is weary after ministering to the sick." Arthad drew himself up and responded to the challenge in like manner. Lothíriel had to hide a smile at the exchange, which reminded her of two strutting cocks facing off. But where were her father's guards and why had they been replaced by one of the Rohirrim? As she thought it a blue-clad soldier stepped out, clasping his compatriot on the arm. "Rest easy, my friend. It's Prince Imrahil's daughter." "Pardon, my lady." Her challenger relaxed, nodded a bow and moved to the side of the arch to allow her through. "But be careful to go straight to the doorway, my lady, our horses do not tolerate strangers." Having thanked Arthad and entered the courtyard Lothíriel saw what the man meant – more warhorses were now tethered in the yard. They stood with hanging heads, no doubt still weary from their exertions. Putting her hand on the iron latch of the door she wondered what she would find. If there were horses in the yard there would be….the smell hit her first. The same scent of unwashed male, blood and gore she had been immersed in for days. But at least in the Healing Houses they washed it off. Lothíriel put the back of her hand to her nose and looked around the ante-chamber – she supposed some effort had been made to leave a path through to the passage that led to the family private quarters, but that was all. Sleeping men covered the floor and there were even a few bedded down on top of the huge table. All lay fully clothed next to their weapons, and interspersed between the knights of Dol Amroth were blonde men of Rohan. One man with long braided hair coughed and turned over, clutching for his sword as he did so. Lothíriel saw he had a gash over one eye. She picked up her skirts and tip-toed through the prone men. These warriors deserved their sleep, although with the sky lightening they would probably wake soon enough. Halfway across one did just that, sitting up and staring straight at her. He opened his mouth in surprise but Lothíriel quickened her pace and disappeared into the passage. With any luck he would go back to sleep thinking her part of a dream. Not that she imagined she looked like any man's dream at that moment. And she probably wouldn't for a while, sympathising with the warriors there – the need to sleep paramount before any cleaning up. Thankfully her own room and bed were just steps away. Lothíriel pushed open the door of her bed-chamber, and immediately recoiled from the unexpected rank smell of blood and unwashed… she stopped dead, ramming her hand against her mouth to prevent a gasp escaping. There was a man in her bed! A naked man! The chaos in the room bore witness to the fact that he must have stripped off and virtually fallen on the bed as clothes and bits of armour were strewn all over floor. Her eyes flicked around – the only thing to have been placed with any care was his sword, which stood propped in the corner. But no time had been spared to wash off the stench of battle as the bowl of water looked to have been ignored. She knew she should leave straightaway but could not resist returning her gaze back to the prone figure on the bed; he certainly took up a large part of it. Not one of their Knights but another of the Rohirrim, she deduced from the mane of somewhat lank, light-coloured hair that fell over his face and across his back. Luckily, as quilt and sheet had tangled around his feet, he lay on his stomach with his head resting on his arm. Sweet Elbereth, she had seen a lot of bare male flesh since taking up her new role but none had got her heart thumping like this. Lothíriel swallowed, she should retreat out of the door but seemed unable to draw her eyes away from the sight of long lean legs, well shaped buttocks and the deep sculpted muscles of his broad back. Even in all his dirt he looked magnificent. "My lady." A hushed whisper from behind her made her start. Without turning around she stepped backwards out of the door, pulling it quietly shut. "My lady, I'm sorry. I meant to waylay you but I fell asleep. Your father brought him back a few hours before dawn and he was so exhausted he couldn't even wait for me to make up another bed. So we put him in yours." The old housekeeper sounded as though she was expecting to be censured, but Lothíriel took her arm steering them away from the door. "Who is he?" she whispered, although she had a pretty good idea, given the alert guard outside and the men sleeping in the ante-chamber. "The King of Rohan, my lady." -------------------------- To be concluded shortly. As always – my grateful thanks to Lia.