drugs we gave him to treat his wounds." She told Christine. She jumped when she heard the beeping sound of the EKG machine. She glanced down to find it sitting beside him on the gurney, showing stable pulse and BP. "Weird." She told herself. "If are indeed in another world, why is our equipment still working?" She checked her phone and it wasn't working with only a busy signal but her watch was. "Are you getting the same thing, Christine?" "Yeah. Strange isn't it?" The other woman replied with a laugh. The elves murmured among themselves before turning back to their leader who was regarding everything keenly. He wasn't too sure what was going on, but if Legolas was saying everything was true about these women and where they came from, then he had no other choice but to trust the prince's word and bring them back to be judged by king Thranduil. He let out a sigh and prayed to the Valar that their king would be willing to show as much kindness and good judgment upon them as his son had. "Come, we all must head back to the city before nightfall. These woods are often not safe at night." He motioned for them to get moving. "Transport him as you see fit as long as it doesn't cause much ruckus to cause the enemy to turn their attention on us." The women exchanged looks. "Er, well about that." Lana started slowly, pointing a finger at their transporter. "This thing gets rather loud when we start her up." "Then do so and lets get going." He replied before turning his attention back to his fellow warriors. He gave quiet instruction before sending three swiftly ahead. He watched the women reload the prince back into the strange carriage before they got inside. Curious, he walked to where one of the doors closed and jumped back when it suddenly let out a loud roar before becoming to a quite humming noise. He held up a hand to prevent the other archers from firing arrows. "Its okay, it won't harm you as long as the prince is safe." He told them in their own tongue. "Just lead the way back to the city." Christine rolled down her window and smiled at him. "Hey you, dark haired guy." She called. He stared up at her. "Yes, you." She smirked once she had his full attention. "Why don't you come up in here and join Legolas for the ride? That way you can see for yourself that we don't' mean you any harm." "Um, sure." Gruivuen said as she opened her door and beckoned him to come in. He got inside awkwardly and shut the door behind him. Lana smiled at him as she slowly drove the ambulance forward. "Buckle your seat belt for your safety." She told him. He glanced around until Christine who was crouched between them, helped him locate the seat belt and clicked it into place for him. "Strange but effective." He nodded while he held onto the dashboard just to be safe. "Just follow my men." He pointed towards the waiting elves as they looked back at them. He smiled to assure them that everything was okay. They frowned and he swore that some looked rather envious that he was in the strange carriage with the newcomers, but they turned back around and swiftly made their way down the secret elven pathway that would eventually lead to their city and king. Lana hummed a small tune to herself while she drove to keep her shocked mind occupied. The dark haired elf occasionally asked her questions like where exactly was she and the other woman from and what did they do for occupations, is their world full of elves, dwarfs and men and did it look like this world that she found themselves at. She answered as best as she could but soon fell into silance as the woods went from sunny and green to dark and almost black like. The air seemed to be too stuffy to be able to breath in, but she kept the windows up to be safe as they continued their long trip to where ever these strange people were leading them. "Strange isn't that you and I are alive in another world." She heard Christine mummer to her. "When I awoke, I thought I was dead too until I heard Legolas speak a few yards from me in that grove back there. He was very groggy and grumpy I might add, but he seemed to trust me right away once I told him that I was only there to help his wounds." "I can't still believe we are in another world." "But at least we have come across kind people." Christine replied before squeezing Lana's shoulder with a comforting hand and taking a seat in the back of the ambulance. "I'll keep an eye on Legolas. Just let me know when we get there." "Will do." Gruivuen wrung his hands in his lap. Kind wasn't the word to discribe their king. Kind yes, but only to those closest to him. Towards others, he was always alouf, calculating and cold. He kept his distance from his subjects unless needed, especially during these dark times of war within the kingdom, fighting spiders, orcs, trolls and wargs. The king didn't take kindly to outsiders, so it concern the elven captain how he would be receptive towards these kind women who helped practically save his only son's life. I will need to be a good vouch for them if things decide to go south with the king. He thought to himself inwardly. Because he had a bad feeling that since his son's strange diappearnce after that small skirmish with a band of raiding orcs, he wasn't going to be in a very good mood when he finds that his son didn't come home alone. And with two mortal women and this strange magical carriage for that matter.