the table, while Adan stood with his arms crossed in a corner with a saddened expression. Autumn finally said, "What's going on?" "Daughter mine, I have known Adan for years, before you were born. I have not told you much of your father, but now I must. The mark on your arm, when it appeared I knew your father now knew about you as well. Do you know what that mark means? "No, I know the black horse is your family symbol, which is all." She looked to Adan and then back to her mother worried. "The tree is from your father, when I first met him; he drew a picture for me that I have kept all these years of that exact tree." Lilith put her hand on the parchment before continuing. When I was young, I had run into the woods and wound up being chased by an orc. He had cornered me, but then from out of nowhere an arrow shot it in the neck. The orc fell and I looked at the most beautiful man I had ever set eyes on. He came to me and picked me up into his arms and ran to Lorien. I had stayed a week, of course I had then realized by his ears he was an elf. That is also where I met Adan. Little did I know I was falling in love with this elf who was also the March Warden? On the last night of my stay we conceived you. I knew the next morning I woke up I had to leave." She looked at her daughter who was appalled at all of this. Then to Adan who told her to keep going. "Your father sent Adan after me; I had stolen a horse to ride far away. Adan caught up and pleaded with me to go back I told him I couldn't because, I knew I was with child. I didn't want to hurt your father's position. I told Adan to tell your father I was too far gone." She looked to her daughter before Autumn asked. "You said elf, are you telling me my father is an elf? That cannot be, I'm mortal not immortal." She looked to Adan who slowly opened his mouth. "You are a Halfling, half mortal, half elf, have you noticed that your senses have peaked, that you can jump from cliffs and hear and see miles ahead of you. Only elves can do that, however not even an elf can jump a cliff. You say you can hear the tree's as if they spoke, the bonds you hold with people are everlasting and you would take your life to protect them. You are special Autumn; your mother speaks the truth. Your father's name is Haldir; he is the March Warden of Lorien, as well as my captain. I have been training you for what is to come. Autumn looked to her mother and then to Adan speechless. "I don't have ears like yours Adan. How is that possible? What is to become of me?" She said with fear and tears threatening to escape. "Calm my love, since the mark has been placed you must leave with Adan to Lothlorien. The mark is of both your father and mine crest, together proving your place in this world. You are of a strong elven bloodline that is why I had Adan train you when you turned 16. As for your ears we cannot explain that, your hair is rare for even a mortal's is not that black. You can speak the language of elves fluently and don't even know you do it. You are mine and your father's daughter. I am sorry I did not tell you before, How can you ever forgive me?" "You are my mother, I understand." Autumn went to embrace her mother; she felt faint and couldn't believe any of this to be true, but now it all makes sense. "When do I depart?" Adan stepped forward, Autumn and her mother looked to him when he spoke, "We leave at dawn tomorrow, and we must go to Rivendell first to see Lord Elrond, and then make haste to Lothlorien." "Okay, can you give me and my mother time?" She turned to Adan. He walked out to the stables, and then me and my mother where alone. Autumn smile and to brighten the mood she said, "What will I wear?" Lilith told her daughter to stay put. She brought out a few things. "I have been making these from the fabrics Adan has been bringing me." Autumn looked over the clothes. She was stunned at the colors, There was a green tunic with black leggings and boots that where brown that went up to my knees, and then she looked at the silver and blue tunic that matched the tan leggings, then a beautiful tunic caught her attention. It was clad in white with beautiful green and silver tree's lining the sleeves and top. The tunics where cut like a dress was, low so that she didn't look so manly wearing men's clothing. She then noticed the armor, it was light just some guards with a cut chest pad all of it matching the boots, a belt with the same symbol on her forearm on the clasp that held it together when worn. She looked to her mother with tears in her eyes. She didn't want to leave, but her mother told her she had too. "Amin mela lle Naneth" (I love you mother). "Go now and rest, your things will be ready when you wake." Lilith gave Autumn one last hug before her daughter left her to go to sleep. Adan walked in and Lilith sunk to the ground, before she hit the floor however, Adan caught her as she wept softly in his arms. He spoke to her softly. "Tenna' ento lye omenta, amin nowe ageis he!" (until we meet again, I will protect her) "Thank you."