have taken their toll on his sense of humour, but that will change. Ask your brothers, when we were in Edoras last summer he was much lighter-hearted. He will make you a fine husband." "If you had given me some clue, Father, then I would have made sure that I engaged in some meaningful conversation with him. I do not even know if I like him and yet you are expecting me to agree to spend the rest of my life by his side." I sniffed, and took out my handkerchief again, trying to find a dry patch. A pristine piece of white linen appeared in front of my face. "Thank you," I said gratefully. "I don't want it back." I smiled, in spite of the cold feeling in my stomach. If the Lord of Dol Amroth had his way ladies would never need to blow their noses. "How do you want to spend the rest of your life, Lothíriel? I know you do not wish to return to Dol Amroth for a good while. I think you are wise in that. With Elphir taking over from me now that I am committed to our king, Melina will want to run things her way. It is better that you let her get on with it." "It's not the only reason." "I know, and I am sorry that it had to be you to …," he shook his head sadly, his eyes far away for a moment. "Time will make it better for all of us." I wondered if it would, if I would ever hear the roar of the surf on the beach again without remembering that morning. I would certainly never be able to gallop along the sand again. I had borne it for the past three years because I had to, but now I had got away – I didn't think I would ever want to go home permanently. "I thought I could stay here," I eventually answered. "You know Faramir has found me useful. I get on well with Queen Arwen. There is plenty for me to do. I have my translating, my books and Ithilien is open for riding, now." "And where do marriage and children fit into this grand plan, Lothíriel?" "I don't know," I said honestly. "I supposed I imagined that I will eventually meet someone suitable I like well enough to marry." "Only like?" My father asked softly. "I am realistic enough to have put thoughts of love away when I was sixteen and fell heavily for one of your soldiers!" I retorted irritably, but any emotion made my noise run again so I carried on rather more quietly. "It was painful then, and I have no wish at twenty to fall in love with someone whom I will not be allowed to bond with." "Very sensible, my dear. In fact you have always been a very sensible girl." "Sensible enough to fall in with your plans, you mean?" "If you decide not to 'fall in with my plans', so to speak, who do you think you may marry?" I shrugged my shoulders. "Nobody springs to mind." That was true, I had had no lack of company or attention since I had arrived in the White City, but none had even caused my heart to flutter. "You know, I cannot believe you are naïve enough to think that you, one of the highest born in the land, can make your home in the City of Kings without attracting an extraordinary amount of attention. I have refused two offers for your hand in the last month. "Have you! Why did you not tell me?" I demanded, ignoring his statement of how naïve I was. It was something I could not deny. "Because, for one, I did not think you would be interested in marrying the Lord of Lossarnach." "Forlong's brother! You are right! How dare he?" I responded furiously. "He is old. Old and fat. Fatter even than …," I put my wrath aside for a moment and demanded crossly, "Who is the other?" "Lord Turgon." "He is even older," I exclaimed, standing up and striding over to the window. It was too much. "But he is not fat." "No, he is not," I rounded on him. "He is as skinny as …" My father's lips were twitching and suddenly I saw the funny side and burst out laughing. "All right then, how old is Éomer of Rohan?" "Twenty seven or twenty eight, I believe." "He looks much older," I said surprised. "So do you, my love with those net things you insist on wearing. You look like a matron." Maybe I did. I swallowed and turned to look out the window, the tears stinging my eyes for a moment, but it was better than my hair floating around loose and reminding me of… "It didn't put King Éomer off." I retorted petulantly, pushing awful memories aside "Although, I imagine he didn't really bother to look, just agreed to what was suggested." "He did look, Lothíriel, and I might have said you look like a matron, but it is a very lovely matron." "So, he is ready to do his duty and it only remains for me to agree to it." "He was born to duty, Lothíriel. Just like you, I and your brothers were. I know Erchirion couldn't wait to go to war but do you think Elphir really wanted to ride away leaving a wife and a young son he thought he would never see again. And Amrothos, as good a combatant as he is, he is even less inclined to war than your cousin, Faramir." I stared out of the window, looking towards the sea and my once-loved home. There was no choice, I knew it and my father knew it. "I know that Father, and I am grateful. We all are. But those that survived came home. If I go to Rohan, survive or not, I can never return." TBC