beside me. He'd just sleep now, warm and cozy as he was, so I moved away real slowly so's not to jar him any, and he didn't even flinch, his thick lashes never leaving his smooth cheeks. I just had to look at my soap again. I'd gone to sleep thinking about it, because it just didn't seem possible to me that Aragorn would've done something like wash Boromir's mouth out like that. One warrior doing something like that to another warrior? No, that didn't seem right. So I thought I'd take another look, just to see if there were any clues there I might've missed. I crept over to my pack and dug the soap out, then I held it up, catching the firelight. Hm. So strange. "Thinking of doing a little wash, Samwise Gamgee?" I started so at Mister Gandalf's soft question from behind me that I jerked and the soap went flying up out of my hand, and when I spun around to try and catch it, bless me if Gandalf didn't snatch it right out of the air! Trust a wizard. He stood there holding it and staring down with that look that makes me wonder if he's angry or about to burst out laughing. His bushy eyebrows rose up like he was waiting for an answer to his silly question. "N-No, sir," I answered soft-like so's not to wake the others. "I . . . well, I was just--" And I didn't know what to tell him. I don't think up falsehoods quickly. In fact I don't think them up at all, even if it was to save my life. So I just stood there looking up at him, stumped. "Hmph," he said, or something that sounded like that. He held up the bar of soap and said, "You brought more than just this one cake, I take it?" "Aye! Lots more." "Then I'm going to keep this one, if it's all the same to you." I tried not the cringe as he pocketed my soap. I opened my mouth to say that I really wanted that particular cake back and maybe he'd trade for a fresh one, but then I looked at his expression again, and then I said, "Aye, sir." He nodded and said, "Get some sleep. We have a long journey left to us." "Yes, sir." He tilted his head to one side and then he got this kindly look in his eyes and he said, "You take wonderful care of Frodo, Sam. I'm proud of you." It would've been polite for me to thank him for saying something nice like that, especially when it warmed me up so inside, but all I could do was get red-faced and smile up at him. It seemed like enough, though. Gandalf grinned. He moved away then and went off into the night, something he did from time to time, I guess to have a look around, or to find a clear space to stare up and read the stars, or to go talk to whoever was on watch, or to do whatever wizards find to do. "Well, that's that then." I flinched again at a new voice talking to me. Merry braced himself up on his arm and lifted his head to give me look. "No more evidence to examine, eh, Sam?" I sighed and wandered over and plunked down beside him. "Nope. You're right. That's that." "Oh, well," he said, sitting up. "It was a good mystery while it lasted." "I suppose Frodo was right, too. It's none of our business." "Nope. None of our business." "But, you know," I said. "I was laying there tonight thinking we had to be wrong." Merry's gaze shifted off like he was thinking things over. "It does seem unlikely." "I just can't picture it, even how he would do it." "Me, neither. And you know what, Sam? That's fine with me, because that's not a picture I'm eager to see." "Me, neither. I wouldn't want to know particulars, if you know what I mean. I'm still curious, but now that Gandalf's in it," I winced. "It's like what Frodo told me once, something an elf told him: 'Do not meddle in the affairs of Wizards, for they are subtle and quick to anger.' " Merry nodded. "That's Gandalf all right." "And like Frodo said, we'd never know for sure unless we asked, and none of us would do that." "I would," came a muffled voice. Merry groaned. "Pippin! You shouldn't be up. And no, you wouldn't, because I'd see you didn't." "Then I wouldn't tell you I was going to do it." Pippin rolled over, all wrapped up in his blanket so's only his little face showed, his eyes all lit up the way they get when he's got mischief brewing. Merry looked at him with that Brandybuck scowl. If I were Pip, it would've had me turning over to go back to sleep right quick. But Pippin, he likes riling Merry up. "I'd find out, then I'd tell Sam and Frodo and I wouldn't tell you." Oh, he was having a fine time now. "And would you tell me, Master Took?" The three of us jumped, and Pip let go a squeak. We all shot looks at Strider. His back was still to us and he laid there wrapped in his cloak, still not turning around even after saying what he just did out of the blue. I was sorry I'd gotten up. "I shall count to three, then turn, and when I look across the fire there had best be three young hobbits quietly curled up in their blankets and ready to go back to sleep. One." Merry and I scrambled. Pip, already laying there safely wrapped up, the scoundrel, flopped back over on his side. "Two." I scooted against Frodo and snuggled my body in, fitting myself to him, then dragged my cloak over us both. "Three." To be continued . . .