promised himself that he'd come back to this. He wasn't sure who was there, but he could use the break. And when he opened the door to find Brendan Farrell on the other side, he was glad he did. Over the last few weeks, ever since the rescue of Natalie and Jason Wellington, Boromir and Brendan met at least once a week. Sometimes they talked … Brendan telling him about what Frodo and Sam encountered once the Fellowship split up … other times, they just sat and watched tv. Or, as Brendan put it, ' just hung out .' Boromir still wasn't sure what ' hanging out ' really entailed, but Gavin told him that it meant just about anything. Sitting around talking, watching movies, even going to the park and feeding the ducks constituted hanging out. "Figured you could use a break from Operation Courting," Brendan said cheerfully, holding up a bag. A whiff told Boromir that it was chicken tenders or chicken nuggets, something he developed a taste for once his system adjusted to the modern era. Even so, he still had a weakness for corndogs and probably always would. Boromir steered the boy to the kitchen table where he and Megan usually ate, then removed plates from the cabinet. Brendan continued as he laid out the napkins, "Things have changed in my house since Dad admitted to remembering the past. We talk about being Frodo and Sam … I have to laugh, because Sam always took care of Frodo in that life. His job hasn't changed at all." Boromir chuckled at that, replying, "If I ever knew Sam, he minds that not at all." Brendan laughed as he divided the tenders between their two plates, and Boromir decided to ask the question that was on his mind since the remainder of his memories returned, "Have you encountered Faramir's reincarnation?" Brendan sighed and shook his head. Boromir fought back the disappointment he felt … after all, he had so much, including a version of his father that didn't carry the same burdens Denethor did in his life time. But … he still missed his little brother. He wondered what Faramir would make of his intended bride and smiled to himself, imagining two heads put together, making common cause against him. "No … but that doesn't mean anything, Boromir. It doesn't mean that he isn't here, in this time, it just means that I haven't met him yet. And remember, I'm still pretty young among humans. That was rather odd, remembering my life as a hobbit. That actually sounds like a book title, doesn't it? My life as a hobbit," Brendan observed with a mischievous smile. His blue eyes twinkled and, Boromir had to laugh at the youngster. Brendan continued thoughtfully, "I've not found Uncle Bilbo, either. They're out there, though, Boromir … they're out there and when it's time, we'll find them, or they'll find us." "You've grown very philosophical," Boromir observed, and Brendan shrugged, popping a piece of chicken into his mouth. Then again, Frodo lived in this boy's memories … he was the very definition of an old soul, as Megan once explained to him. Boromir asked after a moment, "What was the hardest thing for you, when you regained your memories of being Frodo?" Brendan chewed thoughtfully … and when he spoke, the answer was unexpected. "Realizing that I'd already lived through one war, and still had a hard time dealing with death," Brendan answered slowly. Boromir blinked in astonishment, a piece of chicken halfway to his mouth. Brendan went on, "I think you've heard from Megan and Elena about the girl who was killed just before you were found? Bethany? She … she was a friend of mine, and there was no reason for her death. It was totally senseless and … it was hard for me to accept. Even after the senseless death during the War of the Ring, I still …" He broke off, blinking back tears. Boromir set down his piece of chicken and reached over to squeeze the boy's shoulder. Brendan whispered, "She was my friend, Boromir, and that piece of shit murdered her because he could … he tortured her and he murdered her. She died alone and afraid and in pain, and I know I'm supposed to forgive him for that, but I can't. And I hate him for that. I hate him so much, and that scares me." There was naught Boromir could say to that, so he said nothing. Instead, he scooted his chair closer to Brendan's and pulled the boy into his arms. Brendan clung to him, shaking with grief and Boromir whispered, "You were never a soldier, Brendan. You were never meant to be a soldier. I was a soldier my entire life, but I can tell you now that were it my Megan who died in such a way, at the hands of a monster, my rage would know no bounds. You are not weak to feel as you do. Never think that." "I could have loved her, Boromir … the way you love Megan, and now we'll never get that chance, and I hate him for that as much as anything," Brendan choked out, his voice muffled by Boromir's shirt. With those words, things clicked into place for the time-relocated Gondorian captain-general. Ever since Boromir reconnected with the other members of the Fellowship, Brendan took an active interest in helping Boromir to court Megan. Boromir closed his eyes and held the boy tighter. Nothing would be solved here and now … but it wasn't about solving things. Despite what both Gavin/Aragorn had told him, despite the words of both Farrells, Boromir still hadn't entirely forgiven himself for falling to the Ring's seduction. But maybe, by being the friend Brendan needed him to be right now, he could begin atoning for that. And if, in the process of doing that, the youngster helped him to court Megan, well, so much the better. TBC