a gravelly whisper. Éothain sighed, looking at his young friend. So much loss. Of course he brooded if he did not remember Marshall Éomund the way he was before he became fixated on the Orcs. "Alas, you were such a young bairn when that event occurred. I wish with all my heart, Éomer, that you had been old enough to remember it, to remember your father as more than a single-minded warrior. He was an amazing leader, yes, an excellent warrior, yes, but he was also so much more." Éomer blinked several times and Éothain looked away to give his king time to compose himself. "I don't know how to do this Éothain. From your story, he knew how to do all of it." "We are all fallible men Éomer. We each have strengths, skills to learn, and things we struggle with. Your men are proud to serve you." Éomer looked away, stance tight, his distress and lack of confidence clear. "Your King Théoden chose you, Éomer. Not because you were the last choice. He chose you because you stood for Rohan when even he had been bewitched into all but giving his countrymen to our enemies. You were willing to be banished, your name tarnished, and estrange yourself from your last living family members" he said slowly and firmly, "– to honor your oath and your family's name. To serve Rohan." Éomer relaxed slightly, considering the truth behind his captains' words. "We will serve you because you have shown your worth and honor, time and again. The blood of Eorl shows in your valor and integrity." Éomer knew he needed to hear the words, and was grateful for them. He felt he shouldn't have to hear them if it was all true, though. Why did I feel so inadequate? Why must I face this monumental task alone? "You are not alone Éomer." Éomer looked directly at him then. His eyes hard and wary, searching. "How-" "I have known you since you were a babe Éomer. I have ridden with you for years. I can tell what you are worried about long, I think, before you have puzzled it out." He stepped closer and laid a hand on his friends' shoulder. "and I can see how it would appear to you. As if every person was slipping away." He squeezed Éomer's shoulder. Éomer nodded, barely perceptible in the starlight. "But fear not!" his tone turned lighter, "You will never be rid of me! I am here to annoy you until you pass on to the Halls of your Forefathers!" and with that he put a chunk of apple on Éomer's head, dashing out of the way as Firefoot began straining through Éomer's hair with his lips, grasping at the apple chunk eagerly. Éomer shook himself free of his horse's mouth and ran hands through his hair as he dodged away, trying to get the apple bits and horse slobber out of his hair. Éothain was laughing nearby. Éomer glared at him but couldn't help a small smile tugging at his mouth. "I will see to it that you pay for that Éothain." He grimaced as he found a thick glob of slobber in his locks. "Especially since no small amount of anxiety went into my appearance tonight. Leave it to you to turn a serious moment for your own frivolity." It took a second, but he caught on eventually; Éothain had just demonstrated what his father, Marshall Éomund, had apparently taught him. He had said what Éomer needed to hear, and pulled him back from his harsh, twisted version of reality. "I think now you will be even more attractive to the ladies. Essence of horse on a horse-lord is surely appropriate." Éothain smirked. "I am not sure that I am ready for an onslaught of female attention." Éomer grimaced then sighed. " I don't feel ready for anything but my cot." Éothain sobered somewhat and returned to his King's side. They watched the horses settling in for the night for a while. "We are all experiencing these changes too Éomer. It is a completely new Age of the world it would seem. All beings in Middle-Earth must get used to it together." Éomer straightened a bit, considering that. Elves, Men, Dwarves, Hobbits, Horses, Ents, and Beasts… Only other Rohirrim would understand why he didn't count horses with all other beasts. Suddenly Éomer felt the invisible pressure in his spirit lessen. Everyone is experiencing a new reality we didn't expect, new roles and new responsibilities as we pick ourselves up. I still don't feel good, but damn, É othain helped but some perspective on things. A thought occurred to him. Thank you Uncle, Théodred, Father, Mother, Eorl, or whatever Valar chose to send him out here before I galloped off on my horse. Both Rohírs stood amiably for a few moments more before Éomer clapped his Captain on the back in gratitude. "Éothain, thank you for speaking earnestly with me. You have given me much to consider and eased my mind." "Of course Éomer. I am at your service always," Éothain saluted, "and happy to talk or put apples in your locks anytime." He grinned and began walking back towards the main tent. The feast. The dancing. Éomer had completely forgotten. He balked at the idea of returning when due to how out-of-place he had felt. But instead of quailing, he began steeling himself and recalling how Éothain's companionship had eased his mind. He could do it. This new world had some charm– he thought of Lady Lothíriel's friendliness, candor, and joy, as well as her perfect little toes. "Aragorn will come looking soon if you do not turn up. You know that he can track you anywhere you might try to hide." Éothain called back over his shoulder. That demolished the last feeble thoughts of creeping off to his tent. Glancing at the glittering stars again, Éomer said goodnight to Firefoot and walked resolutely back to the main tent.