Foolish thing! she thought chidingly as she dove between his legs and bore him upward more swiftly than he could move upon his own. The skin of him felt remarkably smooth and thin against her flanks, which made the cloth appear that much more disturbing to her. Once he could easily make the last few feet to breathe once more, she fell away, and with a feeling of mischief she pulled away that last layer of fabric, leaving all of him to rejoice freely at the healing touch of the waters about him. And as she let the fabric go, drifting slowly downward to spite the dark ones who circled below that only so much of their desired prey came to them, she scented about him the musk of his maleness. And, for the first time since she'd repudiated her former mate, she felt a tingle within her, exciting her to the chance to once again know the joining of hröa and fëa that had been the delight of the Children of Ilúvatar since they were granted the ability to dwell within bodies and to populate Arda to fulfill the wishes of the Creator. Then you will consider the commission I would offer you? asked her lord within the depths of her heart. I will consider it, although I would know far more of him ere I would take a form upon myself with which we could communicate. For I discern he cannot take upon himself any other hröa than the one he bears now. That is so, Bryseluthea, her lord assured her. It is no simple thing I ask of you. Again she swam about the two-legs, jostling him with the others as he treaded water and then shifted upon his back to float upon the surface of the waves. She slipped out of the form of a dolphin and returned to the side of Lord Ulmo. He is mortal! He, then, is indeed the one you would have me love? Yes, that he is. She sensed her Lord's infinite patience with her need for assurance. And he will not be able to remain within the Bounds of Arda when his time comes. Nor does he wish to remain here indefinitely, child. But, should I choose to mate with him—it would distress his spirit terribly to know I could not follow him beyond the Circles of this world! That is one of the truths of the existence of mortals I have heard them repeat again and again when they have been saved from death and know they may not return to those they love—that they recognize that although they might not be reunited now, yet they will most likely meet anew once they approach the Presence of Eru. It reassures them, and gives them the estel they need to accept the renewed gift of their lives. Indeed that is so. She could feel the pride he took in her, and realized that to fully mate with this one he hoped she would come to love, she would indeed have to take on herself the fullness of that one's mortal nature. He is all that you have ever wanted to love, Bryseluthea. Yes, you would lose the promise of being tied to the life of Arda you know now; but are you strong enough to accept that perhaps there is an even greater reassurance you could know should you accept mortality? A few of Elvenkind have accepted that Gift and have passed beyond the bounds of Arda, and one more has accepted it and will follow her beloved husband when it is his time to go. Are you able to trust to Eru's mercy that much? She watched as a rope was lowered to the small mortal two-legs and he was drawn at last back onto the ship, back to his own world from hers, and found herself tingling with disappointment that this must be so. Could she love him, take him as a mate, join with him body and soul? But to do so she would have to sacrifice all that she had ever been since she'd awakened as a Child of the Sea. His life was finite—or at least that was so here, within Arda. And as she saw the sea anchor drawn in and the ship once more begin to move with current and wind, again heading for Aman, she knew that although he might sojourn there for a time yet he did not belong there, either, and must in the end leave there, too. It was much to think on. Almost absently she took leave of her Lord, and paid the dark ones below but scant attention as they tore the fabric she'd sent to them to pieces in lieu of the body they'd hoped to rend. At last she decided, she would watch him there, were it so given to her, and make her decision once she saw what kind of life he chose, what kind of home he took for himself. If he were to take a home within the sound of the surf perhaps she could bear it…. And Ulmo smiled with both sadness and hope as he watched her go and noted her decisions. With one concern eased, he turned upon the dark ones, dispersing them so it would take many cycles of the moon for them to find one another once more. He would not harm any of them, but their willingness to listen to the blandishments of the darkest of his brothers distressed him. He feared that even Darkfin must one day face the ire of those of his kind who had chosen the Light instead…. -(I)- Author's notes: "Bryseluthea" is the name originally given Anemone by Armariel, and it means "Perilous Flower". "Falmalótë" means "Flower of the Wave" and is the dear-name given her by Ulmo in my-verse. I hope that Armariel does not take offense! And thanks to Fiondil for the help in choosing a dear-name for her.