she grinned, "it is nice to know, though." They watched as it came down to Legolas, Haldir, and Elladan. As the last target was being set up the guys noticed Khanwen and Elmarta. "Who are they rooting for?" Haldir asked. "Do you have to ask?" Legolas teased. "Go Elladan!" Khanwen and Elmarta yelled. Haldir and Legolas looked grumpy making Elladan laugh. "We could call it a draw," Elladan said. Legolas and Haldir both quickly refused deciding they had to win now. "Be that way, then. Now when you both lose you will both be equally grumpy in front of them," he decided. Khanwen and Elmarta laughed as they went back to their own targets. After two more rounds where each one a ring was added (the last one was the size of a gold ring), it was down to Elmarta, Khanwen, and 2 others. The targets were moved off the field and they moved on to moving targets. Four archers stood across the field and fired off an arrow with a flower tied on. Khanwen, Elmarta, and another Mirkwood elf were able to shoot off the flower without disrupting the arrow's flight path. They saw Haldir and Legolas arrive to watch. "Who won?" Elmarta called out. They could tell by Haldir's pout and Legolas's smirk that it certainly wasn't their March Warden. "Ah, Haldir will beat Legolas in long swords," Khanwen declared. "Then they'll be even and bragging until the next competitions." It came down to Elmarta and Khanwen and they called it a draw. They all found an area for a picnic and were joined by Arwen and Glorfindel. "Did you compete in the competition?" Elmarta asked. "No. It was much more enjoyable watching it come down to these two," he said nodding towards Haldir and Legolas. They talked for an hour while they ate and then everyone went to the long sword competition. As expected, Haldir won that one. "Ah, one for us Galadrim!" Elmarta joked as she kissed Haldir's cheek. They all returned to their rooms to change for the dinner and the ball that was being held that evening. "I told you Legolas would spend the entire day with you," Khanwen said as she sat in Elmarta's room while another elf did Elmarta's hair. "And that silver gown is gorgeous! It is perfect with your golden hair." "Arwen was very specific," Elmarta joked. They heard a knock on the door and another elf maiden opened it to find Rumil and Orophin at the door. "We were hoping to escort you down to dinner," Rumil said. Elmarta nodded and the four of them left. After a feast that would have made any hobbit proud, they filtered into the ballroom where musicians were already playing. Elmarta danced the first dance with Haldir and then with Elladan. After three more dances with two Mirkwood and one Rivendell partner she was happy to see Legolas ask her to dance. "I am happy you came." "I wouldn't miss the hunt for anything," Elmarta said. "And it has been too long since we had it here." "They look happy," Khanwen told Orophin as they danced. "Took him long enough to ask her to dance!" "Speaking of long enough, what about Haldir?" Orophin said. "I haven't seen him with you this evening since dinner." "That makes two of us," Khanwen said sadly. "I wouldn't worry," Orohpin said. "Now that I think about it, I haven't seen him dance at all except with Lady Elmarta." "I am not worried," Khanwen said. "I know your brother. I don't think he is going to marry someone else. I am more afraid he isn't going to marry at all." The song ended and Orophin grinned which made Khanwen frown thinking it was about what she said—which in her opinion, was nothing to be happy over. He twirled Khanwen right into Haldir. "May I have the next dance," Haldir asked with a bow. Khanwen smiled and returned Orophin's wink. "I don't know, milord," Khanwen said. "I seem to have plenty of other elves to share my dances with." "They will just have to wait," Haldir said as he led her back onto the dance floor. Elmarta and Legolas, who were talking on the veranda, watched on. "For someone who knows their mind and goes after what he wants, Haldir certainly takes his time." "I know. Khanwen is the only thing I have ever seen that scares Haldir," Elmarta said shaking her head. They talked through the next few dances. It wasn't until nearly dawn that everyone returned to their rooms to prepare for the hunt. Elmarta had just finished getting changed into her pants and blouse when she heard a knock on the door. She opened it to find Legolas. "I thought I would escort you down," he said. Elmarta nodded. She finished taking her hair down and braided it. They arrived to find that Haldir and Khanwen were already in deep conversation. "Why did Estel not come?" "He is working on something for Mithrandir," Legolas said. They walked to where someone was holding their horses. "Any chance you will go easy on me?" Elmarta laughed. "I am told I take after my mother," she said. Legolas frowned. "We all know she enjoys a good hunt like any other man," he said. Elmarta looked around and knew what he said was true. She, Khanwen, Lady Galadriel, Arwen, and two Mirkwood female elves were the only females on the hunt. "What if I can't keep up with you men?" Elmarta said faking weariness. Legolas gave a smirk. "I am more worried that we will not be able to keep up with your mother on this. We all know the Great Lady out-rides most." "Except my father," Elmarta said fondly. They heard the horn as animals were released. Elmarta took off and quickly caught up with her mother and father who, with Elrond and Thranduil, were leading the chase. A glance over her soldier showed Legolas hot on her heels.