secondly we were laughing because on you zoned out for a couple minutes and thirdly you have your 'Haldir smile' on so we know zoning out was because of him." Rumil stated while the whole time smiling at me. Faramir losted his smile as the latest memory poped back into his head. He dearly missed Haldir and their talan, and at time like this he could really feel the strain of the bond that he shared with Haldir. Smiling lightly, Faramir leaned in a Rumil and Oropher placed him in between them, while giving him a huge hug with one of their arm wrapped around his waist. He was thankful for these and was proud to call them his gwadors, even though they got on his nerves. "Tithen pen, do not be upset... Rumil meant his words as a good thing and he didn't desire to see you become sad." Orophin's voice echoed over Faramir as he hugged Faramir tighter trying to sooth his brothers sadness. "I know that you ment well... I guess that I am just a little more exhausted from the days activities." Taking a deep breath Faramir. "Le hannon, I think that I needed that more than I like to admit that." Faramir smiled tiredly as the days activities catched up to him. "Tithen pen, we love you, for you are our little brother and we know Haldir…" Orophin stated. "Aye and we know that he won't get angry at the wound, but he will be unhappy about something, now enough of this sad mood... You said that you would show us the library and that is what you are going to do..."Faramir stood there dumbfounded at how they made him feel as if they were on page 54 and then they jumped to page 344. All the while questioning where he was when they did the jump as he felt Rumil pushing me and Orophin pulling me by my arm down the hall. "Wha…, Huh…, but wait you all ready know where the library is gwadors why do you need me to show you?" I asked still in shock at the change of the conversation. "We know that Tithen pen but, Elessar does not know that and what Elessar does not know is good for us." Orophin replied and at the same time my mind cached up with me. "Wait, wait, wait… What do you mean he will be unhappy about something else? What is that something else? Tell me what could possibly upset Haldir?" I asked him in a tone of bewilderment. Unfortunately they just laugh at me. "Don't mind that gwador, it is not important…" Stated Rumil as he dragged me around the corner. Unfortunately, for gwadors-nin and Faramir they did not see the person hiding or did they see the person step out of the shadows staring after them with a look of shock. Just who was Faramir and how did he get the Galadhrim brothers to adopt him. Author Notes: I would like to say that this revision is my best revision, but then again I have improved in my writing. I would also like to say to the haters that you do not have the right to judge as this was one of my first time trying to write slash. I was new at it and your words were horrible and unkind in someways. To those who gave me constructive critizim thankyou I did look it over and it took me a while to feel ready to rewrite the story to the point that I like how it turned out and where Eowyn and Arwen did not sound like giggling teenage girls. I have looked over the story and even I admit it sounded bad at times. For those who review: Please I do not mind the Critizim, but no flames... I will not tolerate them. I do not mind that you do not like Slash that is your own opinion and I will respect that, but I would also like you to respect me and just give critizim that I can use. IF IT IS ABOUT MY GRAMMAR... SAVE YOUR BREATH... I HAVE TRIED TO FIX THE GRAMMAR MISTAKES BUT I USUALLY DO NOT CATCH THEM. SO JUST SAVE YOURSELF THE TROUBLE I ALREADY KNOW ABOUT THE GRAMMAR ISSUES. Rangers of Ithilien: Gondor's secret soldiers east of Anduin - A force of the soldiers of Gondor, selected from the descendants of the people who had dwelt in Ithilien before it fell from Gondor's control. Dressed in camouflaging green and brown, they crossed the Anduin in secret to harass the forces of the Enemy in Gondor's old domain. Galadhrim : The 'Tree-people'; the Silvan Elves of the land of Lórien, ruled in the later Third Age by Galadriel and Celeborn. Silvan Elves of Lothlórien had adapted their culture to living in a deeply forested land. From early times, they built structures among the trees known as telain (or flets ). At first these were used as guard posts or refuges, but eventually many of the Elves began to live permanently on these wooden platforms (following the example, it is said, of either Amroth or Nimrodel). From their tree-top dwellings, the Elves of Lórien became known as Galadhrim , an Elvish name translated as 'Tree-people'. 2. A marchwarden of the Galadhrim of Lórien, who guarded its northern borders with his brothers Rúmil and Orophin. When the Fellowship arrived there after fleeing Moria, he became their guide and led them to Caras Galadhon. TRANSLATIONS 1. Herven: husband , Herven-nin: My husband 2. Ion nin- My son / ion- son 3. Ada: Dad/Daddy 4. Tithen gwador: Little brother 5. gwador- brother 6. Mae Govannen- Well met 7. Melamin - my love express possession 8. Manen nalyë? - How are you? 9. Quel undome- Good evening (Greeting) 10. Aníral maded? -- Do you want to eat? 11. Sut an?- How Long? 12. Mela en' coiamin -Love of my life 13. Le hannon- thank you