was unaware of the liquid that was evaporating into the mist surrounding the feet of the nazgul. The nazgul hovered over to him and came close enough for Legolas to reach out and touch its billowing robes in the non-existent wind… ~~~ooooOOOoooo~~~ The first thing he felt was a dull throbbing in his head, as his senses slowly became aware of his surroundings. "Legolas," he heard a voice call. He forced his way through the nothingness in his mind as he tried to fight off unconsciousness that threatened to engulf him. He turned his head away for a moment, and felt the fabric of his pillows against his head beneath his golden hair. "Ada," he mumbled. "Legolas… wake up, ion-nin," the voice called softly. The young elf frowned in recognition and slowly forced his eyes open. He could not see clearly at first, only block colours before him. The person issuing the voice sat beside him, his pale face surrounded by a halo of golden hair. Legolas blinked as the elf before him became clearer. "Ada?" Legolas asked as he tried to sit up. He regretted his actions almost immediately as the throbbing in his head intensified. "Easy, Legolas. You hit your head," Thranduil said softly, as he held a hand on Legolas' shoulder to prevent him from moving. "How are you feeling?" Legolas closed his eyes briefly and opened them again. "Sluggish," came the best, and most truthful, answer he could think off. He frowned and cocked his head slightly to the side, regretting the movement soon after. "I hit my head? I thought it was only poison?" His eyes widened as he suddenly remembered his dream. The liquid thickening up must have been the poison leaving his body… Thranduil gave a disbelieving laugh. "Only poison? Ion-nin, only you could make the issue of being poisoned seem irrelevant." He smiled and shook his head, but then paused at the distant pained look on his son's face. "Legolas?" Legolas snapped out of his thoughts and waved a hand as though to brush the comment aside. "It is nothing, ada. Just a…" He frowned in thought. "Strange dream." Thranduil nodded his head slowly. If Legolas wished not to speak of it, then he would not force him until he was ready. "When did I get back into bed?" the young archer asked suddenly, doing what only elves seemed able to do – change conversation topic like that. As he looked up at Thranduil, his eyes reflected confusion. "Think back to when you last woke up." Legolas' eyebrows burrowed at his father's cryptic words, and thought back to past events. He had been leading a patrol, ambushing spiders, and had been bitten, resulting in him being poisoned. But three days later he thought he had been fine… Thranduil smiled at his son as Legolas thought back to how he had ended up residing back in his bed. " Ada, I am honestly fine." " Legolas, it has been but three days," Thranduil countered. "Just one more days rest is all I and the healers ask." The king gave a sigh as the young elf swung pulled off his covers and swung his legs over his bed, planting them firmly on the ground before rising. Legolas reached over for his undershirt, and pulled it over his head, trying to hide his wince as he pulled it over the clean bandage around his left shoulder. " See?" Legolas asked, showing his palms in a see-what-I-mean gesture. Thranduil shook his head knowing full well how stubborn his son could be when it came to injuries. I pity the healers, he thought. Legolas smiled and began to walk over to the table to pour himself a glass of water. No sooner had he stepped one step, however, the room began to tilt. Ignoring this and trying to walk through it, Legolas made to progress towards the table that was but two steps away… Before he finished his second step, the table began hurtling towards him at a fast speed… " Legolas!" Legolas' eyes widened in embarrassment as a feint blush crept up his cheeks. Thranduil laughed openly. "Remember now?" he asked, now smiling. When Legolas did not answer because he was mentally scolding himself from the damage to his pride, Thranduil put a hand to his son's shoulder, away from the bite wound. "Perhaps next time you will heed my advice, tithen pen? I may be no healer, but trust me; I know how long some things take to heal. Which is why," he said, surveying his son with his blue eyes. "You are remaining in bed for another two days." Legolas opened his mouth to argue back at this most unfair sentence, but Thranduil raised his eyebrows in an expression not to dissimilar from one that his son had learnt. "The twins and Estel are arriving next week," he said, trying a new tactic. "And I am sure you do not wish to remain bed-ridden during their stay." Legolas ceased his frowning and closed his mouth. Smiling an understanding smile, Thranduil squeezed his son's shoulder and rose from his seat. "I will go and get you some food and some herbal tea for your head." Legolas smiled, but decided against the idea of nodding. As Thranduil reached out to open his bed chamber door, Legolas suddenly thought of something. "Ada, you won't tell the twins and Estel what happened will you? With the whole, hitting head on table thing? Please?" Thranduil smiled at the look of his son's apprehension as he placed his hand on the side of the door. "Of course not, ion-nin. Consider the banging of your head a…" He paused to think of a suitable word. "A punishment for the crime of you not heeding advice." With that, Thranduil left the room, leaving Legolas lying in bed propped up against pillows, a bandage around the front of his head. TRANSLATIONS. Ada – father Ion-nin – my son Tithen pen – little one