while increasing her movements. "Harder and faster, Celeborn!" She cried as he tightly grabbed her hips and began moving her back and forth rapidly on him. The bathroom was beginning to smell like sex instead of perfume bath oils, but neither was giving a damn right in that moment. Galadriel hand to hold onto edges of the stool with both of her hands as he thrusted rapidly while she screamed his name when her body began to tremble. "Valar, I'm so close!" She cried while reaching between her legs to rub her sensitive spot. Celeborn grunted something unintelligible behind her. Galadriel cried out his name as he slowed down slightly before she felt his manhood swell within her body. "Yes! that's it. I want your seed flowing into me. Pour it and make me yours. I want all of it in my womb." "You are one hell of a naught elleth, my love." Celeborn chuckled in her ear, his breath tickling the tips until she was a moaning mess under him. "But as you wish, I'll do whatever you want from me." He said between his panting as he turned them both around, him sitting upon the stool with her sitting his lap, still attached as one. "Finish us both off." He ordered harshly. Galadriel groaned. Moving up and down fast and hard until their joined body's sound of skin slapping on each other echoed within the bathing walls, her body arched backwards as her pending orgasm reached its peak and rocketed throughout her body like a arrow sudden released from a taunt bow string. Celeborn's gut tighten as he felt his own ripped through his body, his seed spilling into her as his manhood swelled until she couldn't move anymore. He grabbed her hips, one arm wrapped tightly around her waist as he leaned his forehead against her sweaty back. Galadriel's whole body was shaking violently while she accepted his seed deep within her womb before she collapsed within his arms with a long, satisfied sigh that was quickly echoed by him. Niether wanted to move from where they were, their bodies utterly spent from the heated lovemaking. Galadriel was the first to move. She slowly moved off his flaccid manhood, his seed dripping from her womanhood with her combined cream, and climbed into the bathtub once more. "I can't believe the floor is wet again." She said out loud with a laugh while she watched him reach for the towels to clean up the mess. "Don't worry about it, I can get it come morning." "I don't want to hear your handmaiden slipping on the floor again." He reminded her while pushing the wet towels to one side before joining her. "I'm surprised the water it still hot." He waved his hands before his damp face. "I had something to do with it." Galadriel smiled widely. She held up the hand that had her ring resting upon it with the bathing sponge on hand. "Go figure." He mimicked Acadia's favorite word to use whenever she was annoyed or needed something to say to a serious or offhand situation. "I'm not surprised." He held both hands in the air in mock surrender. "All yours." Laughing together at his joke, they quickly washed off and did each other's hair before rinsing off with warm water and draining the bathtub. Galadriel wrapped a towel around her middle while her husband went off to get her a silk nightgown and him a pair of trousers to wear to bed. Her gaze fell upon the scroll still resting upon the shelf. Despite the wonderful time, her mind was still worried about their Mirkwood kin but she knew that she wouldn't be able to do much about Dol Guldor for the time being since her army wasn't that big to spare more then what her husband was willing to send to king Thranduil's aide. "Galadriel, bedtime." She heard her husband call from the bedroom. "Your nightgown is on top of the blankets." Pushing aside her inner thoughts and worries, the elleth hurried with drying herself off. "I'm coming." She said before stepping back into the bedroom. Celeborn was already dressed in his bottom and sitting up in bed with a smile. "What's so funny?" She asked while slipping into gown after putting the scroll away in a small chest below her nightstand. "I just love how you look after a nice long bath." His grin grew wider when he was fixed with a hard stare from her. "And lovemaking too." He added before letting out a yawn. "Goodness, I'm so satisfied, I could fall asleep within a heartbeat of a big battle and I'd bet you I'd proably woudlnt' wake up." "Let's pray that never happens." Galadriel replied drly as she got into bed after blowing out the candle. Laying back, she rested her head upon his chest while listening to his steady heartbeat. "I love you beyond everything this world and Valinior has to offer to me, Celeborn." She told him while closing her eyes. Celeborn murmured something that she couldn't' quite catch but guess rightly based on how he was lovingly caressing her cheeks with his hand while he moved his body forwards to lay down as well. Words weren't' really needed between them since their eternal bonds as husband and wife could pass beyond time itself, even if the world was to grow dark an fall away in utter darkness. Her light would always be his to shine forever as long as they had each other within their timeless love. Nothing could separate them, not even if her ring was meant that she alone, was to carry its power upon her shoulders until her own task was complete. As long as Celeborn remained beside her, she had absolutely nothing to fear from any creature, evil or good, mortal or immortal. Her heart was always going to chose Celeborn above all choices that was going to be offered by them. THE END