forgive me for exercising my nature." Elrond Peredhil gave a brief nod. "I was wondering, Lord Elrond, more about the Elvish languages. I've read words in the books you shared with my grandfather that I feel I can begin to understand, but wanted to learn more." "Sindarin or Quenya?" "I'd rather thought both, if that is acceptable for one not of your race." The Elf laughed. "And why would it not be acceptable for one not of my race?" "Well, I've learned the Dwarves don't readily teach others their native tongue." "That is mostly because even among Dwarves it is rarely known, save for place names. There are a few who know it, but they are mostly the direct descendants of Durin himself." "And I suppose that Thorin is unlikely to teach me more, then." "I fear you have the right of it, Master Baggins. We, however, have no such restrictions on our languages, save among ourselves; and then it is most likely due to smoldering resentments ages old. But such are not permitted here within the vale of Imladris. Now, if you truly wish to learn Sindarin..." A number of tomes were brought out, and Bilbo looked at them with surprise, awe, and pleasure. "I can't take these with me." "No, small Master. But we will keep them in the room given to your use for when you return." "I hope that will happen," the Hobbit said with some concern. "I do not believe you have much to worry about on that account," the Elf said, smiling. "You appear to be intended for some other fate than being lost down Smaug's gullet." "That is reassuring, I must say," Bilbo said. "Although I wonder, now that the Took in me has been so awakened, if I will ever be content to remain sedately at home in Bag End from now on." "Would that be a bad thing?" "For a Hobbit, it is social disaster, my Lord. However, I find myself wondering why I ever cared." Elven Lord and family head for the Bagginses of the Shire looked to one another, smiling into one another's eyes. (I) (I) (I) Bilbo spent one more morning on his balcony watching young Estel at play in the gardens, seeing him and his imaginary brothers facing down Smaug the Dragon. It was himself that was hurt this time, burnt by the Dragon's fire; and bravely he accepted the ministrations of Gil-galadrion and Anorahil as they bathed the grievous wound and rubbed ointment onto it and bandaged it loosely. He had no care for the Dragon's hoard of treasure; only, apparently, the desire to see the end of its evil and to bask in the company of his brothers. It was as the imaginary brothers went off to see to the safety of the nearby folk of Laketown that one of his Elven brothers came searching for him. "And what mighty adventure have you had this morning, Estel?" "I was imagining how it would be to fight the Dragon of the Lonely Mountain. I can't see how Master Bilbo Baggins is to manage it, for he has no skill at weapons. He carries the short sword he found, but Glorfindel says he has not learned to use it well." "He was not chosen by the Dwarves to accompany them for his prowess with weapons, but for his skills as a burglar, to be inconspicuous and quiet and clever--that and to be the one to change the number of the party from thirteen to fourteen. He will most likely not fight the Dragon, but instead will seek to confuse and confound it." "When do you ride out against the orcs again?" "After the Dwarves have left, although few will openly brave the passes in the weather coming." "I wish I could go with you." "When you can best our brother sparring with swords we will take you, but not until then." The boy gave a great sigh, and said, "So be it, then. I must work hard at it." The tall Elf caressed the side of the boy's face. "You have ever worked at it, tithen nin , and already are becoming very good for a youth. Now, come. It is time for you to study with Lord Erestor on languages now." Obediently Estel followed the Elf back toward a distant section of the place where apparently he was to meet with Lord Erestor. (I) (I) (I) The next morning after meeting with the Dwarves, Bilbo set off for the kitchens to see if he could wangle a decent second breakfast. They would be setting off for the passes on the morrow, and he found himself both dreading and delighting in the prospect. How on earth was he going to deal with dragons? He was a Hobbit, not a great, Elven-trained warrior. Well , he thought, best to deal with but one step at a time . Surviving the passes, he realized after hearing the tale Lord Elrond's son Elrohir had told the previous night of their last sweep of the pass beyond Rivendell, would be a feat in its own right. He shuddered at the thought of perhaps meeting goblins there, for they sounded fearsome in the extreme, and probably far worse than what had been described in the books he'd loved. As he waited for the Elven maiden serving in the kitchens that day to prepare a plate for him, he glanced out the window and saw young Estel kneeling with two others in the kitchen garden, weeding the lines of vegetables and herbs. It was nice to see that the child was given similar chores to those which a Hobbit lad might be expected to perform. The boy's grey eyes were intent on the rich soil, and his hand worked deftly with the weeding tool. It was the last time Bilbo was to see the boy for some time, and the last he even thought of him until his return to Rivendell months later.