love it. Whatever it is, it feels awfully grand." I couldn't have said it better myself. XXXXXXXXXX Pippin had lost himself in his story again. He does that a lot. I watched him, feeling as captivated as Legolas and Faramir clearly were, even though I'd lived the tale with Pip. Of course, to my great relief, he had left out much, especially the more intimate parts. I was squirming with embarrassment enough, thank you. But it doesn't matter that Pip leaves some things out, for he's a master storyteller. His musical Great Smials brogue and his murmuring voice weave an absolute spell around the listener. I'd seen him charm a much larger crowd than just a man and an elf. But it spoke to my Pippin's skill that he had managed to dazzle these two, talented wordsmiths themselves. I smiled at Pip and he flashed me a clever grin and a wink that said, 'See? Did it again!' Cocky little Took. Legolas recovered first, shaking off his glazed expression and jarring Faramir back to reality as well. Legolas had heard Pip tell a story before, so he knew he'd once again been mesmerized and that we were grinning to see it, so he graced Pip and I with a fond frown. Faramir, however, seemed delighted. He sat right up on his sore backside and broke into a grin and cried out, "That was splendid! Another!" We laughed, and from the doorway behind us there came the sound of more deep chuckling. We turned quickly. Aragorn and Boromir strolled into the room, apparently having been just outside for a few minutes. "Captured another follower of your tales, have you Master Took?" Aragorn said. Pippin grinned and said with blatant cheekiness, "I but told a simple tale to becalm the remainder of Faramir's healing, sir." "Our newest Guardian of The Citadel tells a fine tale, my brother!" Faramir said to Boromir. "Aye, he does indeed." Looking mighty cheeky himself, Boromir crossed his arms over his chest and asked, "But have you more healing left to do, little brother? Perhaps some new healing?" Faramir went bright pink, but his enthusiasm didn't wane. He glanced between his brother and Aragorn and shyly grinned and murmured, "I fear I could use more healing, yes. So a bit more becalming would be welcome." Everyone glanced at each other, sharing Faramir's grin, Boromir's being the widest and the proudest. Legolas said, "I believe the Steward of Minas Tirith would be willing to request such a service of his newest Guardian of The Citadel." "Indeed." Boromir turned to his brother. "I understand why you would ask for another tale. Pippin kept us entertained around many a campfire when we were on the Quest." "You haven't heard the story he told today, though," I told Boromir. "It's about the first time Merry . . . ." Pippin swallowed and went as pink as Faramir. "Well, the first time he . . . uhh --" Aragorn said, "You just told the tale, sir. Why so shy to even mention it's content now?" "They made me tell it!" Pippin winced, grinning slightly. Legolas said, "I but asked for a story about a naughty hobbit who needed to stay abed and heal, but would not do so. It seemed appropriate to the day." Faramir blushed yet again, carefully avoiding his older brother's eye. I said, "It just so happened that it was also a story about the first time I spanked Pippin." Pippin looked like he wanted to crawl under the bed. He was too funny and too adorable and he knew it. "I want to hear that story, too!" Boromir exclaimed. Pippin groaned good-naturedly while the rest of us chuckled yet again, and within a few moments all was decided. Boromir would lunch here with us and Pip would tell his story again. "We have all afternoon," Boromir said, smiling at his brother. "You can stay?" Faramir's eyes lit up, his grin growing wider at his brother's nod. "Halbarad requested a meeting with me," Aragorn said. Glancing at Legolas, he said, "I believe he is hoping you will keep Gwin company while we meet alone, mellon nin ." Legolas said, "I shall bring him here for Pippin's tale. Gwin loves a story well told." "NO!" Pippin, Aragorn, Boromir, Faramir, and I all yelled. We shared our biggest laugh yet, then Legolas admitted that he hadn't really meant it. "I fear that if Gwin and Pippin had to spend an afternoon in each other's company 'twould go badly for one, and likely both of them," he said. Turning to Aragorn, he asked, "What was it you used to say when we were on the March and running out of salve?" Aragorn shared his grin. "' There are entirely too many spankings going on around here?' " "Aye, that is it," Legolas said. "Well," Pippin exclaimed with a huff, "I don't intend to be the one who tempts fate by spending much time around that elf. I'm not the one who causes trouble between us, you understand, but that Gwin does tend to go out of his way to provoke me." Pip's statement was, of course, utter malarkey. Having been around Gwin and Pippin enough to know that they shared an equal burden of blame when sparks flew between them, we all gazed at Pippin with astonished stares. He glanced from face to face, then cleared his throat and said, "By the way, I agree with Aragorn." "Hmm," Legolas said, clearly amused by my cousin. "I shall say this of Gwin – he does what he must in order to get where he wants to be, or to gain the attention he needs, as do many. He makes a simple request." He glanced down at a freshly blushing Faramir, then he flashed a warm smile full of cleverness at Pippin, saying, "Perhaps you know something of that yourself, little one." Pippin turned to me with his irresistible grin. "Aye. Perhaps I do." End