West has already accepted--that without the actions and choices of Frodo Baggins there would be no Shire for us to dwell in! " "But he didn't want to be Mayor in his own right----" began the family head to the Gravellies. Frodo Gamgee-Gardener stood up then beside his dad. "It wasn't he didn't want to be Mayor--it's that he couldn't do it any more. It almost killed him, taking the Ring to Mordor, all the way to the Mountain itself! Don't you realize what the Thain is saying? It scoured him out--right to the bottom of his heart! He almost lost himself, and was losing more every day. He was living with nightmares the likes of which the rest of us will never know! His shoulder ached almost constantly at times, and he knew terrible headaches. It was hard to eat, and harder to find rest. He had to go, or he'd have just crept into the furthest, darkest storeroom in Bag End and have died. "Don't you understand? He didn't leave the Shire for himself--he left it for you --for all of us! And when the Shire treated him like he'd done nothing at all and as if he were an embarrassing freak of nature, he finally left Middle Earth for good--and I say it was the right thing to do!" The rest of the family heads and their heirs and aides looked at one another as the young Hobbit sat down audibly on his chair, still glaring across the room at the Gravelly. "You're mighty young to be talking so to your elders and betters," commented the Smallburrow family head. Will Whitfoot, somewhat frail but still hale enough, rose stiffly from where he sat, and leaned heavily on his stick. "It's only the truth, though. You just don't realize what Frodo managed to do as deputy Mayor. You still think about the only thing as the Mayor does is to officiate at banquets and weddings. But Lotho and Sharkey and their Big Men--they'd left the entire Shire in an awful way. If we hadn't had Frodo there to take over and set everything in order so as we could figure out how it had been done and all, we'd still be fighting to get things put right! All four of the Travelers helped us put the Shire back together--Captains Merry and Pippin cleaned out the ruffians, Sam Gamgee saw the Shire made green again and our homes rebuilt, and Frodo Baggins saw the secrets brought out and the real villains exposed, and our laws and possessions restored to those they belonged to. "And you didn't see Frodo working when he really ought to have been in a dark room with a cloth soaked in cold lavender water across his eyes. You didn't see the pain he'd hide when his shoulder was aching where he'd been wounded. You didn't see the scars he hid...." He shook his head, and let himself drop back into his seat. Benlo Bracegirdle now stood up. "I say that if the King wants us here in the Shire to agree with the rest of the folk about that Frodo Baggins is indeed a Lord of all the Free Peoples, then let's do it." One of the Broadbelts commented, "It's not as if it really means anything, after all. And if the King's for it, and the Master and the Mayor and the Thain...." ******* As they walked back to Bag End together, each tucked securely under his umbrella, Peregrin Took handed Samwise Gamgee the pages on which the Mayor had written the song. "There, Sam. And I'm not the least ashamed of having taken it, you know." Frodo-lad shook his head. "But even though most of them will vote for it and even convince their families to vote for it, still most of them think Uncle Frodo only went out of the Shire for a lark. They don't really believe." Sam looked down on his son with a wry smile. "No, them don't, and that's a fact. But a few does--and that few is what's important. Now--what, do you suppose, as your mother's fixed for luncheon? I think as I could eat an entire oliphaunt on my own, and that's sayin' a lot!" Yes, that was saying a great deal indeed! --~o0o~-- And now, particularly for Dreamflower, the following: Beer Batter Pancakes Ingredients · 1/2-1 Cup Beer (Lager, Pilsner) or use stout for darker appearing, denser pancakes and of course a richer flavour · 1/2-1 Cup Milk (Soy is nice too) · 1-2 Egg slightly beaten · 1-2 Cup Flour (White, Whole Wheat or mixture-depending upon consistency) · 1 tsp Baking Powder (or Soda) · 2 tbsp Oil · Pre Heated Frying Pan (350-400 degrees)-drops of water bounce or sizzle-cast iron is traditional-electric griddle is very nice Directions Beat egg(s) slightly in large bowl (eggs make the batter denser) use whites only for ultra light mixture Add 1/2-1 Cup Beer (depending upon thickness you desire) Add 1/2-1 Cup Milk (again, consistency and thickness) Separately sift flour and Baking Powder Slowly add flour mixture to liquid until slightly runny-don't over-mix-leave lumpy Wipe hot frying pan with oil after each batch (use a lint free cloth that is wet with oil)-if brown 'skin' of pancake remains, scrape it off Spoon or Pour Mixture into pan. Ideally, with enough space around each pancake to allow for expansion and flipping-use a measuring cup if you are adamant about symmetry Fry pancakes until mixture bubbles in centre and is slightly brown on edge--try not to overcook as this is the chance to keep the pancake light and fluffy Stack them up, put a pat of butter on top and drizzle maple syrup or home made topping of diced pear or apple with skin on browned in butter and brown sugar with water to make a syrup (adults use pear or apple vodka to enhance the fruit)-go crazy with a little whipped cream for the kids-everyone will love these! From