instead of constantly going there, the attack might not have happened," snapped Elrond. "You blame me for the attack?" she asked in shock. "Yes I do," he answered unable to stop himself. "You made a vow to never leave my side; an oath sworn to the Valar with Ilúvator as witness. You broke that vow after a mere decade. I do hold you responsible for the attack and deaths of my men. If you had stayed here as you promised it would not have happened." "You bastard," she said in anger. "I leave for the Havens within the week. I suggest you have a suitable escort arranged." Then she retreated to her parent's rooms for comfort as she could not believe the way her husband was acting. "Why the tears my child?" Galadriel asked as she calmed Celebrían. "Sit and tell me." "Elrond," she began. "I no longer know him. He is being cruel. He blames me for the deaths of the elves in the pass. He is accusing me of leaving him." "You told him you wish to sail then," her mother said as she looked over her daughter's shoulder at her husband. Celeborn and she had discussed this plan of their daughter's and had not been in agreement. Now she understood as she saw the pain and guilt flair in his eyes. Galadriel thought carefully before speaking next. "His view is understandable from a certain point my daughter," she began. "He had no right to be cruel, but you must realize that this is hard on him also. You have just told him that like all the rest of his family, you are leaving him. He fears that all will leave him including your children." "I am not leaving him," protested Celebrían. "I am only sailing to find healing." "Celebrían," Galadriel interrupted before she could go any further. "Physically you are healed. You could possibly find joy again here if you gave yourself enough time, and actively tried, but you refuse to leave your rooms. And, you are leaving him. The bond between you will be severed when you pass the walls of night. He will be alone again. Your marriage was supposed to prevent that but it did not happen that way. Did you know that he offered to take the blame and back out of your marriage because he did not think you were strong enough to keep your oath? We talked him out of breaking the promise because we saw that you truly loved each other. Perhaps we made a mistake in that after all." "I never left him," protested Celebrían. "Yes you did," cut in her father. "Every time you traveled to Lothlorien you left him alone. Before you were attacked, you were spending more time there than in Imladris." "If you were unhappy with the marriage, you should have told us," her mother said. "We would not have held you to it." "But I was never unhappy in my marriage until now," Celebrían said in protest. "And now it is only because I am trapped here." "You have never accepted Imladris as your home," Galadriel said. "Did you ever really give it a chance? Or did you just always see Lothlorien as your home?" "I guess I never really gave the valley a chance," Celebrían finally answered after some time. "And now, I can't stay." "You can, but you choose not too," Celeborn inserted. "I find no joy here anymore," his daughter responded. "I am afraid outside of my rooms. I cannot and will not live this way." "And what did you tell Elrond?" he asked. "I told him I could not stay," she answered. "After he became cruel, I told him I was leaving for the Havens in a week." "You are decided then?" he asked to make sure. "Yes I am," she answered as she stood her ground. No one was going to make her stay here she thought as she watched her father leave the room. Galadriel hung her head in sorrow. Her daughter had obviously inherited her own sense of pride. She had already paid a heavy price but Galadriel wondered if there would be more of a price to pay. Once she reached the undying lands she would have to stand in judgment. "Come then," she told Celebrían. "You must pack. Elrond will arrange everything but it is your responsibility to tell your children." They had already said their goodbyes and were now waiting on the dock with their grandchildren. Elrond had gone aboard to ensure that everything was as Celebrían had wanted and to say his goodbye privately. She and Celeborn had done the best they could to ensure Celebrían and Elrond had talked everything out between them on the trip here but Celebrían would not make the effort. Celebrían's fear during the trip to the Havens actually did much to temper Elrond's mood and help him find acceptance but everyone could see that it was not enough. Elrond had finally lapsed into a moody silence to keep the peace. The children were remaining in Middle-earth with him at least, although if she were truthful with herself she knew that they would be little comfort for their father. Unfortunately, they had picked up on their mother's attitude towards their father and believed that much of the situation was his fault. Galadriel felt a responsibility now for Celebrían's attitude as she watched a defeated Elrond leave the ship and cross to Glorfindel's side. She felt she had not done enough to prepare her daughter for her change of home. She also felt neglectful in that she had not taught her daughter enough about the sanctity of oaths. The Valar had been merciful in sending Glorfindel to be Elrond's protector and friend. Celebrían had broken her vow to stay by her husband's side; she prayed that Glorfindel would not break his. While holding up well right now, she was not sure her son-in-law would survive if left alone again.