and Legolas were undressing to bath. Only one large washtub had been prepare however and Aragorn was about to let Legolas go first when the elf took his hand and pulled him to the tub. Stepping in he pulled on Aragorn's hand until he to stepped in. They sat, Legolas sitting on Aragorn's lap. Aragorn grabbed a washcloth and soap. Getting the cloth wet and soapy he began to wash the elf's smooth back. Legolas closed his eyes enjoying the sensation, a bit to much as he realized from his growing arousal. He felt something pressing against his back and realized that Aragorn was also aroused. The cloth ran over his back and then around his waist to wash his chest. Aragorn ran the cloth over Legolas's neck and he leaned back into Aragorn's hard chest while Aragorn continued to wash his front traveling ever lower. Legolas gasped when Aragorn finally reached his sensitive area. Aragorn's hand encircled him and the cloth passed up and down for a moment before Aragorn moved on. Legolas made a sound of disappointment in his throat. When Legolas's torso was washed he took the cloth from Aragorn and changed their positions so that Aragorn sat on his lap. He began to wash Aragorn's back and when he was done he pulled Aragorn back so that he leaned into him. Washing his neck first Legolas moved the cloth over the sparse haired chest letting a finger slide over his nipples before following the dark trail of hair to what lie just beneath the surface. Legolas paid a bit more attention to the hardness in his hand running the cloth over and around making Aragorn moan. Then he was through and both stood to wash their legs. When their bodies were clean Legolas sat Aragorn down into the water and kneeled behind him. He used a cup to soak Aragorn's hair before he began to lather the dark, sleek, hair. Aragorn loved the feel of the prince's nimble fingers massaging his scalp and his thoughts traveled to what else he could do with them. Aragorn washed Legolas's hair next making sure the long, silvery locks were shining by the time he was done. When they were both washed Legolas decided to prolong their stay in the washroom and sat Aragorn, still naked, onto a stool and grabbed a bottle of oil. Staring with his neck and back Legolas rubbed the sweet scented oil onto every bit of Aragorn's skin and when he was through Aragorn returned the favor. Both decided then that it was time to dress, the wedding would be in an hour and they still had to dress. They went to separate rooms to get dressed. Two female elves helped Legolas into the traditional elven wedding cloths and then wove some of his hair into intricate braids and let the rest flow free. Two elves were also helping Aragorn, but into mans traditional wedding clothing. He thought about the fact that he was finally going to be wed as one of the elves placed his crown onto his hair. He stood and looked into the mirror, it was strange to see himself wearing such pristine white clothes. When he deemed himself ready he thanked the elves for their help and left. He would be the one waiting for Legolas as Legolas traveled down the aisle. They had both decided people would find it awkward if their king were to walk down the aisle. Legolas peeked around the corner waiting for his cue to begin walking down the aisle. The music started, people stood, and he began the journey down the center aisle toward Aragorn who stood tall and proud as he waited for Legolas. He was there in no time and the music stopped. The two lovers faced each other and the priest began to talk. He spoke first in elvish and then in common-talk. Legolas didn't pay much attention to what was said until the priest held a pair of shears between them and he was spoken to directly. "Legolas of the Woodland Realm, do you accept King Aragorn of Gondor as your one and only love?" "I do," he said smiling. The priest took a lock of Legolas's hair and cut about two inches off. "And do you King Aragorn of Gondor accept Legolas of the Woodland Realm as your one and only love?" "I do," Aragorn said with authority and conviction. The priest took some of his hair. He handed the hair to Legolas who, with Aragorn helping, braided it together as they chanted a binding spell in an old elvish language. The loose translation being, Twist and twine your hair with mine, your love with mine,. Twist and twine together we bind our lives in one. When that was complete two silver ring bands and two silver lockets were presented. Each put a ring on the others finger then the priest cut the twist of hair in half and they each put their halves into the lockets. Once the hair was in the locket and the locket closed it would never open again. "I know pronounce you Man and Elf, let all know of this glorious day," the priest said and Legolas and Aragorn kissed. People cheered and hand in hand the lovers faced the crowd and raised their clasped hands. The crowd cheered even louder. Afterward everyone celebrated and music was played. The food and drink were plenty and soon everyone was merry. In one corner Merry and Pippin were singing a silly song about fire and something else, Sam and his wife were dancing. People were talking and laughing and Legolas pulled Aragorn down to their room. "What is it?" Aragorn asked when they were alone. "So many people, there was no where to be alone," Legolas said with a sly smile. He pushed Aragorn to the bed and when Aragorn was on his back Legolas began to make his dream from their first night together a reality.