the consistency of squirrel droppings." Gimli grunted. " Aragorn, nad no ennas ," (something is out there) Legolas said. " Man cenich? " (What do you see) Aragorn responded. "The White Wizard approaches." Legolas stiffened and pulled an arrow. I pulled an arrow from his quiver and readied myself. "Do not let him speak. He will put a spell on us," Aragorn whispered urgently. "We must be quick." Twigs snapped behind us as the wizard came closer. We spun around suddenly. Gimli threw his axe towards a bright white light. It fell to the ground. Legolas and I fired our arrows, which were deflected. Aragorn dropped his sword suddenly and stared down at his burned hands. "You are tracking the footsteps of two young Hobbits," the figure spoke. I was alarmed by his voice. I expected to be allured to the dark wizard's words, but I felt instantly repelled. "Where are they?" Aragorn yelled. "They passed this way the day before yesterday. They met someone they did not expect. Does that comfort you?" "Who are you? Show yourself!" The wizard stepped from the bright light. In place of Saruman, Gandalf stood. Breath was sucked from my lungs. "It cannot be." Aragorn whispered. "Forgive me," Legolas kneeled down, "I mistook you for Saruman." I joined him, using his shoulder for support, but it was more of a collapse than a kneel. My body was completely exhausted again. He wrapped an arm around my waist and helped me down to my knees. "I am Saruman. Or rather, Saruman as he should have been." Gandalf smiled. "You fell," Aragorn stepped towards him. "Through fire, and water. From the lowest dungeon to the highest peak, I fought with the Balrog of Morgoth. Until at last I threw down my enemy, and smote his ruin upon the mountainside. Darkness took me, and I strayed out of thought and time. Stars wheeled overhead, and every day was as long as a life age of the Earth. But it was not the end. I felt life in me again. I've been sent back until my task is done." "Gandalf," Aragorn whispered in disbelief. "Gandalf? Yes. That was what they used to call me. Gandalf the Grey. That was my name." "Gandalf," Aragorn whispered again. "I am Gandalf the White. And I come back to you now, at the turn of the tide." He smiled. He began walking, expecting us to follow. Legolas helped me to my feet and slung one of my arms over his shoulders. He supported most of my weight as we followed Gandalf. "One stage of your journey is over. Another begins. We must travel to Edoras with all speed." "Edoras? That is no short distance!" Gimli exclaimed. "We hear of trouble in Rohan. It goes ill with the king." Aragorn explained. "Yes, and it will not be easily cured." "Then we have run all this way for nothing? Are we to leave those poor Hobbits here in this horrid, dark, dank tree-infested-?" The trees began groaning, "I mean, charming, quite charming forest." Gimli said nervously. "It was more than mere chance that brought Merry and Pippin to Fangorn. A great power has been sleeping here for many long years. The coming of Merry and Pippin will be like the falling of small stones that starts an avalanche in the mountains." "In one thing you have not changed, dear friend," Aragorn laughed, "You still speak in riddles." "A thing is about to happen that has not happened since the Elder Days. The Ents are going to wake up and find that they are strong." "Strong?!" Gimli glanced around nervously and the trees groaned again. "Oh, that's good." "So stop your fretting, Master Dwarf. Merry and Pippin are quite safe. In fact, they are far safer than you are about to be." We exited the forest. Two horses were waiting on us. "We met the Rohirrim," Legolas explained. "This far from Edoras?" "Éomer, the king's nephew, has been banished." "The king truly has lost his mind, then," I whispered. Gandalf whistled loudly. A white horse appeared on the horizon, running in the direction of his call. "That is one of the Mearas, unless my eyes are cheated by some spell," Legolas said. Gandalf greeted the horse, "Shadowfax. He is the lord of all horses, and has been my friend through many dangers." "Where's Boromir?" I asked, looking for the familiar, friendly face. Legolas's face fell. "I'm sorry, Rhava." I knew – in my gut. I had only seen one arrow strike him, yet I had a feeling he would not survive the quest. "Frodo? Sam?" "They departed for Mordor on their own – after Boromir fell for the ring," Legolas explained. Good. I was next. Yet, if they do not make it, I am still doomed. The Men could fight, but Sauron will take his control of me. He will corrupt my heart and force Her to take over my body. He will use me to slaughter my own people. Legolas sensed my thoughts, and did not explain further. "Gimli, Rhava will have to ride with me." Legolas looked at the Dwarf who nodded in response; he looked suspiciously between Legolas and me. Legolas grabbed my arm and pulled me towards a white horse. "This is Arod." He smiled. He could not have had the horse longer than a day, yet he seemed very fond of it already. Animal did not like me – ever since the Last Alliance. Throughout our journey to Edoras, I fell asleep against Legolas – nearly gaining all of my strength back. mental and physical. I must learn to resist the temptation , I thought, even as I leaned against his back. Temptation is what brought Thranduil and I to our fates. I was doomed to darkness, and his wife had fallen to save the son that will most likely die in battle against the Enemy. I cannot doom Legolas to my fate. Yet, I could not seem to stop.