be much help even if I knew where they were. They're all far too puny to reach to window and help me free you." The ranger paused for dramatic effect. "And you know Gandalf, he's still cross his party was crashed by hundreds of Lego's fan girls." "But why can you get me out by yourself?" yelled Gimli in despair. "You're a good strong lad." Aragorn shook his head. "It has nothing to do with that." He said. "I need someone to help me take the window frame apart. It's quite heavy and I can't pull you and hold the window frame at the same time. Legolas was the only one here big enough and sane enough to help." Gimli groaned. Aragorn continued. "And it seems to me, that you're officially buggered. If I were you, I'd try calling Legolas back nicely and telling him his hair suits his eyes or skin tone or something. Just don't mention his socks, he might hit you for that." "Thanks for the advice," Gimli replied sarcastically. "Anything else that might convince that damn elf to get me out of the window?" Aragorn put a finger to his lips. "Hmm, I'm not sure. By the way, how did you manage to get stuck in the window anyway?" Gimli sighed. "The front door was locked and I left my key here. I couldn't get in." "Why didn't you ring the doorbell? One of us MAY have come to the door to let you in.," replied the ranger "I did," said Gimli. "Rang the bloody doorbell about sixty times but nothing happened." There was a cruel laugh from the doorway. Legolas had returned and was leaning against the doorframe casually with his arms folded. "I disconnected the doorbell thing last night, after the party." "Why?" asked Aragorn and Gimli in unison "Because," began Legolas. "I for one don't like Haldir ringing the doorbell at three in the morning. He can ring all he likes, but if we can't hear it, then he's just wasting his time and we can get on with our lives." "Hmm, clever reasoning." Muttered Aragorn. "But now that you're here, you can help me get Gimli out of the window. Any minute now the neighbours are going to be coming over to complain about the view of a dwarf's backside they see from their windows." Legolas shook his head. "I am not getting him out of the window." Legolas said blankly. "Its his fault he's stuck in there anyway." The elf made his way over to the kettle beside the sink and began to make a cup of tea. "But," he said, striding to the fridge to get the milk. "I might try to get you out. If there's something in it for me." "What do you want? I'll do anything." Replied Gimli desperately. Legolas grinned evilly and stirred his tea. "Well," he began. "You could pay for me to get my hair redone this afternoon, and you could be my slave for a month, and you could keep Lamoo at bay for me." "Anything else?" the dwarf asked cynically. Legolas smiled. "Of course." He began. "You can take me shopping and give me a massage and clean the pool and while you're there, hit those two pesky pirates for me." The elf smiled thoughtfully. "And one more thing." An evil glint lit up in the eyes of the prince of Mirkwood. "You have to give me your Spongebob Squarepants plush toy." "NOT SPONGEBOB!" wailed Gimli. "Spongy would be too sad. Isn't there anything else?" Legolas smirked and shook his head. "Nope. I want Spongebob. If you wont let me have him then I'll have to leave you in the window all day." Gimli sobbed. "Ok, ok. I'll give you spongy, only if you get me out of here and be nice to my little yellow friend." Legolas grinned and nodded. "Ok, I'll help Aragorn get you out." The dwarf sighed with relief. Aragorn approached the offending window beside the elf and Legolas held open the window as far as possible while Aragorn pulled. Gimli was still stick so Legolas grabbed a spatula from one of the drawers and began to wedge Gimli out of the window, still holding the frame while Aragorn tugged at the dwarf to free him. After much pulling, yelling, swearing and spatulaizing, Gimli finally budged free with one mighty pull from the elf and ranger and the three of them went crashing to the other side of the kitchen. Gimli lay on the ground panting and suddenly Gandalf waltzed in. "I'm ready for breakfast." He announced. Aragorn glanced up at the clock on the microwave. It was now eight thirty. Neither elf, dwarf nor ranger could quite work out how two whole hours had passed. "Well?" said Gandalf putting his hands on his hips. Legolas only realised then what the wizard was wearing. The elf chocked back a laugh as he saw Gandalf standing there in his strappy red cocktail dress with matching high heels. The wizard's hair and beard was dyes platinum blonde and he was not pleased when an elf, a dwarf and a ranger were sitting on the kitchen floor laughing at him. "You're not wearing that are you?" asked Gimli. ~*~*~*~*~**~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~**~*~* TBC AN/ well, I hope you all enjoyed that chappie. I felt it was rather better than some of the latest things ive written (which have been fabulously bad), but only your reviews will tell me if I was right or not. The aim for this fic, apart from being enjoyable to write and read, is to reach the 400 review mark. The 1st TF&TEND received 303 reviews and I really hope this fic can do better. So, until next chapter. Uuma quena en'mani lle ume ri'mani lle umaya. Uma ta ar'lava ta quena ten'irste' (Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do. Do it and let it speak for itself.) Love Lamoo. Please R&R .