inviting another surge of tears. "But you wish that he had," he added. I squeezed my sore eyes shut, but my tears still trickled free. Unable to respond, I buried my face into his shoulder and barely nodded. Aragorn sighed deeply, his arms holding me tighter as though to shelter me from the memories. We lay this way for a while, Aragorn slowly petting his fingers through my hair or kissing my head. I relished his closeness and his scent and his touch, feeling safe, and finally I murmured, "Denethor didn't have to do that, spank me like that, because . . . because he . . . ." I forced myself to stop and think and to find what I was struggling to say. "He would . . . all my father had to do was look at me a certain way, and . . . ." "Ah," he said, his voice flat. "Is that all?" "Aye. And seeing that look . . . a pain would strike at my heart, and I would learn." I felt him tense. "Aye," he said in a low, grating tone. "You learned. Indeed. You learned." And I suddenly saw that look, Denethor's angry look, and a shudder ripped through me. I pressed closer to him and winced my eyes shut again, not wanting Denethor there with us. But Aragorn was there, my Thorongil had me, and he immediately began to rub my back, drawing me closer . . . cuddling me . . . ahhhhhh. "Shhh," he said. "He is not here, sweetling." "How did you know I was think --" "You tensed, my fledgling. And your breathing became rougher. It was not hard to determine why. You were thinking too much, thinking of your father, I vow." I nodded. "Stop it, little one." I pressed my face against him even more. "Shhh. That's right. Hold on t me. 'Tis just the two of us here, no other. I will allow no other," he went on, his voice deep and strong. "I shall have my fledgling all to myself." I felt a sudden calm, and I had indeed stopped thinking of Denethor. In an instant I had stopped. I raised my eyes to Aragorn, needing to see him. He was already looking down at me, watching me with a strange mixture of sadness and compassion. "Aragorn, please, I-I cannot seem to think well just now . . . but what is this I . . . why do I feel . . . ?" He tucked my head back down to his shoulder and kissed my hair and said, "Shhhh, there is no great mystery to be found here, but you have been given more than you can fathom at present. Things will make sense soon, when you are less weary and overcome. We have much time to sort things out now. Still, I shall help you if I can at the moment. What do you wish to know?" "Just now, you said that I learned . . . ?" Aragorn paused, drew a deep breath, then released it on a long sigh. "You learned that your waywardness did not bring you the attention you longed for, even in the form of discipline," he said, in a bitter, sad tone. "It brought shame and humiliation. It left you with unbearable guilt and no way to relieve that guilt. No forgiveness. No . . . no peace. Just endless regret. You learned that affection came at a price and you had best meet that price. You learned the wrong lessons, my poor fledgling . . . hurtful lessons. But no more. No more." Aragorn's voice had grown more dark and hollow as he spoke and I realized that it was because of me. His anguish was for me! All he'd done was for me. Not to punish or subjugate or shame. But because he cared about me . . . loved me. He had said so: 'I love you now as I always have.' Was such a wondrous truth possible? He was here, holding me, and I felt so safe . . . so entirely his. And suddenly it didn't matter that I couldn't fathom it all right now. All that mattered was that love, and the soaring feeling that I'd found something I'd lost long ago and desperately missed all my life. A treasure had been returned to me. My next words left my lips before I even heard them in my mind. "I love you, Thorongil." "I love you, too, little fledgling." I feared my chest would burst for swelling! His reply was so instant, so heartfelt, awarded with a gentle hug and a small kiss to my brow. A tiny sob of joy burst from me ere I could think and, embarrassed, I pressed my face against his shoulder again, wrapping my arms around him more tightly. After a moment he said in a tight voice, "Boromir. Your embrace is wondrous, but I cannot breathe." I gasped, and laughed and quickly loosened my hold, too quickly in fact, and I accidentally rolled back some onto my scorched bottom. "AHH!" I cried and fell against him again. Aragorn was now laughing as well. "I think you shall be happy to leave your mount behind in Rivendell." I drew back, trying to keep my weight on my hip. "I do not find that humorous," I said, though it was clear that I did. He gave me a soft triumphant smile. "Aye, you do, little one." A sudden shaft of sunlight burst through the trees, shining down into our glade and spilling around Aragorn, illuminating him in a shimmering white glow. For a moment I could do nothing but stare, too overcome by his splendor to speak. "Come," he said. He opened his arms, flashing me his quiet, handsome grin. "Come my fledgling. This is where you belong now." "Aye, my lord." And I gratefully sank into the embrace of my king. End