Gandalf murmured as he blessed the old Hobbit, kissed his hair, and drew a blanket over him as he drowsed. (I) (I) (I) He awoke with his plan in hand. The only way that they had come upon in Frodo's youth that had managed to allow him to express his discomforts - his angers, his frustrations, his confusions - had been to coax him to write it out. Master Tumnus, lessons master at Brandy Hall when Frodo was a youngster, had been the first to realize this. He had presented Frodo with a journal one day about a year after his parents had died, and had told him that a part of his educational requirements from that day forward was that he was to write in his journal for at least fifteen minutes a day. The first entries had made Tumnus share them, laughing, with Bilbo at his next visit. Master Tumnus says I must write in this for fifteen minutes. How boring. I am writing in this journal. I am writing in this journal. I am writing in this journal. I am writing in this... And the sentence had been copied repeatedly seventy-six times, although after the fiftieth repetition apparently Frodo had become bored, and had begun experimenting with how he presented the letters; embellishing some with serifs and flourishes, others with capitals and lower case letters reversed, several of them written right to left instead of left to right, some in increasingly smaller lettering, and the last two with letters so large that it took an entire page per sentence. The second entry had included the words to three very crude drinking songs he'd learned from Merimas Brandybuck. The third started with a description of Master Tumnus from the mole on his cheek which sported two long hairs to the fact his foot tapped incessantly when he was reading, as if he were tapping out the rhythm of the words had they been spoken. This led into a discussion of how unfair he was to bore his students with meaningless drivel such as this. The fourth was an imagined dialogue between Master Tumnus and his wife about whether or not they would prepare a flaming pudding for the Yule feast, a dialogue which had been quite witty. It was in the eighth entry that Frodo began to write out his anger at an older lad who'd called him an orphan in such a tone of voice that it was plainly meant as an insult and accusation of sorts, and after that his entries became more expressions of how he was feeling on any particular day. He had also written some character sketches of particular individuals within the Hall, several of them distinctly unflattering, others quite sensitive and thoughtful. Tumnus Brandybuck had managed to find where the lad hid this journal and read it from time to time, stopping only when Bilbo threatened to take the matter up with Master Rorimac. But he insisted that Frodo was less troubled when he wrote in the journals, as they gave him an outlet for his feelings, and he kept up his insistence the lad continue to do his writings as long as Tumnus remained lessons master. Frodo had been presented a new journal about once every eight months or so during Tumnus's tenure; after that Frodo had begun buying replacements at the Bridge Market when they were needed. But when he left the Hall he'd been found by his cousin Saradoc Brandybuck burning his last journal, declaring he never wished to cause ill feelings through what he wrote; and he'd brought none away with him to Hobbiton and Bag End. Bilbo had realized this might be a useful ploy to use on Frodo again, and so about a year after Frodo came to live in Bag End he'd purchased the stationery box and its attendant pieces that had sat on a desk in Frodo's room, and had insisted he use them, allowing him a means to ensure privacy. It had proven difficult on more than one occasion to resist the temptation to tamper with the relatively simple lock, but Bilbo had managed to school himself, realizing that if he was to trust his ward, Frodo would need to first accept he could trust his guardian. It had paid off handsomely, giving Frodo a needed outlet for his feelings in keeping with his nature, and the tween had managed to get through the rest of his transition to mature Hobbit with a measure of grace which had delighted his nominal uncle. Would a similar ploy work now? Bilbo found himself wondering. He rather thought it might, and certainly the reasons for presenting the idea to Frodo were more than sufficiently valid, not to mention obvious. He'd hoped to be able to write down the story of his younger cousin's adventures himself, not fully admitting to himself till he saw Frodo again that so much of it had been sheer torture. If he could convince Frodo to write it out himself - might that not assist Frodo to get it out of his system somewhat? It had helped him in dealing with Lobelia and her gossip mongering and lies well enough - not that her nastiness was more than the palest of shadows of what Frodo had just survived. He'd snapped back to wakefulness to hear Sam commenting that it looked as if Bilbo was unlikely to finish writing the story of their experiences, had at first felt insulted, then upset to realize this was true, but finally realized this was the perfect moment to suggest Frodo do it instead. He realized he was laying in on a bit thick, playing on the drops into sleep to make it look as if his wits were also somewhat affected as well, but it had worked. Now, if only the dear lad would actually follow through and write it out... He found himself praying to the Valar they would find ways to bring this about.