into those clothes again, rather than dirty or stain the extra shirt or pants in my pack. Éowyn never moved or woke as I quietly changed and again donned my weapons and cloak. Even as I carefully closed her bedroom door, she never twitched. As I rounded the corner into the Great Hall, I marveled at how much the bath and a bit of sleep in a bed had helped my aching body, and lost in my thoughts, I nearly ran into Gandalf's imposing white robed form. "You are awake, that is well. We should be off. We have yet much ground to cover," Gandalf whispered, his voice low in consideration of those still sleeping in the Great Hall. I shrugged. "Sure. I'm ready to be off." Gandalf turned and I glimpsed Pippin's trudging form following behind him. Tousling his hair, I pulled him close as he rubbed his eyes and whispered to him, "Still tired, huh? Well, it's gonna be a long ride yet. Best get what sleep you can while we ride." "Don't understand why we have to go so early," Pippin grumbled. I laughed softly. "It's the best time to leave for a trip, Pip. Before everyone's awake to slow you down by trying to talk to you and get in your way." Pippin continued grumbling as we made our way back out to the stables. "Stop your bellyaching young Peregrin Took. It was your own actions that brought you here," Gandalf admonished gruffly as we entered the stables, causing the boys there to spring up at our unexpected entrance. "Jesh, Gandalf, lighten up. Pip's just tired and not used to this kind of hard traveling. If he wants to grumble a little, let him." The wizard turned and rounded on me. "It is by your own actions that you are here as well. You should not be here any more than the young hobbit. Do not speak out of turn." Gandalf bypassed the young boy trying to hustle into Shadowfax's stall, and I did likewise, stepping into Lightfoot's stall to ready him myself rather than leaving him to one of the boys to saddle. "I'm getting sick and tired of the high and mighty of Middle-earth constantly running around telling me what I should and shouldn't do and where I should and shouldn't be. Think because they're a wizard or some high and mighty Vala they automatically know everything," I grumbled as I finished pulling my cinch tight. "Vala?" Gandalf repeated behind me. "What is this talk of the Valar?" I twirled to face him. "Damn wizards," I gasped. "Have to put a bell on you if you're gonna keep sneaking around like that." One white brow arched. "The Valar?" he prompted. I turned back to my horse again and fastened my pack across the front swells of the war saddle on Lightfoot's back and slipping his bridle on. The seat of the saddle was over-large, made for a Rohirrim man in armor, so more than large enough to accommodate my pack and myself. "Yeah, damn Valar keep butting into my mind when I'm sleeping or knocked out and telling me what I can and can't do. And what's with them waiting until I'm asleep or knocked out to waltz around in my mind?" I questioned, turning to face the wizard again, leading Lightfoot forward with rein in hand. Gandalf looked surprised at my question. "The Valar oft choose to appear to a mortal in their dreams as it is easier on their fragile minds," he replied offhandedly, not moving as I walked up to him, where he blocked my path. "How often have the Valar appeared to you?" I shrugged. "Twice, I guess." "And what pray tell, did they speak of with you?" he pressed. "None of your business. They were just trying to tell me how I shouldn't change fate and such." He looked away for a moment and then nodded and moved out of the doorway to the stall. The young Rohirric boys stood around nearly wringing their hands, obviously upset that we hadn't allowed them to perform their duties. "Keep your shirts on. I'm sure you'll have plenty of other work to do," I told them as I walked out into the cool air. Gandalf rode up beside me, Pippin already dozing upon Shadowfax in front of the wizard. I swung into my own saddle, loath to allow anyone such height advantage over me. "Well, let's get on to Gondor," I told the wizard. "Neither of us is getting any younger." But Gandalf didn't move and instead seemed to be sizing me up. "Your manner is nearly as gruff as when you first came into this world." I bristled. "So? I've always been a woman in a man's world. Being soft doesn't get you anywhere." The wizard shook his head. "Nay, you had softened much in the time since my fall, and much you had gained. You need not return to your gruff ways to cover the hurt in your heart." I looked away to the southwest and what our path to Minas Tirith would be. "Other women may think bellyaching about their hurts and upsets will make it better, but I know it doesn't do a damn thing. The hurt will still be there. Best to bury it in work." I turned back towards the wizard. "We've got a lot of ground to cover to get to our destination. We'd best get moving." And thankfully, the wizard pressed no more. And on we silently rode. A/N: Well, here's the first chapter of the last book. It wasn't as long as I'd intended, but it seemed like a natural place to stop before getting into the chapter with their entrance into Gondor and the White City. Thanks again to everyone for adding these stories to their favorites and alerts, and thanks a bunch more to everyone for taking a moment to leave a review. Keep letting me know what you guys think!