tone of genuine fondness in his voice. "I look forward to the day when I may call you 'daughter,' and I hope we can be as family even before that day." "I would be honored," Linilya replied, looking up at him with wide eyes and a small smile gracing her expression. She had never heard the King speak to anyone in such a tone, even his own son. She hoped this would not be the only time she would hear it. "And I," he agreed. Thranduil placed a gentle kiss on the crown of her head. "Shall we enter the hall? I do believe you are about to cause our people to talk; perhaps we should give them further reason." "As you wish, adar ," Legolas replied. Both Elves offered Linilya an arm, and together they entered the banquet hall. Silence descended on the room as they paused in the doorway. Linilya was quite conscious of murmurs and whispers as they crossed the room to greet their hostess. Afterwards, Thranduil patted Linilya's hand and gave them both a smile before leaving them together to take his seat at the head table. Legolas and Linilya found their own seats - together, fortunately - with the guest of honor and others of their generation at the next table. "Lady Daelir, congratulations," Linilya greeted her, nodding to the rest of the guests, as they took their seats. A hush fell over the room as the hostess, Lady Aurlith, stood to welcome everyone. Linilya listened for a little while, but as the Lady droned on and on her attention waned. Instead she allowed her gaze to sweep the room, looking for friends to share her news with. She could already see people had noticed their rings, and several of her friends smiled at her as she caught their eyes from elsewhere in the hall. Finally the Lady's speech wound down and the meal proceeded. Linilya lost count of the courses after the fourth or fifth; they were all quite small portions, but she still feared she would be quite done long before the food was. Conversations around the room were lively; she heard both her name and Legolas's around many a table. And theirs was no exception. "You look radiant tonight, Linilya," Daelir said. "One might almost think this were your feast and not mine," she added, laughing softly. Linilya started to apologize, but Daelir waved her silent. "You need not worry, mellon ," she continued. "I am assuredly not offended. I wish you both much joy." " Hannon le ," Linilya replied with a smile. "Come, you must tell us how this came about," spoke up one of the other young ladies - one Linilya did not recognize on sight. "Many of us knew of Linilya's interest some time past," chimed in a third. "But I never heard a word about it being returned!" "There was little to tell until just a few days agone," Legolas answered smoothly. "I had not expected to find love, or to have love find me, at this stage in my life." "It is true that our folk tend to meet their match young, if at all," came a comment from another table. The feast was between courses and some of the guests were beginning to circulate a bit as they waited for the next serving. "Sometimes we must wait to meet the right one," spoke a very familiar voice from just behind Linilya. She turned to look up and smiled at her friend. " Suilad , Sherith," Linilya replied to the Silvan scout. "I had not thought to see you tonight." "I had not originally planned to attend," Sherith replied. "But now I am glad that I did." Sherith reached out and picked up Linilya's hand, the better to look at the ring the young elleth now wore. "It's lovely, Softfoot," she murmured. "I hope you both find nothing but happiness." "Thank you," Legolas replied quietly for both of them. "So, when will your ceremony take place?" came the next question. "In a year, as is traditional," Legolas replied. "In Lórien, I believe," Linilya added. "The planning has fallen to my kin there, though I do believe our King will be involved as well." "But we all have some time to plan the trip," Sherith said with a smile. "It is well, then." Talk of the wedding dominated the conversations for much of the evening, though much of it was pure speculation. Linilya and Legolas had chosen to leave the planning to their families, so they could not tell the others what they wished to know. But they were content, knowing that the details were less important to them than the bonding that would take place. After all, a year was not so long to wait. And then they would have the rest of their long lives together. Elvish translations: 'tithen min' = little one 'meleth-nin' / 'mîl-nin' = my love 'Guren min gaim lín' = My heart is in your hands 'Suilad' = greetings 'ion nin' = my son 'adar' = father 'Meleth thilia min hin lín' = Love sparkles in your eyes 'Glass nín le achened' = It is my joy to see you again 'hannon le' = thank you 'haruni' = grandmother 'Elo!' = an exclamation of wonder, similar to "wow!" but more poetic. Literally, "Stars!" 'siel'* = granddaughter 'Namárië' = farewell/be well. From Quenya, rather than Sindarin. 'Henion' = I understand 'aran nin' = my king 'hiril nín' = my Lady 'mellon' = friend *this word is from a pre-Sindarin dialect and may not be fully accurate. Naming note: "Linilya" is not a name in direct Sindarin, though it shares similarities. The original name would have been something like "Línnael" or possibly "Línnaela" which would translate roughly to "tune." However, being orphaned young and adopted by those unfamiliar with her language, probably someone did the best they could. Sindarin names are common among a great many peoples of Middle Earth, but not all.