water. When it sought to come back a muskrat had taken its place, and defended the body with a good deal of vigor and defiance. Further down the gully a fish ventured up the ditch from the canal, and worked at tasting the body of the first of the two who lay there. The otter reentered the ditch midway between the placement of the single body and the other two. Again it approached the child it had visited before, but again the muskrat chased it away. The otter turned down the ditch and realized that there were more food sources available, and climbed upon the nearer child's back as it had done earlier. It scratched at the child's arm and again sought to gnaw at this abundance of meat. It licked at the caked blood about the head wounds. It chewed on the back of an ear. Again the owl swooped over, clawing at the otter as it was focused on the child's body. The pain of the talons catching at it drew its attention to its danger, and the otter turned and bit at the owl's leg, which had failed to get a good purchase. The bird screeched in its pain, and the otter, the other talon withdrawn, dove beneath the surface and swam for the deeper water of the canal itself, seeking the place nearest its burrow where it typically entered and left the water, looking to lick its wounds in peace. Rats and muskrats came and prodded the bodies; but they were too large and freshly killed to easily prey upon as yet. At one point a wild dog approached, but was chased away by a number of smaller scavengers. No one, however, sought to dissuade the badger when it came. It entered the shallow water near the third child, and worked frantically trying to release the delicate face from the hold the mud held on it. Eyes and cheeks were usually soft, after all. It managed to do a good deal of scratching to one cheek and worried at one of the ears. Several of the rats did their best to bite the bodies here and there, or dug at them with their claws, until a snake came gliding through the ditch and took one of them from in the midst of them all; the rest fled. Then the ditch was quiet as the sky greyed in the east. Night hunters and scavengers were now looking to return to their dens for the day; a different group became active. Father turtle had burrowed into the mud for the night just above the point where the ditch joined the canal, and as Anor shone more fully down on the ditch and the water temperature began to rise he awoke and clawed his way out of the mud. Smelling the scent of carrion within the water he began working his way toward the source of the scent, stopping when vibrations indicated Men were passing through the gully. Once they were gone and all was again still, he continued on his way until he found himself at the nearest body. The hind-parts were presented, considering the manner in which the body had been tied and then pressed, face down, into the mud. There was soft flesh here, and he came closer to examine it, bit here, bit there, then found a goodly body of soft tissue. The body didn't move-it was plainly dead and ready for the eating. Satisfied it could take its time, the great turtle opened its horny beak and bit down, severing the tender sac, pulling soft skin off adjoining members, glad to have this wonderful, filling meal. Having finally secured its prize, the turtle turned toward the canal, swam down into it until it found its favorite sunning spot, there pulling itself out to eat at its leisure. Smaller turtles followed their father, biting and clawing, each leaving its mark. A few weasels examined the bodies as well, digging their claws into the flesh to try to get a better purchase. Meanwhile, down in the mud under the bodies, the mud-dwelling crustaceans began awakening and congregating about the bodies, each leaving its tiny, bloodless wound as it found enough flesh to provide a more than ample meal for such small creatures. Some of the larger such creatures that sifted the mud about the clothing managed to break the suction that had held one shoe down; then a second one. The cured leather of these items was not particularly succulent, so they returned to the bodies. Near noon father turtle returned, crawling up on the back of one of the bodies and, like the otter, trying to get at the face, turned as it was slightly to the side. The marks of its claws were left on the child's shoulder and cheek when more vibrations indicated that Men had returned again to the wooded gully. The turtle slipped rapidly into the water and swam under the surface back into the canal. The crustaceans burrowed back down into the mud. Rats and weasels slipped away and into hiding. Before the scavengers could return again, one of those who'd come into the gully this time had scurried back to the village, summoning village guardsmen. Within an hour the bodies were lifted out of the water and laid on the banks, and one of those who'd found them, looking at the damage done to the genitals of one of the bodies, proclaimed, "Danárion has done this, seeking to offer worship to the Nameless One!" And those who'd come agreed-all knew that Danárion of Destrier had a bad name and had interest in subjects that were best left alone. Father turtle, later in the day, returned to the ditch, but the source of the delectable meat he'd enjoyed was now gone. So it turned back toward the canal, where it soon found an unwary fish. Soon it was back at its sunning spot, completing a second meal for the day.