But he dared not; there were too many people about. It would do her no good at all to be seen with his arms around her, however innocently meant. Instead he asked quietly. "And what about your father, how is he?" She sniffed, tears glistening in her eyes. "He sits and looks at her grave, or just sits and does nothing at all. He is losing his mind. The last time he was totally rational was when the invitation came for the wedding. He told my cousin that he could have it on the condition that he brought me. I did not want to come, but Father insisted. He became quite upset so I gave in. But I am worried about him and wish I were at home." "That is certainly a lesson for me," Amroth said with a smile, hoping to distract her. "I fail to remember a time when I have been in the company of a young lady who wished to be at home with her father." It did provoke a laugh. "I am sure, Amroth, that the experience will do you nothing but good." "Do you know, Devoran, I am absolutely certain that you are right." He stood up and pulled her to her feet. "Come on, I have something I wish to show you." He took her along to the corner of the battlements, where some more steps went up into darkness. They were roped off. Amroth unhooked the rope. "It is the lookout tower and on such a moonlit night there will be a beautiful view." She froze, not moving an inch, her whole body rigid. Amroth pushed down the urge to laugh. "It is a lookout tower," he reassured her, "there is a man on watch. We will not be alone." With only a slight smile of acquiescence she allowed him to help her up the steep steps. The guard came out to check, but moved aside when he recognised his visitor. Once up there her face lit up, and she gasped in wonder as they gazed out. The moon shivered silver on the water and the surf glowed and sparkled. Amroth pointed out the dark shapes of the little islands silhouetted against the starry night sky. "How long are you staying, Devoran?" "Two more days. My cousin has some business in the port." "Good, because I think you need a little bit of fun. It will be a fair day tomorrow. Come out in my boat with me, over to one of the islands." Her mouth opened but he didn't let her get the refusal out. "And before you say no, I was going to ask if you would mind if we took my young nephew, Alphros? He is very naughty, but good fun. He likes it in the boat." The frown of concentration told him that at least she was considering the idea. So he followed up. "It would give his mother a break. There is a new baby brother, which has made him worse. Did you see what he did at the feast?" "I saw the commotion, but could not see what caused it." She burst out laughing when he told her. "I would like to come; I have never been in a boat. But my cousin will probably throw a fit." Amroth shrugged. "Do not tell him then." Devoran threw him a wry look, but he could tell that she was wavering. "Well, he does get up late. I could leave him a note. And his wife has made it plain she doesn't want to be bothered with me. She's too busy hobnobbing with those she thinks will help push her and Alhael up a few notches." "I am sure your brothers mentioned him. Fat cousin Alhael comes to mind." Her nose wrinkled in disgust. "He didn't go to war. I doubt he could have walked the distance." Devoran pushed her chin up determinedly. "I will come, Amroth, and worry about what he says later." "Good, that is settled," Amroth said quickly before she could change her mind. In spite of her sadness she was better company than most of the prissy girls he was encouraged to spend time with. Besides, with her cousins not really looking after her, she would be prey to numerous young men in their cups. She would be better off with him. "And now it is still quite early, so would you like to dance again?" Hopefully no one would take much notice at such a wedding and with such a crush, not like in Merethond where more than a few dances with the same girl would cause talk. It didn't seem to bother her anyway, because she nodded a little wistfully. "Yes, I would, we do not dance at home any more." He helped her down the steps and they headed back towards the hall. "I did not see you last night. Were you here?" "Yes, I was, but I did not go to the Hall. I sat and watched the sea. My mother loved it; she came from the coast and never really liked the mountains." "I must admit I would not like to live anywhere else. How about you, do you love the mountains?" A shadow passed across her face. "I used to." She definitely needed a bit of enjoyment from life. Alphros should help him provide it tomorrow. And anyway, he owed it to her brothers to look after her. --- To be continued. A/N - I have written a short one-shot that gives a bit of background to Duinhir and Devoran. It's called – The Return – some of you might have read it already, but if you are interested it can be located by visiting my profile. Warning – it is a little angsty. LBJ Original Characters in this chapter. Devoran - daughter of Duinhir, Lord of Morthond. Alhael - son of Duinhir's elder sister. Devoran's cousin. Princess Meren - Elphir's wife Oríon - Childhood friend of Amroth's.