shock to say anything but his name. To her immediate right, she saw a beautiful canopy that was set up with plush bedding beneath it. Across the bed were armfuls of jasmine, scattered profusely to share their scent with whoever would lie upon them. As her vision circled toward the left, her breath was taken away by the sight of the serene pool and the beautiful waterfall directly in front of her and Elrond. Finally, she looked to the left and was amazed to see a beautiful table spread with the delicacies of Imladris. She saw cold meats, cheeses, wine, fresh bread, fruits, and pastries laid out in a lavish fashion. Finding her voice, she turned to her husband…. "Elrond, it is magnificent! I love it. I, I love you." Elrond looked down into her eyes and smiled as he took possession of her mouth again. He felt her happiness as he tasted her, and he wanted to have so much more of her, but he didn't want to rush her. Reaching his hands up, he gently cupped her cheeks in his palms and held her face while he kissed her slowly and deeply. Celebrian responded by wrapping her arms about his neck and pulling him deeper to her. When she felt his hands slide down to encircle her back and waist, she moaned and clung to him, enjoying the strength of his arms. Elrond lost all sense of time as he reached down and picked Celebrian up into his arms and carried her to the bedding. Gently, he sat her upon it, and moved behind her to undo the buttons of her dress. At each button, he would nibble on her ear, then work down her spine with his butterfly kisses. She would shiver each time and lean into him, feeling his hair cascade over her shoulder and tickle her. Slowly he worked the neckline of her dress down over her shoulder, and seeing the pale skin, he couldn't help himself. Dipping his head, he began to nuzzle the nape of her neck, then he began to gently suck the tender skin of her inner shoulder. Celebrian cried out as his mouth made contact with her shoulder, it was one of her most sensitive areas. She gasped as waves of pleasure washed over her and gripped his hand with her own. Yielding to her pleasure, she sighed and leaned back into his embrace, feeling his strength and passion unite as he reached forward to cup her breasts in his hand. She turned instinctively to allow him access, and sought his mouth with her own. Elrond felt the power of her kiss as it seared his soul. He was overwhelmed with her passion and felt his own rise to meet it when her hand began to trace downward from his chest into his robes and finally to his member. Her whisper-soft caress caused him to strain forward against the undergarment he wore. Celebrian smiled at him as she continued her advances and began to undo the fasteners that held his robes closed. Divesting him of his outer layers, she concentrated her efforts on removing his undergarments, but he reached up and took her hands with his. "Nay, my lady, I want to undress you first. I want to see your beauty in this vale, and I want to love you," he interrupted, his voice being low and raspy. Celebrian sighed and smiled when she looked at him. His eyes had darkened to a dark gray, almost a black with the intensity of his love. Elrond pulled her to her knees in front of him and slid her dress over her shoulders and arms. When he reached her chemise, he grasped the material and lifted it deftly off of her. She knelt in front of him, with all of her naked beauty shining forth. Quickly he removed his undergarments and guided her to the lie on the pillows. Settling in beside her, he began to kiss her again as his hand began to trace lightly over her hips and up to her breasts. "Elrond," she interrupted gently. "Will you give me a child this day? I have felt your feelings and my own. My husband, I would give you a child if you would beget one with me." Elrond looked at her for a moment before a smile crept over his face. "Ai, Celebrian, I would give you a child. Imladris has grown too quiet with the twins growing up. Where would you like to beget it?" "Right here, Hervenn. I can think of no more beautiful place than in this vale and on this bed. Please Elrond, give me your love, give me our child." Elrond smiled gently at his dear wife. Carefully, he moved between her legs and she opened herself to him as he entered deeply within her. As he pushed forward she raised her hips and met him with the strength of both her body and fea. The two lovers joined their hearts, feär, and hroär in a dance of pure ecstasy and rapture. Their souls intertwined to create a new life between them. When they reached the point of release, they felt the Valar's blessing. Although it would take a few days to know their child, they knew that they had created a soul this day. Both Celebrian and Elrond smiled and reached out to each other in their minds. They celebrated the joy of creation silently, together. Hours later, Elrond led Celebrian into the pool and gently washed her with the jasmine soap that he hid in the basket. She leaned into his embrace and felt his arms wrap about her. The two stood together and listened to the music of the forest, their hearts matching the song in harmony. Afterwards, Elrond and Celebrian ate a feast fit for royalty as they celebrated the begetting of their child. Both shared a vision that this child would change the future of Arda, but neither knew how…