For a moment he wished Círdan were here to explain everything, like he had done when Gil-galad had asked the same question. Elrond was still watching him, and Glorfindel found that he felt uneasy under the scrutiny of those gray eyes. Nevertheless he did not look away, not really seeing the point of doing so. "I am here to help," he eventually said. The gray eyes narrowed at this, and Glorfindel felt himself oddly reminded of Turgon attempting to solve a puzzle. "Who are you?" Glorfindel told him his name. To his credit, Elrond did not appear surprised. He walked over to the window and looked out into the rain, his hands resting on the unfinished windowsill. There was a strange stillness about him, a concentration Glorfindel could not remember having seen before. "I cannot help wondering how desperate the Valar must judge our situation if they feel the need to send one of our most valiant warriors of old back to us." Glorfindel shook his head, even though Elrond still had his back turned to him. "Not valiant," he said calmly, not out of modesty but because he did not feel that the word was fitting. "There is nothing particularly valiant about fighting for survival." Elrond still did not move. "I think there is when the survival you fight for is not your own," he said. There was nothing he could reply to this, so Glorfindel remained silent. Straightening, Elrond pushed himself away from the windowsill and stepped towards the middle of the room again. "I am not certain what to think of this," he mused, making the words sound more like a simple statement than an admission. "You are welcome here, of course, very welcome. And I will be grateful for any help you can lend us. But I must confess that this comes somewhat unexpectedly." "It is not much less surprising to me than to you that I am here," Glorfindel assured him, thinking back to the moment when he had been told to return to Middle-earth. In a way he had known that the request would come, but it had startled him nevertheless because somehow he had not expected it to truly be made. Elrond thought about this for a moment before appearing to reach a conclusion. "Sometimes it is better not to wonder why things happen," he said, raising a hand to brush a loose dark braid back into place. "Will you stay here?" Glorfindel nodded. "Yes, unless you send me away." "I do not think I will do that easily. We need whatever strength we can get against the Dark One." A small smile crossed Elrond′s face, making the seriousness of his expression soften for a moment. "And I admit to being curious." "Gil-galad said as much," Glorfindel replied, returning the smile. "So you have come from Lindon?" The interest in Elrond′s voice had clearly increased further. "Did the High King tell you to come here?" "It has been his idea." An idea that had confused Glorfindel a little at first; he had not expected to be asked to leave Lindon so soon. But Gil-galad had explained that while he was glad about Glorfindel′s presence, he believed that his experience would be more useful in Eriador. So Glorfindel had left. There was nothing particular holding him to Lindon, and the prospect of seeing the grandson of Tuor and Idril was tempting. He had sworn an oath to Turgon once, long years ago, that he would be loyal to him and his house. And since Elrond was the last descendant left who really counted, the decision to come to Imladris had not been a very difficult one in the end. "Did he say anything else?" Elrond wanted to know. "Not much, except for telling me that he is proud of your achievements and that he is certain I can learn from you." This time Elrond truly smiled, the seriousness and the lingering tension on his face disappearing. It was clear that these words had been balm on Elrond′s soul for some reason, and Glorfindel resolved to pay more attention to these things from now on. There had been rumors floating around about Elrond in Lindon, of course, but he had not really listened to them. He would just have to form his own opinion of this. "He is kind," the dark-haired elf said. "But I think he is exaggerating if he thinks that I could teach you something." Glorfindel laughed softly. "I would not be so sure about that. There are a lot of things I do not know. But this isn′t the time... I believe I am keeping you from more important issues." Elrond sighed quietly. "Not more important, but I should take care of this now." He hesitated briefly, then looked at Glorfindel thoughtfully. "Unless you have experience with positioning sentry posts?" "Enough to know how frustrating it is most of the time." "I see," Elrond said, and Glorfindel felt a pang of guilt at the hint of disappointment he heard in the younger elf′s voice. "And I also know that if you do not do this alone, it will be finished sooner and the headache will be milder." He was here to help, after all, and it would be good to start with something small and familiar. "You will have to explain the surroundings to me, though." Elrond shot him a grateful look. "That will not be a problem. You must have seen the most important areas today anyway." "Then I am sure we will be done with this soon." They settled down together to examine the map. Elrond quickly pointed out the various vantage points and the current patrol routes and sentry posts, patiently answering Glorfindel′s questions before they began to try and coordinate the available patrols in a way that ensured the safety of Imladris and its inhabitants. And as he discussed the advantages of one position over the other with Elrond, Glorfindel knew that he had found his place.