named him that. But while he is the hope of his people, he was made king by the efforts of many – Frodo's journey was most crucial to that, and you most crucial to Frodo's success. It is why you four, Sam, bow to no one." The next morning, Sam had arranged a cart and pony for them. Frodo's leg was in the last stages of healing, so as long as they were careful, he could be driven and move around some. They drove around for a number of hours, Frodo carefully pointing out the changes to the Shire, and the plans all of them were making for its improvement. Gandalf was silent for the most part, listening patiently and offering only small comments of appreciation or advice. Several days continued in this vein, interrupted by a visit or two from or to Merry and Pippin, who were equally ecstatic to see the Wizard again. Gandalf enjoyed the visits, breathed in the wholesome scent of the Shire, and waited. He could afford to be patient. Frodo was no fool, he knew. The Hobbit likely had an inkling what caused the King to permit this visit, and the Wizard to actually take the trouble to travel here. He was proven correct when almost a week after his arrival, the day Frodo's leg was declared healed enough to unwrap it from the splint and they had gone to a stream to soak their feet in the water, that Frodo first broached the subject. "How is Bilbo?" he began. "Aging, as you can imagine," Gandalf replied. After a short silence, he turned to look at the Hobbit. "Do you wish you had stayed with him?" Frodo shrugged. "The Shire was my home. Besides – Lord Elrond is planning to sail, isn't he?" "Was your home?" the Wizard questioned, ignoring Lord Elrond's possible nautical expeditions for the moment. His companion looked down. "Frodo?" Gandalf pressed. "Nothing is home anymore," a soft voice finally replied, "what is wrong with me, Gandalf? We did what we set out to do, the Shire is more beautiful than ever, and yet I can't seem to…" He looked up. "Am I ungrateful?" "Ungrateful?" nearly dropping his pipe into the water, the Wizard shook his head, "no, Frodo, there's nothing ungrateful about it." He paused briefly, examining the Hobbit. "You hurt, don't you?" Frodo seemed to deflate entirely. "I don't know what to do," he whispered, "I want to be happy and strong for Sam and Rosie, but I can't seem to do it. I've considered leaving, but where would I go? The Elves are sailing, so that leaves Minas Tirith. I am not a city person, Gandalf, no matter how much I would enjoy Strider's company. If I cannot be happy here, in my own Shire, I don't see how I could be anywhere else in Middle Earth." Gandalf sighed and put a careful arm around the shaking shoulders. "And all the accidents? All the risks you take?" "What does it matter?" Frodo asked brokenly, "Look around. Sam and the others have done wonders with this place, and I can't see it. My eyes tell me it is beautiful, but inside, it's like part of me is still in Mordor…something dark and empty cutting me off from enjoyment. What does it matter if I break a leg or get a few bruises – it doesn't hurt nearly as much as that." He looked up, suspicious. "Sam wrote to you, didn't he?" "He wrote to Aragorn and Elrond," Gandalf conceded, "but only out of concern for you." "I know." Frodo bit his lip. "I'm sorry for causing so much trouble." "Frodo…" the old man sighed, "you are no trouble. I want you to write to me or to the King, when such things trouble you. Our ability to help you is limited, but we will do what we can." He shifted slightly so he could look the Hobbit in the eye. "You have always been strong, Frodo Baggins. Are you strong enough to face one last thing?" Frodo looked up, anxious. "You are right that there is now no place in Middle Earth where such wounds as yours can be healed completely," Gandalf said, "the best chance was always here, in the Shire, your home." He lifted the Hobbit's chin as Frodo once more went to examine the water in despair. "Are you ready yet, to consider accepting Arwen's gift?" Gandalf inquired softly. "…sail…?" Frodo whispered, his voice tight, "leave?" "The healing you cannot find here, may still be found in Valinor, where powers far beyond any of ours, far beyond mine, dwell. The Ringbearers have that right." "But…sail…" Frodo swallowed, "Leave Sam, and Merry and Pippin…the Shire…" Gandalf observed him with pity. "I know. I know, Frodo. Take your time. I am only reminding you that you have the option, and that there is hope, still." Suddenly the Wizard looked positively ancient. "I am sorry, Frodo. I am sorry you are hurting. That is not what I wished for you." Frodo stared across the Shire, his face displaying a myriad of emotions. "No more risktaking," Gandalf shook his shoulder softly, "promise me that. You have already saved the Shire, at great personal cost. You do not need to risk yourself over and over again. That is the poison of Mordor talking. Think. Write to us. Write to Bilbo, who, beyond anyone else, understands." Frodo turned to face him, and Gandalf already saw, deep in those troubled eyes, the eventual outcome of the decision Frodo now had to make. He left for Rivendel three days later, leaving behind a Sam who was relieved Frodo seemed to be willing to take better care of himself and one thoughtful Hobbit who fully turned his attention to finishing his book. When the message came, nearly a year later, that Frodo would join them on their journey across the Sea, of all the things Gandalf felt – the most prominent of them was hope.