he was having a surprising amount of difficulty keeping his voice even. "But we were young then 'Ro, we didn't know what would happen," he whispered. "And I made a vow to watch over her, I promised myself…" "Can't you see though Elladan? Look at this place," Elrohir gestured about the worn out hall which had once held many feasts and dances. "It's dead here. Ada's gone, Nana wants to see us again. Arwen will understand, as will Estel." Elladan was silent again watching Elrohir; he knew that his brother was using his family against him. Using the promises they had made to their mother, but that had been before Estel was even born. There were complications now. Elrohir didn't know it and probably wasn't aware of what he was doing, but his brother was literally being torn in two. Elladan could have laughed at the irony. That no matter how much pain hate and anger could cause in the end it was love that hurt the most. "Would you be alright here? I need to know 'Dan to settle my heart. If you're going to suffer I don't know if I could leave. Would you promise me that you will follow me? Or even that you'll die happy if you stay here?" He looked at his twin's vacant expression. "Promise me Elladan, I have to know." "I… I can't," Elladan whispered. He suddenly wished that he had a chair, he needed to sit down. "We have no place here," Elrohir tried desperately to convince his twin. He moving closer and took hold of Elladan's shoulders both to get his attention and in case he fell over. "It's time for us to go home." "We are home," Elladan said ire creeping into his voice. "You made a promise to Nana," Elrohir tried another tactic, unintentionally tightening his grip on his twin's shoulders at the thought of his mother. "I made a promise to Arwen," Elladan argued. "She has Estel," Elrohir rebutted. "And Nana has father," Elladan snapped pushing his brother away from him making Elrohir let go. "Leave mother out of this Elrohir! Stop trying to use her against me. It is an unfair trick and you know it. Do you have so little respect for her that you would use her as a pawn to manipulate my emotions. Do you love her so little-" There was a resounding crack as Elrohir's palm connected with his brother's cheek. Elladan stared at his brother in stunned, eyes too confused to hold any anger as he raised a hand to his stinging cheek. He couldn't recall the last time Elrohir had ever hit him like that. There had probably been a time when they were younger, but this was different. "Don't you ever dare imply that I don't love her just as much as you," Elrohir raged. "It hurt me just as much as it hurt you to see her leave! I just want-" "What? To get your own way?" Elladan asked more vehemence in his voice than he had meant. Elrohir met his brother's eyes all anger quickly forgotten. "For us to be a family again… I know that can never be now that Arwen has married Estel. In my heart I have this feeling 'Dan that if you don't come with me now then I shall never see you again." Elladan looked down. "I always had the intention of staying," he said slowly. "Even after Arwen was gone, some part of me cannot bear to leave." "Oh Elladan I am sorry," Elrohir sighed. "I have been so selfish. You do not have to come, but nor can I stay." "So you are definitely leaving then?" Elladan asked his throat suddenly closing up and tears coming unbidden to his eyes even so that he had to blink rapidly to clear them. "Yes," Elrohir replied. "I am certain." He turned then walking away, he could not stand to look his brother in the eye any longer. "Are you going to come back to Gondor with me?" Elladan asked as Elrohir reached the door, his hand rested on the handle. "I do not think I can," Elrohir replied softly. "What about Arwen and Estel?" Elladan asked urgently following his twin. "I have not the heart to tell them," Elrohir replied studying the carvings on the door rather than looking at his twin. "I know it is selfish 'Dan, but please tell them for me, I do not think I could bear it." "But… you can't just leave without saying goodbye to them," Elladan spoke earnestly. "You cannot just leave." "I came to say goodbye," Elrohir said with a watery smile, finally meeting his twin's eyes. "I never thought that this would happen 'Dan, but it's alright. Arwen needs you, and I will tell mother and father that you are well. Goodbye muindor." The last words came out as a whisper as he left the room. Elladan did not try to follow his twin as he rode away, instead he sank slowly to the floor sitting there stunned. He wanted to cry, but he couldn't. Nothing had ever hurt as much as the realization that he may never see his twin again. He didn't know what to think, what to do. He couldn't leave Middle Earth, but Elrohir couldn't stay. Finally he managed to speak though it was too late for his brother to hear him. "Goodbye Elrohir." A/N: Now I suppose the question is do I leave it like that or write more? I always intended to write more, but I am having a big debate on how to actually end this and it may take me a while to write anything. This means a lot to me so I went over it a ton to get it right, so if you notice any grammar errors or something like that then please tell me them, exactly where they are and I will be eternally greatful. Reviews will be kept close to the heart.