my cousins. They're the most irresponsible dunderheads at times, but nothing ever really knocks them down. Nothing. They're irrepressible and devoted and loyal, and although they were going to be stuck in the scullery washing up, they were nonetheless accepting of whatever came their way. And I doubted Gandalf would force them to stay there for the rest of the entire party. "AHHHHHHHHHH! G-Gandalf! P-Pleeeeeease! Sorrryyyyyy!" "Hmmph." Pippin was crying quite sincerely now, and Gandalf had released his legs, allowing him to kick if he liked. Ah, more freedom! Always a good sign during a spanking as it's often a signal that the end is in sight. Pippin took full advantage. He kicked his little legs and wiggled and squalled. Gandalf hadn't lectured much during this spanking, but there wasn't much to say really. Merry and Pip knew what they'd done and they knew they deserved all Gandalf chose to give. The matter was plain and straightforward. A few confirmations and apologies, though, such babblings could be expected to go on throughout. "Sor-ry we were naughty, Gand-dalf!" "Yesssss, I know," the wizard purred. "We dinna m-mean it!" "You didn't mean to fire off the rocket?" "Uhh, oh, n-noooo, we-we meant to d-do that. But-" "Stop there, my lad. Did you know you should not have taken the rocket?" "Aye, s-sir!" "Did you take it nonetheless?" "Aye, s-sir!" "Then that is all there is to say." "Aye, but we dinna m-mean it, Gandalf!" "Yesssss, I know," Gandalf repeated, sighing heavily. He glanced over at Merry and me with a look of exasperated affection, that flinty glitter in his eye he seemed to have fashioned for hobbits alone. " Gandalf is simply fond of the Shire, and he enjoys the company of hobbits," Bilbo had once told me when I was very young and puzzling over why so great a being as a wizard would choose to spend time with hobbits. " Ask him yourself if you like. He'll answer you truthfully, lad." And so I did. I asked, " Why do you like coming to spend time with us in the Shire, Gandalf?" "Why not?" he'd replied. " Well, because . . . well, aren't there bigger more important things for a great wizard to do in Middle Earth?" He gave me a quiet smile and said, " Frodo, when you've lived as long as I have you'll come to realize that there's nothing more important than a full pipe and a warm hearth and the company of good friends." Wise wizard. And he was indeed nearing the end of Pippin's spanking. My little cousin looked depleted. He was reduced to only an occasional weak kick and he'd stopped wrenching around all together. Small wonder. His wee bottom was every bit as red as Merry's was. Ow. And now I realized that I was hearing something familiar, something similar to what I'd heard when Merry had been in Pippin's place: "Sorry Gand-dalf! Big-big sorrryyy!" "And why are you big-big sorry, Peregrin Took?" "S-sorry we f-fired off a r-rocket, and sh-shouldn't have touched it and we-we set off th-the dragon!" "Do you realize that you two could have set the party afire, sir?" "Uh-huhhhhhhhhhhhh!" "Do you realize that you two could have set yourselves afire?" "Uh-huhhhhhhhh!" "And you do realize that it is only by the grace of the Valar that you received a mere charring?" "I KNOOWWWWWWWWW!" "Are you bellowing at me, ye' little bratling?" "Nooo, no, soorrry! Not bel-lowing! But I-I-I do know! I dooo! Could've been burned up! B-Burned bad! So, I-I'm so sorrrrry, Gandalf!" "Very well then." A final huge swat that made Pip howl, then: "Come here, little one." And this time I didn't need to envision anything. I watched Gandalf turn Pippin and gather him up and cuddle him close, my cousin near vanishing within the folds of Gandalf's grey robes. Pippin's weeping softened now, muffled within those robes, and he occasionally stammered in a small, sweet voice, "s-sorryyyy," and "d-dinna mean to cause t-trouble," followed by Gandalf's rumbled, "Hush now. Shh. I know. Forget it, little Took. No more fussing. 'Tis over now." I held a melted Merry and we watched Gandalf rock and soothe Pippin until he quieted. And when Pippin was fully calmed, Gandalf sat him up on his lap and reached over to snag Pippin's britches from the floor. Once again Pip had kicked them off. Oh, but he was a pitiable sight, though, his face just as smeared with soot and tears as Merry's was. What a pair! Watching Gandalf thread his britches up his legs, Pip shyly asked, "Gandalf?" "Huumph?" "Do-Do we really have to w-wash dishes?" I finally tracked down Bilbo. He'd just finished telling the nippers another adventure story. "Did you find him?" he asked me. "I'm sorry, lad. I'd forgotten all about sending you off in search of Gandalf. The little ones came and dragged me back to the story circle and, well, what could I do? Were you gone long? Where is that wizard?" I grinned. How like Bilbo to be so caught up in his storytelling that he didn't know how much time had gone by. "I found him," I said. "And I told him how much you liked the dragon. He said he'd join you soon but he had a little firework business to attend to first." "Firework business? There's more? I thought that marvelous dragon was the finale." "He said there was a bit of cleaning up that still needed to be done." "Oh." Bilbo looked off in the direction of the tents. "Oh, but he shouldn't have to tend to such a task alone. I believe I'll go help-" "No, no! He's not alone. Merry and Pippin are there. They volunteered to help him." "Did they?" Bilbo's face brightened. "Did they indeed? Well! Imagine that. Offering to help clean up. Well, well. Good lads! Such good lads! Aren't they good lads, Frodo?" "They really are," I said, chuckling. "The absolute best!" end