second darkness began to dissipate. But the dark flames were still there. Only they were now within Sam's phial as well as in Frodo's. (I) (I) (I) The days had been growing darker in the outer world, and Sauron's power grew greater and greater as his war progressed. The Elves of Rivendell did not quail, however. No, they grew in resolve even as the clouds grew thicker and more oppressive overhead. The songs of the Elves, which long ago Bilbo had considered as bordering upon being silly, were now louder and filled with images of Light ranged against the darkness intent on covering all. And he found himself singing the songs of his own people in his personal defiance of that darkness, and saw Elrond and his closest advisors and the Lady Arwen all smiling on him with approval. Until the moment the darkness flagged, and for a day or two west winds tore away the unnatural clouds that had sought to darken the whole of Middle Earth. (I) (I) (I) Frodo was apparently free of direct danger, and once again his Light and Sam's were in concert. Except—except that now it was more often Sam's Light that directed and augmented Frodo's rather than the other way around as had been true before the advent of that second darkness. Frodo's Light and the dark flames were more equal within Frodo's phial, and the dark flames were growing steadily stronger. But that rod of Frodo's Light that the darkness could not touch might have been growing more slender but also was continuing to grow in intensity, although the level of intensity was not rising as rapidly as had been true before. Outside the House of Elrond the days again grew darker, and the light of torches shone from edges of drawn swords and shining arrow tips. Only Bilbo was within the room when Frodo's phial again flared, and he saw the battle between dark flames and Frodo's Light, and it appeared that this time the dark flames would triumph- But at the last the tinge of greyness returned, and unexpectedly took the dark flames to itself. The greyness thrust itself away from Frodo's Light, and in a confusing morass of dark flames it fell, touched a great red fire, and—and was gone, along with the dark flames, all consumed by the red fire! Arwen entered the room just as the grey tinge reappeared, and swiftly stood behind Bilbo, clutching at his shoulders and supporting him, although her grip of her fingers grew painful as the flask reflecting Aragorn's Light flared in defiance, as did those of all other remaining members of the Fellowship! Frodo's Light and Sam's grew brighter for a time, pulsing more and more together, then slowly but inexorably began to dim. Pippin's Light also began to dwindle. The dark flames were gone, and they knew that Sauron had been defeated, that his Ring was destroyed. But what had been the grey tinge they'd seen, and how had it managed to take away the dark flames? Elrond was kneeling beside Bilbo, whose eyes were dimmed with tears and who felt all through himself a shocking weakness such as he'd not known since he'd been struck senseless during the Battle of Five Armies. "It is done, Bilbo," Elrond was murmuring into the old Hobbit's ear. "It is done! The Ring is destroyed, and the power we have known is now shorn. Frodo has survived, although I cannot tell you how. But he may not choose to remain. Can you deny him his desire to rest, should he choose to leave the Bounds of Arda?" Bilbo could not answer, and at last he turned away from the sight of Frodo's phial, and wept into Elrond's robes, feeling the peredhel's answering tears dampen his scalp. (I) (I) (I) Frodo's Light did not fade away altogether, although the embers at the heart of his phial and that of Sam pulsed and nearly died several times over the first few days. But both responded to the Lights of Gandalf and Aragorn, as did the dimmed Light of Peregrin Took. When he was awake, Bilbo rejoiced to see these three Lights strengthen day by day. But the magic that powered the phials was weakening. He knew that Frodo, Sam, and Pippin yet lived, but as Arwen prepared for the departure of her bridal train it was less and less obvious what might be occurring wherever it was that the Fellowship now gathered. Bilbo found himself constantly drifting off into increasingly frequent dozes. He had to recognize that he'd been much supported to this time by the power of the Ring, no matter that he'd given It over into Frodo's keeping so long before. The great weariness that now took power over him upset him not because he feared it, but because he did not wish to fail Frodo. In the end he chose to remain behind as Arwen and her father set off southward to Gondor. The phials had been removed to Bilbo's bedroom, and on Midsummer Day he saw a clear shining of Light in all the phials, but especially those of Aragorn, Frodo, and Sam as Aragorn and Arwen were married. (I) (I) (I) Several weeks after Elrond, accompanied by Bilbo and the Lady Galadriel, headed westward toward the Grey Havens, at nightfall Lindir came at last into the Hobbit's former rooms to begin seeing them cleared. The nine phials stood on Bilbo's mantel where they'd remained since Arwen left her father's house, and all were now apparently empty of Light. But, as he approached the mantel he saw three of those flasks suddenly shine anew—those associated with Sam Gamgee, Aragorn son of Arathorn, and Frodo Baggins. That last shone with the greatest brightness it had ever displayed, and Lindir realized that the ship that bore his former Lord away from Middle Earth had just found the Straight Path, and that soon Elrond, Galadriel, Bilbo, and Frodo would be in their new Home.