children as great grandparents, after all. I think at times it's there for you, but it's stronger in Pippin than it is in you. But, then, one day he most likely will succeed his father as the Thain." After Merry gave him a brief smile, he continued, "It's rather odd that the Took Sight has been stronger in Bilbo than it ever was in Ferumbras or than it is in Paladin. Gramma Mirabella once told me that when he was a little lad she was certain she'd seen it in Bilbo, but that it didn't seem to be anywhere as strong once he was an adult. I suspect that this was due to the fact that he'd done his best to suppress it as he approached his majority. After all, at the time he was very intent on being a proper Baggins indeed, and ' Knowing Things Ahead of Time can be Disturbing,' as Aunt Dora would put it." There was a scattering of chuckles about the room. Merry gave a wan smile. "Imagine that the strongest case of Took Sight that's been seen since old Gerontius was Thain has been displayed by a Baggins, for there's no question but that Frodo's always had it. But then Frodo has been gifted strongly with so many of the Fallohide traits, after all. While you were gone your mother worried so for you and for Pippin, but she felt that the greatest danger lay ahead for Frodo." Merry murmured, "Yes, that was true. We were all in danger, and we all almost died there at the end of the fighting; but it was worst for Frodo. The Enemy wanted him, and did his best to take him. First there was the Morgul shard, and if we'd not reached Rivendell in time Frodo would have been lost to us—not dead, Dad, but truly lost nonetheless. Then he was poisoned by the spider when they were ready to enter Mordor, and Sam thought he was dead until he overheard some orcs discussing the kinds of poisons the spider used and how Frodo would most likely wake up in a few hours, so Sam set about to rescue him. Then, at the very last the— It —finally took him. If that horrible Gollum hadn't been there it would have been all over, Dad—the Enemy would have taken Frodo and gotten his weapon back, and then the truly Dark Days would have come again the way they did in the Second Age." The Master nodded uncertainly, and cleared his throat. "I see," he responded. He looked off thoughtfully, and finally returned his attention to his son. "When your Mum saw Frodo, she, too, saw that something was taking him. The grey cloak changed to white robes, and there was a crown of mixed darkness and light that was being woven about his brow, same as this fellow said. She told me she knew that if that crown managed to finish forming that Frodo would be lost to us." At Merry's nod, he gave a shuddering sigh. "Only something happened, didn't it?" "I told you—if Gollum hadn't been there, that would have been it. He was trying only to get his treasure back, but in taking it he managed to save Frodo." "Bilbo's Gollum?" "Yes, Bilbo's Gollum. He'd been traveling all through Middle Earth, looking for the Baggins he believed stole his Precious, and he found us when we entered Moria and followed after us—after Frodo." "Where is he now?" "Dead, bless him." "How?" "He died after he attacked Frodo. It was what saved Frodo, him being attacked by Gollum." The Master squeezed his eyes shut. "The stars bless him!" "Which, Frodo or Gollum?" "Both?" They searched one another's faces, father and son, and gave matching twisted smiles. The tall Man cleared his throat. "So, somehow, while they carried the Enemy's weapon, they appear to have become aware of the danger threatening here in the Shire and managed to—interfere?" Merry rose to his feet, turning toward the Man. "Yes, Lord Faradir, that is what appears to have happened. Lord Faradir gave a single slow nod of his head. "Then I shall so advise the King. I am certain that our Lord King Elessar will be interested in this report." Merry again gave a twisted smile. "I suspect that you are correct, my Lord." They all turned to examine the seated prisoners. "What's to be done with these, then?" asked one of the seated Hobbits. Lord Faradir said, "With your permission I will take them away and question them, after which I suspect that all of them will be allowed to go free, as long as they are willing to return to their own lands and trouble no one either here in the north or in Rohan or Gondor ever again." "But they did some terrible things to some of our people!" objected the one who'd brought the ale. Merry, the Master, and Lord Faradir exchanged meaningful looks, and at last the Man answered, "Perhaps they did. However, the Lord Iorhael has made it clear that he does not wish ill treatment to be rewarded with more of the same, and I will see his will done." The Dunlending wasn't precisely certain what all of this meant, but he found himself grateful to this mysterious and apparently powerful Lord Iorhael for his mercy. As he and his fellows were prodded to their feet, he commented quietly to one of his former comrades, "I don't have no objections t'goin' home and stayin' there, do you?" "None!" the other Dunlander answered. "Wherever he is, hope that he rests well t'night." (I) As Frodo settled himself under the covers of the bed in the room given to his use at the Cotton's house, he found himself smiling, and indeed his dreams that night were filled with images of light-filled beings who showed him beautiful things, although the next morning he could not say what it was they had showed to him.