me," Éomer said. "Do the ladies really think you go out after giant squid?" "Of course," Erchirion answered. "There are just enough tales to make it believable. Naturally, we never catch one. It always just gets away." "So, you've never seen one?" Erchirion shook his head. "Not even a hint of one, and not likely to, with the vastness of the ocean." Suddenly they were all flung off their seats as the boat lurched round, canvas cracking in protest. "Whoa! What was that?" Elphir scrambled to his feet and peered over the side. "You've hit a rock, Amrothos, you imbecile!" Erchirion shouted, as with another shudder, the boat swung into the wind, the sail flogging from side to side. Amrothos grabbed the tiller, using his knife to slash the cord he'd tied it with. "I have not! There aren't any rocks …. Great Ulmo!" he gasped, pointing over Eomer's shoulder. Éomer turned his head to look. The sea boiled around them. What the…! He didn't believe what he was seeing – a huge shape rose out of the heaving water and he saw a massive eye staring at him. Amrothos wrestled with the boat, trying to get it moving. But it was as if something held them fast. "Watch out!" Erchirion yelled, just as the sail wrapped around him and Elphir. A huge, pinkish tentacle swung in an arc and landed on the boat, just to Eomer's left. The hideous feeler slithered straight for his leg. Great Bema! It had to be twenty foot long. The boat rocked dangerously. Éomer clung to the gunwale with one hand, drawing his sword with the other. The end of the tentacle wrapped round his ankle. He hacked at it, but the damn thing was covered with horrible suckers, as tough as mail. Another tentacle snaked over the side. It squirmed straight around his thigh, tightening painfully. Elphir and Erchirion pushed past the impeding canvas and fell on it, both slashing wildly. Eomer's heart thudded – the monster had the strength of a Mûmak and he was being pulled off his feet as it tried to drag him into the sea. Just as he thought his leg would break, Amrothos let go the tiller and added his sword. Suddenly the pressure eased, and the noisome tentacle landed in the bottom of the boat, still wriggling. But he still hadn't got right through the first. With a last desperate stroke, Gúthwinë severed the remaining sinuous flesh and a second revolting worm slithered around his feet. "Here!" Erchirion retrieved one of the big spears and passed it to Éomer. Quickly he pulled the others out. Éomer launched his, it embedded into the quivering mass of flesh near the creature's eye. Three more hissed past him, ripping into its body. Swords ready, they waited fearfully for another attack, but the thing rose right above the surface and its limbs – tentacles – Éomer didn't know – waved in the air before crashing down on the water, sending gallons swilling over the boat. With a mournful wail the monster sank below the waves. One spear was left floating on the water, but the rest were dragged into the deep. The water calmed, it was as if the creature had never been – except for the two oozing tentacles lying in the bottom of the boat. Shocked into silence, they all stared at them. "That, I presume, was a Giant Squid," Éomer said when air returned to his lungs. Erchirion took a deep breath. "I don't think it could be anything else. I imagine that answers the question as to whether they exist or not." "Do you think we could talk about it later? It might have a friend," Elphir said, prodding a tentacle with his foot. He directed his gaze at his younger brother who had made no attempt to take the tiller again, allowing the boat to wallow in the swell. "Get us out of here, Amrothos." Amrothos wiped his sword on the edge of the flapping canvas. "You'll have to pull the sail round by hand to get us going." Éomer got out of their way, waiting until the boat was back on course before he too poked at one of the tentacles. Ugh! It was horrible. "What are you going to do with these?" "Take them back as a trophy," Elphir suggested. "There's a lot of flesh on them. I wonder what they're like roasted on an open fire," Amrothos mused. "Eat them!" Éomer turned on him horrified. "You're not serious." "Well, squid is good. Not like we tried to give you, but fried in breadcrumbs…" Éomer didn't wait. He picked up the first and heaved it over the side, before grabbing the second and sliding it over the gunwale. Now his hands stunk. And he didn't fancy trailing them in the water. "Why did you do that? No one will believe us." Elphir looked a bit crestfallen. Erchirion shrugged. "It doesn't matter. There are four of us to corroborate the story." "I still don't think we will be believed," Elphir retorted. Éomer didn't care if they were believed or not, the island was close and he wanted his feet on dry land. Bema! They had to get back! One of the wineskins lay at his feet and he picked it up. Now he needed a drink even more. "I'll bet you'll remember this, Éomer," Amrothos grinned at him. "I am not sure that I won't stick to Stag Hunts in the future." "Might be a bit safer," Erchirion agreed. "What about when we come to Rohan for the wedding, Éomer. Do you have any similar custom?" Éomer thought about the tradition of a party of friends going out to hunt the mystical black boar that lived in the forests of the White Mountains. The beast was rumoured to stand as high as a horse and have yard-long tusks. It only appeared when a man was due to be married. "No! We have nothing." ---