the boy didn't care. His hate was a physical thing, black and stinging as it oozed through his veins, welled up behind his eyes, twisted his mouth, curled his hands into bloody fists. "Why?" He demanded around a mouthful of blood, but it came out somewhat garbled. Irritated, he spat a gob of scarlet onto the grass and repeated the question. "Why? What reason do I have to trust you? And what help can you give me?" The youth demanded angrily, his belly twisting into what seemed a thousand knots. Even as he tried to block out the Ranger's words, they repeated in his mind: you are in desperate need of help... Yes, he knew that. The nightmares, the flashbacks, the hallucinations, the paranoia... he knew he needed help. But what kind of help could he get from this Man of Westernesse? "Why does everyone want to help me? Everyone I know - my father, my mother, my brothers - they all say they wish to 'help' me. Yet on the receiving end of that help, I can honestly say I would rather be dead than accept their sweetly poisoned lies or be a part of their schemes. No offense, Master Longshanks, but I am afraid I must tender my regrets." He said this last through clenched teeth, barely able to keep the leash on his temper from snapping. He wanted to lunge at the older man, tackle him to the ground, beat him until he simply shut up and stopped trying to torment Anar. But he knew in a fight between himself and Aragorn, he would lose. Badly. "I swear on the sword I bear and the honor of the Dunedain that I would never do you harm," Aragorn told him firmly, but Anarmacil simply snorted in derision. How many oaths had been sworn to him? How many oaths had he himself sworn? All of them, he thought bitterly, had been broken long ago. But the Ranger was still speaking. He continued, "I have come to a decision." The youth with eyes like a summer night sky felt his blood chill in his veins. He began to tremble. Aragorn had come to a decision. Aragorn had come to a decision . What decision? What was he going to do to Anarmacil? Hurt him? Beat him? Rape him, perhaps? Kill him? There were countless Men who would do that and probably worse – if worse there was. And of course, the Liemuina youth could not overlook the simple fact that the stern, gray-eyed Ranger had come to some kind of decision. How many times had he heard that phrase? "I have come to a decision." That had been the phrase to ruin his life, to exile him, to imprison Naira because he hadn't known what it meant that she refused to tell him who her blasted father was. All of the hell and heartache had come from that simple sentence. I have come to a decision. Rage boiled in his veins, and he could see his pulse throbbing, a black star in the top right corner of his vision as his heart crashed against his ribs with fury. A decision. Really. "And what decision is that?" Anar hissed through clenched teeth, voice dripping like acid. He felt his face twist with hate, felt his stomach knot and churn. He didn't care. He could be sick later. Right now, he had to stand tall, show this bastard that he, Anarmacil Carlothel of the Glittering City, was not afraid of a mere Ranger. He would never be afraid of this Man, he decided, chewing the inside of his cheek. He would never be afraid of any Man. Or any Liemuina, for that matter. He was so sick of being afraid. He was sick of everything. There was nothing this Ranger could say that would make him feel any different. "Well?" He demanded after the silence had stretched overlong. "What decision is that?" "I want you to be my apprentice." . . . Author's Note This is Anar's story. It takes place at the same time as Elluine's, and at times they'll meet up, but this story is mostly for Anarmacil. Yes, I know, we don't know much about how the Rangers work, exactly, but they have to learn their Ranger ways from somewhere. Anyway, I hope you enjoyed the prologue. Meaning of the Titles Lornarion = son of golden fire; literally "golden" + "fire" + "son of." I figured it was a good description for Anarmacil's character. Lornarion is the name of his series, NOT this fanfic. Lithuin, as stated in the title, means "out of the ashes." Literally "ash" + "out of." I figured it was a good first title. This is going to be, I think, a quartet - Lithuin Tindu (Out of the Ashes at Twilight), Tinwer Moremi (Embers in the Night), Uriel Mornie (Burning Darkness), and Enair Amaurea (Fires of Dawn). Annuinant is a contraction of two words - annuin + ant; west + gift. Literally, west-gift, or Gift of the West. Customs Touched On Here The flashback Anarmacil has is a custom employed by the Liemuina. In Luineyende it is mentioned that the Hidden People wear earrings to denote allegiance, rank, elemental affinity, etc. An early courtship ritual (such as the modern giving of chocolate or flowers) is to exchange one of your earrings with the person you wish to court. Having that earring returned is a sign that the other person wishes to break off the relationship. Sources and Inspiration The Dark Jewels Trilogy by Anne Bishop (the line sweetly poisoned lies) http : / www . elvish . org / gwaith / leithian . htm (translation of the Lay of Leithian into Quenya) The Mage Winds Trilogy by Mercedes Lackey (inspiration for the ring-exchange) New Moon by Stephanie Meyer (reactions to teen trauma) Ranger's Apprentice Series (apprentice/master dynamic) Skulduggery Pleasant (apprentice/master dynamic) Terrier by Tamora Pierce (apprentice/master dynamic) www . nevrast . net (Elvish dictionary)