killing me. Your love is what healed me. Sauron does not understand the powers of pure loyalty, honest friendship and love, and thus his poison does not, either. They are both powerless against it when it's strong enough." Aragorn didn't meet Legolas' eyes at the implication that it was the love of friendship that had saved the Elf. It was now or never. "You don't understand, Legolas," he said. "My love for you…it isn't right. It is not only the love of a friend." "Why is it not right?" Legolas asked quietly. "Because some think that couples should only be of the opposite gender?" Aragorn shook his head, still not able to meet Legolas' eyes in his shame. "I don't really care what they think of me, Legolas. Only what you think of me. You do not need to fear me. I will never hurt you, attack you or try to overpower you just to satisfy myself. I'm so sorry. I-I tried to ignore my love for you, but…it just would not leave me." Legolas waited patiently until Aragorn was finished. Then he reached up to wipe away a tear on Aragorn's cheek. Aragorn shook his head almost distractedly. "I would ask your forgiveness, Legolas, if I thought I deserved it. But I do not. I'll send one of the Healers to tend to you. I doubt you'll want me to-" he started to get up. Legolas reached up and grabbed Aragorn's arm, wincing as pain shot through his side at the sudden movement. Aragorn froze, wary of moving and causing Legolas any more pain. He knelt back down. "There is nothing wrong with the love you have for me," he whispered, slowly releasing Aragorn's arm. "Or the love I have for you." Aragorn looked at the Elf in disbelief. "You – you love me?" Legolas smiled faintly. "The saying I always quoted was not one I had read or heard, Aragorn, but one I created, thinking that you would hate me for my feelings for you. It was my way of softly telling you about them. And -" he broke off, wincing again. Aragorn placed a hand over the still-bleeding wound beneath Gimli's blood-soaked cloak. "Don't worry; Gimli is fetching some healing herbs and some bandages. When he brings them I'll take care of your wound." "You didn't tell him I was dying, did you." It was not a question. "No," Aragorn conceded. "I did not wish to make him feel worse than he already did, as it was an Orc he thought he had killed that wounded you." He touched the back of his callused fingers to Legolas' cheek. The Elf closed his eyes for a moment, relishing in the slight contact. "What were you saying, Legolas?" Aragorn asked after a moment. "I was about to say I think Lord Elrond knew about our love for each other before even we did, and that the saying he quoted was his way of telling us that our love could save each other." Legolas replied, opening his eyes. "Hope and Light," Aragorn breathed, understanding what Legolas was saying now. "He was referring to us. You were my light back then, and still are. I was the hope of the people. And he didn't mind our hidden feelings." Aragorn smiled down at Legolas, who returned it, albeit a fainter one. "I glad Ada doesn't mind." "Took you two long enough to talk to one another," a voice behind Aragorn said gruffly. Aragorn glanced over his shoulder, being careful not to jostle Legolas. Gimli was standing there, arms crossed and a package at his feet. He had an odd look on his face. "How long have you been standing there, Gimli?" Aragorn asked warily. He had no idea what the Dwarf's reaction to the relationship the two of them now had would be. He had just gotten Legolas back, gotten up the courage to confide his feelings for the Elf and then found out that Legolas returned them. He was not about to lose him to an irate Dwarf's ax. "Long enough to know that you lied to me about the Elf's condition and long enough to know that you two have finally confided your feelings to each other." Gimli answered as he picked up the package and brought it over to Aragorn, who was still watching him guardedly. The Dwarf chose to ignore him, dropped and the package next to Aragorn and moved to stand at the Elf's other side. "You can relax now, Aragorn," Gimli said when Aragorn didn't move. "I have no intention of harming either of you." He smiled cheekily at the two of them. "Though do you think either of you could have been any more obvious during the Fellowship? Even Merry and Pippin noticed!" He jumped back, comically dodging an imaginary blow from Legolas, causing the Elf to chuckle, then wince. Aragorn scowled at the Dwarf. "Now look what your fooling around did. Be off with you!" "Whatever you say, Aragorn!" the Dwarf smiled cheekily before leaving. When he had gone a couple of yards he stopped and looked back over his shoulder. His smile widened when he saw Aragorn leaning down to place a chaste kiss on Legolas' lips, one arm still around his love's shoulders, the other hand gently cupping the his face. Chuckling, Gimli went off to help the Men of Gondor however he could. A/N – Well, there is my first attempt at A/L romance. The lament Aragorn sings is – sadly – not my own work but the song, "Hope has a Place" by Enya. NOTE: this is NOT a sequel to 'Death by Broken Heart.' I might, however, try and do a prequel to this where they first meet – yes I know, there are many of these fics out there already, but what is one more? But first I need to find a muse for it. But even before that I will finish Death by Broken Heart… Review, please!