through as your emotions heightened." Then his expression turned serious. "Never do you have to fear losing my love. I am bound to you for all time, and not even given the choice would I have it otherwise. My heart bleeds to know the struggles you have endured, but it does not change you. You are still my love. And I can feel your sorrow and fear as you speak of your struggles. You are still the embodiment of my heart. You have not hidden the nature of your father's kindred, and I cannot fault that nature coming forth under the shadow of such horror. I feel your sorrow for this happening, and I know you did not wish it." My fingers toyed with the loose cotton of the shirt Legolas wore, my eyes fixed on my fingers. "I may not have wanted it to happen, Legolas, but it did. And when it was happening, I wanted it. And I can still feel that need—that hunger—slithering around inside of me. Waiting. What if I'm never rid of it? How do I even go about it?" I could see the confusion that marked his face, but he shook his head. "I know not, but we shall overcome this obstacle together." "You can't understand. You can't understand what I did, and you can't understand what it's like to be alive again after having been dead. How hard that is. How silly everything in life seems," I responded. The frustrated sigh came again as he pushed away from me, swiveling to sit beside me on the floor once more. But my right hand remained clasped in his warm one. "You would feel less ill at ease discussing these struggles with Lord Glorfindel?" he suddenly asked. My eyes darted surreptitiously out the corner of my eyes as I wondered whether or not to answer. When Legolas had found me by the fountain, he had demanded to know what had upset me and what I'd been doing so far from the main part of the colony, and when I'd admitted to speaking with Glorfindel about our shared experiences, it would have taken a blind person not to see the hurt in his eyes that I'd confided in someone else. "He's been through some of what I have. Plus I don't care what he thinks of me," I carefully explained. Legolas was silent for several minutes. He was quiet for so long, that I finally turned to face him. "If this is your wish, and should Lord Glorfindel be willing, I shall not object. My only hope is for the anguish you feel to heal. For it to fade from memory. If he is the one to help you, I shall be glad in my heart," he slowly answered, not looking at me but straight ahead. I reached across with my left hand and pressed it to his chest. "Are you sure that's okay?" I pressed, knowing well that he wanted me to share even this with him, but knowing I couldn't tell him everything, and without working through it all, that I would always be haunted by it. He turned to face me, carefully wrapping an arm around my shoulders and pulling me closer into his side as I noted fresh tears in his eyes. "My only wish is to see you healed. How it occurs is irrelevant in the end. If Lord Glorfindel can help you as I cannot, then I shall be grateful to him." I collapsed further into him, hearing the bite of bitterness in his voice as he spoke, but grateful that he would give this a chance. He pulled my legs over his own, nearly pulling me completely onto his lap as my tears let loose. Maybe nothing could heal my spirit in the end. Maybe I could live thousands of years like Glorfindel obviously had and still be haunted by the memories, still be captivated by the primal hunger we'd both awoken in ourselves. Maybe there was no fixing me. But I knew I could try with Glorfindel's help. And I knew I wouldn't have to force any more of a blight onto Legolas's soul. Glorfindel and I had already descended into the primeval, and I found myself for once praying to the gods and the Valar that we could indeed help each other. But if I was already lost to that darkness, I'd make certain I didn't bring Legolas low, too. I wouldn't submit his soul to the torture of continually talking about what I'd done. My life had become a mess, but I wouldn't bring Legolas with me into the pit if that was my destination. I would at least protect him. Neither of us moved until the sunlight warmed our room; we merely clung to each other and our own hopes. A/N: This one-shot is for Rhennan, whose review came at just the right time to kick me in the butt and get me in gear to finish writing this one-shot, which had been sitting half-written for a while now. Also, if there is any confusion between where the story-arc epilogue in To Honor left Lane and Legolas in Middle-earth, I will remind you that it was from Legolas's POV and so he didn't know about what things Lane was and wasn't telling him. I also had purposefully written a few things the way I did so that if I didn't ever write any more one-shots or a sequel for this series, it would have some resolution to the ending, and not leave things too open-ended. Hopefully this one-shot doesn't leave things open-ended either, but at least in my mind, there are still things to be addressed and resolved. We'll just have to see if I get to them. ;) Thanks so much again to everyone for reading the trilogy before this, and now this one-shot. And thanks so much for those of you who take the time to leave a review. You guys are wonderful!