the door to his study close and locked it, turning his darkened eyes to Lindir. "What is this? Some sick game of yours? If I have to obey your rules… then remember we are still working, and I want none of your private life knocking on my door!" Erestor's voice was so thick and deep that it made Lindir tremble. He trembled at the first hard words, but then watching that Elf become so altered because of him, the fear subsided melted into growing desire. He strode closer and took a hold of the minstrel, forcing him against a wall; he pressed his face against it. "If you are just a child playing games Lindir… it is time you stopped," he hissed against the shell of his ear, his heart still throbbing madly with jealousy, only slightly soothed by the way the minstrel's scent invaded his senses. The passion between them was always so great… and he could feel Lidir's posture changing, his breath quickening. They knew one another's body, they knew when a rough touch was simply that… they represented no danger to one another's flesh, but to their minds… they were hazards. "And what are you going to do about it, my lord?" Lindir defied despite knowing Erestor would never take him in anger; he still played with fire. "Will you force yourself on me now… to stake a claim?!" He groaned as he was pressed harder against the wall, his arousal coming in contact with the cold stone through the opening of his robes. He felt Erestor sensually press against him and wrap and arm around his waist. The dark Elf smirked and traced his tongue along Lindir's neck, enjoying the feel of the slender body shivering against him. "Do you feel that you are being forced?" "No…" Lindir panted, his cheeks flushed. He knew he would have to stop playing games and hurting, provoking Erestor, or sooner or later it would get out of control, and he hated to lose control, unless it was like this… with him… with Erestor. The advisor turned Lindir around once more, his strong hands holding him by the back of his thighs and lifting him, making the minstrel wrap his legs and arms around the Elf. Their lips locked in a furious kiss as the advisor settled his assistant upon the table and pushed all other things out of the desk before gently pushing his lover down. He parted that unbuttoned robe, taking his time to look at that body he loved. His hair caressed Lindir's chest in a teasing touch as he loweredto kiss the smooth skin, lips wrapping around a pink nipple, nibbling and suckling until he heard the Elf moan. They had many times explored one another's body in a more than professional way, all in the name of efficiency and fulfillment… but this was different, because for the first time, it had complete meaning the pleasure he gave to the Elf, his declared reason for doing so, that was no longer relief from stress or self satisfaction. He tasted of Lindir's flesh; wrapping his mouth around the his weeping cock. He slid his lips up and down, succoring hard before letting go with a soft pop, and grinning at the minstrel's desperate attempts to grab him by the hair and make him return before he actually would. He blew softly on the slick and warm flesh, watching Lindir squirm and moan before he lowered his head once more, dark eyes twinkling with a kind of pleasure he had never known. From such a delicious tasting of his assistant's length, he lowered his lips and spread the Elf's thighs farther apart, making him bend them at the knee. He gently rolled thedarkened and heavy sac between his fingers before letting his tongue and lips have a taste as well, slowly lowering them. His hands spread Lindir's cheeks so his tongue could circle the tight entrance to his body, relaxing the tense muscle, slowly working its way in before a finger joined. Finally Erestor positioned himself and pushed in. There was an explosion of moans as they joined and the tight and warm body clenched around him. They moved together in tandem, in a passionate yet languid rhythm. Erestor had been supporting his elbows on either side of Lindir when he held the Elf in his arms, making him sit up so their bodies would be closer and their lips meet comfortably, intimately even as he thrust into him… as he made love to him. It was when he was just about to climax that Erestor stopped, agony washing over him as he held Lindir close and possessively, hating to see another day of work pass by and the Elf was still not his. He looked out of the window and slowly he relaxed, his expression opening and a smile on his lips. He held still, not letting Lindir move as he waited. "My lord…" Lindir complained, but his lips were silenced by another set of lips claiming them. "Lindir… look." He had only to look to the side to see the wide window. The last ray of sun was gone and the moon high in the sky, stars flickering brightly. "Work is over…" He thrust gently into the Elf, to show that they, however, were not. "You are mine," he whispered against Lindir's warm skin, feeling the Elf shiver and pull back to look at him with a gleam in his eyes. "And what are you going to do about it?" he asked, not only teasing, but needing to know if he would be just an object of lust or of love as well. Erestor spoke softly, caressing the minstrel's face as he slowly guided him to lie back upon the table; his body hovering close. "I am going to keep you. Love you." They smiled breathlessly at each other, before another kiss sealed their lips together and their bodies moved once more… this time belonging together.