alone they tended the fire in the midst of the empty hall, "were you shieldmaiden or poor servant girl tending horses." "That is well, then, for we do not part from our horses easily, and mine will come to Ithilien with me." She smiled for him, kissed his high cheek. "And you will love it more than me, I'll wager." "If it serves me better than you, perhaps. Our horses are faithful even to death." "And so will I be to you." Always he came back to this, as if he feared there was some underlying seriousness in her amusement. He spoke against several minutes later as if to prove it: "You will be sick for this place, Éowyn. You do not feel it now for you yet may come and go here as you please. But when we come to rule Ithilien, you will have requirements that will hinder your leaving, and there will be many miles separating you." "And I have agreed to go there with you, so long as you will have me. Rohan has no need of its shieldmaiden now, nor can she serve it." He kissed her then, in full view of any who might be walking in the shadows of the hall. But Wormtongue no longer patrolled Meduseld, and she did not fear the scrutiny of the king's men. They were glad for her as her brother had been. It is best, my lady, if you do not allow the men your private audience anymore. They will have intentions for you other than those you know. You are beautiful and they will want to possess that beauty, your body, Éowyn, and you will be nothing more to them. Gríma's voice, his cold hand pressing gently upon her shoulder. If the wizard had not come to set her kinsmen to war he would have had for a wife, would have had her lying next to him in the dawnless morning. A pretty slave she would have been, pleading for him as he had for her. He would have made her a mistress of Orcs, a dark queen of filth and war, of bodies strewn across the plain. She felt no remorse for him, no honorable mercy as her uncle showed him once released from his captivity. News of his death in the Shire gave her but pause to shudder and nothing more. Whether he had loved her or not was of no consequence—she was hobbled by darkness no more and could at last banish from her mind the foul temptations he had poured into her ear. I abandoned . Yes, she abandoned; she fled as if the Dark Lord himself were at her heels. She abandoned the place where her fathers had died seeking honor, where her uncle had lost his final years to madness, where she had lived in fear and in disgrace, lusting for war, for the sword in her hand. She abandoned a people she was not fit to lead, not as the repressed child of a woman she had been then. And was she fit to lead them now? The hands of the king were the hands of a healer, but they did not make a queen, not even in Ithilien. But her husband was virtuous and strong, though he did not believe himself to be, and would govern his people under the king better than his predecessors. She found herself preferring to be a mere statue at his side, a silent image of his own success; the prospect of glory now only shamed her. Perhaps, in the end, that was Angmar's final legacy to her: she would earn her glory and would shun it, for it would only recall his dark visage and the torment she had suffered at his cruel hands. …he will not slay thee in thy turn… "Éowyn?" She gasped, drew back from him. He sat up in the bed with a faint smile upon his lips; her easy unnerving never failed to amuse him, though she knew it also made him fearful. "Lie down, lady," he said, and he took her into his arms. There could be no mistaking them now—he was warm and vital and felt nothing of the dark. She pressed herself into him and he once more encircled her in the blankets to drive from her skin the morning cold. Once she would have blanched at the thought of being so close to him, but she had been his willing lover since the shadow departed her in Minas Tirith, and now knew only comfort with him. "Are you well?" he whispered into her ear, his short beard scratching against the side of her face. She nodded simply to feel it again. "A dream. Nothing more." "The same dream?" "I escaped it for five mornings and it has found me today." He kissed her forehead. "Hardly a bargain, I'd call it." "Would you? I am too grateful for the other mornings to rue this one." "Then sleep a while longer, while there is yet darkness and no pressing need to awaken." He nuzzled her throat, laid his head gently upon her collar where he so often slept at night. Her shield arm went across his back, holding him in place as if he might otherwise leave. "They will end one day," he said quietly. His blinking eyelashes grazed her neck. "There is no fear to feed it now, and in time it will starve and die." And perhaps I must die first , she thought, but did not say. A shudder passed through her. With a concerned kiss he tightened his arms about her and once more brought his lips to her ear. "Think not on it, Éowyn. Whatever darkness still haunts your mind, give in no more to it." She had no response for him. She signaled what she desired of him with her hands moving over him, and kissing her hungrily he obliged—there was contentment, if not peace, when the morning came.