nodded". With one last look the King turned and strode straight away toward his office. His seneschal had informed him that Thoran and his companions had been found and brought into his study. Now the many questions would be answered and most of all they would answer to him. ….. After a quick talk with his captain to exchange their information he entered his study and took a deep breath to compose himself. He would hear their explanations, albeit his decision to punish the youngsters was already guaranteed. Regardless of their reasons they had left his son helpless to defend himself against a warg attack. They had deliberately accepted the boy´s death and this could not go unpunished. Nodding his thanks at his seneschal the King sat behind his desk and studied the three youngsters closely. It was instantly clear who this Thoran was. He sat there in the middle of the three, his chin held high with an arrogant expression on his face. The other two boys presented a look of misery. Pale and shivering they sat there not able to meet the King´s gaze. "Well", the King said. "Would someone enlighten me about what happened today in the woods? Start with the morning when my son arrived at the training fields for his lessons." The King´s seneschal cringed. He knew this tone of voice well. Thranduil was one step away from exploding. Thoran however seemed not to notice or ignore the King´s ire. "I do not know what you mean. What have we to do with your son?," he asked with a nearly bored expression. Recognizing the shocked looks the other two boys shot each other the King briefly closed his eyes and stood. "Then let me help your memory. You attacked my son on his way to the training fields, dragged him into the woods, tied him to a tree and beat him. As two wargs appeared you fled and left the injured and helpless boy alone. Have I missed anything?" Before Thoran could utter something, one of the other boys sprung up. "We did not want this, sire. Thoran said we would scare the boy a bit and then let him go. We never wanted to hurt him." Turning Thoran glared at the boy. "Shut up, Thregon. This Sindarin brat needed a lesson!" Stunned the King stopped in his advance to show the youth his place. Thoran had not only affirmed his guess what had happened today but called his son a Sindarin brat? Now they were getting to the core of all this mess. Thoran was one of these troublemakers which disapproved of a Sindarin King over Silvan elves. And suddenly he knew where he had heard Thoran´s name before. He was one of the agitators always causing trouble. Seeing that here all rational arguments were wasted he ordered the guards to take the youngsters back to their cells. His heart went out to his son. Now he knew why the youth was so withdrawn of late, if he had to suffer Thoran and his likes. Nonetheless he must act wisely. He could not overdo the punishment of the three boys. Of course their crime could not go unanswered. If not for Captain Thalan his son would be dead by now, but he must ever consider the much larger group of Silvan elves under his role. There were still a few who were not happy with a Sindar King. He could not afford a conflagration. Anyway this elf must be removed, and with him all the others supporting him. They had tried to kill his son and therefore they must pay. Knowing the two other boys were only followers he decided that Thoran and his family would be banished from Mirkwood, never to return and the other two would never be allowed to join the warrior ranks and would be watched closely. When this was done he returned to his son's bedside and watched the night over next to his child. In the morning he was delighted to see his son awake. He gently caressed his son´s cheek. "Legolas, how do you feel?" he whispered still shaken at what could have happened. Blue eyes looked hesitantly back at him. "I´m sorry, Ada, I did not mean…..," "Shht, Legolas. I know what happened. Don´t worry all will be well again." Seeing the doubt and hurt in his son´s eyes the King carefully bent down and embraced his child. Slowly, much too slowly for his liking the boy relaxed and sobbed quietly into his chest. Only holding the boy the King sat quietly until the sobs had stopped. After a while he raised the boy´s chin with his finger. "Legolas, you are safe now. You must not fear Thoran and the others any longer. I´ve made sure they will never bother you again." Sighing, a little colour returned into the pale little face. Not really satisfied with his son´s remote reaction the King looked again into his child´s eyes. "What is it, Legolas? Why have you not told me what has plagued you?" Looking down the boy chewed on his lower lip. "Your interference would have made it all worse and besides …." "Yes…?" "….you are always busy and…." Now the King struggled with his composure. It was what he had feared. He was so engaged in his work that he had neglected his child to a point that the boy did not seek him out anymore when troubled. Embracing the shivering boy again, this time a little harder he whispered into the little pointed ear. "I´m sorry, Legolas, you are right, but I will change this immediately. From now on my door will always be open for you, no matter what, do you understand? There is nothing more important to me than you. Can you forgive me?" Looking momentarily speechless the little elf hugged his father back. "I love you, Ada," he whispered as he sagged against the older elf relieved to have his Adar back.