orgasm that he drew himself down and took the horse-lord's entire length into his mouth. Eomer arched his back high, clenched his fists hard, and wept for mercy. Faramir was certainly not forthcoming with any mercy, and thought it justified to suck harder, deeper, faster. Eomer could hold off no more, and jerked hard before collapsing on the bed. Faramir came to lie himself down on top of his new lover. He ran his fingers over Eomer's closed eyes, traced the contours of his cheeks, and rimmed his bright red lips. Gently he licked and kissed his forehead, as Eomer's breathing became slow and rhythmic. A deep sleep fell over the King. For once, Faramir felt fulfilled. His organ was subsiding, but still he felt a mighty weight lifting from him: the same feeling he had after he would reach orgasm. Returning his concentration to Eomer, he realised why. He had fulfilled another. And he had obviously done it well! With that thought, he drifted also towards sleep, and dreamed stunning dreams, and slept peaceful sleep. Moon beams played exquisitely on the face of Faramir as he slept. Eomer lay watching his new lover, savouring his every breath, movement, sigh. Never in his wildest dreams did he imagine that it would all turn out this way! He eased his way out from under Faramir, and went to the basin to have a quick bathe. He washed the dried blood from his neck, and sponged his body of lingering sweat. He rubbed soap into his skin and rinsed this off. He loved feeling clean. It was such a contrast to how he felt most of the time, riding for days with dirt and the smell of horses clinging to him. Being clean was something special, something he took pleasure in. And, he thought, it always had erotic experiences with it! Shivering, he slipped into the bed sheets beside Faramir, and snuggled close. "I wondered where you had gone," he said, groggily. "You smell delicious!" Faramir rolled to face Eomer, slipping his leg between Eomer's strong, muscular ones. The movement caused Eomer to squeeze his eyes shut and take in a sharp breath. "Is something wrong?" Faramir asked. He thought he had hurt him. "No, you splendid being. You make me grow hard again." Eomer whispered. He buried his head against Faramir's neck, and rocked his hips against Faramir's taut stomach. "Turn around." Faramir whispered back. Eomer obliged, and nuzzled back into the curve of Faramir's body. Again he gasped when he felt the hardness of Faramir's sex pressing urgently against his buttocks. He felt hands stroking the firm, rounded cheeks, and flinched when the hands slid between his legs to cup the soft sac there. Eomer now buried his face deep in the pillow as he struggled not to cry out in bliss and sheer desire. Without warning, the hands left, and body left, and all was cold. Eomer shuddered with withdrawal, and turned to see where Faramir had gone. But as he began to rise to see, Faramir returned, and placed a sumptuous velvet cloak beneath Eomer, and dipped his fingers in a pot of oil he retuned with. Eomer sighed with anticipation, as his lover returned to the same position. He pushed Eomer gently onto his stomach, and spread his legs. There he spotted the prize, and began rimming the hole with his oiled finger. The horse-lord was overcome by the unbelievable tactile experience on feeling velvet on his sex, and moved rhythmically, up and down, rubbing against the cloak. He felt tingling beginning in his groin, moving out to his back, and he moaned loudly with the sensation. Faramir stared at his lover with wanton debauchery. Realising his plan was working, and being overwhelmed with the erotic nature of Eomer's pleasure, he felt the first sweet drops of nectar forming on the head of his organ. He needed this now. Eomer needed this now. He pushed the finger in, feeling Eomer tighten and stiffen beneath him. Eomer cried out, trying to pull away from the finger. "We don't have to do this, Eomer. If it hurts, we can stop." Faramir felt sorrow come over him, as he realised he had hurt Eomer. But his lover sighed, and relaxed against the bed. Faramir leant down, and placed kisses on Eomer's back. He licked up and down, while rubbing his own sex between the hot folds of Eomer's buttocks. The King began moving again, rubbing his hips up and down against the cloak. Both men continued, Eomer gasping for breath, Faramir moaning with each thrust, sucking on the back of Eomer's neck. Suddenly, Eomer thrust his hips up, causing Faramir's organ to slip inside the horse-lord. Both cried out, Faramir feeling himself swell up towards the pinnacle of pleasure. The warmth, the tightness, Eomer writhing beneath him, he couldn't take another thrust. But as the thought came to him, Eomer thrust his hips again, sending Faramir's organ so deep he thought he would die of pleasure. Waves of orgasm washed over him, as he thrust himself back and forward inside Eomer. He buried his face deep in Eomer's neck as he filled him with the nectar of the gods. Eomer gasped for breath as the silkiness of the velvet drew his to orgasm also. He shook uncontrollably, lay very still afterwards. Faramir awoke with a start. He withdrew from inside his lover, and moved to be beside him, draping one leg over Eomer's thighs, and caressing his back with his free arm. Eomer stirred, and turned his head to look at the one he had always loved, and had more reason to do so now. Faramir smiled back at him, and swept the stray strands of hair falling in his eyes. "Now this is real love," Faramir whispered. "Give and take. Love must be returned for it to be love." He now licked at a single tear that ran down his lover's face. "Never will I let you go. Never."