be nothing, they will have lost nothing in humoring their daughter's upset. Minutes later Edel entered carrying travel sacs. "I've packed enough food for a week or so." Edel said, looking to her daughter. "We should pack blankets and spare clothes." "The horses are ready for riding." Aden said, entering from outside. "We're almost through packing, father." Lúthien said, noticing her mother had already moved off to get the blankets and clothes. "Lúthien," Aden said, placing his hands on her shoulders, "go on outside and put those travel sacs on the horses." He said, motioning to the bags on the floor. "Yes, father, but where are you going?" She asked, concern evident in her voice. "I'm going to help your mother. I'll be right out. I promise." He said, looking into her eyes. Lúthien nodded, grabbed 2 of the 3 bags, and headed out. Aden walked into the room he shared with Edel, a frown playing on his face. "What is wrong? You look troubled." "I hate to lying to Lúthien," he said, pulling a sword from under their bed, "but I can't tell her I'm bringing this in case we truly are in danger. You know how she feels about killing." Edel smiled warmly. "Yes. Indeed, our daughter has a compassionate heart." she said, watching Aden slip his sword in the bottom of the bag before placing clothes and blankets on top. "We raised her with so much love. You do not think we raised her with so much love that we blinded her to the fact that sometimes killing is a necessity, do you?" "Never. We raised our girl into a perfect lady." Aden said, hugging his wife close. "Mother! Father!" Lúthien's sharp cry called from outside. Edel and Aden broke apart and hurried outside, Aden grabbing the last travel bag as he passed. They reached the door to find Lúthien standing near the horses, stopped in her motion as if her body had turned to stone. They followed her gaze towards the horizon to see a black fog racing towards town. It took only a moment for them to realize the fog was a large group of riders. "I didn't expect them to be this close this fast." Lúthien said, her voice shaking with fear. She looked at the other villagers, who were all turning their gaze toward the approaching riders. It appeared that no one had made any efforts to make an escape. "Are you fools?" she yelled, her voice course with fear and worry. "Gather your families, get on your horses, and run for your lives! Can you not tell something is terribly wrong?" "Lúthien. Edel. Get on your horses." The calm in Aden's voice was strained and sent shivers down Lúthien's spine. She had never heard her father speak in such a tone. With out questioning his reasons, they climbed wordlessly onto their horses. "Now, ride." He said, turning his horse away from the riders. "But father..." Lúthien began, looking back on the other villagers with great concern. "I said ride!" His voice bellowed, leaving no room for further argument. Lúthien was stunned. Her father had never spoken to her in such tones. However afraid she had been before, she was many times more frightened, now. In an instant, they were riding away from the village. She rode up beside her father. "What is it, father? What upset you so?" she asked, her delicate brows furrowing in concern. Her father looked to her, and Lúthien was surprised to see such fear in his eyes. She had never seen her father afraid. "Those were no horses those men were riding, and those were no men upon them." He said, his voice cracking slightly. While Lúthien had been addressing the villagers, Aden had been straining to make out the approaching riders. What he saw made his blood run cold. Though he did not know what to call what he saw, Lúthien would soon learn for herself. They were not men, or even elves, on horses. They were orcs on wargs. Cerulean Sage "Let me see... that would be the first chapter. I figured I'd just clear up a few things. Back in the 'olden days' life expectancies were short. Very few people were expected to live long beyond 40 years of age, so any time from about 15 to 20, you were considered to already be middle aged. What a hassle. I couldn't imagine having a mid-life crisis while still going through puberty. Also, I don't know much Elvish, so instead of attempting to make my characters speak elvish, failing miserably, and embarrassing myself, I'm just going to have the elvish speech in italics or something. Also, I'm unsure whether I want both Lúthien's parents to make it to safety, or Aden to die defending Lúthien and her mother. I think the story would play a little better if both survived, but it would add more drama and suspense if he died. Either way it would work out, which is why I'm deciding to let you, the reader, decide. On another note, I'm trying to base this story strongly on a map of Middle Earth, not just doing guess work or making up random places and things. Swanfleet is an actual place on the map. The orcs came from the east because they traveled north through the western portion of the Fangorn forest, along the Dunland mountain range, and then east along River Gwathlo towards the village where Lúthien lives, which happens to be just south of Swanfleet. It's important to me to keep the story as true to LOTR as possible, and it's important to the story that it makes sense and I don't contradict myself. If my story is confusing, then it's not enjoyable for the reader, and if it's not enjoyable for the reader, then I'm just wasting my time. That is why I put in the extra effort to make my story better. Do it well, or don't do it at all."