long knives and my bow. I grimaced, I felt extremely vulnerable being so weaponless. Only the dagger hidden in my jacket gave me comfort. They ushered me forward onto a brick path which led to the kingdom. I strolled with them leisurely – I could tell it irritated the prince for me to be so casual. I was finally able to study the woods that I had once seen long ago. The trees that were once so bright and beautiful were now dark; cobwebs stretched from branch to branch, allowing little light to touch the forest floor. "You are not from these parts. Who are you? What is your business here?" He asked, moving us along. "My name is Rhava; I am from Lindon. The number of orcs in these parts are growing and I was seeking shelter in the Elvenking's Halls. I would like to see your father." I stated. "My father doesn't see just anybody." He looked at me curiously. "I'm not just anybody." I answered dryly. "He has ordered that any wanderers in the woods be taken to the dungeons. No exceptions." "You're no fun." I laughed, smiling at him boldly. He glared at me and roughly grabbed my arm, yanking me further down the path. "The days are growing darker," he stated. So, even Thranduil, cooped up in his kingdom, has noticed the darkness rising. We were nearing the palace; I could see the great white arches that surrounded the entrance. Above the arches were carvings of vines in the stone. Though the forest was in darkness, it did not affect the beauty of the palace. I had only been in this forest once – long ago before darkness had fallen over the Greenwood. The great, white, arched stone doors of the palace opened in front of us, the guards stationed at the entrance stood attentively, waiting for orders from their prince. "Close the doors." He ordered as we passed inside. "This way," he grabbed my arm. He led me over paths surrounded by moss covered rocks. Large stone pillars were scattered through the palace, the bottoms of which were carved to look like the trunks of trees. Streams ran under the paths and around the boulders, making small waterfalls in scattered places and creating a constant sound of running water. Warm light flooded in from arch-like windows and lanterns hung from the ceiling over the raised paths. It was more beautiful than I imagined. I could understand Thranduil's love for the woodland elves. The prince departed, passing me off to another guard who escorted me to the dungeons. He shoved me in the cell roughly and left me to rot. It was not all unpleasant – I'd been in worse dungeons. The dungeons of Osgiliath? Horrendous. Constantly under siege. I would not recommend it. I took the dagger from my jacket and tossed it in my hand impatiently, waiting for Thranduil to find out I was here. Otherwise, I'd have to escape and find him myself – and that sounded like quite a lot of work. "I found her killing an orc pack in the forest; she says she wishes to see you." The prince's voice drifted through the halls. He reached the doors first and glared at the dagger in my hand. "I am the King of the Woodland Realm, many people wish to see me. I have told you, any strange wanderers in our forest must be put into the dungeons; we cannot afford to allow spies past our borders. I do not wish to see anyone right now." Thranduil said, though his voice was nearing my cell. His voice was like the low tones of a woodwind instrument – but distant and cold. "If you want it so bad, here," I handed him the dagger. "Oh, you do not wish to see anybody at all, Thranduil? I am insulted." I yelled loudly as his footsteps neared my cell. "Who would dar-" his words were cut short as he looked into my cell. "It's been a long time, Thranduil." I smiled audaciously. "You're dead," he whispered. His stern face had fallen to shock. His eyes were older and wiser than last I saw him – also colder. "I get that quite a lot these days," I said, stalling him from further questions. "Would you mind getting your son to let me out of here?" "Legolas!" he looked at his son with scorn that would freeze a man. I stood and leaned against the bars. Thranduil's hair nearly fell down to his waist now – though it was straight as a board, as usual. He stared at me with wide eyes – no speaking, only staring. Legolas squeezed between his father and the door to unlock it. As the door opened, Thranduil stepped through the gap and grasped my face between his hands, studying every detail to assure that I was me. I nearly thought he would kiss me until I felt the cold, golden ring on his right index finger touching my face – and his son staring at us. He instead laid a gentle kiss on my forehead and wrapped his arms around my shoulders in a tight embrace. "What happened?" he whispered in my ear. "Why didn't you tell me you were alive?" "I think you know why," I whispered, glancing at his son, who was staring at us as if his father would burst into flames for being this close to another woman. "You saw what happened in the Battle of Dagorlad." "We will speak later," he whispered. He shuddered slightly and parted from me with a faked smile. "You're filthy." "You always knew how to make me swoon." He looked to his son with an apologetic smile. "Legolas, this is Lady Rhava of Lindon." Legolas's eyes widened at 'lady' and he bowed low with a hand over his heart, "My apologies, I did not know." I raised my eyebrows and turned to Legolas. "Don't wound yourself." Edited: 8/13/15; 1/12/2016