nearly lethal, he said, "To make destiny clear..." and approached the beast, continuing with, "...fate sound..." It faced him, from Isildur's heir, to silence the one who knew the secret. "...life fulfilled," said the Elf before running full speed, knife in hand. A ghastly screech pierced his ears and a bright blur flashed before him and he was nearly knocked over. The depraved beast went flying backward. It took a second for the Elf to recover and realize the bizarre scene unfolding. Their "patient", the injured feline, had miraculously recovered and was presently slashing and clawing and gutting the black wolf. Legolas and Aragorn could only watch as the humongous thylacine was being easily dispatched by a rabid Bengal cub, one third its size. The wolf uselessly flailed and gurgled on its own blood until it went still. The cub simply stopped and calmly began to clean its splattered fur. His head still pounding, Legolas went to his friend. "Are you alright?" Checking the serious gashes on his arm, Aragorn said, "As...good as can be expected. And you?" The pain was a dull roar in his head, making it hard to see and he fought the urge to wretch. "The same." It was evident their injuries were severe. Suddenly, they could hear water splashing and rippling. They turned in the direction of the lake, which they could not see. Soon three willowy figures came into view. Tall, ghostly elves of high birth, clearly not of this world, came to stand before them, their light robes illuminating the forest clearing. Legolas immediately kneeled and Aragorn followed suit. The Elf was moved to tears upon seeing Elwë, Ossë and Uinen. "I am honored, my lords...and lady." It was Elwë who spoke first. "We know this event has been treacherous for you both, yet it was needed." With a wave of his hand, the dire wounds of the Man and Elf faded, much to their awe and delight. Daring to look upon such revered beings, Legolas said, "May I ask what was the purpose of this encounter with Carcharoth?" "It was a figment of the creature, my child. Its death was symbolic of your triumph." said Uinen. "It was imperative we see if you two are truly worthy of one another." Aragorn and Legolas exchanged glances. "We...do not understand, my Lady." said the Man. "You were to make a grave mistake in the future, Aragorn, son of Arathorn."said Ossë. "You would bind yourself to one you thought you loved, only to discover later the one on which your life depends is gone." "With Legolas Thranduilion by your side, as your mate, you will have the strength necessary to lead." said Elwë. Neither Man nor Elf could bring themselves to look at one another. "This battle was a requisite," said Uinen, "not for you to save the Man's life, Legolas, but for us to show you the depths of your own passion for him." "And you, Aragorn," said Ossë. "Had you not been forced to face your feelings, you would have denied your loving dedication once the scion of Oropher had confessed his." "Go now...and be together as the ritual has determined." said Elwë. With that, the three bowed, as did the Elf and Man. The trio retreated into the trees and water could be heard sluicing and rippling into a whirlwind, then was silent. It was a few minutes before the Elf finally said, "You love me." Aragorn slowly nodded. "Yes...I do." "...as I love you." They turned to an odd sound, like low rumbling. The corpse of the wolf was gone. It was the Bengal cub, now on its back, purring and extending an inviting paw to them. It appeared...pleased for them. It stood, shook off the debris from the soil and struggle and bounded its way in the direction of the lake, and the splashing and trickling of water was heard once again. "In your dreams," Legolas asked, "What...were you?" "I...was a wolf." He awaited a moment before asking, "What were you?" When no answer came, he looked at his friend, who had the most tormented face. "What is it?" Aragorn softly asked. With great reluctance, the Elf said, "So was I." "What do you mean?" His eyes floated closed in horror. "I...was a wolf as well. The one that would attack you...and kill you." He lowered his head. "I thought it was because of my growing affection for you, the regret manifesting itself in such a gruesome scenario. Now I see the wolf was my own obstinate will, refusing to tell you how I felt." Aragorn thought about this and said, "The cat..." "What?" "The cat I saw in the water in my dreams...it was a dormant image of you. It gave me great peace and calmness." Legolas mused on this and said, "It was the Spirit of Uinen, reassuring you of the future." They finally looked at each other and embraced feverishly. The Man almost became undone at last being able to freely hold and touch the Elf. Legolas began to shake in the human's arms and could not stop, his movements almost twitching as he ran his hands up and down the man's body. Their foreheads touched and they hesitantly kissed, then again. Eventually, it was slowly, fully, unhurried. They worshiped one another's unique tastes and different textures and curious flavors. After it ended, Aragorn said, "Let us return to camp." The trembling Elf readily agreed. "Yes...let's. " As they made their way back to the fire, they both knew they were about to feast on the best flesh in all of Middle-Earth. And would, for the rest of their days together. The End P.S. THANX for reading! The Elven Ritual was invented by me. The paragraph at the start of the story came from The Encyclopedia of Arda, as did the info about the big wolf. Rana means moon. Anor means Sun. If you wish to visit my Aragorn/Legolas Slash Haven Archive, email me for the link!