quiet to suit Gwin, so he decided to stir up a little trouble by stirring you up." "I do not 'stir up,' sir," Aragorn shot back. "And if I did 'stir up,' Gwinthorian would certainly not be the one to stir me up." "Things were apparently too quiet to suit you as well, for you allowed him to goad you into --" Another snort. "Goad indeed." I chuckled. "Goad you into a provoked state by saying that a mere man could never perform such a trick and that you were wasting your time and mine and taxing poor Asfaloth needlessly." "Little pest of an elf," Aragorn muttered. "Halbarad warned Gwin to stop, but Gwin was being most irritating and you were determined to prove him wrong about the strength and capabilities of men." "And you are, again, enjoying this too much, sir." He withdrew his pipe and pretended to study it. "I told Pippin that story because I was trying to make a point --" "Exactly what you told me two years ago. You were '. . . trying to make a point.' Well, you made your point then, also, but not the one you had meant to. You proved Gwin right, that men are not able to do what he dared you to do. And you suffered a broken arm and two broken ribs, proving Gwin's point for him." "I reported the injuries accurately in my story," he grumbled. "So I heard. And according to everything else I heard, that is about all you reported accurately." "Legolas --" "You will allow that it is much less humiliating for a twelve-year old boy to be spanked for such naughty disobedience years and years ago than it is for a grown man, a warrior, a Ranger to be spanked for it now." "Not 'now.' Then. It happened two years ago. I was two years younger then." "And Glorfindel did not spank you, nor did I." He turned and glared at me. "I was not about to tell Peregrin Took that Halbaradmy lieutenant , had spanked me twoyears agofor my foolish choices! The parallel in our stories was my goal, and it was similar enough. I only had to alter a few small facts." I gasped and chuckled. "A few small facts? Aragorn, you re-wrote the entire incident!" "Well --" "Glorfindel playing nursemaid? Glorfindel staying behind in Imladris to 'watch over' a twelve year old human?" This time I burst out laughing. "Legolas." Aragorn glanced around. "Hush." "Hush indeed! Aragorn, you fabricated a whole new story! You took an incident that bore but a little resemblance to this matter and carved it up to suit your means." I 'tsked' with superficial reproach. "I am appalled, sir. It was a wicked falsehood to tell a trusting hobbit." "Oh, for mercy's sa --" He actually rolled his eyes. "A 'white' lie, sir." "You once told me there was no such thing." He studied his pipe again. "It depends." "Aye! On who is telling it!" "Nay, it depends on the good it does. This small white lie achieved my goal, and no harm was done." I shook my head and narrowed my eyes at the stars. "Perhaps we should save this discussion for when we next meet up with Halbarad and Gwin. I feel certain your first lieutenant will have a strong opinion on 'white lies.'" Aragorn grew still. He probably knew me to be in jest, nevertheless, he said, "I do not think it necessary to burden Hal with something so trivial." "Hal?" "Halbarad." I grinned. "Perhaps you are right. He would no doubt bid you stand and confess yourself a lying knave in front of Pippin, then make you tell the truth." He turned to me with a menacing, lazy smile. "Legolas --" "And you would want to stand, for Halbarad would have heated your backside so soundly, sitting would no longer be an option." "That is enough, bratling elf. You are going too far." "And he would likely resort to soap for the outright audacity of the deception." Aragorn paused. "Ah. Soap. I have a duty to perform with a certain young hobbit and soap tomorrow." "You are changing the subject, Lirnir-hên. " "What did you call him?" Aragorn and I both flinched at Boromir's sudden question. We had been too distracted with our quibbling to notice his approach. "You called him something elvish, yes?" Boromir sat down next to me and glanced back and forth between Aragorn and myself. "What was it?" I sat up and exchanged a blank look with Aragorn. Boromir watched us with growing interest. "Was it something vulgar?" "No!" "Of course not!" "Well then?" I cast Aragorn a small grin. He looked composed, but I knew him. His eyes held that 'do not' glow. I cannot say the look was unfamiliar to me. The last time I had seen it was at the Counsel of Elrond when I had chosen to ignore it. But I understood his reluctance to let Boromir know of his 'Ranger-child' name, so I casually said, "It translates in the Common Tongue as something like . . . 'my lord.'" "Oh. Is that all?" Boromir grinned at Aragorn. "I have learned my first elvish, Lirnir-hên ." Aragorn closed his eyes very slowly and took a breath, clearly summoning patience while I near bit a hole in my tongue to keep from exploding with laughter. My eyes watered from the effort. Meanwhile, Boromir muttered to himself several times, " Lirnir-hên . . . Lirnir-hên . . . hmm, it is awkward. I much prefer 'my lord.'" "So do I!" Aragorn exclaimed, his eyes flying open. "Then I shall stick to the Westron, if it is all the same to you, my lord." "Thank you, Boromir." "And I shall stick to Lirnir-hên ," I said, sharing a quiet smile with Aragorn. "On occasion." "Thank you, Legolas," he replied, his eyes glittering with warm and loving lights. End Ranger-child Chapter VII Epilogue: Solace of the Heart