He grows eager, as well! I behave more, light-headed with hope. His needs are catching up to him! He nuzzles my shaking legs apart wider and his mouth moves lower. He loves to leave nothing untasted. When he first did this to me I lost all control. I lost it time after time. A bit humbling. But it served to amuse him. " You will learn, beloved," he had told me. " I shall always want to do this to you, so you will learn to discipline your urges whilst I play. Practice, sir. I shall see you have many opportunities to practice this discipline." And he did, and I did learn a small measure of his wretched, sweet, terrible discipline. But tonight, ohhhhh tonight! I writhe beneath him as he plays and plays between my legs. I stare up through the high treetops to the black, star-speckled sky . . . try to count the dots of light . . . . Utter folly! Pure waste of effort. My gasping mouth goes dry. I must wriggle away! Escape what he is doing to me! But he holds my hips in a firm grasp lest I forget myself and writhe too much. I can, in fact, scarce move at all. But my heart pulsates wildly. Time to beg. "Pleasepleaseplease! Pleeeeease, I-I cannot --" "You can." "No, t-t-truly, I-I-I canno --" "Hush. You can, sir. And you will." But again, there is that hungry tone in his voice and that eagerness in his movements. Again I dare to hope. He tickles and licks but a few minutes more, then he leaves me with a sealing kiss and kneels up. Grabbing his tunic, he searches the many pockets until he finds the small packet of special liquid. Never unprepared. His eyes positively glitter. "Are you ready, sweetling?" I glare up at him. He chuckles, still gazing at me whilst readying himself, and then me. In the beginning, my impatience with this necessary step was imprudent. " Stop that. This must be done, beloved. I shall hurt you otherwise. So lie quietly now. Patience." Cursed word. Several times I argued and ended up with a hotter backside and a horribly longer wait. So now I lie quietly and endure and sometimes he takes forever to prepare me, enjoying the play of it, stroking my special place within and grinning at my desperate cries. But thank the Valar for his own need tonight. He is lovingly efficient, tickling me inside but a little. "So well disciplined." He grins when finished. "You have been very good." And now, at last, he lifts my legs, spreading them, moving between them, lifting more. He gazes down at our joining point, guiding himself, watching himself enter me, and the intimacy of that makes me near shatter. I cannot look. I close my eyes, quivering, and I squeeze his cloak in my now-sore hands. I try not to spend, try to breathe, try to . . . he has stopped moving. My eyes fly open. He is holding still, kneeling, studying me, waiting with perfect authority. "Look at me. Do not hide your beautiful eyes, sweetling. You know that is not allowed." "S-Sorry, sorry, sorry! So sorry!" Another indulgent grin and a wink. Then he swirls the tip of himself around my opening, spreading his moisture, coating me yet again, all the while holding my blurry gaze. His mesmerizing voice flows over me: "There, there now pretty one. Such trembling! Shhh, you have been so well behaved. I am proud of you." And at last he guides himself inside me, pushing tenderly but insistently. For now he, too, is shaking. He glides within, slow inch by glorious slow inch. I open as widely as possible, wanting more, wanting all of him now, now, now! And of course, he stops and raises a brow at me. "Enough of that impertinence. Patience, little one. Patience." Oh how I detest that word! XXXXXXXXXX "Mmmmmmmmm," he purrs. I grin, cuddling him closer. My sweetly sated youngling. I respond in kind: "Mmmmmmmmm." He has recovered enough to speak. "Do we have time for more?" I laugh softly, gazing down at him. "Insatiable bratling!" He flashes me his shy grin, delighting in my soft scolding. I kiss his delicious mouth. "Indeed. Soon. Be patient." "How I hate that word." "I know you do, sweetling." "Loathsome word!" "If you wouldst rather not bother to exercise patience we can return to camp at once." "Noooo!" He hugs himself closer to me. Mmmm. Still naked. Lying stretched out atop me. His warm skin pressed to mine . . . he will not need to exercise his hateful patience for long. "You know, you are very good at that," he murmurs, kissing my chest. I chuckle warmly. "Thank you, sweetling. So are you." He lifts his head to gaze at me. "I am?" he asks, wide-eyed. I smile at his youthful tone, so guileless and wholly trusting. "Indeed, little one. Very good." He grins, adorably pleased with himself, and wiggles down upon me again. Taking him after a spanking, when he has few defenses, may seem unbefitting. Unfair advantage. But what folly! The first one to object to such a notion, and to object the loudest, would be this little one curled up upon me. So such nonsense did not take root within me. He is entirely mine after a spanking. Making him even more mine, seating myself within him and loving him to a weeping state, then pouring my essence into him, claiming him as mine in the most intimate of ways – awww, it is sublimely transcendent for both of us. "Are you ready yet?" I laugh and reach down and give his well-spanked bottom a small swat and he yelps and reaches back to rub and turns the sweetest pout upon me. I think myself the luckiest warrior in Middle Earth. "Soon, little one. Patience." "I hate that vile wo --" "Indeed, sweetling. I know." end