I struggled to sit up, saying, "Come! We should go talk to Aragorn at once." "Shhhh, hush now." Legolas took hold of my arms and kissed my brow. "Come, little brother," he murmured firmly guiding me back down. "Sleep but a little now. There will be time for apologies later. You are too weary at present for more." "Well . . . maybe I'll sleep . . . just a little," I replied with another yawn. Legolas sniffed his small grin. He rearranged us one more time until I was half-laying across him on my side as he held me. "Aye. How wise you are, sweetling. You will achieve nothing when you are this tired. Sleep. Then you will be more able to face Aragorn." So sleepy. His tunic felt soft beneath my face, his body warm and inviting. I closed my eyes, muttering, "Your watch is next. Wake me . . . I shall go with you . . . we can talk to him . . . then." "Shhhh." I was quiet for a moment, then something drifted into my mind, a snatch of the tune from earlier, something Pippin had sung. "That song Pippin sang tonight, I . . . I remember it from when I was a child. I think Thorongil must have sung it to me . . . I mean . . . I mean Aragorn." Legolas was silent, then he said, "Ah, I think you speak of The Fall of Gil-galad . An ancient song. From what I hear, Bilbo translated it. No doubt that is how Pippin learned it." "Pippin could not recall all the words tonight," I said, and Legolas sniffed another smile. "I've always liked it . . . that tune . . . it . . . it reminds me . . . reminds me . . . . Legolas began humming softly, the very tune, sweet and low and intimate, carried through his body and into mine on a clear and perfect elven voice. It was the last thing I remembered. XXXXXXXXXX Boromir's moans were low at first. I glanced down, seeing at once the tightness in his features, the movement behind his eyelids as he watched something dreadful playing through his mind. Pulling him closer, I reached up and smoothed my palm over his hair, saying, "Shhhh." But he wrenched free of me, suddenly violent, twisting onto his back, his head tossing while continuous, muttered, "nononooo's" ground from his throat. "Faramir . . . ." he moaned. "NO! Fire! NO!" He jerked his arms around as if fighting off an invisible foe, still moaning, louder now, "Faramir! NOOOOOO!" It took some doing to avoid his flailing limbs, but I grasped him, locking my arms about his, and dragged him over to me again, eager to quiet him lest the others were disturbed. From the corner of my eye I could see the halflings stirring and shifting. I didn't want to wake Boromir but there seemed little else I could do. "Shhhhhhh," I ordered, firmly but gently. "Boromir, hear me. Wake up." He had stopped thrashing about, so I pulled him back and shifted him until he lay cradled in my arms, facing me. I gazed down, watching him release a few more low, anxious moans, then I leaned over and softly kissed his mouth, halting his cries. "Wake up, little brother," I said. "Shhh. Just a dream. Come back to me now. A bad dream, nothing more." Boromir's eyelids lifted a bit. He blinked slowly several times, and then he looked up at me, dazed and groggy, but becoming aware now, raw bewilderment in his eyes. "You had a nightmare." I stroked his face with the backs of my fingers. "But all is well, dear little brother. Shhh. Breathe easy now. Good. Look at me, just at me. All is well now." He listened to my murmuring, blinking away tears. "I couldn't get to him," he said, his voice quavering. "I tried to run, but, it . . . it was so hard . . . I was moving so slowly, so slowly . . . ." "Go on. Tell me all. Let us be rid of it." "I couldn't get to him, and Faramir . . . Faramir was burning!" I drew him against me and held my distraught little brother, feeling his great body shudder, but soon Boromir began to relax and I pulled him back to gaze at him. Looking tired, but calm, he returned my gaze. A few tears slipped from the corners of his eyes. I caught them, then I held my glistening finger up, saying, "Look. Your nightmare." He focused on the wet tears balanced on my fingertip, then I flung them off to one side. "Gone. All gone now." He stared at me for a long moment, his look one of pure astonishment, then he suddenly released a small laugh. "You preposterous elf," he chuckled. "I am no child that you should treat me so." "That depends on one's point of view, little brother." I grinned back. "But you are here with me, and you are safe, for I shall permit no harmful dream to assault you, and wherever Faramir is, Damrod watches over him, and the bad dream is now flung to the wind." "Ah," he said, "the wisdom of big brothers." I kissed his brow and guided his head down to my chest again, resting my cheek against his hair, and then I lifted my head a moment later to make certain the hobbits were still sleeping and I saw a lone figure standing at the periphery of the light. How long he had been standing there I could not say, but Aragorn was close enough to have heard and seen all with his sharp Ranger's gaze and hearing. I froze, a sick feeling in my stomach. He approached silently, looked down at us, and said, "Your watch." End of Chapter I Ranger-child to be continued -- 27