toe was longer than his great one, if not as wide. Sam's were shorter than these, and nowhere as elegant. Frodo-lad's resembled his father's, although they were a bit narrower than Sam's. Aragorn began to follow the tracks, and the rest trailed after him as he went the full span of the stone court, then turned back toward where the tracks started, there in the very center of the square of pavement. Now they spread out, looking down at the evidence someone had lain, curled up on his side here. "He started on his right side, his right arm somewhat stretched out," Aragorn noted. "Yes," Merry said, and such was his tone of voice that all looked to him, seeing the unshed tears of delight and awe in his eyes. "He used to sleep that way, you know. Certainly he always did when I was a little one, and I'd sleep on his arm and put it to sleep!" Arwen leaned over and picked up something from the disturbed snow where obviously a Hobbit had lain, then rose and turned. "Here, melleth nín --how is it the leaves from the White Tree lie here?" She handed it to her husband, and he turned it in his fingers before gesturing Sam and Frodo-lad to come forward. "It's not from your White Tree, though," Sam said, shaking his head. "It's larger'n any leaf as I've seen on the tree in the White City." "And it's--it's purer, if you take my meaning," added his son. The others crowded closer, although they avoided the place where someone had apparently lain in the snow. Pippin reached out to gently stroke it. "But how could it have come here?" he asked. Melian had reached to pick up two more leaves, and Eldarion crouched down to carefully lift a dried blossom, rising to show them to the others. "He was sleeping beneath the White Tree--there--there on Tol Eressëa!" murmured Merry, his voice tight with emotion. Aragorn swept the courtyard with his gaze. "There are no footprints leading here, and none would have come here during the storm last night," he commented, looking at how the snow had drifted high against the building. "What are the shapes on the bench?" asked Melian, indicating the one to which the footprints led. Again avoiding the footprints of the now-missing visitor, they returned to the bench. None touched it. They could easily see where the snow had been scooped from to form the three shapes. "He used to do this, back at Bag End," Sam said, his brow furrowed. "Every year, the first snowfall, he'd make shapes like these on the garden bench, and would be ever so disappointed-like if'n anyone disturbed them." "He did them at Brandy Hall, too," Merry agreed. "First snowfall. Always. Never told me why--only it was something Bilbo told him about." Aragorn nodded at the information. The shapes seemed familiar, somehow. He'd seen something like the central one. "That one's definitely a bottle, and I'd say that one's a loaf of bread," Frodo-lad said. "But that one in the middle----" But the identity of the two side figures had sparked the memory in the Man. "Haradri!" he said. "It's Haradri! There's a custom when the rains begin to fall! They do three mud figures--a monkey, a bottle, and a loaf of bread, although in Haradri tradition they are usually round, not a loaf-shape such as we use. They symbolize the hope for prosperity--or at least freedom from want for food and drink--for the coming year. I saw them during my last trip to Harad, and An'Ankhrabi made his own figures in the garden of the Farozi's house. The longer they last in the rains, the more luck the house is supposed to garner, although they are not to be protected from the weather in any way." "But what would Mr. Frodo know of the ways of those folk from Harad afore we left the Shire, even?" asked Sam, clearly bewildered. But Pippin was starting to smile lopsidedly as he worked it out. "No--Merry said Frodo told him Bilbo taught him." "But how would Old Mr. Bilbo know nothin' about what Southrons do?" persisted Sam. Pippin raised his eyes from the figures to meet those of the gardener. "He would have been told by someone who had the chance to know! And I'd place my money on that someone being Isengar Took!" He wiped more moisture from his hair, smiling as he found a white petal adhering to the back of his hand. He immediately determined to preserve it if he could. Sam looked at him blankly for a moment. "Isengar Took? Who's--wait! You mean the old mad Took what went off to sail the seas?" Pippin smiled more broadly. "Oh, yes--that one. It's said he served as cabin boy on at least one ship--maybe two! He used to tell my grandda about such things as monkeys and all! And Grandda loved the tales, not that he necessarily believed them." "Well," said Sam. "Who'd of thunk?" Indeed, who would have thought of such a custom, there in the Shire? But it was Frodo-lad who found the handprint where the sculptor of snow had steadied himself when he started to slip--the print of the right hand, with one finger clearly missing! ******* He woke beneath the White Tree, sitting up in confusion. Nearby he smelled the odor of pipe smoke. Olórin had taken on the Wizard's shape he'd worn for so long, and he was puffing at his pipe, his head wreathed in smoke rings. He laughed at the sight, and Gandalf paused in his smoking, taking the pipe from his mouth, "Well--awake at last! And did you enjoy your dreams?" Very much so! Frodo started to smile and rubbed absently at his head, then stopped, looking in surprise first at his hand and then at his feet. His hand was cold, cold and damp; and in the hair atop his feet could be clearly seen melting snow.