in disgust. Her breath came out in a silvery flume. Moving very slowly, she brandished her knife once more and turned to investigate the sound at the back of the barrow. She had barely gone three paces when the air became a frigid wall. Hireth screamed. Two malevolent eyes glared down at Haleth. A shadowy sword suddenly thrust at her from the darkness. Haleth grunted and twisted out of the way. Her movements were slow, as though she was suspended in syrup. The sword slid slowly past her as she fell onto her back. There was a crash behind her and then Inglor's voice filled the barrow. He sang in a language Haleth did not understand but his voice was clear and beautiful. A shriek of despair erupted from the Barrow-wight. It was very loud but quickly faded as though it was moving away at great speed. The sword clattered to the ground. Haleth's relief was short-lived. There was an enormous crash. Something heavy hit her square in the stomach, knocking the wind out of her. 'Haleth. Haleth!' cried Inglor as Haleth fought to draw breath. She could not speak but she could see perfectly. Inglor leapt over the treasure to reach her while, behind him, Hireth grabbed the harp. Haleth tried to shout a warning but her breath came in tiny, painful sobs. The sound of harp strings filled the barrow. It was immediately obvious from the discordant cacophony that the harp had not been tuned in years. It was equally obvious that Hireth did not know how to play it. This did not appear to deter Hireth. She smiled triumphantly as she began to sing. Oh Inglor, fairest of the fair Long of leg and golden of hair Forget the one who lies there dead Come! And follow me instead! Inglor stopped in his tracks, a puzzled expression on his face. To Haleth's horror, he slowly spun around and walked back to Hireth who was strumming the out of tune harp strings with one hand and holding out her other hand to him. 'No!' It should have been a despairing shriek but all Haleth could manage was a pathetic whisper. Inglor would leave her here, fresh meat for the Barrow-wights, and this Hireth creature would take her place. Of course he would choose Hireth over her. It was inevitable. Hireth was Haleth only much improved; younger, prettier, stronger, better dressed and with much better manners. No wonder Inglor had chosen Hireth. It was bound to happen, even without the magical harp. Haleth's eyes stung with unshed tears as Inglor reached out to take Hireth's hand. Hireth's smile became beatific. 'I win!' the younger woman sang. Then Inglor's hand slid past Hireth's to grasp the harp. 'May I see this, please?' he asked. Hireth's grip tightened on the instrument. She was no longer smiling. 'Thank-you,' said Inglor as he easily plucked the harp out of Hireth's hand. 'But how can you?' she babbled as Inglor turned the harp over and over, examining it minutely. 'You were supposed to…' she continued. Haleth found she could mostly breathe again. She rolled onto her side, watching the display with interest. 'It wasn't supposed to end this way!' Hireth exploded, stamping her foot. 'My, my, such a temper,' said Haleth as she painfully dragged herself to her knees. 'You were supposed to love me !' Hireth screamed at Inglor. 'You're mine !' Inglor lowered the harp. He seemed to grow taller and his eyes shone intensely 'I am not your property,' he said coldly. 'Day is breaking. I believe you should be on your way.' Hireth whirled on her heel and fled, leaving a long, despairing cry in her wake. It sounded like an echo of the Barrow-wight. 'Good riddance,' gasped Haleth as she limped over to Inglor, who was studying the harp once again. 'So…why didn't it work?' she wondered. Perhaps Elves were immune to Dwarven magic. 'The air is foul. Let us leave this place.' He walked out of the barrow, still holding the harp. Haleth dragged herself after him. Her chest was burning and there was a dull ache in her stomach. Inglor paused and held the harp up to the golden light of the morning sun. Then, to her shock, he pulled out a short blade and scraped the golden surface. 'As I thought,' he said serenely. 'This is a forgery.' 'How do you know?' asked Haleth. All that work for nothing! Well, not nothing, exactly. Hireth was gone and that was a vast improvement. 'I suspected.' 'You only suspected when it didn't work on you,' said Haleth. 'When what didn't work on me?' asked Inglor, bewildered. 'When Hireth's love song didn't work!' she exclaimed. 'What?' he asked. 'You know… Oh Inglor fairest of the fair and all that. She was hoping to bewitch you.' 'That would have had no effect on me even if this was the Harp of Gamal Zirak,' he said with complete certainty. 'Oh, really?' said Haleth skeptically. 'Yes.' 'Then how did you know it was a forgery?' He held the harp up again. Sunlight glimmered on the gems and the golden strings. It was lovely to behold. 'It is too perfect,' he said. Haleth's jaw dropped open in silent protest. 'A thing like the Harp of Gamal Zirak is very powerful. It is best to not make such things so shiny and obvious. They attract far too much attention to themselves, and for the wrong reasons. This harp is very pretty, but it is not the one we seek.' Haleth glowered into the West. The forest was a dark smudge on the horizon. 'Then we'll have to keep looking. We'll need more supplies. I'll get the water. You get the wood.' A huge thank-you goes to Raven, for beta-reading this first thing on a weekend morning with me breathing down the back of her neck. Another huge thank-you goes to Sophia. Je vous remercier. This story is dedicated a certain young lady on Skyrock.