towards her, snaking out a long arm to catch her as she tried to dodge behind a chair. "Not so fast, my pretty one. You are right," he said as he pulled her to him, burying his lips into that delectate spot just below her ear. "I am very, very hungry." She smelt superb, sweet jasmine. She wore it always. Lothíriel giggled; the wonderful deep, throaty giggle that only he ever heard. "The lion may be hungry for love, but he needs his meat or his roar will diminish." But she mewed with pleasure and made no protest when Éomer let his lips travel from her ear along her jaw line to her chin and then up, brushing her mouth and kissing the end of her nose. He kissed each eye and then the middle of her forehead. "Turn around." The ribbon undid easily and Éomer gently pulled her braid apart. Skilfully he teased the hair with his fingers until it fell down her back in long wavy tresses, and then he pulled her round to face him. The girdle came off next, to be thrown over a nearby chair. Then after a struggle with a few laces he hitched his hands into the neck of her woollen gown, easing it off her shoulders. A sigh of satisfaction escaped him as he uncovered the pale diaphanous garment beneath the wool. The overgown puddled on the floor and Éomer lifted one slim arm pushing the thin silver bangles up to enable him to plant his lips on the inside of a sensitive wrist. His lips travelled past the bangles, brushed the inside of her elbow and skimmed a silk-clad shoulder, finally to claim her eager lips. Her body arched against his, so invitingly soft and warm through the thin material, but he refrained from doing anything other than holding her, letting his need for her wash over him in waves of delightful anticipation. "Have you any idea how much I desire you at this moment, my lady wife?" He whispered the words into one delicate ear. Another throaty giggle rewarded him. "You always did. Right from the moment you treated me to a drunken grope. Forcing me to take appropriate measures, I might add." Holding her so close he felt her mirth spiral upwards before the chuckle escaped her mouth. Appropriate measures! A kick from an angry mule would have given him less pain. He nuzzled against her hair. "Very ladylike, don't you think? Why didn't you just tell me who you were? It would have saved a lot of bother." "Tell you? You could have been anyone, and were hardly in any fit state to listen. I didn't imagine for one moment that you were royalty." Guilt still spiked him occasionally over his behaviour that night but he raised an eyebrow in pretended indignation. "What about the shock I had when Imrahil introduced me to his cherished daughter. How you kept that sanguine expression when I stared so stupidly at you, I shall never know." "Years of practice," she chuckled, "which stands me in good stead now that I have to behave like a queen. Besides, I had no wish for my father to find out what I had been up to." She reached up, pushing back a lock of hair that had fallen across his face. One finger traced down to his chin. "Did you desire me quite so much in my decorous grey garb?" Éomer caught the finger between his lips and nibbled gently. "Much more, imagining what might be underneath," He remembered the way he'd kept apologising as soon as they had had a moment to speak in private. And then all the circling around her he had done in the months afterwards, never daring to say what was in his heart. "I was just so scared of offending you again that it took until that time in Emyn Arnen for me to tell you so." Lothíriel leant back, laughing up into his face, "And, Éomer son of Éomund, lady-killer of our time, you would not have done so then had I not taken the initiative and kissed you." "Very forward for a strictly brought up young lady, I thought." Another soft chuckle. "I don't think my father realises to this day. It took him ages to work up to telling me he intended to speak to you. And when he did, I sat there with my most demure face pretending I felt it my duty to agree to the scheme." "I have to admit I found it amusing," Éomer agreed, remembering the look of apprehension on Imrahil's face when he'd approached him with the idea. The Prince not knowing that he and Lothíriel had already decided they wanted to marry each other. "He was on tenterhooks when I said I would have to refer the matter to the council." She put her head to one side looking up at him, lips curved in a wicked smile. "What would you have done had they said no?" "What? And miss out on all that dowry; I know them better than that." He waited for the inevitable reply. "So sir, you married me for my dowry?" "Lothíriel, you are the most aggravating, provoking, unpredictable, beautiful woman I have ever imagined meeting. I married you because I love you more than life itself. And well you know it." "Hmm… well if you put it like that." Their lips met again and agile hands buried into his hair as he tasted her very essence. "You must eat, my lord, or your food will get cold." Her words came breathless as they broke apart. Éomer let his hands cradle her face, drinking in the beauty of her. Huge eyes that glittered with desire, the moonlight turning grey to silver. "My roar will never diminish as long as I have you, Lothíriel. But I will eat and you will dance for me." The end Thanks to Lia who read this again and again.LBJ