long moment, and then sighed. "My people patrol much of the northern territory, which was once a great kingdom. The Shire is a part of those lands." "Oh." Merry didn't know how to respond to that. It seemed somehow ungracious to resent the help of Men who were, after all, only doing what they thought best. He looked down, chewing his lip as he studied the tops of his feet. They sat in silence for a time, broken only by the twitter of birds overhead and the slow scrape of Aragorn's whetstone. Merry rubbed one foot over the other, trying to dislodge some of the dried bits of mud that had tangled in his hair. He would have to wash properly before they set out tonight, and best make sure that Pippin washed as well. He didn't think the lad had taken a bath since they left Rivendell – an unconscionably long time for a respectable Hobbit. "Is there something wrong, Meriadoc?" Better borrow a brush from Sam, too, Merry was thinking. I didn't remember mine, we were in such a hurry, but I'll bet Sam has one in his pack. He concentrated fiercely on these trivialities, trying to ignore the sick feeling in his stomach. "Merry?" Aragorn laid a hand on his shoulder. Merry could feel it, warm through the fabric of his shirt. Aragorn's hands were rough and calloused and covered in small nicks and scratches, and the nails were black with dirt. For all the gentleness of the Man's touch, Merry could not help but be aware that he was a warrior, used to battle and bloodshed. Aragorn's hand felt hard and strong and capable and above all very big , so large that it spanned Merry's whole upper arm. He swallowed. "I didn't know." His voice sounded very small to his ears. "I thought that the Bounders… I didn't know." Aragorn squeezed his shoulder gently and then released him. "I have never doubted the valor of Hobbits, Mr. Brandybuck," he said. "We kept watch on the Shire, and we counted ourselves fortunate to play a role in keeping it safe. But never think that the Hobbits could not defend themselves as well. Indeed, all of Middle-earth has reason to be grateful for the courage of Hobbits." He means the Ring, Merry thought. But that was Frodo's burden, not his. What about all the ordinary Hobbits who never even knew that the Ring existed? He thought of all the stories he had heard about Hobbit valor – the archers who went to fight for Gondor, and the Hobbits who beat back the white wolves during the Fell Winter, and the Bullroarer who had once led the force that defeated a band of Orcs. Great and thrilling tales they had seemed in his youth, but somehow they paled next to the battle-hardened Man at his side. Aragorn could probably take on a whole pack of Orcs by himself – what did it matter to him if the greatest Hobbit in history was tall enough to ride a horse? Would Aragorn have stayed awake if it were Boromir on watch now, instead of Merry? He talked of Hobbits defending themselves, but apparently they could not do so without some Big Person looking over them, ready to step in if they got into trouble. Aragorn turned his attention back to his sword, now rubbing a polishing cloth over the blade. Watching him, Merry was suddenly aware of a horrible feeling of lightness at his hip. He reached down, fumbling at his belt, but his sword was not there. He looked around guiltily, and spotted a gleam of metal by his pack. Stupid, he thought, making his way back across the clearing to retrieve it. How could he expect to be treated as a warrior in the Fellowship if he didn't even have the sense to take his sword when he was on watch? He fished between the piled bags, trying to withdraw it without disturbing the nearby sleeping Hobbits. None of the Big Folk seemed to go anywhere without being fully armed at all times. Aragorn practically slept with his sword, and Merry had never seen Gimli or Boromir without some weapon at hand. He was fairly sure that Legolas even took a knife with him when he bathed. The only members of the Fellowship without a warrior's instinctive connection to their weapons were the Hobbits. Well that's going to change, Merry thought as he pulled the blade free with a grunt. Hobbits might not be great warriors, or even particularly good ones, but they could learn. He was just getting to his feet when Legolas arose. Merry didn't know if it was the noise he had made getting his sword or something else that had awakened him, but the Elf seemed perfectly alert. He nodded to Merry as he buckled on his quiver and then picked up his bow. He looked at Aragorn then, and without a word the Man stood and sheathed his sword. "We'll return shortly," Aragorn said quietly, patting Merry's shoulder as he passed. "Stay on guard." Merry nodded. They were going to scout ahead, of course, as they always did before the Fellowship set out in the evening. And doubtless they would be listening the whole time, in case there was trouble back in camp. Aragorn joined Legolas, and Merry's sharp ears caught his whispered greeting. "About time. I thought you were going to sleep the whole day away." "There was little chance of that," Legolas returned, leading the way between the trees. "You make as much noise as a wounded múmak, scraping stones about. You'll wear that sword so thin that it's useless, if you keep sharpening it every time you have watch." They vanished into the forest. Merry sat down again on the tree stump, gripping his sword tightly in one hand. Stay on guard, Aragorn had said. And he would. He'd keep close watch over the Fellowship, even if he wasn't needed.