us?" demanded the wights. "I am the King Elessar Envinyatar Telcontar!" proclaimed Aragorn. "Do you wish to be freed from the bindings that brought and hold you here?" The response was almost a shriek of derision and rage. "You are mere mortals!" one of the wights challenged. "You have no authority over us!" "Perhaps so, or perhaps you are wrong. I ask again—would you be freed from what binds you here?" "Free to do what?" "Perhaps free to be as you were intended?" suggested the King. "I have examined the spells set about this place, spells intended to protect those who pass by the barrows. Those spells were not designed to hold any against their wills, not as long as they did not display a will to harm any outside of this place. If you are willing to lay aside evil intentions, you may go where you please." A lesser wight pushed past the one who'd taken the role of spokesman. "Do you mean that we can perhaps leave the bounds of Arda?" it whined. Was there a hint of hope in that question? "Do you wish to return to the Timeless Halls? I cannot say for certain what awaits you once you leave the Barrow-downs, but certainly it cannot be worse than what you've known for the past two thousand years, can it? Are you willing to lay aside your will to evil?" He focused his attention solely on the smaller spirit. There was an incomprehensible rumble about them. It appeared that the wights were debating amongst themselves as to what they ought to do. The five mortals watched about themselves warily, but with growing confidence. Sometimes they could clearly see shapes forming here or there, but then those shapes would as quickly dissolve again into swirling mist. At first they oft saw slavering fangs and burning eyes; but as the debate continued the shapes became more generally similar to the bodies of the Children of Ilúvatar, and the distortions began to diminish. At one point the howling became piercing in its intensity, and again the air grew cold, almost as if winter were ready to take hold of the land about them in spite of the fact they were approaching the summer solstice. Pippin raised Trollsbane, his guard intensified. Another voice answered the howl, calmer but still powerful, and in time the general cacophony began to reflect that voice's tone. At last all began to go still. Again forms became visible around them, no longer visions out of nightmares, but instead shapes that were more similar to the forms of Elves, Men, Dwarves, and Hobbits, some with a ruined beauty, some laughably ugly, but all of them—tired. "We would indeed be freed from our bonds," one of the wights told them. "Including the bonds of anger and hatred?" asked the Lord Elessar. For a moment there was quiet, but then, from all sides they could hear the word echoed, "Yes." It was not a shout, but instead sounded almost like exhausted acceptance. The eyes they could discern were watchful, but in many of them they saw an almost desperate hope growing. "If you mean it," Aragorn said. He gathered to himself the power of the Elessar stone upon his breast, and began again to sing the song Frodo had been singing in the dream. He envisioned in his heart the image of the Army of the Dead, the Oathbreakers, as they'd stood before him at Pelargir, their mission accomplished, their oaths at last fulfilled, and he sang similar Freedom for these. Pippin joined the song, then Merry, followed by Sam; and at last Arwen's descant rose above the other voices. It was a symphony of Hope Returned, of Victory, of Change. Then a new voice was heard as a wight stepped forward and joined the singing, its voice growing increasingly pleasant as it sang. Its shape began to change again, and it lost the darkness that had been discernible in it a moment before. It grew brighter, brighter and more beautiful—and then it rose up, glorious and joyful, turned at an angle away from everything, and- -And it was gone! The tiredness fell away from a few others, and now they stepped forward as had the first. They joined the singing, and the same transformation could be seen in them. More began to follow. Some followed the first out of Arda; others merely grew brighter and then appeared to fade from sight. More and more joined the singing, until at last all had been changed—or so it seemed to the five mortals. No—there remained at least a few dark spirits there, although not much more than a single handful. But surrounding them could be sensed a large number of bright entities who appeared intent on herding the dark ones into the furthest reaches of the ancient cemetery. One of these bright ones made itself nearly visible. Not all of us will leave this place, they heard in their hearts, not as long as those refuse to give over the anger that our ancient Master taught them. But we thank you! We had forgotten how to hear the Song, and you have taught us to hear It once more and to join in It again. And we thank you for that! They felt as if hands had been laid on each of them in blessing, and then they were alone. (I) From the top of the Tor Iarwain watched, a smile on his lips. "It's done," he exulted. "And the old barrows are not all deserted, but no longer all given over to dark spirits! And it seems that a few will remain, not dark but bright, to keep the fences…." And then, putting that out of his mind, Tom began singing, dancing his way across the hilltop, heading to the heart of his land, back to the company of his lady once more. And the pupa split unnoticed, and a caddis fly spread its shining wings to dry.