Be at ease. Reassured, Damrod had departed, leaving me with one positively livid young Captain of the Ithilien Rangers. Ah! Such poisonous looks from my own blood! Well, fire away, little brother mine! I was indeed staying close, especially in this crucial time when Faramir, lunatic that he was, could possibly mount up, chase off after Aragorn and his Rangers and possibly catch up to them. A truly mad thing to do, but given Faramir's mood, I could believe he was prepared to be that foolish. He had that defiantly dangerous gleam in his eye that worried me. Marking when Aragorn left, however, I knew that soon the company would be too far away for Faramir to entertain any hope of reaching them. My brother could read the position of the sun as well as I could, so he was becoming more desperate by the minute, thus his earlier attempts to remind me of my duties in Minas Tirith and now this, " I can ride that far!" argument about his fitness. His temper grew worse at every thwarted turn and I reckoned this had gone on long enough. I looked levelly at him and said, "Faramir, you are very intelligent, so surely you know that if you try to reach Aragorn and you succeed, your greatest threat will be Aragorn himself." He gazed at me in his vague, disinterested way. I forged on. "The perils of Ithilien might be merely possibilities, but two self-appointed big brothers, two quite furious big brothers, would be waiting at the end of your journey, and I vow you would find that most unpleasant. Think of that moment when you ride up to Legolas and Aragorn. Think of their faces." It seemed he did. Faramir's eyes widened and I charged through the breech in his crumbling wall of boldness. "And consider this," I said. "When Aragorn is finished with you, Legolas will be waiting to get his willful baby brother over his knee. Of course he will also want to spank his gwador laes." Faramir blinked and stared at me. "Aye, I think you recall the story I told you about when they did that to me, and believe me, sir, you do not want to suffer it. Imagine an elvish spanking on top of what Aragorn will have already done to that little boy backside." "Boromir, please!" he groaned, casting another furtive look around. "Aye, 'tis a grim prospect, youngling." And, to be honest, an unlikely one. Legolas would be burning to do it, but I doubted Aragorn would allow him to spank Faramir as well, not while my brother was yet healing. But Faramir didn't need to know that, so I embellished away: "Imagine mounting your horse to ride onward after two such spankings. Aragorn would demand that, of course. You wouldn't be able to stay encamped there in Ithilien until your bottom felt better. Legolas would pick you up and slap you down atop your saddle, right on that scalded backside." Now thoroughly scarlet-faced, Faramir went silent for a long moment, his eyes downcast. I left him to further consider the dark vision I'd given him. I was rather proud of myself. My own backside tingled after my words. But then, I had actually lived through the experience. Finally he peered up with a look of puzzled innocence and said, "If I'm as intelligent as you claim, how can you suggest me capable of such an asinine deed? Do you honestly think I'm unreasonable enough to do that, Boromir? To race off after Aragorn?" I wasn't fooled. This was one of Faramir's classic ploys, suggesting I was being absurd and unsuitably suspicious. I didn't blink. "Aye." "Alone? You think I'd ride through the precarious forests of Ithilien alone?" "Aye." He gazed at me in quiet dismay. "I am wounded, big brother." "My point exactly." "I mean I am offended! Hurt by your insinuations and lack of trust!" I smirked and 'hmmph-ed,' then I paused and narrowed my eyes. This conversation was taking on a familiar quality. "Boromir, do you truly believe me to be that witless?" "Oh, I think you have plenty of wits, Faramir. But this has nothing to do with wits and you know it. 'Tis desire beckoning you on, little brother, and the irresistible need to prove everyone wrong about your fitness. What could be better than that? It might be worth a spanking to show that you were correct all along." I smiled at his suddenly guilty frown and said, "You see? I do indeed understand, sweetling, and as far as I'm concerned anyone who's willing to accept a blistering spanking in order to get his way and prove his point is not in his right mind." And I should know, having done so myself many times. "Such a bratling shouldn't be allowed to roam about freely," I said. "Since I've stopped you from escaping to join Aragorn you're likely to soothe your wounded pride by trying some other mad stunt. So, I know this isn't what you want to hear, little urchin, but you're staying within my sights today. Best you get used to that fact. Between Damrod and I we might just be able to keep you safe from your foolish self." Faramir gasped a strangled sound and glowered at me like Pippin in a foul mood. Suddenly enraged to be facing a day hemmed in by responsible Stewards and tiresome lieutenants who would put an end to any daringly brilliant plans he might hatch, he cast back to the original cause of this suddenly confining day and blurted out, "How can you think that I intend to go against everyone's orders and somehow follow along?" Ah. Now I remembered why this all sounded familiar. He'd asked me that very question in the Houses of Healing ere the final march, so I replied now as I had then: "Because it's what I would do." end part I Foster Father of The Heart to be continued