end he had told himself that she was young and missing a little sleep would not hurt her, and anyway, what was the point of having a wife if one could not indulge oneself. He started trailing his fingers down her back. She murmured and turned to snuggle into him, but did not wake. He blew gently onto her ear. "Is it morning? It is very dark." "No," he whispered, "it is the early hours." "Then why…?"She chuckled softly when she realised what was pressing against her. She opened her arms and her legs to him and then afterwards, sighed contentedly, put her head on his chest and went back to sleep. In the morning she had teased him, 'lovemaking'? He must have been dreaming, she remembered nothing. He wondered why it had been so absolutely fulfilling. As couplings went it was nothing really special, just very, very nice. He turned to look at her. She was engaged in a deep conversation with one of his éored. The older man was explaining to her the reason why Edoras was always so clean and sweet smelling. The stream divided to provide drinking water and then to wash all waste away to the far off reed beds, where the water emerged crystal clear again. Éomer had no idea if she was interested in such things, but as usual she was paying the speaker complete attention. It was difficult for her as Sabre was particularly bad tempered and misbehaved. The mountain trail from Dunharrow did not suit him, especially first thing in the morning. Éomer knew that his stable master would soon teach the horse some manners. Not too many though, he did not wish to spoil her enjoyment, realising that part of her relished the stallion's wild ways. Suddenly he wanted to call to her, he needed to see her turn and smile at him. That lovely soft smile that would light up her face and her eyes, the one she seemed to keep just for him. All at once the truth hit, hard and unexpected; he had fallen in love with her. He immediately knew it was right, it had crept up on him and then pounced, ambushed him when he was not looking. No sooner had he acknowledged this then he realised that he had to tell her. Right now. Well at least before they reached Edoras, before they started up the road to the Golden Hall, before she faced the Council and the ceremonies. Certainly before she faced anyone likely to be spiteful and unkind to her. She needed the confidence those three little words would give her, because this morning she had sat at breakfast in Dunharrow, kept up interesting and courteous conversation with everyone and eaten absolutely nothing. Éomer looked around for inspiration. He could ride right next to her, but it would not be the same as having his arms around her when he told her. He wanted her close. Looking towards Edoras he caught sight of the standing stone, marking the spot where the road turned straight towards the gates for the last half league. Of course. It could not be better. "Thíery." She turned to face him. That lovely smile. "You see that stone about half a league from the gates?" "Yes," she nodded. "When we get there I want us to race the rest of the way. Gallop straight through the gates." He immediately heard the appreciative murmur from his men. "But there are many people there, inside as well as outside," she replied cautiously. "The gate guards will clear them as soon as they see us coming. Théodred, Éowyn and I used to do it all the time. Of course," he laughed, "then we had to walk our own horses to cool them off." "I suppose if you are sure, Sabre could certainly do with the run, but," she grinned, "do you really want your people to see you bested by a woman?" That was exactly what he did want, but he laughed, "I can handle it. There will not be much room to pull up inside the gates. You go right and I will go left." As soon as the guards realised the race was on, the wagering started. Not of course who would win, but by how much their new Queen would beat their King. He was about three lengths behind her when she flew into Edoras. Just as he expected, pulling Sabre up so quickly caused the horse to rear and then sidestep madly around the cleared circle, giving the appreciative crowd a wonderful display of her riding skills. She was flushed and black hair was escaping in little tendrils around her face. She looked utterly delightful. Éomer motioned to someone to hold her horse, "Come on, Thíery ride the rest of the way with me." Not wishing to bring Sabre too close to Firefoot, she jumped down and Éomer lifted her up in front of him to the general cheering of the crowd. "Welcome to Edoras," he said as he pulled her against him. They started up the steep road and as soon as the excitement of the crowd had died down a little he leant forward and whispered, "I love you." He felt her go still in his arms, "What did you say?" "I said, I love you. Very much." She twisted in the saddle to face him. That lovely smile again. "Come on," he grinned, "let's go home." They stood outside Meduseld together; she had rehearsed time and time again the little speech she was to make after he had introduced her. He listened to the familiar words delivered in her practiced Rohirric and then realised she was changing the last sentence. "I already love your King; I will love his people and his land also." "Thank you for saying that," he whispered, as he carried her into the Golden Hall. "Éomer, I have loved you since you first rode into the courtyard at Dol Amroth."