wrong. He had to know that. But he didn't want to believe it. Allison could see it in his eyes. Even as he looked behind the counter and a groan broke free, he was still fighting the truth of what he saw. Robin asked anxiously, "Brody?" Brody didn't answer. He just dropped to his knees and drew Flynn's limp body into his arms, keening. Flynn's head was nestled under his chin. Were it not for the bullet hole marring his t-shirt, anyone would think he was just unconscious. There was a terrible sound from Michael and Allison turned her attention back to her brother. He was trying to speak, but Allison whispered, "No, no, save your strength." Save his strength? For what? For dying? Michael apparently recognized the truth, even if she didn't. He whispered, "You're worth it, little sister. I love you." His body convulsed in her arms, as he fought to draw air into his ruined lungs. In a dizzying haze, Allison heard Robin screaming, Brody sobbing, and Michael fighting to breathe. Then she heard another voice. A familiar voice. The now-retired police chief was on the scene. But that didn't matter. Not right now. She tried to force words around the lump in her throat. Tried to tell her brother that he meant everything to her, that she couldn't do this without him. But the words didn't come. Michael smiled weakly at her. . .and then quietly slipped away. Allison screamed again, begging her brother to open his eyes, to wake up, he couldn't leave her! Then someone was tugging him from her arms, and she didn't want to let go. She couldn't let go, she couldn't let anyone take him from her. Her mother was dead, her father. . .gone. No one knew where, no one ever talked about it. Not even Michael, whose gray eyes flashed with fury when their father was even mentioned. She. . . Michael was all she had left, she couldn't let him go. Flynn was dead, Flynn was dead, he was gone, and never coming back. In that moment, Allison wished with all her heart that Ava visited this week, instead of next week. If Ava was here this week, Flynn would be alive, because he would have the week off. She would far rather see him alive and in Ava's arms, than lost to them all. Flynn was gone, Flynn was dead, and she couldn't let go of Michael, not if she wanted to keep her sanity. Then big, warm, strong hands were on her shoulders and she was staring into tear-filled eyes. Devin Hurley's eyes. He whispered, "Let him go, Allie. We both have to let go." Michael was at last pried from her arms. She mouthed, ' it's my fault, it's all my fault .' Devin may not have been a subtle man, but he could lip-read. Something the four youngsters learned years earlier. He shook his head viciously and replied, "Like hell it is, little girl. You didn't pull the trigger. You didn't kill my baby boy." And there the words were. Out in the open, where they couldn't be taken back. Flynn was dead. Michael was dead. Devin's face crumpled and he whispered, "Come here, little girl." He drew her into his arms and she sobbed into his shirt. Allison Kathleen Norman was just nineteen years old, and what remained of her joyous summer and her eager outlook on life was destroyed in one day. . .in ten minutes. Devin Hurley, retired police chief, picked up Allison Norman and carried her from the convenience store where her brother and his son were murdered in cold blood. Not because they resisted the thief, as Allison later learned. Michael died for simply trying to shield his little sister from the sight of Flynn's body, knowing that she loved him. And Flynn? Flynn died just because. Just because the bastard could take the life of a young college student, who was loved. Devin changed that day. They all did. But Devin's guilt ate him alive. For days after Flynn's murder, he sat in his youngest son's room, reading his journals. Flynn took copious notes in class, and recorded all of his fears in his journals. Including the growing rift with his father. They had so little in common. Six months after Flynn's murder, Devin shattered for good and took his own life. Brody changed as well. He was always competitive, always driven. But his brother's murder drove him further. Even worse, Brody shut Allison out. She was grieving for both her brother and the boy she adored. He shut her out. . .even if his father didn't blame Allison for Flynn's death, Brody did. In a confrontation about two weeks before Devin's suicide, he told her bluntly that she should have died that day, instead of his darling baby brother. She felt the same way, but the words still hurt. Allison withdrew from Brody further, even after he tried to reconcile with her. Ironically, it was Ava who provided the most comfort. . .Ava and Michael's beloved Wendy. It was Ava, grieving for the loss of her boyfriend, who introduced her to Delia. It was Delia's husband who murdered Flynn and Michael on that day. It was her husband who shattered Allison's world. Because of that, Delia felt a responsibility to all three girls. . .to Ava, to Wendy, and to Allison. It was with the help of those three women that Allison got through the years after her brother's murder. It was they who supported her through the terrible sham that was a trial. Not that there was a miscarriage of justice. . .the bastard was convicted. . .but it made Allison physically ill to see the attempt to turn that monster into a victim. Even with the support of her three friends, and the satisfaction of seeing Saul Conover pay, it would be many, many long years before Allison had any sort of peace. . .