come again, and his hands are those of the healer, and so we have known the rumors true." "I was told that the captain of those who had come, the Northern captain who came off the black ships--that he had called our Lord Faramir back from the Gates themselves. My son--they brought him up from the great Gate of the City after the Black Captain turned away when the horns sounded--he had fallen under the Black Breath. They found no hurt on him, you see, so they would not take him to the Houses, thinking there was nothing to be done. He has been sinking deeper and deeper into the darkness all this day. The Captain--he called him back! He called him back with his will and the touch of his hand and the vapors of Kingsfoil. I never understood why my wife grew it in the garden, but he saw it and gave thanks for it, took some leaves and healed my son! " "And this one is a Man?" Húrin could not help but press the still stunned father for the truth of this one. "A Man? Well, he certainly is no orc!" "I mean, he is no Elf?" The father shook his head in disgust at the question. "I had not thought any Elves yet remained in the world until I saw the one who walked by the King--now, that is an Elf, with beardless visage, unnatural beauty, ageless eyes. But the King--he's definitely a Man--and a Dúnadan!" The excitement he felt was growing almost too large to hold in his heart as Húrin turned to continue the search. Near dawn he found the party at last, in the Second Circle in the common room to the Inn of the King's Head, where many of those who'd been injured had been brought who were too weak to be taken up to the Houses, not that there was room for any of these there. He saw the Elf first, kneeling over a pallet on which a Man had been laid, his form fair shining with a discernible Light. But not that far away knelt a second form that also seemed to glow, although the Light surrounding this one was different in quality, for it was not steady but pulsed as does the light of stars as opposed to the light of the wandering planets. Over still more of the wounded knelt others, some in the garb of Healers and some in the livery of the apothecaries and herbalists, and many of them those who'd only come to assist as they could. Water and broth were being administered; and here, too, he could smell an odor of cleanliness and renewal, familiar and yet peculiar to this place. He approached the one with the pulsing Light surrounding him... The one on the pallet was whispering, "I could not find my way..." "Shh, my friend--you have now been found and are back with us. Rest now and find your healing. These others will minister to you as they can." "Thank you," the injured Man said, reaching out to grasp the wrist of the one who knelt over him, momentarily keeping him from rising. "Thank you for lighting the way back!" The healer smiled down at him, although it could be seen he was exhausted. "Rest now, child of Eru. Rest and grow strong." So saying he slipped his wrist free of the other and rose and turned. Húrin saw first the depths of the exhaustion felt and the pain that this one kept suppressed. Not pain of body, he realized; no, this one had been scoured by grief, and was now tired enough to fall into his bed and perhaps sleep the following day and night. The Elf was approaching the Man, his own fair face concerned. "Estel, you must now go and rest." "These need me, Elrohir." "Nonsense, muindor nín . Not even you can take personal responsibility for all. I am fresher than you and can take over with those who remain here. Go--go out to your tent and rest. Halladan has seen to its raising." "I am still needed." "I tell you, younger brother, that you will be more sorely needed in a few hours' time, and you will need to have your body rested and your mind clear." The Elf turned to one of the Men who'd only just risen from giving a drink to one of the injured. "Hardorn--take this stubborn kinsman of yours out to the tents and see to it he gets at least four hours' sleep--and be certain you do likewise." The Elf reached out to take the water bottle from the one he'd addressed as Hardorn. "With pleasure, Lord Elrohir. Aragorn?" That was less a question, Húrin thought, than a command. Nevertheless, the Gondorian lord stepped forward, and the Man Hardorn interposed himself between him and the one who--might be--King. "If you have an injured kinsman you wish seen to, speak with Lord Elrohir here rather than to my cousin--he has labored mightily for days to see that in the end this City might be defended, and we are all grieving for our own losses as well as those known here in Gondor." Here, too, was indeed grief that was at the moment being channeled into protection for this one. And as he looked into the Man's face Húrin felt the stirrings of recognition. But the other put his hand on Hardorn's shoulder-- Hardorn--but he knew that name--from long ago! And the face seemed familiar! "Peace, Hardorn." And that, too, was familiar. Húrin searched the Man's eyes--and suddenly the scales fell away. A shock went through him--a shock of recognition as well as mingled dismay and yet gladness beyond what he'd ever expected to feel. " Thorongil !" he breathed, finding he had not the wind to shout as he'd intended. And he understood! The King? Ah, but he'd wondered that so long ago, when this one had last been in Gondor!