on the battlefield. Even with his best efforts you took a fever in the night. We rode all night to bring you here. You are in Edoras, Miss, the capitol city of Rohan, and you are in the hall of King Théoden, Meduseld. Da is the finest of the royal healers for your condition is unstable and severe." "My wounds?…. Edoras?...What happened?" I said trying to piece together a coherent thought. "Fret not." He said. "You must rest. You will soon be with the best hands in all of Rohan." He said softly as if trying to lure me to fall asleep like that of a hush lullaby. "But…." I said. I could feel myself slipping away again. I heard the door open and Da came in quickly rushing to my side. Another woman came in behind Da and a girl around my age. The woman had a pitcher of steaming water and the girl had an armful of rags. Da sat on the bed and pressed her hand to my forehead. "She has a strong fever." She said, "Eohides, bring me that water." She said. Eohides set the pitcher on the small table by the bed. Da took a rag from the girl and dipped it in the pitcher. She rung it out and started wiping off my forehead and face. The captain bowed to the women and the girl as he left to fetch the king. "Is it infection?" Eohides asked. "I'm not sure." Da said. "Lord Eomer failed to tell me the extent of her wounds when he woke me. No doubt they are extensive. I do not think he would have hastened so in his steps and his voice it they were not." Da started to look me over. She noticed the bandages on my wrists and started to unwrap them. She gently looked over my raw flesh. "Rope burns aren't that serious…." She said with another questioned look on her face. "Lady Da, there is also a bandage on her shoulder just there." The girl said pointing. Da reached up and pulled down the neckline of my dress. "Indeed. That must be where our challenge lies tonight." Da said fixing my neckline back to its original position "We'll wait till after the king has been briefed on her condition before we examine her. She could have lost her life this night, no need for her to lose her dignity as well. We just have to keep her warm and comfortable. Eohides?" "Yes, Lady Da." "Fetch a bit of hot mead would you. It will calm her nerves. Poor dear." Da said. Eohides nodded and left quickly. Da resumed wiping off my forehead. "What is your name child?" she asked. I couldn't have told her my name even if I wanted to. I felt very weak and the warmth of the wet cloth was putting me into sleep. I remained alert long enough to hear the door open once more. It was the captain and an older man in a long wool sleep shirt. "Alright, explain to me why I have a dying teenager in my house this evening." He said. It was him. King Théoden. "We were riding the northern patrol when we found a horse dead. He had tripped and his neck had been broken on his fall. We searched the area for his rider and found a small camp with a satchel. They were signs of a struggle and we followed the tracks. She was taken captive by a party of three wildmen." The captain said. "Wildmen? That far north?" asked the king. "We did not linger to investigate. During our rescue raid the girl suffered a deep gash on her back and right shoulder blade. When our own attention was not enough to save her we hastened here with all speed." "I see…." The king said calmly. "What is her name? Where did she come from?" "I do not know." The captain said. The king then turned to Da. "She is not coherent enough at the moment, my king." Da said. "How severe is her condition?" the king asked. "We don't know yet sir." Da said. "Very well, treat her with the best care. She may know something about why the wildmen were so far north. Report to me or Halrold as soon as you can." "Yes, my lord." Da said bowing her head down. "Eomer?" the king asked. "Yes, my lord?" answered the captain. "She'll be in your charge." "My Lord, I must return to the patrol. Hama needs…." He began but the king cut him off. "Don't worry about Hama. I have promoted him to my head officer of the Edoras defense and you…." The king's tone lightened. "You have been gone for too long. I am an uncle first, and a king second. Stay and rest. You sometimes forget how young you really are." Said the king and he kissed the captains forehead. The king left without any further word. "Lord Eomer," Da said bowing again. The captain nodded back at her and then his gaze drifted to me. He stared into my half lidded eyes and lingered his gaze for a moment or two before he too left. I felt dizzy and my mind was reeling trying to piece everything together. Dying teenager? So the captain is royalty; a nephew to the king. I looked at the girl still standing quietly with the rags in her arms. So must she be royalty if she is the captain's sister. She had a deep sorrow in her eyes as if she never smiled in her entire life. I do not think it was sorrow for my condition. The last thing I remember before the darkness took me was the flag of Rohan hanging from the ceiling. It was gently swaying from some draft somewhere in the hall. It was proud and the horse symbol seemed to be looking down into my very being. Dying? Is this what dying feels like?