"Thank you. Thank you for caring." He gave the weapons master a weak smile and a respectful nod as he left the office and walked up the corridor to leave the army headquarters. His eyes were red and his walk slow and careful, but there was nothing he could do to hide the fact that he had just been punished; even as he crossed the training field and passed a pair of young soldiers who exchanged knowing grins that made his blood boil, he did not bother trying to maintain a stoic expression or hold himself naturally. It was not worth the added pain to stop limping. The journey from army barracks to palace was usually no more than five minutes, but it took him fifteen on that occasion. Partly because he was hurting, partly because he did not wish to face another irate elf. As he found himself walking the path to the office he had been summoned to after many previous misdeeds , the boy sighed and made a half hearted attempt to straighten his clothes and tidy his hair. He rubbed at his face to try and hide all evidence of his sadness, but the razor sharp eyes of the king's aide coming the other way down the corridor noticed immediately. "Is my father busy?" he asked, before the older elf could say a word. "With papers, but he has nobody with him," the secretary replied. He paused, and looked carefully at the child's face. "You have been crying, my prince." Thranduil just smiled humourlessly, and knocked three times on the office door. There was a moment of silence before he heard a strong voice call out with permission to enter. Drawing a breath, he pushed the door open and stepped across the threshold. He had tried to deduce his father's mood from the tone of voice, but two neutral words were not enough to reassure him that Oropher was in a pleasant temperament. "Good afternoon, Ada," he muttered. "May I speak with you for a while?" "Shut the door," the blond king replied, glancing up only briefly from his work. "What is it?" "I have...a letter." Barely suppressing a sigh, Oropher pushed his papers away and held out one hand to take the proffered note. His keen eyes swept over his only child's face, and it looked for a moment as though he wanted to ask what had happened. But he remained silent, flipping the letter open and scanning it too swiftly for every word to have been taken in. His own fair face slowly darkened with anger, and his green eyes flashed furiously. If he had not been irate before, he certainly was now. "What is the meaning of this?" he demanded, letting the piece of parchment fall onto his desk. "You refused your weapons master in the presence of other students, your reasons being status? You think yourself better than your classmates?" "No, sir. My friends suggested it," Thranduil said quietly. "Just because they put the idea into your head, you did not have to show yourself up – or me, for that matter – by acting like a spoilt little brat who thinks he is too good to do some work. Come here," Oropher snapped, rising sharply and grabbing his son's wrist. "I will set your ideas straight for you." "Ada, no! Please! You have to read the letter again," the prince panicked. "Faeron said that if you became angry, I was to ask that you read it again. Please..." Glaring at the little boy, Oropher snatched the note back up from the desk and let his eyes fly over the short row of lines written by the weapons master. The second perusal yielded a few choice words that he had skipped over in his anger during the first reading, and he glanced sideways at his child as he sat down again. "He used the strap on you?" "Five times." "And you took it?" Thranduil nodded just once, his blue eyes cast towards the floor. "It hurt." "That is the idea. Each stroke feels like fire, and is the equivalent of a good few slaps from a hand. Very well. Come here..." Aware that his son's face had whitened, Oropher turned the boy around and pulled his leggings down a short way to examine the multitude of colours the once pale bottom had become. Faeron had certainly made his message clear. Rearranging the clothing, he spun his child back to face him once more. "You are very lucky today, ion-nín. I am letting you off with an early bedtime and no dessert tonight, but I promise that if any more of this pulling rank reaches my ears, I might borrow your instructor's strap myself. You have privileges and a title, but you are not being raised to flaunt them. I never want to hear that this has happened again. You will be a very sorry little elfling if I do. Have I made myself clear?" "Yes, sir. Sorry, sir." Narrowing his eyes, Oropher nodded towards the door. "Go to your room. I will see you at the evening meal." "Ada, I... I had plans to go and play with my friends. Now that I have been punished, may I still see them?" Thranduil asked quietly, wondering if this was the wisest course to be taking. "We were to go swimming at the lake." "You are walking on very thin ice. I am your father and your king, so I suggest that you do as you have been told without questioning it," Oropher replied dangerously. The prince nodded swiftly and beat a hasty retreat to the door, although a sudden thought gripped him as he wrapped his fingers around the handle. Looking over his shoulder, he carefully studied the older elf's position and wondered how long it would take for the distance between them to be closed. "Ada? May I ask you something?" "What now?" the king snapped. "Did you just pull rank?" END