between Éomer and the steward. "Are you cross with me?" he asked quietly as soon as they sat down. "'Cross' is not the word that springs to mind," she replied through her teeth. "Furious, incensed or enraged seem to fit better." "I am sorry," he said softly looking right into her eyes. "No, you are not!" she said immediately. "You are right, I am not," he said with a smile. "It is always good policy when starting negotiations to try and discover the thoughts of the other party involved." She opened her mouth to speak but fell silent as a server placed soup before her. She waited until he had gone. "What negotiations?" "On forming an alliance between Gondor and Rohan of course." He carried on before she could make any comment, "Negotiations which I am determined shall remain a totally private matter between the King of Rohan and the Princess of Dol Amroth. Do you agree?" "Agree?" she hissed. "No, I certainly do not agree to any negotiations. Perhaps you have forgotten that you told me that he…. you had already met a lady. That was before you kissed me, if I remember rightly." She put her spoon down making no attempt to even start the soup. "True," he grinned, nonchalantly biting into a piece of bread. "He did meet a lady of Gondor who stole his heart. He met her in the stables this afternoon." Éomer watched amused as the colour rushed to her cheeks. He waited for some answer but she seemed to be unable to look directly at him, or reply, so he continued. "The King of Rohan would like to offer the Princess of Dol Amroth certain assurances which he hopes may persuade her to open negotiations," he said gently. He saw her swallow and then she looked up from under her long lashes. "What assurances?" "Firstly," he smiled, "that the King of Rohan has no interest in taking any wife, whatever her credentials, who is only marrying him out of 'duty'. When he takes a wife he wishes to love her and wishes her to love him in return." He waited whilst the server removed the soup plates and then grinned to himself as he noticed that although she was managing to look outwardly composed she was screwing a napkin into a tight ball on her lap. "Secondly," he carried on, "having found such a wife he has absolutely no intention of 'going elsewhere'. Also," he said in a teasing voice, "although he admits that he has not yet experienced the situation, holding hands and watching babies sleep does sound like something he would enjoy." He leant towards her and whispered, "With the right woman of course." "Oh!" was the only reply forthcoming. "Having heard those assurances does the Princess of Dol Amroth think that she may now wish to enter into those private negotiations?" he asked quietly. There was a silence for a moment and then she looked directly up at him. "Yes. She does," she said finally. "Well, in that case," he grinned, "I think it is up to her to open the dialogue." He could see that she was considering her reply. "The Princess of Dol Amroth," she said with a smile, "having received certain assurances from the King of Rohan has decided that she will not stamp on his foot." "Oh good, that is a relief," he laughed. "Perhaps she would also consider," he looked at her with a mischievous twinkle, "not partaking of the garlic? Then we could forgo the dancing and go straight outside to carry on with the kissing!" ---------------------- Imrahil was amazed; he could not believe it was working so well. Ever since the two of them had sat down they had been talking quietly with their heads close together. He looked across to Aragorn who grinned and winked at him. He had obviously noticed. They had talked about the possibility, but however good it would be for the security of Gondor, he would never force her to marry completely against her will. He loved her too much for that. He just had a feeling they would suit, hence the letter to Elphir suggesting he persuade her to come on the trip to Edoras. He had been disappointed when the ship had been delayed with a damaged rudder but it looked as if it was all for the best. He could not have planned it better. Imrahil looked back at his daughter, he was sure she had never blushed before tonight and now she was definitely giggling. ------------------------- Midnight Lothíriel stared out of the window; she did not think she would ever get to sleep. She could still feel his arms around her; still feel the touch of his beard on her face. Never would doing her duty be more pleasurable, she was looking forward to a long and happy alliance with Rohan. She had been looking forward to it for quite some time, ever since their Knights had returned home with tales of the battle. How the Rohirrim had arrived at dawn, with horns blowing, just as the Witch King smote down the gates. How Éomer the king's nephew had taken up his dead uncle's banner and carved through the ranks of the Southrons. Then in the face of despair, when it seemed all hope was lost, he had raised up his sword in defiance. He was just as she had imagined him. The ship being late was no problem either; one could usually take advantage of such mishaps. Meeting in the stables was sheer luck. Of course when entering into negotiations it was always good practice to slip information to the other party involved. She was surprised at Éomer though, he must have been distracted when he entered the stables. One would have thought that a horse master such as him would have known, that she was perfectly aware, of that lovely little noise a much loved horse makes when it greets its master.