King, what a surprise." "We were…" Éomer looked beseechingly towards Éothain, hoping his friend's inventiveness would not let him down. It didn't. "My Lord Éomer, fearful that his royal duties have been keeping him from practising his scouting skills took this opportunity of brushing up on them. In other words," he said with a deadpan face, "we were spying on you." "Not on me," Erchirion looked even more amused, "I wasn't there. But I would advise you to make less noise next time. I could hear you from the road." Éomer thought it best to ignore this; attack was always the best means of defence. "Where were you then? Were they waiting for you? We thought to meet up with you hours ago." "They were waiting for us," Erchirion did not sound at all apologetic. "I have a friend who lives in the next valley," he pointed along the road in the direction of Lamedon. "I wished to take the opportunity of spending a little time with him, and my sister decided to avail herself of his hospitality in order to bathe and prepare for the forthcoming meeting with her betrothed." His grey eyes managed, with one look, to take in Éomer's crumpled tunic, the pieces of twigs and grass on it and the mud on his boots. "I see…," said Éomer slowly, "so you and your sister spent the night in a house down the road and not in the camp." He got up trying to brush the mess from his tunic, and glanced down into the corrie. The horses were being saddled and everyone looked to be preparing to leave. "That is what I said." "And where is your sister now?" Éomer asked in a tight voice. "Lothíriel is talking to your men and to Firefoot. She is, naturally, slightly nervous of meeting you and feels that making friends with your horse will put her in a good light and it will also, perhaps, give her an insight into his master's nature. Personally, I doubt if conversing with a bad tempered stallion will be advantageous to her." Éomer had stopped listening. His gaze was riveted by the vision walking hesitantly towards him. Bema, he prayed she was not a vision. She was dressed very similarly to Erchirion, except that the tunic was full, longer and more like a dress and she was not wearing a breastplate. Breasts. Éomer gulped. She was tall and slender but the ruffle of snow white lace at her throat could not hide the wonderful proportions of her figure. Her black hair had been fastened at the back but the long tail of it brought forward to hang down the right side of her chest. Chest, he gulped again. She was smiling softly, the smile on her full, very kissable lips, matching the shy smile in her clear grey eyes. "Princess Lothíriel," he was surprised he managed to utter anything as his tongue felt like a gag in his mouth. Her smiled deepened as she reached him and held out her hand to be kissed. Too late he remembered that he had not washed his own since Firefoot had washed them for him. He brought her hand to his lips. Hopefully she wouldn't notice if she had been petting his horse. "You had better be very sure about this, Loti," Erchirion managed to sound amused and haughty at the same time, "I do believe your betrothed has spent the last hour ogling your worthy companion." ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Epilogue Edoras three months later- He was staring into space again, doing nothing. He had done a lot of nothing lately. It was pleasant. Well, he would have to do something, the messenger was returning to Dol Amroth in the morning and he still hadn't written a single word. There was a light tap on the door and Éomer looked up, startled, and slightly resenting the intrusion. "Come." Fréowyn told me to bring you this, my Lord." The maid put a tray down on his desk. Bending over far enough for her king to see most of her very ample breasts. The tray held much more interest for him, tea and a fruited cake. The girl fluttered long dark lashes at him her pouty lips curling into a seductive smile. "She said you did not have any breakfast." Éomer sighed, "Thank you, Edyth, just leave it there, would you." Edyth gave him another flirty smile. She turned around and made for the door, wiggling her bottom all the way. He speculated on when she would give up. She had been in Meduseld for two months now and there was no sign of the signals abating. He took a long deep sigh and wondered when other women had ceased to exist for him. He allowed himself a smile. No, that was not true really, he knew exactly when it had happened but he just liked to think about it. It had happened when he had let go her hand, looked up, and locked his hazel eyes with her grey ones. Whatever had he done for the Valar to be so good to him? Éomer turned back to his desk; he would have to write something. He stared down at the piece of parchment in front of him; it stared blankly back, berating him for his neglect. How did you tell such a Lady that she set you on fire, stirred your very soul? How did you tell her you were counting the days to their marriage: dreaming of hot steamy night when alone in your cold wide bed? You did not, of course. He picked up his pen. Dear Lothíriel, I hope this letter find you in good health. I have been very busy and it looks as if it will be a good harvest. The horse I have chosen for you is well into her training…. Fini With thanks to Eirwen for her support and to Maddy for further insights into the behaviour of our equine friends. LBJ