you a princess of the Noldor, don't ask questions and accept it as it goes. You have also been granted the ability to speak and understand sindarin and quenya. Have fun in the new life that awaits for you, whether you decide to do nothing or change the course of the upcoming war remember that your parents, your real parents will be proud of you either way, but if by any chance you decide that you want to live up to your new father's name, you know exactly what to do, Have a long and happy life Tithen-pen, The Fates & The Valar. Wonderful, just wonderful, not only was I a she elf, no I was an infamous she elf, daughter of a guy who had been the last king of the Noldor, an illegitimate daughter at that and apparently a big deal, what if they suddenly started calling me princess? There were some things I could not accept, I rolled my eyes and left the letter on the desk moving around in the room again, what sort of cruel joke was this? This was certainly some kind of punishment for my incessant complaining, but what could I say? People were stupid, and my life for the past years had become monotonous, I had the right to complain. In the room there was also a bathtub filled with warm water, I smiled, I unzipped my dress and took off my underwear and got into the tub, I relaxed for a few minutes and then proceeded to test the different tubes of soapy substance. After the relaxing bath, because god knew that it had been a while since I had had the time to get into a relaxing bath like that, I checked my suitcases and smiled when I found my underwear, did elves even used underwear? Then I checked the dresses that had been left in my room, because as comfortable as my favorite pair of leggings were I knew that they were probably not appropriate for me to wear… alone, that doesn't mean I didn't slipped them under the dress that I decided to wear. I also grabbed a comfortable looking pair of elven boots, and boy they were just as comfortable as they looked, practically weightless, I loved it. I walked outside of my room and wandered around, thankfully I somehow reached the kitchen, there the Cooks presented me with a plate filled with cheese and fruits and a glass of wine, which I enjoyed greatly because I was, up to this point, starving. After my improvised lunch I decided to go around and explore the place. "My lady, I see that you now look rested" said Lindir as he approached me. "As opposed to looking like if I had been chased like a pack of rabid wolves?" I joked, he laughed. "That too, my lady, enjoying Rivendell so far?" he asked, I nodded. "The place looks simply magical, reminds me of stories I used to hear when I was young" I said while admiring the view, we had come to stand in a balcony that overlooked the entire place. "In your exile?" he asked, I furrowed my brow, exile? Damn I needed to go and have an urgent conversation with Elrond. "Yes" I answered stiffly "Can you show me where lord Elrond is? I need to speak to him" I said, Lindir nodded and guided me through the place. Elrond's office was beautiful and interesting, and if I ever had the chance to go back to my universe I was going to do some redecorating. Elrond was sitting behind a desk, writing, Lindir walked up to him while I waited near the doorframe, Elrond nodded at whatever Lindir was telling him and motioned for me to sit in one of the chairs available, once Lindir saw that I was comfortable enough, he nodded to Elrond and gave me a little smile before leaving. "Your arrival was unexpected" Elrond started, I nodded. "It was unexpected for me too" I admitted, Elrond raised an eyebrow. "According to the letter I received from the Valar, you were secluded and kept safe in a place very different from our own, reason why, and I quote them 'you will find some of her actions very strange'" it was my turn to raise an eyebrow, I could behave, I was not a child, but trust the Valar to make me seem like a kid that had just gotten out of a madhouse "I knew your father, but I didn't knew that he had actually had a daughter or any children, who was your mother?" "I didn't knew her" which was true, Elrond looked at me confusedly and I was going to continue with my lie when I felt a strange sensation take ahold of me "I was born in Valinor, my mother left after being with my father for she was afraid of the outcome of what was happening here in Arda, unfortunately she died in childbirth and I was then raised by Nessa, the Vala, until I was old enough to be sent to the place where I lived until the Valar called me again" the words flew out of my mind and I had no control of them, there was a comforting tint to it, and I'm pretty sure I was being possessed. "You lived with the Valar?" Elrond now sounded very surprised and my body nodded slowly, it was like having an out of the body experience, like Insidious. "Gil-galad had many enemies and being his daughter would've only mean trouble for me, exile was the only option" I felt the control of my body returning to me and suddenly I knew that Nessa had been the one talking to Elrond, she had solidified my cover. And if I didn't got to leave to my universe and got the chance to visit the undying lands I was going to search for her, and thank her for being there for me.