humor and a hint of wistfulness she found promising. "You have no lady accompanying you here from Minas Tirith," she noted. He looked down and gave a slight shrug. "Few appear to see past the empty sleeve," he answered, then returned his gaze to hers almost in challenge. "Then only those few prove themselves to be truly discerning," she said, her head held straighter. He was searching her eyes, then smiling, and she felt her pulses quicken.... ******* She opened the door to the bedchamber assigned her while yet exhilarated by a far more enjoyable evening than she'd foreseen. To find someone she could talk with as she had with the one she'd spent the evening alongside.... "Well, you have been quite late in returning!" At her mother's disapproving tone, Lynessë's elation fled. Endorë sat in the chair by the fireplace, her eyes raking her daughter's appearance. "We had a good deal to speak about, my escort and I." "What about your agreement to dance with the Steward's sons?" "You asked only that I not refuse to dance with whoever asked me, and I will have you know I did dance with Lord Faramir, shortly before I returned here. He said that anyone who could capture his friend's attention as I did must be one to know better." "You could have spent a good deal more time in his presence----" "Along with the empty-headed maidens who could simper no more than 'Oh, but how thrilling, Lord Faramir' all evening? At least when he asked me to dance it was because he perceived me not to be but a simple husband seeker!" "But what future could you expect with a cripple such as Lord Húrin...?" Lynessë interrupted her. "He is not a cripple! He lost his arm honorably in battle in defense of our land, an activity Lord Tervain has never taken part in, much less many others from the southern realm between here and Langstrand! And--wait." She felt surprise go through her. "That was Lord Húrin? Our Lord Steward Denethor's nephew? But he should be quite old! He was old when we lived there in Minas Tirith, even." "He is not as old, perhaps, as your father, but certainly at least as old as I am. He was one of those present at the first ball I attended when I was sixteen, here at Dol Amroth, in fact. It was during the time Lord Denethor was courting Lady Finduilas." Lynessë shrugged, confused. "He does not seem old enough to be of an age with you or Adar." "He is of purer Dúnedain blood than we have, Lynessë. Such age more slowly than common Men. Indeed, it is said that of old those who were King often lived to see two centuries, not that many pass a hundred and a score nowadays. Why, our Lord Steward himself must be somewhere around eighty years now." Lynessë looked thoughtfully toward the door, her distress receding noticeably. "I see," she said. "He is certainly comely and distinguished enough." "Indeed--but you must needs think of yourself now. After all, he is not--whole." Her daughter looked at her with concern. "You mean that he was unmanned also?" Endorë felt herself flush. "Oh, no--not to my knowledge, at least. Nay, it was but his arm he lost to the Southrons, I believe. But think, sell nín --there is so much one with one arm cannot do----" "I have not seen much worth doing he has not shown himself capable of, Naneth. He dances most gracefully, serves others well, can steady one as we walk, and he tells me that he rides and hunts with a spear or hawk." "But how can one with one arm hunt while riding?" Endorë asked uncertainly. "He rides a horse trained in Rohan to be ridden by horse archers and guided by the knees, or so he told me. He described how it was that his first such steed was a gift given him by his captain from when he was in the Rangers of Ithilien." "Oh." The mother paused in thought. "But I had such hopes you might come to the Citadel as a bride...." Lynessë was flushing with anger. "Always you would see me in the Citadel! Perhaps I do not wish such a high estate. Look at what occurred when it was the Lady Finduilas came there. Save for her sons, what joy did she find in being the Lord Steward's Lady?" "Do not say that--she loved her husband dearly!" "Perhaps." The younger woman's anger relaxed. "Nay, she must have loved him to leave Dol Amroth and go with him to the capital and become his wife. But all have told me she did not fare well, ever in the sight of the Enemy's stronghold, and seeing the weight of cares increasingly burden her husband." "You are stronger than she!" "Am I, Nana?" Endorë straightened. "Oh, yes, but you are. Do not question that, daughter. Now, you must rest." "Not until I am free of this gown--which is another matter--I shall never wear it again! It is too tight, and it has been all I could do to move or sit--or even breathe! If you will call for Tersiel...." Again flushing, the older woman shook her head. "I already sent her to bed. And I can certainly help you out of this gown, beloved." So saying, she moved to undo the laces, only to realize just how tight they were, and to see firsthand the relief in her daughter's face and posture once the dress was finally loose and pulled over her head and away. Lynessë took a long, relieved breath. "Thanks be to the Powers!" she sighed, stretching. "Never, never again will I wear it, or even see it. So, take it away, Nana, or I shall throw it out into the Sundering Sea to be rid of it!" Endorë carried it away, held protectively over her arm. Had it done its job, she wondered? Time would tell.