my senses are heightened when I want them to be. In a slight panic I slammed myself against the trunk of a tree hiding myself from whoever was coming. Soon enough I heard footsteps and voices. Judging by how loud the voices where I could tell that they were very close. "Orcs have been spotted everywhere in Middle-Earth. I can't help but feel that there's something going on that we don't know about." Wait a minute….I know that voice! It belongs to a certain elf I know and seriously want to glomp (glomping is like hugging, but on a bigger scale). "Perhaps your thoughts deceive you my friend." I know that voice too! Could it be…? I peered around the tree just enough so that I could get a glimpse at them. What I saw were two men, one an elf with long blonde hair and beautiful face and the other a human with dark hair and that rough-rider kind of look (in my opinion). I was right! It was Aragorn and Legolas! Wait…if I remember correctly Aragorn became king of Gondor. If he's the king then what is he doing out here? There was no doubt in my mind he was with Legolas or where Arwen was. I have read several fan fictions where Aragorn urged Arwen to sail west and she did. But I know that I must not jump to conclusions. They stopped walking under a tree and continued their conversation. "Face it Aragorn, there is something evil in the air." Legolas said sounding a little frustrated. "And this feeling you have, you think it has to do with the Orcs?" asked Aragorn. Legolas sighed. "I'm not exactly sure…" he trailed off as his ears pricked up. He looked around them as if expecting something to pop out. "What was that?" I froze in my place. Oh crap, did they hear me? I was about to grab my ballistic knife when I remembered that guns would be a little new to them, especially one that doubles as a knife. I felt a chill run down my spine, something was close. I touched the ground using my magical senses to feel around us. Indeed, something was here, and it wasn't her or Aragorn or Legolas. It was something barbaric, something evil. It was a…! "LOOK OUT!" I screamed as I jumped out and created a shield just in time before the arrow could implant itself in Aragorn. I spotted the Orc and quickly took out my bow. As fast as I could I drew an arrow and shot it aiming at its neck, remembering that their armor was weak around that area. The arrow implanted itself in the Orc's neck and it screamed before it fell dead. I turned my senses on once again feeling for more of them, but that was the only one. I sighed relived and lowered my bow. But that's when I realized my mistake. I tensed and looked over my shoulder at the two men behind me. They were both staring at me with a shocked look on their faces. Slowly, I turned to face them directly. I smiled nervously and lightly waved. "Uh…hello." They both continued to stare at me until Legolas spoke in a hushed voice. "Who…are you?" I gulped a little, but luckily I knew how they told who each other where in this world. "Um…I am Rebecca, daughter of Michael." What? It's not like lying would do me any good. Aragorn shook his head, obviously still slightly confused. "Well I'm-." I cut him off. "Oh don't worry, I know who you are." I pointed at Aragorn. "You're Aragorn, and…" then I pointed at Legolas "…you're Legolas." At first they were shocked, but then let it go seeing how many knew their names. "What are you doing here?" Aragorn asked. I sighed. "That's a long story." I noticed Legolas looking at me peculiarly. "Is something wrong?" Legolas looked me in the eyes as if trying to see my soul. "That shield….and you have a magical aura, are you a witch?" My eyebrow twitched. "The word "witch" is a bit of an ugly word to wield. I prefer to be called and enchantress or a sorceress, thank you very much." Legolas apologized seeing that he had offended me. Aragorn cleared his throat. "Well, I guess I should thank you young enchantress, it seems that you saved my life." I smiled a little and shrugged. "It was nothing, really. Besides I'm pretty sure Legolas would have saved you if I wasn't here. Oh, not trying to be rude or anything, but you are the king…right?" Aragorn raised an eyebrow at me for a second. "Yes." OK, one question answered. Now here's the difficult and awkward one. "Where is Arwen?" They were both silent for a moment before Aragorn answered. "She was not happy here, so I beckoned her to sail to the west with the rest of the elves and that is where she is now." I nodded; glad I was able to get that strait. But I couldn't help but let a small playful smile grace my lips. "Do you mind if we go somewhere else? I can sense that you still wonder why I am here and believe me, it is quite a long story." Aragorn nodded. "I agree with you. Let us return to the castle." Oh…my…Gerita! I was going to his castle! The castle where the white tree grows (sort of)! I allowed a big smiled to trace my lips and I followed them, trying hard not to skip. Well, that's it so far! I really hope my dear friend Mikaela won't mind that I had her be an extra in this story. Oh and if you're reading *waves* HI! This kind of takes place in my own little world/the world of . In the world of I have been on several adventures that require survival tactics and steady hand with a bow. I hope you enjoyed! ~ladyknights104