grow old before she even had a chance to realize it. The change had already begun. They had grown up together as children, matured through the troubling years of adolescence. Now, it was starting to become evident: Auraelya's features hadn't changed since she was eighteen, and she was now into her twenty-third year. Theodred, who was close to his twenty-fifth year, had begun to receive faint lines of worry that came with the times in which they lived. Though his hair was still thick and rich in color, Auraelya knew in a few more years she'd be able to see the gray. Auraelya loved Theodred with all her heart and wanted to be with him always, but she knew whether by sword or the slow onslaught of time, Theodred would die. Wanting to forget such dismal thoughts, she changed the subject, "Has your father agreed on the day of our wedding?" Theodred sighed heavily and sat up, running a hand through his hair. Auraelya recognized this as a habit of his when he got frustrated. "He delayed it another month." He told her solemnly. "Father claims it would be best to wait until the feasting season." "Why so long? Your father was so happy when you told him of our engagement." Auraelya asked in confusion. "Why does he delay?" "I do not know." He replied, wearily. "My father has changed so much this past season. He becomes more distant everyday, closing himself up in council with Grima for long periods of the day. And there are times when I speak to him that it appears as if he does not hear me. Almost like he does not know I am there." Auraelya's heart ached at the sight of her love's troubled face. His eyes were glazed over with thought and it felt as if he were miles else where. She moved closer to him, resting her chin on his shoulder. "I am sure all fairs well with your father. It is just the worry of the northern lands that troubles him." Auraelya assured him softly. "I am sorry that I brought it up. It's just…the day could not come sooner for me." "And do you not think that waiting has not been torture for me as well?" Theodred asked, turning to her and smiling weakly. "I have wanted you to be mine for so long." "I am yours." She told him with a warm smile. "And it is that fact alone that makes me the envy of every man in Rohan." Auraelya blushed silently. Theodred took her hands in his, stroking her knuckles with his thumb. His eyes stared down into hers, and Auraelya nearly drowned in the love that poured from their brown depths. "I love you." He told her, quietly. "I always have." "And I you." Auraelya murmured. Theodred then, picked one of the many small, white flowers that littered the ground. He presented it to her and said, "For you, my lady," Auraelya took it with a smile, sniffing it lightly. Its clean, sweet scent filled her senses. "I never understood why simbelmynë is the sign of death." Auraelya stated, admiring the blossom. "It is so beautiful. It should be a flower of joy…not sorrow." "You would look radiant with simbelmynë in your hair." Theodred told her, taking the flower and tucking it behind her ear. Auraelya smiled and picked another. "I have always loved these flowers." She said, softly. "The blossom reminds me of the gem on my mother's necklace. I wonder if they had simbelmynë where she was from." Theodred touched the pendant that hung from her neck on a silver chain with his fingertips. The flower was made from white crystals that sparkled like a million rainbows in the sun. The pendant wasn't very large, maybe only as big as a small coin. "Well…wherever it was that she was from, I am glad that she came here. If she hadn't, I would never have gotten the honor of knowing you." Theodred said with a smile. Auraelya returned it before she snuggled up to him again, resting her head on his chest. Theodred set his chin on her head and sighed contently. "Soon…you will be my wife." Theodred whispered, stroking her hair. "I promise you that." "I have no doubt." She assured him. "I wear your promise on my finger." Theodred smiled and help up her left hand so he could examine it. A large, gold ring was set about her ring finger with inlays of silver engraved in the band. The engravings made patterns of flowers and if you looked close enough, horse heads. Tiny diamonds and emeralds glinted among the gold. Theodred had it specially made for Auraelya as a symbol of his undying love and devotion to her. "It is a beautiful promise if I do say so myself." He stated, wryly. Auraelya smile as she leaned up and gave him a kiss. "Yes, I dare say it is." She murmured, her green eyes staring deeply into his. "I will honor that promise, Auraelya." He told her, ardently. "And we will be forever bound to each other." "I would love nothing more." She replied, cupping his face tenderly. He placed his hands over her lips sweetly with his. And so, the lovers kissed passionately beneath the warm autumn sun, and in that moment, the world stood still. A/N: I hope it is good so far. I felt bad for Theodred in the movie. All you saw of him was when he was dying. So I decided to give him a bit of a role in this story. I know some of you are like WTF is there an Elf in Rohan. Don't worry it will make sense later on. If you read this and absolutely hated it, please just keep your opinion to yourself. I appreciate constructive criticism, but I hate bashing. So please be courteous...thank you. Give me lovely reviews and I'll try to update soon. Love and cookies for all!