bad headmaster the council would know. There were several public schools run by the council but the council had forbidden them from teaching anything that would show them in a bad light, thus anyone who could afford it sent their kids to Wolfsbane to give them a better education. Slate came in with three mugs of hot chocolate and put them down. He looked at us. "Talking to the mystic beings again?" His depressed tone made him sound like Lurch from the Addams Family. "None of your business Lou Anne," Slate left. "Now," he took a sip of his hot chocolate. "Was there any reason in particular for dropping in?" "Yes," I decided to get straight to the point. "Katie and Myria have gone." "I thought it was quiet." He downed the rest of the mug. "Someone teleported them here," Lady Venom explained. "Well they're your problem now." He started on a second mug. "There not here," Lady Venom told him. "Well where are they?" He asked. "Somewhere pointless knowing those two." "Middle Earth," I told him. A look of alarm crossed him face and he almost spit out his hot chocolate. "What?!" "They stole our car and took it to middle earth along with all the explosives they could carry." "Good luck with that." The message was clear she's your problem now. "Why don't you help us?" I asked. "I bet with your wolf sense of smell you could track them easily." "Why don't you ask broom lady? She's an elf, she'll fit in easily." He'd name the other council elected staff member. She was an elf who used the human name Diana Forest, Cal had made her head of discipline because she was good at it, and she was the only staff member besides Cal himself that Katie and Myria were scared of. He called her "broom lady" behind her back because she was stick thin and he claimed, she walked around like she had a broom shoved up her backside. She and Cal had a one night stand in College and there was some unresolved tension between them. "We're asking you," Lady Venom told him. "I wish I could," Cal stretched his arms and took another sip of hot chocolate, "but I've got some very important work to do." "Like what?" Not even we knew what he did all day, apart from teaching the shape shifting class (which was mostly practical work anyway) he didn't seem to do a lot of actual work. "M&M duty," He shovelled another fistful of candy. "Screen off," I commanded. I turned to Lady Venom. "What do you think we should do?" "What if we created a character in the Lord of The Rings world to capture them?" She suggested. "Then do what? I think we're going to have to go after them ourselves." I shuddered at the idea of tramping all over middle earth to find an ADHD leprechaun and a pyromaniac. "I guess you're right, the penguins will have to build another transport thought." "Yeah," "One of us should probably stay here to keep an eye on the story and what's happening." Lady Venom suggested. "We also need to know if they've ended up in the movie version or the book." "Why?" Linel the penguin asked. "Because according to the movie everything was just an hour's ride away from each other, didn't you notice how none of their horses ever got tired? But in the book version the whole journey took about a year," lady venom explained. "You're right Venom, which version it is could make all the difference. And one of us should stay here, once one of us is inserted into the story we won't be able to spy on the other characters anymore." I instructed the penguins to build another transport device and we looked back at the fic. I perched on the back of the chair Lady Venom was sitting in. The rocket crashed to the ground breaking into pieces. "Damn it, I muttered. The girl got up and dusted themselves off. " That was a brilliant idea," Myria said sarcastically. "We could have been killed." " But we weren't." Katie chirped. " Well what do we do now? The rocket's wreaked." Katie whipped out her wand and Myria followed suit. Oh great, what are they doing now And now the remains of the rocket had been turned into a jeep. They threw all their gear into the back. " Katie?" Myria asked. " Yeah?" " Maybe we shouldn't walk around middle earth dressed as ninjas." " Oh yeah." Katie changed her clothes by spinning around really fast like a cartoon character, Myria just climbed into the back seat of the jeep amongst the explosives. Katie was now wearing a tunic that that went down to her knees and matching leggings, both the same shade of moss green as her large eyes. She had little brown boots and on her back was her infamous "faerie bow". Instead of iron arrow heads, the arrows had a bubble on the end, Katie often put potions in the bubbles so she could hit people from a distance. Unfortunately the bow was small and didn't have a great range. Myria wore a red shirt a shade darker than her short red hair and modern jeans. " We should get ponies!" Katie giggled. 'I love ponies." " Yesterday you said you wanted a monkey," Myria reminded her. "Besides we have the jeep." " I still want a monkey," Katie sniffed. " Tough," Myria climbed into the jeep. "Plus I get to drive." " Why do you get to drive?" Katie whined. " You get to read the map," Myria thrust a copy of lord of the rings into Katie's hand. "There should be one in the back." The girls started on their journey. I turned to Venom. "Somehow I just know this isn't going to end well." (Please review, all you have to do is click on the little purple button.)